He knows a lot about the Quran.
He needs to study the Quran.
He wants to study the Quran.
He wants to study Islam.
There is a God.
He read the whole Quran.
He brought a copy of the Quran.
He gave her a copy of the Quran.
There is only one version of the Quran.
The Quran is in Arabic.
The Quran was revealed in Arabic.
The Quran's original language is Arabic.
The original language of the Quran is Arabic.
He wrote a book about the Quran.
He's writing a book about the Quran.
He wrote a book about Islam.
He's writing a book about Islam.
God can do anything.
Muslims believe in Jesus.
Muslims don't believe in the cross.
Muslims don't believe in the Trinity.
The Quran says God is one.
What does the Quran say about this?
Can I go to the mosque?
Can I come with you to the mosque?
Did you go to the mosque?
There are millions of mosques in the world.
There are thousands of mosques in Algeria.
There are hundreds of mosques in Kabylie.
Every single Kabyle village has a mosque.
He left the mosque.
Did you become a Muslim?
He dedicated his entire life to the Lord.
You're not allowed to sleep in the mosque.
A Muslim woman cannot be married to a Christian man.
A Muslim man can marry a Christian or Jewish woman.
A Muslim woman can't be married to a Christian or Jewish man.
A Muslim man can marry a Jewish woman.
I also want to be a Muslim.
I want to be a Muslim, too.
I have always wanted to be a Muslim.
He didn't want to be a Muslim.
Don't tell Dad that I became a Muslim.
God can forgive sins.
God can forgive sins if He wants to.
I think I am ready to become a Muslim.
I think I am ready to convert to Islam.
All of them are Muslim.
Every time I see a person enter Islam, I cry.
Every time I see an atheist convert to Islam, I cry.
She became Muslim.
He found out she was Muslim.
He thought she was Muslim.
He bought a copy of the Quran.
When do Muslims pray?
Where do Muslims pray?
What do Muslims eat?
Muslims don't eat pork.
There are Muslims like me who eat pork.
Muslims like me should taste pork.
I'm a Muslim, but I like wine.
Originally, I'm from Algeria.
I'm from Algeria originally.
I used to call people to Islam.
Islam is a message of peace.
He helped me to know more about Islam.
He used to have a very bad pictures about Islam and Muslims.
He drove to the mosque.
He drove to the mosque to pray.
They wanted to make him a Muslim.
Esther's cat is a rescue.
He has never met any Muslims.
I have an Algerian friend.
We Muslims believe in Jesus and Moses.
Muslims don't play music in their mosques.
He recites the Quran in Arabic.
When I hear the Quran, I feel like I want to cry.
When I hear the Quran recited, I feel like I want to cry.
Who gave you life?
You have to know what Islam is.
You cannot force anybody to become Muslim.
Islam needs to be spread by the heart.
Islam isn't spread by the sword.
I saw him praying in the mosque.
He was praying for us.
He was in the mosque praying, tears coming down his face.
He is interested to be a Muslim.
He also is interested to be a Muslim.
Why don't you be a Muslim?
You need to talk to God.
I raised up my head and prayed.
Muhammad is God's messenger.
Muhammad is the messenger of God.
Muhammad and Jesus are God's messengers.
May God guide all of us.
My name is Salas and I'm from Algeria.
I was born and raised in Algeria.
I'm from a Muslim background.
I was born and raised in a Muslim background.
His unkindness made them angry.
He grew up in a white racist area.
He thought all Muslims were terrorists.
I spoke to my Algerian friend.
I don't think he's Algerian.
I don't think he's from Kabylie.
I don't think she's from Algeria.
I love Berber words.
I love the Tamazight language.
I love Tamazight.
I love Berber etymology.
I love Berber linguistics.
There are a lot of Muslims there.
I prefer to read the Quran in Arabic.
This is the Texas accent.
What's the main message of Islam?
"How many wives to you have?" "Why don't you just mind your own business?"
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes." "How many wives do you have?" "And how many husbands does your wife have? Listen. Why don't you just mind your own business?"
The Quran is from God.
The Quran is from Allah.
I'm asking God every day to guide me.
I want to go to paradise.
Encourage them to go to the mosque.
Encourage them to pray in the mosque.
When a little girl was born to a family, it was considered such a disgrace.
How can I improve my English, is there any easy way that I can adopt to improve it?
Some people claim to be advanced in a foreign language, but in fact they make basic mistakes.
I moved here to Algeria in 1990.
I move here to Algeria from Turkey.
I had to learn Berber quickly.
Who is her father?
Did you eat my sandwich?
The children speak very slowly.
The children speak slowly.
I understand when they talk.
It is easier to understand children.
I wish all the best for all the children.
Because when I was a kid, I used to say that too.
Now I'm studying biology and it's wonderful.
I was excited when the little boy said he wanted to be a biologist.
All the best for the kids.
They are so young and already know each other and want to be biologists.
I am surprised at the education of these children.
I remember learning German from German children in those days.
The best way to learn a new language is to learn like children.
The best way to learn any language is to learn from children.
The adults made me nervous.
Children accept your mistakes and teach you without judgment.
It's so beautiful to see and hear children's voices and accents as they speak English.
It's so good to hear the little voices and accents of the kids as they speak Portuguese.
It's so good to see and hear the children's voices and accents while they speak English.
It's so cute to see and hear the little voices and accents of children as they speak French.
I used to speak Russian once.
Honestly, it's no help.
I said what she wanted to hear.
I told him what he wanted to hear.
My favorite languages ​​are English, French, Spanish, German, Japanese, Chinese, Portuguese.
And later, I want to study small rural businesses to help generate more opportunities.
And then I want to study small rural businesses to help create more opportunities.
When I was a child, I wanted to become a scientist, but now I'm studying International Trade.
As a child I wanted to become a scientist, but now I'm studying International Trade.
Islam is an Arabic word.
What is Islam?
He's not skilled in translation.
He's not really skilled in translation.
English is a very deficient language in this area.
In the Tifinagh alphabet, there are no capital letters.
Hold it tight!
How does one become a Muslim?
He's afraid to tell people he's a Muslim.
People don't know he's Muslim.
They're both Muslim.
They're both Muslims.
He wants to marry a Muslim woman.
We are Muslims and that's it.
We are Algerian and that's it.
She does not wear the hijab.
Do Muslim women have to wear the hijab?
The book was translated into Berber.
Mary doesn't want to eat anything I cook for her.
Don't be a bad loser.
Mom, are we going to live here?
I don't know his dog's name.
I don't know her dog's name.
He lives in Algiers.
My bitch's name is ...
Please, sir, the key to the house I rented two days ago.
Here, my daughter, the grieving woman answered quietly, turning to the doorman at the gate.
Her husband doesn't want her to wear the hijab.
You can't break the rules of Islam to please your husband.
Eating pork is against Islam.
Pork is forbidden in Islam.
Islam is in my heart.
The weak beats of my heart has limits.
He made shahada in a mosque.
He took his shahada in a mosque.
Yusuf Islam is into music.
He's into church music.
Don't play with Islam.
Donkey meat is forbidden in Islam.
He seemed to be interested.
Mary says she can swim.
I didn't spend much time in Algeria.
My parents came to Algeria when I was a child.
I remember doing so.
I remember doing so reluctantly.
I remember doing so quite reluctantly.
My parents moved to Algeria.
I grew up in Algeria.
Both my parents are Berber teachers.
Many Algerians migrate to Canada.
I did that after becoming a Muslim.
He carried the books to the mosque.
They adopted an Algerian boy whose name was Salas.
They took him to Algeria.
He continued his education in Algeria.
He was adopted by an Algerian family.
He got married in Canada before going to Algeria.
This is not permissible in Islam.
He is a quiet and shy Muslim.
He never said anything to us about Islam.
"What is he doing in the mosque?" "He's praying."
He never said anything about Islam.
They all ate pork.
He never said anything to us.
Music was the focus of my life.
He decided to go to Algeria to continue his education.
He studied sociology in Algeria.
After reading that book, he became more open to embrace Islam.
That book made him open to embrace Islam.
Mary said she can't swim.
Fernando told me I can't swim.
Mary told me I can't swim.
I decided to go back to Algeria.
I went to Algeria again.
I went to the Algerian embassy in London.
He has come to Algeria before.
I began to read the Quran.
Islam is a misunderstood religion.
Islam became a part of my life again.
Islam is a part of my life.
I had a lot of books about Islam.
He walked his bicycle into the warehouse.
I decided to accept Islam.
I began to study Islam.
I began to study Berber.
I returned to Algeria.
I started to focus on studying Islam.
Mary said she can swim.
I traveled to Algeria.
She's from Algeria.
I spent about four months in Algeria.
I spent another couple of weeks in Algeria.
I asked the imam some questions.
I asked the imam many questions.
Most Muslims are Sunnis.
My dog's name is Boby.
What's his dog's name?
He rented an apartment in Algiers.
I started to learn Berber from her.
What is his dog's name?
What's her dog's name?
I went to study in Algeria.
I went to study Berber in Algeria.
He was teaching Berber in Algeria.
She came back to Algeria.
He began teaching Berber in Algeria.
What is her dog's name?
He taught in Algeria for some time.
He studied in Algeria.
He was originally from Algeria.
He packed his bag and left Algeria.
He continued to teach Berber.
He continued to teach in Algeria.
What is the dog's name?
I began a PhD at the Algiers University.
I traveled to different parts of the Muslim world.
I don't know how their house is.
We traveled to different parts of Algeria.
I went to Algeria in 1994.
I gave lectures about Islam.
I don't know what their house is like.
We publish Islamic materials.
I don't know what their houses are like.
This book is an introduction to Islam.
Can you explain Islam to me?
I don't know how their houses are.
I don't know what her house is like.
I don't know how her house is.
He has never been exposed to Islam.
I don't know what his house is like.
I don't know how his house is.
What is their house like?
How is their house?
What is her house like?
How is her house?
How is your house?
How big is your house.
He spent most of his life in Kabylie, Algeria.
Where is your email?
Where is the email?
Mouloud Mammeri, an Algerian author and anthropologist, was a man of extraordinary energy and productivity.
What is the correct size?
What is the right size?
He doesn't deserve a Nobel Prize.
It's an Apple?
Is an Apple?
The Nazis rose to power in the beginning of the 1930's.
This is an Apple.
It's a pencil.
Is a pencil.
I think the people of France are very friendly, I hope to visit France one day.
I couldn't stop looking at his head, swaying from side to side.
Later I want to study small rural businesses to help create more opportunities for them to influence world trade.
As a child I would like to learn Chinese, but now I am learning English.
When I was a child, I would like to learn Chinese, but now I am learning English.
As a child I would love to learn Japanese, but now I am learning English and French.
When I was a child I would love to learn Japanese, but now I am learning English and French.
When I was little I wanted to be a lawyer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
As a child I wanted to be an engineer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
When I was a child I wanted to be an engineer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
As a child I wanted to be a doctor, but now I would like to be a translator or interpreter.
I have the impression that I look like a child when I speak English.
Have you ever done your homework?
Have you got any better?
Have you improved?
Good thing it wasn't with them.
Good thing he wasn't with them.
Good thing she wasn't with them.
Good thing it wasn't me.
Good thing it wasn't that way.
Good thing it was with them.
Good thing it was with him.
Good thing it was earlier.
Good thing it was the afternoon.
Good thing it was the night.
Good thing it was during the day.
Good thing it was today.
Good thing it was yesterday.
Good thing it didn't work out.
Good thing you didn't lie to her.
Good thing you didn't lie to them.
Good thing he didn't lie to me.
Good thing he didn't lie.
Good thing he spoke the whole truth.
Good thing she told the truth.
Good thing I told the truth.
Good thing they told the truth.
Good thing he told the truth.
We are still in doubt.
Good thing it worked.
Glad we got back in time.
I'm glad we got back in time.
Glad you gave time.
They played.
I'm glad you gave time.
Good thing no harm has happened to us.
Good thing God had mercy on us.
Good thing we're in storage.
Good thing we're protected.
Good thing you're happy.
Good thing you believed me.
Good thing everything is fine.
Good thing she's already gone.
Good thing he's already gone.
Good thing they left.
I'm glad they left.
I'm glad he's already gone.
I'm glad she's already gone.
I'm glad you believed me.
I'm glad everything is fine.
I'm glad we're protected.
I'm glad we're in storage.
Thank goodness God had mercy on us.
Tom tried to think happy thoughts.
She didn't tell us about that.
Tom didn't tell us about that.
Good thing they are alreary gone.
Tom thought that might be a possibility.
Tom thought that that might be a possibility.
Some of those rescued were pretty badly burned.
Some of those who were rescued were pretty badly burned.
Tom talked about how much he loved Mary.
I want to know what you plan on doing.
Good thing we're fine.
Good thing she left.
Good thing he left.
I'm glad that you believed me.
Good thing he's married.
I'm glad he's married.
Good thing she's married.
I'm glad she's married.
Good thing he's with me.
I'm glad he's with me.
Good thing they are here.
I'm glad they are here.
Good thing I came back.
Good thing she came back.
I'm glad she came back.
Good thing he came back.
I'm glad he came back.
Thank goodness it wasn't me.
Good thing they are better
Tom is a serial entrepreneur.
I'm glad they are better
Thank goodness they are better
Good thing he's doing better.
I'm glad he's doing better.
Good thing he's better.
Good thing she's doing better.
I'm glad she's doing better.
Good thing she's better
Don't let your children play with knives.
Tom quit his job as a corporate lawyer and decided to travel around the world.
Good thing you're feeling better.
Good thing you're doing better.
It is better to obey than sacrifice.
The best of God is yet to come.
We have to improve as soon as possible.
We have to get better soon.
God willing one day I'll get there.
God willing I'll get there.
Do you want to eat steak tonight?
God willing, everything will be all right.
God willing, I'll get better.
I'll get better, God willing.
I have to improve as soon as possible.
I have to get better soon.
Are you sure you are ok?
Do you still feel better?
Are you sure you are feeling better?
You need to improve as soon as possible.
You have to improve as soon as possible.
Are you sure that you're feeling better?
Are you sure you're feeling better?
Are you still better?
You must be much better, thank God.
You must be much better.
Have you been feeling better?
I am very happy to be part of your whole story.
It is just the beginning of millions of stories.
I'm very happy to be part of your story.
I am very happy to be part of your story.
I understand your motives for doing that.
I don't understand your motives for doing that.
There are easier ways to improve your English.
There is an easier way to improve your English.
How to improve my english?
How can I improve my English?
Is there any easier way to adopt to improve it?
They're going to take care of themselves.
Is there any easier way to adopt to improve my English?
How to improve my English, is there any easier way to adopt to improve?
How can I improve my English, is there any easier way to improve my English?
I think you can help me do my homework.
I think you can help me with something.
I think you can help me with this.
I think you have conditions to help me.
I think you can help me.
Everybody here knows that we won't be able to do that.
Everyone here knows we won't be able to do that.
Everybody here knows we won't be able to do that.
Everybody here knows we're Canadians.
Everyone here knows that we're Canadians.
Everyone here knows we're Canadians.
I sure hope it isn't true.
I sure hope it's not true.
I thought I'd work on that today.
Tom can draw as well as Mary.
Tom can draw as well as Mary can.
I wouldn't like to help those who don't need help.
I would like to help her.
I'd like to help her.
I would like to help him.
I'd like to help him.
We need three more cups.
I hope it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I hope that it's sunny tomorrow.
I hope that it'll be sunny tomorrow.
Let me pay my share of expenses.
I would like to help your family.
I'd like to help your family.
I would like to help your whole family.
I'd like to help your whole family.
I would like to help him and his whole family.
I'd like to help him and his whole family.
I would like to help too.
I'd like to help too.
If I was a millionaire, I would help many people.
If I was a millionaire, I would help several people.
If I was a millionaire, I'd help several people.
If I was a millionaire, It'd help many people.
If I were rich, I would help many people.
If I were rich, I'd help many people.
If I could, I would help many people.
If I could, I'd help many people.
If I were rich, I would help out many people.
If I could afford it, I'd help many people.
If I could, I would help everyone.
If I could, I'd help everyone.
I would like to help someone very special.
I'd like to help someone very special.
I would like to help a very special person for me.
I'd like to help a very special person for me.
I would like help.
I'd like help.
I want to help you a lot more.
I want to help you much more.
I want to help you with more things.
I would like to be able to help you.
I'd like to be able to help you.
Can I take my bags?
Can I help you take things?
Can I help you carry your things?
Can I take your things?
Could you take this for me to my car please?
Could you take this to me to the car please?
Could you help me get to my car, please?
Can you help me take this please?
Can you help me with this please?
Could you help me with this please?
Could you help me please?
Would you like to help her?
Would you like to help someone?
I can help more people.
You should help more people.
Would you like help?
You want me to help you?
Can I help you with anything else?
Who cares if Tom does that?
I'm still their neighbor.
I'm still her neighbor.
I'm still his neighbor.
I'm still by his house.
Tom doesn't know about Mary's relationship with John.
I'm still by her house.
I have four aces.
I'm still living in her house.
I'm still by the house.
I'm still at the neighbor's house.
How could something like this have gone unnoticed?
It was a lot of fun singing with the kids at the orphanage.
I'm still next to her house.
I'm still next to his house.
I'm still beside his house.
I'm still beside her house.
Did you get a lot of bids?
I'm still on the side her house.
I'm still on the side his house.
Tom owns a lot of properties.
Tom owns a lot of property.
I'm still at my cousin's house.
I'm still at Tom's.
I'm still at Tom's place.
I'm still at Tom's house.
I don't have any proof to the contrary.
Tom fell into deep depression.
I'm fed up with everything and everybody.
Let's talk about ways that we might prevent this from happening in the future.
That sounds incredible, doesn't it?
Tom is really clueless.
Where are the candidates?
Tom caught malaria when he was traveling in Africa.
Tom caught malaria while he was traveling in Africa.
Tom said he had nothing to do with the theft.
How about you respond to that?
Why don't you respond to that?
It's like a war zone here.
Tom always tries to help people.
What would you do with a million dollars?
I hear that there are people in Japan that keep penguins as pets.
I don't think we'll have any problem raising the money we need.
Tom shot Mary with a revolver.
I always order the daily special when I eat at this restaurant.
I didn't like the plot of that movie.
We had on too much clothing.
We had too much clothing on.
I thought Tom would want to watch the ships leaving.
I thought Tom would want to work on the plumbing.
Tom ate a handful of nuts from the bowl on the bar.
What do those markings mean?
Were you the one who ate my sandwich?
We weren't exactly posing.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Tom has been hunting for a job ever since he lost his job last year.
I was just wondering if Tom had ever been over to your house for dinner.
When Tom was eighteen, he decided he wanted to become a soldier.
When we started in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
Can you tell me how to get to the American Embassy?
My grandmother has gotten very old.
We returned to camp before dark.
We went back to camp before dark.
Did you notice anything different?
Have you noticed anything different?
Tom is courteous to everybody.
Tom wasn't interested in anything else.
I don't live in the same neighborhood anymore.
Do what you can do.
Do whatever you can do.
Nobody talks about that.
Guess what I'm doing.
Is it true that you speak French?
Is it true that you can speak French?
Is it true you speak French?
Is it true you can speak French?
There is no screaming and shouting in mosques.
I became a Muslim because I wanted to.
He has to learn Berber.
A river runs through the valley.
The ship has three decks.
What do you have first period?
The flight leaves in the morning.
There was a long line at every cash register.
They have misgiven the information.
Who is their father?
Have you ever read the Quran?
Have you ever read the Quran from the beginning to the end?
My field of specialty is Berber dialectology.
His field of specialty is Berber translation.
Her field of specialty is Berber linguistics.
Muhammad, peace and blessings of God be upon him, was a man of example.
I don't have any tattoos.
I told you she would pay for it. What goes around comes around.
Now he is the victim of his own policies. What goes around comes around.
We can't make a decision yet.
He studied the Berber language.
The Bible is not a textually perfect book.
He left Islam completely.
Forgiveness comes from God.
He had his doubts about Islam.
He studied Judaism.
Do you have a copy of the Quran?
Islam is a true religion.
There was a piece of glass stuck in my hand.
I drove to Algiers.
He needed to be in Algiers.
God has a purpose for your life.
God has something for you.
He studied his Bible.
He went back to Christianity.
She went back to Judaism.
The Quran is a book of God.
This is how Muslims pray.
He has never heard about Islam.
There is a book about Islam in the library.
Why aren't you a Muslim?
He read the Quran.
What you do badly here on earth, you will reap later.
Every mosque should be like that.
There is a gas station and a mosque there.
They invited me into the mosque.
He didn't want to go into the mosque.
The imam seems nice.
He started to explain the Quranic verses in Berber.
He started to explain the hadith in Berber.
He started to translate the Quran into Berber.
He translated everything to me into Berber.
Allah will forgive you.
God will forgive your sins.
Tell them that God will forgive them.
He wants an Algerian.
Do Muslims have a holy book?
Muslims have a holy book called the Quran.
He took the Quran home.
He gave me a Quran.
I opened the Quran and read the Fatiha.
I started to read the Quran.
Abraham is mentioned in the Quran.
Abraham, Moses, and Jesus are mentioned in the Quran.
He read the Quran entirely in four days.
I want to take my glasses off.
I need to take my glasses off.
How many times do I have to tell you. What you do here, you pay here.
It's never too late to give up.
Sunny days are prevalent here.
We left our dog in the hall.
How much time do we need?
I have never been to the sea.
Our dog is thirteen.
I wanted to buy myself a motorbike, but my wife talked me out of it.
I was walking through a forest at night.
But if I don't do it too, how can I help you?
This program protects our online privacy by uncovering trackers while we browse the Web.
Why don't you get it over with?
Why don't you just do it now and get it over with?
You don't have to do it alone.
I'll do it now and get it over with.
Why don't we just do it now and get it over with?
Selecting a college or university from the thousands in the U.S. can be mind-boggling.
U.S. News & World Report published its first “America’s Best Colleges” report in 1983, and many schools use those rankings to promote themselves. However, some educators have questioned the published rankings and how useful they are.
The rankings have been known to create ethical problems, as institutions misreport data or otherwise seek to manipulate their ranking.
U.S. actress Felicity Huffman has been sentenced to days in prison for her role in a wide-ranging U.S. college admissions cheating scandal.
The former "Desperate Housewives'' television star was also given a $30,fine and hours of community service.
Huffman is the first parent sentenced among people charged in the scandal, in which wealthy parents paid bribes to ensure their children were accepted into prominent U.S. universities.
In some cases, the bribes were paid to college athletic team coaches who labeled the students as recruited athletes even though they did not play the sport.
This not an unsolvable problem.
You've proved your point.
What does a girl have to do to get your attention?
What does a guy have to do to get your attention?
The woman slowly turned her face.
Has Tom kissed you yet?
Has he kissed you yet?
Have you kissed Mary yet?
Mary hoped that Tom would have the courage to kiss her.
Mary hoped that Tom would summon up the courage to kiss her.
Everyone pronounces my name wrong.
Everyone pronounces Tom's name wrong.
Why don't you feel happy?
Why don't I feel happy?
Tom dedicated his book to Mary.
Tom dedicated his book to his wife.
Leeches are still used in medicine today.
The goat bleated.
Tell me, how can I help you?
What can I do for her?
What can I do for him?
What can I do for his life?
What can I do for her life?
Tom sat on the steps of Mary's house.
What can I do for their lives?
What can I do for your life?
Tom lives close to nature.
Tom wants to live close to nature.
Tom wanted to live close to nature.
Tom and Mary wanted to live closer to nature.
I can't help you for now.
This wood has a very nice grain.
Tom slept in his truck.
I can't help you with anything.
I can't help you at all.
Tom mailed the check.
The check got lost in the mail.
I'm sorry. The check must have got lost in the mail.
I don't think this is the problem at all.
Tell me, how can I help her?
Tell me, how can I help him?
But if I don't do it too, how can I help her?
But if I don't do it too, how can I help him?
Help me I help you.
Whether you lick them or not, they will soften you by shriveling your brain, even by breaking your neck.
I'm still near the neighbor's house.
I'm still next to the neighbor's house.
I'm still near your house.
I'm still next to your house.
I'm still near their house.
I want to hear the whole story. Don't skip any details.
I'm still next to their house.
What could I possibly help you with?
What could possibly help you?
What could possibly show you?
What could I possibly show you?
Anyway, how can I help you?
How can I help you, anyway?
Anyway, how can I help?
How can I help, anyway?
After all, how can I help you?
After all, how can I help them?
After all, how can I help her?
After all, how can I help him?
After all, how can I help it?
Things were different back then.
That's how things were back then.
Tom talked to the operator to make a phone call.
Tom talked to the operator to make a long distance phone call.
Can you live for a week without deadlines?
Love is blind just like hate.
It almost brought me to tears.
We've started eating.
Did someone shoot at us?
After my sixth business failed, my friends and family mocked me and kicked me mercilessly when I was depressed.
I can go there provided I return before the 5th.
We exchanged telephone numbers.
Now I am in business venture number and this one starts to get high returns after months.
I hope anyone reading this knows that entrepreneurship is not for the weak.
I was fired during the recession and never came back.
At the time my wife got pregnant and I was terrified.
Tom is a vexillologist.
“Just like that,” she said, having risen from a kneeling position and turning her face, flushed from blowing to kindle a fire, to the motionless woman. “I’ve lit a fire, and it will be warmer and brighter for you directly.”
You really like talking to her, don't you?
I'm wearing a pair of new shoes.
Who told you this town was built in a day?
Tom usually doesn't eat anything before he goes on stage.
We've written to them.
We wrote to them.
I've never really seen it.
My older brother was the one who taught me how to drive.
I did that just a few seconds ago.
Tom is quite upset.
What are some culture shocks you experienced in Germany?
I won't pay you that much.
Does your sister know how to play the piano?
Did you ride your bicycle to school today?
I'll never eat chicken anymore.
My parents usually take naps after lunch.
Is it true Tom got arrested?
Is it true that Tom got arrested?
Tom said there was nobody in there.
Tom said that there was nobody in there.
Can I borrow your ladder?
May I borrow your ladder?
Would you mind if I borrowed your ladder?
Would it be OK if I borrowed your ladder?
Can I borrow your chainsaw tomorrow?
Can you sing any songs in French?
I was disappointed at seeing him there as I don't like him.
It is good that you can correct your sentences.
Don't interrupt when others are talking.
Tom said that there was no one in there.
Tom said there was no one in there.
I am going to work in the garden tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I am going to work in the garden.
I was accused of stealing sand from a building site, which is not true. I didn't steal anything.
If it is nice tomorrow, I will be working in the garden.
I would have finished the sentence, if you hadn't interrupted me.
If I had boarded that plane, I would be dead now.
After thirty years, she's still the most beautiful woman for me.
Don't translate it literally.
The way Americans speak and write sometimes is totally different from our language.
Therefore we must pay close attention when writing or typing any sentence in Portuguese.
Therefore we must be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
It's not nice sometimes to translate it literally.
It's not cool sometimes to translate it literally.
Observe the structures of native English and draw your conclusions.
If I were you, I wouldn't translate it literally.
Religion doesn't guarantee unity.
Religion is a source of conflict in the world.
Religion causes war.
Religion is an evil that can be cured by Cartesian knowledge.
Religion leads to darkness.
The potatoes are overcooked.
Human religion is more open than divine religion.
I just want to help you, maybe I can call a cab for you.
Religion is like cancer; after metastasis there is no cure.
Today, I am happier than ever.
years later, I would not think of returning.
That's why we should be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
In Islam, having sex outside of marriage leads to death.
Therefore we should be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
Therefore we should pay attention when writing or typing any sentence in Portuguese language.
All the divine religions in the world defend the concept of Holy War.
I refused to give up and started making money in many ways.
It is high time you realized that you hurt her.
It is high time that you realized that you hurt her.
It is high time for you to realize that you hurt her.
It's a lie that her pen was not under the table.
It's a lie, because his pen was not under the table.
Her pen was not under the table.
His pen was not under the table.
His pen was under the table.
Her pen was under the table.
It's because her pen was under the table.
Your pen was under the table.
I found your pen under the table.
It's because your pen was under the table.
It's because I found your pen under the table.
Who do you have the present for?
For whom is the present?
Our company was founded in by my great grandfather.
'I'll be back soon' was written by hand on a piece of paper affixed to the office door.
Last week we worked day and night, that needs a change!
The brain thinks, life goes on.
The brain thinks that life is distracting.
Machine translations are not always precise.
She did not mind.
He did not mind.
Tom did not mind.
Compassion is the most altruistic form of love.
I am discouraged from translating into English.
I wonder what is wrong with my sentences.
Write it to me in a sentence.
Tom is very clueless about things.
Tom is very clueless.
This translation is inaccurate.
This translation is incorrect and misleading.
Tom and Mary walked through the sculpture garden.
Tom and Mary walked around the sculpture park.
It looks like a machine translation.
It's because his pen was under the table.
I would never go on a hunger strike for anything.
My wife asked me what I would have for lunch.
You should practise your English more.
I believe that English sentences will always predominate on Tatoeba.
I told my son that he couldn't eat sweets all the time.
At dawn, the temperature will go down.
Those who arrive last will lose.
It seems that I was sleeping.
I have not finished paying off my loan.
Your hair isn't well styled.
We're at the same crossroads.
You always say maybe.
Because you want it.
It's very late, I should already be in bed.
Put oil on your skin.
You're in China.
He doesn't love anyone.
They will present me with the annual accounts.
They attacked immediately.
I have the money that you're talking about.
I was not the only one who saw him beating his wife.
I wasn't the only one to see him beating his wife.
Tom threw a glass of water in his face.
Tom threw a glass of water in Mary's face.
Mary threw a glass of water in Tom's face.
Tom threw a glass of water on his face.
Tom threw a glass of water on Mary's face.
Mary threw a glass of water on Tom's face.
Tom threw a glass of cold water in Mary's face.
Mary threw a glass of cold water in Tom's face.
Tom threw a glass of water at Mary.
Mary threw a glass of water at Tom.
Tom washed his face with a napkin.
Tom washed his face with a tablecloth.
Tom wiped his face with his shirt.
Tom grabbed a chair and threw it across the room.
The illegal loggers were arrested by the police.
Everything that could go wrong did.
Tom likes puzzles.
Tom likes brainteasers.
This translation is misleading.
You can't let him have his way all the time.
You can't let her have her way all the time.
You can't let Tom have his way all the time.
You can't let Mary have her way all the time.
I won't wear this.
This is a legal gray area.
I am tired of explaining to everybody why I am the way I am.
Yes, I would like it very much.
I wish I could speak English with confidence.
Let us pay tribute to MoḥYa, so as not to forget, he who perhaps listens to us, since he lives so far through his words, for eternity.
I would like to be able to speak English with confidence.
I would like to speak English with confidence.
I would like to learn to speak English with confidence.
Would you like to be able to speak English with confidence?
Would you like to speak English with confidence?
Do you want to learn to speak English with confidence?
No questions.
He was bumped up from the thrid grade to the fourth.
I like Algeria.
He fixed cars in the street.
He became disillusioned with his life in France.
He doesn't want to talk about what's going on in Algeria.
They talked about Islam.
Of course, why not?
He is not a Muslim extremist.
Yennayer is a public holiday in Algeria.
Yennayer is a national holiday in Algeria.
Eat, otherwise you'll be hungry!
No doubt! You're totally right.
Why was that funny?
"Why is that funny?" "I don't know. It just is."
Computers make calculations.
Without a doubt! You are absolutely right.
This town is surrounded by walls.
Tom did not do well on the test.
Tom did well on the test.
Let's just do it and get it over with.
I'm not sure that's such a good idea.
It's an honor to be invited to Algeria.
Nobody knows him in Algeria.
How did he become a Muslim?
He converted from Christianity to Islam.
He converted from atheism to Islam.
Are you trying to convert me to Islam?
He never became a Muslim.
He found a copy of the Quran in the middle of his desk.
He didn't want to talk about Islam anymore.
Here is a copy of the Quran.
This is a Berber translation of the Holy Quran.
I have already read the Quran four times.
The Quran doesn't have a human author. It's God's book.
The Quran doesn't have a human author. It's the book of God.
Tom plays bridge.
Tom and Mary are bridge partners.
I found the answers to my questions in the Quran.
He kept on reading the Quran.
The Quran has an interesting style.
I knew this was a stupid idea.
This was a stupid idea.
I heard there was a mosque on campus, so I went to visit it.
I converted to Islam thanks to a Jewish student that taught me everything about this religion.
The mosque is across the parking lot.
I stared at the mosque.
Why did you do it if you knew it was stupid?
Would you like to learn about Islam?
She wore a traditional Kabyle dress.
What do you want to know about Islam?
I read several books about Islam.
They're Muslim but they're dressed in Western clothing.
I was ready to leave the mosque.
I work at the university. I am in the Berber language department.
What does it feel like to be a Muslim?
Can you tell me what it feels like to be a Muslim?
He lowered his head and muttered something to himself.
Do you want to become a Muslim?
He came to the mosque to ask some questions.
His parents are Algerian.
His brother wants to become a Muslim.
He explained to his mother why he became a Muslim.
He explained to his mother why he converted to Islam.
He whispered the shahada.
He said the shahada very slowly.
Repeat the shahada after me.
I became a Muslim.
This is how I became a Muslim.
Please give me my bag.
You hid my purse.
You hid my bag.
Please give me my purse.
I want my purse.
I want my bag.
This is a Berber language show.
Where in Algeria did you come from?
You are originally from Algeria, aren't you?
My parents are from Algeria.
My parents were born in Algeria.
My parents and grandparents were born in Algeria.
Tell me right away, where is my bag?
Tell me right now, where is my bag?
He used to go to the mosque a lot.
His father used to go to the mosque a lot.
Tell me immediately, where is my bag?
He comes from Algeria.
You come from Algeria, don't you?
To become Muslim, you need to make your shahada.
There is a mosque there.
There is a mosque right there.
He was learning about Islam.
He started to go to the mosque more and more.
He is going to the mosque.
He is coming to the mosque.
I left Algeria to go and study in the UK.
Islam will make you a better person.
He spends a lot of time in the mosque.
She is a new Muslim.
Is Islam difficult?
I think I forgot my bag at home.
My bag must be with them.
My bag must be with her.
My purse must be with him.
My bag must be at home.
My bag must be in her car.
My bag must be in the car.
I don't feel like eating Chinese food today.
I told you I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
Hey, what was that for?
A few days ago I had a conversation with one of my students in the United States.
I'm so grateful to work here every day.
Of course, everybody wants to win.
This is above my pay grade.
How can I tell if somebody likes me?
She told me that she studied English for many years.
She was telling me that she had been studying English for many years.
She told me she had been studying English for many years.
Everybody was looking for you.
Everybody is looking for you.
We like the same kind of music.
She knew many vocabulary words, but for some reason she was not able to speak English like a native English speaker.
He bought books and knew many vocabulary words.
She had bought books and knew many vocabulary words.
Basically she wasn't able to speak English in real life.
She wasn't able to speak English in real life.
He was not able to speak English in real life.
So whose are these notebooks?
No, these notebooks are not mine.
Are these notebooks all yours?
I had to leave there by 2:30.
Believe me, it hasn't been going well for a long time!
I'm giving you all these books as a gift.
I'm giving you all these books.
Now all these books are yours.
All these books are yours.
These notebooks are yours.
Of course they are mine.
Of course it's mine.
These notebooks are mine.
These notebooks are all mine.
You told me you were only friends.
There was nothing anyone could do.
There was nothing that anybody could do.
I'm tired of pretending to be someone I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be someone that I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be somebody that I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be somebody I'm not.
I won't pretend to be somebody I'm not.
I won't pretend to be somebody that I'm not.
I won't pretend to be someone that I'm not.
Tom went to a thrift shop.
You told me you were just friends.
You told me that you were just friends.
He won't come tonight.
How did you become rich?
How did you get to be so rich?
We're not allowed to fish in this river.
We aren't allowed to fish in this river.
I must come tomorrow.
I have to come tomorrow.
I have to be here tomorrow.
I run faster than Tom.
I can run faster than Tom can.
Can you help me fold the clothes?
I need to hurry.
What are you going to put there?
We want to be successful.
I've got all my confidence back now.
I'll show you how to catch a fish.
Can I have your autograph, please?
I bought some pizza.
I've brought you lunch today.
We'd better get our raincoats.
Is Tom a very good saxophone player?
You can do it!
Make it happen!
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
You can reach your goals!
If you can dream about something, you can also make it come true.
Believe in yourself!
You can do anything!
Think big!
If you can dream it, you can also make it come true.
That's the way the world works.
I don't find this funny.
I don't find this funny at all.
I would like to travel abroad.
The house is over a hundred years old.
The house is more than hundred years old.
I have many gift ideas for birthdays.
I'm reading the most interesting book in my library.
I'm reading the most interesting books in my library.
I bought myself a Hungarian textbook.
I'm sorry for my actions.
It's a very strange place.
I would need a good teacher of Hungarian.
Everyone has signed a contract.
The rain didn't stop.
A goal without a plan is only a wish.
She divorced him for my sake.
She divorced him on my account.
Give me some time to let it sink in.
Can't you speak English yet?
I am looking for a good Hungarian textbook.
I was looking for a good Hungarian textbook.
It took me some time to find what I was looking for.
Maybe you have always experienced the same thing.
Speak English with those you understand.
Don't speak English with those who don't understand.
It was not meant to speak English now.
It wasn't supposed to speak English now.
Now you can speak English.
You can't speak English.
You cannot speak English yet.
For some reason, you still can't speak English.
But for some reason, you still can't speak English in real life situations.
He saw that I was beside myself.
But for some reasons, you still can't speak Portuguese in real life situations.
You still recognize many vocabulary words.
You know many vocabulary words.
You know a lot of vocabulary words, but for some reason you still can't speak English in certain real life situations.
You still recognize many vocabulary words, but for some reason you still can't speak English in real life situations.
I will already be fifty next year.
I watch a movie or documentary almost every day.
I cannot speak French or Italian.
My dad is more powerful than yours.
Mary liked them immediately.
My dad is older than yours.
I can speak neither French nor Italian.
An exception can only exist if you first recognize a rule.
There's a blue stain on your trousers. I think it's ink.
Neither my wife nor my children knew about that.
How do I know you won't steal them?
He recognised me to be a more experienced driver.
If I arrive home, I'll call you on Messenger.
Open your mind to new knowledge.
Tom didn't get what he asked for.
Always keep an open mind for new knowledge.
Knowledge is everything to me.
Knowledge is everything in this life.
The thief can steal everything you have, but can never steal your knowledge.
Reading stimulates the brain, your mind becomes more active and intelligent.
Reading has always been important to our brain.
Don't despise reading, read enough books.
A book can change your life.
Starting today, I want you to start reading many books.
Don't read random books.
Finished reading a book, read another, and so on.
Starting today, I want you to read many books.
Feed your mind with important information.
An empty mind is the devil's workshop.
When someone goes out of themselves and returns to normal, they cannot remember anything.
Where did you get these old coins?
Maybe she was out of her mind.
Maybe she was beside herself.
He realized that he was beside himself.
I don't like being commanded.
The movie I'm going to watch today scares me, so I left the bathroom light on.
No one knows what really happens.
It will be cold at night. At least wear a long-sleeved shirt.
You must wear at least one long-sleeved shirt.
When will the next issue of the magazine be released?
I was scared of the movie I saw today, so I turned on the bathroom light.
It's not cold tonight.
Was this man not a communist?
It would be nice if there was a Portuguese version.
He asked her to pay her bills.
I think we're in agreement.
He asked her to pay her expenses.
I read this in today's issue.
Your expenses are much higher than your income.
I bought a new razor.
Your expenses are well above your income.
I was angry: I began to go crazy!
There is still time to chase your dreams.
We are living the last days.
It can happen over time.
Good thing you showed up.
Good thing you got it.
Good thing you're fine.
Good thing you're with her.
Good thing you're here.
Good thing she didn't come.
Good thing they didn't come today.
Good thing he didn't come today.
I prefer the big one over the small one.
I'm glad she didn't come.
I'm glad you got it.
I'm glad you're fine.
I'm glad you're with her.
I'm glad they didn't come today.
I'm glad he didn't come today.
You could have helped me.
You could have done more for her.
You could have done more for him.
You could have given me more time to sort things out.
You could have given me more time to solve my things.
You could come here more often.
You could have chosen this one.
You could have passed college.
You could have spent in college.
Whoever walks backward collapses.
You could have dropped all the plates.
You could have warned me before.
I hope you don't disappoint me.
I hope you are telling the truth.
I hope you don't repeat this again.
I hope you speak the truth.
I hope it doesn't happen anymore.
You could also help me fill out this form.
Could you please fill out this form for me?
Could you do me a favor by filling out this form?
Could you help me fill out this form?
Could you fill out this form please?
Good thing all the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Laila's son was born in this clinic.
I've heard that the safest thing in a storm is to stand under a tree.
That's enough for today, there's no bus ride anymore.
I think there must be a bus ride here.
Could you fill out this form, please?
Could you fill this out, please?
What made you so sad?
You can do it now, sir.
My mother and father have a big farm there.
My parents have a big farm there.
My father is still in bed.
I'll call you at eight tomorrow morning.
Making model airplanes is interesting.
Making model airplanes is fun.
Why don't you slow down a bit?
I hope you're telling the truth.
I hope that you're telling the truth.
I had good reason to do that.
Why are you chasing me?
I wish I'd waited.
I knew that I'd be busy today.
Are you interested in going to Boston with me next weekend?
I've been here since 2013.
Did someone ask you not to do that?
What sounds do bats make?
How much did your house cost?
Were you able to figure out how Tom did that?
We need to fight for what's right.
I am Kabyle.
We don't know what'll happen the future.
We'll probably have to wait another three days.
We need to buy some vegetables.
Don't forget you're spending my money.
Don't forget that you're spending my money.
Did you know that right from the beginning?
Don't use that tone of voice with me.
Do you think it'll fit here?
He wasn't exactly a man so much as he was a boy.
If someone knows, please gimme a tip.
If anyone knows, please give me a tip.
If anyone knows that, you'll have me to deal with.
if anyone knows that, you'll have me to deal with!
If anyone knows anything, please let me know.
If anyone knows that, you're going to deal with me.
If you don't do that, you'll have me to deal with.
Wow, he have a stinky feet when he take off his socks.
When Antony takes off his shoes, his feet stinks so much so that even amazes the cockroaches.
You'll have me to deal with!
You will see what is good for coughing!
You're going to deal with me.
You will be dealing with me!
You're going to have to deal with me!
Mary hissed like a cat.
We teach boys and girls.
He is the head of the house.
I would like red wine.
Have you wrapped up her presents yet?
I do not look my age.
I wonder why you would like so much to learn English.
Why would you like to learn English so much?
My dream is to be able to know the United States one day.
My dream is to know the United States one day.
I would like to learn English to know other different cultures.
I would like to learn English to have more freedom to be able to travel the world.
I wonder why you would love so much to learn English.
I look much younger than I am.
I would like to learn English to know the United States.
I would like to learn English to have a better resume in the job market.
I would like to learn English to know other cultures.
I would like to learn English to be able to communicate with the whole world.
I would like to learn English for work.
I would like to learn English to know new cultures.
I would like to learn English to know other cultures around the world.
I would like to learn English for several reasons.
I would like to learn English for international travel.
I would like to learn English for job opportunities.
I wonder why you would like to learn English.
Why would you like to learn English?
I will meet some friends.
I'm going to meet some friends.
I will do some tests.
It appears to be a machine translation.
I'm going to do some tests.
I'm going to the mall to shopping.
I'm going to the mall to do some shopping.
I'm going for a job interview.
I'm going to a work meeting.
Who are you meeting tomorrow with?
Who are you going to meet tomorrow with?
I will meet my family.
She pleaded not guilty in court.
I'm going to meet my family.
I'm going to meet her.
Who are you meeting tonight?
I'll meet tonight.
I'm going to meet tonight.
Open the book.
May I have a shower?
I will meet with them.
Everybody calmed down.
I'm going to meet with them.
She was very restless.
I'm going to meet him.
She went to meet a friend.
I am getting off at the next stop.
I will get off at the next stop.
He went to meet a friend.
I will meet a friend.
I'm going to meet a friend.
He would be surprised if he saw you.
Who are you going to meet?
What did you give to her?
Who are you meeting?
I don't remember how this word is spelled.
Why am I not surprised by that?
I lack money.
Will you meet with me?
Are you going to meet with me?
Who are you going meet?
Are you really meeting me?
I don't like going out when it is cold.
What would you do if you were fired tomorrow?
My cousin wants to get divorced.
Is mankind riding for a fall?
I had a headache yesterday.
I am glad that I learned it.
I am glad to have learnt that.
I am glad that you have returned.
I am glad that you came back.
I'm glad I learned it.
A friend of mine gave it to me.
Good thing I learned from you.
I'm glad I learned from you.
I'm glad to have learned from you.
I'm glad I learned English.
Good thing I learned English.
If it hadn't been for her help, I would never have passed the exam.
I'm glad I learned English from you.
But for her help, I wouldn't have passed the exam.
Good thing I learned the correct English.
I'm glad to have learned correct English.
If it weren't for her help, I would never have passed the exam.
There is still time to sort out your things.
There is still time to realize your dreams.
There is still time to make your dreams come true.
There is still time to go back.
He put his finger up and took the shahada.
He put his finger up and made the shahada.
I want to learn English faster.
Could you give me more time to sort out my stuff?
I would like to learn faster.
He edged his chair back and rose.
He could see small glimpses of light through the window.
He read a pile of book about Islam.
Islam is an amazing religion.
Ramadan is the month of the Quran.
Time has suddenly changed.
A very strong storm came and dragged everything ahead.
A storm came suddenly.
He helped me to understand Islam.
This book helped me to understand Islam.
A storm came out of nowhere.
I lived in Algiers for approximately years.
He started reading books on Islam.
Islam is interesting.
Islam is the truth.
Islam is an interesting religion.
Before I converted to Islam, I was living in darkness.
He's a good Muslim.
Maybe he's Muslim.
Maybe this guy is Muslim.
"What religion do you follow?" "Islam."
I want to be Muslim.
What do you know about Islam?
I have just read a book about Islam.
I love Islam.
Islam is our religion.
Is there a bus ride here?
Do they have bus rides here?
She did not fill out the form.
He has not filled out the form yet.
She already filled out the entire form.
He is almost done filling out the form.
She has not completed this form yet.
I've already filled out the whole form.
I've already filled out the form.
She already filled out the form.
He became a Berber teacher at the age of 24.
He knew Berber.
He already filled out the form.
He has already filled out the form.
He gave me a book about Islam.
He started reading about Islam.
I already filled out the whole form.
I already filled out the form.
Mecca is where the house of God is.
Islam is the true religion of God.
He has already completed this form.
She has already completed this form.
He has already completed the form.
She has already completed the form.
He wanted to go to a mosque.
He went to a mosque.
There was a mosque there.
It was the only mosque in the area.
It was the only mosque in the neighborhood.
It's the only mosque in town.
He was teaching in that mosque.
He gave her the shahada in a mosque.
It's his first visit to Algeria.
Has she already completed the form?
Has he already completed the form?
Has she already filled out the form?
Has he already filled out the form?
Has he filled out the form?
Has she filled out this form?
Has he filled out this form?
Has he completed the form?
Has she completed the form?
Has he completed this form?
Has she completed this form?
People flatter the elephant and trample the ant.
Money is like sea water. The more we drink the thirstier we become.
Have you already brushed your teeth?
Everyone voted for it.
Everybody voted for it.
Do you grow pumpkins?
When do examinations start?
Can you recommend a good motel in this area?
I've seen that guy somewhere.
What is your wallet?
Some of them are mine.
Don't skip classes, OK?
Don't skip classes.
Do you go to school on Mondays?
How can you tell Tom from John?
Do you know where I put my hat?
Do you know where I put my cell phone?
Do you know where I put my wallet?
Do you know where I put my key?
It's the only one on your right.
Can I have salsa with that?
Most of them are from here.
When was the last time you had a day off?
When was the last time that you had a day off?
Can you speak French as well as you speak English?
Can you help me get that box down from the top shelf?
Do you know where my hat is?
Do you know where my cell phone is?
Tom got cut from the team.
Tom has a satellite phone.
Tom called Mary on his satellite phone.
Tom used his satellite phone to call Mary.
Tom got a call on his satellite phone.
Tom got a call from Mary on his satellite phone.
Can I go with you the next time you go to Boston?
Don't you think Tom is kind of handsome?
Don't you think that Tom is kind of handsome?
Where were you when that happened?
We're not planning on doing that anytime soon.
We're not planning to do that anytime soon.
Can you ski as well as Tom?
Can you ski as well as Tom can?
Don't just show up at my place without calling first.
Please don't leave me again.
I'd prefer not to.
I'd prefer not to do that now.
I'd prefer to leave early.
Where do you see yourself three years from now?
Would you mind if I took my shirt off? It's really hot in here.
Would you mind if I took off my shirt? It's really hot in here.
Don't forget to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Can we do this again next Monday?
Don't worry. We have plenty of food and water.
Everybody, please calm down.
I had three dogs.
Can you speak French and English?
Everyone, please calm down.
I've been a teacher for thirty years.
I've been a teacher for years.
Aren't you disrespectful?
We all sat down at the table and started talking.
Don't worry. I'll let you know where to turn.
I've just turned 30.
I started playing the clarinet when I was thirteen.
I started playing the clarinet when I was thirteen years old.
Put the package on the table.
I climbed Mt. Fuji.
Have you spoken to Tom about that?
Can you get this stain out of my shirt?
Which shelf should I put this book on?
How far are we from downtown?
Can you really fall in love with someone you've never met?
How can I learn English faster?
"You're still here?" "Yeah, look at this!"
Will you help me decorate the room?
How safe is Australia?
Have you been to the Canadian embassy website?
Don't just stand around. Lend a hand.
Have you eaten anything Tom cooked?
Have you ever read any novels by a Canadian author?
Have you ever driven Tom's car?
I can't fit that in my suitcase.
I don't know any more.
I earn $a day.
I earn three hundred dollars a day.
I wish that I had someone to talk to.
I wish that I had somebody to talk to.
Can you locate where we are on the map for me?
Have you found anyone to babysit Tom tonight?
I swallowed a fly.
Can you put that into French?
What do you do on Mondays?
Can you meet me at 2:on Monday afternoon?
We have to finish this job tonight.
That's not to my liking.
I'll get there before you do.
Where did you learn to throw that curveball?
I couldn't stop doing that.
How far's the airport from here?
I've got a three-year-old son.
When was the last time you ate spaghetti?
Will you go sailing this afternoon?
We're taking two spare tires.
Don't let Tom do anything you think is unsafe.
Don't let Tom do anything that you think is unsafe.
Don't do anything that I wouldn't do.
Make sure you get this done before you go home.
Make sure that you get this done before you go home.
The jokes you told us the other day weren't very funny.
The jokes that you told us the other day weren't very funny.
If I leave my suitcase here, will you watch it for me?
Can you play the oboe as well as you play the clarinet?
When was the last time that you were here?
Put a little oil into the pan.
We'll get there on time.
Make sure that you don't get on the wrong bus.
Make sure you don't get on the wrong bus.
Can you help me Monday afternoon?
Where's the picnic going to be?
Do you have this number memorized?
I've just started reading this book.
Did you study French last year?
Don't let anyone else read this letter.
Don't let anybody else read this letter.
Can we say no to Tom?
Can I carve the turkey?
It has been more than two years since he left home and so far has not returned.
It's been two months since he left home and so far nothing.
He left home yesterday. So far nothing.
Tomorrow we have to make another appointment.
My mother was very sick, but thank God, she's much better now.
I didn't go to work today, because my brother went to the hospital with my mother.
My brother just arrived from the hospital.
My brother went to make an appointment for my mother.
My brother went to the hospital with my mother.
It has been more than two years since she left home and has not returned.
We haven't seen each other for over two years.
It's been over two years since we saw each other.
It's been over two years since I saw my mother.
I haven't seen my mother in over two years.
Don’t get smart with me!
It's been over five years since we've seen each other.
The news was so shocking for him that he spilled the teacup on the white shirt.
Surely Maria does not live alone?
New York is both a city and a state.
He considered himself Muslim.
I love Cat Stevens because he converted to Islam.
We haven't seen each other in over five years.
Football isn't just a game.
Maybe I will have to cut the grass once again.
If someone was looking for a good tool for learning a foreign language, I would recommend Tatoeba to them.
We need to understand that we are still learning.
The best student is the one who accepts the correction.
The worst student is the one who does not accept the correction.
People's biggest problem is that they often fail to recognize their own mistakes.
The big problem with people is that they often don't recognize their mistakes.
There are people who stop at nothing to get their way.
Do you follow advice from others?
A fairy is dancing on the lakeside.
I would like to learn English faster.
I want to learn faster.
I want to learn to speak English faster.
I want to learn languages ​​faster.
I hope everything goes back to normal.
I hope everything goes well in your life.
I hope you get well as soon as possible.
I hope you get better as soon as possible.
I am glad to have discovered Tatoeba.
I hope you improve as soon as possible.
I hope you get well.
There is always someone present on Tatoeba.
We weren't allowed to take our children there.
He complained about not having enough time for preparation.
You won't get well unless you take the medicine.
You won't get well if you don't take the medicine.
I regret wasting my time hanging around in pubs.
Don't compare yourselves to others.
I just want to catch someone talking trash about my life around the corner.
I just want to catch someone talking trash about me around the corner.
I didn't know you were dating.
If I catch you talking trash about my life, you'll have me to deal with.
If I catch you talking trash about me around the corner, you'll have me to deal with.
You need to worry about your life and not my life.
You have nothing to do with my life.
Esther is a Jewish lesbian.
So get ready!
Do you live with me?
Do you pay my bills?
What do they have to do with my life?
What does she have to do with my life?
What does it have to do with my life?
What does he have to do with my life?
What do you have to do with it?
What do you have to do with my life?
We only use profanity when we are angry or in an extreme case.
We can only use profanity when someone crosses the line.
Can I speak bad words among such educated people?
If you don't mind, then get ready!
If you like her, then get ready!
If you like him, then get ready!
If you like it then get ready!
But if she says she loves you, then get ready!
But if he says he loves you, then get ready!
Since he said nothing, get ready!
Since she didn't say anything, get ready!
Since he didn't say anything, get ready!
Since she said nothing, get ready!
If he authorized you to enter, then get ready!
If he authorized you to get in, get ready!
Do you speak Kabyle?
If she invited you in, then get ready!
If he invited you in, then get ready!
My lecturer said that a good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and C++ programming is important for a job in banking.
If he wanted it that way, then get ready!
If she wanted it that way, then get ready!
It seems he was rich.
Tom ate a grilled cheese sandwich.
Can you recommend a place for me to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a good place to stay in Boston?
Is it possible to forget your native language?
Do you have a home in Australia?
Do you have a house in Australia?
Do you own a house in Australia?
I've been singing professionally since I was thirteen.
I've been singing professionally since I was thirteen years old.
I like to sleep naked.
I like to sleep in the nude.
You must return the ring to where it came from.
Tom seemed uneasy in their presence.
I think that that's really smart.
I guess that that's good for you.
I know that it's the right thing.
I think that you'll pull through.
I think that I just hurt my back.
I think that I deserve an answer.
I guess that I should say thanks.
I think that this will do nicely.
Because of their incompetence, I'm totally stressed out.
I hope that you'll be happy here.
I'm a bit nervous, as I have a German exam tomorrow.
I'd love that to happen.
I'd definitely say that.
I think that it's inevitable now.
I think that'll settle it.
I think that that'll settle it.
I think that we have a good shot.
I won't sign up right now.
Since they wanted it that way, get ready!
Since he wanted it that way, get ready!
Since she wanted it that way, get ready!
If you are saying that he invited you to the wedding, then get ready!
If you are saying that he has authorized you, then get ready!
If you are saying she invited you, then get ready!
I won't say that I was surprised.
Esperanto is a popular constructed language.
I hope you're safe.
I hope that you're safe.
I saw you in my dreams.
On Monday, it was really cold.
Have any of you been to Australia?
I've visited Boston two times.
How's your weekend going so far?
Don't worry about me, I know how to turn around alone.
Where do you get your hair cut?
Don't worry about them anymore.
Don't worry about my life anymore.
Don't worry about it anymore.
Do you go to school by train?
Do you ever ride your bicycle to school?
Do you ever ride your bicycle to work?
If I were you, I'd take care of your life first.
I only have three books.
Don't forget rule number three.
Does anyone speak French?
Does anyone know French?
Whatever you do or don't do, it doesn't interest me.
Whatever you do or forget to do, it doesn't interest me.
If you do anything against her, you'll have to deal with me!
If you do something against him, you'll have me to deal with!
Where do your daughters live?
You don't need to be religious to believe in God.
If you do anything against my mother, you'll have me to deal with!
I don't think that God wanted religious wars.
If you do anything against my father, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my family, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my family, you'll have me to deal with!
I dreamed about Tatoeba.
If you do anything against my sister, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my brother, you'll have me to deal with!
If you catch anything against me, I call the police.
If you do anything to me, I'll have you arrested.
If you do anything against me, I'll call the police.
I study Latin literature.
if you do anything against him, I will arrest you.
if you do anything against her, I'll arrest you
Please set your mobile phones in the viber.
Are there schools in the city?
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.
I'm not sentimental—I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know, is that the sentimental person thinks things will last—the romantic person has a desperate confidence that they won't.
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
I suggested the wrong route to them.
He has never apologised to me for anything.
I often dream about wars.
My sister started to attend a language school. She is learning English there.
My brother-in-law stopped learning German and started to learn English.
I bought myself four bottles of beer.
There is no room anywhere.
She got divorced and she hasn't got anywhere to go.
If anything comes up, I'll let you know.
He's a thief.
She's a thief.
She is a thief.
I'm not referring to you, for God's sake.
You didn't do the shopping and you didn't do the cleaning either.
Today, I forgot my cellphone at home.
I couldn't hear what he was saying because of the noise.
Respect me, or I'll have you arrested.
Pay attention to your life.
Respect the police, bum!
Why do you care so much about my life?
Why won't you take care of your life?
A man on a quest to empower the world.
I'm almost done filling out this form.
No more bus ride.
The bus ride has ended.
Today there is no bus ride.
And you don't know how to really think in English.
You haven't spoken English fluently in a long time.
You feel you don't know enough English vocabulary.
You do not know how to talk about certain topics in English.
Do you get nervous when someone asks you a question in English?
He is calling the doctor.
She is calling the doctor.
He will call the doctor.
He will call a doctor.
She will call the doctor.
Second, it initiates visual learning.
Firstly, it increases your learning ability.
Number one, it increases your comprehension ability.
The Time Traveller (for so it will be convenient to speak of him) was expounding a recondite matter to us.
It's been months since he went to the doctor.
It's been months since he hasn't been to the doctor.
Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless.
Since yesterday he hasn't been to the doctor.
Since yesterday she hasn't been to the doctor.
He always goes to the doctor.
She always goes to the doctor.
He didn't want to go to the doctor.
She didn't want to go to the doctor.
If you are being criticized you must be doing something right. You're only attacked if you have the ball.
He didn't feel like going to the doctor.
She was not willing to go to the doctor.
He was not willing to go to the doctor.
She doesn't leave this room for anything.
He was supposed to leave a long time ago.
She was supposed to leave a long time ago.
She doesn't leave the room.
He does not leave the room.
Not yet out of the room.
She hasn't left the room yet.
He hasn't left the room yet.
I'll count to 3, and if you don't put the trash in the bin, I'll tell your mom.
I told you to put the trash in the trash.
I said put the trash in the trash now.
Put the trash in the trash now.
Please put the trash in the trash.
Once I dreamed about being killed in WWll.
Is it impossible to build a city in one day?
She lied to me several times, so I don't believe her.
Who said this city was built in a day?
It is very likely that he will pass tomorrow.
It is very likely that he will pass today.
The trash car has not passed yet.
I think the garbage truck will come tomorrow.
You cannot do it this way.
You cannot do it like this.
The trash car has passed.
The garbage truck has been gone for a long time.
They should have left a long time ago.
The trash car goes by today.
The trash car is almost past.
I don't know why, but I always think this guy's videos are scary, but I keep watching.
Success requires sacrifice, but it can make you happy forever, try it!
While many are focused on online games and football, I am here watching this episode.
Hope you don't give up.
I hope you are happy.
Now I am learning English.
She told me that she had studied English for many years.
She was telling me that she had studied English for many years.
She said you study English on your own.
He told me that you study English on your own.
He told me that you were studying English at home.
She said you studied English every day.
She told me you were studying English by yourself.
Why did you not found me?
You must sleep
I made a more elaborate video about it.
we will study .
Are we eating dinner ?
A school has male and female students.
He has stolen.
What is she doing now?
We still work at home.
We still work on our own.
We still work on it.
We still teach English.
We still work as teachers.
My father and I still work as lawyers.
I still work with him.
I am still working as a public servant.
I'm still working at the city hall.
I am still working as a teacher.
I am still working with my mother.
I'm still working with my dad.
I'm still working for him.
I'm still working at her company.
I'm still working at his company.
I am still working in this company.
I still work at this company.
I still work with her.
I still work with them.
I'm still at my aunt's house.
I'm still at my dad's house.
I'm still at my mom's house.
I'm still at my parents' house.
I'm still at their house.
I'm still at your house.
I'm still at his house.
I'm still at her house.
I'm still working at her house.
We're still working at home.
We are still working home.
I won't do their dirty work for them.
We are still working from home.
It is not my fault that she refuses to eat.
It's not my fault that she won't eat.
Here's your dessert.
There's not enough space for you here.
One nail drives out another, as say the elders.
Such a joke! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? Forget about it!
Such a joke! Do you believe that they will lay down their arms? Forget it!
It's no joke! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? You should forget about it!
Such a fake! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? You must be kidding!
Our elders said: If a discussion is brief, it is profitable; if it persists, it is harmful.
Tom is a child at heart.
Mary is a child at heart.
Tom bought a cat toy for his cat.
Some habits are hard to kill.
Couffe notes about two-thirds of natural wetlands are vanishing because of factors including agriculture, drainage, and mining for fuel. That, she says, results in the release of massive amounts of carbon.
"Wetlands ... cover about percent of the Earth," she said. "But they hold twice as much carbon as all the Earth's forests together. So, by restoring these wetlands, that is a very effective way to limit the effects of climate change."
Governing can be a dangerous business, especially for U.S. mayors. Eighty percent say they’ve experienced violence, harassment or both.
In all, 13% of mayors say they’ve been subjected to physical violence, according to Thomas’s research. Eight in mayors say they’ve faced some sort of psychological abuse.
The Arizona Republican, who first served on the city council in the 1990s, has seen a change in the ferocity of the attacks since the rise of social media.
“It seems like anything’s OK. There are no barriers or any way to stop what I think are rude, insensitive and ridiculous remarks,” she says.
No one has any respect or manners, not only to the council, but to each other and the audience.
They shout over each other.
They call each other names.
Tom and Mary called each other names.
Tom and Mary shouted over each other.
Seventy percent of mayors say they are harassed or abused via social media.
Female mayors are more than twice as likely as males to experience psychological abuse and almost three times as likely to experience physical violence.
Thomas is concerned that attacks on mayors might dissuade people from seeking public office.
America is the land of plenty and it’s stressing some people out.
“We believe that whatever we choose is kind of a reflection of who we are,” says Thomas Saltsman, senior lab director of the Social Psychophysiology Laboratory at the University at Buffalo.
Freedom and choice are important to us.
We think of our choices as being able to communicate information about ourselves.
Americans tend to feel so defined by their choices that having an abundance of options can make the weight of each decision, no matter how insignificant, feel more burdensome.
If I make a poor choice and I only have two or three options, it's very easy for me to blame the lack of options.
Tom made a poor choice.
When we're given so many options and we still feel like we didn't pick something that's good, that kind of feels like it's a direct reflection of us.
Choosing what to watch can be a stressful decision because there are an increasing number of options.
People can essentially be divided into two categories when it comes to making choices.
There are the “maximizers” who strive to pick the best possible option every time, no matter how minor or important the decision.
The “satisficers” are much more likely to make snap decisions because they’re just trying to find something that's good enough.
Maximizers tend to regret their decisions more in the long run.
Saltsman’s research suggests satisficers’ stress responses show they have a more negative physical reaction — their body reacts as if it’s being threatened — when they have to make a decision.
Choice overload can paralyze people into avoiding decision-making.
Saltsman thinks the abundance of options might be the cause of day-to-day malaise in modern American society.
I wish I could stay.
Tom spends all his free time with Mary.
Mary spends all her free time with Tom.
That was not me.
The protesters shouted, "Death to America!"
I can't fit that in my suitcase. It's too big.
Don't you think you're going to get away with this.
Don't you think I'd like to do that?
I didn't think that it was funny.
I didn't want to see anybody.
An amphitheatre is a special type of open air theatre.
I have a kind father.
I heard you'll do that.
I hope I didn't hurt anybody.
I hope that I didn't hurt anyone.
I hope that I didn't hurt anybody.
I hope that I don't get laid off.
I hope that you agree to do that.
I hope that you remember my name.
I knew that I was being followed.
I know that change won't be easy.
I know that it isn't a good idea.
I know it's not a good idea.
I know that it's not a good idea.
I know that it was all a mistake.
I looked around at everybody.
You have a strict mother.
I've received it, too.
I love Tom's music.
I love the songs that Tom writes.
I love the songs Tom writes.
Does Tom enjoy swimming?
My computer is not working properly, I think I will restore the settings.
My computer is not working properly.
I think I'll format my computer.
What didn't I do that I was supposed to do?
My computer was working normal.
I think I'll buy another computer.
My computer started to get into trouble shortly.
I am afraid to format and lose all my important files.
Would you like to study in Australia?
Do you want to study in Australia?
I think I'll save all my files on the flash drive.
I think it was misuse, because my computer never gave a problem.
Have you ever heard anyone speaking French?
Have you ever heard anybody speaking French?
My computer is not working.
My computer is at the concert.
My computer is in trouble.
I'd recommend watching this movie.
When was the last time you took some time off?
When was the last time that you took some time off?
Do they have earthquakes in Australia?
I never thought my computer would miss me so much.
I think it was the best computer I've ever had in my life.
Are there many poisonous snakes in Australia?
My computer is very important to me.
Are there wolves in Australia?
My computer hasn't arrived from the concert yet.
Was it easy for you to find a job in Australia?
My brother took my computer to do a review.
I think there's still a concert.
I use my computer to do various jobs in Excel.
How my computer is missing.
My computer is in serious trouble.
Did you go to any concerts in Australia?
Did you buy a house in Australia?
What's your favorite beach in Australia?
Did you meet any Canadians in Australia?
How was your stay in Australia?
When will you move to Australia?
The dolphin is a mammal.
Dolphins are mammals.
I tripped on the steps.
Could you buy me a roll of tape?
When was the last time you swam across this river?
When was the last time that you swam across this river?
When was the last time that you ate out?
When was the last time that you cleaned your room?
When was the last time that you went to Boston?
When was the last time that you went hunting?
Have you ever chewed tobacco?
When was the last time you mopped the kitchen floor?
When was the last time you mopped the kitchen?
Most of the snow has melted already.
Could you tell me how to get to the bus stop?
Please tell me how to get to the bus stop.
Tom found himself in a Kafkaesque situation.
I wish that you'd leave me alone.
I wish that I could study French.
I wish that I had more free time.
I wish I'd studied harder.
I wish that I'd studied harder.
I felt that I had no alternative.
I hope that you were a good girl.
I hope that you follow my advice.
I believe that you were taken in.
I bet that you don't make it far.
I didn't try to do very much.
Malcolm X converted to Islam.
I don't think that'll fly.
He came from Algeria to visit his family.
I feel that this is a good point.
I feel that this poses a problem.
I tried not to do too much.
I tried not to do very much.
I tried not to be late.
I guess that you've got me there.
I guess that I've lived too long.
I guess that I don't rule it out.
I hope that all that stuff works.
I know that I'm better than that.
I know what I agreed to do.
I recommend it to everyone.
I really wanted to believe that.
I suggest that we both fall back.
I think that I spoke too quickly.
I think that I'm a great athlete.
I think that I'm happy with this.
Did the scientific Adam really exist?
I'm getting tired of riding in cars.
Have you ever been to the store where Tom works?
Have you ever taught French to foreigners?
We're going back to basics.
"I want to live in Algeria." "You're welcome."
He was the only Muslim in town.
He is Muslim and he is not ashamed of who he is.
He traveled freely and often between Algiers and Bejaia.
He always returned to Algeria.
The Nation of Islam is a small black separatist movement.
The Nation of Islam, a black racist and separatist movement, is a quite isolated group within the African American community.
The message of the separatists is too extreme to everyone in our region.
Unbelievable, isn't it?
God will punish the devil.
As soon as you gather enough wisdom, you are too old to be able to make use of it.
Rasputin was born a peasant in the small village of Pokrovskoye in Russia.
One man's misfortune is another man's fortune.
Maria's brother is married.
Mary's brother is married.
My computer is defective.
My computer has been in concert since yesterday.
He is very proud to be an Algerian.
My computer is with my brother.
He took my computer to the concert.
He eats at a soup kitchen.
He was a lover of Berber culture from an early age.
She took my computer to the concert.
My computer went to the concert last week.
My computer already went to the concert.
My computer is not ready yet.
Arrests were made throughout the country.
The operation was codenamed "Forest."
My computer is not with me yet.
My computer has never been inspected.
The Algerian economy needs to be rejuvenated.
My computer has not been reviewed.
My computer is still at the concert.
I think my computer is not ready yet.
I'll get my computer.
I'll get my computer tomorrow.
He told me that my computer was not ready yet.
She told me that my computer was not ready yet.
He said my computer was not ready yet.
She said my computer was not ready yet.
The store clerk said my computer was not ready yet.
I went to get my computer, but the store clerk said my computer was not ready yet.
This ideology is irrelevant to Algeria.
Would you like red wine?
The girl would like a cookie.
Mary, please give me the wine.
Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
Inciting racial hatred is a crime.
She said that she had dreamed about me.
I dreamt about being chased by a killer.
Before Islam, he was a Christian.
Tatoeba will always be here for you.
Hungarians are friendly people.
I won't do it even if you beg me on bended knee.
You've changed my life!
His pale grey eyes shone and twinkled, and his usually pale face was flushed and animated.
A young woman asked me where the kindergarten was.
How many cookies would Marcus like?
The fire burnt brightly, and the soft radiance of the incandescent lights in the lilies of silver caught the bubbles that flashed and passed in our glasses.
How much do the cookies cost?
Our chairs, being his patents, embraced and caressed us rather than submitted to be sat upon, and there was that luxurious after-dinner atmosphere, when thought runs gracefully free of the trammels of precision.
And he put it to us in this way—marking the points with a lean forefinger—as we sat and lazily admired his earnestness over this new paradox (as we thought it) and his fecundity.
You must follow me carefully.
These olives are not in the market.
Could you please tell me if there are any buses passing in front of Shopping IGUATEMI?
I'll message you.
I saw my brother and also my sister.
I wish I had a sister.
I talked to him and you did too and you know what happened.
I gave him money too.
Emily plays the piano and also the guitar.
My wife said that I had talked in my sleep.
If you do anything against my dad, you will have to deal with me!
It is autumn again.
I would lower the minimum age of criminal responsibility.
There are more than ten thousand people here.
Do you know any buses that pass in front of Shopping Via Sul?
Do you know the time of your bus?
Is there a specific time for your bus?
What time does your bus pass?
This word is not Turkish.
I've been waiting for my bus for almost an hour.
It's been a while since I've been waiting for my bus.
My bus has not passed yet.
I've been waiting for the bus for over hours.
The bus has not passed yet.
It is a long journey.
What is good for me, maybe bad for you.
My computer has never undergone a review.
My computer has not been reviewed yet.
I've been waiting for the bus for over an hour.
It's been a while since I've been waiting for the bus.
The bus took too long.
The bus took too much.
The bus was too late.
The bus is late.
Tom started taking pictures.
Tom kept taking pictures.
Tom took pictures of all the animals at the zoo.
Tom spent all day taking pictures.
Tom went to the zoo and spent all day taking pictures.
Everybody likes the zoo.
The children watched the squirrels.
Tom took pictures until the film ran out.
Tom had the pictures developed.
The dolphins watched the squirrels.
Tom watched the squirrels.
Tom watched the squirrel.
Tom watched the squirrels chase each other.
Squirrels often chase other squirrels.
Tom and Mary watched the squirrels.
Tom watched the squirrel climb the tree.
Tom watched the squirrel jump from branch to branch.
Tom watched the squirrel jump from tree to tree.
The park was full of squirrels.
Tom watched the squirrels play.
Tom took the camera out of the camera bag.
Tom put a new roll of film into his camera.
Tom put a new roll of film into the camera.
Tom gave Mary a roll of film.
Tom takes his camera everywhere.
Tom found a box in the attic.
Tom found an old camera in the attic.
Tom found a gramophone in the attic.
Everybody likes squirrels.
Everyone likes squirrels.
Tom hit snooze.
Tom found a box of old pictures in the attic.
Tom and Mary are coming from the city now.
Tom found some old books in the attic.
Tom found some old magazines in the attic.
Tom found an old picture of his grandparents in the attic.
Russia produced lots of well-known men like Lenin, Stalin, Malenkov, Krushchev, Brezhnev, Andropov, Chernenko, Gorbachev, Yeltsin, Medvedev, and Putin.
This is what we've come to.
Tom plays cricket.
What did you do yesterday after school?
Were you able to get the engine started?
Do you like the smell of this perfume?
The epidemic of severe lung illness related to e-cigarettes continues to grow.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said as of Thursday there were cases of confirmed or suspected vaping-related lung illnesses in states and the Virgin Islands — up more than since last week.
The CDC is urging everyone to stop using e-cigarettes.
Massachusetts this week became the first state to temporarily ban all retail and online sales of e-cigarettes.
Other states have stopped the sale of flavored vaping products, saying the fruit and candy flavors appeal to young people.
E-cigarettes heat up liquid inside a cartridge and create a nicotine-filled vapor.
How far is the village?
Russia is the country that suffered the most during the Second World War.
Where are you coming from now?
Stalin died and all Algerians cried.
I think you should know I won't be able to do that for you.
I think that you should know I won't be able to do that for you.
Why are you being so evasive?
Tell me a little more about that.
Everybody knew she was being pushy.
Can you help me with French?
Have you ever put your cat in a cage?
Have you ever lost your luggage at an airport?
You forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left.
Have you found the solution to the problem?
We didn't have enough time to finish what we were doing.
What time do you usually take your afternoon nap?
I've been sick since Monday.
Where do I go next?
Mr. Gonteanu tries to teach his son how to drive.
Where did you buy this car?
Would it be OK if I went over to Tom's this afternoon?
Tom was throwing rocks at your dog.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to swim.
Everybody, please leave.
Everybody here seems to be very sleepy.
Where's the nearest bar?
Where can we buy what we need?
Does money bring you happiness?
What kind of plant is this?
How do you study French?
What are some good ways to get better at speaking French?
I read three books last week.
Don't let Tom cheat you.
We ate a whole lot of apples.
We ate a lot of apples.
I only need one cat.
was a hard year.
was a good year.
was a bad year.
We aren't going on vacation.
Be careful not to eat too much.
We'll have guests tomorrow.
How is Earth Day celebrated?
Do you celebrate Earth Day?
Didn't you see Tom?
We've arrived safe and sound.
The only language where spaces are usually put in front of question marks is French.
I heard Tom sneezing.
I didn't enjoy it.
Tom denied killing Mary.
That's very weird.
Tom cooked us dinner.
Who smiled at you?
Tom did errands for Mary.
How safe is Boston?
Tom decided to do it.
I don't eat cheese.
We bought an expensive umbrella for Tom.
Tom bought some chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought some chocolate for Mary.
Tom bought a beer for Mary.
Tom bought a small gift for Mary.
Tom brought a small gift for Mary.
Tom bought a nice present for Mary.
Tom bought a few drinks for Mary.
Tom bought a dog for Mary.
Tom gave this game to me.
Tom gave some old coins to me.
Tom gave this shirt to me.
Tom gave a sleeping bag to me a few weeks ago.
Tom bought a box of cookies for Mary.
Tom bought a car for Mary.
Tom handed the broom to Mary.
Tom handed the brochures to Mary.
Tom handed the scissors to Mary.
Tom gave that book to me.
Tom gave his heart to Mary.
Tom gave your address to me.
Tom gave that to us.
Please lend your car to me.
Please give this book to me.
I bought a kite for you.
Tom bought a puppy for Mary.
I left a message for you.
Tom handed a sandwich to me.
Tom gave your number to me.
Tom gave an apple to me.
Tom gave several books to me.
Tom gave a pair of diamond earrings to Mary.
Don't lean out of the window.
Don't push that button.
Have you decided what to do next Monday?
Have you already decided what to do next Monday?
Can we get something to eat there?
Can we meet on October 20th at 2:30?
Can I borrow a pen? Mine just ran out of ink.
There is no planet B.
I learn French.
Don't change horses midstream.
What else did Tom give you?
Don't just sit there. Get up and do something.
I love dark roast coffee.
We've experienced three wars.
I've never eaten at this restaurant before.
Put on this hat.
We have to live together.
It seems like you're not too interested.
That was a very stupid choice.
When was the last time that you baked a cake?
Be a good girl and eat your vegetables.
We've agreed on everything.
Everyone knows that's not going to happen.
Everyone knows that that's not going to happen.
Everybody knows that's not going to happen.
Everybody knows that that's not going to happen.
Get back before midnight or you'll be locked out.
Put this French into English.
Put this in French.
Could you go there with me?
Don't misunderstand what I'm saying.
What do people call you?
Don't disobey the rules.
Don't you have anything else to do?
I didn't see the sign.
Where in Australia are you guys going?
I live in that house over there.
I've lived in Australia for three months.
Boston was fantastic.
What's the first thing you're going to do when you get back to Boston?
was a difficult year.
Don't throw stones into the swimming pool.
Put some paper in the copy machine.
Can somebody open the door, please?
Everybody pronounces Tom's name wrong.
I don't know how to pronounce Tom's last name.
How is Tom's last name pronounced?
I'd like to travel abroad.
It seems I was sleeping.
I haven't finished paying off my loan.
I have the money you're talking about.
Tell me how can I help you.
Please give my bag to me.
These notebooks aren't mine.
Are these notebooks yours?
It's a good thing that you showed up.
It's a good thing you showed up.
It's good you're here.
I'm glad that you're OK.
I hope that you don't disappoint me.
There's still time to sort things out.
I hope that you're happy.
This isn't an unsolvable problem.
This is an unsolvable problem.
Everybody pronounces my name wrong.
The check must've gotten lost in the mail.
This translation is incorrect.
This translation is wrong.
This translation isn't correct.
I'm not sure that that's such a good idea.
I knew that this was a stupid idea.
I wish that I could stay.
You cooked the potatoes too long.
It took me a long time to find what I was looking for.
I'll be getting off at the next stop.
I'll be getting off at the next station.
I don't like going out when it's cold.
I bought myself a bottle of wine.
There's not enough space in my car for anyone else.
There's not enough space in my car for anybody else.
I'd like red wine.
Would you like some red wine?
It'll be a long journey.
I'm reading a very interesting book now.
I'm reading a very interesting book.
I didn't know that you were dating.
I didn't know that you two were dating.
I didn't know you two were dating.
I wish that I had a sister.
I don't think that this is the problem at all.
Everyone likes the zoo.
Everyone calmed down.
Everyone has calmed down.
Everybody has calmed down.
Can you help me fill out this form?
How often do buses come?
Can you translate from French to English?
Tom has only got eyes for Mary.
I like that it's soft.
There's a hole in my sock.
Is it OK if we take photographs here?
We sang for three hours.
Don't walk outside this area.
Can I tell you something in Hungarian?
May I tell you something in Hungarian?
I felt very peaceful.
Let's sleep on it.
I wouldn't allow you to go.
I won't try and stop you.
I wasn't the one who decorated the room.
I wasn't the one that decorated the room.
I want to go sailing.
I want to eat pork chops.
I make three hundred dollars a day.
I love to watch westerns.
I love to eat pizza.
I like to watch westerns.
Tom grabbed Mary's hands.
I love eating here.
Tom did the shopping.
I like eating here.
Our dog is still agile for his age.
I came to realise that she was just using me.
She's scared.
Today's her birthday!
What would you like me to do for you?
Drinking coffee is beneficial to human health.
The more people are positive, the better our world will be.
He seems to be losing motivation.
Tatoeba is a very useful tool for people who study foreign languages. And not only for them.
Like me, he often goes to Nunukan for holidays.
He took a basket and went straight to the market.
She took a basket and went straight to the market.
We took baskets and went directly to the market.
They took baskets and went straight to the market.
A contract is a legally binding agreement.
Alain Robert, known as the "French Spiderman", was arrested after climbing a high-rise building in Frankfurt without permission.
Hundreds of thousands of people joined teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg for a march in Montreal Friday, part of a second wave of global protests demanding action on climate change.
Greta Thunberg called on world leaders to do more for the environment.
"My message to all the politicians around the world is the same," she said. "Just listen and act on the current best available science."
Trudeau praised Thunberg's activism saying, "She is the voice of a generation."
Protests also took place Friday across Europe and Asia, with organizers saying 200,people, mainly youths, joined a march in Milan and another 100,in Rome.
I shall have to controvert one or two ideas that are almost universally accepted.
His computer is cheap junk.
“Is not that rather a large thing to expect us to begin upon?” said Filby, an argumentative person with red hair.
Read each question carefully.
The horse chestnut tree is now classified as vulnerable to extinction.
Do you live in New York?
I do not mean to ask you to accept anything without reasonable ground for it.
We are not in Rome.
Trees should not be disregarded just because they can't move from where they are.
I don't want to get out of bed when it's cold.
Any place is good for sleeping.
Can María try it?
-How many cell phones do you have, Tom? -How many do I have? -Do you have lots of phones at one time? -Well, I have four. -And what for?
The darkness surprised the hikers in the forest.
One needs a lot of time.
He has a home office.
I don't think I can.
They warned me not to do it.
You don't want to come?
You know what he bought us.
They showed me a card.
You aren't stupider because you don't want to.
You're going to end up falling.
If sentences on Tatoeba are to suit their purpose, they should be correct.
That is a very sharp knife!
We are coming not from Germany, but from Italy.
We visit our mother.
Tom doesn't like bright lights.
Tom planted the seeds.
Tom planted the seeds and then waited for them to grow.
The seedlings are very fragile.
I'm only here for a couple of days.
I'm only here for a few days.
How many of you share the same opinion?
What would you like me to do for him?
What would you like me to do for her?
What would you like me to do for them?
It didn't make any sense to me then.
It didn't make any sense to me at that time.
It made no sense to me then.
What would you like me to do tomorrow?
I don't have any plans for the weekend.
I regularly start to fall asleep while watching a movie.
You will soon admit as much as I need from you.
How many daughters do you have?
He likes wine.
You love our daughters.
How many girls do you teach?
We teach many boys.
Tom is a spendthrift.
Tom is a frugal person.
Tom is a miser.
Tom lives a simple life.
Tom and Mary live a simple life.
Tom and Mary live off-grid.
Tom and Mary live off the grid.
Tom and Mary grow their own food.
Tom grows his own food.
Tom lives off-grid.
Tom wants to reduce his carbon footprint.
Tom and Mary want to reduce their carbon footprint.
Tom has a small carbon footprint.
Tom has an unconvential lifestyle.
Tom has a bohemian lifestyle.
This building has a green roof.
We visit the students.
For over five years, we haven't seen each other.
Tom was knighted.
Tom was knighted by the queen.
Tom was knighted by the king.
Tom was knighted by the king after saving the princess from the evil dragon.
Ask questions.
This house is energy efficient.
This house is well insulated.
This house has double glazed windows.
Tom's house has double glazed windows.
Tom's house has triple glazed windows.
You guys need his help.
You guys need her help.
Tom admitted it.
Tom admitted it and apologized.
I've got to admit something to you.
I have to admit something to you.
The Amish generally avoid modern conveniences.
Tom has a waffle iron.
Tom admitted that he had made a mistake and apologized.
Tom and Mary live in a low-energy house.
Tom and Mary live in a smart home.
Tom and Mary live in a smart house.
Robots will become more common in the future.
Tom has a robotic vacuum cleaner.
Tom has a Roomba.
Mary wanted to stay young and beautiful forever.
Tom wants to stay young forever.
Mary wants to stay young forever.
Tom searched for the elixir of life.
What would you like me to do today?
Take care not to be impolite to our visitors.
The lion said "See how the flies know that I'm in trouble!"
Why do you want to buy this?
Why do you want to have this?
When you think about it, I want you to ask yourself, why do I want to buy it?
Emotions can be more powerful than facts.
I want you to imagine.
It could be anything.
I want you to follow closely.
It may be a new suit that suits you.
Why do you want to buy?
I want to go a little deeper.
Maybe you are doing this out of interest.
Think about when you are selling something to someone.
He had a lot of suits, but none fit me.
I had never worn a suit.
Please wear this suit.
No, I'm just looking.
It looks great!
We are still waiting for a sign that we must continue to believe that cordial science can make things happen.
Do you know that scene, when he was playing?
The third one promised the moon.
It is very beautiful.
"I don't like Tom." "I think that he doesn't like you, either."
It cost a lot of money.
It costs a lot of money.
What am I buying?
Do you know what I am buying?
You don't know what I am buying.
I don't know what you are buying.
I am buying a house.
And how does he feel about you?
And how does she feel about you?
And how does Tom feel about you?
We went shopping together.
It was just like a scene out of a movie.
It was like a scene out of a movie.
Tom spent time in a sanatorium.
Tom became sick and spent time in a sanatorium.
Tuberculosis patients were sent to a special hospital called a sanatorium.
Doctors believed that that the clean, cold air of the mountains was the best treatment for lung diseases.
Jenner noticed that milkmaids who contracted cowpox seemed to be immune to smallpox.
Hermann Brehmer established the first German sanatorium.
Brehmer was diagnosed with tuberculosis.
Thank God!
Do you know what I really like?
You don't know what I really like.
I used to take him to my lectures to make people feel good.
Obviously, today is a great day!
I don't think that I'd rule that out.
I don't think I'd rule that out.
Tom is a violinist.
I know that that change won't be easy.
That isn't always quite so easy.
In the center of our galaxy is the closest supermassive black hole known to us.
Don't you even think about it?
"Boy is it hot!" – "Yes indeed it is, but I believe it's about to rain."
Hate in any form does not get us anywhere.
He had to be hospitalized.
He had to be taken to hospital.
Why are you saying that in German?
I usually take the bus to work but sometimes I drive.
A guitar normally has six strings, while a bass guitar normally has four strings.
Don't blame her for what happened back in Boston.
Now it is your turn to walk the dog.
Things have gone south.
I don't care for her anymore.
She doesn't care for me anymore.
It is nice to see so many languages together. You will hardly see it anywhere else outside Tatoeba.
Don't tell me what is good for me. Mind your own business instead.
I pretended not to know him.
He feared being reprimanded.
I think that it will become harder and harder to make new sentences.
The town laid buried for centuries.
My right hand hurts.
He complained about his health.
Some people suffer from insomnia.
Insomnia is a lifestyle disease.
Give us peace with your tangled hair: go brush it!
She asked me if I knew the woman personally.
I cannot kill an animal unless it is a tiresome insect.
I'm not looking.
They taught you that?
Neither has a mathematical plane.
I don't know what I should do anymore.
The doctor had to treat a patient in a remote village.
This building is LEED Platinum certified.
“That is all right,” said the Psychologist.
Tom and Mary analyzed the same data, but arrived at different conclusions.
Nor, having only length, breadth, and thickness, can a cube have a real existence.
They asked her to babysit their children.
“There I object,” said Filby.
The scientist analyzed the data.
Of course a solid body may exist.
All real things—
Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depth of some divine despair Rise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn-fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.
So most people think.
But wait a moment.
Can an instantaneous cube exist?
“Don’t follow you,” said Filby.
Tom was a nervous wreck.
I was a nervous wreck.
Mary was a nervous wreck.
Can a cube that does not last for any time at all, have a real existence?
No one approaches the goddess.
I don't know what I should do for him anymore.
I don't know what I should do for her anymore.
The actor and the doctor are sick.
The baker makes bread.
You need to take a step back.
Maybe you need to take a step back.
Take a step back and look at the bigger picture.
I feel the need to take a step back.
Take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what is going on.
Take a step back and look at the big picture.
Tom is burning the candle at both ends.
Tom was burning the candle at both ends.
You need to take a step back and think calmly about the situation.
Maybe we need to take a step back.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about why you are doing this.
I don't know what I should do for them anymore.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about who you are and why you are doing this.
Tom likes everybody.
Tom likes everybody and everybody likes him.
Tom likes everybody and everybody likes him back.
Tom likes everyone.
Tom likes everyone and everyone likes him.
Tom likes everyone and everyone likes him back.
It's an art, not a science.
It's more of an art than a science.
Always cite your sources.
Music is an art, not a science.
Translation is an art, not a science.
Mary is a captivating woman.
I don't know what to do tonight anymore.
I don't know what to do tomorrow anymore.
Tom couldn't get the puzzle pieces to fit.
Tom put the puzzle pieces together.
Tom tried to put the puzzle pieces together.
I don't know what to do with him anymore.
Tom completed the puzzle.
I don't know what I should do with him anymore.
Tom looked at the picture on the box.
Tom compared life to a puzzle.
I don't know what I should do to her anymore.
I don't want to hear excuses.
I don't know what to do with my life anymore.
What are you trying to accomplish?
What are you trying to accomplish here?
You need to take a step back from the daily grind.
Tom tried to make sense out of everything that had happened.
Tom rapped on the window.
The painters paint.
I don't know what I should do this afternoon.
I don't know what I should do with it anymore.
That's Tom, my best friend.
It was very cold that night.
Tom tried to force the pieces to fit together.
Tom put together a jigsaw puzzle.
First, spread the puzzle pieces out.
First, spread the puzzle pieces out on a table.
Separate all of the edge pieces.
I don't know anything anymore.
Separate the remaining pieces by color.
Try to make similar pieces fit together.
The courier carries many letters.
You need to come out and see this.
The puzzle is almost finished.
The puzzle was almost finished.
I don't know anything more.
The cook makes food.
Everyone seems to be doing better than me.
Everyone seems happier than me.
You can stay there only for so long.
When do you want them to be back?
Where do you buy bread?
It's you she's interested in.
It's you he's interested in.
They don't want their children to go to school.
She doesn't care about me. It's you she's interested in.
Mary doesn't care about me. It's you she's interested in.
Tom doesn't care about me. It's you he's interested in.
Tom isn't interested in me. It's you he's in love with.
Tom isn't interested in me. It's you he's interested in.
Mary isn't interested in me. It's you she's interested in.
Mary isn't interested in me. It's you she's in love with.
I know he's not interested in me.
I know she's not interested in me.
I know Tom is not interested in me.
He can't possibly like me.
She can't possibly like me.
Tom can't possibly like me.
He's absolutely gorgeous.
Tom is absolutely gorgeous.
Wine makes me sick.
I think you're just jealous.
You're just jealous!
I am used to getting up early.
I used to get up early.
Tom sat on the futon.
The sick woman goes to the doctor.
Tom dropped out of college and founded his own company.
Tom just wanted it to be over.
The poet makes poems.
Where are your fields?
He forgot having returned the keys.
Ibexes can climb steep cliffs.
The baby ibex followed his mother.
Mary took hours to get dressed.
Tom and Mary walked around the garden and had a cup of tea together.
Tom and Mary had a cup of tea together.
Let's have a cup of tea together.
I don't believe we've ever had a cup of tea together.
I don't believe that we've ever had a cup of tea together.
We had a cup of tea together.
I'll put the kettle on.
They had a cup of tea together and chatted about various things.
They had a cup of tea together and talked about various things.
This was like a game for Tom.
This was like a game for him.
This was like a game for her.
Tom had never seen Mary without makeup.
Tom had never seen Mary without her makeup.
They made her believe their lies.
She was made to believe their lies.
Tom poured the tea into elegant bone china teacups.
Tom put the teacup down on the table.
Tom set down the bone china teacup into its saucer.
Tom set down the teacup into its saucer.
Tom saw a flying saucer.
It was a simpler time.
It was a more innocent time.
The thief does not want to sell the gems.
It was awkward at first.
It was a bit awkward at first.
You have something stuck in your teeth.
I bought myself another English textbook.
My dad hasn't bought my new year's clothes yet.
My dad hasn't bought my Christmas clothes yet.
I haven't bought my new year's clothes yet.
I haven't bought my Christmas clothes yet.
My dad hasn't bought my car yet.
My dad bought more stuff.
My father bought a motorcycle.
My father has many houses.
My father has several houses.
My father bought a house.
My dad bought a lot of cars.
My father bought several cars.
My father bought a car.
My father has many cars.
My father has several cars.
My father has a car.
If you have a grammar problem, please download Grammarly.
If you are making any grammar mistake, please download Grammarly.
The doctor heals the sick man.
Mine is red.
Mine is blue with red.
Where is the bag I left here?
Cooks make food.
Mine is red, and yours?
Where is my bag I left here?
The merchant buys many pictures.
The arugula that the cow did not want delighted the ox.
Hey, I'm tellin' ya! You don't deserve with Radit! I'm the one who deserve it! Got it? Talk to the hand!
I bring cookies to the girls and the boys.
Be careful driving.
We go to the field.
Be careful when driving.
Chicago is very different from Boston.
You're a boy.
He comes here from time to time.
He comes here once in a while.
Tom wanted poached eggs, so he first had to poach a chicken.
I fell in love with you the moment I saw you.
Can you get by on what you make?
Tom and I wrote a book together.
Are you going sailing this afternoon?
Did you eat lunch with Tom today?
Don't come late, OK?
We'd better not mention it.
We're looking for each other.
What country's flag is this?
Will Tom be going fishing with us?
We don't live in Australia yet.
Don't worry. My dog won't bite you.
Do your children go to school?
Don't you have a computer?
Where did you buy that knapsack?
My favorite city in the whole world is Boston.
Tom said he wished that he could come, too.
Tom said that he wished that he could come, too.
Tom said he wished he could come, too.
Life was not easy in Boston.
Tom was extremely pleased.
Tom Jackson was an intelligent man.
Ulysses Grant was a war hero.
Tom Jackson was not well-known.
Tom himself was silent.
Tom's plan was good.
Tom's plan is good.
Tom's plan wasn't a good one.
What're you planning to do?
We're all praying for Japan.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will happen.
Everybody is hoping nothing bad will happen.
Monday was a very cold day.
Monday was very cold.
I wish that I lived in Boston.
When I grow up, I want to be a doctor.
They always pick her side.
Tom didn't call Mary back.
No one thinks that.
Tom didn't apologize.
Stop wasting water.
Tom didn't invite Mary in.
What's in this jar?
Why didn't Tom fight?
I didn't feel happy.
Tom didn't text Mary back.
I don't read French.
I should've told somebody.
During the 80s, tourists from Poland came to Kabylia to hunt wild boar.
Latvian is a beautiful language that naturally gives off music.
Marcus Aurelius was one of the most respected emperors in Roman history.
Marcus Aurelius, called the Philosopher, was a Roman emperor and Stoic philosopher.
You don't have to talk to people, any more than you want to.
Marcus Aurelius, Seneca and Epictetus are the three most important Stoic philosophers.
The philosophy of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius can be found in a collection of personal writings known as the Meditations.
Friends are the stars shining; they appear in the dark.
"Where is their grandpa from?" "Libya."
He owned a home in Algeria.
His house in Algiers isn't furnished.
His house in Algiers is empty.
The news is alarming enough these days.
Five players were invited by Anadoluspor to apply for the national team squad.
Wishing you success forever, my dear friend.
Good afternoon
Good Night
It's a beautiful weather today
The sky is clear, but take the umbrella with you, it might rain
Nassim scored from a mid range shot
Nassim bought a good mid range smartphone
This computer has a sharp screen
Nassim used a sharp knife to slice meat
Politicians are mere puppets. That does not make them less responsible for their deeds, though.
I must sleep.
Always add phrases that you will use on a daily basis.
Don't add phrases that you will not use them in everyday life.
Always add phrases that are used in everyday life.
Your sentences are very important.
Please correct your sentences.
Please add only sentences or short texts.
Last year, I visted Dubrovnik.
He refused to correct his sentences.
Josip Broz Tito was the President of Yugoslavia from to 1980.
I feel nostalgia for Yugoslavia.
My best friend is Icelandic.
Every once in a while I go with them.
From time to time I go there.
Unless from time to time he comes here.
My aunt comes here from time to time.
My mother comes here from time to time.
My mother always comes here when she can.
My mother always comes here at home.
My brother always comes here.
My family comes here from time to time.
My father comes here from time to time.
I'm not sure, but I think he comes here from time to time.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she comes here from time to time.
I think she comes here from time to time.
I think he comes here from time to time.
I can't tell you, but every once in a while she comes here.
I don't know why, but every so often it happens.
I don't know why, but every once in a while it happens.
Things change from time to time.
From time to time it happens.
Till now, the total number of my sentences has been periodically decreasing by one to five at a time. That's not funny!
Before I reported it here, five to twenty sentences went by the wayside!
Maybe they come here from time to time.
It may be that she comes here from time to time.
It may be that from time to time.
He told me he comes here sometimes.
He said he comes here from time to time.
She said she comes here every now and then.
She said she comes here every once in a while.
He said he comes here every once in a while.
He said he comes here every now and then.
She said she comes here from time to time.
She always comes to sleep with me.
She always comes here at home.
I assured them that it was just a temporary solution.
I told her that I didn't understand her at all.
He always comes here at home.
He comes here sometimes.
She comes here sometimes.
She comes here from time to time.
Is there any problem?
Sausages are unhealthy food.
Some parents refuse to have their children vaccinated.
I can't download this episode.
I'm not able to download this episode.
I went cycling even though it rained.
Does it apply to our family as well?
I had no idea that it was so urgent.
It is still windy.
Know the most effective method for learning a language!
You can count on us!
You can start for free!
The best free resources and our tips for learning a fast language.
The essential tools for learning a language.
It is 100% free.
You will love our method of Language Learning.
Thousands of people are benefiting from our language learning method.
Why are you not participating yet?
Did you like the article?
Some windows are still open.
Did you like this article?
Your opinion will motivate the author to write more.
Thanks for rating this article.
I want to thank you in advance for evaluating this article.
Also, check out other articles on our blog about how to increase your English vocabulary.
If you want to go further, be sure to check out this other article from our blog too.
And last but not least.
Finally, let's look at some useful adjectives and verbs.
Talking about language skills can also be important…
Often when you travel and need to talk about prices and numbers in general…
Let's continue with some essential phrases.
Is it true that Jesus is the son of God?
Is Muhammad a true prophet or not?
Did Moses really hear God speaking?
Methanol is also called wood alcohol.
Methanol is far more toxic than ethanol.
I believe God will send me the best.
I am worthy of love and respect, I deserve good people around me.
My biggest goal is to share with people the best parts of my life.
I discovered my destiny.
The more I know myself, the clearer my life becomes.
I completely trust my inner voice.
Today, I follow my heart.
My own welfare is my top priority.
I choose to honor my beauty, my only way to be.
I'm the one who decides my purpose in life.
I love myself more and allow other people to love me.
I choose to see the divine perfection in every cell of my body.
Every day I love the person I see in the mirror.
I'm becoming prettier and brighter.
This is just a projection of what I think of myself.
I totally trust my appearance.
My body has its own wisdom.
I love my body deeply and joyfully.
I am the creator of my world.
I control my thoughts in the direction I choose.
It's worth living this life.
I am enough.
I fell off my horse.
Has Tom apologized to Mary?
I heard you snoring.
How old is Tom's wife?
I hope that you die.
Tom dated Mary for a while.
I realize that this might sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
When I got home, I realized one of my suitcases was missing.
Tom realized Mary might not like him very much.
Tom realized that Mary might not like him very much.
Tom realized he might need some more money.
Tom realized that he might need some more money.
He didn't even touch him.
He didn't even touch it.
I don't need those things.
There is no bus ride.
If you tip me off about it, I'll make it worth your while.
I should find her here.
We are going to Ibiza.
We're going to Ibiza.
In this video, we will teach you some common English words.
If you would like to continue studying English with me, please join the Academy.
Tom did an errand for Mary.
What did I misspell?
How will Tom get here?
I really enjoy golf.
Tom didn't give Mary a hug.
How did you get home?
I heard Tom hiccuping.
How did you fix that?
I'm the only person that can help Tom do that.
Only I can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one who can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one that can help Tom with that.
Can you tell me what time it is?
Why did you immigrate to Australia?
I have three books.
We'll be getting on the train soon.
When I leaned over to look at the fish, my phone fell out of my pocket and into the water.
Where should we have breakfast today?
Have you ever gone rock climbing?
Can you please turn down the music?
When did you learn how to do that?
I've been in love once.
I've only been truly in love once.
I've been in Boston once.
Everyone voted yes.
Can you tell me where the post office is?
I've only truly been in love once.
At that time, I was in Australia.
Tom Jackson is a very famous person in this part of the country.
Can we extend the deadline by three weeks?
What time did your plane finally land in Boston?
Could you please wipe the dust off the table?
Can you correct this report before you go home today?
Everyone looked out the window to see what was happening.
Everybody looked out the window to see what was happening.
I didn't know this.
The government needs to adopt a tough stance against separatism.
The separatists are very vocal online but virtually non-existent in real life.
Why don't you sing us a couple of songs?
We need to keep the lands of Algeria united.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered dictator.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered hypocrite.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered liar.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered manipulator.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered racist.
The leader of the separatists is a well-mannered fascist.
The separatists are on a secret mission.
The separatists are preparing a secret mission.
Can I go horseback riding on Monday?
Let's go horseback riding on Monday.
When was the last time you ate a pomegranate?
When was the last time that you ate a pomegranate?
Do both Tom and Mary play the saxophone?
Do Tom and Mary both play the saxophone?
Can we go to the beach tomorrow?
Paper shrinks as it dries.
Noureddine Bedoui is the Algerian prime minister.
Canada welcomes Algerians.
Canada welcomes Algerian immigrants.
Algeria will be a bilingual country like Canada and Belgium.
In Algeria, the Berber language has official status.
In Algeria, the Berber language is an official language.
In Algeria, Berber is an official language alongside Arabic.
Berber and Arabic are both official languages in Algeria.
Will you have time to do that on Monday?
Do you have time on Monday?
I regularly contribute to the Berber corpus.
No one can stop the progress of the Berber language in North Africa.
Have you finished packing your suitcase for your trip to Australia?
Have you finished packing your bags for your trip to Australia?
No one, not even dogs and bitches like Noureddine Khettal and Naima Salhi, can stop the development of the Berber language in Algeria.
I spent over three thousand dollars yesterday.
I spent over $3,yesterday.
No one can stop Berber.
No one can stop the development of Berber.
Berbers are not scared of anyone.
Berbers are brave people.
Algerians drink coffee.
Algerians drink a lot of coffee.
Algerians like coffee.
Algeria's economy is still growing.
Algeria has car factories.
Europeans and Americans are interested in making money in Algeria.
We're still waiting for an Algerian economic miracle.
A lot has changed in Algeria.
Nothing has changed in Algeria.
A lot of things are changing in Algeria.
Algeria is beautiful.
Algeria is a wonderful country.
Will Algeria be a heaven to international investors?
In Algerian not everything is sunshine and rainbows.
Algeria is a symbol of development in Africa.
In Algeria, a democratic transition isn't easy.
Algeria needs a democratic transition.
Algeria doesn't need a new tyrant.
Algerians don't want to be ruled by a tyrant.
A revolution is currently taking place in Algeria.
Boumediene ruled Algeria with an iron fist.
The National Liberaiton Front governed Algeria from to 1991.
Algeria has never been a communist country.
No one can stop Algeria's economic growths.
Algeria has a constitution.
Algerians need to put aside their differences and coexist in peace and harmony.
In Algeria, no region seriously wants to secede and separatist groups are extremely small and marginal.
Algeria is in a seemingly endless war with Morocco.
Algeria and Morocco should settle their differences.
Kabyles are one of the largest Berber-speaking groups in North Africa.
Kabyles are the largest Berber-speaking group in North Africa.
Algeria has many newspapers.
All this is pretty normal in Algeria.
Algeria allows free press.
Algerians have Internet access.
Algerians have good Internet access.
Algeria is holding presidential elections on December 12, 2019.
Algeria won't allow any separatist referendum.
Algeria has no English-speaking newspapers.
They say bad things about the Algerian government.
Algeria isn't endangered as a country.
A democratic transition isn't going to be an easy thing in Algeria.
Did you leave at the same time as Tom?
Don't judge people by the way they look.
Algeria will hold presidential presidential elections on December 12, 2019.
Algeria isn't a poor country.
Algeria has large iron reserves.
Algeria isn't a violent country.
Will you be playing tennis with Tom this afternoon?
Algeria still has a lot of natural resources.
Algeria is rarely featured in foreign movies.
Algeria is rarely featured in French movies.
Algeria is almost never featured in Hollywood.
Algeria is never featured in Hollywood movies.
Are hydrocarbons a curse for Algeria?
Are oil and gas a curse for Algeria?
Violence isn't common in Algeria.
This type of violence isn't common in Algeria.
Algeria is much richer and Niger and Mali.
Algeria is unique in history.
We need to take a look back at Algeria's history.
To understand the current problems, we need to take a look back at Algeria's history.
Algeria has a huge potential to grow wheat and barley.
Algeria's hydrocarbons are a source of wealth.
Algeria is exploiting its hydrocarbons.
Algeria has a lot of factories.
Algeria isn't a kingdom.
Algeria is a civilized country.
Algeria denounces colonialism everywhere in the world.
We want to know more about Algeria.
Algeria was a French colony until 1962.
Algeria was colonized by France until 1962.
Algeria is an independent nation now.
Algeria is independent now.
Algeria got its independence in the early 1960's.
Algeria has never changed its name.
Algeria was an ally of the USSR.
During the Cold War, Algeria was an ally of the USSR.
Algeria is an ally of Russia.
Algeria is an ally of China.
Hundreds of thousands of people died during the Algerian civil war of the 1990's.
Boumediene ruled over Algeria with an iron fist.
There is no civil war in Algeria.
Is it true Tom is in prison?
Algeria produces cellphones.
Algeria exports cellphones.
Algeria manufactures cellphones.
In Algeria, everybody has a cellphone.
Algeria has iron mines.
Algeria has lots of mines.
Is Algeria's oil cheap to refine?
Is Algeria's iron cheap to refine?
I'm beginning to believe we'll never be able to convince Tom that he's wrong.
Is Algeria's oil easy to extract?
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never be able to convince Tom he's wrong.
Is Algeria's iron easy to extract?
I'm beginning to believe we'll never be able to convince Tom he's wrong.
I can't believe a guy like Tom was married to a woman as beautiful as Mary.
Tom can't quite believe Mary is really going on a date with him this Friday night.
I have no reason to believe Tom won't do what I asked him to do.
It's hard to believe Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
I can't believe you wouldn't enjoy playing cards with me and my friends.
Tom can't believe Mary thinks it's OK to let John take the blame.
Tom couldn't believe Mary didn't want to go to the dance with him.
I can't believe you really sold that junk for such a high price.
Tom believes Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom found it hard to believe Mary didn't like him at all.
Tom couldn't believe he'd ever be able to play the guitar.
Tom had trouble believing Mary would actually want to go out with him.
I can't believe you were the smartest kid in your class.
I find it hard to believe Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
Tom began to believe he'd never be able to walk again.
I refuse to believe we can't do anything about the situation.
Tom didn't believe Mary had anything to do with the theft.
Tom didn't believe Mary was capable of doing such a thing.
You don't really believe Tom did that on purpose, do you?
It's hard to believe something like that could happen around here.
We don't believe Tom will be able to master French.
Tom couldn't believe Mary would really do something that dumb.
I still believe we can get this done before 2:30.
I can't believe Tom said such hateful things about Mary.
The police believe Tom was involved in last week's robbery.
You don't believe Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Tom believed the people in that small village were cannibals.
Tom believes Mary will do well in her new job.
I can't believe that that's what's really bothering Tom.
I can't believe that that's what's really troubling Tom.
Tom couldn't believe that nobody laughed at his jokes.
Tom couldn't believe no one laughed at his jokes.
Tom couldn't believe nobody laughed at his jokes.
Tom wants desperately to believe what Mary said is true.
I can't believe the pizza still isn't done.
Tom didn't believe Mary was trying to discredit him.
Everybody would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everyone would like to believe dreams can come true.
Everybody would like to believe dreams can come true.
I don't believe black cats cause bad luck.
We believe Tom killed Mary with an ice pick.
Tom refused to believe Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't believe Mary had actually kissed him.
Tom couldn't believe Mary could be so stupid.
I can't believe we've actually done this.
I don't believe Santa Claus is imaginary.
I can't believe you enjoyed that movie.
I can't believe you like that restaurant.
I can't believe you made Tom cry.
Tom couldn't believe Mary had tricked him.
I want to believe everything's all right.
I can't believe Tom is a grandfather.
I have reason to believe you're lying.
Tom couldn't believe Mary actually kissed him.
I don't believe that that was ever a possibility.
Tom couldn't believe Mary really loved him.
I don't believe Tom is a murderer.
I believe that that's all we need to do.
It's hard to believe that that's a coincidence.
I don't believe Tom can speak French.
I don't believe we can do this.
I can't believe you're a grandmother.
Tom couldn't believe Mary was still hungry.
I can't believe that that's going to happen.
I can't believe you love me.
Tom believes life exists on other planets.
Let's make believe we're pirates.
Tom refused to believe Mary was guilty.
Tom believes what he said is true.
Tom believes all men are created equal.
Tom doesn't believe Mary is happy.
I'd like to believe that that's true.
I can't believe that that didn't work.
I can't believe Tom has children.
I just can't believe that that really happened.
Tom believes the moon landings were faked.
Do you really believe Tom is reliable?
I don't believe that that's the truth.
Do you really believe that that's what happened?
I can't believe you kissed Tom.
I don't believe that that actually happened.
I don't believe that that really happened.
I can't believe that that really happened.
Tom doesn't believe that that's true.
I believe that you'll succeed.
I believe you'll succeed.
Do you believe God exists?
Tom believes Mary is innocent.
Tom believed Mary was innocent.
Tom believes unicorns are real.
Tom believes Mary is lying.
Algeria has steel factories.
I believe Tom loves me.
Algeria has to pass a law for this.
I believe suicide is wrong.
Algeria has to pass a law for that.
Algeria has a lot of minerals.
Tom believes suicide is wrong.
Algeria is rich in minerals.
Algeria extracts iron.
Tom still believes that'll happen.
Tom still believes that that'll happen.
Algeria processes its own oil.
I believe I belong here.
I believe Tom will resign.
We need to learn more about Algeria.
Tom believed Mary was dead.
Algeria has big companies.
I believe you'll win.
Algeria produces hydrocarbons.
I believe that that won't happen.
I believe you should go.
Algeria's mining sector is industrialized.
Oil and gas are abundant in Algeria.
I believe you should leave.
Algeria can't stop its oil and gas production.
Tom believes that that would be wrong.
Algeria exploits its oil and gas.
Tom believed he could win.
Algeria needs to develop industries that would create jobs and real wealth.
Tom believed Mary would win.
Tom believed Mary could win.
Algeria needs to develop an agriculture that creates real wealth.
Algerians don't want a new dictator.
I believe that that's correct.
Algeria is a sovereign nation and its enemies need to mind their own business.
Tom believes ghosts exist.
Tom believes that that's correct.
Algeria needs to boot out these people.
Algeria has many millionaires.
I believe that that's it.
Algeria has a stable government.
I believe that that's possible.
Algeria has many opportunities to develop.
Tom believes that that's true.
Algeria needs to find new ways to extract its oil and gas in a cheaper way.
Algeria produces steel.
Algeria partnered with France to manufacture cars.
Is the Algerian government really willing to fight corruption?
Algeria has huge natural wealth.
You will love Algeria.
If you visit Algeria, you will love it.
I want to know what's happening in Algeria.
Her new collection of Kabyle dresses will be released tomorrow.
She has a new Kabyle dress.
Do you see that Kabyle dress?
She sent me pictures of Kabyle dresses.
It's worth visiting Algeria.
We will fight for Algeria.
We will fight and die for Algeria.
Don't mess with Algerians.
Yella Houha has the citizenship of a non-existent nation.
Yella Houha is the citizen of a non-existent nation.
Never mess with an Algerian unless you're insane and don't know what you're doing.
Of all the people of the Mediterranean region, Algerians are perhaps the craziest and most unpredictable. Never mess with an Algerian unless you're crazy and don't know what you're doing.
He's a good lawyer.
Algerians are extremely tough people.
Algerians and Italians are extremely tough people. Never mess with them.
Algerians are tough people.
My advice: never mess with an Algerian.
He's dating an Algerian girl.
He's dating another Algerian girl.
He's dating a girl from Algeria.
Kheireddine Zetchi is the president of the Algerian Soccer Federation.
Kheireddine Zetchi is the president of the Algerian Football Federation.
Algeria is really cool.
I've read how to cook tempura in a book.
He doesn't want to live in Algeria anymore.
Algerians aren't afraid of anyone.
He has an Algerian friend.
Glad you found this lesson useful.
I'm glad you found this lesson useful.
The head of the separatist government has sent a message of congratulation to his counterpart, the president of Sealand, whose country is celebrating its national holiday.
White spots on the tongue are one of the symptoms of a possible oral cancer, primarily caused by smoking. Even if you escape death, you risk losing part or all of your tongue.
Tobacco smoke contains more than seventy carcinogens, including benzene.
If you have any questions about the Berber language, write to this website.
He stayed in Algeria for like a week and a half.
He had to go back to Algeria.
He helped us move to Algeria.
Do you live here in Algeria?
After they finished having sex, she turned over and cried.
Please add me to your WhatsApp group.
Sign up to join us in the WhatsApp Group.
I can eat glass, it does not hurt me.
Sign up to join our WhatsApp Group.
I have the flags of every country in the world.
I woud like to add at least one sentence to Tatoeba every day.
Stop complaining and get weaving!
I like communicative people.
I wish I could join the WhatsApp Group.
I would like to participate in the WhatsApp Group.
I would also like to join the WhatsApp Group.
I would also like to get into the WhatsApp Group.
Who is the group administrator?
The group administrator is me.
I didn't enjoy this group.
I think I'll leave this group.
Who created this group?
This group is very weak because no one interacts with people.
I think I'll look for another group that's more interesting to me.
The early bird catches the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese!
I would like to be able to join the WhatsApp Group.
What are the rules of this group?
What are the rules of the group?
How do I join the WhatsApp Group?
I would like to join the WhatsApp Group.
I'd like to participate in the WhatsApp Group.
It will help you a lot when you speaking English.
Search for someone online to chat with you.
Search for someone online to practice English with you.
This is a great way to improve your English.
Trouble is tangible. Happiness can be realized, only when it was stolen from you.
This post is very useful.
Glad we're together.
I'm glad we're together.
Good to be together.
Good to know you're fine.
Glad to know you're fine.
Glad you're fine.
Good, you're fine.
Glad this information was helpful to you.
Thanks for sharing this video.
Thanks for sharing this super important information.
It is very useful to me.
Thank you for sharing it.
We resist our passions not because we are strong, but because they are weak.
You can help other people learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
Go to blazes!
I'll inbox you.
Add me on Facebook and send me a private message.
Filby became pensive.
You can help other people to learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
I am not the least bit interested in your sister.
Filby became pensive. “Clearly,” the Time Traveller proceeded, “any real body must have extension in four directions: it must have Length, Breadth, Thickness, and—Duration. But through a natural infirmity of the flesh, which I will explain to you in a moment, we incline to overlook this fact. There are really four dimensions, three which we call the three planes of Space, and a fourth, Time. There is, however, a tendency to draw an unreal distinction between the former three dimensions and the latter, because it happens that our consciousness moves intermittently in one direction along the latter from the beginning to the end of our lives.”
You can help others learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
Tom ain't the sharpest tool in the shed.
“That,” said a very young man, making spasmodic efforts to relight his cigar over the lamp; “that . . . very clear indeed.”
“Now, it is very remarkable that this is so extensively overlooked,” continued the Time Traveller, with a slight accession of cheerfulness. “Really this is what is meant by the Fourth Dimension, though some people who talk about the Fourth Dimension do not know they mean it. It is only another way of looking at Time. There is no difference between Time and any of the three dimensions of Space except that our consciousness moves along it. But some foolish people have got hold of the wrong side of that idea. You have all heard what they have to say about this Fourth Dimension?”
It will get colder soon.
Raising the prices of goods and services has no limit.
Tom waited at least one hour for Mary.
I lived in Australia for three months.
Life is change.
What an incredible view!
No animals allowed.
God does not look at appearance, God looks at what is within man.
Tom is frail.
The old man is frail.
Tom has something for Mary.
I don't read fiction.
Tom deleted the video.
I can't say any more.
Tom knew that Mary had told everyone that she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary had told everyone that she was going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary had told everyone she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary had told everyone she was going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary had told everybody that she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary had told everybody that she was going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary had told everybody she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary had told everybody she was going to do that.
There aren't any rumours about you.
There aren't any rumours about Tom.
What book would you suggest I read?
What book would you suggest that I read?
There aren't any rumors about Tom.
There aren't any rumors about you.
It's rumored that Tom will be arrested.
It's rumored Tom will be arrested.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be late.
Tom knew Mary was likely to be late.
Success depends as much on effort as on the right attitude to make it happen.
Tom and Mary have a platonic relationship.
Everyone believes dreams can come true.
Everybody believes that dreams can come true.
Everybody believes dreams can come true.
The afternoon sun comes straight into my room.
This country is not afraid of being attacked.
I completely got over my fear of heights.
We're not afraid of being attacked.
I completely overcame my fear of heights.
Hello, guys! Welcome to another video on my YouTube channel.
Hey, guys! Welcome back to my YouTube channel.
What's up, guys! Welcome back to my channel on YouTube.
Your content is very important.
We fell in love shortly afterwards.
They fell in love shortly afterwards.
Tom and Mary fell in love shortly afterwards.
The more phrases you learn, the easier your comprehension will be.
The more phrases you learn, the easier you will find your way.
Do you have enough sentences to find your way?
I'm glad that Tom made it home safely.
I'm glad Tom made it home safely.
I'm glad that Tom got home safely.
I'm glad Tom got home safely.
Can you and Tom come to dinner Monday night?
I've got three brothers.
I've gone to Boston a couple of times.
We always speak French at home.
Did you bring your ID card with you?
We have a colleague in Australia.
Which direction are you going?
Which car do you like more?
We're traveling to Boston.
I've brought coffee.
I've brought you a cup of coffee.
I never plan to go back to Australia.
We're going to the river to swim.
I'm glad that you made it home safely.
I'm glad you made it home safely.
I'm glad that you got home safely.
I read the French translation and I thought that it sounded OK.
I read the French translation and I thought it sounded OK.
I just thought that you might want something to eat.
I just thought you might want something to eat.
Kabylie is a special place.
This part of Kabylie is a wild and inaccessible land.
There are no lions in Kabylie.
In 1999, peace finally came back to Algeria.
Kabylie will never be Algeria's power keg.
I love the colorful fields of Kabylie.
The Djurdjura mountains are in Kabylie.
Kabylie is named after the Berber tribes that live in it.
The name Kabylie comes from the Arabic word "qaba'il" which means "tribes."
Kabylie is a beautiful mountainous region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle women wear beautiful traditional dresses.
Kabylie has gorgeous mountains.
In this part of Kabylie, nature thrives.
I don't believe that that's true.
Everybody is hoping that nothing bad will happen.
Everyone is hoping that nothing bad will happen.
He has always lived here in Algeria.
I wish that I had a car like this.
I think that we should start over.
I hope that I can impress my boss.
I think that I should go home now.
The Vandals were known for their merciless brutality.
I hope that it doesn't rain today.
The Vandals invaded North Africa in the fifth century A.D.
I hope that it doesn't snow today.
I think that this is what we need.
The Vandals wreaked havoc in North Africa.
I didn't know that we'd need that.
For a century, the Vandals ruled North Africa with an iron fist.
The Vandals were a predatory people.
North Africa was ravaged by the Vandals in the fifth century A.D.
The Vandals occupied all of North Africa's major towns.
We need to defend the Berber language.
The Vandals took over North Africa in the fifth century A.D.
I sometimes take a sleeping pill.
I hope that you're well.
I've lost a lot of money on the stock market.
Skura wanted to fight me.
Salas wanted to fight me.
Which one would you recommend that I buy?
Which one would you recommend I buy?
I would like to go to Australia.
Don't quit French.
Don't stop studying French.
When you've finished reading that book, could you lend it to me?
Can you break a five dollar bill?
I recommend Boston.
Monday was cold.
I think that that's wrong.
I think that it's wrong.
Can you help me translate this into French?
How much did our trip cost us?
Will you be driving to Boston by yourself?
The page was all in Berber.
The website was all in Berber.
Don't go to places like that at night.
He wrote them an email in Berber.
His Berber is poor.
His Berber is so poor.
Does he have any Algerian friends?
Can you tell if it'll rain tomorrow?
Don't forget to be here by 2:tomorrow.
Is it OK if we do this later?
Tom dropped out of college and started his own company.
I know Tom isn't interested in me.
I know that Tom isn't interested in me.
Tom and Mary fell in love shortly after they met.
How's the taste?
I wasn't hungry, so I didn't eat anything.
Forasmuch as you have desired so simple a woman to write in so worthy a book, good Master Lieutenant, therefore I shall, as a friend, desire you, and as a Christian, require you, to call upon God to incline your heart to his laws, to quicken you in his way, and not to take the word of truth utterly out of your mouth.
The term sepsis as now used in clinical surgery no longer retains its original meaning as synonymous with “putrefaction,” but is employed to denote all conditions in which bacterial infection has taken place, and more particularly those in which pyogenic bacteria are present.
Karl Marx said: Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering.
Atheism is natural. It's education which makes people believers.
You don't have balls.
They represent not only themselves but this institution as well.
You are really a genius.
Wow! What an amazing idea you had.
Where did you get this idea?
Wow! Your idea is great.
Wow! What a wonderful idea.
His idea is bad.
Their ideas are terrible.
Your ideas are not for me.
Your ideas are terrible.
Your ideas are not good.
Your ideas are too weak.
His idea is very different from ours.
Your idea is more or less.
Our ideas do not match.
She has the same idea as him.
He has the same idea as you.
He has the same idea.
She has the same idea.
We have the same idea.
We have the best ideas.
His idea is the same as mine.
I think she had an idea.
I think he had an idea.
I think they had an idea.
I think she has an idea.
I think he has an idea.
I think I had an idea.
I have many ideas.
She had an excellent idea.
We had an idea.
We have an idea.
They had a very good idea.
They had an idea.
His idea sounds a lot like mine.
His idea looks a lot like mine.
Her idea is very different from yours.
His idea is very different from yours.
This idea is also very good.
Your idea is very good.
Your idea is great.
Your ideas are very weak.
Your ideas are not interesting.
Your idea is very interesting.
His idea is very interesting.
She has good ideas.
He has a very good idea.
He said he has an idea.
Muslims believe the Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed by the archangel Gabriel.
The Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed by the archangel Gabriel.
Michael, Gabriel, Uriel, and Raphael are the four archangels mentioned in the Talmud.
The idea is the same.
She said she has an idea.
He has an idea.
He had an idea.
He has no idea what is going on.
Hey guys! We are starting another video on YouTube.
I didn't like her content.
I didn't like his content.
Her content is not very good.
His content is not very good.
It has very good content.
He has very good content.
Did you buy Neapolitan wafers, too?
She has very good content.
Her content is very important.
His content is very important.
I dreamed about changing my job.
I hope it is useful for you.
Scratch a Russian and you'll find a Tatar.
I usually don't drink red wine in summer.
So obviously we are not ready to have a pet yet.
Would you be willing to walk with him every day?
Well, obviously we're not ready to get a pet yet.
Yes, but they're so much work.
Yes, but they are a lot of work.
Dogs are more loyal than cats.
I prefer the dog.
What a beautiful dog.
What a cute cat.
What a beautiful cat.
I want to raise a pet as soon as possible.
I intend to create a pet as soon as possible.
If you were to have a dog, which dog would you have?
If you were to raise a dog, which dog would you raise?
If you were going to create a dog, which dog would you create?
It is obvious that we are not yet ready to raise a pet.
Some of the phrases we can use often in English.
I hope it helps you.
She's not ugly.
She isn't ugly.
He is not ugly.
He isn't ugly.
He's not ugly.
She contracted a bacterial infection called Clostridium difficile which turned into sepsis.
She didn't interest Tom.
Tom had a crush on Mary, but she wasn't interested in him.
Tom was in love with Maria, but she didn't want to know anything about him.
She was not interested in Tom.
I don't regret the time spent on Tatoeba. How could I?
Someone must be eating.
He decided to try again.
Tom has been behaving rather strangely of late.
I wish I had the whip hand.
You are being arrogant.
It wasn't me who pointed out his mistakes.
I had tea instead of beer tonight.
Help me take it apart.
Help me dismantle it.
The horse is an animal.
La Palice said, "A few minutes before his death, he was still alive."
Why does a proverb say: "A foreign cock is pecked by everyone"?
Good endurance is of great importance to the performance of many sports.
Why, then, does a proverb say: "A foreign rooster is pecked by everyone"?
Why, then, does a proverb say "A foreign rooster is conquered by everyone"?
She's not like us.
Tom said he didn't think Mary should do that inside.
Tom punched Mary playfully on the arm.
Mary punched Tom playfully on the arm.
Tom said that Mary shouldn't be in there.
Tom said Mary should not be there.
The mindset of this city is rotten.
Happy reading.
Happy reading!
Thirty years ago, a deadly hurricane ripped through the beautiful city of Charleston, South Carolina, destroying many of its historic homes and buildings.
A shortage of skilled artisans meant it took years to rebuild the city.
Today, a generation of aspiring artists is learning traditional building skills at a local college where job placement is 100%.
VOA’s Julie Taboh traveled to the fast-developing coastal city to see how students and faculty at this unique college meet a growing and urgent need.
Tom sanded a piece of wood.
In the Iron shop, Alex Fisher grinds down an iron door handle while Jeremiah Price and others use heat to soften the metal in theirs and hammer them into shape.
In an adjacent space, a group of young men measure, saw, and sand wood to make custom workbenches.
The students at this private, one-of-a-kind college are aspiring artisans.
Working in a building that was once a trolley barn, the students immerse themselves in an intense, hands-on program that trains them in traditional European craftsmanship – which many believe to be a vanishing art form.
Sophomore Steven Fancsali had already earned a degree in architectural design and worked as a designer for four years doing residential architecture before he learned about the school on a television program.
“My thought was ‘well I wish I had known about this years ago when I was actually looking at schools’,” he said.
I didn't like being behind a desk, I couldn't stand being cooped up...so I decided to just make a change.
The school was founded in the wake of Hurricane Hugo, which ripped through the southeastern coast of the United States in 1989.
The Category hurricane damaged or destroyed many of Charleston's historic homes and buildings.
There was an urgent need for experienced artisans who knew how to rebuild the city. But there weren’t enough of them.
In response to this shortage of skilled artisans, a group of local movers and shakers laid the groundwork that led to the founding of the American College of the Building Arts.
I'm coming home from work.
The school offers a Bachelor of Applied Science in Architectural Carpentry, Architectural Stone, Classical Architecture, Blacksmithing, Masonry, Plasterwork and Timber Framing
Students get to work with instructors like Arnaud Le Rouzic, who trained at Les Compagnons du devoir, a prestigious French organization made up of craftsmen and artisans who learn skills dating from the Middle Ages.
“I came here to share my knowledge and my experience with the younger generation of artisans,” Rouzic said.
Students also have opportunities to work off campus, on local community projects.
A sense of community is important to the college.
Students have built seats and shelters for local bus stops, created giant pizza ovens, and restored the ironwork on gates created by a renowned local ironwork artisan.
Stephen Clark, a junior, spent two months of his summer on a paid internship, helping to restore the home in Washington, DC that former President Abraham Lincoln used as a summer retreat during America's Civil War.
Clark says he'll never forget working on the home of one America's most revered presidents.
“Standing out looking over the balcony or looking out of a window that he was also looking out, it's one of those things that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up,” he says.
It's just an experience that I couldn't get anywhere else.
One graduate is part of a restoration team at the iconic Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, where he's helping to rebuild the 850-year-old landmark after a devastating fire tore through its roof and spire earlier this year.
“The students are proud of actually producing something,” Broadwater says.
That's why they came here.
I made that!
“The students are proud of actually producing something,” Broadwater says. “That's why they came here. And so they can sit there and say, I made that!”
He, too, is proud of what his students have accomplished.
He, too, is proud of what his students have accomplished and the school's 100% job placement record.
Thirty years after Hurricane Hugo, Charleston is a thriving coastal city.
Thirty years after Hurricane Hugo, Charleston is a thriving coastal city. But should disaster strike again, members of its artisan community are well prepared to help rebuild and restore.
A father who faked images depicting his son as a water polo star has been sentenced to four months in prison for using bribery to get his son into college.
California Governor Gavin Newsom has signed a first-of-its-kind law that will allow student athletes to hire agents and negotiate payments for the use of their name, image and likeness.
While college athletes are often offered extremely lucrative scholarships, the NCAA does not allow them to be paid.
"Other college students with a talent, whether it be literature, music, or technological innovation, can monetize their skill and hard work,'' Newsom said Monday. "Student athletes, however, are prohibited from being compensated while their respective colleges and universities make millions, often at great risk to athletes' health, academics and professional careers."
Newsom signed the bill on the HBO TV show hosted by Los Angeles Lakers basketball star LeBron James, who had supported the bill.
James tweeted that the signing was a momentous occasion.
The bill, which will undoubtedly face legal challenges, will not go into effect until 2023.
College sports in the United States is a large for-profit industry, with top schools raking in hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue.
For example, between and 2018, the University of California-Los Angeles (UCLA) took in more than $million from sports revenue.
The NCAA, the governing body of college sports programs, has rules requiring college athletes to remain amateurs — defined as not earning money for their participation in sports events.
University sports coaches are among the highest paid employees at their institutions, with some earning more than college presidents and chancellors.
A study by AthleticDirectorU.com shows that between and 2017, men's basketball head coaches at Big schools earned on average $2.million dollars for their work, while their female counterparts took in an average of $663,annually.
Critics have long argued that banning college athletes from earning money to play on their teams has been unfair, since schools and organizations like the NCAA have, over the years, regularly used the "likeness" of college athletes to generate profit for themselves through licensing and merchandise deals.
James argues that student athletes have long been unfairly compensated for their role in generating revenue for their schools.
Tom Martin has been a lobsterman for years.
Tom started lobstering as a summer job when he was years old.
Tom started lobstering as a summer job when he was years old, and then every summer until he went to college.
When he dropped out of school after a year, he began lobstering year round.
On this drizzly summer morning, Martin is out on his boat, the Lucky Catch, hauling traps out of Casco Bay off the southern coast of Maine.
Tom says he enjoys what he does, despite the hard work.
Every year is different … some years you catch a lot of lobsters, some years you don't.
But you just work as hard as you can and let the chips fall where they may.
Martin and other lobstermen in the area sell their catch to local wholesalers and restaurants, like Luke's Lobster, a waterfront restaurant in Portland Harbor, which serves about whole lobsters a day.
Working directly with local fishermen means customers get the freshest seafood, at a fairer price to fishermen.
Customer Tian-feng GU, a Chinese tourist who studies in Boston, raves about the restaurant's tasty crustacean.
"It's fresh, it's pretty tasty, and the price is really good!" she said.
She acknowledges that the Chinese "love their fresh seafood," especially the succulent shellfish for which Maine is so famous.
We have lobster in Boston, but I definitely like this more!
In July 2018, Beijing retaliated against U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods by raising their own tariffs on U.S. food and agricultural exports, which included live lobsters.
Work starts early at Sprouting Farms in Summers County, West Virginia.
Employees in this rural region of the state handpick the organic produce, rinse, prepare and box it up on site, ready to distribute to area customers.
The farm also serves as a training center for aspiring farmers who want to learn how to grow — and market — sustainable produce.
"Right now I would say half of our farmers maybe do not have access to solid internet or even cellphone communication to make these types of transactions happen," he says.
"It's just frustrating to know that very high-speed internet exists right down the road at a public school, and it can't find its way here," he says.
Once a thriving railroad community, the town now depends on high-speed internet to connect with the outside world.
Organic kale is hand picked, washed and packed on site at Sprouting Farms, West Virginia, for retail and wholesale.
"It's very difficult to operate a business without reliable broadband," Allman says.
"It's very difficult to operate a business without reliable broadband," Allman says. "We require it to support our back office functions, as well as the services we deliver to our clients. ... We also need mobile to support our people while they're trying to do their jobs.
"It's very difficult to operate a business without reliable broadband, without reliable mobile communications as well," he says. "The two really complement each other, and you need them in order to function on a day-to-day basis."
The topography of the state and low population levels are among the reasons why affordable broadband is lacking, he says.
It may be hard to believe that in modern-day America, not everybody has access to high-speed internet. But that is the reality for many Americans, especially those in rural areas of the country.
I must say it looks good.
Tom cried at Mary's funeral.
I hope no one saw me.
I hope that no one saw me.
I hope that nobody saw me.
Tom did that at night.
I heard you sneezing.
Tom said Mary shouldn't be in there.
Can you give me one of those?
Did you enjoy staying in Boston?
Are you too busy to help me today?
Can you meet me at 2:on Monday?
If you wanna run around, go outside.
If you want to run around, go outside.
Don't go outside. It's raining pretty hard out there.
How long will the flight be?
Tom is a pretty good poet.
Can I hire a guide who speaks French?
Can I call my friend in Australia?
Add a little more salt to the stew.
Can I borrow this for about three weeks?
I met somebody who knows Tom.
I met someone who knows Tom.
When you're finished using my tools, please put them back where you found them.
Don't do two things at the same time.
At that time, I was in Boston.
Boston was really wonderful.
Our club currently does not have a location.
Our club doesn't currently have a place to meet.
John is copying my sentence.
I thought that somebody had died.
I thought somebody had died.
I thought that someone had died.
I thought someone had died.
I think that I just heard someone.
I think that I just heard somebody.
I think I just heard somebody.
People who say "That's how it's always been" irritate me the most.
I need someone to believe in me.
I need somebody to believe in me.
People who say that that's how it's always been irritate me.
People who say that's how it's always been irritate me.
Tom became dangerously ill.
He doesn't look like a musician at all.
Tom and Mary have almost no income.
Tom doesn't look like a rugby player.
Then he released the cat from the bag.
He doesn't look sympathetic enough to me.
I didn't eat the cake, because I wasn't hungry.
I like swimming in salt water.
I know that this place is haunted.
I rarely go out on weekends.
I hardly ever go out on weekends.
Tom did most of the work himself.
I seldom go out on weekends.
I almost never go out on weekends.
Tom did most of the work by himself.
I'd like three kilos of onions.
I'd like a ten-pound bag of potatoes.
She was sick for three weeks.
I think that it might be a glitch.
Tom was sick in bed for three weeks.
Tom was sick for three weeks.
Tom was in the hospital for most of last year.
I hope that I'm not bothering you.
I work for a Canadian company.
The speech lasted for almost an hour.
Many students hardly sleep before exams.
I don't usually sleep well the night before a test.
How long did Tom's speech last?
How long was Tom's speech?
I wrote a book three years ago.
I think that we need more cookies.
I'm saving this food for later.
I walked three kilometers today.
I only walked about three kilometers today.
I suppose that you've got a point.
I'd like to know as well.
I, too, would like to know.
Tom was happy to help.
I have to find some new friends.
I need to find some new friends.
I'd love to try that out.
Tom was more than happy to help.
I'll come back home at 2:30.
I'll be back home by 2:30.
I just want to keep you safe.
I almost made a mistake.
I think that you're correct.
I think that you need to eat more.
I went skiing a lot when I was a kid.
I waited for thirty minutes.
I'm going to go get some milk.
Tom has been working as a carpenter for about three years.
Tom started working as a carpenter about three years ago.
You don't have to talk so loud. I can hear you OK.
How about Monday night?
How about getting together on Monday night?
How's Monday night?
Can you tell Tom that I called?
Can you tell Tom I called?
Can you see the ocean from your bedroom window?
Can you buy some sugar on your way home?
Can you count to ten in French?
I went to Boston in the summer.
I just got out of the shower.
I've just finished taking a shower.
I like the climate here.
Have you ever taught anybody French?
Have you ever taught in French?
French is the only language that I know how to speak.
French is the only language that I can speak.
French is the only language I know how to speak.
French is the only language that I'm able to speak.
French is the only language I'm able to speak.
French is the only foreign language that I'm able to speak.
French is the only foreign language I'm able to speak.
French is the only foreign language that I can speak.
French is the only foreign language I can speak.
French is the only foreign language that I know how to speak.
French is the only foreign language I know how to speak.
Tom didn't have a car.
Who else did you hit?
Tom denied he murdered Mary.
Tom denied that he murdered Mary.
I wonder who'll come.
Tom didn't believe us.
I was pretty excited.
I studied French in Boston.
I would really like to study French.
I'd really like to study French.
I love to float in the water.
Check out that car.
Check that car out.
I do think that it's a pity.
I do think it's a pity.
I brush my teeth at least twice a day.
I brush my teeth two or three times a day.
I usually have lunch there.
I get nervous when going through immigration.
I get nervous whenever I go through immigration.
I get nervous going through immigration.
I spent three hundred dollars on books.
I waited more than three hours.
I failed to get there in time.
I waited for more than three hours.
I haven't yet bought all the textbooks that I need.
I haven't yet bought all the textbooks I need.
I saw Tom enter the room.
I wanted time instead of money.
I hired some men to help me build my house.
I'd like to travel alone.
I think what you said is true.
I think that what you said is true.
Let’s drink to the prosperity of our common business!
I bet everything will turn out well.
I bet that everything will turn out well.
I suppose that you could say that.
I saw the boy wearing brown shoes.
I saw the boy who was wearing brown shoes.
I saw the boy that was wearing brown shoes.
I'm having trouble making up my mind.
I think that I'll come back later.
I heard the doorbell ring.
We didn't know exactly what to do.
Don't let anyone in this room.
Don't let anybody in this room.
Does this watch belong to someone here?
Does this watch belong to somebody here?
Can you play the saxophone?
Where can I get a bus to downtown?
We can pay three hundred dollars at most.
We can pay $at most.
Don't make any noise. Keep quiet.
I hope it'll be nice.
I wonder if it'll be nice.
I hope it'll be fine.
Don't skateboard here.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in meeting Mary.
Tom said he wasn't interested in meeting Mary.
I've been waiting all day for this to happen.
When did you first come to Australia?
Don't you have a passport?
I wish I were a tiger.
I wish that I were a tiger.
Can I meet you at 2:on Monday?
Put the following sentences into French.
Will you be at the meeting this afternoon?
Tom and I got on the same bus.
Tom and I were on the same bus.
We hope that you'll succeed.
We hope you'll succeed.
My father was Greek.
I don't dare open my mouth.
I guess that I have to trust you.
I think that I know your brother.
I hope that you enjoy spicy food.
I never thought that I'd find it.
I think that everything's OK now.
I think that everything's fine now.
I think that this should help us.
I didn't say that you were lying.
I hope that you found everything.
I hear that you're very talented.
Bees are flying insects.
I can't straighten my right arm.
"Hi! How are you?" "I'm OK, thanks. And you?" "I'm fine."
He acts as though he were the owner.
It got considerably colder.
After a while, crocodile.
Which movie genre do you prefer? Comedy or drama?
He won't remember.
You were running.
Bullseye!
I actually don't feel like going to the city.
I was hitting the brakes.
Someone messed with my bike.
He finished the book in one day.
Come on, what kind of human are you?
Maria was the last one to enter the room.
She couldn't concentrate anymore at all.
It probably fell out of my pocket.
I'm having a snack.
I'm taking a snack.
When the squash is pulled out, the trellis comes with it.
The snowberry is a popular ornamental shrub.
What an interesting song.
If you don't want to do it, then you don't have to do it.
I said, "Sir, let's just go west".
He listened obediently.
I was walking to the subway station.
Of course I want a sandwich!
She is not a pilot yet.
You should probably go to the store and buy some new peanut butter.
I work at a small supermarket in a nearby village.
The boy always sits on his own.
My father and I will fish once in a while.
It was me who reported him to the police.
Have you read Tatoeba's FAQ yet?
Do you know the longest word in your language?
I wonder if some people from Tatoeba know each other personally.
He drowns his sorrows in alcohol.
I thought that we were ahead of them.
Can you resurrect her?
Can you resurrect him?
Tom likes cars.
I will meet you.
It's more important that a dream can come true.
I was dreaming about fields of daisies.
Does the Netherlands have a king?
That is not correct.
He lives in a tiny village.
A river runs through the high mountains.
English is an easy language for Dutch people to learn.
All that she said was true.
Give her some space.
They work at a Swedish supermarket.
I don't like shopping at that supermarket.
The song made her cry.
She's not very good at singing.
There's a lot of them, aren't there?
This is such an annoying song!
I hate this song, to be honest.
I adore this musician.
We really don't like dogs.
It sent a rush down my spine.
I think this album is amazing.
I dislike fast food.
Does it still exist?
That's something that we will never understand.
I visit my grandmother every Monday.
She was screaming for help, but no one came.
I can't believe you let her do that to you!
It's amazing what a boy can do.
He likes to remix popular songs in his spare time.
Some teenagers start drinking at a very young age.
Some people disapprove of the education system in the Netherlands.
Before his date, he made sure to brush his teeth.
Those strawberries look amazing!
I'll have the raspberry pie, thank you.
Don't enter my room when I'm gone!
I had another sleepless night.
I don't think he'll ever stop liking that painting.
The dance was very abstract.
She always wanted to be a teacher.
Maybe he doesn't enjoy it as much as we thought he would?
It is a truly fascinating city!
I don't recognize myself.
I think that Norwegian is a very hard language to learn.
My professor is learning to speak Danish.
This bakery has the best pastries in town.
The construction of the huge building started a long time ago.
It's still not finished, even after all those years.
This is really dangerous.
Is there a place where I can pay respects for the death of his family?
Show some respect.
Between the three, there is the mother and the child. Then there is the father and the child.
I don't know, but I would guess so.
Where do I go to make an offering?
I am mourning the death of my family.
Don't you like cheese?
I'm fed up now!
Can I have some candy?
I would like to have a small coffee.
Do you want to buy some eggs for me?
You can't do that to her!
Approximately percent of freelancers expects more turnover next year.
There is a subtle difference between eroticism and pornography.
He pays by bank card.
If the job's so simple, let the major do it himself.
My Chinese grandfather is beaten to death by Japanese camp guards.
My Chinese grandfather was beaten to death by Japanese camp guards.
When the gears of a mill are ruined, what would its wheels be for?
That is an unfamiliar language to me.
I love mint ice cream.
I love ice cream with a taste of mint.
Mary has a lot of bags.
Tom has a lot of shoes.
I'm going to Utrecht.
I don't agree with that.
I think that's a very annoying sound.
What kind of instrument is that?
Tom is a pilot and a driver.
We live in the same house.
We live in the same street.
We live in the same village.
We live in the same city.
We live in the same town.
We live in the same region.
We live in the same country.
I'm trying to match these puzzle pieces.
I'm eating a raspberry.
That scared me.
What you resist, persists.
He's turning eighteen today.
You offered me harmony, if things were done your way/
It forms a mutual core.
I didn't know you had it in you.
You didn't know I had it in me.
She makes amazing videos.
She likes to make scrapbooks.
That's an amazing video game.
That's a boring video game.
That story is extremely long.
That color is hideous.
That colour is hideous.
I am leaving this harbor.
I'm leaving this harbor.
It creates an extremely scary atmosphere.
Tom's computer got hacked.
I'm scared for my life.
You are invading my privacy.
My mother won't accept this.
We were liars.
You didn't write that book.
The flames shoot high.
There is no one here to help.
The magnolia tree stands over the wide lawn.
The girls are running across the field.
We are walking through the forest.
I know my way in this village.
Tom's making his way across the bay in a boat.
We set this fire and now it's burning down the house.
I fall and I plunge down.
My arms and legs feel numb.
The building is burning.
Who set this fire?
She'll go to hell.
He'll go to hell.
I don't like that book.
It's the first day of my last week here.
It's the last day of my first week here.
I live on a small island.
This region is full with pretty islands.
What is your presentation about?
I stumble to the window.
It's a modern house.
Mary is making embroidered pillows for her son.
That's a beautiful family portrait.
We burned them all.
We didn't set the fire.
My spirit is broken.
The door is firmly locked.
Let me in!
Have you seen this dog?
Do you sell any pillows?
My grandmother likes to sew.
He's wearing the same clothes he had on last night.
This wine tastes awful!
Since 2010, it's been possible to perform radiation treatment on dogs and cats with cancer at the University of Utrecht.
People are right in saying that we really lend only to the rich!
Millionaire businesswoman Varisiri Methachittiphan is an immigrant success story.
She started out in the U.S. as a typical Thai student, eager to study and enjoy new experiences.
What happened next is pure internet magic.
Tom's cat is obsessed with boxes.
Tom's cat loves sleeping in boxes.
I never thought my cat would have millions of followers on social media.
Tom created a social media account for his cat.
More than one million plant and animal species are likely to become extinct due to human activity, according to a new report by the United Nations.
“In recent years we've noticed that the artists in our shows have been working with more renewable materials and methods that are environmentally safe,” said JoAnn Symons, president of the Smithsonian Women’s Committee. “So we’ve decided we would reward those efforts by offering the Sustainability Award every year in our show.”
Artisan John Guertin combines his love of architecture and the environment by creating one-of-a-kind birdhouses and feeders using wood from century-old barns from his home state of Michigan.
Each of his painstakingly crafted birdhouses is made with wood he recovers from the remains of old barns that have fallen into disrepair.
“If you can use recycled material from old sources to bring new generations of birds into the world -- and other creatures -- it makes a wonderful statement about our purpose in the world, that we don’t just exploit it, but rather we give something back,” he explained.
Many of his creations, which include homes for bats and owls, have a Victorian theme.
Former President Gerald Ford commissioned a birdhouse with a stars and stripes theme.
Mimi Kerchner enjoys collecting scraps of materials to add charming touches to her “art” toys, which include many types of animal figures.
Textile artist-designer Mary Jaeger, who works in a factory in Brooklyn, New York, blends the time-honored elegance of Japanese textiles with contemporary Western designs.
Launched by the city three years ago, the ambitious program mails one high-quality book every month to the family’s doorstep.
I realized that his exposure to these books has really expanded his vocabulary.
When I first got elected to the Council, I had a 2-year-old daughter—she's now—and I saw that in her bedroom she had dozens and dozens if not a hundred books. That's not the reality for every home in DC.
I wanted to do something quickly about early childhood education and early literacy.
“Teaching him another language is something I've always had an interest in,” she says.
Getting that exposure to another language at an early age is definitely important.
The books are carefully selected to teach other important skills as well.
We were outside exploring, and one of his friends wanted to step on one of the bugs and he said, "Oh no, don't squish bugs" — a part of one of the books that we read with him — so I thought that was pretty cool to see him make that connection between the two.
Renowned singer/songwriter Dolly Parton’s Imagination Library is a book gifting program that mails free, high-quality books to children from birth until they begin school, no matter their family’s income.
Rain is essential for life.
Tom adopted a cat from the local animal shelter.
Tom adopted a dog from the local animal shelter.
Why are you always contradicting me? You cannot accept from time to time that I may be right?
Tom tried not to let his mind wander.
Tom let his mind wander.
Mary tried not to let her mind wander.
Tom decided to adopt a cat from a local animal shelter.
By the late 19th century, slavery was over, but the American South was still rife with discrimination and injustice for rural African American sharecroppers.
The Jim Crow laws, which were in effect from the 1880s to the 1960s, were state and local mandates that enforced racial segregation in the American South. The most common types of these laws outlawed intermarriage and required businesses and public institutions to separate their black and white patrons.
Sears let customers buy on credit, which gave African Americans the option to bypass the local country store, where black customers had to wait until the white customers were served.
Tom recited the Lord's Prayer.
Tom read a passage from the Gospel of Matthew.
The priest recited a sermon.
Lobsters are crustaceans.
That looks tacky.
There's a 100% chance of rain.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We don't have enough water.
We need drinking water.
I'm a very lucky person.
I think I'm a very lucky person.
My father comes to visit me from time to time.
Tom gets in trouble from time to time.
Every child behaves badly from time to time.
Long live Mary!
Who else did you see?
Tom did something with Mary.
Do we still have time?
Tom didn't have money.
I suspect Tom does it once in a while.
I suspect Tom does that once in a while.
"Monday" in Portuguese is a compound word.
My uncle comes to see me once in a while.
I think that it was strange that Tom didn't say anything.
I think it was strange that Tom didn't say anything.
I still enjoy playing tennis once in a while.
I've almost finished doing what needs to be done.
I'm almost finished with what I have to do.
Tom does some funny things every once in a while.
We go out and have dinner together every now and then.
Let's go out and have dinner together every once in a while.
I own a lot of land.
I have a female cat.
We get face to face.
We stand face to face.
We sat face to face.
We live near a large library.
We live near a large bookstore.
This is the best audio I've ever heard in English.
This was the best audio I've ever heard!
It has been hard lately.
The government has enacted a law to limit the benefits that executives receive in large companies.
This video made me cry. I won't lie anymore.
God's wealth is circulating in my life.
Good luck to all of you who have found your way.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have done that inside.
Can you help me figure out what to do?
I went to Boston last fall.
I remember that word.
When is your next game?
When is your next concert?
Keep your hands off my money.
We arrived in Boston last night.
We got here last night.
We work about eight hours a day.
We learned how to read French.
We have to finish the work in one day.
Your guitar is out of tune.
Tom and I get along really well.
We pitched our tents before dark.
We saw Tom get on the bus.
I saw Tom get off the bus.
I reckon that you should do that.
I said that I'll do that for you.
I sure hope that you can do that.
I think that I can do that again.
I think that I can do that alone.
I think that you're a good coach.
I think that you're going to win.
I think that you're good-looking.
I wish that I knew what happened.
I wish that we'd left early, too.
I'd hoped that you could do that.
I hope that someone will do that.
I hope that somebody will do that.
I added my name to the list.
I didn't think that I'd be early.
I didn't think that I'd get hurt.
Tom said that Mary shouldn't have done that inside.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't do that inside.
Tom told Mary she shouldn't do that inside.
Do you think that you need to destroy my things?
Do you think that you need to destroy my stuff?
Do you think that you have to destroy my things?
Do you think that you have to destroy my stuff?
We're surprised at the news.
We're to get married in October.
I hope Tom didn't miss the bus.
I hope that Tom didn't miss the bus.
Will you be doing that this afternoon?
I've been to Boston on business.
Did you enjoy going camping with Tom?
Did you enjoy camping with Tom?
How about three weeks from Monday?
We don't have any classes today.
What songs are you going to sing?
We're in the black this month.
Do you still have the guitar that I gave you?
Do you still have the guitar I gave you?
Can you see Mt. Fuji from here?
We don't need any more volunteers right now.
We don't need any more volunteers at this time.
Did the policeman say anything to you?
We miss Tom a whole lot.
Can you bring my trunk down from upstairs?
Can you run as fast as Tom?
Can you run as fast as Tom can?
Do you grow tomatoes in your garden?
Can I borrow three hundred dollars from you?
Can you still play golf as well as you used to?
Make sure that you're here by 2:30.
Can you explain to me exactly how that happened?
I wish that you could see us here.
I would say that it's a gray area.
I bought a new chopping board.
I think that I'll have the salmon.
I hope that you got what you need.
I remember the day that I met you.
I suppose it's a bit silly for me to worry about something like that.
I suppose it's a bit silly.
I think that that's up to you now.
I suppose that it's a bit silly.
I suppose that it's a bit silly for me to worry about something like that.
I insist we do this now.
I guess that that'll be up to you.
I suppose that I should thank you.
I bet that you tell everyone that.
I never thought that I'd say this.
I hope that we get away with this.
I know that it's been a long trip.
I didn't say that this was heaven.
I think that you've helped enough.
How did you make this?
Tom didn't ask Mary to come.
How old is that house?
Tom does the shopping.
How old is this piano?
Tom didn't ask Mary to help.
I couldn't see anyone.
Tom tried to scare me.
I couldn't see anybody.
It's a race against time.
It was a race against time.
Tom must be held accountable.
I'm safe again.
I am safe again.
He was sent home to Algeria to recuperate.
He is in the mosque.
They fought in the mosque.
They were kicked out of the mosque.
He hasn't gone to the mosque for a long time.
He was allowed to film in the mosque.
He wants to film the video in a mosque.
He filmed the mosque.
He goes to the mosque with his daughter.
He called the local mosque.
He used to go to the mosque.
The mosque is far from his house.
He goes to the mosque by car.
He prayed the asr in the mosque.
He had a fight in the mosque.
He was kicked out of the mosque for fighting.
He was sitting in a corner of the mosque.
They talked about that in the mosque.
When he's in the mosque, he looks very serious.
He was praying in the mosque.
He is in the mosque, reading the Quran.
He never takes his phone to the mosque.
He always turns his phone off when he's in the mosque.
He left his phone in the mosque.
He forgot his phone in the mosque.
He found a phone in the mosque.
He took a picture of the mosque.
He took these pictures in the mosque.
They argued in the mosque.
They go to the mosque every day.
He was the only person in the mosque.
He left the mosque at 4:p.m.
He met Salas in the mosque.
He teaches the Quran in the mosque.
He teaches the Quran at the mosque.
He prays in the village mosque.
He found Salas's phone in the mosque.
He took his shoes off and went into the mosque.
He visited our mosque twice.
He visited a mosque in Bejaia.
He wanted to visit a Shia mosque.
He wanted to go to a Shia mosque.
He wanted to pray in a Shia mosque.
He was too shy to walk into the mosque.
He prayed in India's largest mosque.
He entered the mosque.
He took his shoes off and entered the mosque.
He works at the mosque.
He came here to the mosque.
It's time to go to the mosque.
He goes to the mosque five times a day.
He lives near the mosque.
His house is in front of the mosque.
He is ready to go to the mosque.
He wants to help people understand Islam better.
He wants to help people have a better understanding of Islam.
He goes to the mosque early in the morning.
He broke his fast in the mosque.
He is inside the mosque.
He wants to see you in the mosque.
Come to the mosque.
Mosques need to be kept clean.
How did you come to Islam?
God wants you.
He often joked about Islam.
He wanted to visit a mosque.
A mosque is a place of worship.
Let's visit a mosque.
Are you Muslims?
He took her to the mosque.
He brought me a selection of books about Islam.
Why is he giving me books about Islam?
He began to read the Quran.
He finished reading the Quran.
Islam isn't a racist religion.
Islam rejects racism.
He improved his knowledge of Islam.
Slowly, he was falling in love with Islam.
He became acquainted with many Muslim circiles.
He was in love with Islam.
He was terrified of Islam.
He was in love in Islam, but also terrified of it.
He decided to head straight to the mosque.
He was welcomed warmly by the imam.
He decided to go to the mosque.
When he got to the mosque, he was welcomed warmly.
He went to the mosque with his friends.
God is calling me to Islam.
He was ready to be a Muslim.
He said he was ready to be a Muslim.
He wanted to go to the mosque with her.
Come inside the mosque.
Go inside the mosque.
He said he went to a mosque to learn more about Islam.
He is a convert to Islam.
He was invited to the mosque.
He asked her to come to the mosque.
He went to the mosque library.
She was born into a Muslim family.
His mother is Jewish and then, she converted to Islam.
He studied the Quran at the mosque.
He said he couldn't find rest in Islam.
He had an issue with Islam.
He left Islam.
Did he really leave Islam?
He started going to the mosque a lot.
The imam became like a dad to me.
In a mosque, men and women are separated.
In a mosque, men and women pray separately.
He is interested in Islam.
He is interested in the Quran.
He loved studying the Quran at the mosque.
He didn't really think about converting to Islam.
He never talks about Islam.
He was dating a Muslim girl.
He says the Quran is his favorite book.
He loves reading the Quran.
Islam isn't violent.
Islam is not a violent religion.
Can you wear the hijab in Canada?
She wanted to wear the hijab.
She wanted to wear hijab.
He wanted to learn about Islam.
He wanted to learn about the Quran.
He recommended her to read the Quran.
Islam brought me a great sense of peace.
He listened to the Quran.
He was listening to the Quran.
He doesn't want to convert to Islam.
He didn't want to convert to Islam.
He is just interested in learning about Islam.
He taught Berber in Canada.
He converted to Islam in Algeria.
He became Muslim in Algeria.
He took his shahada in Algeria.
You can't imagine how beautiful she is when she wears a Kabyle dress.
Islam is amazing.
He took the shahada when he was in Algeria.
He lives in a Muslim community.
He is a Muslim convert.
He has decided to convert to Islam.
Islam is perfect and people are people.
Islam is perfect but you can't expect Muslims to be perfect.
Islam is a perfect religion but Muslims are just people.
Islam is the right choice.
He came here in 2014, not knowing anything about Islam.
He was invited here to Algeria to teach Berber linguistics.
He can't speak Berber.
He read the Quran over and over again.
He has no knowledge of Islam.
He asked many questions about Islam.
He believes in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
He found this in the Quran.
Jesus is mentioned in the Quran.
Adam and Eve are mentioned in the Quran.
He came to the mosque.
He is a typical Muslim man.
He felt compelled by God to convert to Islam.
He opened the door of the mosque and walked in there.
He is a Muslim from Algeria.
Is it OK if I come inside the mosque?
In the mosque, the imam leads the prayer.
The imam was so friendly to me.
He asked the imam to teach him the Quran.
He asked the imam to teach him how to pray.
He has a Berber translation of the Quran.
He converted to Islam in a mosque located in a neighborhood of Bejaia.
Islam is simple and clear.
Islamic teachings are simple and clear.
Nothing is comparable to God.
Muslims believe in angels.
Muslims believe in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims believe in the Quran.
Muslims believe in Moses.
Muslims believe in Abraham.
Muslims believe in God's messengers.
Muslims believe in Isaac.
Muslims believe in the Day of Judgment.
Muslims believe in life after death.
Muslims believe in the great Judgment Day.
Muslims believe in the day of reckoning.
Muslims believe in destiny.
Muslim believe in predestination.
How can one become a Muslim?
The shahada is saying verbally that there is no god worthy of worship except Allah and Muhammad, peace be upon him, is his messenger.
Fasting is an important part of Islam.
The pilgrimage is performed in Mecca.
Muslims perform hajj in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
In our mosque, there was a library.
Abraham was commanded by God to leave his parents because they were worshiping idols.
He has found absolute peace in Islam.
He found friendship and hope in Islam.
He took his shahada in 2014.
His conversion to Islam was the best decision he had ever made in his life.
He asked many questions about the Quran.
He was raised Muslim.
The Kaaba was built by Abraham and his son, Ishmael.
He took his shahada at home.
He took his shahada officially in a mosque.
Read about Islam.
Listen to the Quran.
He never fasted Ramadan in his life.
He started praying, asking God to help him and guide him.
Is Trump fit to hold office?
Will Trump be impeached?
Can Trump be impeached?
Can Trump be trusted?
Japan's inflation rate is 2%.
The assistant referee raised his flag for offside.
Don't you dare tell anyone else what I said.
Here is a lion.
If the hotel has got a spare room, then book it.
I was assigned to paint an office in our company.
Today is a historic day.
Yesterday was a historic day.
Tomorrow will be a historic day.
I prefer the big one over the little one.
Once a teacher, always a teacher.
I hope we can get away with this.
Once a teacher, forever a teacher.
I think I'm going to have salmon.
He will leave his name, he will remain forever, for eternity.
In the past, things were arranged at a glance; now we cannot do it even in war, or that's how it seems.
However, I was only guessing: great tragedies have always occurred.
Algeria has tremendous potential.
He teachers Berber at the university of Bejaia.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra." is like "Someone is attacking an ash tree with a sickle," one of our friends tells us.
One Piece is popular.
There is a big crystal in his room.
A sports brand and anime collab has been announced.
Why do we have to die?
I will pay with a credit card.
Do you eat salad?
No, I'm not Brazilian, I'm Portuguese.
She is only interested in playing.
Your ears are really small.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "Someone is attacking a mountain with a hoe", says another of our friends.
GPS stands for "Global Positioning System."
Do it when you return.
Children in Spain receive their gifts on the day of the Three Kings.
The store is not open on Thursdays.
Wait where you would like.
I don't want to leave today.
Your car is a shit magnet.
Even prisoners get yard time.
Please, look at me.
We're not going to do anything to embarrass you.
The work has no structure.
You know how to speak French fluently.
He is afraid he might lose.
To fall in love is one thing, to get married is another.
I understand and respect your intention.
I lost my eyesight twenty years ago.
That group of feminists exited into the streets another time; this time they protested while naked.
Excluding me, there were people in the room.
He is not Finnish.
There are many European immigrants in the United States.
I played with a lot of dolls when I was a girl.
It's good that it's snowing.
Helena likes to play tennis.
I was stuck in a traffic jam.
This window's glass is very fragile.
Am I speaking with him?
He bought me coffee.
The doctor recommended that I stop smoking.
They discovered a new chemical that can make sweets more flavorful.
Maria is no saint.
Did you meet a lot of interesting people at the party?
The elevator was not working.
Tom was not surprised that Mary was there.
Maria is missing a tooth.
Your daughters are such great girls.
I don't remember what we were talking about.
Why do you always lie?
Would you like to be my spouse?
They don't love each other.
There needs to be a separation between politics and religion.
When will autumn arrive?
He doesn't know anything about Algeria.
Happiness is priceless.
Eukaryotes are biologically superior to prokaryotes.
The lift was not working.
I think he's having a mid-life crisis and he needs a therapist.
An odd thing just happened.
He can't even remember the name of that disease.
He wants to reconnect with her.
He bought me beer.
He decided to take her suggestion.
His neighbors are nosy.
He decided becoming an actor.
He received a text from his agent.
This doesn't mean that he's an asshole.
This doesn't mean that he's a monster.
He's doing big things.
He thinks he's doing big things.
He wants to help his friends.
He wants to help his brothers.
He wants to help his sisters.
He wants to help his parents.
He wants to help his family.
He doesn't want to impose himself on them.
He's too dependent on the opinions of others.
He doesn't care what you're thinking about him.
He let her control his life.
She's a close friend of hers.
He doesn't care about the opinions of other people.
Do not open the door.
Tom told me how to do this.
Tom told me how to do it.
How did you learn how to do this?
My brother told me how to do it.
My brother taught me how to do it.
My sister told me how to do it.
My sister taught me how to braid hair.
My brother taught me how to swim.
It's not an easy subject to write about.
It's not an easy subject to talk about.
Tom loves the smell of clean laundry.
Tom cut down on his spending.
Tom and Mary grow a lot of their own food.
Can you run faster than Tom?
Did the policeman tell you anything?
Why do you want to come back to Kabylie?
I can't believe your mother let you go.
Tom does not have a bike, but I have one.
Tom has no bike, but I have one.
We went for a swim in the river.
Tom looks okay today.
Tom looks good today.
I'm not the same person that I was before.
Have you been studying for more than three hours?
The easiest way to find it out is asking her.
Did you go to Boston or Chicago?
Can you write a letter in French for me?
Reading Tatoeba sentences, I sometimes have déjà vu.
Where will you go for vacation?
Did you live in Boston last year?
Have you ever been to Boston in the summer?
Can you understand what the writer's trying to say?
The easiest way to find out what you want to know is to ask Tom.
Where do you plan to go for vacation?
I ate at a Chinese restaurant yesterday.
I knew I'd been there.
I sent you a new email.
I suppose that you're right.
I sold it for three hundred dollars.
I bought a baseball bat.
Girls seem to like Tom.
I heard you hiccuping.
Tom dedicated a song to Mary.
I got tired of losing.
Why didn't Tom finish?
Tom didn't even notice Mary.
I don't care for that.
Tom has been behaving very strangely.
Tom has never seen Mary without makeup.
Tom has almost no income.
I suspect that Tom does that once in a while.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle, but I do.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle, but Mary does.
Tom is a very frugal person.
He is fluent in Berber.
How does Tom feel about you?
He got her a ring.
He got her a huge ring.
He heard her say that.
He's marrying her for Green Card.
He converted to Christianity to marry a French girl and get French citizenship.
Meriem? That must be Arabic for Mary.
He's too skinny.
She abandoned her duty to her husband.
He was seeing other women.
She is frigid.
He enjoys sex.
His mom hates Skura.
Brangelina was my favorite Hollywood couple.
He hates everyone from Algeria.
You're Algerian and she's Algerian, too.
He had a full bottle of olive oil.
He drinks olive oil.
He is also Algeria.
They're both from Algeria.
What does he look like naked?
He turned out to be married.
He has been waiting for this forever.
She is dating his brother.
He loves his brother.
He doesn't feel that way about her.
He doesn't feel anything.
"Her husband looks like a reanimated corpse." "She married him for money."
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about why you're doing this.
He felt nothing.
He promised he would leave me alone.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about who you are and why you're doing this.
Take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what's going on.
He is a great guy.
They are lucky to have each other.
He just needs to rest.
He saw her lips move.
He looks younger.
He took me home.
He should play darts more often.
I think that you're just jealous.
Berber is such a beautiful language.
You have something in your teeth.
He sent her a younger picture of himself.
I was the one who made that.
She has just finished doing her nails.
He was talking to Salas and Skura.
He is moving to Algeria.
He has already started dating somebody else.
There's a hundred percent chance of rain.
He is upset about Skura.
Skura is a colorful name.
He is still in love with her.
He is incredibly handsome.
There's a thirty percent chance of rain.
He is defenseless.
It isn't an easy subject to write about.
It isn't an easy subject to talk about.
Sometimes his voice gets deep.
He worked for the mafia.
He works for the mafia.
His grandfather worked for the mafia.
He was in possession of stolen goods.
Who doesn't love a British accent?
I think that I'm a very lucky person.
He is acting a little insane.
He has always been married.
He is attracted to her.
He was always single.
You have to have in order to give.
He was honest.
He was staring at her legs the whole time.
He was staring at her chest the whole time.
He was staring at her boobs the whole time.
That's something that we'll never understand.
He is waxing the floor.
He is doing a new movie.
It's a shame he's being deported.
Tom is learning to speak French.
Why aren't you at your meeting?
I hope he's not drinking.
While you're at the supermarket, could you buy some eggs for me?
He is just confused.
I know your mind is on Skura.
It took us three days to walk through the forest.
I don't want to know your life story.
I didn't like that book.
He is incapable of standing trial.
Tom lives on a small island.
Do you sell pillows?
He's not competent to stand trial.
This wine tastes awful.
He heard typing.
This wine tastes pretty bad.
This wine tastes terrible.
I'd like to see you in my room.
He is crazy for her.
He chose Skura over Linda.
She looks beautiful to him.
May I kiss the bride now?
He might go to jail.
He was just so handsome.
She is jealous of Skura.
She's getting jealous.
She's so gorgeous.
Tom suffers from insomnia.
It's smells great. What are you cooking?
He refused to come out of that room.
He can't stay locked in his room for ever.
It's still windy.
They immigrated from Algeria.
Is it still snowing?
He can never face that woman again.
Is it still windy?
Some of the windows are still open.
Tom has already closed all the windows.
Stop complaining and get back to work.
I usually don't drink red wine in the summer.
We're not open on Monday.
The store where I work isn't open on Mondays.
The elevator wasn't working.
He worshiped that girl.
He has never had the guts to talk to her.
Nothing could stop them.
This is a Wartburg car with a two-stroke engine and with the gear changer on the steering column.
Behave like a grown woman.
Why don't you message her?
Why don't you text her?
How about we grab a drink some time?
He gave me hope.
He's back in town.
He needs a place to stay.
He's not feeling well.
He's waiting in the other room.
He's a hypocrite.
He thinks he's gifted.
He thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
I had a major crush on you when we were in college.
Put her on the phone.
He's a lowlife bastard.
She looks fantastic.
She means nothing to me.
They need glasses.
He's feeling unappreciated and ignored.
I think that that's a very annoying sound.
He found it in his closet.
He wanted to be buried in his uniform.
He wanted to be buried in his suit.
Thank you. You have opened my eyes.
Tom didn't buy Mary anything.
Sorry if I have startled you.
Somebody messed with my bike.
He's gurgling with soda.
He's getting married in four months.
He hasn't met her yet.
You must try this couscous.
He took a bicycle repair class.
Let's celebrate this with some couscous.
They were honeymooning in Algeria.
She wanted to be buried in her best Kabyle dress.
He had a lisp as a child.
He lost his lisp.
He lost his lisp at fourteen.
I will never forget his dying words.
He died in an avalanche.
In one way, she reminds me of Skura.
Skura is lovely.
He used to lisp.
Today's topic is the Berber language?
We're talking about the Berber language.
They say sports agents are predators.
I choose you.
He's a good decent person.
The man is dead. Show some respect.
I can't eat at a time like this.
Who authored this article?
Dinner is now served.
He who knows more has the real power.
They must choose.
He is right about it.
He is right about that.
He is right about this.
He is really worried about me.
He likes chubby girls.
He's into chubby girls.
He traveled all over Algeria.
Would you mind if I borrowed your newspaper?
Excuse me, would you mind if I borrowed your newspaper?
Excuse me, would you mind if I borrowed your magazine?
I can never allow you to offend me like this.
I can never allow you to offend my wife like this.
I can never allow you to offend my family like this.
Who gave you this bruise?
I saw her hit herself.
She became hysterical.
She got hysterical.
She became totally insane.
She doesn't have anything to fear.
Don't you dare lay a finger on me.
If you lay a finger on me, I'll break your arm.
They're so determined to ruin our projects.
I'm sick and tired of these bastards.
I'm sick and tired of these lowlife bastards.
"I love you so much." "I love you, too."
I feel so good when you're around.
We've been practising for the competition for several weeks.
I'd rather be dead than be the mistress of anyone.
Tom has beautiful handwriting.
She's Skura's godsister.
Let go of my arm. You're hurting me.
Don't you walk out on me, Skura.
What has she got that I haven't got?
Tom lost some books from the school library.
I there something wrong with your leg?
I saw him limping just now.
I'm not used to living in poverty.
I am the one who invited you to dinner.
Every time you come near me, everything turns upside down.
Of course he's coming to the party!
His first working day was very hard.
You know that I don't like to be disturbed while I'm working.
You know that I don't like to be disturbed while I'm reading.
I'm looking for the earring that Skura lost.
You have no idea who you're dealing with.
Give me a raise.
Don't be so bitter.
The one responsible is your mother.
What has he done to you this time?
This is a police station.
He could be in danger.
Is that right, chief?
He has declared war on us.
Do you want me to say it in Berber?
He was just playing with me.
You have no right to even mention her name.
I know you are a hypocrite.
He barges over my room all the time.
He barges over my office all the time.
I don't like him barging over my office all the time.
I hope you're telling me the truth.
This company is as much yours as it is mine.
This language is as much yours as it is mine.
They should be locked up in jail.
Please don't be so hard on me.
Skura is a Berber teacher.
He's dating a Berber teacher.
She's really special to me.
Love makes you temporarily insane.
I'm sorry you saw that.
I'm sorry he did that.
That's definitely going to leave a stain.
That sentence sounds a bit odd.
You can't say no to her.
Please don't say no to me.
I'm going to add some new words.
Do you understand this question?
Is it complete yet?
We're going camping tomorrow.
Mary likes plants.
Mary likes cooking.
Mary likes to dance.
He's an amazing actor.
He is a famous actor.
Have you ever been to Slovenia?
He gave me a blueprint.
Mary is interested.
He offered me to stay for dinner.
We're going to the cinema.
It's an old computer.
The old computer stopped working ages ago.
I don't think I'll be able to fix your broken phone.
After he dropped his phone, it stopped working.
He now works at a supermarket.
This is the biggest supermarket in town.
She is the owner of a candy store.
She doesn't like candy.
Will Tom get any better?
I'm not very good at that.
It's been raining for two days now.
He started taking pictures of my house.
He wasn't working hard.
I used to love him.
I used to love her.
I never do that!
Foxes are my favorite animal.
I don't need a Facebook account to have friends.
Mary took twice as long as Tom to get dressed.
Mary double checked her makeup.
The protesters chanted, "No borders! No wall! No U.S.A. at all!"
Down with borders!
Results can vary.
Time is scarce.
Tom didn't want to waste time.
My brother taught me that.
Today, I was at work and I returned home late.
I wonder if there is a recession coming.
What law have I broken?
This year is one of the most dry ones that they remember.
It has been weeks since it rained.
Tom bought something.
"Where are you from?" "Algeria." "I'm from Algeria, too."
He owns a coffee shop.
He owns a tea shop.
He likes being called Salas.
I'm really disappointed in you, guys.
It's OK to grieve.
He sent her flowers.
He sent her a box of chocolate.
He left his wallet in the glove compartment.
What exactly did he tell her?
Kabylie, Algeria, is almost a small world of its own.
Our village lies in the midst of the Djurdjura mountains, in Kabylie, Algeria.
I miss her less.
I miss her less and it's better.
Now I miss her less and that's better.
It is cold in Algeria.
They drink a sweet milky tea.
He was walking in the water.
He has to walk in the water.
He lives in the high mountains of Kabylie, Algeria.
He lives in a Kabyle village, in Algeria.
The cold has already struck us to the marrow.
What do you do when you see a shark?
It seems we are stuck for the moment.
Is the ice strong enough to support us?
Is the ice thick enough to support us?
The river is extremely cold.
The water is extremely cold.
The lake is extremely cold.
He broke through the ice and slipped into the water.
He can't continue walking on the ice.
He can't cross the river here.
He broke through the ice, fell into the water and died.
He was wearing rubber boots.
He crossed the river with rubber boots.
He fell into the river with his backpack.
He managed to cross the river.
The road got really steep.
Everyone managed to cross the river.
It's scary to look down.
The mountain is high and it's scary to look down.
The building is very high and it's scary to look down.
He was held up because of high water.
The water in the river is up to the knee.
He's right in the middle of the river.
The rubber boots are impermeable.
The river is impassable.
His boots are not high enough.
He needs to be carried.
He's exhausted and need to be carried.
Water is seeping into my rubber boots.
He has to cross the river four times.
This road leads to Larbaa Nath Irathen.
The rocks are too steep.
They are eating couscous.
Begone, thot!
Nepal was a kingdom.
He drove to Kabylie.
Algeria is home to more than forty million people.
He was stuck in an avalanche.
Have you ever been stuck in an avalanche?
Goods from all over Algeria come to this market.
The local language here is Berber.
I want to know the meaning of this Berber proverb.
Keep an eye on the road.
On occasion, the Indian army closes the road to civilian traffic to accommodate convoys.
There are no guardrails in this part of the highway.
There are no guardrails in this section of the highway.
The road is very bumpy.
The road is very bumpy in this area.
This steep road puts a lot of strain on the engine.
"I have a headache." "It's altitude sickness."
I'm gonna do everything in my power to keep you safe.
I'm gonna do everything in my power to protect you.
This road is a death traps.
This river is a death trap.
This lake is a death trap.
This mountain pass is a death trap.
This pass is a death trap.
Keep an eye for falling rock.
This is a two-way road.
I shouldn't spend too much time here.
The engine stalled.
The military shut down the northern access of the road to civilian traffic.
It's beautiful up here.
The truck passed very close to the edge of the road.
This is a really dangerous section of the road.
The road is wide enough for the truck to pass.
The road is wide enough for the bus to pass.
I feel the tires sliding.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco remain high.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco remain volatile.
After that village, the road quality improved.
Owls are birds of prey.
The sun was setting and it was getting dark.
She crossed the river.
They drink a buttery tea.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful places in Algeria.
I have always been fascinated by Berbers.
I have always been fascinated by Algeria.
Very little has been written about this Berber dialect.
Tom was looking for his umbrella, but he didn't find it.
They went to collect wood.
Kabyle women look magnificent.
Kabyles are highly proud people.
He taught his sons how to carve wood.
He carves wood.
"What are you carving?" "A spoon."
He took his wooden spoons to a nearby village to sell them.
Our village is on the top of that steep hill.
This hill is ridiculously steep.
The pottery will be decorated with Berber symbols and sold to tourists.
Tuaregs hold their traditions dear.
The mood has become more relaxed.
He carves and sells wooden bowls.
Kabyles are a close-knit community.
We left the tea to get cold.
This steep hill is a killer.
This steep hill is a killer even for an athlete like Salas.
Kabyles are proud of who they are.
Algerians are proud of who they are.
No one is interested.
Nobody is interested.
Nobody's interested.
No one's interested.
Explain to me why you don't come here anymore?
I require two explanations.
I can't explain anything to you.
I want you to explain all this to me.
I want an explanation about this.
Can you explain to me what this means?
Could you explain to me what this image means?
Can anyone explain to me what this means?
I want an explanation about it.
I want an explanation about that.
Is there anyone among us here who speaks English fluently?
Can someone explain to me what is going on here?
Can anyone explain to me what is going on here?
It is difficult to provide a good translation without the help of a proofreader.
Is there anyone here among us who speaks English fluently?
Is there anyone here who can explain this to me?
Is there anyone here who can explain to me what is going on?
Is there someone here among us who can explain to me what this means?
Is there somebody here in our half that can explain to me what this means?
Is there anybody here who can explain to me what is happening?
Can anyone here explain to me what this means?
Is there anybody here in our half that speaks English fluently?
Explain to me what this image means.
Explain to me the meaning of this image.
Explain to me the meaning of this picture.
I like the color white.
I think one of these notebooks is yours.
I think that one of these notebooks is yours.
Are any of these notebooks yours?
I wish I were thinner.
I wish that I were thinner.
Tom hasn't apologized to Mary.
Tom hasn't apologized to Mary yet.
Tom hasn't yet apologized to Mary.
I really like jogging.
Tom cried on the phone.
I really like fishing.
Tom didn't care, but Mary did.
I really enjoy tennis.
How old are Tom's kids?
I really enjoy hiking.
I need a new chainsaw.
Can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
Can anyone tell me which movie this is?
Can someone tell me which movie you're watching?
I would like to know the name of this movie.
I'd like to know the name of this movie.
Can anyone tell me what the name of this movie is?
Does anyone know what the name of this movie is?
The peace of the Lord Jesus to all.
I had no idea it was so urgent.
Excuse me? I said "Good evening" instead of "Good morning"? I must have had a senior moment.
Tatoeba does not exist solely or even principally for the purpose of your downstream project.
Are the police looking for you?
I think that you're nuts.
A Kabyle dress would be a great gift.
I found you a beautiful Kabyle dress.
I emailed her the photo of the Kabyle dress.
You're even lovelier in a Kabyle dress.
She looks attractive in a Kabyle dress.
She's attractive in a Kabyle dress.
She's lovely in a Kabyle dress.
He is a Berber teacher.
Couscous is my favorite dish.
I really need to move on with my life.
We are having such a good time in Algeria.
They got married in Algeria.
He became a Berber teacher.
I think that you need a lawyer.
I find her attractive in a Kabyle dress.
I find her cute in a Kabyle dress.
She looks so cute in a Kabyle dress.
She looks so attractive in a Kabyle dress.
I knew she would love that Kabyle dress.
I would like you to have this Kabyle dress.
He's still in a rented house in Bejaia.
This is the magic of Algeria.
Was Alaska even a state when he was born?
I really love those Kabyle dresses.
He got a little carried away.
He got carried away by his emotions.
She looks sexy as hell in her new Kabyle dress.
You look absolutely gorgeous in this Kabyle dress.
"What is she wearing for the party?" "A Kabyle dress." "Good choice."
He was born in Bejaia, Algeria.
He was born in Algiers.
The police had to collect a sample of Salas's DNA.
Kabylie, what a lovely place!
She has Kabyle dresses. Lots and lots of Kabyle dresses.
She has Kabyle dresses. Lots of them.
I think I might possibly be your father.
The Kabyle village of Maraghna gave a lot for Algeria during the war for independence.
The Kabyle village of Maraghna gave a lot for the independence of Algeria.
The Kabyle village of Maraghna is one of the many villages that paid a high tribute for the independence of our beloved nation of Algeria.
The village of Maraghna, nestled in the heart of Kabylie, gave a lot for the independence of Algeria.
The village of Maraghna, nestled in the heart of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons for the independence of Algeria.
Calm down, man!
Maraghna, a village nestled in the high mountains of Kabylie, gave the best of its children for the independence of Algeria.
No one should forget that the village of Maraghna, nestled in the high mountains of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons and daughters for the independence of Algeria.
No one should forget that the village of Meraghna, located in the very heart of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons and daughters for the independence of Algeria.
We visited Maraghna to pay homage to the sons and daughters of this village that gave their lives for the independence of our beloved Algeria.
I think I might possibly be your son.
I think I might possibly be your daughter.
"I think I might possibly be your son." "What?!"
This is my first time in Bejaia.
This is my first time in Bejaia. I have just got off the bus.
Bejaia is a fine city.
I have to catch the next bus to Bejaia.
I met her in Bejaia.
Mary likes cakes.
What's the capital city of Africa?
Mary's very good at baking cakes.
Mary is very good at baking cakes.
"I can't do this for you." "Come on, how often do I ask you for anything?"
Enter your username.
"I can't tell you that." "Why?" "Because it's secret." "Secret? For me?"
"Why are you all dressed up?" "I'm going to a party."
Let's go visit the village of Meraghna to pay homage to those who fell for the independence of Algeria.
"What's going on?" "Nothing is going on."
I don't have anywhere to stay in Bejaia.
I am the proprietor of an apartment in Bejaia.
Why don't you stay here in Bejaia?
When I browse sentences on Tatoeba, sometimes I get the feeling of déjà vu.
We passed each other on the street, but we didn't talk.
Can you do that accent?
One of these two cars is new, the other is old.
I don't speak French but all the others do.
We like the Berber language.
They are in the other room.
Berber has a lot of words that start with two similar letters.
Bejaia is a lovely city.
Some people like red wine, others do not.
Please don't do that terrible accent.
There were only Algerians there.
He's Algerian.
My name sounds better in your accent.
I have another problem to solve.
My bicycle is gone.
Can you do the Scottish accent?
You're from Bejaia, right?
I was just saying what you said to me back.
"What do you teach?" "Berber."
Anyone from Bejaia?
Where is Bejaia?
Is anyone here from Bejaia?
"I'm from Bejaia." "Where is Bejaia?" "It's in Algeria."
This sad song would kill the mood.
This sad song would ruin the mood.
Nothing much to say.
"What's up?" "Nothing much to say."
When he gets upset, he says crazy things.
She has spent her entire life looking for Mr Perfect.
I love the Kabyle dress.
He is marrying a Berber teacher.
Practice Berber.
He learned Berber at the age of forty.
Why should I learn Berber?
He became very interested in learning Berber.
He needs to learn Berber.
He is currently working on his Berber.
He doesn't speak Berber fluently.
He communicates in Berber very fluently.
He became very interested in Berber.
He was sent to Algeria to learn Berber.
Are you still interested in Berber?
My interest in Berber is something I have had all of my life.
They became fluent in Berber.
He became fluent in Berber in four months.
He buys lots of books in Berber.
He mastered Berber.
They are learning Berber.
He became better at Berber.
He is interested in learning Berber.
He is motivated to learn Berber.
English is the most useful language in the world.
He is in love with Berber.
He fell in love with the Berber language.
He studies Berber.
He is interested in Japanese because of anime.
She is interested in Korean because of Korean drama.
He wants to translate Mouloud Mammeri's books into Berber.
He still speaks Berber.
They started learning Berber.
Is Berber difficult?
Is Berber really difficult to learn?
He is learning Berber.
He speaks Berber very well.
They speak Berber very well.
They both speak Berber.
We speak Berber like our parents.
Tomorrow, he is going to start learning Berber.
Berber is commonly written in the Latin alphabet.
He learned the Berber writing system.
He learnt the Berber writing system.
She learns Berber every day.
They don't understand Berber.
He learned Berber in high school.
He really wants to learn Berber.
He really wants to study Berber.
His parents don't want him to study Berber.
She is interested in learning Berber.
To master Berber, you need lots of listening and reading.
Does Berber have tenses?
Is Berber conjugation difficult to learn?
Mary has become even more beautiful.
She has arrived.
He has arrived.
The crime is almost solved.
Those who are stung by wasps take their revenge on grasshoppers.
To hell with borders!
I went to temple this morning.
I went to shul this morning.
Do you still live in the United States?
Do you still live in Brazil?
Do you still live around here?
Explain to me why you are still here.
Explain to me why you did it.
Explain to me why you did that.
Explain to me why you want to travel to the United States.
Explain to me why you don't want to live with me anymore.
I've said it several times.
I've said this several times.
It's no use anymore.
I've explained it so many times.
I already explained everything to her.
I've explained everything to her.
I already explained it so many times.
I already explained everything to him.
I've explained everything to him.
I already explained all that.
I've explained all that.
I've explained all this.
I've already explained all this to them.
I've already explained all that.
I've explained it many times.
I've already explained it many times.
I've explained all this to them.
I've explained it several times.
I've already explained it several times.
I've already explained it so many times.
I've already explained everything to her.
I've already explained everything to him.
I already explained all this to them.
I already explained it many times.
I already explained it several times.
No use explaining to her.
No use explaining it to them.
No use explaining it to her.
No use explaining it to me.
No use explaining to him.
No use explaining it to him.
I had to harvest oats but I found the chickpeas in good shape.
You don't need to explain anything to me.
Don't explain anything to me.
I can't explain to you what happened.
I don't know how to explain to you what happened.
I don't know how to explain.
I am tired because we have been moving the furniture.
I have no explanation about that.
I have no explanation about it.
I don't know how to explain this to you.
I can't explain it to you yet.
I still can't explain it to you.
I can't explain to you right now.
I can't explain to you at the moment.
I want you to explain everything that is happening to me.
I demand an explanation about this.
I demand an explanation of this.
I demand an explanation now.
I demand an explanation right now.
Explain to me why you didn't go with them.
Explain why you didn't go with them.
Explain to me why you don't want to go anymore.
I screwed up the exam.
No use explaining to me.
I've explained everything.
I've already explained everything.
I already explained everything.
You left me last night.
No one will interfere.
Can I have a ticket please?
Did you see the child who was here?
I learned how to braid hair from my sister.
Have you seen a child with curly hair?
It's hard for me to know who you are anymore.
You're the most important thing in my life.
My peers don't play with me.
It's starting to get cold.
I won't let you get away with the things you've done.
You thought you were going to kidnap the kid, didn't you?
We'll talk about this with you later.
Can we go a little bit faster?
I'll catch you if you fall.
Who's that by his side?
Can we go a little faster?
Can we go a little slower?
He's a half-wit.
Can we go a little faster, please?
Can we go a little slower, please?
Can you go a little faster, please?
Can you go a little slower, please?
Is it a bear?
Now I am studying English.
I teach you Spanish.
Who else did you help?
Tom did a terrible job.
Which hat do you want?
I can't stand Mary's boyfriend.
Which hat did you buy?
Tom deleted everything.
Who else has helped you?
Why don't you dance?
But life takes its course traced by the hand of Destiny - it is best to forget.
I swear I really tried everything.  Me too, I used to set traps, but I was never able to catch even a cockchafer, neither with a mandarin nor with a fig.
The awning provides shelter from the rain.
These sentences are not proverbs.  These are figures of speech heard from our elders.
I was going to get taller when I was overtaken by my grandson.
How did you learn how to speak French so well?
Tom started running as fast as he could.
None of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Tom stabbed Mary more than thirty times.
I want to help, but obviously I can't.
Not all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Some of the passengers weren't wearing seat belts.
They did not want to go to Albania.
Will you go to Australia next month?
Will you go to Australia next year?
Are you acquainted with that man?
People don't do things like that where I come from.
Where I come from, people don't do things like that.
How long are you staying in Australia?
When did you notice that your wallet was missing?
When did you notice your wallet was missing?
When did you notice that your purse was missing?
When did you notice your purse was missing?
I never would have guessed that he would be able to do such a thing.
Can I go swimming?
Can you gift-wrap that for me?
Can I have another piece of toast?
We'd better not remain here.
It'd be better if we weren't here.
Please write your name and address here.
Where were you last Monday afternoon?
Can you still work as many hours a day as you used to?
Do you still work as many hours a day as you used to?
What vegetables do you have in your garden?
Can Tom also play the saxophone?
Buy me a suit.
Buy me a bike.
Buy me some chocolate.
Buy me a Kabyle dress.
Buy me a phone.
Buy me a guitar.
Buy me a dictionary.
Buy me a computer.
Buy me a laptop.
Buy me a watch.
Buy me a camera.
Buy me a smartphone.
Buy me a hamster.
Buy me a puppy.
Buy me a fish.
Buy me an aquarium.
Buy me a goldfish.
Buy me a tie.
Buy me a canary.
Buy me a budge.
This party has to be perfect.
This birthday has to be perfect.
This wedding has to be perfect.
This date has to be perfect.
Oops! Wrong floor.
Oops! Wrong number.
Oops! Wrong door.
I've lived here for four years and he hasn't come to visit.
You're a people pleaser.
You're a pleaser.
He's coming to the party.
He's coming to the wedding.
He's going to ruin the party.
He's going to ruin the wedding.
I can't wait to see you in this Kabyle dress.
He was wearing skinny jeans.
"It's a nice Kabyle dress." "Thanks. Salas gave it to me."
He arrived.
"You phone is ringing." "I'm driving and I can't get my phone out of my pants."
I can't get my phone out of my pants. Can you get it out for me?
"Apology accepted." "I didn't apologize."
This Kabyle dress is the most wonderful gift.
He doesn't have to listen to this.
This could work.
He's gonna be alright.
Ever since you were a kid, I didn't get you.
Why is my toothbrush wet?
He used your toothbrush.
Tom is a filthy piece of toerag.
Tom's a filthy piece of toerag.
Mary called Tom a filthy piece of toerag.
Nothing is selling.
I'm not speaking to him.
I'm not speaking to you either.
I'm calling you later.
What are we celebrating here?
I'll show you up to your rooms.
They braided each other's hair.
They went jetskiing.
They're going jetskiing this afternoon.
And then, dreams became nightmares.
It's tight around the toes
A riddle: What is a village in which some are prostrate on their stomach, others on their back? Answer: Kabyle tiles.
I must have left my umbrella on the bus.
I demand that he leave forthwith.
Do not cross if it is high water"
Look up!
Are you throwing this away for me?
Be very careful when you hold this for him.
I haven't got my own children.
I ordered John to cut down that tree, and he did it.
I don't have my own children.
Some of my former schoolmates already have grandchildren.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "His opponent is too strong for him to face."
For your info, maintenance work may take about hours.
Try to greet before entering.
His towel dropped accidentally.
Aren't we on holiday that time?
Every student needs to master "3M" when they graduated from primary school.
I'm looking for a private tutor to communicate in Japanese.
There is only one misery, and that is ignorance.
Sergey didn't come, although he promised he would.
I don't know where my keys are anymore.
What we know is just a drop in the ocean. What we do not know is an ocean.
I'm going to improve the French.
Sometimes I play a game of chess.
His rudeness lost him the post.
She is the sister of my brother's colleague.
Why won't you do it for me?
They want to see us alone.
They want to see us apart.
I couldn't understand what the problem was.
No more wars on this Earth!
There's a saying in my land: ...
If Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the economy of Turkey.
What is idiosyncrasy?
You guys have geography today.
Will I finally be able to drink sugar without the coffee?
We will sign it for you.
A 5,000-year-old city that was home to some 6,people has been found in northern Israel.
”Even in our wildest imaginings, we didn’t believe we would find a city from this time in history,” said IAA archaeologist Dina Shalem.
The Bronze Age settlement was discovered during road construction near the town of Harish, some kilometers north of Tel Aviv.
The archaeological site, known as En Esur, is located on hectares and consists of public buildings, residences and a large temple.
Archeologists said there is evidence that an even earlier settlement, estimated to be about 7,000-years-old, exists below the buildings of En Esur.
India's ambitious mission to land an unmanned probe on the moon suffered a setback when its space agency lost contact with the landing craft minutes before it was to make a critical touchdown on the lunar surface.
If it rains, we can eat inside.
Can you come to Boston next weekend?
When is the next bus to the airport?
Will you be coming to Boston with Tom next week?
Don't you think dogs are smart?
Did you make a lot of money when you sold your business?
We can't do that work in a day.
I got up thirty minutes ago.
I'd take it as a sign.
I live and work in Boston.
I want to watch this movie.
Money runs the world.
My brother is eating an egg.
Happy people work better.
Can't you hear me?
My English is improving a lot.
I need to improve my English.
You are strangling her.
You are strangling him.
There are two types of churches; first, spiritual churches concern the people; second, local church, where people meet to worship God.
Think about how you made a mistake.
Millions in the country stayed awake to watch live images of the "soft landing" that was to place a lander on the unexplored south pole of the moon around a.m. local time Saturday. It was the most challenging component of India's second moon mission, Chandrayaan-2.
All appeared to be on track, but the mood in the mission control room changed in the final moments when the lander was about kilometers away from the lunar surface.
"The Vikram lander descent was (ongoing) as planned and normal performance was observed," chairman of India's Space Research, Organization, K. Sivan, said in a brief announcement.
Subsequently, communication from lander to the ground stations was lost. Data is being analyzed.
I think you haven't watched the video till the end.
Landing on the lunar surface is a complex maneuver fraught with challenges.
Landing on the moon involves reducing the velocity at which the lander comes down to ensure a touchdown so soft that it prevents damage, tilting or crashing.
Only about half the attempts to land on the moon have been successful.
There has been renewed interest in exploring the moon in recent years.
In cramped workshops in the inner city in Jaipur in northern India, young boys bend over low tables behind closed doors painstakingly sticking beads on bangles or embroidering fabrics.
These handcrafted goods find their way to the city’s thriving markets, making it a magnet for shoppers from across the country.
Most customers who throng to Jaipur’s iconic markets are unaware that many of these attractively priced, glittering bangles are the product of child labor.
We need to meet up with people who are part of the church.
Campaigners are optimistic that the support thrown behind the campaign by the government will make a key difference.
Tom did not see him.
Tom haven't seen him.
Tom saved my daughter. Thanks to him, she's alive.
Researchers say Saturn has overtaken Jupiter as the planet in our solar system with the most number of moons.
U.S. scientists announced Monday that new moons have been found orbiting Saturn, bringing the total number of moons around that planet to 82. That beats Jupiter's moons.
Researchers say the new moons were not previously known because they are so small in size.
They say the moons are barely kilometers in diameter and have only been discovered now because of advances in technology that include better telescopes and computing power.
I'm soaked.
The scientists who made the discovery, led by Scott Sheppard at the Carnegie Institute of Science in Washington, used the powerful Subaru telescope in Hawaii to gather data over several years, as well as new computing algorithms, to track potential moons and orbits.
Sheppard said the discovery of the moons can help scientists learn how planets in our solar system were formed.
"Studying the orbits of these moons can reveal their origins, as well as information about the conditions surrounding Saturn at the time of its formation," Sheppard said in a release from Carnegie on Monday.
Sheppard's team thinks that some of the newly discovered moons were once part of a larger moon that broke up.
Seventeen of the moons have a retrograde orbit, meaning they orbit in the opposite direction as Saturn and its other moons.
I'm famous now.
I'm moved.
All of the newly discovered moons take between two and three years to travel once around Saturn.
Sheppard says there are likely more moons to be found around Saturn that are even smaller than the latest discoveries, but says astronomers will need larger telescopes to find them.
Jupiter's Ganymede moon is more than 5,kilometers in diameter, almost half the size of Earth.
I'm dressed up.
I'm euphoric.
I got a cold.
There are few things.
There's a bit of everything.
He has each one.
We have to do it!
We have men.
We have a pope.
Tom received a robocall.
What is she doing?
So he made it.
So I made it.
Tom did that as a joke.
Why isn't anyone here?
Tom didn't care where Mary was.
I live and work in Australia.
I'd like to be in Boston.
I need a vacation soon.
I was in Australia all last year.
I study French almost every day.
I see that it's raining.
I like French a lot.
I wanted three pineapples.
I'm not very good at writing in French.
I bought a basketball.
I'd rather order beer.
I found the book I was looking for.
I found the book that I was looking for.
I go to Harvard.
I think it'll be fine.
I think that it'll be fine.
I think it'll be sunny.
I was traveling in Australia.
Tom did that for hours.
How old is this bridge?
Tom didn't know Mary back then.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber words. Sorry.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber words.
I'm not good at pronouncing Berber names.
I want to get some more books to read.
I named the kitten Cookie.
I don't like this coffee.
I do want to go to Australia.
I honestly didn't think that Tom would be here.
I honestly didn't think Tom would be here.
I don't think you'd win.
I don't think that you'd win.
I didn't close the locker door.
Do you think that anyone would care if we did that?
Do you think that anybody would care if we did that?
Do you think anybody would care if we did that?
Do you think anyone would care if we did that?
I think that that's exactly what Tom is expecting to do.
I think that's exactly what Tom is expecting to do.
His limbs were stretched until the pulled out of their sockets.
He was tortured in public.
He killed his son because he wanted to convert to Islam.
That's where I made lots of bundles you picked up only twigs.
Where I took faggots, you could only take twigs.
She killed her son because he wanted to convert to Islam.
I want to buy a blue sweater.
Tom did that real fast.
How old is this castle?
Tom didn't try to talk to Mary.
We're familiar with the poem.
Did Tom find the cave?
Don't do that in this room.
Don't tell Tom what we did today.
Don't leave here until you've done that.
Don't leave here until you've done it.
Why are you meddling?
In the room, nothing remained other than an old table and worn-out chair.
They're too nervous.
"I'm sorry." "Apology accepted."
"You'll find another girl." "I don't care."
Don't beg. You're embarrassing yourself.
"Where's your money?" "It's in the bank."
She slept with him too soon.
"Is that really you?" "Do I know you?"
"Is that really you?" "And who are you?"
"Brad Pete! Is that really you?" "Yeah. And who are you?"
I don't like to dwell on my failures.
He was so upset he was shaking.
This is our singing group.
Did you get the chance to look at the report?
Fun time is over.
Is there anything else that you might have forgotten?
"Are we done here?" "Of course we're done."
"What the hell is this?" "Rehearsal."
I love acting.
Rehearsal can be intense.
Rehearsal can be difficult.
Rehearsal is no fun.
Rehearsal can be extremely hard.
Rehearsal can be hard.
Rehearsal can be hard as hell.
I hate rehearsal.
I don't enjoy being treated like this.
I wouldn't mind a compliment from time to time.
He deserves to be treated better.
Do you feel that way?
You're tough on us.
We feel you're too tough on us.
You've been too rough on us.
This is how I run my group.
This is how I run my team.
It just needs a signature.
The more I was typing, the more upset I was.
I hate listening to his troubles.
I hate listening to her troubles.
He is absent from my will.
He signed his will.
He didn't put her in his will.
He wants to form a boy band.
This is my favorite boy band.
He's worried he's overdressed.
I don't remember her having a Kabyle accent.
Tom seems quite chipper about the whole situation.
I reminded him of it so that he wouldn't forget.
I reminded him of it so that he didn't forget.
I told him to stop provoking me.
I don't want my children to experience poverty.
I told her that we couldn't afford such a luxury.
I bought two boxes of matches.
Mankind has to change its behaviour to survive.
I cannot bear such weight.
She hasn't eaten for two days.
Some languages are on the verge of extinction.
I am considering recording my sentences in Czech.
Who is the most active member here?
He stopped eating and shortly after that he died.
Wholeness is the opposite of duality.
Machine translations are not welcomed here.
I wished them good night and left.
I ordered my son to make a fire.
I told them to do it without my help.
Who wants to leave the city?
Who wants to stay in the city?
He refused to kill the animal.
I told them not to do it by themselves.
He wanted to know why they had stopped searching for her.
I don't believe that man evolved from apes.
He's feeling old and unloved.
Sorry to bother you. I have just come to apologize.
Do you think I came here to apologize to you?
They haven't had sexual relations for months and a woman has needs.
His speech was quite moving.
He got an overwhelming urge to punch someone in the face.
"Do you know Arnold Schwarzenegger?" "Every inch of him."
"Do you know Jackie Chan?" "Every single of him."
I have never hit a woman.
Speeding can be an offence.
"What are you smoking?" "Weed."
He has spotted me and he's coming over.
You look amazing in this Kabyle dress.
You're sexier in this Kabyle dress.
He didn't even apologize.
She dressed for sex.
She's dressed for sex.
She has dressed for sex.
I need to find him and apologize to him.
I need to apologize to him before he dies.
I need to find him and apologize to him before he dies.
I haven't come to apologize.
There is no reason for me to be doing this.
"What is it with you and my car?" "I like it."
What drugs are you on tonight?
I have come to apologize.
My hair is caught on something.
Your t-shirt is inside out.
Your pants are inside out.
Her blouse is inside out.
She asked me what my problem was.
Who sent these stupid flowers?
We need to find a way to eliminate him so that he doesn't tell on us.
He was responsible for the death of your father.
Can I lend three hundred dollars to you?
He was someone who made his own luck.
He taught her Berber.
He felt instant affection for her.
They held daily Berber classes.
He hated glasses.
They fled to the Algerian embassy.
Someone said, "I met two very beautiful women who were whispering. I did not understand a word."
There was a big picture of Stalin's beaming face staring down at us.
Someone said, "I met two lipstick bombshells whispering. I did not catch anything."
He shot himself because of unrequited love.
Antarctica is the last continent to be discovered.
You can see him with my permission.
I will improve the French.
Tom seems well today.
Tom looks great today.
He should learn how to swallow his British sarcasm.
Everyone hates him for his sarcasm.
Think about how you have made a mistake.
Think about how you tricked me.
The only ones here who can speak French are Tom and Mary.
Tom did most of his work.
Tom and John will be groomsmen at my wedding.
Tom will be a groomsman at my wedding.
Mary and Elizabeth will be bridesmaids at my wedding.
Mary will be a bridesmaid at my wedding.
She is wrong if she thinks that she impressed me.
You should know when to stop.
Tom looks well today.
He needs to eat.
Hmm... I can't think of her name.
So you have a broken back, you poor thing!
Did that little girl say mean things to you? Aww, diddums.
Why don't you take care of your business?
Why not take care of your toes?
Give some oil to the cat who has swallowed poison, girls; quickly!
I'm not proud of what I've done.
I'm not proud of the choices I made.
I'm not proud of the choices I've made.
I can't believe you cheated on me with my best friend.
I don't believe what I am seeing.
I don't believe what I just saw.
I don't believe in anything else.
I don't believe in anything else he says.
I don't believe in anything else she says.
I don't believe in anything else they say.
I don't believe in anyone else.
I don't believe him anymore.
I don't believe her anymore.
"Well, thank goodness, the fresh eggs with which you bombed him are not red! Otherwise, he would have thought you injured him!"
I don't believe in them anymore.
I don't believe everything she says anymore.
I don't believe them anymore.
I don't believe everything he says anymore.
I don't believe in your stories.
I don't believe your stories.
I can't believe you did this with me.
I can't believe you did that to her.
Tom is a proud Canadian.
I can't believe you did this with her.
I can't believe you did that to him.
I can't believe you did this with him.
"Do you know what Tom said about you?" "No, and please don't tell me either! It's better if I don't know."
His parents live in Switzerland.
I can't believe you did that to them.
I can't believe you did this with them.
Tom's parents moved to Australia.
She recalls the sudden onset of the symptoms late one night.
I felt a very sharp pain in my head, and I remember thinking to myself, this doesn’t feel right.
She remembers collapsing on the floor and waking up in the hospital.
Two major surgeries and months of recovery would follow.
“I decided that I wanted to tell my story and tell it the way that I wanted it to be told," she said.
The art works, and her experience of sharing, helped her through the healing process.
She has had the support of her family.
She has had the support of friends at school.
Tessa shared her experience in a chapel assembly this April.
Aneurysms are rare in teenagers.
Tessa says she hopes to find a career in the field of art therapy, to help others find the healing power of art, as she has.
APOPO, a global nonprofit organization in Tanzania, has developed an innovative method of detecting landmines and tuberculosis by using African giant pouched rats' extraordinary sense of smell.
Ellie Cutright, who has loved rats all her life, works on the APOPO research team.
American researcher Ellie Cutright works with African giant pouched rats that are trained to detect landmines.
"There's a very negative connotation about rats, which is kind of sad," she said during a recent visit to her hometown of Charleston, South Carolina.
I was a child who had rats as a pet, so I got over that negative connotation.
"I never really thought I would get the job, but here we are," she beamed.
"I think rats are very intelligent, and they can be amazing animals," she said.
How old is your guitar?
Tom eats meat, but Mary doesn't.
And the kind of rat we work with are all very sweet. They like to be held and handled. They like to interact with people, and they really like to work hard. They are really out to please you.
The giant rats, which grow to about the size of a domestic cat, are born and bred at the organization's headquarters in Morogoro, Tanzania.
They only eat fruits and vegetables that are grown locally.
Tom does his own thing.
I can't believe you did that to me.
"Her critical thinking skills are some of the best I've seen here at the college," he said.
She is fiercely independent.
From the time she started working in my lab, she wanted to do everything on her own.
And that was somewhat new to me, because I was used to mentoring students in a different way.
College of Charleston school president Andrew Hsu is proud of Cutright and what she has accomplished, both in school and in her job, and said she is a good example of the kind of success stories his students and graduates have experienced.
I can't believe you did this for me.
I can't believe that you did that to me.
One of the key missions at the school, he said, is to encourage more women to enter STEM-related fields.
"We're living in a global economy, whether you like it or not, and it's becoming a global village," he said.
Before she could even talk, Ellie Heath used to spend hours drawing.
When she grew older, the 15-year-old discovered the joy of sewing.
Ellie Heath stands next to some of her designs - made of recycled fabrics and adorned with her distinctive artistic touch.
Sewing is my biggest hobby. It relaxes me.
"It started off with earrings and felted mice, and then I eventually got into sewing and jean jackets," Ellie says.
She sells her products in farmers markets, local church fairs and craft shows.
All the pieces Ellie creates are made of recycled or donated fabrics.
“There is over billion pounds of textile in the U.S. alone, in landfills and I strive to reduce that number, at least a little,” she says.
She is repurposing jeans jackets by adding her distinctive artistic touch on each of them.
Ellie Heath stands next to some of her designs - repurposed jeans jackets adorned with her distinctive artistic touch.
Ellie credits her mother for encouraging her and her siblings to develop their artistic skills.
How was cheerleading practice?
Ellie has many dreams. She wants to be an elementary teacher and be able to spread the joy of creativity among children.
She also dreams her business will grow and become an inspiring model for other young people who have a dream to pursue it and make it a reality.
What would happen if you found out your dentist had hired someone to take the test on molars for them? Or if the city engineer never took a bridge building class and was responsible for testing their structural integrity?
I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
Thomas concedes that many students, particularly those not accustomed to writing in English, may struggle with their college writing assignments.
But paper-writing skills, she said, are important because they develop the kinds of “habits of mind” academic institutions and universities widely regard as crucial.
Tom found himself struggling to keep his grades up after a romantic breakup.
Naran said cheating will catch up with the cheater.
Aside from the costs of paying others for work, students might find themselves working twice as hard later to catch up.
He needed money to pay his rent and for his groceries.
Where can I get something to eat?
In an interview, Victor admitted to feeling guilt and shame about this work, calling it “wrong.”
I don't believe it anymore.
Tom said he needed the money.
I don't believe what I am watching.
Tom is a college drop-out.
Tom is a published poet.
Tom found himself in desperate financial trouble a few years ago.
Cheating is wrong.
Aneurysms are dangerous unless they're treated right away.
How come you're here?
Will you tell me where I'm wrong?
I'm fine, what about you?
I'm fine, how about you?
Does Boston only have one zip code?
Have a cup of milk. It'll do you good.
Have you ever read been convicted of a crime?
Everybody but Tom has already eaten.
Everyone but Tom has already eaten.
Everyone disagreed with me.
Everybody disagreed with me.
Can you tell me where Park Street is?
Will you have another glass of milk?
I fear we're too late.
When do I have to turn in the report?
I don't think that we'll make it on time.
I don't think we'll make it on time.
I think that we're too late.
I am a painter.
Tom said Mary was driving the car when the accident happened.
Tom said Mary was driving the car at the time of the accident.
Tom said that Mary was driving the car at the time of the accident.
Tom said that Mary was driving the car when the accident happened.
I don't know what his job is.
I don't know what her job is.
Where should I park my car?
My name is Sarah.
My name is David.
Nice to meet you, David.
Good to meet you, David.
I'm glad to meet you David.
What's the difference between a tangerine and a mandarin orange?
Nice to meet you too, Sarah.
It's nice to meet you too, Sarah.
I'm glad to meet you too, Sarah.
The student is listening.
We're looking to you for help.
Hope you have a nice day.
We're facing a violent crisis.
So David, what is your job?
The student is learning.
I have no accountant.
I don't have an accountant.
Well, maybe I can help you.
Well, maybe I can help her.
Well, maybe I can help him.
Don't be afraid to go to the doctor.
It would be great.
Louis is having a moment.
Yes, I do.
I like to ride horses and go fishing.
Those things are fun.
These things are fun.
These things are so much fun.
I like to cook and bake.
What do you cook?
I love making cakes.
I love to make cakes.
I love to eat cake!
I like to make cake!
I like making cake!
What do you think the weather will be like?
How do you think the weather's going to be?
I love eating cake!
I hope it will be sunny.
I hope it is sunny.
Did you see the weather report?
Did you?
Yes, but you never know.
He said it will rain tomorrow.
He said it would rain on Saturday.
He said it will rain on Saturday.
He said it will rain.
Can you tell me which way Tom went?
We ran to the station.
How can two people get along, when the third is crooked?
Once two people involved in a dispute have explained themselves, they arrange a compromise.
If you meet those who say, "Give the cat some oil," tell them to lubricate your back with about seven spoonfuls in order to get up and go to work.
Oh no.
I'm years old.
I'm years old.
You also look younger.
Yes, I have sons.
I have one daughter.
In total, I have children.
Overall I have children.
She is Swiss.
You are so lucky.
How are you so lucky?
How lucky are you?
How lucky you are.
Is the cat small?
No, the cat is not small.
No, the cat isn't small.
Is the cat big?
Yes, the cat is big.
Is the cat furry?
Yes, the cat is furry.
The cat is big.
You weren't as lucky as she.
The cat is furry.
The cat is big and furry.
It's a big furry cat.
You weren't as lucky.
You were not as lucky as him.
You weren't as lucky as she was.
You are not as lucky as him.
You are not as lucky as her.
He is not as lucky as her.
He is not as lucky as she is.
She is not as lucky as him.
She is not as lucky as he is.
You were not so lucky as she.
You didn't have the same luck as she.
You did not have the same luck as her.
You didn't have the same luck as he.
You did not have the same luck as him.
You must understand that he is a very dangerous man.
You have to understand that he is a very dangerous man.
What ages are your children?
Toilet keys are available on demand.
Daniel is 13, Jeremy is and Thomas is 12.
What do they like to do?
What do they like doing?
They showed their true colours.
Everyone loves to play outside.
Everyone loves playing outside.
They all love to play outside.
They love to play outside.
They love playing outside.
They love to play outside the country.
A layer cut might not look good with your thin hair.
They love playing outside the country.
You were given the same opportunity, but you wasted it.
This is not the report.
But this report is not correct.
Tom bought many souvenirs.
Since she didn't come, I won't either.
Do you need it yet?
Since she didn't come, I will not either.
Since he didn't come, I will not either.
Since he didn't come, I won't either.
Since she didn't go, I didn't go either.
Since she won't, I won't either.
Since she will not, I won't either.
Since she won't go, I won't either.
Since she won't go anymore, I won't either.
You don't have as much luck as he does.
I'd rather trust Grammarly than trust myself.
I'd rather trust Grammarly than myself.
Did you clean the house?
"Did you clean the house?" "Yes. I cleaned."
The house isn't clean. The house is a pigsty!
None of them is a card-carrying member of the fascist movement.
He abandoned his studies as an imam.
The imam arrived.
He never wore glasses.
He went birdwatching.
He went rafting.
He wore horn-rimmed glasses.
He had horn-rimmed glasses.
He bought his glasses from his store.
He was wearing those glasses.
He used those glasses for reading.
Those glasses must be Salas's.
His father was an imam.
He started learning the Quran at the age of four.
He was fascinated by Islam.
He became fascinated by Islam.
He went to the mosque by taxi.
He drove back to the mosque.
He was on his way to the mosque.
She drove to the mosque.
She drove back to the mosque.
They drove to the mosque.
When he took off his jacket, his glasses fell out.
He found his glasses.
He was obsessed with Islam.
He wrote a major work on Islam.
The mosque reopened.
The local mosque reopened for worshipers.
They prayed in various mosques.
Together, they visited various mosques.
He went to the mosque to see the imam.
He returned to the mosque.
He left the mosque immediately.
He said he was going back to the mosque.
He said he was going to the mosque.
He didn't go to the mosque.
He didn't return to the mosque.
He went to the mosque on Friday.
He returned to the mosque in the afternoon.
He left the mosque in the evening.
He goes to this mosque.
He was already in the mosque.
He spent the day in the mosque.
He watched her walk into the mosque.
He slept in the mosque.
He had a nap in the mosque.
He was sleeping in the mosque.
What time did he return to the mosque?
He left in a taxi for the mosque.
She came to the mosque.
He left Salas in the mosque.
He said he left Salas in the mosque.
He came returned from the mosque so late.
He arrived at the mosque.
He was the son of an imam.
He became an imam at forty.
Do they play video games?
He accompanied her to the mosque.
The workmen left the ladder outside.
The imam arrived at four.
For him, women are there to be used and then, discarded.
He came to the mosque so late.
He didn't go to the mosque last Friday.
Are you sure they play video games?
She didn't return to the mosque.
She never goes to the mosque.
Do you think they play video games?
She was the only person in the mosque.
We want to go to the mosque.
They went to the mosque.
Here's a picture of our mosque.
We're in the mosque.
Can you see the mosque?
He went back to the mosque.
I am with you, to support your words.
He isn't out of the woods yet.
The mosque has an alarm system.
He took his Christian friend to a mosque.
He's coming to the mosque.
Are you ready to go to the mosque?
We will pray in the mosque.
This is the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Can we go to the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Are we allowed to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque?
The al-Aqsa Mosque is in the old city of Jerusalem.
Will they play today?
Is Jordan still responsible for the al-Aqsa Mosque compound?
Will they play tomorrow?
Does Jordan still govern the al-Aqsa Mosque compound?
Is Jordan still the custodian of the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Be gay. Commit crimes.
Will they come today?
Will they come?
The al-Aqsa Mosque is a holy site.
The al-Aqsa Mosque compound is known as to Muslims as the noble sanctuary.
Are we allowed to pray in the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Be gay. Do crime.
Are you sure that's true?
I have no anger after what you said.
I do not feel any anger after what you said.
Your words did not upset me at all.
The UN continues to consider East Jerusalem as an occupied city.
Are you sure he's right?
Are you sure she's right?
Are they right?
In East Jerusalem, 90,Palestinians are at risk of being displaced from their homes.
Saudi Arabia is ready to normalize its relations with Israel.
Saudi Arabia and Israel are good friends.
Saudi Arabia is a secret supporter of Israel.
Saudi Arabia and Israel are best allies.
Are you sure they are right?
Saudi Arabia and Israel will soon form a strong strategic alliance in the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia and Israel will soon become best friends.
Are you sure they will come today?
Are you sure they will come?
The al-Aqsa Mosque is in Jerusalem.
We all know that the al-Aqsa Mosque is the third holiest Muslim site in the world.
We all know that the al-Aqsa Mosque is a holy site.
Are you sure they will play tomorrow?
The al-Aqsa Mosque is a blessed place.
The al-Aqsa Mosque is mentioned in the Quran.
Are you sure they will play today?
Aren't they lying?
Are you sure they are not lying?
Aren't they right?
Are you sure they are not right?
Will they play video games?
I was pissed off by those you talk about who work for their lords.
I was in a rage against those whom you quote and who work hard for their magnates.
Who sows the wind harvests the storm, they say.
Jeremy and Thomas play video games.
Tom and Mary do that almost every day.
I've never gone fishing with Tom.
We definitely heard something.
We're a peace-loving nation.
Daniel is very young.
Daniel is too young.
Tom and Mary do that every day.
My daughter loves video games.
My daughter's name is Veronica.
The meeting yesterday afternoon lasted three hours.
Can you fix this broken radio?
Can Tom play the saxophone, too.
Can Tom play the saxophone as well?
Can Tom play the saxophone well?
Is Tom good at playing the saxophone?
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone, too?
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone as well?
She's years old.
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he also play the saxophone?
I know that Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone as well?
I know that Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone, too?
I know that Tom can play the clarinet? Can he also play the saxophone?
Can our children play together someday?
Our children can play together one day.
Are you free on Monday afternoon?
Do you understand what this means?
Did you tell your friends that you're going to Boston?
How old is this guitar?
I didn't care for that.
Mary is an intelligent woman.
I found it interesting.
Tom offered me a drink.
I need to wash my hair.
Tom dated Mary for a few months.
When I was a kid, my parents often bought toys for me.
When I was a child, my parents often bought toys for me.
Tom and Mary are now married.
A groundbreaking new device is helping those who are blind see in a new way by helping them perceive the world around them.
Jason Esterhuizen never thought he'd be able to see light or movement again after a car accident left him blind.
I still can't put it into words.
“I still can't put it into words. I mean from being able to see absolutely nothing, it's pitch black, to all of a sudden seeing little flickers of light move around,” Esterhuizen said.
While it's not normal sight, Esterhuizen can navigate the world around him.
The researchers believe that one day this technology could help people who have lost their vision due to illnesses like glaucoma or diabetes as well as those with low vision or who were born blind.
People in Southeast Asia spend the most time in the world accessing the internet through mobile devices, according to a new study conducted in part by Google.
Thais use mobile internet more than five hours a day, compared with more than four hours in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Malaysia, and three hours as the global average, according to the joint report released last week.
The European Union's cybercrime report said the number of online attacks is going down but criminals are targeting more data and profits.
Ransomware attacks block access to vital data and are described as being targeted, more profitable for the attackers and causing greater economic damage to private and public entities.
The report, called the Internet Organized Crime Threat Assessment, cited the "GermanWiper" ransomware as an example of the harm it can bring. That ransomware replaced the files of German companies, making them unrecoverable.
Local governments in the United States, like the cities of Atlanta and Baltimore, have fallen victim to ransomware.
A comedian used Artificial Intelligence to generate a deepfake of former U.S. president Barack Obama.
When did you join the army?
When is this crisis going to end?
Did you record that concert?
I really enjoy surfing.
Tom ought to be in bed.
I recommend doing that.
Tom doesn't care what Mary said.
I recommend not doing that.
I love opera.
I really like opera.
Can you play the saxophone, too?
I know that Tom can play the saxophone. Can you play the saxophone, too?
I know Tom can play the saxophone. Can you play the saxophone, too?
I know that you can play the clarinet. Can you play the saxophone, too?
I know you can play the clarinet. Can you play the saxophone, too?
Can you play the saxophone as well?
Can you also play the saxophone?
I signed the documents.
Why didn't Tom show up?
I think that's crucial.
I think that that's crucial.
I'd like three cans of tomatoes.
I'd like three bags of potato chips.
I'd like three dozen donuts.
I bought some silverware.
I had a good reason for saying that.
I only live a few blocks from here.
I heard the children laughing.
I didn't understand that joke.
Sami and Layla have eleven children.
Tom drives a beemer.
In our team there are eleven vivid little boys and seven little girls.
"I pay, you play, got it?", said Tom to the guitarist.
Algeria has a young workforce.
Everest is the tallest mountain on the planet.
Where do Berbers originate from?
Berbers speak the same language.
Many French intellectuals strongly advocated for Algerian independence.
Many French intellectuals were in support for Algeria's independence.
Those islands were completely uninhabited.
They live on an extremely isolated island.
The dodo is the national bird of Mauritius.
Tunisia and Algeria gained independence from France in and respectively.
Algeria was administered by the French as an overseas territory.
Algeria gained its independence in the early 1960s.
Algeria gained its independence in the 1960s.
The currency of Algeria and Tunisia is referred to as the dinar.
The currencies of Algeria and Tunisia are referred to as the Algerian dinar and the Tunisian dinar respectively.
I'm from the Midwest.
The worker died from an explosion.
I killed the cow.
How can Jesus be 100% God and 100% man at the same time?
It's something much deeper!
According to the Bible, it is God himself, assuming human nature.
Jesus is annoying.
The Bible clearly refers to Jesus as God.
The Bible clearly states that Jesus is God himself.
The Word was God.
The Bible also states that he has all the exclusive attributes of a divine being, omnipotence, omniscience, omnipresence, eternity, sovereignty, and immortality.
Jesus is the author of life, the creator of all the thighs and the maintainer of the Universe.
The only God, who exists eternally as three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
Allah created the world.
Old rivalries have resurfaced.
Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Turkey have each their Kurdish separatist groups and reject Kurdish independence.
He became like us, through Jesus Christ, the eternal Son of God.
Hezbollah is an Iranian proxy.
He became similar to us, through Jesus Christ, the eternal Son of God.
Iraqi forces recaptured the city of Kirkuk in 2017.
Kirkuk is a multi-ethnic city.
I don't know why it took so long.
I didn't expect them to visit us.
A military coup happened in Thailand in 2014.
Thailand is a military dictatorship.
He revealed everything about his colleagues.
Jesus being conceived by the power of the Holy Spirit demonstrates God's infinite wisdom in combining human influence and divine influence in the birth of Jesus.
I didn't know the correct answer, so I made a random guess.
Who would have guessed that he is such an idiot.
If we think for a moment of other possible means by which Christ could have come into the world, none of them would be so clearly linked to humanity and divinity in one person.
He was car camping with his friends in Kabylie.
He was in his sleeping bag.
He went to sleep in his friend's tent.
He was staring at the lantern.
He offered her a burrito.
He didn't take a hint to leave.
He hopped into the river.
My name is Salas and I live in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was invited to camp in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to take her around to some beautiful places in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm losing my heart to her.
His store is closed.
His car doesn't have enough gas to get us into town.
He attempted to jump-start my truck with his car.
This is the time of year it's starting to get cold.
The headlights temporarily blinded us all.
We go to the beach.
Grass stops growing in autumn.
When I was a child, my parents used to buy toys for me.
We are looking for help.
You will have to drink another glass of milk.
You, you just want to piss me off!
Tom and Mary built their house in the shade of an old oak tree.
Tom and Mary built their house near the old oak tree.
Tom had a bone marrow transplant.
Tom was diagnosed with leukemia.
The award was not given last year.
Polish author Olga Tokarczuk won the Nobel Literature Prize “for a narrative imagination that with encyclopedic passion represents the crossing of boundaries as a form of life.”
Each author will receive a $918,cash award.
The Swedish Academy did not name a winner for the prize last year following accusations of sexual abuse and other wrongdoing by people connected to the academy.
The coveted Nobel Peace prize will be awarded on Friday.
The World Health Organization reports proper care could have prevented vision impairment or blindness in about half of the more than 2.billion people globally who suffer from these conditions.
The WHO says cataract surgery could prevent million people from becoming blind.
Eyeglasses could vastly improve the eyesight of more than million people who currently live with blurred vision.
Children should spend more time outdoors kicking a ball around and less time indoors looking at tablets, television and computers.
“The major concern is that if children do not spend enough time outdoors and too much time indoors looking at their tablets and computers and these activities ... they will increase the probability of becoming myopic and also to increase the severity of the myopia,” she said.
Research indicates that children who spend too much time on their electronics are likely to become visually impaired as they grow older.
You can't see it from here.
Tom did something without his parents' permission.
I asked Tom to tell me why Mary had changed her mind.
Mary was her father's favorite daughter.
This will increase efficiency by 20%.
Tom asked his mom's permission.
Tom asked his dad's permission.
Mom said yes.
Dad said yes.
Mom already said yes.
Dad already said yes.
Tom paid someone else to do it.
We could pay someone else to do it.
Tom couldn't afford to pay someone else to do it.
Tom asked my father for permission to marry me.
Tom asked Mary's father for permission to marry her.
Can I go to Tom's house?
Can I go to Tom's house? Mom already said yes.
Can I go to Tom's house? Dad already said yes.
We struck up a conversation.
They struck up a conversation.
Did your mom say "yes"?
Tom and Mary struck up a conversation.
This phone has a rotary dial.
This is a one-shot deal.
Tom ate his vegetables.
Mary was sensitive and shy.
Tom is shy and sensitive.
My parents would love to meet you.
Tom was afraid to ask Mary's father's permission to marry her.
Tom and Mary's home is comfortable.
Tom and Mary's home is very comfortable.
Tom and Mary's home is comfortable and warm.
Tom and Mary's home is beautiful.
Tom learned on the job.
My parents would like to meet you.
My parents want to meet you.
Everyone danced.
Tom heard his parents arguing.
Tom hit a raw nerve.
Tom sensed that he had hit a raw nerve.
Have you cleaned the house?
Tom sensed that he had hit a nerve.
I could tell that she was jealous.
Tom could tell that Mary was jealous.
Even Tom could tell that Mary was jealous.
Tom hit a nerve.
You might want to be more careful in the future.
I thought he was just kidding.
I thought Tom was just kidding.
Tom thought Mary was just kidding, but she was not.
Tom likes licorice.
Tom likes black licorice.
Tom can't do without me.
I wanted to rent a car.
Tom became good friends with Mary.
I wanted to go outside.
I wanted to eat with Tom.
I wanted to go hunting.
I wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
I wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
I wanted to contribute.
I heard Tom tap dancing.
I want to see everyone.
I want to see everybody.
Is the cat little?
Does anyone have a charger for an iPhone?
Does anybody have a charger for an iPhone?
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
Does anybody have an iPhone charger?
Micah likes to argue.
May His great name be magnified and sanctified.
May His great name be blessed forever and ever.
I'm a graduate student.
Tom crept into the room.
I wish I were a dragon.
I wish that I were a dragon.
Tom couldn't do anything for Mary.
Tom told Mary he'd stay with John.
They definitely saw us.
Tom decorated his house.
Stop wasting your time.
Tom decided not to tell Mary this.
I wanted to start over.
Tom told Mary that he'd stay with John.
They betrayed us.
They got clubbed.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
They started making plans to live together in Algeria.
He was too scared to say this to the her face.
He was unlucky in love.
He's a consummate liar.
Algeria is home to many mysteries.
Algeria is home to many wonders.
Algeria is home to many wonders waiting to be discovered.
The Algerian Sahara desert is home to many mysteries waiting to be discovered.
The Algerian Sahara desert is home to many wonders waiting to be discovered.
When was the city of Algiers founded?
When was the Algerian city of Bejaia founded?
Maria does not read English books.
Maria doesn't read English books.
Let's play together!
Is this zebra yours?
I'm his friend.
I've gotten older, right?
I've gotten older, isn't it?
Do we have proof that Atlantis exists?
I don't know why I'm a little tired today.
Suddenly, everything fell silent.
Are you a pig?
No wonder she doesn't want to see him again. Because they broke up.
I have many French books.
That old man, let's just say, is a living dictionary.
I'm feeling better now, but I know that my father will still be very worried.
He found the book he was looking for.
He finally agreed to our plan.
He finally realised his brother is missing.
What company does he work in?
Which company does he work in?
The ship was sunk on purpose.
A mosque is a place for worship.
Cleopatra was the last ruler of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
Cherchell is a small Algerian city.
Algiers is extending radially.
This interview question is open-ended!
The enrichment of the soil with minerals allowed my corn to grow this tall.
He snorts and chuckles at the sound of his own joke.
She secured the edges of her crafts with her trusty adhesive tape.
Just so you know, we have 24-hour technical support for your washing machine.
Almost everyone was prepping themselves for the final exam.
Engulfing the entire burger in one bite was no small challenge.
The sperm is secreting special enzymes to digest the jelly coat.
The hegemon was relegating most of her cult members.
The unsurmountable pressure from all directions was too much for Tom to handle.
We ate couscous.
He ate couscous.
He gave us a sermon about Islam.
Her heart throbbed at the sight of her country's fall.
He started to become a Muslim of his own free will.
He made his own choice to convert to Islam.
He started going to the mosque.
The taunts at the end of the match failed to aggravate Tom.
Our discovery of the new element will forever be engraved in history!
"All secondary schools are the same", I thought to myself.
The old man's gait is wonky.
She has to wear a hijab.
His major was Islamic sciences.
All of her fears materialized above her at once.
His major is Islamic philosophy.
She has to learn Berber.
The President's words overshadowed the imminent threat of Global Warming.
And he thought he mitigated the effects of Global Warming by not using plastic bags.
Whenever he finished a manuscript, he would let me read it.
In this modern age, computer literacy is a must at any accounting firm.
Affordable housing is hard to come by in a city as jam-packed as this.
We started to read the Quran.
He opened the Quran and started reading.
It wobbled and wobbled, until finally, it fell off the shelf and shattered into a thousand pieces.
Let the Quran talk to you.
He started reading the Quran.
He reads the Quran very quickly.
She started reading the Quran.
The story of Abraham is mentioned in the Quran.
See, the burning issue I'm sure we all have here is how you are going to solve your problems!
What? Do you have no general knowledge? How can you not know this?
He's an Islamic sciences major.
Tom always has first dibs on the finest wines!
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is a prophet of God.
As he clinched his medal, he reflected back on his entire journey here.
Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them, are prophets of God.
Tell me more about the Quran.
Tell me more about Islam.
As a kid, he was very short.
He started to read about Islam.
Ugh, it's so stereotypical of you to assume I'd be the one to do this kind of work.
He committed adultery with her.
I was mesmerized by the sheer beauty of her azure eyes.
He started asking questions about Islam.
He started asking questions about the Quran.
Now I know Berber.
Now I know Berber and understand it.
Obey God.
Follow the orders.
Worship God.
Worship God alone.
He left Christianity completely.
He didn't know about Islam yet.
Islam is a major religion.
Does God really exist?
Do you really believe in God?
Is there scientific proof that God exists?
What do you think of Islam?
Have you ever heard about Islam?
Of course I have heard about Islam.
Some people believe that all Muslims are Arabs.
He's not a good Muslim.
"What's a mosque?" "It's like a church with no chairs."
A mosque is like a church with no chairs.
Where is the mosque?
Where is your mosque?
Where is our mosque?
He used to take classes there.
Is this a mosque?
Is that a mosque?
He has never been to that mosque.
He didn't go inside the mosque.
This is a predominantly Turkish mosque.
This is a predominantly Indo-Pakistani mosque.
This is a predominantly African-American mosque.
This is a predominantly Chechen mosque.
This is a predominantly Algerian mosque.
He invited me into the mosque.
This is a predominantly Moroccan mosque.
This is a predominantly Egyptian mosque.
This is a predominantly Latino mosque.
This is a predominantly Pakistani mosque.
This is a predominantly Indian mosque.
This is a predominantly Somali mosque.
This is a predominantly Albanian mosque.
He started to become a Muslim voluntarily.
He explained what he said in Berber.
He's talking about God.
He translated everything into Berber.
He translated everything for me.
God's forgiveness comes from Him alone.
Only God forgives.
He has to go back to the mosque.
"Let's pray to God." "Which one?" "The God of Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad, peace be upon them all."
"Let's pray." "To whom?" "To God." "To the God of Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad, peace be upon them all."
He had a very heavy Kabyle accent.
The Quran is a book of guidance.
He doesn't believe in the Quran.
Our holy book is the Quran.
The Quran tells the truth.
Everything in the Quran is reasonable.
Everything in the Quran is logical.
The Quran is very direct in its teaching.
He was reading the Quran.
The mosque is right across the street from my house.
The mosque is locked.
The mosque is only open on Friday.
He went back to the mosque on Friday.
Islam has the answers to our questions.
Islam has the answers to our problems.
Islam has the solutions to our problems.
Jews refrain from proselytizing and even discourage others from converting.
Jews refrain from proselytizing and even discourage those who wish to convert.
The Christians of Nazareth ethnically cleansed their Jewish population in the 7th century.
The Christians massacred the vast majority of Jews remaining in Palestine in the aftermath of the Byzantine-Sasanian war.
He bought a DVD about Islam.
He watched a DVD about Islam.
He read a book about Islam.
He bought a book about Islam.
They debated about Islam.
He conversed with them about Islam.
He watched the DVD and converted to Islam.
He's buying DVDs about Islam.
He purchased DVDs about Islam.
He purchased a DVD about Islam.
He gave her a DVD about Islam.
He converted to Islam thanks to this DVD.
He made a DVD about Islam.
He makes DVDs about Islam.
He made a PowerPoint presentation about Islam.
He rejected Islam.
He refused to convert to Islam.
He made educational DVDs about Islam.
He has DVDs about Islam.
He has many DVDs about Islam.
Ask me any question about Islam.
You can ask me any question about Islam.
He had a pretty good knowledge about Islam.
He gave me an A for Islamic history.
He was struggling with his identity.
I pooped.
I shat.
I took a shit.
He always had books about Islam.
Go pray in the mosque.
He had no idea about Islam.
He spent hours in the mosque.
He's going to convert to Islam soon.
He started talking about Islam.
He's pretty learned about Islam.
The Quran is the truth.
He's a learned person in Islam.
He started to identify himself as Muslim.
When he told his family he was Muslim, they ostracized him.
He accepted the religion of Islam.
When he accepted the religion of Islam, he changed his name.
He wants to go to the Friday prayer.
He's Muslim and he has to go to the Friday prayer.
He's a Muslim chaplain.
He became a Muslim chaplain.
He's a Muslim chaplain in the US Army.
It took some time to convince her to convert to Islam.
When he converted to Islam, his wife didn't talk to him for four months.
When he converted to Islam, his family didn't talk to him for four years.
She's a devout Muslim.
He is a devout Muslim.
Muslims pray every day.
This is my life as a Muslim.
I know he hates Muslims.
His father hates Muslims.
Her father hates Muslims.
Maybe he is Muslim.
She is a Muslim convert.
Even Muslim scholars say this.
The Quran is without error.
His name is Muhammad.
He eats halal food.
He's Muslim and he only eats halal food.
His name is Muhammad and he's Muslim.
He doesn't want anyone to find out that he's Muslim.
"He doesn't want anyone to find out that he's Muslim." "His name is Muhammad. He can't hide that."
He knows nothing about Islam.
This doesn't give you the license to diminish us as Muslims.
This doesn't give you the license to diminish her as a Muslim.
This doesn't give him the right to diminish Muslims.
This doesn't give him the right to diminish us as Muslims.
This doesn't give him the right to insult us as Muslims.
He talks about Islam all the time.
He talks about the Quran all the time.
He talks about Prophet Muhammad all the time.
He became the first imam in town.
He went to Algeria to learn more about Islam.
He studied Islamic terminology.
He was born Muslim.
He works with Muslims.
He works with Jews.
He works with Christians.
He works with Muslim women.
He works with Muslim scholars.
He works with Muslim students.
He teaches Muslim students.
He teaches Berber to imams.
He teaches the Berber language to imams.
He teaches the Berber language to imams from all over Algeria.
He teaches Berber to imams from all over Algeria.
Who is God?
Jesus isn't God.
Christ isn't God.
Jesus never said he was the son of God.
Do you have any questions about Islam?
When you converted to Islam and your family ostracized you, did you get any support from Muslims?
I am going to translate movies again.
He spoke about the problems that others didn't want to notice.
You claim you know me but you know shit about me.
Muslims don't do that.
Are there any Muslims here?
He said he was angry with God.
He said he was angry with Muslims.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, received the Quran in twenty-three years.
Many Muslims have a perfection complex.
Of course Muslims kiss their wives.
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes." "Are you allowed to kiss your wife in Islam?" "What type of question is that? Of course you're allowed to kiss your wife in Islam!"
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes." "Do Muslims have sex naked?" "What type of question is that?"
She put her hijab on and prayed.
He is the imam of this mosque.
We went to the mosque to pray the Friday prayer.
He came into the mosque and prayed.
They have no Muslim chaplains there.
I have a question about Islam.
He is a second-generation Muslim.
Each and everyone of us is an imam.
Each one of us is an imam.
He took part in a Quran reciting contest.
He recited the Quran.
He heard the imam say that.
He's married to a Muslim woman.
He married a Muslim woman.
His wife is Muslim.
Her husband is Muslim.
I feel that my heard is anchored in the mosque.
He took them to the mosque.
Take these books to the mosque library.
"Are you Muslim?" "Does it matter?"
Is it true that Muslims don't kiss their wives?
She's allowed to wear the hijab.
She can wear the hijab in uniform.
I come to the mosque for peace.
Are there Muslim women there?
He isn't interested in becoming a Muslim.
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes." "Me too."
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes, and you?" "Me too."
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes." "OK."
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes. How about you?" "No."
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes. How about you?" "No. I'm Christian."
He goes to the mosque on Friday.
I remember the first time you came to the mosque.
He found refuge in Islam.
He found peace in Islam.
They took a picture together in the mosque.
He's a Christian and he was invited by his friends to a mosque.
Can a Muslim man marry a Jewish woman?
Can a Muslim man marry a Christian woman?
Can a Muslim man marry a Hindu woman?
I'm Muslim and I'm deeply in love with a Hindu woman. Can I marry her?
God created all of us.
He studied Islamic philosophy.
He blocked me on Facebook because I'm Muslim.
He wants to take a picture with the imam.
Tell us about your journey to Islam.
Fear God.
Fear your Lord.
God is above us all.
Think about God.
Remember God.
Respect God.
He loved the Quran.
He learned how to read Berber.
My parents come from Algeria.
My fourth grandfather was born in Algeria.
He wasn't a Muslim.
He wasn't Muslim.
He read the autobiography of Malcolm X.
He took his children more and more to the mosque.
His father took him more and more to the mosque.
He was driving to the mosque.
"Do they have a religion?" "Yes. They're Muslim."
There are Muslims in my neighborhood.
They want us to be Muslim.
They want us to be Muslims.
There is a Muslim village there.
He lives in a Jewish neighborhood.
He lives in a Muslim neighborhood.
He lives in a Christian neighborhood.
Those are Muslims.
"Those are Muslims." "I'm one of them."
Why are we going to the mosque?
I have a religion now and it's Islam.
He's scared to come into the mosque.
I don't eat pork. I'm Muslim.
He gave a copy of the Quran.
They like Muslims.
He kept a copy of the Quran in his office.
He took me to the Friday prayer.
He took me to the mosque on Friday.
He went into the mosque.
They were praying in the mosque.
He's thinking like a Muslim.
She goes to the mosque every Friday.
She went to the mosque every Friday.
He didn't take shahada.
He opened the mosque at four in the morning.
The mosque opens at four in the morning.
His mother was a hardcore Christian.
Life with his mother was difficult.
He was Muslim.
Arabic is not my language, I am Kabyle.
I didn't even know that we had a Muslim chaplain.
Islam is not a racist religion.
He's Muslim and he prays fives time a day.
We were walking to the mosque.
He was leaving for Algeria the next day.
Why don't you keep this copy of the Quran? I can have another one.
I never saw that guy again in my whole life.
The Kabyle language has its roots in the ancient Berber language.
He started to learn Berber.
Muslims don't worship Muhammad.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is just a man.
I want to learn Berber for myself.
He wants to read the Quran for himself.
He immediately fell in love with Islam.
Islam is the solution.
Islam is the cure.
The imam is here.
The imam is in here.
He invited us to his mosque.
Come to our mosque.
Why do you call yourself Abu Muhammad? You have no children.
There are a lot of Muslims in Japan.
They are the only Muslims there.
He's a Quran teacher.
He taught me a lot of things about the Quran.
He's an Islamic studies teacher.
She was fluent in Berber.
He was fluent in Berber before he left for Algeria.
Malcolm X was alive when I was born.
Nelson Mandela was still in jail when I was born.
Nelson Mandela hadn't gone to jail when I was born.
East Jerusalem hadn't been occupied when I was born.
I read the Quran and I benefited from its reading.
"Where are you going?" "I'm just going to Algeria."
I want to go to Algeria.
We prayed over her and we buried her.
He doesn't know anybody in Algeria.
They both went to Algeria.
He started talking to me in Berber. It's an African language.
He was talking to me in Berber as if I already knew it.
He was talking to me in Berber as if I knew it.
He lived in a traditional Kabyle house for four years.
He was reciting the Quran.
He memorized a chapter of the Quran.
He's trying to memorize a chapter of the Quran.
They're both Berber teachers.
He taught Berber until he died.
He continued to give us Berber lessons.
Islam changed my life.
Memorize the Quran.
He memorized the Quran.
He's trying to memorize the Quran.
He doesn't know enough Arabic to learn the Quran.
He wants to talk to the imam.
Have you memorize the Quran?
What did you do in Algeria?
They tried to memorize the Quran.
They moved to Algeria.
He wrote many books about Islam.
He wrote many books about the Quran.
You can study Islam here.
You can learn about Islam here.
He was born and raised here in Algeria.
He was born in Algeria and raised right here in Skikda.
I have lived in this area of Algiers for about four years.
We analyzed it from an Islamic angle.
He grew up in Algiers.
He grew up with his four sisters in Algiers.
He was very influential in my life.
He was raised a Muslim.
He was not just raised a Muslim, but he was a devout Muslim.
He liked to go to the mosque.
Muslims consider that the trinity is false.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus died for our sins.
I couldn't get my arms around the trinity.
He came back from Algeria.
Despite that, he was confident in the fact that he was Muslim.
His sister accepted Islam.
They both read the Quran.
He realized that Islam started to make more and more sense to him.
He worshiped God.
If you worship God alone, you will go to paradise.
He wants to take his shahada.
He wants to be a Muslim.
He took his shahada in Algiers.
She took her shahada in Bejaia.
They discovered Islam together.
He tried to get involved in the Muslim community.
He visited a local mosque.
He visited a local Islamic center.
He lives in a predominantly Muslim neighborhood.
There is no Friday prayer at my college.
There is no Friday prayer at my school.
He introduced me to some Muslims.
He introduced me to some Muslim students.
We all believe in God.
He started learning the Quran.
He started studying the Quran.
She started learning the Quran.
Islam helped me find my greatest passion which is teaching.
They tried to intimidate Muslim students on the campus.
Is Jesus God?
Is Jesus really God?
A circle is always round.
Jesus never said he was God.
There is nowhere in the Bible where Jesus says: "I am God."
The New Testament doesn't say that Jesus is God.
He has a good Muslim friend.
He encouraged me to come back to Islam.
He lives in Algeria now.
He came there.
What is it that makes you want to leave Islam?
He wants to hear more about Islam.
She returned to the mosque.
He encouraged me to convert to Islam.
She had her scarf pulled off by a neo-Nazi.
She had her scarf pulled off on the campus.
They showed solidarity with Muslims.
We attended the Friday prayer together.
We prayed in the mosque together.
You should try to come back to Islam.
He is our brother in Islam.
He is our imam.
His children were raised in Algiers.
He was in Algeria last week.
We are attempting to spread the word of Islam to those who don't know it.
When you know Muslims better, you'd become closer to them.
According to Islamic principles, believers are brothers.
I was born in Algiers.
My immediate family are Muslim.
He's part of a large Muslim family.
He developed a belief in God.
I believe in one God.
I believe in a god.
God began to open my eyes.
He began to pray.
They're still Muslim.
If Tom and Mary are happy, I am, too.
These Islamic books are targeted towards the African American community.
If Tom and Mary are happy, so am I.
Islam is a monotheistic religion.
He's gonna be a good Muslim one day.
He even did a paper on Islam.
He calls himself a Muslim.
He even wrote a paper on Islam.
He wrote an article on Islam.
He started reading the Quran more.
When he left Algeria, he missed it.
Malcolm X's autobiography was so captivating.
They started reading the Quran.
He's started reading the Quran more carefully.
We believe in the same God.
We believe in one God.
He started learning a little bit more about Islam.
Where is God?
"Where is God?" "He's in heaven."
Allah is in heaven above His throne.
God can do this.
God can do that.
We visited the local Muslim community.
He visited the local Muslim community.
What does the Quran say about that?
She used to go to the mosque.
She was still a big mosque-goer.
He was still a big mosque-goer.
He still goes to the mosque.
He still goes to the mosque a lot.
He still goes to the mosque every day.
We started talking about Islam.
He fell off his camel.
We all fell off our camels.
He hasn't really read the Quran.
He started to understand the Quran better.
This is what the Quran teaches us.
He read that in the Quran.
The company made most of its employees redundant.
He has believed in God his entire life.
Neo found out he had been living in a dream the whole time.
He's heading to the mosque.
His father is in the mosque.
He doesn't know that much about Islam.
Life ends very quickly.
He says he is going to accept Islam.
He says he is going to convert to Islam.
I signed on at the job centre.
We're studying Islam together.
Every time I go to Algiers, I visit him.
He took shahada while he was in Algeria.
He's going to become a Muslim.
He took her to the mosque to take her shahada.
When I was unemployed, I was receiving unemloyment benefits.
He is the assistant imam.
The imam is not there.
When I was unemployed, I received unemloyment benefits.
He went to a halal restaurant.
They accepted Islam.
Islam is a good religion.
Islam is a beautiful religion.
He hasn't taken shahada yet.
He taught me how to make wudu.
He's ready to accept Islam.
"What do you know about Islam?" "I don't know that much."
He already knows enough things about Islam.
Can you have a girlfriend in Islam?
They repainted the mosque.
We need to get the mosque painted.
He told his mother that he accepted Islam.
"I have converted to Islam." "I know you're an intelligent person and I trust your choice."
"Dad, I have converted to Islam." "I know you're an intelligent person and I trust your choice."
I was using his office for salat.
The young lady who works with us is Muslim.
He began learning about Islam.
He found a mosque in the area.
He started going to the mosque on a regular basis.
He started going to the Friday prayer on a regular basis.
We have been given a property to build a permanent mosque.
This is our temporary mosque.
This trailer house is our temporary mosque.
I want to ask you a question about Islam.
How are you living as a Muslim?
He started asking more questions about Islam.
He began to question his own Muslim faith.
He took shahada in a mosque.
She took shahada in a mosque.
How did your mother react when you converted to Islam?
My sisters and I are Muslims.
He was studying Islam.
He's still making dawah.
He has been to Algeria four times.
He traveled a lot to Algeria.
He saw the Kaaba for the first time.
The Kaaba is God's house.
He's a Muslim from Algeria.
The Kaaba looks so beautiful.
The Kaaba is a beautiful thing to watch.
He met his wife in Algeria.
He had met his wife before he took shahada.
He wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
He's going to accept Islam.
You know what? I'm going to accept Islam.
Converting to Islam means learning a new way of life.
He began to learn about Islam.
Marry a Muslim woman.
He is not Muslim.
He is not Muslim but this doesn't bother me.
He has accepted Islam.
His faith is stronger than hers.
His recitation of the Quran is terrible.
He's teaching me Berber.
He takes Berber classes here.
It is important to recite the Quran properly.
He's relearning the Quran.
He put his children into a Quranic school at a young age.
When he recites the Quran, he sounds like a native Arabic speaker.
He recites the Quran beautifully.
He asked me certain questions about Islam.
He believes the Quran is the truth.
He's very qualified to teach the Quran.
If anyone is interested in learning the Quran, call this number.
If anyone is interested in learning the Quran, come to the mosque at four o'clock.
He was living in Algeria at that time.
He was living in Algeria at that time and he came visiting.
He took shahada.
He moved shortly after that here to Algeria.
He moved shortly after that to Algeria.
He moved to Algeria to be closer to her.
He was supposedly Muslim.
He met a woman who was supposedly Muslim.
He has a photo of Malcolm X on the wall of his office.
None of them accepted Islam.
None of them converted to Islam.
He never converted to Islam.
He never accepted Islam.
He did the best he could to convert her to Islam.
He did the best he could to convert his mother to Islam.
He ended up marrying a Muslim woman.
She wants to be Muslim.
They rounded up a lot of Muslims in that neighborhood.
He's going to the mosque.
They both went to the mosque.
He's talking to the imam.
They were members of the Nation of Islam.
They went back to Islam.
They are both from Algeria.
He said stupid things about Islam.
He said bad things about Islam.
He was born a Muslim.
Like many of you, he was born a Muslim.
Like many of us, he was born a Muslim.
He was born in a little town in Bejaia, Algeria.
His mother was Muslim.
His mother was very serious about Islam.
My children have to be raised Muslim.
He went to a Quranic school.
They were Muslims.
He never thought I'd become a Muslim.
My father never thought I'd become a Muslim.
He's going to a Quranic school.
Over time, Islam became less and less important in his life.
He was still a Muslim.
He had no commitment to Islam.
He was what you would call a "cultural Muslim."
When he went to college, he began to get exposed to Islam.
He read another book about Islam.
He was a cultural Jew.
He has no affinity to the Jewish faith.
He is a cultural Christian.
He read another book by Thomas Hardy.
He turned me into a Muslim.
God is the supreme being.
He began to read about Islam.
He read a lot about Islam.
He read a lot about the history of Islam.
Jesus isn't divine.
He read about Islam.
He's reading about Islam.
He began to study Islam.
Islam was one of the religions he was studying.
They believe in one god.
He's a member of the Nation of Islam.
He was talking about Islam.
He knew Malcolm X in the 1960s.
He had a tremendous amount of Islam for Islam.
He had a lot of respect for Islam.
He had a lot of respect for the philosophy of the Nation of Islam.
Many of them were Muslims.
They're Muslims from Algeria.
There were Muslims with Columbus.
He had great respect for Islam.
We talked about Islam.
He tried to convince me that Islam is the right way.
I'll meet you in the mosque.
What happened to the Nation of Islam after the death of Elijah Muhammad?
After the death of Elijah Muhammad, his son took over the organization of the Nation of Islam.
She read the autobiography of Malcolm X.
He doesn't really know any Muslim.
If you believe in Islam, then you should practice it.
He believes that Islam is the right way.
If you believe that Islam is the right way, then you should become a Muslim yourself.
According to Islamic principles, there is no superiority of whites over blacks.
We went to Algiers to visit a cousin.
He began to learn everything he could about Islam.
He came to Islam on his own.
How did your family react to your conversion to Islam?
"I have converted to Islam." "If this is what you believe, then go for it."
He converted to Islam a few months before he passed on.
I was blessed to discover Islam and accept it.
He took his family to live in a Muslim country.
He was able to go to Algeria.
He spent some time in Algeria.
Muslims are only a minority in this country.
Muslims predominate here.
Muslims predominate in this area.
God has blessed me to become Muslim.
He became Muslim and stayed Muslim.
How did he become Muslim?
I'm convinced that Islam has made me a better person.
It's a blessing for me to be Muslim.
He's committed to Islam.
A Muslim should serve as an example to non-Muslims.
I never knew how she became Muslim.
He set me on the path to become a Muslim.
He wants to become a better Muslim.
He doesn't know anybody in the mosque.
They are not interested in Islam.
Tell me about Islam.
I know that you're involved in dawah.
They all know I'm a Muslim.
They all know I believe in God.
He did you become Muslim?
He's doing dawah in his neighborhood.
Why do you Muslims kill each other?
Why are you Muslims kill each other?
Muslims are people. They have their strengths and their weaknesses.
They say they're Muslims but they're not doing what Islam says.
Muslims are killing each other around the world.
He wants to do dawah.
He's talking about Islam.
Is Islam a peaceful religion?
He did dawah in Algeria.
Islam is a peaceful religion.
Muslims have the right to defend themselves.
Muslims are being abused throughout the world.
The word "Islam" means submission to God.
Islam forbids taking the lives of innocent people.
They're committing crimes in the name of Islam.
He read so many books about Islam.
He wrote so many books about Islam.
That's what Islam is.
They commit crimes in the name of Islam.
Religious violence isn't specific to Islam.
Violence in the name of religion isn't specific to Islam.
So many bad things were done in the name of Christianity in the United States.
Terrorist organizations like Daesh are distorting the image of Islam.
Are you a Muslim?
Every Muslim should read that book.
I will do it in the morning after the fajr prayer.
He has just left Algeria and gone to Turkey.
I want to teach you about Islam.
I had the chance to talk to people about Islam.
They meet here at the mosque.
We had a wonderful conversation about Islam.
We have to go pray.
This evening, you're going to learn something about Islam.
He's a member of a Muslim association.
This mosque isn't far from my office.
This mosque is very close to his house.
This is the largest mosque in the area.
This is the largest mosque in town.
He consciously embraced Islam.
He's a Muslim by declaration.
Becoming a Muslim is a conscious decision that one has to make.
He was born in Algeria and raised in Tunisia.
He still has a lot of family in Algeria.
It is in Algiers that spent the formative years of his life.
In the 1940s, his family moved to Algiers.
He came to Algiers in 2004.
In the 1950s, it was difficult to grow up in Algiers.
I first heard of Islam when I was in Algeria.
His family moved to Algiers.
When his family moved to Algiers, he was fourteen years old.
He wanted to change the course that his life was on.
The assistant imam came.
How did you first encounter Islam?
The mosque has a little library.
She went to the mosque library.
The autobiography of Malcolm X changed my life.
He had boxes and boxes of Islamic books.
He had tons and tons of Islamic books.
He was in the Nation of Islam for about four months.
He left the Nation of Islam.
He was disappointed with the Nation of Islam.
He began the process of becoming a member of the Nation of Islam.
He began the process of becoming a Muslim.
This is the first but that he wrote about Islam.
What was your family's reaction to your conversion to Islam?
He began the process of becoming Muslim.
They're all Muslim.
He's Muslim and he wears a beard.
He's a very committed Muslim.
Tom wasn't that impressed.
She wasn't that impressed.
What advice would you offer to a person considering to convert to Islam?
Mary wasn't that impressed.
He wasn't that impressed.
He embraced Islam in a mosque like this.
He embraced Islam because he wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
He converted to Islam because he wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
Islam can change your life.
The Quran is the only book that he read.
The Quran is the only book that he reads.
He knows you're a Muslim.
Our family doctor is a Muslim.
Islam and Muslims are in the news every day.
Islam and Muslims are on Fox News every day.
Islam and Muslims are on Fox News every day and unfortunately not in a positive way.
Only Allah is perfect.
This is something that we can do in Algeria.
We can do this in Algeria.
She is from Algeria.
Did he take shahada?
Malcolm X was my beacon.
Muhammad Ali was my hero.
He wanted to remain in the Nation of Islam.
He was a strong leader of the Nation of Islam.
He wasn't going to the mosque.
He had a co-worker from Algeria who was Muslim.
You, however, see and say: why? But I dream and say: why not?
Tom learned a life lesson.
Tom learned an important life lesson.
Turkey is housing million Syrian refugees and planning to relocate some of them in the areas it takes control of in northern Syria.
Tom didn't answer Mary's questions.
How did that get broken?
Tom did something crazy.
Do you have a corkscrew?
Tom deleted all of Mary's messages.
Tom deleted his account.
What color is your dog?
He is fat and bloated; those who do not know him cannot recognize him.
I'd be happy if I were healthier.
I respect everyone's opinion.
I need something from you guys.
I think that there's more to this.
I quit smoking three months ago.
I was born October 20, 2013.
Warblers are birds that arrive in autumn, during the plowing. Our friend said this. He added: there are all kinds.
The warbler is a bird coming in at autumn, during the plowings. Our friend said it. And he added: there are all kinds.
The warbler is a bird arriving at autumn, during the plowings. Our friend said it. And he added: there are all kinds.
How to go to this place?
Prior to Germany, no country in the history of humanity had received a million immigrants at one time.
He was looking for his pen.
Judaism was the first religion of the Berbers in North Africa before the arrival of Christianity.
I think that German wine is among the best in the world.
Until now, the taxes have not decreased.
Salas is a very ethnic name. It's a Berber name.
Both my parents are Algerians.
He was raised very Muslim.
You can't really be Algerian and not religious.
He went to an Islamic school.
He went to an Islamic college.
He went to an Islamic high school.
He accepted Islam but never trashed where he came from.
He accepted Islam but never trashed his Hindu heritage.
He accepted Islam but he's still proud of his Indian heritage.
When the imam came in, everybody stood up.
He's not an imam.
He's not a mufti.
He started his exploration of Islam.
When he was in college, he started his exploration of Islam.
When he was in college, he started exploring Islam.
He has already learned a little bit about Islam.
He sent his kids to an Islamic nursing school.
How long have you been unemployed?
I have been unemloyed for six months.
Long-term unemployed people can suffer from depression.
His kids were raised Muslim.
His children were raised Muslim.
He's praying five times a day.
We'll raise our kids Muslim.
"We'll raise our kids Muslim." "I'm OK with it."
He learned some Quran.
He sent his kids to an Islamic school.
When she goes to the Islamic school, she always covers.
When she goes to the Islamic school, she always covers up.
His wife is not Muslim.
He got a lot of exposure to Islam.
His conversion to Islam was a very short process.
His conversion to Islam was a very quick process.
He took his shahada four years ago.
He seems to be neglecting his duties.
He had a negative experience with some Muslims.
His approach to Islam was very intellectual.
His approach to Islam was very personal.
She was reciting the Quran.
Every time he reads this passage of the Quran, he cries.
Every time he reads this passage of the Quran, he starts sobbing.
I've been waiting fourteen years for my wife to convert to Islam.
She took her shahada in Algeria.
Mom, I have converted to Islam.
"I have converted to Islam." "You have your own journey to take. That's your own choice." "Does that mean that you're OK with it?"
He was raised with a very strong Islamic identity.
When he converted to Islam, he reinvented himself.
Reading all these books about Islam is a lot of work.
He's about to convert to Islam.
He was educating me about Islam.
I think that Islam is an amazing religion.
There's a lot to learn about Islam.
My conversion to Islam allowed me to develop interesting relationships.
What advice would you offer to Muslim converts?
Muslims are just people and some of them behave badly.
He had a positive experience with Islam.
He's not really a big Quran reader.
He wasn't accustomed to reading the Quran.
She opened the Quran and started reading.
He opened the Quran and started reciting.
Does anybody have any question about Islam?
He gives his parents dawah every time he possibly can.
Do you give dawah to your parents?
His grandmother is from Algeria.
His dead is a second-generation Algerian on both sides.
He is the imam of that mosque.
These Muslim converts come from different cultures.
These Muslim converts come from different backgrounds.
He became committed to Islam.
He converted to Islam without any type of pressure.
He converted to Islam without any pressure.
He converted then left Islam.
He converted to Islam a few days before he married his Muslim girlfriend.
Islam is the right way to lead your life.
He didn't want to take shahada.
He wasn't raised Muslim.
He wanted to leave Islam.
He converted back to Islam.
Islam is his new frame of reference.
Does he have a copy of the Quran?
He got a better understanding of Islam.
He taught me wrong things about Islam.
He didn't want me to convert to Islam.
His parents didn't want him to convert to Islam.
He has a strong Islamic identity.
They had a lengthy conversation with his wife about Islam.
Can a Muslim woman wear pants?
"A Muslim woman can't wear pants." "Why can't women wear pants?"
"What car have you bought, Mary?" "A red one."
He made his own personal decision to convert to Islam.
He did a documentary on hajj.
I could just as easily say that among elephants, the female wears the trousers.
Mary is so revered in Islam.
Mary is revered in Islam but Muslims don't pray to her.
Many people are converting to Islam.
I'm Muslim myself.
Islam is being attacked everywhere.
Muslims are being attacked everywhere.
He majored in Islamic sciences.
You're not explaining Islam in the right manner.
One of them was an imam.
When he was younger, he wanted to be an imam.
Some imams are amazing.
Some imams are mean, but many are amazing.
"He bent over and put his forehead to the ground." "He's a Muslim and he was praying."
He's not familiar with Islam.
He's learning about Islam.
He didn't have a good opinion of Islam.
He's still Muslim.
She was born Muslim.
He learned a lot of things about Islam.
He tried to convert his parents to Islam.
He talks to them a lot about Islam.
His parents never rejected him for his conversion to Islam.
He's Irish American and his wife is Algerian.
He's German American and his mother is Algerian.
His parents never rejected him for accepting Islam.
Soon he will be coming to live with us in Algeria.
I'm trying to be the best Muslim that one can be.
He loves Islam very much.
I think Islam is an amazing religion.
His wife accepted Islam.
His brother accepted Islam.
She left her Muslim husband and left Islam, too.
He left Islam and tried to take his children out of Islam.
They're not Muslim anymore.
They're not practicing Islam.
He's interacting with Muslims on a daily basis.
We have to pray isha.
He never changed his name after becoming a Muslim.
All things about Islam are perfect.
He never changed his name after converting to Islam.
Meriem is Arabic and Berber for Mary.
Meriem is a very beautiful name.
Berber names are neither offensive nor ugly.
You can pray in this room.
You can pray here.
We moved the chairs to pray there.
He's the imam of a mosque in Bejaia.
He became Muslim just before his death.
He read the Quran to her.
His mother became Muslim just before her death.
He asked me to read the Quran to him.
He asked me to read him the Quran because he wasn't very literate.
His mother asked him to read her the Quran because she wasn't very literate.
He converted to Islam so quickly.
He accepted Islam so quickly.
He called himself Muslim.
You should be Muslim.
You should convert to Islam.
You should worship God.
He gave me a Yusuf Ali translation of the Quran.
You need to start reading the Quran.
"You need to start reading this?" "What's this?" "The Quran."
He started reading the Quran at age fourteen.
You've got to learn how to read Berber.
He's actually a Muslim.
He told me about Islam.
He asked her about Islam.
He asked her about the Quran.
He introduced me to Islam.
He was the one who introduced me to Islam.
He started learning to recite the Quran.
She memorized the Quran.
He learned the Berber language.
He used to like Berber.
He used to like Berber grammar.
You can learn Berber easy.
You can learn Berber easily.
He got so many books about Berber.
He was able to learn Berber.
He gave all his Berber books away.
He can read any Berber text that you put in front of him.
He was raised Muslim by his grandmother.
When he became ill, he converted to Islam.
His mother took the shahada.
His son took his shahada.
His son took the shahada.
He comes to the mosque to pray.
His sister took the shahada.
His daughter took the shahada.
A lot of his family members became Muslim.
He converted to Islam and he's doing pretty well with that.
Many Muslims are victims of religious discrimination.
He teaches Islam.
Why do Muslims pray so much?
What do Muslims believe about Jesus?
What do Muslims believe about Moses?
What do Muslims believe about Abraham?
What do Muslims believe about Jews?
Muslims believe in Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad.
We have to worship God.
You have to worship God.
How do I worship God?
Islam is a favor upon us.
Read that verse again.
What does this Quranic verse mean?
Read the Quranic verse again.
The speech of God is above any other speech.
Be obedient to God.
He's giving people dawah.
He memorized an entire juz of the Quran.
Islam is true.
Islam is the right path.
His grandmother took her shahada.
A lof of us come from Algeria.
I learned to practice Islam even better in Algeria.
I learned to practice Islam even better here.
Islam was the right choice for me.
I think that Islam is the right choice.
Try to please and satisfy God to the best of your ability.
Muslims don't believe that.
Do you want to be loved by God?
All of us want to acquire the love of God.
All of us want to be loved by God.
He had some questions about Islam.
He took his shahada there.
Make wudu properly.
Pray properly.
He's calling people to Islam.
He should be Muslim.
Nobody put a knife to his throat and asked him to become a Muslim.
Islamic teachings are so simple.
Islamic teachings are so eloquent.
Islamic teachings are so clear.
God doesn't have a son.
This is what God tells us.
Our mosque is so beautiful.
They both want to be Muslims.
Islam is good.
Islam is the best religion.
Muslims don't cuss.
Muslims don't drink.
Muslims don't eat snake.
Muslims don't eat cat.
Muslims don't eat dog.
A Muslim needs to call people away from the wrong they're doing.
"I want to be like you." "What do you mean?" "I want to be a Muslim."
No one is on the same level as God.
Nothing is on the same level as God.
He saw Islam as the way to go.
He would never tell you that about Islam.
Islamic teachings are logical to me.
We ask God to forgive us.
We ask God to forgive us all.
We're not here to convert anyone to Islam.
We're not here to convert you to Islam. We're just here to invite people to Islam.
He studied and learned more about Islam.
What did Muhammad really say?
What did the Quran really say?
What did the Quran really say about that?
Do you believe in the trinity?
Does the Bible refer to the trinity?
Does the Bible really refer to the trinity?
We ask God to guide us.
He heard about Islam.
He fought against Islam.
He knows what the Quran is saying is true.
I know what the Quran is saying is true but I can't accept Islam.
He says he knows what the Quran is saying is true but he can't accept Islam.
His aunt converted to Islam.
My mother's conversion to Islam wasn't easy.
His conversion to Islam wasn't easy.
He chose the wrong time to tell her about Islam.
He chose the wrong time to talk about Islam.
He recited the Quran to his mother.
She barely speaks Berber.
He should learn the Quran.
The Quran is our holy book.
The Quran is our book.
He walks past the mosque every day.
"You should be Muslim." "I don't want t be Muslim."
The imam was serious all the time.
He uses humor to convert people to Islam.
He became familiar with Islam.
He learned more about Islam.
He developed his knowledge about Islam.
She's calling people to Islam.
She's a Muslim woman from Algeria.
She's a new Muslim.
He was born into Islam.
He didn't go to the mosque for years.
He didn't pray in the mosque for years.
He prayed all night.
He has nothing in his heart against Muslims.
He doesn't want his brother to convert to Islam.
He married into a Muslim family.
This is what motivated him to study Islam.
This is what motivated him to study Berber.
This is what motivated him to study the Quran.
This is what motivated him to learn the Quran.
This is what motivated him to memorize the Quran.
He called his family to Islam.
Get close to God.
Get closer to God.
He is not praying.
She was born into Islam.
He converted to Islam later.
She was Muslim.
His parents were Muslim.
What do you really know about Islam?
I am afraid of being fired.
How can I be a better Muslim than I am?
Do you want your brothers to go to hell?
Do you want your parents to go to hell?
Do you want your children to go to hell?
Islam is a comprehensive religion.
Islam is a way of life.
Are you sincere to God?
Do you defend Islam?
The Quran is the book of God.
He's your brother in Islam.
There are sentences that I am not going to translate.
He abandoned Islam.
This goes against Islam.
"Duden" is the bible of the German language.
There are sentences that I won't translate.
You're going to hell.
He said something about Islam.
He explained to her the pillars of Islam.
Islam has five pillars.
He's Muslim and he believes this.
Christians reject Muhammad but Muslims don't reject Jesus.
You know you're messing up and you're going to hell.
He started studying the life of our prophet.
Muhammad is a prophet.
He wants to be a better Muslim.
She began to study Islam.
His life is in Islam.
I am not going to promote any religion.
His principles are in Islam.
I want to be a better Muslim. That's why I'm here.
Every Muslim has to seek knowledge.
According to Islamic principles, seeking knowledge is an obligation.
Every Muslim is responsible for acquiring the information that they need to make them a better Muslim.
It's mentioned in the Quran.
There are subjects that I avoid.
He is going to hell.
He just recently converted to Islam.
The imam was reading the Quran.
He was trying to find excuses to leave Islam.
His heart is attached to Islam.
I am not biased against any religion. That does not mean that I support them, though.
His heart is attached to this mosque.
His heart is attached to that mosque.
He has his doubts about Islam.
They were raised Muslims.
Who converted you to Islam?
He gave a presentation about Islam.
He always speaks positive things about Islam.
He was born and raised a Muslim.
He was born and raised a Sunni Muslim.
He was raised a Shia Muslim.
He says he has never heard about Islam.
His mother is a Sunni Muslim.
They all went to the mosque together.
He went to the mosque with his parents.
He forced his kids to read the Bible.
He picked up the Bible and sat down to read it.
He doesn't have the knowledge to understand the Quran.
He went to a different mosque.
He went to the mosque with his family.
The mosque is open.
He went to the mosque with his friend and his family.
He joined the youth choir.
He knew nothing about Islam.
She was sitting in the mosque.
He stopped going to the mosque.
He wants to convert to Islam but he doesn't know where to start.
He went to the bookstore and got a book on Islam.
He read an Islamic newspaper.
The Quran is a very powerful book.
Malcolm X's autobiography is a really powerful book.
His father never accepted Islam.
His uncle never accepted Islam.
He was telling me about Islam.
He was giving me dawah.
This is the first time he has ever set foot in a mosque.
He took his mother to the mosque to take her shahada.
My conversion to Islam created peace in me.
Islam created peace in me.
My conversion to Islam relaxed me.
Prayer is our strongest weapon.
Prayer is our most powerful weapon.
How much time do you spend in the mosque?
Haven't you read the Quran?
He's the only member of his family that converted to Islam.
He criticized Islam.
Safety is important.
Safety is our first priority.
Every time he goes to Algiers, he makes time and goes to see his mother.
A bottle of red wine, please.
Can I have a bottle of red wine?
The danger has not passed yet.
You don't have to do all this praying and fasting.
I have something on.
Let's drink some water.
I bought some apples.
Please read the passage.
Can I look at your dictionary?
I'll go to the toilet.
Tom has seen me laugh.
Tom laughed at the sight of me.
When he converted to Islam, his mother fell out with him.
Thanks for your well-wishes.
Tom wrote a very profound report.
He changed his idea.
He turned back to God.
He asked God for forgiveness.
Talk to me about Germany.
You look as though you have just lost your best friend.
You seem like you just lost your best friend.
Don't forget to lock the door when leaving.
Everything's working fine.
The bus stop isn't far from us.
You can't be a Muslim and still hang out with your friends that smoke weed.
Why did he live in America?
That's just my imagination.
He's part of the Muslim community.
A magnificent idea materialized in front of him.
He's a Muslim now.
A wonderful idea floated to his mind.
He thought of a brilliant idea.
When he converted to Islam, his son was a little baby.
No matter what, I'm leaving when the rain stops.
When he converted to Islam, his son was a baby.
She went far away.
He kept his son connected to the mosque.
The black cat ran quickly.
I only asked to do this.
He raised his son in an Islamic environment.
He spends his time in the mosque.
Wait a while, I'll be right back.
Put the Quran on.
Play the Quran.
He wants to listen to the Quran.
He wants to hear the Quran.
My mother stood for awhile, then sighed as she returned to her room.
With this little money, I can't even support my family.
May God guide him.
What else can this do?
I've decided to go to Hokkaido with my friends next month.
He doesn't have homosexual friends.
He came on the 18th of April.
We don't have homosexual friends. They have their group and we have ours.
Are you done talking?
He woke his son up for the fajr prayer.
He wanted to pray the fajr prayer.
Thank you, I've finished talking.
His son wants to convert to Islam.
You should come back immediately.
He sat down, playing with his own toys.
I'm totally not a scholar.
I don't know, go to sleep!
My hobbies are driving and playing the guitar.
Maria came on time.
He got his own apartment in Algiers.
He went to the mosque and took his shahada.
He married her after he took his shahada.
They got apartment together in Algiers.
He has just taken his shahada.
He was bathed in the warmth of the kind light.
His brother has just taken his shahada.
He knew the Quran.
He could speak Berber.
He's very knowledgeable in Islam.
He talked about Islam.
I've lost seconds of my life.
Don't forget to fill in your name on the form.
Thank you, I've finished speaking.
He doesn't want to be around Muslims.
Many books have been stolen.
He has always given dawah.
It's time for prayer.
I'm Muslim and I don't shy away from saying this.
They prayed in the garage.
They turned the garage into a prayer room.
They turned the garage into a mosque.
They turned the garage into a little mosque.
He's got to go pray.
He didn't see her praying.
Muslims need to be the best examples for each other.
He gave her information about Islam.
Islam is beautiful.
He tried to read the Quran but he couldn't understand it.
He was able to understand the Quran.
We need to see Islam for what it is.
Islam opens up your eyes.
The Quran opens up your eyes.
The Quran opens up your mind.
Islam opens up your mind.
The Quran is being translated into many languages.
They have very limited information about Islam.
Why haven't we done anything?
That's not ready!
Can you prove that the Quran is wrong?
I am not as optimistic as you are.
You can't prove that the Quran is wrong.
Ahmad Deedat gave dawah all his life.
I am learning this foreign language.
This painting is really very nice.
The children are noisy.
Didn't you read the Quran?
Why don't we do anything?
Islam is pure.
Islam is clear.
Islam is so beautiful.
She was reading the Quran.
He was reading the Quran in his car.
Why aren't we doing anything?
He's ready to take his shahada.
I think Islam is beautiful.
"I have decided to convert to Islam." "You're making the right move."
He talks to the imam every Friday.
He wants to be around Muslims.
His town has a very strong Islamic community.
His attachment to Islam stems from that.
Everything that he did was connected to the mosque.
Everything that he did was connected to Islam.
They met at the mosque.
They held a meeting at the mosque.
They met at the mosque library.
They held a meeting at the mosque library.
He buys meat from a Jewish store.
He buys chicken from a Jewish store.
Everything they do is connected to the mosque.
Only God guides.
He kept his son attached to the mosque.
He kept his children attached to the mosque.
This is from God.
He's the only Muslim there.
She has her hijab on.
What did the imam say?
He questions anything related to the Quran.
He wants to learn more about Islam.
They were speaking Berber around me.
I felt intimidated at the beginning when I heard them speaking Berber around me.
They came to the mosque.
They both came to the mosque.
I knew he was Muslim.
I don't know much about Islam. Can you tell me about it?
He's always asking questions about Islam.
Please pray for me.
He invited her to the mosque.
Can you come with me to the mosque?
Come to the mosque this evening.
May God guide her.
I think he's ready to take his shahada.
I'll bring her here.
I thank God for guiding me to Islam.
Before he converted to Islam, he didn't know how to read and write.
Why don't you read the Quran?
The Quran is the word of God.
He comes from a Muslim family.
He comes from a Muslim family but they are not very religious.
He continued to read the Quran.
He read the Quran in Arabic.
When he converted to Islam, he changed completely.
She says Islam is a mean religion.
She says Islam is a bad religion.
He never really talked about Islam.
He never really talked about his conversion to Islam.
He's familiar with Islamic terminology.
At the time, God blessed me with a good memory.
She read a lot about Islam.
He fasted with us during the month of Ramadan.
He started telling me about Islam.
He read a translation of the Quran.
The Quran is so unique.
I have never read a book like the Quran.
Ramadan is over.
He took his shahada after the holy month of Ramadan.
He was the imam of the mosque.
He began to study the Berber language.
They made him the imam of their mosque.
This is how I came to Islam.
I reside in Algiers.
What influenced him to become a Muslim?
After he converted to Islam, he gave up a lot of his bad habits.
The call of Islam is the call of morality.
Muslims support each other.
My conversion to Islam was a good experience.
Praise be to God that He guided me to Islam.
Four of my family members have converted to Islam.
My little brother accepted Islam.
His parents have shown interest in Islam.
Many people in his immediate family accepted Islam.
Islam changed me.
Islam has changed me.
He shows respect for the religion of Islam.
He shows a lot of respect for the religion of Islam.
We don't know what God has decreed for us.
Keep studying Islam.
He stopped studying Islam.
He kept studying Islam.
Islam teaches us how to improve ourselves.
Islam teaches us how to be better people.
Islam teaches us how to be better Muslims.
Islam clearly shows us this.
Islam clearly shows us that.
Islam clearly teaches us this.
Islam clearly teachers us that.
How to call people to Islam?
This is one of the beauties of Islam.
Islam is simple.
I love Islam for its simplicity.
Why did you come to Islam?
He wants to take the shahada.
He brought a present to the imam.
He lived his life according to the teachings of the Quran.
God is merciful.
Muslims need to attract people to Islam.
May God have mercy on you and me.
I seek God's forgiveness.
What is jihad?
Do you have any questions for the imam?
He wrote a book about his conversion to Islam.
Has he changed his mind about Islam?
He still hasn't accepted Islam.
He still hasn't converted to Islam.
He taught her some crazy stuff about Islam.
We converse about Islam now.
He's still reluctant to convert to Islam but we converse about this religion now.
My father is still reluctant to convert to Islam but we converse about this religion now.
God does not sleep.
Islam is universal.
Islam is a universal religion.
He started to speak about Islam.
We need to look back at the history of Islam.
We need to take a look back at the history of Islam.
Religion is, among other things, a line of business.
I think that Islam is the religion of truth.
God made Islam superior to any other religion.
God does exist.
He's trying to call them to Islam.
God will do the rest.
She rejected Islam.
A lot of people are coming to Islam.
He doesn't know Islam yet.
Don't speak too much Berber to your students at the beginning.
She knows how to speak Berber.
If you speak to him in Berber, he won't understand.
He gave dawah classes.
When he converted to Islam, many people gave him gifts.
Muslims should visit each other.
Muslims should give gifts to each other.
Muslims should invite each other to their houses.
Muslims should visit the sick.
Muslims should help each other.
Muslims should support each other.
Muslims should love each other.
Muslims should advise each other.
If I had known that, I wouldn't have come.
If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.
If only I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.
If only I had known that, I wouldn't have come.
May God bless that man.
May God bless that man, whoever he is.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have come.
It took him four years to memorize the Quran.
Take some time and look at your life.
Islam is in the news every day.
Who encouraged you to become a Muslim?
She likes listening to music.
He converted to Islam at a young age.
He became an imam.
His father was a Sunni and his mother was a Shia.
Every Friday morning, he would get up and go to the mosque.
Every Friday, he had to go to the mosque.
They used to go to the mosque together.
Go to the mosque.
He talked about the Quran all the time.
The star and crescent are the symbol of Islam.
He never told me about Islam.
He was asked to give a talk about Islam.
Don't ever mess with an Algerian.
He didn't know anything about Islam.
He never told me to read the Quran.
He never read the Quran.
He passed the test and became an imam.
He went to the mosque the next day.
"What is this language?" "It's Berber."
I bought a book called "The Five Pillars of Islam" and I read it.
A lot of Latinos are converting to Islam.
A lot of African Americans are converting to Islam.
A lot of Hispanics are converting to Islam.
A lot of Latinas are converting to Islam.
A lot of Australians are converting to Islam.
He became a Sunni Muslim.
Come on Friday to our classes.
He bought her a nice Kabyle dress.
He changed his name to a Muslim one.
Read the history of Islam.
He can't read Berber.
He read the Quran from front to cover.
Elijah Muhammad isn't the messenger of God.
He was preaching the message of God.
Is the imam alright?
Muslims face the qibla to pray.
He began to doubt the teachings of the Nation of Islam.
He began to doubt the teachings of Elijah Muhammad.
She knew the Quran.
There were four assistant imams and he was one of them.
He went to hajj.
He went to hajj in 2004.
No one could question Elijah Muhammad.
Islam influenced my life.
Islam changed his life.
How did his family respond to his conversion to Islam?
They believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God.
Since I become a Muslim, two of my nieces have become Muslim, too.
Did he stay a Muslim?
"He became a Muslim." "But did he stay a Muslim?"
He joined the nation of Islam.
We need to take a break for the isha prayer.
Nobody forced me to become a Muslim.
He took his shahada in 2004.
Islam has changed my life.
He stayed in Islam.
All the answers are in the Quran.
He became actively involved with the Nation of Islam.
He joined the Nation of Islam.
He became a member of the Nation of Islam.
What motivated you to convert to Islam?
I don't have enough courage to write sentences in English and I probably shouldn't.
He dedicated himself to dawah.
I've been reading a really interesting book lately.
I really hate it when people stare at me.
Why should I make my bed when at the end of the day I'm gonna ruin it anyway?
She wants me to give her everything that I have.
I don't have pets.
The watch was stolen from Peter.
He wants me to give him everything that I own.
He was here in the mosque.
He has become Muslim.
He went to Algeria for three or four years.
What advice would you give to new Muslims?
He wants to be an imam.
What advice would you give to somebody who wants to convert to Islam?
He talks about his Muslim faith.
Muslims talk to much and do little.
Muslims are talking to much and are doing little.
Tom likes riddles.
What helped you to convert to Islam?
Tom likes brain teasers.
Tom is a climber.
Tom likes climbing.
Tom likes climbing mountains.
He encouraged her to pursue Islamic studies.
This climber has strong fingers.
Tom did an ollie.
He never wanted to be an imam.
Tom did an ollie on his skateboard.
Tom did a kickflip.
He gave a talk about Islam.
He gave a talk at the mosque.
This oak tree is very old.
Islam is the answer.
We can do that here in the mosque.
He teaches Islamic sciences.
We need Islamic teachers.
He still identifies as a Muslim.
He became a Muslim.
Everything is accomplished with the help of God.
He relies totally on God.
He came home from Algeria.
A skinhead snatched her hijab off.
He came to take his shahada.
He came here to take his shahada.
He had a secret life.
He's not qualified to be an imam.
He wrote a book about the fundamentals of Islam.
Tom went bouldering.
Tom tried bouldering.
That's not something that interests me.
It's not something that interests me.
The monkey hung from the tree.
The monkey hung from the branch.
A mural in the tomb depicts monkeys with talismans, to help the soul find its way to eternity.
He's trying to learn Berber.
He had an easier time with Berber grammar.
He had a hard time with Berber conjugation.
He had a hard time with Berber pronunciation.
He had an easy time with Berber vocabulary.
He teachers Berber to foreigners.
He's not really too interested in learning Berber.
He's not really interested in learning Berber.
He's not able to speak Berber.
He couldn't understand Berber.
He's incredibly fluent in Berber.
Don't tell me you don't know how to use the internet.
Mary and Tom look forward to a bright future together.
Honestly, I don't think that's going to come to anything.
Both João and I could have sworn to have seen a strange object dancing in the air.
It was expensive to fix the machine.
Who broke my damn phone?
"When can you come over?" "Sunday."
She hated me a lot.
Where are the athletics championships this year?
He's just had a little nap.
He talks to his dog in Berber.
He wrote a paper on the Berber language.
He spent so many years studying the Berber language.
He learned Berber from books.
They had a fluent conversation in Berber.
He had an easy time learning Berber.
He has devoted most of his life to teaching Berber.
Tom lives in public housing.
Tom lives in social housing.
He took a class in Berber linguistics.
He went to university and he took a class in Berber linguistics.
Tom lives in council housing.
Use your Berber.
Practice your Berber.
Simplicity is not a synonym for stupidity.
Simplicity isn't a synonym for ignorance.
Berber is easier to learn than Hungarian.
Whatever one may say, the jihad against the "disbelievers" is well prescribed by the Qur'an.
There are Koranic verses where Jews are assimilated to pigs and monkeys.
He's bad at Berber.
They're talking to you in Berber.
There isn't any food left.
He does something there.
The tea's too cold.
The tea is too cold.
Someone sang.
Why did you think Tom liked heavy metal?
Why did you think that Tom liked heavy metal?
For Tom, it was a dream come true.
Tom has a grueling schedule.
Tom spends most of his time in his room.
All I need is about three hundred more dollars.
Tom sent Mary threatening text messages.
I want to get rid of all these things.
Tom saw blue lights flashing behind him.
Not very many of us know how to do that.
What made you think Tom liked heavy metal?
What made you think that Tom liked heavy metal?
We've been practicing for the competition for several weeks.
Tom was looking for his pen.
Tom could tell Mary was jealous.
Even Tom could tell Mary was jealous.
Tom thought Mary was just kidding, but she wasn't.
Tom thought that Mary was just kidding, but she wasn't.
Tom lost some school library books.
Tom lost the book that he'd borrowed from the library.
Tom lost the book he'd borrowed from the library.
Tom paid somebody else to do it.
Tom couldn't afford to pay somebody else to do it.
Tom sensed that he'd hit a raw nerve.
Tom sensed he'd hit a raw nerve.
Tom sensed that he'd hit a nerve.
Tom sensed he'd hit a nerve.
I thought that Tom was just kidding.
I must've left my umbrella on the bus.
I'm sorry that you saw that.
Please don't say no.
Do you understand the question?
It's been raining for three days now.
I think that you didn't watch the video to the end.
I think you didn't watch the video to the end.
Could you throw this away for me?
Please tell me why you don't go there anymore.
Can someone explain what this means?
Can someone explain what's going on here?
Is there anyone here who can explain what's going on?
Is there anyone here who can explain what's happening?
Is there anybody here who can explain what's going on?
Is there anybody here who can explain what's happening?
Can anyone here explain what this means?
Can anybody here explain what this means?
Explain to me what this means.
Do you still live in Australia?
Are you still living in Australia?
Do you still live where you used to?
Do you still live where you used to live?
Explain to me why you're still here.
I've explained all this already.
We could pay somebody else to do it.
I've gotten older, haven't I?
I don't know why I'm so tired today.
Tom didn't even do that.
How safe is this bridge?
Tom ran down the street after Mary.
How old is this hatchet?
Tom didn't care anymore.
Tom didn't even read Mary's letter.
How many eggs are there?
Tom did the actual work.
How did this get broken?
May I kiss the bride?
What laws have I broken?
It's been weeks since it's rained.
Nothing remained in the room other than an old table and an old chair.
Nothing remained in the room except an old table and an old chair.
Nobody will interfere.
Tom offered me some tea.
Tom did that just to embarrass Mary.
I bought a new umbrella.
We have English lesson every Sunday.
He seems to neglect his duties.
Am I fluent in Berber?
Is he fluent in Berber?
How do I know I am fluent in Berber?
How can I measure my progress through the Berber language?
How can I measure my level of Berber?
How can I measure my Berber fluency?
They are not fluent in Berber.
They need to do a Berber language exam.
He passed the Berber exam.
He passed his Berber exam.
How do I measure my Berber fluency?
You're fluent in Berber.
You're already fluent in Berber.
Berber is simply a tool for communicating ideas.
Berber is simply a tool for delivering ideas.
He studied Berber.
He spends all of his time and effort trying to learn Berber.
He bought a Berber workbook.
How can I learn Berber without a teacher?
How can I learn Berber without a book?
How can I learn Berber without any teacher?
How can I learn Berber without any book?
How can I learn Berber without a workbook?
This is a Berber language workbook.
You don't need this workbook to learn Berber.
Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
You need a Berber dictionary.
You need to incorporate Berber into your life.
To get fluent in Berber, you need to incorporate it into your life.
Was learning Berber a waste of time?
Is learning Berber a waste of time?
We had a fluent conversation in Berber.
Flirting is a woman's trade, one must keep in practice.
Better to be without logic than without feeling.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
He became less fluent in Berber.
I care for myself. The more solitary, the more friendless, the more unsustained I am, the more I will respect myself.
He wants to practice Berber alone.
"Can you practice Berber alone?" "Absolutely yes."
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
She stopped speaking Berber.
He encouraged her to continue speaking in Berber.
You can always find someone to practice Berber with online.
Count to forty in Berber.
We're going to count to forty in Berber.
Who has words at the right moment?
"We're going to count to forty in Berber." "Why forty?"
But life is a battle: may we all be able to fight it well!
Tom's too young and besides he has no qualifications.
People who can speak more than two languages are called polyglots.
Do you know any bilingual speakers?
Think in Berber.
I am glad that you brought it to my attention.
Think in Berber. Don't translate in your head.
This would not help you to learn English.
This will not help you to learn English.
You need to have sufficient fluency in Berber.
You need patience to become fluent in Berber.
Thinking in Berber is something that comes with time and practice.
I find your Berber classes interesting.
I'll see you in Berber class.
How can I become fluent in Berber?
She stopped learning Berber.
How do I learn Berber?
He is very fluent in Berber.
It's important to study Berber grammar.
He teaches Berber grammar.
His Berber classes are boring.
They're not old.
His head resembles that of an attacking weasel.
His Berber class was boring.
"Tell me about something you're interested in." "The Berber language."
He's learning Berber in a communicative way.
I'm here to teach you Berber.
I want to teach you Berber.
His Berber is a disaster.
Reading will allow you to increase your Berber vocabulary.
He doesn't learn Berber.
Do you want to speak Berber like me?
I was preparing for my Berber class.
What's the best way to learn Berber?
He spent a long time watching Berber videos in Youtube.
Learning Berber is easy.
He learned Berber for his work.
Learning Berber is not easy.
He's learning Berber for fun.
I motivated them to learn Berber.
I encouraged them to learn Berber.
I hope that you find my Berber classes interesting.
He teaches Berber for free.
He wants to see videos about the Berber language.
I will see you in Berber class.
You are going to let the fear of poverty govern your life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live.
I am full up.
I left him unread after he wrote profanities to me.
I blocked him because his behavior was not appropriate.
He's in a very bad position in his life.
How to learn Berber vocabulary?
I looked in the Berber dictionary.
I bought a Berber dictionary.
I have a Berber dictionary.
He has a good Berber dictionary.
This book will help you expand your Berber vocabulary.
He wants to expand his Berber vocabulary.
This is my favorite way to learn Berber vocabulary.
This is a printed dictionary of Berber.
This is the printed version of my Berber dictionary.
You're a native Berber speaker.
He's not qualified to teach Berber.
He is preparing for a Berber exam.
I'm preparing them for a Berber exam.
He's taking a Berber exam.
He gave a presentation of his project in Berber.
He wants to have Berber classes.
He studied Berber for four years.
He still can't speak Berber.
He studied Berber for four years in a public school.
He's a bad Berber teacher.
It is nice to be sitting here with my friends.
He's barely qualified to teach Berber.
He's a fantastic Berber teacher.
Does this language school teach Berber?
He's a student of Berber.
Is he proficient in Berber?
Has he learned Berber?
My girlfriend is Algerian.
He watched the video with Berber subtitles.
This doesn't mean that he can teach Berber.
"He can speak Berber." "Yes, but this doesn't mean that he can teach it."
He's fluent in Berber but he says he doesn't have the patience to teach it.
He's proficient in Berber but he doesn't teach it.
He doesn't teach Berber because he doesn't know how to teach it.
Go and live in Algeria.
Move to Algeria.
Why don't you move to Algeria?
He spent a lot of time in Algeria.
He's very familiar with Berber.
He met tourists from Algeria.
He met many Algerians there.
He has to prove his proficiency level in Berber.
It is important that you free yourself of his influence.
Write the essay in Berber.
His Berber isn't good enough.
We got rid of some old stuff.
He has learned Berber to the highest possible level.
He's struggling with learning Berber.
He has learned Berber himself.
Can't you understand how absurd it is?
He teaches Berber in Algiers.
He has many years of experience teaching Berber.
He is completely very proficient in Berber.
He is a good Berber teacher.
They offered me a job in a crematory, which I refused.
I was offered a job in a crematory, which I refused.
He wants to improve his Berber.
He has to work on his Berber grammar.
Their average proficiency in Berber is very low.
He needs to improve his Berber proficiency.
I dreamed about being sacked.
They're teaching Berber here.
He's highly proficient in Berber.
This is a free demonstration Berber class.
He's having Berber classes in this school.
He learned Berber from an Algerian teacher.
He's worried he would lose his Berber fluency.
He's still proficient in Berber.
They want to have a good Berber teacher.
They want to choose their own Berber teacher.
They want to learn Berber.
They want to learn the Berber language.
He lived in a haunted house.
He wanted to live in a haunted house.
Strange things were happening in that house.
He talked about his ghost experience in that house.
What happened in that house?
She went to the dentist.
He neglected to schedule time to go to the dentist.
The dentist told him that he had gingivitis.
The dentist told him that he should floss his teeth every day.
He rarely went to the doctor.
He rarely went to the dentist.
He decided to go immediately to the doctor.
He was examined by a doctor.
The doctor examined her heart.
The doctor examined her hand.
I'm too exhausted to study.
He has to talk to his doctor.
See your doctor.
He's scared of dentists.
The purpose of this story isn't to scare you away from your dentist.
He has to call his doctor.
He has to call a doctor.
He wants to call his doctor.
The doctor started to get mad at the nurse.
The doctor was mad with the nurse.
The doctor started to get mad.
The doctor got mad.
The doctor came at four o'clock.
The doctor doesn't want to work with this nurse.
Where is the doctor?
"Where is the doctor?" "I'm the doctor."
What did the dentist say?
He was talking to his doctor.
Why isn't the doctor here?
This is the doctor that's training Skura.
This doctor is training that nurse.
The doctor was angry.
The doctor came out.
The doctor got angry.
The dentist got mad.
The doctor wasn't listening to me.
The doctor knows nothing about this patient.
The nurse was assisting the doctor.
The doctor wasn't in there.
The doctor doesn't know anything about this patient.
This doctor knows nothing.
How many patients does this doctor have?
Does the doctor know this patient's medical history?
The doctor is talking to the patient.
The doctor needs this equipment to better perform his job.
The doctor was going to lose his job.
The doctor was pissed.
The doctor doesn't even know that patient's medical history.
The doctor was arguing with the nurse.
The doctor was arguing with his nurse.
The doctor was arguing with his nurses.
The doctor had a fight with one of his nurses.
The doctor had a physical altercation with one of his nurses.
The doctor insulted one of his nurses.
The doctor was talking to the nurse.
The doctor was on the phone.
The doctor answered the phone.
Who is your doctor?
He doesn't even remember his doctor's name.
Is this doctor a specialist?
This doctor doesn't know anything about his patients.
He's an eye doctor.
Even the doctor was crying.
This doctor practices ancient Chinese medicine.
The doctor told her to relax.
The doctor came in.
The doctor finally came in.
The doctor finally came back.
The doctor came back.
I didn't know it; I just guessed.
He can come today.
You don't need to be polite to him.
You don't need to be courteous to him.
If this story doesn't interest you, go on to Chapter 2.
I wanted to go to the U.S. some day.
On the night of the Seder we drink four glasses of wine.
I don't want to change anything.
I hope the light at the end of the tunnel isn't coming from a train racing towards us.
Six plus four equals ten.
She can come today.
Be careful crossing the square.
I don't know how to deal with you.
Bernardo de Vasconcelos carried out outstanding parliamentary activity and participated in the press.
Does anyone here have an interest in learning Norwegian?
Soon you'll be a doctor.
Read the signs.
I am never going to mention my parents to them again.
I'm Nigerian.
I have a convertible car.
The students listened patiently.
The students listened patiently to the teacher.
The police expects people to follow the law.
Everyone is fighting for a place in the sun.
Strange events occurred that night.
Sorry, but this is not what we ordered.
One plus one equals two.
I can vouch for that.
Mary thinks Tom is a country bumpkin.
From body surfing to hip-hop music, a rally for Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang can feel more like a rock concert than a political event.
Yang is one of more than a dozen people running as a Democrat for a chance at the White House in the election.
Though not one of the top contenders, Yang is the first Asian American to run for president and is a standout within that community.
He has made far more headway in the polls and campaign fundraising than most observers initially assumed he would.
In other cases, one needs to cover one's eyes.
Only poetry lasts forever.
Tom is such a one-upper.
Tom has a one-to-one teaching assistant at school.
Tom's been granted an EHCP.
John thought Mary knew Tom was a fragrance chemist.
This rule in Russian requires following another five rules.
An atlas is a set of maps.
Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognise as food.
Tom asked Mary an open-ended question.
The teacher asked the students an open-ended question.
The horse reared up.
Tom's horse reared up.
They stood in silence for a moment.
Tom and Mary stood in silence for a moment.
Tom listened to a vinyl record.
Tom listened to a vinyl record on his turntable.
Tom listened to an old vinyl record on his turntable.
Tom plays the lute.
Tom is a lutenist.
Mary is a lutenist.
Tom is a lute player.
Tom plays the sitar.
Tom is a fiddler.
The lute is a string instrument.
Tom plays the zither.
Tom plays the harp.
Mary plays the zither.
Mary is a harpist.
Mary is a harpy.
Tom is a zitherist.
Tom plays the hurdy-gurdy.
Mary plays the hurdy-gurdy.
Tom plays the theremin.
The theremin was invented by Léon Theremin in 1920.
Tom plays the clavichord.
Tom plays the harpsichord.
Tom plays the steel guitar.
Tom plays the theorbo.
Defend yourselves!
There are some who like to eat the hardened crust of rice.
Sabah was once ruled by the Japanese.
The baby staggers because he is just learning to walk.
Many ferns are known for their large green leaves.
He visited her while she was living in London.
He went to see her while she was living in London.
Where should we go? What do you suggest?
I wish that I'd helped Tom at the time.
I wish I'd helped Tom at the time.
If Tom finds out that I told you this, he'll be very angry.
China TPE Yoga Mats Manufacturers and PVC Anti-Fatigue Mats Suppliers,,focus on R&D and Production of PVC Yoga Mats and PU Anti-Fatigue Mats Foam products
After shooting Tom, Mary shot herself.
I don't read nonfiction.
I know where you met Tom.
I don't like this beach.
Tom deleted all Mary's text messages.
I didn't even want this.
Tom was first last time.
I definitely need this.
Tom didn't even know Mary back then.
I couldn't hear a thing.
I didn't hear a thing.
I wanted to speak to Tom.
I tried to keep smiling.
Tom didn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
I tried not to look sad.
I wanted to help Tom out.
I need to buy some eggs.
I heard you were crying.
I wanted to confront Tom.
I heard you tap dancing.
I'd like some white bread.
I hope that I dream about you tonight.
I feel I should help you.
I spent thirty dollars on a book.
Our family doctor is a Canadian.
Tom knows you're a Canadian.
Tom knows that you're a Canadian.
Tom wants to marry a Canadian woman.
Can he teach me Berber?
This is not an easy job.
How did Tom become a Canadian?
How did you become a Canadian?
I've never met a Canadian.
They all know I'm a Canadian.
They all know that I'm a Canadian.
He missed that opportunity to learn Berber.
Learning Berber takes a really long time.
Mastering Berber takes a really long time.
He has motivation to learn Berber.
He has a lot of motivation to learn Berber.
The questions were in Berber.
If the questions are in Berber, answer in Berber.
A fight broke out in our neighborhood.
Are you ready to go to the mall?
Can I go to the mall with you?
Did you go to the post office?
He's afraid of losing his Berber.
He doesn't want to lose his Berber.
Tom didn't go inside the building.
Tom didn't go to school last Monday.
Tom didn't go to the mall with Mary.
They had a conversation in Berber.
Tom doesn't want to go to the lake with us.
He motivated me a lot to learn Berber.
He really motivated me a lot to study Berber.
Tom drove back to his office.
He speaks Berber fast.
He speaks Berber too fast.
Thank you for all your efforts in teaching Berber.
Tom works as a barber.
He learned Berber when he was young.
Tom told everybody that he wanted to become a barber.
Tom told everybody he wanted to become a barber.
Tom told everyone that he wanted to become a barber.
Tom told everyone he wanted to become a barber.
I hear that barbers make a lot of money.
When was the last time you went to a barber.
This document contains the most frequently used words in Berber.
Tom drove to the supermarket to buy some milk and eggs.
He learned Berber when he was a child.
He learned Berber later in life.
He learnt Berber when he was a kid.
They came to visit me here in Algeria.
They speak Berber so quickly.
I translated it into Berber.
Berber is such a wonderful language.
Did they translate it into Berber?
He took a Berber grammar test.
He took a Berber vocabulary test.
He scored points on the Berber test.
They are both learning Berber.
This word comes from Berber.
What's the word for "computer" in Berber?
What's the word for a computer in Berber?
Berber is our second language.
He achieved fluency in Berber.
The earlier you learn Berber, the more likely you will be fluent in it.
He's trying to learn Berber as an adult.
I hope you found today's Berber class interesting.
These two Berber words come from exactly the same root.
These two Berber words come from exactly the same lexical root.
It took me forty years to reach fluency in Berber.
I need to learn Berber now.
I need to know Berber now.
They are still learning Berber.
It will take you thirty years to be fluent in Berber.
He has been studying Berber with me for four years.
He gave up learning Berber.
He gave up studying Berber.
She studied Berber for four years.
This is an easy way to study Berber.
We traveled to Algeria.
Learning Berber is really hard.
It takes a really long time to learn Berber.
Why should we continue to learn Berber?
What are the practical benefits of learning Berber?
Learning Berber can change your life in a practical way and very quickly.
He's not interested in Berber.
He's not interested in learning Berber.
He's interested in learning Berber.
He is recalcitrant.
You can read it in Berber.
How do I increase my listening ability in Berber?
How do I increase my Berber vocabulary?
He's learning Berber vocabulary.
How does he learn Berber?
How do I study Berber?
How does he study Berber?
How should I be studying Berber?
If you do this, you'll go to paradise.
If you do this, God will forgive you.
We Muslims are constantly looking for salvation.
This is a sad story.
She was on her way to Europe.
She loves Air Algerie.
I went blind.
I went blind at age 14.
She doesn't talk to strangers.
She has a guide dog.
This is her life.
This is her private life.
She has a new guide dog.
Her guide dog died.
She watched that documentary.
She talked about the importance of a guide dog.
A guide dog really makes a difference in your life.
I have my Berber dictionary.
I have my Berber workbook.
I know myself not to know.
He explained the literal interpretation of the sentence.
Berber is a natural language.
He has been learning Berber since he was a baby.
"How should I learn Berber?" "Have conversations."
Berber is a spoken language.
He had to learn Berber.
How can I learn Berber better?
We have this expression in Berber.
We have a word for it in Berber.
We have a word for that in Berber.
He's learning Berber in a passive way.
They're speaking Berber.
He's still learning Berber.
Can passive exposure to Berber help me learn this language?
This has nothing to do with the Berber language.
I can understand the Kabyle accent.
Use Berber.
Use the Berber language.
He's better at Berber.
He's learning Berber passively.
He went there to learn Berber.
He went there to learn the Berber language.
He spent fourteen years of his life trying to learn Berber.
How did he learn Berber grammar?
I want to know how I can learn Berber better.
He speaks the Berber language.
Who wants to learn Berber with me?
He looks Algerian.
He's a non-native Berber speaker.
He comes from Algeria like me.
His Kabyle accent is stronger than mine.
He started learning Berber when he was a tiny little baby.
He has been learning Berber since he was a tiny little baby.
I need to learn Berber before I go to Algeria.
You probably know this Berber word.
Let's learn some Berber words today.
Berber names are so beautiful.
We deserve to have a say on that.
Is Berber pronunciation difficult?
Let's learn Berber.
Let's study Berber this year.
This is the Berber word for water.
Don't eat this couscous.
Don't eat that couscous.
Mary thinks Tom is an utter wankstain.
What is important is seldom urgent and what is urgent is seldom important.
Every month when I receive my salary, I give Japanese Yen to my mother.
When my parents get old, I will support them.
The cerebellum requires continuous blood supply.
Russia borders China.
She's mad at herself.
You are loved.
They have three children now.
He currently works in the UK.
There used to live a scary monster.
Publicly express your love for someone.
Why hasn't the landlord come to collect rent this month?
He took US$million retirement funds.
She loves her son deeply.
He is really looking forward to it.
He could only watch.
Kurt didn't wake up yesterday because the alarm didn't ring
I've found a place to buy cheaper fruits.
No one has forgotten to do the homework, right?
He will be busy next month.
The bird vanished from view.
"Does he like music?" "Yes."
He might have returned home from another route.
In the living room.
He won't be coming here again.
He won't come here again.
I don't want to know what I'll be like in years.
Loved her to death.
The old man sits on the bench.
Sato is the new secretary of the company president.
Escape from reality.
I love you, Laurie!
And who are you?
My Government’s priority has always been to secure the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union on October. My Government intends to work towards a new partnership with the European Union, based on free trade and friendly cooperation.
He became Muslim fourteen years ago.
We all embraced Islam in 2004.
He loves Islam.
Because he is Muslim, he is treated differently.
We are easily distracted.
Tom and Mary make an odd couple.
They make an odd couple.
They made an odd couple.
Tom filled the kettle with water.
The kettle is full.
Tom put the kettle to boil.
Tom waited for the kettle to boil.
Tom poured the boiling water into the teapot.
Since I became Muslim, I have learned a lot about life.
I have been in Algeria since then.
He drove to the mosque on his own.
He went to the mosque willingly.
He was introduced to Islam.
When he went to an Algerian school, he was introduced to Islam.
When he visited the Islamic center, he was introduced to Islam.
Eating too much black licorice can be bad for you.
They had a Berber class together.
It was the month of Ramadan.
He was fasting.
It was the month of Ramadan and he was fasting.
He didn't want to be Muslim.
Tom was easily distracted.
Her first husband was Muslim.
Those students were Muslim.
Those students were Muslim and they were always friendly.
My Government will bring forward proposals to reform adult social care in England to ensure dignity in old age.
Those Muslim students were always friendly.
You're not Muslim, so you cannot go to us.
Measures will be brought forward to support and strengthen the National Health Service, its workforce and resources, enabling it to deliver the highest quality care.
He wanted to know everything about Islam before he decided to convert.
He wanted to know everything about Islam.
He read about Islam on his own.
Islam is a very logical solution.
To me, the religion of Islam makes sense.
There is no confusion in Islam.
Islamic teachings are so clear and simple.
New sentencing laws will see that the most serious offenders spend longer in custody to reflect better the severity of their crimes.
Islamic teachings are so clear and simple. There is no confusion in this religion.
You should read about Islam.
You should study Islam.
Study Islam.
The Bible has so many different versions.
Proposals will be brought forward to ensure that victims receive the support they need and the justice they deserve.
The Quran is written in Arabic.
There is only one version of the Quran and it's the original one.
They both wanted to become Muslim.
Maybe tomorrow I'll take my shahada.
Legislation will transform the approach of the justice system and other agencies to victims of domestic abuse, and minimise the impact of divorce, particularly on children.
He was thinking about becoming Muslim.
I will not be Muslim.
I will not become Muslim.
He wasn't present when I took my shahada.
My Ministers will ensure that all young people have access to an excellent education, unlocking their full potential and preparing them for the world of work.
I went to the mosque.
After I converted to Islam, my life has definitely changed.
When I took my shahada, I felt like there was a burden that was lifted off of me.
My Government will take steps to make work fairer, introducing measures that will support those working hard.
After I took my shahada, I had to break the news to my family.
I'm now a Muslim.
I'm a Muslim now.
To protect people’s savings for later life, new laws will provide greater powers to tackle irresponsible management of private pension schemes.
I know they know I'm Muslim.
I know they know I've converted to Islam.
I called my parents to tell them that I converted to Islam.
I just wanted to let you know that I am now Muslim.
Proposals on railway reform will be brought forward.
My dad is not OK with my conversion to Islam.
I go to the mosque every week.
Proposals will also be brought forward to promote and protect the welfare of animals.
My Government will prioritise tackling climate change and ensuring that all girls have access to twelve years of quality education.
His parents think that Salas brainwashed him into accepting Islam.
I continue to follow the religion of Islam.
He continues to follow the religion of Islam.
He raised his children to be Muslim.
His parents are from Algeria.
What made you convert to Islam?
Have you always been Muslim?
He is Muslim.
She is a Muslim woman.
They asked questions about Islam and I answered them to the best of my ability.
They asked questions about Islam.
He makes very hurtful comments about Islam.
He said very mean things about Islam.
He said very hurtful things about Muslims.
He stopped coming to the mosque as regularly as he used to.
We came to the mosque.
We're not perfect as Muslims. We're just people.
If you want to convert to Islam, just do it. Life is short, you know.
If you want to convert to Islam, don't hesitate. Life is short, you know.
I would not trade my conversion to Islam for anything.
This works both ways.
He was in a mosque.
Islam is not a cult.
He sent her a copy of the Quran.
He asked her to send him a copy of the Quran.
His father is not Muslim.
He really wants to be Muslim.
He's thinking about converting to Islam.
He really wants to convert to Islam.
Tom was direct and to the point.
He was drawn to her.
She was drawn to him.
Tom was drawn to her.
Tom was drawn to Mary.
What kind of advice would you give a new Muslim?
He gave classes to new Muslims.
Surround yourself with Muslims.
Surround yourself with positive Muslims.
He worships God.
What brought you to Islam?
Now she's married to a wonderful Muslim husband.
He can't do this because he's Muslim.
He was born to Muslim parents.
Tom made a boneheaded move.
Tom made a bone headed move.
Tom made a bone-headed move.
Her husband was born and raised Muslim.
We need to show people the good side of Islam.
He wrote a book about the propagation of Islam in Africa.
Tom was drawn to Mary's personality.
Tom was drawn to Mary's outgoing personality.
Mary was drawn to Tom's personality.
Tom and Mary were drawn to each other.
My Ministers will work to implement new regimes for fisheries, agriculture and trade, seizing the opportunities that arise from leaving the European Union.
He had some Muslim friends in the neighborhood.
Tom used a slide rule to perform the calculation.
He converted to Islam when he was about 24.
May God guide us.
May God guide us and guide him.
He went to the mosque almost every day.
He was exploring the Quran.
I think that Islam is the truth.
He has been practicing Islam for so long.
He invited us to the mosque library.
He invited us to the mosque.
God is the creator.
God is the creator that created us.
God is the creator that controls everything.
God is the creator that controls life.
God has created everything that exists.
God is just.
God is all-knowledgeable.
God is our lord.
Glory be to God.
Glory be to the Lord.
I advised her to eat more healthily.
The shahada is the testimony of faith.
In Islam, the shahada is the testimony of faith.
When I told my father about Islam, he thought I was being brainwashed.
When I told my father about Islam, he thought that I was being brainwashed by my Muslim girlfriend.
When I told my parents about Islam, they thought that I was being brainwashed by my Muslim friends.
When I converted to Islam, my parents almost kicked me out of the house.
When I converted to Islam, my parents forbade me to talk to my little brothers.
I have never been to a mosque before.
I worship God, the creator of everything.
God is the creator of everything.
God is the creator of the universe.
They both wanted to be Muslim.
He knows Islam is the truth.
He went to an Islamic bookstore.
He went to an Islamic center.
He went to an Islamic library.
He bought some Islamic books.
He invited me to Islam.
He's a Muslim, too.
He never had the opportunity to visit that mosque.
He never had the opportunity to go to that mosque.
He walked into the mosque.
He walked out of the mosque.
He was speaking about Islam.
His stepfather is Muslim.
He converted to Islam in his forties.
He took me to the mosque.
He met some individuals in the mosque.
He was the imam of the mosque at that time.
He taught me more about Islam.
He had a close relationship with the imam of that mosque.
He knew the imam.
People came from everywhere to the Islamic center.
Why do you want to embrace Islam?
He can be an imam.
Let's get going! We have no time to dilly-dally.
There is no need to panic.
Did he say something rude to you?
Did she say something rude to you?
Did Tom say something rude to you?
Tom didn't live up to his side of the bargain.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but didn't want to seem stupid.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but didn't want to seem dumb.
Don't be afraid to raise your hand.
Don't be afraid to raise your hand and ask a question.
It's okay to raise your hand.
It's okay to raise your hand and ask a question.
Tom put Mary on the spot.
The teacher put Tom on the spot.
The teacher put a student on the spot.
Tom's boss put him on the spot.
Tom and Mary sit next to each other in class.
Tom was fighting back tears.
Mary was fighting back tears.
They are Muslim now.
They were raised as Muslim.
He's an indigenous Muslim.
He has been practicing Islam for some years.
They didn't know he was Muslim.
He wanted to study Berber in Algeria.
He wanted to study Islam in Algeria.
He went to go study Islam in Bejaia, Algeria.
He was trying so hard to go to Algeria.
He has enough language in the Berber language to teach it.
She stopped going to the mosque.
They're both new Muslims.
They prayed together.
It's not easy to convert to Islam.
It's not easy to leave all your previous life behind and convert to Islam.
It's our duty to take care of new Muslims.
Look at the beauty of the Berber language.
We can't force them to become Muslims.
He wasn't able to convert his uncle to Islam.
When he accepted Islam, he changed his name.
He was born to parents who were Algerian immigrants.
His parents sent him to live with some relatives in Algeria.
He went back to Algiers with his mother.
He has family in Algiers.
He went to school in Algiers.
He can name every street in Algiers.
She grew up in Algiers.
She didn't know anything about Islam.
She went to school in Algiers.
His parents sent him to a Quranic school.
She went to an Islamic high school.
His teacher is Muslim.
She was talking about Islam.
Many Christians think that Muslims don't believe in Jesus.
Her parents are from Algeria.
He started hanging out with some Muslim students.
When he converted to Islam, he felt a sense of relief.
There were some Muslims there.
He was telling her about Islam.
Jesus is a messenger of God.
Jesus is a messenger of Allah.
You should listen to the imam.
You should listen to your imam.
He thinks that Muslims are good people.
These Muslims are good people.
Islam is a really wonderful religion.
He started to ask questions about Islam.
He asked her so many questions about Islam.
We don't have a Quran here.
He has never read the Quran.
She read a translation of the Quran.
I want to take my shahada.
"It's difficult for me to say the shahada in Arabic." "Say it in English."
There were a lot of people in the mosque.
He was invited to another mosque.
He was teaching people the Quran.
He was teaching people how to recite the Quran.
He started teaching the Quran.
He took up residence in Algiers.
He spent a lot of time around Muslims.
If we gave priority to the veal and take very little colostrum, it passes. The man forgets himself, alas!
They told him to leave the mosque.
He wanted to memorize the Quran.
He started to memorize the Quran.
He can teach the Quran.
The imam left.
The imam leaves at four.
He put his trust in God.
God will make a way out.
He didn't have a purpose in life.
God had a plan for him.
They were reciting the Quran.
He's the Muslim.
He encourages people to memorize the Quran.
He encouraged his children to memorize the Quran.
He's searching for the truth.
Ask God to guide you.
God will guide you.
Ask God to guide you and He will guide you.
He's teaching the Quran to his children.
I feel privileged to be a Muslim.
I feel blessed to be a Muslim.
Thank God it happened.
"Thank God it happened." "What happened?" "My conversion to Islam."
We have to educate new Muslims.
How long did it take you to memorize the Quran?
He's still memorizing the Quran.
It took him four months to memorize the Quran.
He finished memorizing the Quran.
He has finished memorizing the Quran.
She finished reading the Quran.
He studied the Quran.
He's a very devout Muslim.
She wants to learn more about Islam.
He wants to give dawah to Christians.
He just prayed.
You just answered your own question.
I think you just answered your own question.
I don't see that happening anytime soon.
I don't see it happening anytime soon.
She looked at me and I looked at her.
Tom looked at Mary and she looked at him.
Tom looked at Mary and Mary looked at Tom.
Tom stopped talking and stared at me.
Everyone stopped talking and stared at me.
Do you have a few minutes to talk?
I wanted to prove to myself that I could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to himself that he could do it.
Perfection is inside, they say.
The best is inside, they say.
I wanted to work for Tom.
I wanted some fresh air.
I wanted to see everybody.
I wanted to see everyone.
"If money does not bring peace, give it back," said Jules Renard.
Too much information!
Where did you buy this horrible swill?
Nothing is more important than compassion.
I'm going to take a day off.
Tom couldn't handle that.
I wanted something else.
I want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
I wanted some more time.
Tom decided not to do it.
I wanted to be prepared.
I wonder where Tom and Mary got married.
I wanted to be a writer.
Tom sat on the steps, eating corn chips.
I want to finish doing what I'm doing.
Tom refused to tell Mary how to do that.
We've already spent too much time doing this.
Tom recognized Mary's voice immediately.
I want to become a physical therapist.
We've already spent way too much time doing this.
He speaks Berber confidently.
Algiers is the capital of our country.
They both speak Berber fluently.
Anything you can do in life can be dangerous.
The Berber language has always been a subject of academic interest.
Do something with your Berber.
Berber is changing.
Berber is developing.
Berber is evolving.
You can find exactly the same thing in Berber.
I don't think that I'm a good athlete.
They wrote sentences in Berber.
They're Berber-Arabic bilingual.
I don't think I'm a good athlete.
His dad speaks Arabic and his mom speaks Berber.
They both grew up in Algiers.
Berber is his dominant language.
Berber is his strongest language.
Today is a hot day
He was successful at learning Berber in just four months.
Wish me a good luck
He speaks Berber like a native.
It's really hard to learn Berber.
You have to work really hard to learn Berber.
You have to work super hard to learn Berber.
He's an excellent speaker of Berber.
He's an excellent user of Berber.
I bought a red T-shirt yesterday.
He talked a lot about Berber.
Yesterday, I bought a red T-shirt.
They communicated in Berber.
We communicated in Berber.
Berber is spoken by millions of people in North Africa.
They use Berber.
There's a fountain in the center of the park.
"What's this language?" "It's Berber."
This will really help to you learn Berber.
They are Berber speakers.
They created a list of words in Berber.
Berber has genders.
Berber is a gendered language.
I'm an Algerian person.
Truth is feminine in Berber.
Cat is masculine in Berber and feminine in German.
Truth is grammatically feminine in Berber.
That makes me feel very humble.
He never traveled to Algeria.
He never read a Berber book.
Why should they learn Berber?
Berber is an extremely interesting language.
Berber is a really interesting language.
I find Berber really interesting.
This word should be eliminated from Berber.
You'll never be fluent in Berber without practicing it.
You'll never be fluent in Berber if you don't practice it.
He wants to communicate in Berber.
He wants to speak Berber like a native speaker.
They're both learning Berber.
He speaks Berber with a beautiful Kabyle accent.
He wants to express himself in Berber about any subject he wants.
"Where do you live?" "In Algeria." "Are you a native speaker of Berber." "Yes."
I'm a native speaker of Berber.
They want to speak Berber like you.
He doesn't speak good Berber.
He wants to speak Berber properly.
He speaks Berber properly.
She speaks proper Berber.
When he speaks Berber, he makes mistakes.
He makes mistakes when he speaks Berber.
Is his Berber good or not?
They gave him a Berber exam.
He finished doing the Berber exam.
He speaks bad Berber.
He wants to be a good speaker of Berber.
He wants to write Berber properly.
He can speak Berber continuously and without effort.
He listens and speaks Berber every day.
He wants to be a good Berber speaker.
He has to incorporate Berber in his everyday life.
This is the key to fluency in Berber.
He enjoys learning Berber.
He enjoys speaking Berber.
He enjoys writing Berber.
He enjoys teaching Berber.
You have to enjoy learning Berber to be able to master it.
Why did she fail to learn Berber?
Why do you teach Berber on the Internet?
Why did you start a Youtube channel to teach Berber?
He has a quite high level in Berber.
He's got a good lever in Berber.
He has been studying Berber on his own.
He barely writes or talks in Berber.
He barely writes or reads in Berber.
He barely writes or speaks in Berber.
He barely uses Berber.
He destroyed all of my enthusiasm to learn Berber.
That teacher destroyed all of my enthusiasm to learn Berber.
That teacher destroyed all of my motivation to learn Berber.
That teacher destroyed my self-confidence to learn Berber.
They spend all their time communicating in Berber.
If you learn Berber, you can meet interesting people.
They told jokes in Berber.
Even the teacher doesn't understand her Berber.
He threw the Berber book in the bin.
He has been learning Berber for four and a half years on his own.
He has a great level in Berber.
He found the motivation to learn Berber on his own.
He can write long paragraph in Berber without any grammatical mistakes.
He talked to her to show off his Berber skills.
"Are you Algerian?" "Yes."
Your Berber is very good.
He lost all motivation to learn Berber.
What can I do to regain my motivation to learn Berber?
That teacher squashed my hopes and dreams about mastering Berber.
That teacher squashed my motivation to learn Berber.
He studied Berber for a long time.
He has no experience in Berber conversation.
He writes good Berber.
He can write Berber.
That teacher destroyed her enthusiasm to learn Berber.
Those racists destroyed her enthusiasm to learn Berber.
The role of the Berber teacher is to help the student to learn.
He was completely obsessed with Berber.
He was completely obsessed with the Berber language.
He can speak Berber at fast natural speed.
Muslims are humans just like all of us.
The Algerian ministry of education is sending teachers all over Algeria in order to teach Berber in public schools.
He's an excellent Berber teacher.
He's a shit Berber teacher.
Is he learning Berber?
He's the best Berber teacher in town.
She's a good Berber teacher.
They're not native speakers of Berber.
Our Berber teacher isn't a native speaker of the language.
Don't give up learning Berber.
Learning Berber can change your life.
He did live Berber classes on Youtube.
He did live Berber classes on Facebook.
Are you progressing in Berber?
He lost completely his motivation to keep learning Berber.
He lost completely his motivation to learn Berber.
That teacher almost made me lose my motivation to learn Berber.
He doesn't have a problem in Berber.
He doesn't have problems in Berber.
He makes daily Berber classes.
He really wants to learn Berber and he's working hard for that.
Both of them are Berber teachers.
I find this Berber class interesting.
He sponsored free Berber education.
He sponsors free Berber language education.
Berber class is my favorite time of the day.
How do we make negatives in Berber?
He started his class with a little Berber joke.
Are there verbal tenses in Berber?
I looked in my bag and I realized I forgot my Berber dictionary.
He wrote a really fantastic story in Berber.
He wrote a really great story in Berber.
He published his first Berber novel last year.
He has just finished his Berber class.
He never lost his Kabyle accent.
You shouldn't try to lose your Kabyle accent.
Your Kabyle accent is part of your identity.
You should be proud of your Kabyle accent.
He did a Kabyle accent.
He's a special accent coach who helps actors do foreign accents.
He had a terrible Kabyle accent.
He wants to practice his Berber pronunciation.
This Berber tongue twister is very difficult to say.
This is a difficult Berber tongue twister.
Do you know any Berber tongue twisters?
You need to practice this Berber tongue twister.
Berber tongue twisters are a great way to practice this language.
Practice your Berber pronunciation at home.
He wants to see more videos about the Berber language.
Five plus three equals eight.
Three plus five equals eight.
Tom will deny any wrongdoing.
Everything is about to change.
It's Ṛabaḥ he's back.
It didn't escape Mary's notice, that Tom hadn't denied any wrongdoing.
Has he eaten yet?
Did he already eat?
Did he eat?
I would like to earn more money.
Did he eat already?
Mentally handicapped people shouldn't keep animals.
I met a nice Hungarian girl.
She had no idea that she was being followed.
We have a dawah program.
I see him in the mosque.
We both went to the mosque.
Is there any chance of being promoted?
She began to pray.
Could you tell us more about your journey to Islam?
He was teaching Berber as a second language.
He was teaching English as a foreign language.
She was teaching Berber in Algeria.
He translated the Quran from Arabic into Berber.
He embraced Islam in Algeria in 2004.
For four years, he taught Berber as a second language in Algeria.
He also spent four years in Algeria.
He also spent four years in Algeria, earning a Bachelor's degree in Berber.
He and his growing family moved to Algeria.
He taught Berber linguistics in Algeria.
He wrote a book about hajj.
My mother's family is from Algeria.
They met in Algeria.
He was a gifted Berber teacher.
He was a gifted Berber writer.
Berber wasn't his native language. He's Egyptian.
He wrote more than forty articles in Berber.
He proofread more than books in Berber.
He did a PhD in Berber.
He's a struggling Berber teacher.
The word Islam wasn't ever mentioned in that school.
They don't teach you about Islamic history there.
We don't know anything about Islam.
They couldn't teach me the Quran.
When he converted to Islam, he became quite religious.
They both traveled to Algeria.
He traveled to Algeria as a very young man.
He was dissatisfied with Islam.
He didn't agree with the trinity.
He got fed up with the Berber language.
He studied Berber and history.
He worked as a Berber teacher in Algeria.
My co-workers were all from Algeria.
Almost all of them were Muslim.
The hospitality of Algerians is quite amazing.
This is an Islamic graveyard.
There was a little mosque in the graveyard.
Algeria used to be a French colony.
Are there Muslims in Malta?
He decided to go to Algeria.
He decided to move to Algeria.
He ended up in Algeria instead of Turkey.
You can see the mosque in the background.
He was more or less a Muslim.
He recited the adhan.
He didn't pray.
He didn't know any Berber.
He lives somewhere in Algeria.
Finally I decided I'm going to go to Algeria.
Finally he decided he was going to move to Algeria.
He did this before he went to Algeria and became a Muslim.
Why was he motivated to go to Algeria?
He said he was Muslim culturally but not religiously.
They sent him to Algeria.
Algeria was not just a French colony. It was a province of France, part of France where the French were citizens and the indigenous people were slaves and servants.
He was really scared of the Arabs.
He was terrified of Muslims.
He was scared of Muslims.
He ended up in Algiers.
He didn't know a word of Berber.
In Bejaia, he began to read the Quran translated into Berber.
He didn't know anything about the Quran.
He began reading the Quran.
In many places in Algeria, people still wear traditional clothes.
He studied Islam in Bejaia.
He studied Islam in Bejaia, Algeria.
Tuaregs love their own handicraft.
He wanted to hike in the Djurdjura mountains.
He's an Algerian Muslim.
They began to talk in Berber.
They could speak Berber.
At that time, he was living in Algiers.
Muslims believe in a God who is just.
Muslims believe in a God who is merciful.
Muslims believe in a God who is all-powerful.
Muslims believe in a God who is all-knowledgeable.
How many of you are interested in Berber?
How many of you are interested in the Berber language?
They were reading the Quran.
We were reciting the Quran.
He hardly spoke any Berber or Arabic.
She hardly spoke any Berber.
When I invited her to Islam, she flatly rejected it.
This is the oldest mosque in Algiers.
This is the oldest minaret in Algiers.
At that time, he was quite far from becoming a Muslim.
This is one of the most beautiful places to walk in Algiers.
He was reading books about Islam.
He visited an Islamic cemetery.
He visited an Islamic graveyard.
He didn't know where the mosque was.
She listened to the Quran.
He converted to Islam about a year later.
They were married in Algiers.
He did a degree in the Berber language.
She became a Berber language teacher.
He became a Berber language teacher.
He was reading a book about Islam.
He lived in Algiers.
They both left Algeria.
Say the shahada.
He never became Muslim.
He earned a master's degree in Berber linguistics.
He thought she was Algerian.
The imam was very sweet.
The imam was reciting the Quran.
The imam taught the Quran for free.
Why are we in Algeria?
Why did we come to Algeria?
He went to Jerusalem and visited the al-Aqsa Mosque.
He went to Jerusalem to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque.
They trained Berber teachers.
He spent four years in Algiers.
There are many historical sites in Algiers.
He knows more about Algiers than his native Istanbul.
He was from Algeria.
He made hajj in 2004.
We made hajj together.
His mother didn't make hajj.
We know him by his Muslim name.
He wrote a book about the life of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
His youngest son was born in Algiers.
He teaches Berber linguistics.
Algeria borders the Mediterranean.
He chose Muslim names for his children.
He chose Berber names for his children.
He has a rare Muslim name.
He married into a Canadian-Algerian family.
His parents are Muslim.
His parents embraced Islam.
His parents embraced Islam, too.
This is his Algerian daughter-in-law.
He doesn't want to lose his Islamic identity.
He never lost his Islamic identity.
He didn't want his children to lose their Islamic identity.
His son was born in Bejaia, Algeria.
Study the Quran.
He published many articles about Islam.
He wrote many articles about Algeria.
I really enjoyed your talk about Islam.
When did you take the shahada?
He began fasting and praying.
I think that the best dawah is giving an example.
I'll need your prayers when I'm there.
How do you see the future of Islam in Europe?
"Where do you live now?" "I live in Algeria."
In Algiers, I pay half the rent and I have twice the space.
His wife loves Algeria.
His wife loves Algiers.
Algiers can be a very difficult place.
Islam embraces all aspects of life.
Islam basically embraces all aspects of life.
He is a happy Muslim.
You could describe him as a happy Muslim.
His journey to Islam was a journey from darkness to the light.
He taught the Quran to the blind.
He never received dawah from anybody.
She read about Islam.
He had to study Islam.
He chose to study Islam.
He chose to convert to Islam.
They're not educated about Islam.
He sees Islam as backward.
He sees Islam as a backward religion.
He was reading about Islam.
There is a difference in tone between the Quran and the Bible.
I have the Quran in front of me.
The Apocalypse is described in the Quran.
The Quran gives vivid descriptions of the Apocalypse.
When you take the shahada, you need to have two Muslim witnesses.
He said his shahada in front of two Muslim witnesses.
When he took his shahada, he didn't even know the Arabic language.
When he converted to Islam, his parents were shocked.
He never felt sorry for converting to Islam.
He never went to Algeria.
He never came to Algeria.
The course is in Berber.
He made great contributions to Berber linguistics.
There is a Berber translation of the Quran.
They started a Berber language school.
His dad is from Algeria.
His mom is Algerian and his dad is from Morocco.
Does anyone of you know where Algeria is?
He never spoke about God.
He asked God to forgive him.
He asked God to forgive him for what he did.
He was seeing a girl whose father was a Muslim.
He spoke to me about Islam.
Jesus is a prophet. He's not the son of God.
Jesus is not the son of God. He's a prophet.
He's a non-practicing Muslim.
Islam began entering my heart.
He wanted to read the Quran.
He has a Quran.
He has a Quran in his library.
One of his ex-girlfriends was Muslim.
He read a few pages of the Quran.
I think of God.
God is the almighty.
God is the all-knowing.
What the imam told me really touched me.
He never believed in Islam.
Do you believe in Islam?
Read the Quran in a language you understand.
I advise each and everyone of you to read the Quran.
Reading the Quran led me to take the shahada.
He accepted Islam.
They rejected Islam.
"What are you here for?" "I have come to take my shahada."
He wants to speak to the imam.
He knows that Islam is the true religion.
I believe that God is one.
He went to Algeria for a year and a half.
He studied Berber for four years and a half.
You need to fear God.
They didn't talk much about God.
They didn't talk much about Islam.
You can speak to God directly.
Islam is part of my life.
He loves this mosque.
This is a very interesting verse of the Quran.
Muslims love Jesus.
He came across a very interesting verse in the Quran.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, couldn't read or write.
He was in the mosque with a few friends.
He's very close to his Muslim friends.
Islam makes sense.
Islam is very logical.
Islam will give you a happy life.
Islam will give you a life of contentment.
He was watching a documentary about Islam.
I have certainty that Islam is true.
He's coming to the mosque to take his shahada.
I feel I'm ready to take my shahada.
He converted to Islam and he never looked back.
He had an A in Berber.
He encouraged her to learn about Islam.
She had an A in Berber.
You're very fortunate to have such a wonderful imam.
You're very fortunate to have such a wonderful mosque.
Every single Muslim should know that.
She never accepted Islam.
They want to ban Islam in their country.
We read the Quran.
Salas went to the mosque.
That party is very anti-Islam.
They are determined to do everything they can to stop Islam from growing.
They want to ban the Quran in their country.
They want to ban the religion of Islam from their country.
They want to ban the hijab in their country.
They want less Muslim immigrants in their country.
They are anti-Algerian.
They hate Algerians.
He was still anti-Islam.
He was writing an anti-Islam book.
They believe that Islam is an evil religion.
They believe that Muslims are evil people.
They think that Islam is anti-Jewish.
They think that Islam is a religion of terror.
He went to several mosques.
That's what God wants.
He gave me some information about Islam.
Islam looks very much like Christianity.
Is Muhammad a prophet or not?
Muhammad, peace be upon him, fought defensive wars.
Muhammad is a prophet as well.
Muhammad is a prophet, too.
He's Muslim, too.
He stopped believing in God.
He looks Muslim.
"He looks Muslim." "He is Muslim."
He still believes in God.
Can we take the shahada now?
When he converted to Islam, his mother was very sad.
His conversion to Islam made his wife very happy.
God is almighty.
God is almighty and does what He wants to do.
He still thinks Islam is a nice religion.
She was writing an anti-Islam book.
I'll send you a copy of the Quran.
I can send you a copy of the Quran.
He wants to understand better what Islam is.
He was really anti-Islam.
He became Algerian.
Salas is a Berber name.
He's already a Muslim.
He married an Algerian woman.
She was in Algeria.
They didn't like him because he was Muslim.
He is originally from Algeria.
He has Algerian ancestry.
What's your problem with Islam?
"What's your problem with Islam?" "I don't know."
He still doesn't like Islam.
She read a book about Islam.
She bought a book about Islam.
He bought a book about the prophet of Islam.
Abandoning Islam created a hole in his heart.
He lost faith in God.
Islam is growing in the West.
Islam is growing in Europe.
He's a cab driver of Algerian descent.
He was born and raised in Algeria.
He talked to some people from Algeria.
Islamophobia is very worrying.
This is Islamophobic propaganda.
Islamophobia is very real.
In the Netherlands, Islamophobia is very real.
I think the whole truth is in Islam.
Where should she go?
Where should he go?
Where should they go?
You don't know?
He had one of his neighbors take care of his house.
He got tired of that house.
His house was dark.
His house was haunted.
He explored the house.
Strange events kept happening in that house.
He was terrified of that house.
He moved into that house.
He lived in the new house.
He moved into the new house.
He moved into his new house.
He sold the house.
This is what led him to sell the house.
He was positive that his house was haunted.
He used to hear footsteps in the old house.
A new house would usually come with many problems.
The house wasn't very big.
They lived in that house.
This is the house they lived in growing up.
They arrived at the house.
They heard a baby crying in that house.
That house isn't very big.
You could hear any noise at any point of the house.
They left him alone in the ghost house.
He spent the night alone in the ghost house.
He slept alone in the ghost house.
My family was looking to buy a house.
His house is located in a pretty secluded neighborhood.
He got a creepy vibe from the house.
He walked into the house.
The house was creepy as hell.
They're buying a house.
They're buying a new house.
The house has been up for sale four times in the last ten years.
The realtor was talking about the house.
His house and ours were across from each other.
He walked into their house.
He lived in an apartment that he thought was haunted.
He didn't believe that house was haunted.
The more he spoke about that house, the more afraid he got.
He came into the house.
My wife and I bought a house in Algiers.
They bought a house last year.
His house looked like a fortress.
Does this house have a basement?
He is interested in the house.
The house was the place of several murders.
He has just moved back to Algiers.
He has just moved back to his hometown.
This house is cool.
This house is cheap.
He has been living in that house for about a month.
This house has four bathrooms.
He turned on every light in the house.
He ended up living in that house for four years.
The house was sold.
He only lived there for four months before he moved out.
He know that the house was wanted.
He didn't want to go into the house.
The house was vacant.
The house smelt old.
He hasn't gone into the house yet.
He started walking slowly towards the house.
He knew that house was haunted.
His grandfather killed himself in that house.
He heard heavy footsteps walking around his house.
He grew up in a house that was haunted.
He was raised in a Muslim household.
He was in the mosque last week.
Who lived in this house before us?
He has lived in this house for over forty years.
He rented this house for a decade.
The house gave off strange vibes.
He recently purchased that house.
When he grew older, he had a newfound interest in Islam.
They didn't have a mosque.
They moved into that house.
He was about to enter the house.
He is in the house.
They had the house blessed.
They got out of the house.
They had the house blessed and cleansed.
They left the house the next day.
There was no one in the house.
He was staying in the guest house.
Nothing happened in that house.
Nothing unusual happened in that house.
He was so creeped out in that house.
His dog was so aggressive and would not allow anyone in the house.
He lived in another house.
He follows me everywhere in the house.
All the doors of the house were locked.
He told her to stay in the house.
He's in the house.
He used to live in a haunted house for four years.
He used to live in a haunted house.
He was building his dream house in Algiers.
The whole house was carpeted.
He slowly walked into the house.
The house was cold.
He went into the house.
He walked out of the house.
He went to that house.
Can you see the house now?
This is the first time she has seen this house.
He photographed the house.
The house was being sold.
They wanted to sell the house.
The ghost returned to haunt that house.
She grew up in a house that was haunted.
He no longer lived in that house.
He was wandering through he house, talking to himself.
Who is the original owner of this house?
He has lived in this house for so long.
They lived in a haunted house.
Weird things were happening in that house.
Stranger things started happening in that house.
Strange things started happening in that house.
Strange things have been happening in this house.
They were decorating the house.
He didn't feel comfortable in that house.
He was uncomfortable being in that house.
Somebody died in that house.
That house was in the middle of nowhere.
From to 2004, he lived in a haunted house.
No one was staying in that house.
That house was very comfortable.
When we lived in that house, I loved it.
He lived in that house.
Mary is a friendly girl.
Mary is a friendly person.
No one had ever asked Mary out before.
No one had ever asked me out before.
No one's ever asked me that before.
No one has ever asked me that before.
No one had ever asked Tom that before.
No one had ever asked Tom that question before.
Tom wanted to prove to Mary that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends and family that he could do it.
Tom seemed surprised by Mary's question.
Mary seemed surprised by Tom's question.
Tom seemed surprised by my question.
He seemed surprised by her question.
The boy seemed surprised by the girl's question.
The girl seemed surprised by the boy's question.
Maybe you should go to the hospital.
Tom fell from his hammock.
Tom didn't ask Mary.
Tom asked Mary.
Tom was afraid that Mary would say "no."
Tom didn't ask Mary because he was afraid that she would say "no."
Tom was afraid of being embarrassed.
Tom decided to walk home.
I wanted to be the boss.
Tom told Mary he'd stay at John's place.
I wanted to be punctual.
I have no problem with my short-term memory.
Somebody rang the bell.
Everybody froze in horror.
Everyone loves football.
A panel of judges rebelled against the rules of a prestigious literary award by naming both Margaret Atwood and Bernardine Evaristo the winners of the Booker Prize in London.
Peter Florence, the head of the judges, said they had been told "quite firmly" that they could only pick one winner.
"The more we talked about them, the more we found we loved them both so much we wanted them both to win," he said at a news conference Monday.
Evaristo, the first black woman to win the coveted prize, was recognized for her novel "Girl, Woman, Other."
Atwood won for "The Testaments," the follow-up to her dystopian masterpiece "The Handmaid's Tale."
At 79, Atwood is the oldest to win a Booker.
This is her second nod by Booker judges. She also won in for "The Blind Assassin."
The duo will split the $63,prize.
As the two came to the stage to accept the prize, Atwood said to Evaristo, "Neither of us expected to win this. I'm very surprised. I would have thought that I was too elderly. And I kind of don't need the attention, so I'm very glad that you're getting some."
Tom came to the stage to accept the prize.
Tom walked to the stage to accept the prize.
Neither of us expected to win.
I don't need the attention.
I'm very glad that you're getting some.
In 1992, "The English Patient" by Michael Ondaatje shared the Booker prize with Barry Unsworth's "Sacred Hunger."
The rules were changed after that.
The Booker is awarded to the best English-language novel published in Britain and Ireland.
Archeologists have discovered colored wooden coffins in Luxor.
Extracting colors from snails is an ancient dyeing method that the Mixtec people have been practicing for around 1,years.
Like their ancestors, Mixtec dyers do not hurt the snails. They carefully return them to their habitat. They give them time to recover and recharge.
Dodging waves at low tide, a barefooted, shirtless Mixtec man is carefully walking along the Pacific Coast of Oaxaca, Mexico.
He navigates his way through the gray rocks on a quest to catch a particular kind of snail, Purpura pansa.
He presses just the right part of the snail's foot to encourage it to secrete a neurotoxin directly onto a skein of cotton yarn.
The milky liquid stains the yarn in a greenish color.
As it oxidizes, the color turns blue and finally becomes a brilliant reddish-purple hue.
They also stay away from the snails during the mating season.
Recker is interested in natural dyes because he finds them fascinating.
To explore traditional techniques and personal approaches to natural dyeing, Recker embarked on a journey and met with artisans from all over the world, from West Africa to Bangladesh to China to Northern California to Mexico to Uzbekistan.
Tom didn't ask Mary what she thought.
Before 1856, when the first synthetic dye was invented in England by a chemist who made a beautiful purple color out of tar, all colors were natural. They were made in some vividly amazing ways.
Dyes were mostly extracted from plants, but in some cases from animals.
Most of these artisans not only keep their ancestors' handmade natural dyeing techniques alive, they pass them to younger generations as they train other artisans in their communities.
Artisans come from different artistic and cultural backgrounds, however, their work is similar in many ways.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends and family he could do it.
Audrey Louise Reynolds is an artisan living in Upstate New York.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends he could do it.
She extracts beautiful colors from turmeric.
Tom wanted to prove to Mary he could do it.
Rupa Trivedi in Mumbai, India, creates a range of colors from marigold, hibiscus and rose flowers and coconut husks.
Nobody had ever asked Tom that question before.
Mary wore colorful clothes.
Nobody had ever asked Tom that before.
Nobody has ever asked me that before.
Maria Elena Pompo, who moved from Venezuela to the United States, developed her natural dyeing technique through experimentation.
I paid good money for that.
Nobody's ever asked me that before.
She colors her clothing with recycled avocado pits.
Nobody had ever asked Mary out before.
She goes around Brooklyn, collecting avocado pits from Mexican restaurants and uses them in a very precise way to create a whole range of blushes and yellowy apricots and pink browns.
It's very low impact because they're things that would otherwise go to trash.
Tom wanted to prove to himself he could do it.
I wanted to prove to myself I could do it.
Cochineal is a red color that comes from dried beetles.
Everybody stopped talking and stared at me.
Carpetmakers Fatillo Kendjeav and his family, in Bukhara, Uzbekistan, extract a variety of red shades from madder roots.
They use other natural ingredients to deepen the authenticity of their carpets, such as walnut hulls to create deep browns, and pomegranate skins to create a beautiful bronze green.
They also use onion skins, apple, grape and mulberry leaves to create different shades of yellow.
Recker notes that these artisans tend to use such natural plants not only as colorants, but also as food and medicine.
As many people have become more conscious about natural foods and healthy eating habits, some see wearing naturally dyed fabrics as another step toward a healthier lifestyle.
These dyeing techniques also have a lower impact on the environment as they encourage recycling and reusing practices.
If you learn how to use natural ingredients available around you, you can easily refresh an old, tired T-shirt, or a scarf, or a sheet and give it a new life instead of throwing them away.
Recker hopes raising awareness about natural colors will press the fashion industry worldwide to become more sustainable and environmentally friendly.
It's OK to raise your hand and ask a question.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't want to seem dumb.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't want to seem stupid.
Columbia University law Professor Olatunde Johnson, who writes about modern civil rights legislation and innovative ways to address discrimination and inequality, sees #MeToo as a strong force for change.
“I think one of the most powerful things is that it's really brought attention to the issue of sexual harassment to sexual assault and it has provided a way for women to collectivize their stories,” Johnson says.
“A lot of times people don't believe people in isolation, but when you hear repeated stories that's when you begin to think these are systemic problems that we need to deal with. And that's powerful.”
Tom stood in silence for a moment.
Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food.
Mary changed Tom's diapers.
Tom changed the baby's diapers.
George W. Bush should stand trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Is something wrong with the baby?
The baby is perfectly healthy.
When is your due date?
Tom felt backed into a corner.
I have a feeling that something very bad is going to happen.
I have a feeling something very bad is going to happen.
I don't know why I even thought that you might consider doing that.
I don't know why I even thought you might consider doing that.
I laughed aloud.
I doubted my eyes.
I turned to Tom.
I took Tom's hand.
I was afraid to turn around.
I wonder what Tom got.
I can't account for it.
I hardly believe it myself.
I looked at the lawn again.
I should've thought of it.
I suppose we'd better have dinner.
I suppose we'd better eat dinner.
I awoke a little before dawn.
I shared a cab with Tom.
I shared a taxi with Tom.
I stood up and looked around me.
I was expecting to find Tom here.
I don't expect you to believe it.
I suppose I should apologize.
I don't know how long I was unconscious.
I didn't see what happened to Tom.
I shouted at them as loudly as I could.
I banged my fist on the table.
I still think that's the most plausible reason.
I still think that that's the most plausible reason.
I heard your voices and wondered what you were talking about.
I don't think anyone else noticed.
I don't think that anyone else noticed.
I don't think anybody else noticed.
I don't think that anybody else noticed.
I saw something that seemed odd to me.
I felt giddy.
I know why you came.
I know why you came here.
I tried to get that done before you got here.
I don't mind telling you what happened.
I lit my last match, hoping that I could find the door.
I don't know how long I sat there.
I felt pretty sure that I was right.
I felt pretty sure I was right.
I was surprised to find what I found.
I got off my bicycle and sat down on a bench.
I looked around me to see if anybody was paying any attention to me.
I looked around me to see if anyone was paying any attention to me.
I tried to get back to sleep again.
I tried to get to sleep again, but I felt restless and uncomfortable.
I was very tired and sleepy.
I tried to do what I could to revive Tom.
I tried to do everything I could to revive Tom.
I stood with my back to the tree.
I looked at my watch and saw that I was going to be late.
I had a crowbar in one hand and a hammer in the other.
I could no longer see Tom, but I could hear his footsteps.
I told myself that I'd never be able to do that.
I told myself I'd never be able to do that.
Tom did all those things.
I wanted to buy a house.
Tom wasn't able to do anything for Mary.
I wanted to become rich.
Tom didn't call for help.
I wanted to feel needed.
Mary is having problems with her husband.
I wanted to dye my hair.
All of the windows were closed.
It's not through inventions but through improvements that fortunes are made.
Tom received a telephone call from Mary.
Have you ever tried doing it this way before?
Tom pled guilty to second degree murder.
I want to be a famous baseball player.
Tom noticed that the door wasn't locked.
Tom noticed the door wasn't locked.
Quite of few of the children looked unhappy.
Quite of few of the children didn't look happy.
Tom lives in the apartment next to Mary.
I don't want to become an electrician.
Hisn native language is Berber.
He's speaking Berber.
I am in Bejaia, in Algeria.
Couscous is a Berber word.
Couscous is a word that English has borrowed from Berber.
How many Berber words do I need to learn to be fluent in the language?
How much Berber vocabulary do I need for fluency in the language?
He has already learned four hundred Berber words and phrases.
He's conversationally fluent in Berber.
I told you that I was going to do it.
I told you I was going to do it.
He isn't Algerian. He's from Morocco.
He's not a Berber speaker.
I can confirm that he's not a Berber speaker.
She doesn't even speak Berber.
His fluency in Berber is zero.
How much Berber vocabulary do you need for fluency?
This is a good way for learning Berber vocabulary.
This is an effective way for learning Berber vocabulary.
This will transform your life.
I want to teach you a new Berber word.
These words only differ by one letter.
You can't become fluent in Berber without any effort.
What's the best secret to becoming the best Berber teacher?
A package arrived from Algeria.
Our Berber teacher is a scholar and a gentleman.
This Berber dictionary is the best present in the world.
I'll show you a trick to learning Berber vocabulary.
This Berber dictionary contains thousands and thousands of words.
Learning Berber would take a very long time.
This Berber word didn't appear again in the whole book.
Is this Berber word old or invented?
He showed us different techniques to memorize Berber vocabulary.
He started to translate the article into Berber.
