Tom isn't wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Tom is the only man on that committee.
They should put her up for adoption.
He supports her decision.
Tom got arrested the same day I did.
Tom has been a bartender for three years.
Tom is Mary's first French teacher.
Tom is really talkative now.
Tom is living with us now.
Tom is here and plans to stay for another three hours.
Tom is here and plans to stay for three more hours.
Tom was hired the same day that Mary got fired.
Tom was hired the same day Mary got fired.
Tom got arrested on his wedding day.
Tom is standing behind the counter.
Tom is the brains of the operation.
Tom will be the last to leave the store.
Tom will be the last one to leave the store.
Tom will be the last person to leave the store.
Tom is the one who made this video.
Tom is too scared to talk about it.
Tom seemed to be too scared to talk about it.
Tom is wearing a purple sweatshirt.
Why is everyone lying?
Tom is trying to get the door open.
He's more than willing to help.
They'll regret it.
Tom got arrested for drunken driving.
Tom got struck by lightning and died.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom is busy, so he can't help us.
Tom is on the phone most of the day.
Tom is in the classroom now.
Tom is looking at a picture of Mary.
Tom is holding a small box of stuff.
Tom is expecting Mary to come alone.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to come alone.
Tom isn't expecting Mary to come alone.
Tom is afraid Mary is going to die.
Tom is with his family this weekend.
Tom is right outside waiting for us.
Tom is looking for something to eat.
Tom is looking around for something.
Tom is behaving like a spoiled brat.
Tom will be out till midnight.
Tom will be out until midnight.
Tom is looking at a map of the area.
Tom is drinking from a water bottle.
He focused on his career.
Tom is in a better mood now than he was an hour ago.
Tom is carrying a leather briefcase.
He wants to gain weight.
Tom got caught selling drugs to kids.
Tom seemed disturbed by the implication.
Tom is unaware of what's happening.
Tom got killed in a hunting accident.
My native language isn't French.
I'm definitely a morning person.
I wanted Tom to do that yesterday.
He never graduated.
I wonder who'll want to do that.
I wanted Tom to clean the bathtub.
I wanted to talk to my children.
I wanted to talk to my kids.
I wanted Tom to be honest with me.
I wanted to stay with my mother.
I want to make sure Tom does that.
I want to make sure that Tom does that.
I wanted to continue doing that.
Tom never speaks French with me.
I wanted to be just like my dad.
I wanted to be just like my father.
Why did you divorce her?
Tom got caught selling drugs to children.
Tom is afraid that Mary is going to die.
It's shit.
My shoes got soaked.
I almost forgot about him.
She graduated from the university.
Dad's a human being.
You're a human being.
There are many religions, but the truth is singular.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that days from the twelfth chapter of Revelation lasted from to and represented an underground position of the Christian church during the reign of the papacy.
Through the prophet Zechariah, God foretold the combination of royal authority and priesthood in Jesus Christ.
I bought presents for my godchildren.
For lots of reasons, I recommended her as your guardian.
I drank too much today.
Mary took the rubbish out.
Mary took the garbage out.
No more shooting.
He is a very qualified dentist.
There's a painting on the wall.
I hate pies.
Tom is convinced he'll be betrayed.
Tom is convinced he's been betrayed.
Tom thinks that he's been betrayed.
Tom thinks he's been betrayed.
Tom is convinced that he's been betrayed.
Tom is convinced that he'll be betrayed.
Tom is wearing a blue hospital gown.
Tom is sitting in the dark, smoking.
Tom is overdressed for the occasion.
Tom is the one who did this for you.
Tom has been involved in a minor accident.
Tom is afraid someone will see him.
Tom is afraid that someone will see him.
Tom is afraid that somebody will see him.
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.
Tom is watching TV in the living room.
I was taken completely by surprise.
Tom wasn't kept waiting for very time.
Tom is living well beyond his means.
Tom got fired from his job last week.
Tom has been looking for you all morning.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's reaction.
Tom will be away from home all week.
Tom is very happy his team won.
Tom is here, but he isn't helping us.
Tom won't the first person to get here.
Tom will probably be the first person to get here.
Tom will be released from prison in October.
Tom won't be able to attend the banquet.
Tom is carrying his son on his back.
Tom is driving his girlfriend's car.
Tom got shot three times in the back.
Tom is seated between Mary and John.
Tom will probably be able to find Mary a good job.
Tom won't be able to find a good job.
Tom won't likely be able to find Mary a good job.
Tom won't likely be able to find a good job.
Tom got shot three times in the head.
Tom got treated at a nearby hospital.
Tom met Mary when he was on vacation.
Tom met Mary when he was on vacation in Australia.
Tom is expected to testify.
Tom is just as confused as Mary is.
Tom is just as confused as Mary.
Tom didn't seem shocked when I told him that.
Tom stayed out late last night drinking.
Tom won't likely be able to answer that question.
Tom probably won't be able to answer that question.
Tom will be asked not to do that anymore.
Tom stayed at the party for a long time.
Tom has been lying to Mary the whole time.
Tom has been lying to us the whole time.
Tom has been lying to me the whole time.
Tom is much more patient than I am.
Tom is scared and I'm scared, too.
Tom is sitting alone at the counter.
Tom is having all kinds of bad luck.
Tom should be able to do what he has to do.
Tom should be able to do what he needs to do.
Tom won't be able to do what he needs to do unless you help him.
Tom is worried you won't do that.
Tom is worried that you won't do that.
Tom is worried you may not do that.
Tom is worried that you may not do that.
Tom is worried you might not do that.
Tom is worried that you might not do that.
Tom is too terrified to do anything.
Tom is sitting in the driver's seat.
Tom will be in Boston for several months.
We found Tom hiding in his basement.
Tom should be able to do that successfully.
Tom won't be able to do that successfully.
Tom is glad Mary helped him do that.
Tom is glad that Mary helped him do that.
Tom is dressed, as always, in black.
I hope that Tom is ready to go when I get there.
I hope Tom is ready to go when I get there.
Tom is hoping that we'll do that for Mary.
Tom is at home with Mary now.
Tom is talking about something else.
Tom is standing outside in the cold.
Tom seemed genuinely worried about Mary.
Tom is the only one who got injured.
Tom is the only one that got injured.
Tom will be on the same train that I'll be on.
Tom will be on the same train I'll be on.
Tom is embarrassed, but Mary isn't.
Tom is often disobedient, but Mary isn't.
Tom is cooperative, but Mary isn't.
Tom is usually cooperative, but Mary isn't.
Tom seemed unwilling to help me do that.
Tom is very sure that Mary can do that.
Tom is wearing the tie you gave him.
Tom is wearing the tie that you gave him.
Tom is a very popular kid.
Tom is only pretending to be asleep.
Tom has been a taxi driver for many years.
Tom is clearly not happy about that.
Tom got thrown out of the restaurant.
Tom is the only one who's sitting.
Tom is the only person in the house.
Tom is only doing what he's supposed to do.
Tom is the only one doing what he's supposed to do.
Tom was the only one doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom is obviously not having any fun.
Tom is obviously not having much fun.
Tom is obviously not having fun.
Tom is nice to Mary and her friends.
Tom will be fired for breaking the rules.
Tom got fired for breaking the rules.
Tom will get fired for breaking the rules.
Tom got arrested in Boston last week.
Tom is the person that's in charge.
Tom is standing in line behind Mary.
Tom has been gone for over thirty minutes.
Tom won't be on the same plane as me.
Tom won't be on the same plane that I'll be on.
Tom is dissatisfied with the result.
Tom seems dissatisfied with the result.
Tom seemed dissatisfied with the result.
Tom has been asked to appear on television.
Tom has been asked to be on television.
Tom wasn't able to park behind the hotel.
Tom wanted to park behind the hotel.
Tom didn't seem surprised that Mary showed up.
Tom seemed to be flattered by Mary's attention.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to believe Mary.
Tom got frisked by the police officer.
Tom is standing near the trophy case.
Tom is standing over there near the trophy case.
Tom got frightened and tried to leave.
Tom is in the kitchen, drinking alone.
Tom is carrying a bouquet of flowers.
Tom is supposed to be here now.
Tom is supposed to be here tomorrow.
Tom is looking for a vending machine.
Tom said that he was looking for a vending machine.
Tom said he was looking for a vending machine.
Tom is in his junior year in college.
Tom is in pain, but he's trying to hide it.
Tom will be charged with attempted murder.
Tom is clearly a little disappointed.
Tom seemed deeply disturbed by this news.
Tom wasn't able to conceal his sadness.
Tom is hoping to win the first prize.
Tom is hoping that he can win the first prize.
Tom is hoping he can win the first prize.
Tom is convinced Mary likes him.
Tom is cleaning up some broken glass.
Tom cleaned up the broken glass.
Tom picked up the broken glass and put it in a box.
Tom can probably swim across the river.
I think that I could swim across the river if I tried.
I think I could swim across the river if I tried.
Tom is much more upset than Mary is.
Tom will be really tired when he gets home.
Tom will probably be really tired when he gets home.
Tom will likely be really tired when he gets home.
Tom is late because of heavy traffic.
Tom will be late because of heavy traffic.
Tom will be late because he's caught in a traffic jam.
Tom is the only other person here.
Tom has been diagnosed with gastric cancer.
Tom is nice to all of Mary's friends.
Tom was the last one to find out about it.
Tom was the last person to find out about it.
Tom is supposed to be helping us now.
Tom said that he'd help us tomorrow.
Tom said he'd help us tomorrow.
Tom is behaving like a spoiled child.
Tom has been behaving like a spoiled child.
I'm glad money wasn't mentioned.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was.
I'm frustrated by the situation.
I wanted Tom to eat lunch with me.
I'm glad that money wasn't mentioned.
No-one is stopping me.
Not very many students could answer the questions that the teacher asked.
Not very many students could answer the questions the teacher asked.
None of the boys had a guitar.
Neither of us likes cats.
None of my children can play chess.
None of my friends are here.
To tell the truth, I'm kind of tired.
Who can tell what'll happen in the future?
We often eat outdoors in the summer.
We all plan to meet at the bus stop at noon.
You'll probably find this map useful.
Neither of my children can play chess.
Both of my children can play chess.
All of my children can play chess.
No one has ever done anything like this before.
This is the first time that anyone has ever done this.
This is the first time that anybody has ever done this.
This is the first time anybody has ever done this.
This is the first time that anybody has ever done something like this.
This is the first time anybody has ever done something like this.
This is the first time that anyone has ever done something like this.
This is the first time anyone has ever done something like this.
This is the first time anyone has ever done this.
You're running out of disk space.
There's no room in my closet for anything else.
Can you scoot over and make room for one more person?
This is the first time that anyone's ever done something like this.
This is the first time anyone's ever done something like this.
This is the first time that anybody's ever done something like this.
This is the first time anybody's ever done something like this.
We had to get our car repaired.
We had to have our car repaired.
My hat got blown off.
I heard somebody call my name.
I eat meat, but my wife doesn't.
Tom has been a park ranger for three years.
Tom couldn't talk at the meeting.
Tom wasn't allowed to talk at the meeting.
Tom wasn't allowed to speak at the meeting.
Tom is still alive, but just barely.
Tom got shot three times in the chest.
I felt really proud.
How long does it take you to walk to the bus stop?
How long does it take you to walk to the nearest supermarket?
How long does it take you to walk to the closest supermarket?
How many windows are in your room?
How much longer do you want to stay here?
Where did you buy your shoes?
Do you often wear high heels?
How much time does it usually take you to do your homework?
Do you often feel sleepy after eating lunch?
Do you often feel sleepy after lunch?
Do you often feel sleepy in the early afternoon?
Tom lied to us about what he did.
Tom is a habitual liar.
I plan to spend three months in Boston.
I intend to spend three months in Boston.
I intend to be in Boston for three months.
I plan to be in Boston for three months.
I catch your drift.
I know you very well. You're brutal killers, not nice people at all.
Tom is a card-carrying communist.
Tom keeps the ashes of his cat in an urn.
Tom is lucky Mary helped him do that.
Tom is lucky that Mary helped him do that.
Tom is lucky Mary was able to help him do that.
Tom is lucky that Mary was able to help him do that.
Tom is hoping that he can cheer Mary up.
Tom is hoping he'll be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom is hoping that he'll be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom is convinced that Mary can win.
Tom is convinced Mary can win.
Tom is convinced that Mary will win.
Tom is convinced Mary will win.
Tom is just as surprised as Mary.
Tom is just as surprised as Mary is.
Tom is a closet atheist.
Tom is hoping that we'll do that with Mary.
Tom came here earlier looking for Mary.
Stay away from negative people. They have a problem for every solution.
Tom is afraid someone will see him doing that.
Tom is afraid somebody will see him doing that.
Tom is afraid that somebody will see him doing that.
Tom is afraid that someone will see him doing that.
Tom has been paying really close attention.
Tom hasn't been paying very close attention.
Tom is the star of the football team.
Tom is the star of the basketball team.
I'm just happy to talk to someone.
I'm just happy to talk to somebody.
Tom is very sure that Mary needs to do that.
Tom is very sure that Mary has to do that.
Tom is paid very well for the work he does.
Tom is paid a lot for the work he does.
Tom is paid quite well for the work he does.
Tom is paid a lot for what he does.
Tom is paid quite a lot for what he does.
Tom is paid very well for what he does.
Tom is supposed to call Mary at 2:30.
Tom is sitting at a table by himself.
Tom got arrested driving a stolen car.
Tom is too shy to admit his feelings.
Tom is clearly not thinking straight.
Tom is very grateful for Mary's help.
I'm too tired to continue working.
Tom is sitting at the bar by himself.
Tom is scared to go there by himself.
Tom is one of the bad kids at school.
Tom is obviously hesitant to do that.
Tom wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom wants to be the first one to reach the summit.
Tom got fined for running a red light.
Tom is being very careful not to make any noise.
Tom is behind the bar, mixing drinks.
Tom will likely be awake by the time I get there.
Tom will probably be awake by the time I get there.
I think that Tom will be awake by the time I get there.
I think Tom will be awake by the time I get there.
Tom is usually the last one to finish eating.
Tom is the youngest boy in our class.
Tom is the youngest in our class.
Tom is the only person who helped me.
Tom is the only person who volunteered to help me.
Tom is confused by what's happened.
Tom will only be in Boston for three days.
Tom is supposed to help me on Monday.
Tom is supposed to testify on Monday.
Tom is supposed to get back to Boston on Monday.
Tom is heading down a dangerous path.
Tom is the one who told me the story.
Tom is the one that told me the story.
Tom got killed by his own gang members.
Tom has been warned not to bully Mary again.
Tom is tempted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom seems to be tempted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom is lucky that Mary didn't hit him.
Tom is lucky Mary didn't hit him.
Tom is accustomed to being on his own.
Tom is used to being on his own.
Tom is sure that he can find another job.
Tom is sure he can find another job.
Tom thinks that he can find another job.
Tom thinks he can find another job.
Tom is under-dressed for the occasion.
Tom seemed a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.
Tom is the one who taught me how to swear.
Tom was the one who taught me how to swear.
Tom is sitting on the hood of the car.
Tom is in the bar drinking by himself.
Tom is afraid he might bleed to death.
Tom is afraid that he might bleed to death.
Tom is supposed to be there now.
Tom is supposed to be in Australia now.
Tom is glad that Mary agreed with him.
Tom is glad Mary agreed with him.
Tom is wearing a brown leather jacket.
Tom got caught trying to steal jewelry.
Tom is by far the best singer in our family.
Tom is just trying to protect himself.
I'm tired, so I'm going to go to bed early.
Tom got released from prison on Monday.
Tom is the first boy Mary ever kissed.
Our son lives in Munich.
Tom couldn't get Mary to help him.
Tom is going to be released from prison next week.
Tom is lucky we were here to help him.
Tom is lucky that we were here to help him.
Please tell me how to get there.
Tom is writing a book in French.
I counted the jars on the shelf.
I wanted Tom to stay, but he left.
I've only been here three years.
I wanted Tom to walk home with me.
I'm still here, waiting for you.
I've only been here for three years.
"He's still living in Tunisia." "Algeria." "Whatever."
He's still living in Algeria.
The best way to solve this problem is to move to Algeria.
He opened a new business in Algeria.
Are you going to Algeria?
I've never been to Algeria.
He did that before he moved to Algeria.
Algeria is in North Africa. How could you not know that?
Algeria is in Africa, too.
Senegal is in Africa and Algeria is in Africa, too.
Algeria has changed a lot.
He bought a new house in Algeria.
He bought a house in Algeria.
He doesn't need anything in Algeria anymore.
The movie was shot in Algeria.
I'm Algerian and you know that.
His children are in Algeria.
His children live in Algeria.
He's only in Algeria to make a movie.
To me, Bejaia is the greatest city in Algeria.
This is my first trip to Algeria.
I have to go to Algeria.
"Where does he live?" "In Algeria."
He wants to take her to dinner to Algiers in his Mercedes.
He wants to take her to dinner to Algiers.
Tom has got a question.
He has a studio in Algeria.
I'm talking about Algeria.
We want you to go to Algeria.
Are we in Algeria already?
I wish I were in Algeria.
I wish I lived in Algeria.
I wish I grew up in Algeria.
I wish I were born in Algeria.
They shot this scene in Algeria.
We're all freshers.
He's sorry he sold his house in Algeria.
He's leaving for Algiers.
We are going to Algeria.
Algiers is just four hours away.
I just wanna go to Algeria.
I'm so miserable that I just wanna go to Algeria.
When I said home, I meant Algeria.
He was buried in Algeria.
I want to be buried in Algeria.
Algeria supports Nicolas Maduro.
Algeria supports Venezuela.
Algeria continues to support Nicolas Maduro.
Algeria isn't afraid of its enemies.
Algeria isn't afraid of its geopolitical enemies.
Algeria isn't afraid of terrorists.
Algeria isn't afraid of terrorism.
Algeria and Iran are partners.
Algeria and China are strategic partners.
Algeria and China are economic partners.
Algeria and Russia are geopolitical partners.
Algeria needs to export more oil.
Algeria needs to export more oil and gas.
Algeria suffered from a massive devaluation.
Algeria needs to get rid of its corrupt oligarchs.
Algeria's currency is weak.
In Algeria, basic food items have become more expensive.
You should go to Algeria.
In Algeria, Berber is a lot less widely spoken than Arabic.
Algerians are voting today.
She has become Muslim.
How is Algeria's economy?
How is Algeria's economy doing?
To me, Algeria is the best of countries.
To me, Algeria is the best country in the world.
We can't deny Algeria's economic growth.
Is Algeria lying about its economic statistics?
Is Algeria cheating about its economic statistics?
Is Algeria exaggerating its GDP?
Algeria needs to discover new oil fields.
He has a restaurant in Algeria.
Is Algeria's GDP accurately measured?
Is Algeria's growth accurately measured?
What exactly is going on in Algeria?
That country has got a name and its name is Algeria.
In the 1990s, Algeria started to open up its economy.
Algeria is aware of this.
Algeria is aware of this threat.
These statistics are provided by Algeria's government.
These statistics are provided by the Algerian government.
Tom helped me improve my French.
Algerians should vote.
A car nearly hit Tom.
Berbers have managed to keep their language and traditions.
Algeria has plenty of oil and gas.
Algeria has plenty of unexploited gas.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and has no distinct political status whatsoever.
Kabylie has no distinct political status whatever and is an integral part of Algeria.
There is no such administrative or political entity called Kabylie. In fact, this region has no distinct political status and is an integral part of Algeria.
Separatism has no future in our country.
That company is extracting oil in Algeria.
Algerians have rights.
Algerians are electing a new president today.
A lot of Chinese expats are living in Algeria.
Algeria needs more innovative partnerships with foreign countries.
Algeria needs to exploit its wealth.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural wealth efficiently.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural resources efficiently.
These products come from Algeria.
Algeria needs better infrastructure.
Some desert areas in Algeria are completely unfit for human habitation.
Algeria needs to make big investments.
Algeria and Morocco have a strange relationship.
Algeria is one of the most modern countries in Africa.
Berber is now an official language in Algeria.
Many Algerian emigrants are transferring money to Algeria.
It seems that things may finally change in Algeria.
Algeria has a lot of accessible natural resources.
Algeria is part of the African Union.
Algeria is in the African Union.
Algeria is having a hard time.
I'm revising for my exam.
She's a pretty famous actress in Algeria.
Have you ever been to Algeria?
Are you ready for your business trip to Algeria?
He was sniffing his armpits.
Is this costume a rental?
This pain is killing me.
Your girlfriend looks so pretty.
I give you my word that I'll rescue you both.
Just look into my eyes.
He played some Kabyle music.
Her father is amazing.
Tell me what happened in the mosque.
I lived through the war.
He used these exact words.
He has no natural defenses.
He's a certified cardiologist.
He's head of the restoration committee.
He eats diet candy.
He had a son out of wedlock.
I really miss Algeria.
He was born out of wedlock.
He completely changed the course of my life.
He texted me from Algiers.
Would you mind a bit of advice?
He has flaws.
He stole Skura's career.
You're not the center of the universe.
He's not the boss of me.
It's oozing something green.
Do you know how much I value our friendship?
This doesn't excuse your behavior.
His presence adds some excitement to my life.
Who are you to barge into my room?
He's a tennis instructor.
He's a golf pro.
Age doesn't matter to me.
I'm almost twice your age.
He's living in a castle.
I talk to him a lot.
I talk to her a lot.
There is a seven-spot ladybird on the table.
Sami the dog pooped in the attic.
You told me last week you like spaghetti.
Chocolate gives me rash.
I like everything except garlic.
He likes unsalted crackers.
Everyone loves pizza.
We didn't agree on what toppings to put on the pizza.
We're gonna lose big time.
He can run faster than her.
He can swim faster than her.
He can dodge better than me.
He can jump higher than me.
"Nice throw." "Nice catch, too."
I only drove to Algiers.
He's working on his speech.
Give each other a hug.
You're drinking wine.
You look amazing in green.
She has to prove that she is a woman.
"She has to prove that she is a woman." "But how?"
He caused a traffic jam on the bridge.
He would choose soccer over sex.
Growing up, he was so skinny.
Growing up, he was so shy.
Growing up, he was painfully shy.
We've been good so far.
We deserve a treat.
He turned his jacket around.
Hug your mom.
She looks stunning.
He looks horrible.
He donated his kidney.
You look like shit.
He congratulated me on winning the Oscar.
He flew all to way to Algiers to see me.
I still blame my father.
"He's rude." "I can live with that."
She is amazing.
I'm originally from Algeria.
He moved to Algiers where he started a successful business.
She crawled into my bed and we made love.
I don't act anymore.
Where do I buy a ticket?
Let me get my hat.
He started acting.
He's so self-centered and obnoxious.
It's shit!
You will never see me again.
"I hate you." "I hate you more."
"I hate you." "I hate you the most."
I'm moving to Algiers for good.
Why don't you tell us about yourself?
I was born in a small town in Algeria.
He can't quit acting.
He hated every minute of it.
He took her shopping.
I did the opposite.
"George Clooney?" "Yeah." "Big fan."
I'm done wish show business.
We've started a business in Algiers.
They have something else to laugh about.
Now they have something else to laugh about.
Now they have something to talk about.
He was enraged that another teacher would get that post.
Keep playing.
She remained silent.
He has already lost a son.
He doesn't want to lose his daughter.
The incident was quickly swept under the rug.
I am from Algiers.
He was friendly to her.
He reached into his backpack and pulled out a 9mm pistol.
He didn't flee.
His daugther and stepdaughter were polar opposites.
The Holy Quran is without error.
He puts Islam first.
She was a good Muslim girl.
I need some "me" time.
Boris Johnson is a racist, an antisemite, and an Islamophobe.
The British Conservative Party is responsible for the deaths of over a hundred thousand disabled people.
He fulfilled his duties as a statesman.
Oh, well. There's nothing we can do about that now.
Official Soviet propaganda called the Pentecostals 'savage sect'.
Tom is the one who set all of this up.
Tom seemed impressed by how Mary did that.
Tom is hoping to go skating with Mary.
Tom is sitting on the edge of the bed.
Tom is the only one who believed that.
Tom is the only one that believed that.
Tom has been here with me all day.
Tom won't likely be able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom will likely not be able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom will probably not be able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom is asleep on the living room sofa.
Tom is afraid Mary will laugh at him.
Tom is wearing a black suit now.
Tom is wearing a black suit.
Tom is very sure that he needs to do that.
Tom is afraid that he'll get fired.
Tom is the only one who isn't eating.
Tom is the only one who's not eating.
They visited Belarus.
I usually speak French with Tom.
I was motivated to learn French.
Tom didn't clean up after himself.
Teach me how to count in French.
There's a park behind our house.
Tom did that because he was drunk.
I've just begun studying French.
Tom is the only one who isn't asleep.
Tom is the only one that isn't asleep.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't asleep.
Tom isn't the only one that isn't asleep.
Your shirt needs to be ironed.
How much did all this stuff cost?
This puzzle has a few missing pieces.
The firemen couldn't extinguish the flames.
The firefighters couldn't extinguish the flames.
The firefighters couldn't extinguish the fire.
Where can I charge my car around here?
Tom brushed away the dust.
Tom wrote a letter yesterday.
Tom is sitting in the back of the bus.
Tom is sitting at the table with Mary.
Tom is probably the one who hurt Mary.
Tom is obviously reluctant to do that.
Tom is obviously motivated to do that.
Tom is obviously desperate to do that.
Tom is just trying to make Mary happy.
Tom is intrigued by what's going on.
Tom seemed intrigued by what was going on.
Tom has been accused of being a peeping Tom.
Tom got interviewed on a local TV show.
Tom is only in Boston for three weeks.
Tom will only be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom is only going to be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom wasn't at the hospital when Mary died.
Tom is sitting alone in the cafeteria.
Tom is arguing with Mary on the phone.
I'm finding it hard to concentrate.
Tom has been held hostage for a whole month.
Tom is living in Boston in these days.
Tom has been living with us for three years.
Tom got sent to the principal's office.
Tom is going to be out of town when that happens.
Tom will be out of town when that happens.
Tom is supposed to leave this morning.
Tom got caught sneaking out of the room.
Tom is sitting in the front of the bus.
Tom is going to be released from prison next month.
Tom almost got run over by a dump truck.
Tom is afraid his car will break down.
Tom is hoping that Mary will kiss him.
Tom is hoping Mary will kiss him.
Tom is the one who discovered the body.
Tom is the one that discovered the body.
Tom isn't the one who discovered the body.
Tom isn't the one that discovered the body.
Tom wasn't the one who discovered the body.
Tom wasn't the one that discovered the body.
Tom was the one that discovered the body.
Tom will likely be the last one to leave the party.
Tom will probably be the last one to leave the party.
Tom has been in the hospital for over a week.
Tom is lucky that he didn't get killed.
Tom has been working at his desk all morning.
Tom seemed a bit baffled by Mary's request.
Tom wasn't the only one drunk at the party.
Tom will be surprised how easy it'll be to do that.
Tom is in the closet, hiding from Mary.
Tom is leaning against the church wall.
Tom is sitting on a stool by the stove.
Tom is the one who referred Mary to us.
Tom is the one that referred Mary to us.
Tom is the reason Mary moved to Boston.
Tom is determined to leave the company.
Tom will likely be the first one to get here today.
Tom will probably be the first one to get here today.
Tom is standing at the end of the line.
Tom is very sorry for what he did.
Tom has been a prison warden for three years.
Tom seemed surprised and a little confused.
Tom is way out of line, and he knows it.
Tom is way out of line.
Tom was way out of line.
Tom is friends with both Mary and John.
Tom is one of the people who helped us.
Tom is one of the people that helped us.
Tom is in the third grade now.
Tom is afraid Mary will ignore him.
Tom is afraid that Mary will ignore him.
Tom will likely be unable to resist the temptation.
Tom will likely not be able to resist the temptation.
Tom won't likely be able to resist the temptation.
Tom will probably not be able to resist the temptation.
Tom is going to be released from prison in October.
Tom got stabbed in the neck three times.
Tom is aware that he's being watched.
Tom is aware he's being watched.
Tom seemed surprised by what Mary told him.
Tom will be surprised how hard it is to do.
Tom will be surprised how difficult it is to do.
Tom will be surprised how easy it is to do.
Tom will be surprised how easy it'll be to do.
Tom will be surprised how hard it'll be to do.
Tom will be surprised how difficult it'll be to do.
Tom will be the last one to stop doing that.
Tom will likely be the last one to stop doing that.
Tom will probably be the last one to stop doing that.
Tom will be able to do what he needs to do.
Tom will be able to do what he has to do.
Tom seemed disappointed by Mary's decision.
Tom is the one who planted these trees.
Tom isn't the one who planted these trees.
Tom wasn't the one who planted these trees.
Tom is the one that planted these trees.
Tom isn't the one that planted these trees.
Tom wasn't the one that planted these trees.
Tom was the one that planted these trees.
Tom will be surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom will probably be surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom will likely be surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom will be surprised to see Mary in Boston.
Tom is asleep on the living room couch.
Tom wasn't impressed by Mary's performance.
Tom will quite likely be impressed by Mary's performance.
Tom has been a heavy smoker most of his life.
Tom is afraid he might be disqualified.
Tom is afraid that he might be disqualified.
Tom is the one who did all the talking.
Tom is the one who usually does all the talking.
Tom won't be impressed by Mary's magic trick.
Tom has been in a bad mood all day.
Tom has been in a good mood all day.
Tom will be able to do what he wants to do.
Tom won't be able to do what he wants to do.
Tom may do what he wants to do.
Tom is the one who gave Mary my number.
Tom is the one that gave Mary my number.
Tom is too drunk to even open the door.
Tom is the only one who isn't snoring.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't snoring.
Tom is the only one who isn't sitting.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't sitting.
Tom is the only one who isn't singing.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't singing.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't singing.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't sitting.
Tom is the only one who isn't dancing.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't dancing.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't dancing.
Tom is the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom isn't the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom is sitting on the bench by himself.
Tom is doing only what needs to be done.
Tom is obviously not feeling very well.
Tom is obviously determined to do that.
Tom is living with his uncle this year.
Tom wasn't the last one to jump into the water.
Tom won't be invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom will be invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom isn't likely to be invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom is intrigued by what's happening.
Tom is extremely proud of his children.
Tom will be one of the last people to leave.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the cave.
Tom is the one who did all the driving.
Tom is the one who'll do all the driving.
Tom is the one who does all the driving.
I'm feeling more confused than ever.
Tom is usually the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom is scared of doing something wrong.
Tom is scared that he'll do something wrong.
Tom is scared he'll do something wrong.
Tom is holding a mug in his right hand.
Tom is usually accompanied by three bodyguards.
Tom is usually the last person to finish eating.
Tom is rarely the last person to finish eating.
Tom is often the last person to finish eating.
Tom should be able to answer all these questions.
Tom will be able to get home before Mary.
Tom will be able to get home before Mary does.
Tom got caught driving without a license.
Tom got beaten to death with a tire iron.
Tom will apparently be in Boston this winter.
Tom is afraid Mary won't believe him.
Tom is afraid that Mary won't believe him.
Tom isn't used to eating Japanese food.
Tom is in favor of aborting the mission.
Tom has been sentenced to life without parole.
Tom is holding a small box in his hands.
Tom is wondering what Mary is thinking.
I'm wondering what Tom is thinking.
I wonder what Tom thought was going to happen.
I wonder what Tom thinks is going to happen.
I wonder what Tom has in his suitcase.
I wonder what Tom bought.
I wonder what Tom studied in college.
I wonder what Tom majored in.
Tom got beaten to death with a golf club.
Tom said he was tired and went to bed.
Tom said that he was tired and went to bed.
Tom seemed surprised by what Mary asked him.
Tom is working very hard.
Tom wasn't the only person to tell me that.
Tom is incredibly forthright and honest.
Tom got stabbed in the chest three times.
Tom got mugged on his way home from work.
Tom would be surprised if Mary won the race.
Tom got fined for not wearing a seatbelt.
Tom is sitting at the counter all alone.
Tom is sitting on a log, playing guitar.
Tom should be able to buy everything he needs.
Tom should be able to buy everything he needs in this store.
Tom won't be able to buy everything he needs here.
I'm wondering what'll happen next.
Tom wasn't the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom is the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom isn't the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom has been here for several hours now.
Tom has been here for several hours.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian at the meeting.
Tom is the one who suggested doing that.
Tom is the one that suggested doing that.
Tom was the one that suggested doing that.
Tom got upset because nobody thanked him.
Tom got upset because no one thanked him.
Tom is the one who taught me how to ski.
Tom is the one that taught me how to ski.
Tom was the one that taught me how to ski.
Tom is one of the laziest people I know.
Tom is one of the laziest people that I know.
Tom is certain he's going to be fired.
Tom is certain that he's going to be fired.
Tom is certain he's going to get fired.
Tom is certain that he's going to get fired.
Tom is working as a waiter now.
Tom isn't working as a waiter anymore.
Tom is the only one who isn't swimming.
Tom is the only one that isn't swimming.
Tom is the only one who isn't standing.
Tom is the only one that isn't standing.
Tom is the only one not standing.
Tom is the only one not swimming.
Tom is the only one who isn't sleeping.
Tom is the only one that isn't sleeping.
Tom is the only one not sleeping.
Tom is the only one who isn't drinking.
Tom is the only one that isn't drinking.
Tom is the only one not drinking.
Tom is talking to Mary about his family.
Tom is often the last one to turn in his homework.
Tom is kind of chubby now.
Tom has gotten kind of chubby.
Tom has been friends with Mary for many years.
Tom got dropped off in front of the bank.
Tom is carrying a bag full of groceries.
Tom is too scared to even talk about it.
Tom is supposed to meet me here at 2:30.
Tom is likely to be one of the last people to arrive.
Tom will probably be one of the last people to arrive.
Tom will be allowed to do whatever he wants.
Tom will be allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom is the one that did all the driving.
Tom is supposed to be here before lunch.
Tom will only be in Australia for three days.
Tom will only be in Australia three days.
Tom will only be there for a couple of weeks.
Tom will only be there a couple of weeks.
Tom is a professional heavyweight boxer.
Tom isn't very worried about that.
Tom seemed a bit puzzled by Mary's behavior.
Tom is walking slowly with his head down.
Tom got expelled from school for fighting.
Tom is trying hard not to laugh out loud.
I'm trying hard not to laugh out loud.
We were expecting you fifteen minutes ago.
Tom will be forced to make a decision.
Tom is much stronger than you.
Tom tried to be careful not to leave any evidence.
Tom is lucky that he didn't lose his job.
Tom is lucky he didn't lose his job.
Tom is sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Tom is sitting three tables away from us.
Tom will be one of the first people to arrive.
Tom got mauled by a dog when he was a kid.
Tom is afraid of hurting Mary's feelings.
Tom is glad that someone agreed with him.
Tom is glad that somebody agreed with him.
Tom is glad someone agreed with him.
Tom is glad somebody agreed with him.
Tom is standing just outside the doorway.
Tom seemed even more surprised than Mary was.
Tom seemed even more surprised than Mary.
Tom is here now, isn't he?
Tom is wearing an orange prison jumpsuit.
Tom is carrying a briefcase full of cash.
Tom is standing near the end of the line.
Tom is married to Mary's oldest daughter.
Tom has been a teacher for nearly thirty years.
Tom is the only other person in the room.
Tom is sitting on the couch next to Mary.
Tom got hit by a truck and died instantly.
Tom is afraid of what people will think.
Tom is the only one here with me.
Tom is angry because I insulted Mary.
Tom is angry because I insulted him.
Tom is too scared to tell Mary the truth.
Tom got arrested in Boston three days ago.
Tom is home with Mary.
Tom is home with Mary now.
Tom will probably be dead by the time the ambulance gets here.
Tom is expecting Mary to come by herself.
Tom is holding a knife in his right hand.
Tom is sitting at the counter by himself.
Tom got hit by a car in Boston last month.
Tom is a very picky eater.
Tom is a lot busier than I am today.
Tom is the one who planted these flowers.
Tom is the one that planted these flowers.
Tom isn't the one who planted these flowers.
Tom isn't the one that planted these flowers.
Tom wasn't the one who planted these flowers.
Tom wasn't the one that planted these flowers.
Tom was the one that planted these flowers.
Tom is afraid Mary might change her mind.
Tom is afraid that Mary might change her mind.
Tom is still weak after his long illness.
Tom is obviously trying to cheer Mary up.
Tom is waiting for me in the parking lot.
Tom is upset because Mary laughed at him.
Tom is talking to Mary about her new car.
Tom wasn't first one to turn in his homework.
Tom got caught drinking on school grounds.
Tom lay awake all night, thinking of Mary.
Tom lay awake all night, thinking about Mary.
Tom is the only one who can to do that.
Tom is probably the only one who can to do that.
Tom is stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Tom is sitting on the floor, watching TV.
Tom will released from prison next October.
Tom got fired for being rude to customers.
Tom got caught trying to steal Mary's car.
Tom is standing in line in front of Mary.
Tom is the one who found my contact lens.
Tom is the one that found my contact lens.
Tom was the one that found my contact lens.
Tom got shot three times with his own gun.
Tom has been confined to a bed for three months.
Tom is married, but he doesn't wear a ring.
Tom is reading a letter written in French.
Tom has been sick in bed for about three months.
Tom has been sick in bed about three months.
Tom is holding something in his left hand.
Tom is standing in the middle of the room.
Tom wasn't ever very good at speaking French.
His name wasn't mentioned.
He was disappointed that his name wasn't mentioned.
Was I mentioned in the article?
Tom is supposed to be in Boston next week.
Tom is sitting on a crate, playing guitar.
Tom is sitting across the table from Mary.
Tom is lying on the couch, reading a book.
Tom is afraid that people will judge him.
Is it that important that your work is mentioned in the president's speech?
Tom said he'd be ready to go as soon as we get there.
Tom is the second-best hitter on the team.
Tom is really skinny.
Tom has been a basketball coach for three years.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to tell the truth.
Tom couldn't get Mary to tell the truth.
Why weren't last night's attacks mentioned in the news?
I was shocked when Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom is expecting Mary to help him do that.
Tom is hoping something good might happen.
Tom should be able to do everything he has to do.
Tom should be able to do everything he needs to do.
Tom should be able to do everything he supposed to do.
Tom is the only one not wearing a costume.
Tom isn't the only one not wearing a costume.
Tom wasn't the only one not wearing a costume.
Tom got arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Tom got punished for not telling the truth.
Tom got punished for lying.
If her name hadn't been mentioned, I would have thought that she perished in the fire.
Tom will likely be one of the last people to get here.
Tom will probably be one of the last people to get here.
Tom is carrying an umbrella under his arm.
Tom has been sentenced to one year of probation.
Tom wasn't the first person to enter the cave.
Tom won't be the first person to enter the cave.
Tom will be the first person to enter the cave.
Tom is supposed to go to Boston on Monday.
Tom wasn't the first person here this morning.
Tom is the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom isn't the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom wasn't the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom won't be the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom is afraid the police might arrest him.
Tom is afraid the police will arrest him.
Tom is afraid he's going to look stupid.
Tom is lucky his toast fell right side up.
Tom got badly injured in a traffic accident.
Tom is eating lunch with Mary now.
Tom was't the first boy to kiss Mary..
Tom got shot when he surprised the burglars.
Tom is hoping that Mary will smile at him.
Tom is hoping Mary will smile at him.
Tom is with an old friend from high school.
Tom is holding something in his right hand.
Tom is exactly where Mary said he'd be.
Tom was exactly where Mary said he'd be.
Tom is the one who designed these costumes.
Tom is the one that designed these costumes.
Tom will be paid thirty dollars for doing that.
Tom will be paid thirty dollars if he does that.
Tom got upset when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom is sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
Tom wasn't the first one to donate money to us.
Tom got arrested when he crossed the border.
Tom is scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom is afraid to go in the cave by himself.
Tom wasn't scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom isn't scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom is working in his office now.
Tom has been a butcher in Boston for three years.
Tom is self-conscious about his appearance.
Tom is the one who came up with the design.
Tom is the one that came up with the design.
Tom was the one that came up with the design.
I think I have enough money to retire.
I think that I have enough money to retire.
Tom is very anxious to get rid of that car.
Tom has been in his room all afternoon, studying.
Tom is the only one who offered to help me.
Tom isn't the only one who offered to help me.
Tom wasn't the only one who offered to help me.
Tom has been in prison for more than three years.
Tom is scared to tell Mary where he's been.
Tom should be able to do that in less than a week.
Tom is afraid that somebody will hear him.
Tom is afraid that someone will hear him.
Tom is afraid somebody will hear him.
Tom is afraid someone will hear him.
Tom got arrested in the middle of the night.
Tom is eating by himself at a corner table.
Tom has been sentenced to thirty years in prison.
Tom is sitting at his desk, doing his work.
Tom will be late for class, as is often the case.
Tom is only one of Mary's many stepchildren.
Tom is determined to make the football team.
Tom got caught joyriding in a stolen vehicle.
Tom is still quite good-looking.
Tom is sitting near a very attractive woman.
Tom got bitten by a dog when he was thirteen.
Tom got bitten by a dog when he was thirteen years old.
Tom is satisfied with how things turned out.
Tom is standing at the bar, drinking a beer.
Tom is sitting under a tree, reading a book.
Tom is afraid he'll hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom is afraid that he'll hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom wasn't able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom should be able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom is the only one who isn't at the party.
Tom is the only one that isn't at the party.
Tom is extremely popular with all the girls.
Tom is very popular with all the girls.
Tom is popular with all the girls.
Tom is the only boy Mary invited to her party.
Tom is the only boy that Mary invited to her party.
Tom is different from the other kids.
Tom isn't the only one who knows where Mary is.
Tom is the only one that knows where Mary is.
Tom isn't the only one that knows where Mary is.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where Mary was.
Tom wasn't the only one that knew where Mary was.
Tom was the only one that knew where Mary was.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary her first kiss.
Tom works on a farm not too far from here.
Tom is sitting on the porch, reading a book.
Tom is on the porch, reading a book.
Tom will be surprised how hard it'll be to do that.
Tom will be surprised how difficult it'll be to do that.
Tom will likely be very tired when he gets home.
Tom has been a construction worker for many years.
Tom is supposed to visit Boston next summer.
Tom is going to visit Boston next summer.
Tom is planning to visit Boston next summer.
Tom plans to visit Boston next summer.
Tom will to visit Boston next summer.
Tom has to visit Boston next summer.
Tom needs to visit Boston next summer.
Tom wants to visit Boston next summer.
Tom will only be in Boston for a couple of weeks.
Tom will only be in Boston a couple of weeks.
Tom is certain Mary can understand French.
Tom is certain that Mary can understand French.
Tom is sure Mary can understand French.
Tom is sure that Mary can understand French.
Tom isn't sure if Mary can understand French.
Tom isn't sure whether Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't know if Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can understand French.
Tom is certain that Mary can speak French.
Tom is certain Mary can speak French.
Tom is sure that Mary can speak French.
Tom isn't sure if Mary can speak French.
Tom wasn't shocked by what Mary suggested he do.
Tom got carried off the field on a stretcher.
Tom is the reason that Mary moved to Boston.
Tom got caught sneaking into a movie theater.
Tom got stopped for breaking the speed limit.
Tom is afraid of being captured by the enemy.
Tom got booed by a number of audience members.
Tom is the most unpopular boy at school.
Tom is obviously devastated by what happened.
Tom got released from prison three months ago.
Tom is the only one that knows where Mary went.
Tom is lucky he didn't get seriously injured.
Tom is lucky that he didn't get seriously injured.
Tom is fatter now than he was three years ago.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the work Mary had done.
Tom wasn't the first one to turn in his homework.
Tom wasn't able to escape from the burning plane.
Tom is angry because I didn't agree with him.
Tom is obviously in a hurry to get that done.
Tom is having lunch with Mary on the veranda.
Tom is eating lunch with Mary on the veranda.
Tom is sitting all by himself at the counter.
Tom should be able to do everything he should to do.
Tom should be able to do everything we've asked him to do.
Tom is lucky that someone will help him do that.
Tom is lucky someone will help him do that.
Tom is lucky somebody will help him do that.
Tom is lucky that somebody will help him do that.
Tom is the one who told me to read this book.
Tom is the one that told me to read this book.
Tom is the one who suggested that I read this book.
Tom is the one who suggested I read this book.
Tom is working as an interpreter this summer.
Tom used to be your boyfriend, right?
Tom is a very rich man now.
Tom got ticketed for passing on a yellow line.
Tom is absolutely certain Mary is in Boston.
Tom is absolutely certain that Mary is in Boston.
Tom wasn't able to swim across the river.
Tom should be able to swim across the river.
Tom probably won't be able to swim across the river.
Tom is supposed to come to Australia with me.
Tom is afraid to tell Mary what happened.
Tom is a real heartbreaker.
Tom is worried his cat will never come back.
Tom is worried that his cat will never come back.
Tom is the last person I'd expect to see there.
Tom is the last person that I'd expect to see there.
Tom is in Boston this week on a business trip.
Tom will be in Boston next week on a business trip.
Tom is afraid that Mary will change her mind.
Tom is afraid Mary will change her mind.
Tom is drinking coffee out of a Styrofoam cup.
Tom is drinking coffee out of a paper cup.
Tom is able to recite the whole poem by heart.
Tom is wearing a mask to conceal his identity.
Tom is supposed to be here in about thirty minutes.
Tom will likely be here in about thirty minutes.
Tom will probably be here in about thirty minutes.
Tom is supposed to come into the office today.
Tom got arrested in Boston yesterday afternoon.
Tom is absent from school because he's sick.
Tom wanted to know what Mary's secret was.
Tom got shot while robbing a convenience store.
Tom wasn't invited to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom isn't strong enough to swim across the river.
Tom is being really careful not to spill his coffee.
Tom is reading the book that Mary gave him.
Tom is painting the fence now.
Tom is painting the fence.
Tom is working just as hard as everybody else.
Tom doesn't work as many hours as I do.
Tom got arrested for driving without a license.
Tom is wearing a blue and white striped shirt.
Tom got arrested by an off-duty police officer.
Tom seemed shocked by what Mary said he should do.
Tom seemed shocked by what Mary advised him to do.
Tom is convinced he'd doing the right thing.
Tom is convinced that he'd doing the right thing.
Tom is waiting for his parents to pick him up.
Tom is teaching French in Australia this year.
Tom is the one who drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom is the one that drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom is the one who'll drive Mary to the hospital.
Tom is the one that'll drive Mary to the hospital.
Tom has been married to Mary for almost three years.
Tom is sure that Mary knows she has to do that.
Tom is sure that Mary knows that she has to do that.
Tom is sure Mary knows that she has to do that.
Tom is sure Mary knows she has to do that.
Tom is the last person I expected to see here.
Tom got arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Tom is a French native speaker.
Where did you get this row boat?
I asked Tom to come over for lunch.
I studied French in high school.
Tom ran down the street, shouting.
Tom learned French really fast.
When did they build this bridge?
All the speeches were in French.
Tom didn't even introduce himself.
I taught French for three years.
We've decided to go to the mall.
We decided to go to the mall.
Tom is pretty fluent in French.
We have to keep our dog tied up.
We have a French test tomorrow.
Tom didn't do anything to stop it.
Both of my parents speak French.
My parents both speak French.
Tom didn't come home last weekend.
Tom came home last weekend.
All the documents are in French.
All the documents were in French.
Not all of the documents were in French.
Some of these documents are in French.
Tom and I took French together.
You speak French extremely well.
I thought Tom handled himself well.
I thought that Tom handled himself well.
Writing this report wasn't easy.
Writing this report was difficult.
Writing this report was hard.
Writing this report was easy.
Why is it important to exercise?
I really like hanging out with Tom.
Who else do you have to talk to?
Who else do you need to talk to?
I had to help Tom carry some boxes.
Where did you get this umbrella?
I can't believe we let Tom do that.
I can't believe that we let Tom do that.
My favorite language is French.
How can I tell if a boy likes me?
I seldom read novels in French.
I hardly ever read novels in French.
I almost never read novels in French.
I wanted Tom to help me wash the car.
How are we going to pay for this?
I want Tom to come over for dinner.
I asked Tom to come over for dinner.
Do you have any younger brothers?
Do you have any younger sisters?
I want Tom to say that he loves me.
I want Tom to say he loves me.
I want Tom to take out the garbage.
How long are you going to be out?
Tom wrote an essay in French.
How far is your school from here?
I want Tom to meet me after school.
How far is it to the post office?
Tom told me a joke in French.
How did you get into this school?
I want Tom to know he can trust me.
I want Tom to know that he can trust me.
British voters overwhelmingly re-elected a prime minister who wrote a racist novel in which, among other things, Jews control the media and elections.
British voters overwhelmingly re-elected a racist, antisemitic, and Islamophobic prime minister.
"Where's my breakfast?" "You're sitting on it."
Why did you make that call?
I'm not the maid. I'm his wife.
I don't give a fuck about Jesus.
We reserved him a good seat.
Don't worry. You'll get a fair trial.
They arrested the black guy and let the white guy go.
I had a sandwich.
The sandwich can wait.
She's a good maid.
She's a good cook.
He got a hundred dollar raise.
I've really been practising for a long time for that tournament.
Have you ever won a trophy?
This is my favorite soap opera.
This is just a silly superstition.
He's speaking in a silly voice.
He's speaking in a silly accent.
This is what life is all about.
Make us some sandwiches.
"I'm tired." "I'm the one who should be tired."
Bring me some ketchup.
He tried to say something in Berber.
It can be postponed.
I forgot about something.
My girlfriend mentioned buying a new watch.
Fewer and fewer Poles want to work as strawberry pickers.
Surveillance is liberty.
Tom is good at maths.
Mary changed Tom's nappies.
I like haggling.
She's drinking coffee.
God forbids to mention the names of other gods.
I don't read his novels.
I don't know if it's love or not.
I don't know whether it's love or not.
I don't love Tom any longer.
I don't know when Tom can come.
I don't have much money on hand.
I don't want to reject this claim.
I don't want to clean up dog poop.
I don't have a red cent to my name.
I don't want to reply to Tom's letter.
I don't want to exert myself in vain.
I don't like the way Tom treats others.
I don't know who's good enough for Tom.
I don't know if anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother doesn't think that anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother doesn't think anyone is good enough for Tom.
I don't like anyone to intrude when I'm working.
I don't like anyone to bother me when I'm working.
I don't like anybody to bother me when I'm working.
I don't like anyone to bother me while I'm working.
I don't like anybody to bother me while I'm working.
I don't think Tom will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I don't think that Tom will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I suspect that Tom's opinion isn't different from ours.
I suspect Tom's opinion isn't different from ours.
I suspect that Tom's opinion is the same as ours.
I suspect Tom's opinion is the same as ours.
I suspect Tom's opinion isn't the same as ours.
I suspect that Tom's opinion isn't the same as ours.
Tom felt blue.
Tom hit Mary hard.
Tom drives me mad.
Tom can jump pretty high.
Tom has a picture of that.
Tom has a picture of Mary.
Tom has a picture of his car.
Tom did come here.
Tom heard Mary cry.
Tom made Mary rich.
Tom was making tea.
Tom picked flowers.
Tom picked some flowers to give to Mary.
Tom bought chicken.
Tom bought three pounds of chicken.
Tom forgot to buy chicken.
Tom gave me a doll.
Tom gave a doll to me.
Tom gave a doll to Mary.
Tom heard Mary sing.
Tom played a sonata for us.
Tom kicked the door.
Tom still loved Mary.
Tom had already gone to bed by the time I got home.
Tom is getting taller.
Tom reserved a room.
Tom has a few books.
Tom kicked Mary hard.
Tom has three hundred books.
Tom cooked Mary meals while she was sick in bed.
Tom broke into tears.
Tom acted as a guide.
Tom always buys milk.
Tom always buys low-fat milk.
Tom always buys skim milk.
Tom has a funny face.
Tom has a funny-looking face.
Tom has a hot temper.
Tom had a hot temper.
Tom went on a picnic.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary.
Tom bought a chicken.
Tom bought three chickens.
Tom failed to appear.
Tom failed to come.
Tom failed to show up.
Tom bought a tea set.
Tom tried it himself.
Tom arrived in a car.
Tom understood what Mary said.
Tom didn't understand what Mary said.
Tom didn't seem to understand what Mary said.
Tom found me a seat.
Tom found Mary a seat.
Tom loves Mary, not me.
Tom always looks pale.
Tom has a nice-looking face.
Tom wore a cool-looking hat.
Tom likes the teacher.
Tom doesn't like the teacher.
Tom didn't like the teacher.
Tom can't play the drums.
Tom hasn't been to Boston yet.
Tom hit the ball hard.
Mary can't sew very well.
Tom taught us singing.
Tom became an actor.
Tom weighs pounds.
Tom weighs three hundred pounds.
Tom sings out of tune.
Tom accepted our gift.
Mary has a pretty doll.
Mary is sewing a dress.
Mary is making herself a dress.
Mary is making a dress for herself.
Tom got Mary a new hat.
Tom got a new hat for Mary.
Tom returned Mary's kiss.
Tom may be our teacher next year.
Tom resembles his uncle.
Tom went there to swim.
Tom was pale with fear.
Tom has a tender heart.
Mary likes blue dresses.
Tom only eats lean meat.
Mary wore a blue dress.
Tom sang as he walked.
Tom bowed deeply to me.
Tom is used to cooking.
Tom broke a cup, too.
Tom catches colds often.
Tom knows many proverbs.
Mary chose the blue dress.
Tom has to stop smoking.
Tom needs to stop smoking.
Tom has a bad head cold.
Mary gave birth to twins.
Tom will try it once more.
Tom will try it one more time.
Tom reached for his bag.
Tom prefers quiet music.
Tom likes quiet music.
Tom used to be diligent.
Tom used to be a hard worker.
Tom used to be a carpenter.
Tom used to be a basketball player.
Tom wanted to help them.
Tom is about to go out.
Tom can't write or read.
Tom agreed with my idea.
Tom lives in the same village as Mary does.
Tom lives in the same village as Mary.
Tom lives in the same neighborhood as Mary does.
Tom sang the song as loud as he could.
Tom sang the song softly.
Tom found the money gone.
Tom didn't marry the woman that we all thought that he was going to marry.
Tom didn't marry the woman we all thought that he was going to marry.
Tom didn't marry the woman that we all thought he was going to marry.
Tom didn't marry the woman we all thought he was going to marry.
Tom loves chocolate, too.
Tom called off the party.
Tom canceled the party.
Tom will become a doctor.
Tom handed me the postcard.
Tom handed the postcard to me.
Tom rejected our proposal.
Tom has begun to gain weight.
Tom hard-boiled the eggs.
Tom soft-boiled the eggs.
Tom called me many times.
Tom has called me many times today.
Tom left here right away.
Tom burned his left hand.
Tom took Mary to the lake.
Tom went to the lake with Mary.
Tom and Mary went to the lake together.
Tom and Mary didn't go to the lake together.
Tom didn't go to the lake with Mary.
Tom walked very carefully across the bridge.
Tom crossed the bridge very carefully.
Tom married one of his classmates.
Mary wears a lot of makeup.
Tom turned down my invitation.
Tom turned my invitation down.
Tom was injured in a fall.
Tom was injured in the fall.
Tom gave his father a tie.
Tom gave a tie to his father.
Tom handed Mary his jacket.
Tom handed his jacket to Mary.
Tom hit Mary with a hammer.
Tom met Mary only recently.
Tom met Mary just recently.
Tom met Mary just last week for the first time.
Tom has about books.
Tom has about three hundred books.
Tom has a lot of handkerchiefs.
Tom especially likes classical music.
Tom was washing the dishes.
Tom isn't the one who usually washes the dishes.
Tom bought a shirt for me.
Tom bought me a shirt.
Tom intends to play tennis.
Tom smiled at Mary uneasily.
Mary put the key in her bag.
Mary put her keys in her bag.
Tom has just turned thirty years old.
Tom said his mother's name was Mary.
Tom said that his mother's name was Mary.
I had no idea what Tom was going to say.
Tom won't be back until 2:30.
Tom was carrying an umbrella.
Tom wears very expensive clothes.
Tom hurried across the lawn.
Tom hurried across the field.
Tom explained it to me once more,.
Tom wanted to go out anyway.
Tom greeted us with a smile.
Tom stayed up all night reading that book.
Tom attracted our attention.
Tom was run over by the car.
Mary decided on a blue dress.
Mary decided on the blue dress.
Tom decided to buy the leather coat.
Tom has decided to buy the leather coat.
Tom is wearing a nice watch.
Tom has many valuable books.
Tom has lots of valuable books.
Tom is in low spirits today.
Tom was in low spirits yesterday.
Tom is contemplating a trip.
Tom is contemplating a trip to Australia.
Tom is thinking about going to Australia.
Tom advised Mary to go there.
Tom advised Mary not to go there.
Tom intended to go shopping this morning.
Tom killed Mary with a knife.
Tom made Mary clean her room.
Tom asked Mary to clean her room.
Tom told Mary that she should clean her room.
Tom told Mary she should clean her room.
Tom visits Mary twice a year.
Mary is really into knitting.
Tom took part in our project.
Tom didn't take part in our project.
Tom got married in his teens.
Tom made jam from the strawberries that May gave him.
Tom made jam from the strawberries May gave him.
Tom waited for Mary for hours.
Tom has been waiting for Mary for hours.
Tom has been working night and day.
Tom has been working night and day trying to get the done.
Mary gets prettier every day.
Mary is becoming more and more beautiful every day.
Tom greets Mary every morning.
Tom greets Mary every morning with a smile.
Tom wouldn't give Mary a gift.
Tom wouldn't ever give Mary a gift.
Tom won't give Mary a gift.
Tom writes to Mary every week.
Tom left his children behind.
Tom bought toys for his kids.
Tom bought toys for his children.
Tom bought his kids some toys.
Tom bought some toys for his kids.
Tom left the house thirty minutes ago.
I thought about it for a few minutes and then said no.
Tom went out to buy some food.
Tom can count from one to ten in thirty languages.
Tom took a taxi to the museum.
Tom took a cab to the museum.
Tom advised Mary to save money.
Tom was wearing a strange-looking hat.
Tom cut his hand with a knife.
Tom used to be a very shy person.
Tom hopes to become a designer.
Tom hopes that he can become a designer.
Tom hopes he can become a designer.
Tom wants to become a designer.
Tom came from all the way from Canada to see me.
Tom is coming down the stairs right now.
Tom stood close to his wife.
Tom stood next to his wife.
Tom brought a dictionary, too.
Tom called Mary every other day while he was away.
Tom scolded Mary for being late.
Tom kicked it.
Tom lost face.
The man I met in the park yesterday said that his name was Tom.
The man that I met in the park yesterday said that his name was Tom.
The man that I met in the park yesterday said his name was Tom.
The man I met in the park yesterday said his name was Tom.
Tom will soon catch up with Mary.
Tom took Mary on a fishing trip.
Tom convinced his daughter not to marry John.
Tom flew a kite.
Tom respects me.
Tom likes tigers.
Tom couldn't read the sign.
Tom fixed the net.
Tom usually gets here at noon.
Tom threw his toy at Mary.
Tom lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
Tom made me a suit.
Tom made a suit for me.
I was tired then.
I wasn't tired then.
Tom needs to work hard.
Tom needs to work harder.
Tom dropped one of the vases.
Tom writes scripts.
Tom got well again.
Tom deals in grain.
Tom is running now.
Tom is out jogging now.
Tom will excuse me.
Tom will excuse me, I'm sure.
Tom had no coat on.
Tom wasn't wearing a coat.
Tom got here at 2:30.
Tom didn't get here until 2:30.
Tom wasn't here at 2:30.
Tom can't be as young as you think he is.
Tom can't be as old as you think he is.
Tom wants the money that you owe him.
Tom wants the money you owe him.
Tom is playing out front.
Tom came here again.
Tom came here again yesterday.
Tom will come at noon.
Tom wouldn't leave without you.
Tom went on doing that, even though we asked him not to.
I'm feeling very happy.
Tom became a pianist.
Tom seems to know them.
Tom knew that he was wrong.
Tom stood by himself.
Tom saw a pretty girl in the park and wanted to talk to her.
Tom blew soap bubbles.
Tom is blowing soap bubbles.
Tom lent three books to me.
Tom married one of my cousins.
Tom married my sister.
Tom works us too hard.
Tom works hard for us.
Tom is in his library.
Tom has built a new house.
Tom picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.
Tom works at the bank that I use.
Tom lives there alone.
Tom seldom went there.
Tom rarely went there.
Tom had a strong alibi.
Tom has a strong alibi.
Tom picked up the book.
Tom picked up the book and started reading it.
Tom deals in furniture.
Tom hurt his left hand.
Tom broke his left arm.
Tom rose from his seat.
Tom made me a new suit.
Tom made a new suit for me.
Tom gave me an example.
Tom acted on my advice.
Tom admired my new car.
Tom seemed eager to please.
Tom got the first prize.
Tom won the first prize.
Tom sent a card to Mary.
Tom sent Mary a card.
Tom showed me his album.
Tom showed his album to me.
Tom didn't get Mary's joke.
Tom played with his cat.
Tom laid out this garden.
Tom was the one who laid out this garden.
Tom was the one that laid out this garden.
Tom made a box out of scrap lumber.
Tom leaned on his elbows.
Tom is loyal to his boss.
Tom plugged in the amplifier.
Tom plugged the amplifier in.
Tom lived there all alone.
Tom was seized with fear.
Tom told me not to smoke.
Tom had a tooth pulled out the last time he went to the dentist.
Tom has written the letter, but he hasn't mailed it yet.
How many patrol cars did you see?
How many police cars did you see?
I wanted Tom to get things started.
How many passengers were injured?
I want to make sure that Tom is OK.
How many more spoons do you need?
I want Tom to teach me how to swim.
How many boyfriends have you had?
I wanted Tom to sit down and relax.
How soon is that going to happen?
I wanted Tom to play chess with me.
How quickly can we get this done?
I wanted Tom to loan me some money.
I wanted Tom to lend me some money.
How often do you wash your hands?
How much money did that cost you?
I wanted Tom to learn how to drive.
How much do you think it'll cost?
How much do you think that it'll cost?
I wanted Tom to give you a message.
Don't you see what you've done?
It's no secret that I hate ironing.
It's no secret I hate ironing.
Tell me what you know about this.
I'm overwhelmed.
I'ma bit of a fanatic.
My yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
My wounds aren't self-inflicted.
My wound got infected.
I'm worth about a hundred million dollars.
This project is nowhere near complete.
I'm wondering if any of my kids will remember that today is my birthday.
I'm wondering if any of my children will remember that today is my birthday.
My wife's name is Mary.
My husband's name is Tom.
My wife's name is Mary and my son's name is John.
My wife manages our money.
My wife left me three months ago.
My wife is three years younger than me.
My wife is three years older than me.
My wife has filed for divorce.
Our money is managed by my wife.
My wife often criticizes my parenting skills.
My voice wasn't the loudest one in the room.
My visa expired three months ago.
My visa is going to expire in three months.
My truck was stolen.
My troubles aren't yet over.
Our troubles aren't yet over.
My troubles aren't over yet.
This translation sounds a little stilted.
My timing couldn't have been better.
My timing couldn't've been better.
My three sons still live in Boston.
Tom has told me not to smoke.
Our children are still in Boston.
Our kids are still in Boston.
My third wife was from Boston.
My first wife was from Boston.
I'm the only one who wasn't at Tom's party.
I'm the one who's scared.
My technique could be improved.
My taste in music is similar to yours.
My suspension will end on October 20th.
My suitcases are very heavy.
My suitcases are heavy.
My suitcases are too heavy.
My suitcase is over there.
This one is my suitcase.
This plan is worth considering.
My success was due in part to luck.
Our success was due in part to luck.
Tom has broken his left arm.
That strategy paid off.
My stay in Boston lasted three weeks longer than I expected.
My spoken French is pretty good, I think.
My spelling is terrible.
I'm not very good at spelling.
My son has been kidnapped.
My son has been kidnapped again.
My sister's name is Mary.
My sister Mary is now in Boston.
Your sister is younger than mine.
Your brother is older than mine.
My silence made Tom even angrier.
My silence made Tom angry.
These shoes don't fit me very well.
Your shirt's really dirty.
My shift starts at noon.
My textbooks cost me a lot.
These textbooks cost a lot.
My salary is much higher than yours.
My room is much smaller than yours.
Your room is a lot cleaner than mine.
Your room looks pretty clean.
My room is tiny.
My room is only slightly larger than yours.
My room is a lot messier than yours.
My request was granted.
Our rent is three hundred dollars a month.
My real name isn't Tom.
Your pronunciation is very good.
Your pronunciation isn't very good.
Our problems aren't over yet.
My problems are nothing compared to yours.
My priorities are different.
My requests were ignored.
That plan won't work.
That plan wasn't a good one.
My plan was to leave early.
My plan was to ask Tom to do that.
My parents won't be there.
My parents were very strict.
My parents were very permissive.
My parents were upset.
My parents were both teachers.
My parents were asleep when he got home.
My parents were both asleep when I got home.
Both of my parents were asleep when I got home.
My parents usually speak French to each other.
My parents almost always speak French to each other.
My parents think that I'm still too young to go downtown by myself.
My parents think I'm still too young to go downtown by myself.
My parents own a music store.
My parents often argue.
My parents often fight.
My parents often shout at each other.
My parents live near Boston.
My parents live in log house.
My parents let me do whatever I want.
My parents let me do whatever I want to do.
I'm a bit of a coward.
I'm a lot bigger than you.
I'm a lot happier since I've changed jobs.
I'm a lot happier now that I've changed jobs.
I'm a lot happier now I've changed jobs.
I'm a lot smarter than people think I am.
My achievements speak for themselves.
Your advice didn't help at all.
My room is really small.
My apartment is really small.
My assistant did that for me.
I studied engineering in college.
My background is in biochemistry.
My suitcase is near the door.
I've been working for minimum wage most of my life.
I've been working on this report since Monday.
My best friend is from Australia.
One of my best friends is from Australia.
My car was green before I got it painted black.
My birthday is in October and my brother's is in November.
My birthday is next Monday.
My birthday was last Monday.
My birthday is October twentieth.
My birthday is the same as yours.
My boss is younger than me.
My boss is younger than I am.
My brother used to be a lawyer.
My car cost a lot more than yours.
My car cost a lot more than your car.
My pickup truck has seen its better days.
My van has tinted windows.
Your car's a lot older than mine.
My SUV is only a few years older than yours.
Your car is parked illegally.
My car is parked in front of yours.
My car is parked in front of your car.
Your car is parked next to mine.
Drink some coffee.
Your car is parked next to my car.
My van is three years older than yours.
My van is three years older than your van.
My van isn't where I parked it.
Your SUV must've cost you a lot.
He's drinking coffee.
My jeep got stuck in the mud.
This car won't last much longer.
My children are in the pool.
My kids are in the pool.
I allow my children to do what they want.
I let my children do what they want.
I let my kids do what they want.
I let my children do what they want to do.
I let my kids do what they want to do.
I allow my children to do what they want to do.
My children have a lot more toys than yours do.
My children have a lot more toys than your children do.
My kids have a lot more toys than yours do.
My kids have a lot more toys than yours.
My children have been kidnapped.
My kids have been kidnapped.
My classmates made fun of my accent.
My classmates made fun of me.
My closet is full of junk.
My closet is full of junk that I don't need.
My closet is full of junk I don't need.
My closet is full of junk that I never use anymore.
My closet is full of junk I never use anymore.
Your complaint wasn't the first that we received.
Your complaint wasn't the first we received.
My computer got hacked.
This computer is already three years old.
My computer isn't responding.
My contract expires October twentieth.
My contract expires on October twentieth.
My contract isn't likely to be renewed.
My cup is empty.
My curiosity got the better of me.
My daughter is getting married.
Tom's daughter is getting married to Mary's son.
Tom is afraid people will judge him.
You're the only one that can help us.
When I grow up, I want to be a rich man.
How much does the ticket cost?
We are playing cards to kill time.
I have never seen her wear jeans.
Happy Chanukah!
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Hanukkah!
Happy Hanukah!
Happy Hanukah.
Tom works at a cafe as a barista.
Tom learned how to make latte art.
Tom practices making latte art every day.
They're eating.
The use of robots in the U.S. workplace more than doubled from to 2017, the bulk of them in manufacturing.
Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Wisconsin have the highest concentration of robots, primarily in manufacturing.
These industrial robots tend to perform repetitive tasks, such as assembly and packaging, or sealing, welding and painting, at a very fast rate.
Marine biologist Lara Muaves witnessed the impact of climate change firsthand this year, when two devastating cyclones tore through her native Mozambique, leaving hundreds dead, including her best friend.
Across the planet, young people are leading the fight against climate change, prodding leaders and their parents to take action.
Sixteen-year-old Greta Thunbergnamed Time magazine's Person of the Yearhas catalyzed a once-lonely school climate strike into a worldwide weekly movement gathering tens of thousands of fellow teenagers.
Only four in Africans have ever heard the term climate change, according to a Afrobarometer survey.
Swedish teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg has been named Time magazine's Person of the Year for 2019.
Thunberg is the youngest person to win the award after quickly evolving into one of the world's most prominent climate change activists.
Thunberg's straightforward speaking style captured the attention of world leaders, resulting in invitations to speak at several high-profile events, including at the United Nations and before the United States Congress.
During her appearance before U.S. lawmakers, Thunberg, who has Asperger syndrome, refused to read prepared remarks. She, instead, submitted the U.N.'s global warming report to them and declared, "I don't want you to listen to me. I want you to listen to the scientists, and I want you to unite behind the science."
One of her most memorable moments came at the U.N. Climate Change Summit in September, when she berated U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and other world leaders, declaring they had stolen her "dreams of childhood" with their "empty words."
"We are in the beginning of a mass extinction," she said, "and all you can talk about is money and fairy tales of eternal economic growth. How dare you!"
Those words resonated worldwide, energizing climate change activists and sparking a series of prompting scornful reactions from others.
If you think online sales are poised to take over in-store purchases anytime soon, think again.
Although the retail landscape in the United States can look dire  with many malls and individual retailers closing up shop  the reality is that just 11% of all retail sales occur online.
Walmart is a dominant retailer in the United States.
Gabon has invested millions of dollars to fight the poachers and protect its unique wildlife.
The number of park rangers has grown from about to 850.
Despite the increased investment, the country is losing about elephants each month to poachers.
The more Gabon has resisted the poachers, the more dangerous the fight has become for the eco-guards. Officials say gunfights are a "commonplace" occurrence for rangers.
"You never know whether you will get out alive," he said.
Beginning last year, a small U.S. Army team from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, has been training Gabonese eco-guards on how to improve techniques used to capture poachers and preserve evidence. The team also taught planning skills, land navigation and how to protect human rights.
"We not only help them preserve the wildlife, at the same time, we're disrupting criminal organizations, and we're helping them develop a better future," Air Force Colonel Chris Karns, director of public affairs for U.S. Africa Command, told VOA.
My employees are waiting for me.
Lights go down.
Upon the confession of your faith, I baptise you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Are you alone at home now?
My daughter is out on her first date.
My doctor advised me not to eat between meals.
My doctor advised me to exercise more.
My doctor told me not to eat between meals.
My dog can swim quite well.
My dog followed me to school.
My dog is a pretty good swimmer.
My dog isn't housebroken yet.
My dog isn't yet housebroken.
My dog sleeps in my son's room.
My dog swims quite well.
I went to bed a little after midnight.
Your enthusiasm is contagious.
Somebody stole Tom's euphonium.
While diving, I discovered the dead body of a drowned person.
Our Milky Way is a galaxy.
The queen is an ant with wings.
The boy took the cheese out of its wrapper and spread it on the tostada.
The boy took the cheese out of its wrapper and spread it on the toast.
I think she'll come.
My father has four brothers.
My father has four siblings.
You really are hardworking!
The salt, please.
The resurrection of Christ!
In antiquity, cauterization was the most used method for stopping serious hemorrhages.
Tom is sitting on the floor playing his bongos.
Tom is hoping Mary won't find out the truth.
Tom is hoping that Mary won't find out the truth.
Tom is worried that you won't like his gift.
Tom is worried you won't like his gift.
Tom is wondering if Mary would go out with him.
Tom is in almost every picture in Mary's album.
Tom got gunned down just outside the courthouse.
Tom is carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
Tom will be carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
Tom is the one carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
You'll be able to spot Tom easily. He'll be the one carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
I'm in no particular hurry to get back home.
Tom seems to be in no particular hurry to get back home.
Tom is wearing flip-flops and a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom is very angry at Mary and refuses to speak to her.
Tom was very angry at Mary and refused to speak to her.
Tom got bullied at school because of his weight.
Tom is convinced Mary no longer loves him.
Tom is sitting on the porch and reading a book.
Tom ran down the street drunk and naked.
I'm starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to do what I wanted him to do.
Tom is afraid he might be expelled from school.
Tom is afraid he might get expelled from school.
Tom seemed surprised when he saw Mary at the party.
I was surprised to see Tom at the party.
Tom was surprised to see Mary at the party.
Tom has been overweight for a long time.
Tom is wearing an old T-shirt with holes in it.
Tom will be the first to come and the last to leave.
Tom is always one of the last people to finish eating.
Tom is always one of the last to finish eating.
Tom is drunk and doing things he shouldn't be doing.
Tom is afraid that he's going to look stupid.
Tom is afraid that he might look stupid.
Tom is afraid he might look stupid.
The thin hook gave under the weight of the picture and ended up twisted.
Tom has hit me.
Fifteen minutes have passed.
He was late for dinner.
My cursive is incomprehensible, which is why I print when I write.
I like to eat meat with vegetables at lunch.
The old lady is waiting for the bus that takes her to the gym.
That's not a cold; it's bronchitis.
I like to go barefoot.
I exercise during the day and at night, but I prefer to exercise in the morning.
Tom is smart enough to listen to Mary's advice.
Tom is the sort of man you could get along with.
Tom is the sort of man anyone could get along with.
Tom is the sort of man anybody could get along with.
Tom got scolded by his boss getting to work late.
Tom is happy that his landlord lowered the rent.
Tom is happy his landlord lowered the rent.
All you have to do is place the purchases in the bag.
Tom is smart not to sell his house now.
Tom is sitting on the porch, reading a magazine.
Tom is standing in front of the guest room door.
All the parents were present at the kids' school celebration.
Tom is my younger brother's roommate.
You asked me for a conversation, sir. I'm listening.
Tom got transferred to the head office in Boston.
Tom will be transferred to the head office in Boston.
Tom is going to be transferred to the head office in Boston.
Tom got offered a leading role in a horror movie.
Tom is the only one not invited to Mary's party.
Tom isn't the only one not invited to Mary's party.
Tom is probably the shortest person in the room.
Tom is likely the shortest person in the room.
Tom is probably the tallest person in the room.
She's making a big mistake.
The link appears on the screen.
Tom is probably the heaviest person in the room.
The link shows on the screen.
Tom is likely the tallest person in the room.
Tom is likely the heaviest person in the room.
Tom is afraid he might do something that he'll regret.
Excuse me, do you know what the forecast is for tomorrow?
The link is shown on the screen.
Tom is afraid that he might do something that he'll regret.
Tom is afraid that he might do something he'll regret.
Tom is afraid he might do something he'll regret.
The driver is going at one hundred ten kilometers per hour.
Tom is the one who suggested that we try it this way.
The driver is going at km/h.
Tom is the one who suggested we try it this way.
Tom is the one that suggested that we try it this way.
Yesterday Leonard observed a strange UFO in the sky.
This automobile only traveled kilometers.
Tom is the one that suggested we try it this way.
The police caught him.
Parasites are dangerous.
Tom is wearing a black hat today.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.
Full screen.
Tom seemed unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.
Not bad, eh?
Tom is a very good skier now.
I have no one to practice my English with.
Tom got killed in a traffic accident last winter.
I don't have anyone to practice my English with.
We know that isn't the way we should do it.
Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary is.
She sat down.
Tom is afraid that he might get expelled from school.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play tennis.
Tom is the one that taught me how to play tennis.
Losing weight doesn't have to mean suffering.
Tom is still in junior high school.
Tom is responsible for everything.
Tom is in his room, playing games.
Tom is quite concerned about what's happening.
Tom is thinking about telling Mary he loves her.
Tom is the one who convinced me to learn French.
Tom is the one that convinced me to learn French.
I often watch movies in French.
I don't often watch movies in French.
I wanted Tom to tell you something.
I need to study French grammar.
I couldn't get the door unlocked.
I wasn't able to get the door unlocked.
I wanted Tom to tell me what to do.
I have French class on Mondays.
I couldn't figure out what to do.
I wasn't able to figure out what to do.
I wanted Tom to stop staring at me.
I got a text message in French.
I can't allow you to do that yet.
I won't allow you to do that yet.
I don't speak French that well.
Do you know what the weather forecast is for tomorrow?
You're my familiy.
I really miss seeing Algerians here.
I rarely see Algerians here.
I really miss seeing Algerians here in China.
In Algeria, there's only one people.
This is just a part of my life in Algeria.
I spent New Year's Eve in Algeria.
I spent New Year's Eve with my friends in Algiers.
Trains stop running at midnight.
There are people everywhere in Algeria.
He's not Tunisian. He's Algerian.
He doesn't understand a word of Berber.
I want to learn Berber from a native speaker.
I'm teaching them Berber.
The interview will be in Berber.
I teach Berber to children.
He teaches Berber to adults.
He wants to practise Berber.
He has a higher level of Berber.
I want to listen to you speak in Berber.
Are you coming to Algeria?
Are you coming back to Algeria?
I want to teach Berber to children.
I want to teach Berber to adults.
I wanna talk about my experience teaching Berber in Algeria.
I taught Berber in Algeria for four years.
I also taught Berber in Algeria for four years.
He left Algeria after one year.
His Berber level wasn't very high.
They were eager to learn Berber.
Berber is taught in many areas of Algeria and the separatists certainly can't stop that.
He speaks enough Berber to do that.
He speaks enough Berber to write that report.
He has a very low Berber level.
He really had a higher Berber level.
His Berber is pretty much nonexistent.
Our Berber teacher is really nice.
They have a higher level of Berber.
They have a lower level of Berber.
Berber is taught in many areas of Algeria. Can the separatists stop that?
Berber is now an official language in Algeria. Can the separatists stop that?
I want to come to Algeria now.
Food isn't very expensive in Algeria.
I was in Algeria for several years.
He bought a used car in Algeria.
Winters are brutal in Algeria's high plateaus.
Travel isn't very expensive in Algeria.
Living in Algeria isn't very expensive.
He didn't save any money in Algeria.
Algeria is way cheaper than Japan.
You're gonna save a lot of money in Algeria.
Algeria is definitely for you.
If you want to teach English in a foreign country, Algeria is definitely for you.
Is my girlfriend English?
I've not read all her novels.
He's going to build slaughterhouses in Latvia.
He's going to build abattoirs in Latvia.
He is working now.
Let us have a rest!
What do children play with?
What are the children playing with?
Can I take this to the recycling centre?
What kind of toys do toddlers play with?
Does this go in the recycling bin?
Children play with various kinds of toys.
She's making a huge mistake.
I took the train from Arnhem to Cologne.
Lbeck is famous for its marzipan.
We've learnt our lesson.
Tom pointed a finger gun at me.
I've been vegan for three years.
I've been a vegan for three years.
Can you drink the tap water here?
Is the tap water here safe to drink?
I wouldn't worry about this.
I ate a waffle in Lige.
The battery voltage is low.
Are you guys being serious?
My neighbours bought an electric car.
Do not open the window, or I will be cold.
Gold does not rust.
I'm striking from the 8th to the 12th of December.
I'm striking from December 8th through the 12th.
Is that a stork or a heron?
When are we going to stop?
Do you see the rainbow?
We don't speak English.
He's their only son.
He's her only son.
Who allowed this?
Who allowed that?
He worked as a newsreader before he retired.
Please can I have a carrier bag?
I don't need a carrier bag.
You'll have to pull your weight next week.
Pass me the tea towel.
Nicola used a tea towel to dry the dishes.
He got off on a technicality.
There is a jumble sale on Saturday in the Church Hall.
She was on her way to the jumble sale when she met Pablo.
He has lost his travel card again.
She had an analogue watch.
The shop sold analogue and digital clocks.
I remember a time before chip and PIN.
Can you lend me a tenner until Friday?
Have you got change for a tenner?
Have you got two fivers for a tenner?
Can you pass me the thingy?
I would like scampi and chips please.
In English, the first letter of a proper noun is capitalised.
Happy Zamenhof Day!
Tom hid.
I'm alert.
Mary had twins.
Radical leftism is good, actually.
I'm older.
Tom fired.
I'm weird.
Tom and Mary talked.
I'm uneasy.
Tom met me.
I felt numb.
Tom and Mary were up.
I'm strange.
Tom is bold.
I felt loved.
Tom and Mary were out.
I'm helpless.
Tom read it.
I'm not weak.
Tom and Mary are close.
I forgot that.
Tom replied.
I had to rest.
Tom and Mary got along.
I saw a shark.
Tom watched.
I'm panicking.
Tom and Mary were late.
I'm suffering.
Tom went in.
I got a refund.
I didn't get a refund.
Tom killed Mary's cats.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary's cats.
Tom wasn't the one that killed Mary's cats.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary's cat.
Tom wasn't the one thatho killed Mary's cat.
I nearly cried.
Tom came out.
I'm a rich kid.
Tom and Mary are vegans.
Tom and Mary aren't vegans.
I'm very fussy.
Tom got down.
Tom and Mary have a kid.
I felt so guilty.
Tom hid here.
Tom and Mary were alone.
Tom and Mary were by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't by themselves.
I felt really bad.
Tom was glad.
I found that hard.
Tom gave Mary my number.
I hope that Tom didn't give Mary my number.
I hope Tom didn't give Mary my number.
Tom was nude.
Wish me good luck.
Tom and Mary are trapped.
Tom and Mary were trapped.
I felt really dumb.
Tom blamed me.
I found that weird.
I found that strange.
Tom and Mary didn't talk.
Tom and Mary didn't talk to each other.
What holiday is it today?
What holiday was it yesterday?
Tom did drugs.
I find this awkward.
Tom and Mary locked eyes.
I felt like a victim.
Tom died here.
I felt really uneasy.
I feel really uneasy.
Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary weren't crying.
I felt so humiliated.
Tom drank rum.
Tom doesn't drink rum.
Tom doesn't like rum.
I'm somewhat curious.
Tom and Mary were eating.
Tom and Mary weren't eating.
I felt a little weird.
I feel a little weird.
Tom drove off.
I felt a lot of guilt.
Tom and Mary are siblings.
Tom and Mary aren't siblings.
I felt really awkward.
I feel really awkward.
Tom is now 13.
I found that annoying.
I found that noise annoying.
I find that noise annoying.
Tom and Mary are still up.
I found the test easy.
I thought that the test was easy.
I thought the test was easy.
Tom left, too.
Tom didn't leave, either.
I got bitten by a dog.
A dog bit me.
Tom and Mary eat together.
Tom and Mary don't eat together.
Tom and Mary almost always eat together.
Tom and Mary almost always eat the same thing.
That job kept me busy.
That job will keep me busy.
Tom doesn't like rap at all.
Do you know where you're supposed to park?
Tom and Mary were arguing.
Tom and Mary often argue with each other.
I didn't feel very good about that.
I didn't feel very good about what happened..
Tom needed me.
Tom needed me to do that for him.
I felt really depressed.
I feel really depressed.
Tom and Mary were hugging.
I didn't have much fun.
Tom phoned me.
Tom hasn't phoned me in a long time.
I found that interesting.
Tom and Mary were kissing.
Tom and Mary don't often kiss each other.
I found the light switch.
Tom robbed me.
I gained a lot of weight.
I've gained a lot of weight.
Tom and Mary were leaving.
I forgot to wash my hands.
Tom soon died.
I found that embarrassing.
I find this embarrassing.
Tom and Mary were singing.
Tom and Mary weren't singing.
Tom and Mary aren't singing.
Tom and Mary are singing.
I found that entertaining.
I find this entertaining.
Tom struck me.
I found that rather scary.
I find this rather scary.
Tom and Mary were smiling.
Tom and Mary weren't smiling.
I found that very annoying.
Tom testified.
Tom and Mary were smoking.
Tom and Mary weren't smoking.
I found that a little weird.
I find this a little weird.
I found that a little strange.
I find this a little strange.
Tom wants out.
I've gained a little weight.
Tom and Mary were very nice.
Tom warned me.
Tom and Mary were talking.
I forgot to take my medicine.
I don't usually forget to take my medicine.
Tom was armed.
Tom was armed with a pistol.
Tom was armed with a machete.
I found that hard to explain.
I found that difficult to explain.
Tom and Mary were walking.
I found that really annoying.
I find this really annoying.
Tom was awake.
I found that really stressful.
I find this really stressful.
Tom and Mary were working.
Tom and Mary weren't working.
Tom and Mary aren't working.
I found out who that person was.
I couldn't find out who that person was.
I wasn't able to find out who that person was.
Trust me, Tom.
I found that a little bit weird.
I find this a little bit weird.
Tom and Mary drifted apart.
Tom and Mary have drifted apart.
Tom backed out.
I felt like it was a good choice.
Tom and Mary have a choice.
Tom and Mary don't have a choice.
Tom and Mary had a choice.
Tom and Mary didn't have a choice.
I found that pretty embarrassing.
I find this pretty embarrassing.
Tom berated me.
I found that very hard to believe.
I find this very hard to believe.
Tom and Mary joined forces.
Tom and Mary have joined forces.
I found the box where I'd left it.
Tom came to me.
I found the door to my house open.
I found the door open.
Tom and Mary live downtown.
Tom and Mary used to live downtown.
I've gained a little bit of weight.
Tom emailed me.
We've fired a lot of people this week.
Tom and Mary rode together.
Tom and Mary rode together on the same horse.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles together.
Tom felt loved.
Tom and Mary were drinking.
I get a haircut about three times a year.
I got a haircut last week.
I got a haircut just last week.
Tom had it all.
I got back in my car and started the motor.
I got in my car and started the motor.
Tom and Mary were laughing.
Tom and Mary weren't laughing.
Tom and Mary aren't laughing.
I got myself dressed as quickly as I could.
Tom liked dogs when he was a child.
Tom liked dogs when he was a kid.
Tom and Mary were partying.
Tom said that he liked kids.
Tom said he liked kids.
Tom said that he liked children.
Tom said he liked children.
Tom, are you OK?
Tom looks OK today.
Tom did OK on the test.
It's OK, Tom. It's over.
It's OK, Tom. It's only me.
Thank you, Tom, but I'm OK now.
I hope that Tom is OK.
Somebody should check to see if Tom is OK.
Someone should check to see if Tom is OK.
It's you I need.
Tom is at work now, but he should be home by 2:30.
It's OK to go.
That sounds OK.
That sounds OK to me.
That sounds all right to me.
Does it taste OK?
Don't get mad, OK?
Is it OK with you?
Get some sleep, OK?
It's time to say OK.
I'll be OK by myself.
Is it OK to use this?
I think that it's OK.
Did I sing that song OK?
Does this tie look OK?
Does this dress look OK?
I hope everything is OK.
I hope that everything is OK.
It's OK for boys to cry.
My studies are going OK.
Our project is going OK.
Don't drink too much, OK?
Don't eat too much, OK?
I'll apologize first.
It's OK for a man to cry.
It's OK for men to cry.
Just stop bugging me, OK?
What's wrong? Are you OK?
Please calm down, OK?
Please just calm down, OK?
It's OK for you to be here.
It's not OK for you to be here.
Is it OK if I don't show up?
Is it OK if I don't do this?
Is it OK if I don't stay?
Do I have to stay?
Do I need to stay?
Is it OK if I go for a walk?
Is it OK if I go out for a walk?
Is it OK if I stay home tomorrow?
May I stay home tomorrow?
Let's talk about it later, OK?
It's OK to cry when you're sad.
Let's not talk about money.
Let's not talk about money, OK?
Whatever happens is OK with me.
It doesn't matter to me what happens.
Is it OK if I go swimming?
Is it OK if I go outside and play?
Everything will be OK. I promise.
Is it OK if I borrow these books?
Would it be OK if I borrowed these books?
May I borrow these books?
Would if be OK if I used your car today?
Let's try to speed things up.
Let's try to speed things up, OK?
Everything came out OK in the end.
I don't want to talk about it, OK?
It's OK to take it easy sometimes.
Let's not jump to conclusions, OK?
"How are you doing?" "I'm doing OK."
I believe that everything will be OK.
I believe everything will be OK.
I believe that everything will work out OK.
I believe everything will work out OK.
I believe that everything will turn out OK.
I believe everything will turn out OK.
I need to ask my parents if it's OK first.
Why is it OK for boys to do that, but not for girls?
Please be ready by 2:30, OK?
Please be ready by 2:30.
May I look at those documents?
It'll be OK as long as no one finds out about it.
It'll be OK as long as nobody finds out about it.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's OK.
Would it be OK if I called you tonight?
Stop pretending that everything's OK.
Stop pretending everything's OK.
I assume that it's OK with you if I take one of these.
I assume it's OK with you if I take one of these.
Is it OK if I leave early today?
Would it be OK if I left early today?
"What did you think of the concert?" "It was OK, I guess."
Would it be OK if Tom and I went camping together?
Everything is going to be OK, so there's no need to worry.
If it's OK for Tom to do that, then why can't I?
Would it be OK if I didn't come in to the office today?
Could you take a look at this document and tell me if it's OK?
If it's OK with you, I'd like to leave early.
Tom and Mary were still up.
Tom and Mary are already asleep.
Tom and Mary are asleep already.
I really need to learn French.
All my classes are in French.
None of my classes are in French.
All of my classes are in French.
Tom came here to learn French.
I remember how well you did that.
Tom did that on multiple occasions.
I have a French test tomorrow.
I heard Tom cursing in French.
I've never heard Tom curse in French.
I really enjoy mountain climbing.
I don't really enjoy mountain climbing.
Tom did his best to make ends meet.
Tom does his best to make ends meet.
I have French class on Monday.
Tom said some stuff in French.
I got an A on the French test.
I didn't get an A on the French test.
Tom helped me to learn French.
I read the report very carefully.
I've read the report very carefully.
Tom couldn't figure out what to do.
Tom won't be able to figure out what to do.
Tom wasn't able to figure out what to do.
I had to do that three weeks ago.
I didn't have to do that today.
How long did you study French?
Tom could do anything he wanted to.
I fear something bad will happen.
I think that something bad will happen.
I fear that something bad will happen.
I think something bad will happen.
Tom gave his speech in French.
Tom will give his speech in French.
Tom has been asked to give his speech in French.
I wonder who'll ask Tom to do that.
I wonder who asked Tom to do that.
All my classes were in French.
Tom has done that on multiple occasions.
According to a researcher, alcohol misuse costs Belgian society 4.billion euros annually. That is more than the social cost of diabetes or cancer.
I keep working on and on, and I have nothing to show for it.
They were from Algeria.
He's supposed to be teaching in Berber.
She speaks Berber all the time.
The class will be conducted in Berber.
He conducts his class in Berber.
Berber will have a brilliant future and racism and separatism will be flushed down the toilet.
The leader of the separatists is a racist.
The leader of the separatists is a wino.
The leader of the separatists is a cocksucker.
The leader of the separatists is an asshole.
The leader of the separatists is a certified motherfucker.
The leader of the separatists is a certified dickhole.
The leader of the separatists is a certified cocksucker.
Everyone knows that the leader of the separatists likes to suck cock.
Everyone knows that the leader of the separatists likes deep throat sex.
Are you seeing another girl?
That song was catchy.
I feel too old.
The boxer flattened his opponent in the second round.
Tom didn't come to our last Christmas do at work.
Tom, who was Her Majesty's most charming secret agent, fell in love with Olga, a typist for Brezhnev.
I'm going to go for a walk with my son.
There is no fish there.
Can you tell me more?
Where can I find those stones?
The girls started smiling.
He sleeps like a log.
I don't know anything about this plan.
Some people have two cars.
The teacher teaches, we learn.
I will explain everything to you now.
My opinion about Tom hasn't changed.
Many years later, the author added two more chapters to the novel.
I am learning English.
I am learning Portuguese.
Did he agree with you?
I am learning Russian.
Do you live in the big city?
I am learning French.
I am learning Swedish.
They often call each other.
I am learning Armenian.
I'm learning Armenian.
I am learning Georgian.
I am learning Persian.
I am learning Farsi.
I am learning Greek.
It took two months, three weeks and four days.
I think you refuse to understand.
Wholesale prices are basically flat.
This heat is suffocating.
Did Tom agree with you?
Does Tom agree with you?
Why didn't Tom agree with you?
Do you think that Tom will agree with you?
Do you think Tom will agree with you?
I doubt if Tom will agree with you.
I think the situation is disgusting.
I think that the situation is disgusting.
Tom disguised himself as a plumber.
I saw several men walking my way.
Tom didn't even ask me if I was OK.
This is the signature dish of the restaurant.
My doctor told me not to drink so much coffee.
Where is your French textbook?
I want to get my tattoos removed.
We have French class together.
I'm going to teach you French.
We all wondered where Tom had been.
I thought we should've done that.
We weren't speaking in French.
Tom wants to know why he was fired.
I took French for three years.
I thought everyone did very well.
I thought that everyone did very well.
I thought that everybody did very well.
Tom has done a really stupid thing.
I often read novels in French.
I thought that we should've done that.
Algeria has universal health care.
You can go to Algeria.
Does it rain a lot in Algeria?
TV in Algeria is accessible to everybody.
He lives outside of Algiers.
Do Algerians pay a TV tax?
Traveling within Algeria is relatively cheap.
I met her when I was living in Algeria.
Why are you driving so slow?
I bought this phone in Algeria.
I took these pictures in Algeria.
Algeria is a beautiful place.
My teeth are white.
I took a train to Algiers.
There is a lot of traffic in Algiers.
I went to Algiers by bus.
Do you want to live in Algeria?
Do you want to move to Algeria?
I live here in Algeria.
I filmed this in Algeria.
These videos were filmed in Algeria.
You never forget how to ride a bike.
How are you going to teach Berber if you can't speak it?
They spoke Berber.
What have you been eating in Algeria?
I'm going to have a quick smoke.
Mary was my date to the prom.
He moved to Algiers.
She's speaking Berber.
They wanted to learn Berber.
Why do you like living in Algeria?
I've been living in Algeria for exactly one month.
I lived in Algeria for over four years.
I've only been here in Algeria for four months.
Which country do you most want to visit?
Which cities do you most want to visit?
Which countries do you most want to visit?
Which city in Australia do you most want to visit?
Which cities in Australia do you most want to visit?
I really want to visit Boston.
I don't really want to visit Boston.
Algerian food is amazing.
I'm not interested in visiting Boston.
What would you like to do while you're here in Boston?
What would you like to do while you're in Boston?
Algerian food is frigging delicious.
Clothes are quite affordable in Algeria.
Clothing is a lot cheaper in Algeria.
Algerians are obsessed with soccer.
He opened a gym in Algiers.
Is the post office within walking distance from here?
He runs a gym in Algiers.
Setif is impeccably clean.
How do I turn this computer on?
There are many apartment buildings in Algiers.
There are many apartment complexes in Algiers.
When do you usually have lunch?
They play Algerian music all the time.
Do you watch a lot of sports on TV?
I'm not very good at any sport.
He made lots of videos about Algeria.
The weather is getting a little warmer in Algiers.
Could you tell me a little bit about yourself?
Please tell me about your school.
He lives here in Algeria.
Can you tell me your nationality?
Where are you planning to stay in Australia?
Where are you planning to stay while you're in Australia?
If you have the chance to come to Algeria, you should visit this place.
What kind of person do you want to hire?
What are the things you don't like about Algeria?
She has double eyelids.
The US still has racism.
I didn't speak Berber.
I had a really bad experience with a hotel in Algeria.
I came back to Algeria.
He went back to Algeria.
They're both Algerian.
I'll stick with my decision.
I'm taking the stairs.
I'm going to take the stairs.
Now we're gonna talk about Islam.
Islam is one of the world's major religions.
Donald Trump's antisemitic rhetoric about George Soros incited the Tree of Life synagogue shooting.
Arabia is really dry.
Tom should study French, too.
I wanted to keep my kids at home.
How much money did you get from Tom?
I wanted to keep my chilren at home.
I wanted to get my money's worth.
I want to get my money's worth.
How many fish did you and Tom catch?
I wanted to get my children back.
I wanted to get my kids back.
Could you tell Tom we're on our way?
Please tell Tom we're on our way.
I'll call and let Tom know that we're on our way.
I'll call and let Tom know we're on our way.
Tom studied French in school.
Could you tell Tom that we're on our way?
The mosque is a gathering place.
Islam is a religion of law.
Islam is a religion of conduct. There is no room for hypocrisy in Islam.
Islam is a moderate religion.
Is this intrinsic to Islam?
Islam is an easy religion.
Islamic teachings are clear and simple.
What's your username on Tatoeba?
Damascus is one of the oldest cities in the world.
They charged me a table charge.
Hotel fees are reasonable in Algeria.
Not all Algerians are like this.
I still love living in Algeria.
I'm visiting Algeria.
This is why I love Algeria.
There are so many places to visit in Algeria.
Algeria is my favorite country.
Luckily, I had a power bank with me.
I recommend visiting Algeria.
I recommend going to Algeria.
I've never eaten couscous.
Are there any theme parks in Algeria?
Algeria is a cheap country to travel in.
We come from Algeria.
Finish your couscous.
Couscous is the main course.
He didn't eat much couscous.
He finished his couscous.
I can't finish all this couscous.
Let's share this couscous.
He ordered couscous.
You can customize your couscous.
He didn't eat any couscous.
Does couscous have meat in it?
Does couscous have any meat in it?
Couscous is eaten with meat and vegetables.
Couscous is eaten with meat.
"Couscous" is a Berber word.
She ordered couscous.
Her couscous came.
His couscous is ready.
Do they serve couscous in this restaurant?
Couscous is an Algerian dish.
Couscous is a Berber dish.
Couscous is not exclusively Kabyle.
I eat couscous with fish.
It's OK to eat couscous without meat.
I'm vegetarian and I love couscous.
The kids are eating couscous.
He went to a restaurant where he ordered couscous.
Couscous is a local dish.
I really like this couscous.
There was some couscous in the bowl.
Do you do this in Algeria?
Why do they hate Algeria so much?
Couscous is my favorite Algerian food.
"Arum" means bread in Berber.
You're definitely going to like my couscous.
Do you like couscous?
This doughnut is super oily.
This doughnut is crispy.
I hate crispy doughnuts.
Her doughnuts are very chewy.
Take a bite at this doughnut.
Pack the doughnuts separately.
Pack the doughnuts and the sandwiches separately.
This meat is marinated.
We have a family farm in Algeria.
He has a convenience store in Algiers.
I love cartilage.
This cartilage is very chewy.
It's a story about animals.
I am learning Ukrainian.
I'm learning Ukrainian.
I am learning Polish.
I'm learning Polish.
I am learning Czech.
Tradition is only an excuse for sloppiness.
I am learning Slovak.
I'm learning Slovak.
I am learning Slovenian.
Can I see you after work?
The enemy lured us into a trap.
I'm learning Slovenian.
I am learning Italian.
What a nice girl!
We aren't millionaries.
I'm learning Italian.
She is a famous physician.
What is right and what is wrong?
Many thanks for what you are doing!
Can you help me out by giving me a dollar?
Can you give me a dollar to help me out?
I am learning German.
I am learning Hungarian.
It's up to me to find a suitable person for the job.
To study geography, always use a map.
Mary is too drunk.
I'm not sure that's wise.
The ship sank on its maiden voyage.
When I'm cold, I cover myself, and when I'm hot, I uncover myself.
They love themselves in secret.
An old expression states "He sold a flourishing garden for an old plot."
I want Tom to tell me his opinion.
I want Tom to tell me what he thinks.
Tom is good at playing the violin.
How did that come about?
My birthday is coming up in a week.
Tom is thinking about going to Boston.
Do you enjoy working with other people?
I really want to visit Australia.
When did the Second World War start?
We're trying to raise money to help those whose houses got burned down.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
She's a famous physicist.
I'm happy to say that we were able to do that.
I'm happy to say we were able to do that.
Violence begets violence.
I wasn't in Boston yesterday.
What were your best subjects in high school?
My three sons still live in Australia.
What did you do the last time you were here?
Tom knows lots of proverbs.
We need her support.
We need Tom's support.
We don't need Tom's help.
We didn't ask Tom to help.
Why didn't you ask Tom for help?
Why did you ask Tom to do that for you?
Have you ever tried doing this a different way?
I have something interesting to show you.
I have something interesting to tell you.
I have something that I need to give you.
I have something I need to give you.
I have brown hair and blue eyes.
I still have a cold.
Tom still has a cold.
When was the last time that you had a cold?
Did you have a good time at the party last night?
Did you have a good time fishing?
Did you have a good time bowling?
Tom had lunch with us.
I'll come back again after lunch.
How do you like this one?
I now understand why Tom didn't want to come.
I now see why Tom didn't want to come.
I now understand why Tom didn't want to do this with us.
See you again on Monday.
See you again soon.
See you again next weekend.
There are a lot of beautiful places to see around here.
There are a lot of beautiful places to see in Australia.
What did Tom write in your notebook?
I'll write to you again.
It'll get dark soon.
Nobody likes being punished.
No one likes being punished.
Tom is wearing black.
Tom is mad at his son.
Tom is scared to talk.
Tom is unable to speak.
Tom isn't able to speak.
Tom is a very noisy kid.
I want to keep my kids at home.
I want to keep my children at home.
Tom is my boyfriend now.
Tom is my boyfriend now, not Mary's.
My best friend is from Boston.
Tom is taking a nap now.
Tom is up in his room taking a nap now.
Tom is a church-going man.
How many rooms does your house have?
Tom is a very noisy child.
Have you done everything on your list?
Tom is cooking dinner now.
I didn't feel very good.
Tom is around thirteen now.
The buck stops with me.
Tom is slightly better now.
What's the deepest lake in the world?
Tom is studying French now.
There are three bedrooms in our house.
Tom has been told to go with Mary.
Tom wasn't told to go with Mary.
Tom is very cross with Mary.
Tom is probably thirteen now.
I did that three times last year.
How many rooms does your new apartment have?
Don't get smart with me.
What do you do when you want to unwind?
Tom is sleeping on the bench.
Tom was sleeping on that bench over there not too long ago.
I'm not interested in visiting Australia.
There's nothing more important than this.
Tom is playing the piano now.
Tom isn't playing the piano now, but he was not too long ago.
Nothing of the sort happened.
I share the same view.
Tom is wearing a yellow tie.
Tom is by himself in his car.
You can never have too much of a good thing.
Tom is supposed to know that.
Tom is supposed to already know that.
It's important to know your own weaknesses.
Tom told Mary that he hated her.
Where are you planning to stay while you're in Boston?
Tom is the only guy that I've ever kissed.
Tom is at the end of the line.
I wasn't able to go fishing last weekend.
My house isn't near the station.
Tom is in Australia this year.
What was it like in Boston?
Tom is washing the dishes now.
How many rooms does your new house have?
What did you do the last time you were in Boston?
I'm going to try doing that by myself.
Would you rather eat an apple or a pear?
Which do you like better, apples or pears?
It's no use trying to convince Tom to help you.
Tom and Mary have been playing tennis since 2:30.
I knew Tom before he became famous.
I knew Tom before he got famous.
We should be finished doing this by 2:30.
It might rain soon.
It might snow this afternoon.
It may snow this afternoon.
Do you know what we need to do?
Do you know what we have to do?
Do you know what we ought to do?
Would you please pass me the salt?
Tom is eager to feed the birds.
I'd like to get a new coffee table, but my boyfriend wants to keep the old one.
I'm married to a lovely Algerian rose.
I live in Algiers now.
Everybody is trying to outdo everybody else.
I moved out of Algeria.
I miss Algeria a lot.
She was born here in Algiers.
I grew up in Algiers.
I met her in Algiers.
I looked at what was in Tom's hands.
I would recommend not doing that.
I had to help Tom yesterday morning.
They traveled to Algeria.
We can learn Berber, too.
I was interested in Berber music.
He fell in love with Berber music.
We started touring in Algeria.
The album was recorded in Algiers.
He moved to Algeria for a while.
She loved Algiers.
He has a family in Algeria.
He's stuck in Algeria.
The scene was filmed in Algeria.
Tom is excused, but Mary isn't.
Tom will be excused, but Mary won't be.
We have to save the Berber language.
How long does it take to get there?
What do you think of Tom's guitar playing?
I'm afraid I've got to leave.
I'm afraid I have to leave.
I'd like to visit Australia some day.
At this time, I'm not sure whether I'll go to college or get a job.
I'm afraid that I have to leave.
I don't have Algerian friends.
Tom is here today.
What was it like in Australia?
Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work.
Tom got pulled over by the cops.
Tom got punished for his crimes.
Interestingly enough, that's exactly what happened.
Tom wasn't the only one doing that.
What would you like to do while you're in Australia?
Tom is absent because he has a cold.
Tom almost got run over by a car.
Tom seemed glad that Mary was there.
Tom seemed to be glad that Mary was there.
What did you do that last time you were in Australia?
Tom is in Australia this summer.
Tom got mad at me for being late.
Tom is paid well for doing that.
Tom gets paid well to do that.
What would you like to do while you're here in Australia?
Algiers is an awesome city.
My suitcase isn't as heavy as it looks.
I'm afraid it's going to snow.
Algiers is not like Damascus.
I went fishing three times last month.
Tom is a security guard now.
I'm back in Algeria after living in Turkey for four years.
I'm an Algerian who has lived in Turkey.
Tom plays the piano quite well.
Please tell me how to get to the station.
Tom wants to know more about Australia.
I'm sorry to be calling you so late at night.
What's the political climate in Algeria?
What kind of flower is this?
I moved to Algiers in 2004.
Algerians are now optimistic.
Algerians are now very optimistic and energized.
Algerians have freedom of speech.
I feel safer in Algeria.
Mary is starting to look a lot like her mother.
There is no violence in Algeria.
In the 1990s, Algeria was very unsafe.
In the 1990s, Algeria was a very violent place.
We are both from Algeria.
I asked Tom to open the windows.
Algeria is definitely the safest country in Africa.
I asked Tom to open the door for me.
What did you ask Tom to do?
Public transportation is cheap in Algeria.
I don't live in Algeria.
What's the cost of car ownership in Algeria?
That was the first time I'd ever heard Tom sing.
Algeria is mostly sunny.
Could you show me how to do this?
Travel in Algeria is relatively cheap.
Algeria is ginormous.
I've enjoyed talking with you.
He traveled a lot in Algeria.
He went to Algeria for the first time.
I can live in Algeria.
Algeria is amazing.
It's hot in Algeria.
Algiers is such a wonderful city.
Algeria is a different country.
Algeria has so many different cities.
Do you enjoy your work?
Do you enjoy your job?
I want to go to every wilaya in Algeria.
I want to visit every wilaya in Algeria.
I'm so keen to travel to Algeria.
I'm so keen to visit Algeria.
Let's play chess after school.
He spent four months in Algeria earlier this year.
He spent four months in Algeria.
Who went fishing with Tom?
Tom made several mistakes.
Is it true that cheese is made from milk?
Do you often walk home?
Do you walk home often?
I hope that it'll be fine tomorrow.
Would it be OK if I opened the window?
What's the difference between a dictatorship and a monarchy?
What are some of the differences between a dictatorship and a monarchy?
What are some of the differences between dictatorships and monarchies?
I sometimes forget to brush my teeth after breakfast.
I only caught one fish.
Put on your coat. It's cold outside.
What is and what isn't; the man is but a dream.
The soldiers are in the camp.
You need to pay another three dollars.
You need to pay three more dollars.
I wonder why Tom didn't come.
I wonder why Tom didn't want to come to Boston with us.
Do you usually walk home?
How often do you walk home?
When was the last time you walked home?
How long does it usually take you to walk home?
Did you walk to school this morning?
I sometimes walk to school and sometimes ride my bicycle.
Tom and I soon became good friends.
I climbed Mt. Fuji last summer with three of my friends.
I had to have a tooth pulled out.
I got a tooth pulled out.
You need to get more exercise.
How long were Tom and Mary here this afternoon?
Tom agreed to go with Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't go with Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't go with Mary.
Tom refused to answer all my questions.
Tom didn't even answer one of my questions.
Is it snowing now?
Put it on the desk.
Please put those books on my desk.
I'd like to discuss this with my wife before making a decision.
I'd like to know more about this place.
I'm sorry if I woke you up.
Could you water my plants while I'm away?
It is possible, of course.
I am learning Tajik.
I'm learning Tajik.
I am learning Serbian.
We walk together in the snow.
Blood cannot be washed out with blood.
Teach your children.
We disappear together in the forest.
Are you a foreign student?
Write me if you will come.
I don't dare to tell you the truth.
I am a sheep. You are a sheep. We are sheep.
I am learning Thai.
I'm learning Thai.
I am learning Hebrew.
I'm learning Hebrew.
I am learning Yiddish.
I'm learning Yiddish.
I am learning Albanian.
I'm learning Albanian.
I am learning Korean.
I am learning Mongolian.
I'm learning Mongolian.
They only spoke French to me.
I want Tom to help me in the garden.
Tom is a good French teacher.
Is it windy enough to go sailing?
Tom is a French speaker, too.
My first language was French.
I want Tom to drive, so I can sleep.
I don't often sing in French.
Tom should also study French.
I've decided to watch this movie.
I've decided not to watch this movie.
I want Tom to clean the living room.
I enjoy studying French, too.
Tom read the Bible in French.
I'm the one who chose this color.
I'm not the one who chose this color.
I have to go to French class.
Tom often skips French class.
I'm not talking about that today.
I'm not going to talk about that today.
Would you like to come along with us?
Science has no enemy but the ignorant.
No one here knows my real name.
Nobody here knows my real name.
No one knew my real name when I was in college.
Nobody knew my real name when I was in college.
Are you a member here?
I don't enjoy haggling.
I don't like haggling.
Your dog smells.
I enjoy haggling.
I haven't told anyone in my class where I'm from.
I haven't told anybody in my class where I'm from.
I haven't told anyone in my class what my real name is.
I haven't told anybody in my class what my real name is.
I'll be surprised if Tom shows up.
Tom will be the last person to speak.
Tom is waiting inside his cabin.
Tom is waiting in his cabin.
Tom wants to know more about Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Boston.
We feel the same way that you do.
Tom will be with his friends all day.
I don't need to learn French.
I wanted Tom to do something for me.
Some people are afraid of snakes.
I want Tom to know I don't hate him.
I want Tom to know that I don't hate him.
May I sleep on your sofa tonight?
Would it be OK if I slept on your sofa tonight?
Tom failed his French class.
Tom didn't pass his French class.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't hate him.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't hate him.
The platypus, a small amphibious Australian mammal, is a very shy animal.
Platypuses aren't the only mammals that lay eggs.
Platypuses are very shy animals.
The average weight of a male wolf is kilograms.
How was it made?
I don't use this anymore.
Are you tired, too?
I worked two shifts today.
I'm not using this.
I'm usually more patient than this.
Tom is a freshman in college now.
Give your mom a kiss.
Give your mother a kiss.
Chances are Tom is wrong.
I'm glad you came, too.
What's your job like?
Do you like what you do?
I haven't tried one yet.
Tom is a high school student now.
What kind of fruit should I buy?
What kind of fruit do you want me to buy?
I spend the summer in the mountains.
What did you ask Tom for?
When are you planning on leaving?
When are you planning on moving?
Tom is anxious to see his family.
When do you plan to leave?
Did you study for today's test?
How long have you been out of town?
What are you excited about?
What are you so excited about?
Everyone is here except Tom.
Everybody is here except Tom.
How long to alligators live?
I had a lot to do last week.
I have a lot to do next week.
I only managed to catch one fish.
Tom is just trying to protect me.
Tom got laughed at by his friends.
What happened the last time?
What happened last time?
Tom got shot twice in the abdomen.
Tom got sore at me for being late.
Have you ever played mahjong?
I'm the tallest in the class.
I'm the tallest kid in the class.
I've never tried this before.
This is the first time that I've ever tried this.
This is the first time I've ever tried this.
Tom is surrounded by his friends.
Tom got suspended, but Mary didn't.
Tom is the one who insulted Mary.
Tom is the one that insulted Mary.
Tell the police what you saw.
I told the police what I saw.
The toolbox is in the garage.
My toolbox is in the back of my truck.
Tom seemed desperate to do that.
Tom is very reluctant to do that.
Tom seemed very reluctant to do that.
Everything went as I expected.
Have you been playing mahjong with anyone recently?
I didn't expect that from you.
I didn't wake you up, did I?
We get paid a lot to do this.
Tom returned three days later.
You play the piano quite well.
You're very good at that, aren't you?
Forgive me for being so late.
One of my suitcases is empty.
Why is one of your suitcases empty?
Tom came home three days later.
What kind of fruit do you have?
What was so funny about that?
Do you think that you could help me clean my room?
Do you think you could help me clean my room?
Tom wasn't aware he was being watched.
Tom is beginning to get desperate.
Tom carefully opened the drawer.
I'm the tallest kid in my class.
My birthday is on a Monday this year.
Do you remember where you last saw Tom?
My agent is calling me.
I have something that I need to do after work today.
I have something I need to do after work today.
Tom asked me why I was so angry.
Tom asked me why Mary was so angry.
Tom asked me why I was so happy.
Tom asked me why Mary was so unhappy.
I thought she was a prostitute.
Tom asked me why Mary was so sad.
When I first met her, I thought she was a prostitute.
When I first met you, I thought you were a cop.
What was there to laugh about?
What's there to laugh about?
When do I get to go with you?
What time will I need to get up tomorrow morning?
What time do I have to get up tomorrow morning?
Who did you go to the lake with?
Do Americans love the British accent?
Who did you go fishing with?
Who did you go camping with?
Who did you go hiking with?
Who did you go bowling with?
I love her Kabyle accent.
Who did you go skiing with?
She changed her hairstyle.
Who did you go skating with?
He majored in psychology.
Who did you go roller skating with?
Who did you go ice skating with?
What do you think your greatest strength is as a police detective?
You could've told me that sooner.
I don't have enough money to buy food for my family.
Tom got caught sleeping on the job.
Everyone hates her for her castrating wit.
Tom will be here in Boston next Monday.
Tom is indecisive, but Mary isn't.
I'm going with you to Algiers.
Tom nearly got run over by a truck.
I've known Tom longer than you have.
Her boss is so handsome.
Her new boss is so handsome.
From that tone, I suppose he's with his mistress now.
We're going to Algiers with Skura.
I'm afraid it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom got paid less than he expected.
So who's this guy you're gonna marry?
Tom got paid a lot less than he expected.
Tom didn't get paid as much as he expected.
Tom expected to get paid more.
He's listening to the answering machine.
Tom got paid more than he expected to be paid.
He has big brown eyes.
He has no confidence.
Tom fell and hurt his elbow.
Could you give me another example?
I don't stand a chance.
I had to make a difficult decision.
I had to make some difficult decisions.
This girl is amazing.
I had to make a number of difficult decisions.
Is it OK to open the window now?
Tell me how to get to the station.
Her boss is gorgeous.
Her boyfriend is an accountant.
"What's this?" "It's peanuts." "Penis." "No! It's peanuts!"
How much do you earn a month?
Tom confessed to all three murders.
I need him to win the election.
She has slept with thousands of guys.
Did you make a list of things that you want to buy?
Did you make a list of things you want to buy?
You need some conversation practise.
Have you made a list of things that you want to buy?
Have you made a list of things you want to buy?
Women like that.
Do you like books?
I've seen that movie a hundred times.
How long have you been waiting here?
They spent a lovely time in Algiers.
Tom is usually reasonable, but Mary isn't.
Tom is always respectful, but Mary isn't.
"What's your favorite movie?" "Casablanca." "I love that movie."
What are you doing with this pillow?
Tom will likely be the last one off the plane.
I need some matches.
Tom will probably be the last one off the plane.
He has to drive all night.
This show has billions of viewers.
You spend too much time watching TV.
Make sure you mention your website.
She needs to get her dress ready.
He owns this exact car.
Have you made a list of everything you need?
She has four children.
You need to make a list of what you need.
He hasn't slept in hours.
Can you water my plants while I'm away?
Here's a big surprise.
She's an amazing woman.
I don't know why you're so angry with me.
Give my love to Skura.
My mom wants me to wear her wedding dress.
He doesn't even remember the names of his own children.
My mother wants me to wear her wedding dress.
He designed her Oscar dress.
Tom lent me some books to read over the summer.
He's calling from Algeria.
He's calling from Algeria to congratulate you.
Tom is the only one drinking beer.
This happened years ago.
Tom isn't the only one drinking beer.
He got nominated for an Academy Award.
Tom wasn't the only one drinking beer.
Tom wasn't the only person on the bus.
He's gonna wear diapers.
He has to go to the bathroom.
I think that Tom was too afraid to say anything.
I think Tom was too afraid to say anything.
He could win an Oscar.
His wife is beautiful, too.
How long have you been living in this apartment?
I wouldn't be surprised if it snows tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rains this afternoon.
This show has been recorded in front of a live studio audience.
He's in love with his secretary.
Tom is waiting for us at the gate.
He's in love with his personal assistant.
Tom is worried he'll get lost.
They're probably having sex right now.
Tom is a taxi driver in Boston now.
He fell in love with his personal secretary.
He fell in love with one of his personal secretaries.
Thank God. My prayer has been answered.
I need to tell you something. Have a seat.
The road is very slippery.
I saw her at work.
What's my next move?
He took advantage of the situation.
Tom wasn't aware that he was being followed.
Skura is on her way over.
Tom wasn't aware he was being followed.
Losing forty pounds would be good for your heart.
I have been where you are a bunch of times.
I could've helped if you'd let me know that you needed help.
I could've helped if you'd let me know you needed help.
He touched her cheek.
My mother wants me to get married in her wedding dress.
He looked into her eyes and told her: "You're the love of my life."
My mom wants me to get married in her wedding dress.
Have you eaten your sandwich?
Children are starving in Africa and Asia.
I want to come back here at least one more time before I die.
Millions of children are starving in Africa and Asia.
Could you open the door for me?
He doesn't even remember me coming over last night.
Could you open the door for me? My hands are full.
Her husband is a plane dealer.
He asked his girlfriend to prostitute herself.
He took his girlfriend to a bar.
He wanted his girlfriend to sleep with that guy.
Have you already finished eating your sandwich?
It really hurts my feelings.
Her boyfriend is right.
Do you usually put mustard on a ham and cheese sandwich?
They're not going to use a helicopter.
Tom was born the day his grandfather died.
Her boyfriend is a billionaire playboy.
Luckily, I have her shoulder to cry on.
I still don't know what was causing the problem.
The wine glass has poison in it.
I still haven't figured out what's causing the problem.
They drank their wine.
He didn't drink his wine.
He's really into Skura.
She's in his bed.
She stifled her orgasm.
That's not a real smile.
What's the secret to his job?
It tastes like fish.
He ate human flesh.
She thinks he's the sexiest man she has ever met.
Why did he lose all that weight?
He's not her type.
I'm your worst nightmare.
I'm gonna make your life a living hell.
They haven't heard the last of me.
I'm keeping a close eye on them.
I'll make their lives a living hell.
I'm their worst nightmare.
He needs our endorsement.
Your teacher speaks very highly of you.
They know you eat people.
He really does deserve your endorsement.
I had a look at his Wikipedia page.
Is it true you were on that flight?
He was on that plane.
My friend was on that plane.
He's a fashion designer, right?
He's a pretty good detective.
You're a great girl.
I did my research.
She married a homeless guy.
She's so beautiful, sensitive and caring.
Let's watch the movie.
He got hit by lightning on a golf course.
The storm is really getting worse.
He's flying home today.
A lot of people are gonna die.
It's a bad storm.
It's just a storm.
It was a stormy night.
She thought her boyfriend was having an affair with Skura.
He forgot his keys.
He was on his way to Algeria.
This is Skura, my girlfriend.
The airport was a nightmare.
I will never leave you alone.
He had a long drive home.
This is the new me.
She slept with her mother's boyfriend.
This happened decades ago.
He brought a little souvenir from Algeria.
This island is our new home.
He won an Oscar.
She slept with her sister's boyfriend.
She made love to everyone.
He has found his soulmate.
He doesn't remember having sex with her.
You're lying. What's your game?
"What's your game?" "I don't have a game."
I don't want to hear anything about her sex life.
He is a gigolo.
How did you even meet him?
He bought a Jaguar.
Let this cool breeze calm your anger.
They died in a haunted house.
Her mom hated her boyfriend.
She bought a hideous purse.
He went on a tropical vacation.
He bought a pair of flip-flops.
He put his pajamas on.
He wore pajamas.
Message received.
This dress is so stiff.
I have never experienced such intense pleasure such I have with Skura.
I checked online.
I checked online and I couldn't find anything about him.
I have always wanted my children to be happy.
He was making horrible choices.
He's obviously after her money.
You don't care about my feelings.
When did you have your first orgasm?
His girlfriend is a filthy bitch.
We need to summon the spirits.
Let the seance begin.
Go back to Algeria.
Tell me about the murder.
He couldn't take his stepmother's stubborn attitude.
He looks like he has seen a ghost.
I really could use a drink.
I'm from an island.
They live on an island.
His honesty is one of his leading qualities.
I don't recall such depth of feeling from her.
I give you my blessing.
The storm is over.
His dog is still terrified.
I'll talk to the police.
The bones belong to a girl that disappeared in the 1940s.
"Goodnight, Skura." "Goodnight, sweetheart."
I'm here and ready to work.
He was preparing for an exam.
He smells like a brewery.
He was partying with some friends.
She's joining our sorority.
Sororities raise money for charity.
It's a noble tradition.
Algeria is safe now.
She should work on her look.
This is my first time in Algiers.
He has just got off the bus.
Your hotel is calling.
He made a reservation.
The hotel double-booked his room.
You can stay in my place.
He met her at the bar.
This isn't a hotel.
Go and find a locksmith.
I hate his personality.
He will stay in my room.
This place is so nice.
These are my guests.
Let me show you to your accommodation.
He liked my room.
He can't stay in my room.
He's a messy cook.
He loves his car more than life itself.
Can I use your shower?
He has an overnight guest.
This is our college yearbook.
That club isn't for everyone.
Do you know the secret handshake?
They have a secret knock.
She was accepted by the sorority.
He's a court reporter.
The initiation ceremony is tonight.
They drifted further and further apart as time went on.
She's a disaster.
Why is he all dressed up?
They made out on that couch.
She made out with that boy on that couch.
Please commence with the vows.
He recited the vows in Berber.
Who gave him the password?
The answer is right here.
He destroyed her hopes and dreams.
Why are they so scared of me?
Nothing much to say about that.
Their club is even harder to join.
"Will you marry me?" "Of course I'll marry you."
He faces deportation.
Why are you panting?
"Why are you panting?" "Because I have been running."
Things have started to change.
He told me about his tattoo.
He checked her out when she was naked.
He's about to be kicked out of the country.
He's probably the richest man in the country.
They went back to the car.
We've been together since college.
Pay close attention to this.
He will regret it for the rest of his life.
He swam with the dolphins.
Why is she squealing?
You don't need to be so defensive.
You don't need to be so defensive. We know you're not involved in the murder.
I couldn't open that jar.
Chop us some firewood.
She has mascara all over her face.
I'm going to Algeria with the love of my life.
They canceled the farewell dinner.
You have half an hour to get the cameras ready.
He's a very masculine man.
She ruined her makeup.
She doesn't want to ruin her makeup.
He may not come back to Algiers at all.
He lost the ring.
He has lost a half-million-dollar diamond ring.
Her foundation looks hideous.
That's not her ring.
Her ring has a huge diamond on it.
He lost his ring.
He lost his engagement ring.
They found the ring.
She's the luckiest woman in the world.
Her husband is so rich.
I am learning Esperanto.
Start digging.
There has been a little mistake.
They are such a great couple.
They have been together four years.
We're leaving for Algeria in the morning.
My answer is not going to change.
I heard noises.
He shares his apartment with Salas.
He's going to college.
They need a beautiful and charismatic spokesperson.
This may be a good role for him.
He took her to a bar.
She's a ballerina.
His girlfriend is a ballerina.
He's a private detective and he traps cheating wives and husbands.
He's a doctor and he saves lives.
He donated a kidney.
He's in desperate need for a kidney.
This is a common misunderstanding.
Can kidneys be transferred between adults and children?
He's a civil servant.
He's a fireman.
You're right. Business before pleasure.
"How's your brother?" "Great."
He's a divorced man.
She was wearing a bikini.
He drinks with alcoholics.
He takes steroids.
He learned that the hard way.
You know how women are.
I prefer to date one woman at a time.
She's not a prostitute.
"What do you do for kicks?" "I play video games."
He's my boss.
For professional reasons, you and I can't be lovers.
I'm glad to inform you that your wife isn't cheating on you.
His wife is a faithful woman.
The instructions are in German.
"You never told me about her." "I meant to."
You are the greatest father ever.
Nginx is open source software.
I adore kids.
I can't get this sticky ball out of my hand.
Just give this to your son.
Give this to your son.
I just wanted to talk to my baby.
He moved here in Algiers and he reinvented himself.
I'm writing a story about us.
She has dated actors before.
She has always been an actress.
Tatoeba wouldn't be the right place for you to display your over-inflated ego.
"I love animals more than people." "That's going too far."
Ask him about his dog.
He took the puppies to a shelter.
He rescued the puppies and took them to a shelter.
You are the hero.
He broke into her apartment.
This will keep you in the game.
Let's look at those facts.
She's a drama queen obsessed with fame.
I do love animals.
I love all animals.
Are snapping turtles dangerous?
He was bitten by a snapping turtle.
What are you doing Thursday night?
I have a date with a lovely brunette.
I'll see you on Thursday.
She's dating a fireman.
She's going out with a fireman.
His wife is beautiful.
He has been seeing a therapist.
Where does all this rebellion come from?
Where does all this rage come from?
His career was coming to an end.
His marriage was over.
She's a drama queen who's obsessed with success.
I have a puppy.
Do you want this puppy?
Do you like this puppy?
She's just a shameless flirt.
She's dating a doctor.
Put your shirt back on.
This apartment isn't so bad.
She doesn't fit in that dress.
We're all gonna lose weight.
We all need to lose weight.
I'm honored to be your guide.
Let me guess. You're from Algiers, aren't you?
My husband and I tell each other everything.
I'm majoring in criminology.
"What was that look?" "You're lying again."
He peeps into other people's windows.
You're losing your mind.
He's not a murderer.
He must be having a stroke.
He's a criminology major.
She has beautiful feet.
I had planned something.
I was in labor with Skura.
I was pregnant with Skura.
He hit on Skura's daughter.
He hits on anything that moves.
He break her heart.
That's a risk you all take when you fall in love.
You can use this TV instead.
What is he doing with his hands around Skura's neck?
The door is opening.
The doctor is coming back out.
The doctor and the sheriff are shaking hands.
I used to love cars.
He looks nothing like Nicholas Cage.
He even talks like Nicholas Cage.
This could be considered an emergency.
It's time for tea.
It's time for tea and they're serving orange juice.
His mother has always been bossy.
That's it. This is the last straw.
He was born and raised in a small town.
I don't hear that every day.
"You're a good man." "I don't hear that every day."
"You're an amazing dad." "I don't hear that every day."
I can get you a pizza.
I can get you a sandwich.
He has beautiful feet.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's new president.
Algeria has a new president.
Algeria will never give up to its enemies.
Algeria has many enemies.
Algeria has many haters.
Algerians have elected a new president.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune, Algeria's new president, has just been sworn in.
Algeria will defend its territorial integrity.
Algeria shall not fall apart.
Algeria shall not be defeated.
Algeria shall not go down.
Algeria shall not fall.
Algeria shall not die.
Algeria shall not sink into a civil war.
Algeria will crush its enemies.
Algeria is not scared of terrorist bugs.
Lions don't feed on ants.
Put it where you found it.
Her family is large.
I still don't know what's missing.
I still do not know what is missing.
That's not the answer I hoped for.
This is my answer to the problem.
Nor does that sentence sound bad.
I've heard that Spanish has recently replaced German as the second most learned foreign language in France.
It doesn't affect me at all.
I didn't do it for me.
They didn't do it for me, but for you.
Have you forgotten the password?
Have you guys forgotten the password?
I still remember the first time I came to this town.
I still remember the first time I came to this city.
I still remember when I came to this town for the first time.
I still remember when I came to this city for the first time.
In a couple of days it'll all be over.
I want you to help your parents.
He doesn't speak that much anymore.
She doesn't speak that much anymore.
You don't speak much anymore.
He's gone red.
She's gone red.
Sometimes I have doubts.
No one's perfect, except me.
Nobody's perfect, except me.
She's the prettiest girl in the group.
They all want to be with me.
Everyone wants to go out with her.
Everyone wants to date her.
Get up, you're gonna be late.
Run slower, you're gonna get tired.
Run slower, you're going to tire out.
Put some effort in!
Stop biting your nails already.
They're doing sport.
You are doing sport.
I didn't see her come.
I didn't see her arrive.
They paused.
He's hungry.
She's hungry.
They're missing a player.
We've only lost by a goal.
I'm going by plane.
I go by plane.
He's thirsty.
She's thirsty.
My house is kilometres from the city.
He said that your cousin is very nice, and that he wants to see him again.
She said that your cousin is very nice, and that she wants to see him again.
Are you from a women-only planet?
You are eating meat.
You eat meat.
I eat fast.
He is eating bread.
I wish that on no one.
She sings so well!
I'm happy to help you, if I can.
Were I to have known, I would have acted differently.
Only God can answer that question.
Put your phone on silent.
Turn off your phone.
Please turn off your phone. I don't want to be interrupted.
I don't think of it as a game.
You know how to play this game better than I do.
I have my way of doing things.
We have reached an understanding with each other.
That person who you least expect is the one that puts the dagger in your heart.
I'm happy that he is out of my life now.
He's focusing on his career.
He's moving back into her place.
Does this mean he's moving back into her place?
First, I have a surprise for you.
Tom ripped his trousers.
Aubergine and cheese makes a great vegetarian meal.
In our village, we have kept all the traditions going.
He was raised with so much love.
I drew this when I was in kindergarten.
This happened when I was a kid.
This is a pretty cool gift.
We have no idea what her personal life is like.
Salas and Skura both want the same thing.
We're more than teammates, aren't we?
He landed a consulting job.
I charge legal advice.
I usually charge legal advice.
They were just doing their job.
He has good judgment.
I spent most of my adult life in this place.
I can't believe we're back to square one again.
"When will they marry?" "Never."
"She hit me." "I did not."
"She started it." "I don't care who started what. Just keep it down."
I have no stomach for these things.
Where are we eating?
Where are we eating today?
What's this obsession he has with religious books?
I need my books.
Have you read those books?
They have become good friends.
This is the largest room that we have.
The doctor has to see this.
This cost me forty bucks.
I'm only paying half.
Please leave a message. I'll call you back.
He's a cashier.
They don't like that guy.
Those who kill by the sword shall die by the sword.
Men know that.
Women know that.
Where does he summon all that enthusiasm?
He told her the whole story.
He was doing that to cover his nervousness.
Thanks for the movie.
Your Berber is good enough to jump into a conversation.
He makes funny noises with his mouth.
These are fake facts.
He has a strong Kabyle accent.
Do you have a similar expression in Berber?
Do you have a similar word in Berber?
You need to change your mentality.
This is a fantastic piece of research.
This idea is not true.
Berber and German are two different languages.
They all spoke Berber.
We want to sell our products in Algeria.
Honey, I have a surprise for you.
My great-grandchild is eight years old.
The gold mine is depleted.
Don't spoil this holiday.
People are choking.
The police protects citizens.
Stop eating candies.
Political tension destabilizes country.
Plastic chairs are not very firm.
There's a horrible mess in the garage.
Tonight is your turn.
It's a very large country.
This translation is correct.
Coins are round.
You have to go brush your teeth.
This plush toy is green.
The clock is showing the wrong time.
You've got to wash your hands.
Your pillow is dirty.
This is a plastic cup.
This glass is empty.
This medication causes sleepiness.
Is the knot tied?
Barcelona is located in Catalonia.
Australia is an island.
What are the differences between monarchies and dictatorships?
I don't know what kind of flower this is, but it smells really good.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish this much sooner.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish doing this much sooner.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish this much faster.
If you help me, I'll be able to finish doing this much faster.
This is the first time I've ever heard you sing.
This is the first time that I've ever heard you sing.
I wanted Tom to tell me he loved me.
I wanted Tom to tell me that he loved me.
I wonder who played tennis with Tom.
Tom is eager to get home to Boston.
Tom is hoping that we'll do that for him.
Tom is impatient to see his family.
Tom will be in Australia all month.
Tom got kicked out of the classroom.
Tom is living in Australia this year.
Tom is one of the guys in the pool.
Tom was one of those who got fired.
Tom is only pretending to be angry.
Tom is probably about thirteen now.
Tom is probably about thirteen years old now.
Tom is supposed to be here by noon.
Tom is sure that he can do that again.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary quit her job.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the race.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary won the race.
Tom is the only one who's eating.
Tom wasn't the only one who was eating.
Tom was the only one that wasn't eating.
Tom wasn't the only person in the park.
Tom is the only person in the pool.
Tom isn't the only person in the pool.
Tom wasn't the only person in the pool.
Tom is too busy to help me do that right now.
Tom will be very dirty when he gets home.
Tom will probably be willing to help you do that.
Tom will probably not be willing to help you do that.
Tom will also be present at that meeting.
Tom will be present at that meeting, too.
Tom is anxious to please his mother.
Tom is around thirteen year old now.
Tom got arrested for insider trading.
Tom is aware they're watching him.
Tom is carrying a bag under his arm.
Tom is desperate to get out of jail.
Tom is disappointed with the result.
Tom has been doing that all afternoon.
Tom is wearing an old tweed suit.
Tom got escorted out of the building.
Tom got fired for loafing on the job.
I'd be hesitant to agree to do that.
Tom is hoping that we'll agree to do that.
Tom is hoping that we'll do that with him.
Tom is impatient to leave the party.
Tom will be in Australia for three years.
Tom is just pretending he's tired.
Tom is lucky he's able to do that.
Tom is lucky that he's able to do that.
Tom has been my boyfriend for three years.
Tom wasn't my boyfriend three years ago.
Tom is obviously glad Mary is here.
Tom is obviously glad that Mary is here.
Tom has only been allowed to do that once.
I've never been allowed to do that.
Tom has never been allowed to do that.
Tom will never be allowed to do that.
I'll never be allowed to do that.
Tom is only pretending he's tired.
Tom is still weak after his illness.
Tom is sure that he has to do that again.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom seemed surprised Mary couldn't do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary could do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised that Mary could do that.
Tom seemed surprised Mary won the prize.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary won the prize.
Tom didn't even talk to Mary at the party.
Tom wasn't the first name we thought of.
Tom wasn't the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think that Tom was the first one to fall asleep.
Tom wasn't the first one to notice Mary.
Tom wasn't the last to leave the office.
Tom won't be the last to leave the office.
Tom won't be the last one to leave the office.
Tom won't be the last person to leave the office.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the office.
Tom wasn't the last person to leave the office.
Tom is the only one that I can talk to.
Tom is the only one who was on time.
Tom wasn't the only one who was on time.
Tom is too drunk to help me do that.
Tom is too proud to ask us for help.
Tom is very pleased with the result.
Tom seems very pleased with the result.
Tom seemed very pleased with the result.
Tom didn't seem very surprised that Mary did that.
Tom didn't seem very surprised Mary did that.
Tom wasn't very surprised that that happened.
Tom wasn't very surprised that happened.
Tom wasn't able to answer any of the questions.
Tom is afraid to even try to do that.
Tom will be asleep by the time I get home.
Tom will probably be asleep by the time I get home.
Tom will be at Mary's house all day today.
Tom is convinced Mary should do that.
Tom is convinced that Mary should do that.
Tom is sometimes disrespectful, but Mary isn't.
Tom is eager to get home to his wife.
Tom is eager to get home to see Mary.
Tom will be in Australia for three months.
Tom is often irresponsible, but Mary isn't.
Tom is moving as quickly as he can.
Tom never got punished for his crimes.
Tom didn't get punished for his crimes.
Tom is reading and Mary is painting.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't the first person to help Mary.
Tom wasn't the first person who did that.
Tom is the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom wasn't the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom has been told that he ought to do that.
Tom has been told he ought to do that.
Tom is unable to hide his excitement.
Tom is wearing the tie Mary gave him.
Tom is wearing the tie that Mary gave him.
Tom is worried that Mary won't do that.
Tom is worried Mary won't do that.
Tom is a taxi driver in Australia now.
Tom will probably already be asleep when I get home.
Tom is hoping to sing with us tonight.
Tom is in the park with a few friends.
Tom will be late because of the snow.
Tom got mugged by three men in hoodies.
Tom was one of those who got arrested.
Tom was one of those who got laid off.
I was only permitted to do that once.
I was only allowed to do that once.
They only let me do that once.
Tom is really angry with me, isn't he?
Tom is really angry with me.
Tom seemed scared to admit he didn't know.
Tom seemed scared to admit that he didn't know.
Tom is sitting on the porch with Mary.
Tom is sitting on the sofa by himself.
Tom is supposed to do that in October.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that in October.
I was tempted to eat all the cookies.
Tom wasn't the last one to get here today.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced me to go.
Tom wasn't the person who convinced me to go.
Tom wasn't the only one not drinking beer.
Tom wrote a novel in French.
Do you have a table tennis racket?
I wonder who gave that money to Tom.
Do you have a lot of friends here?
I wanted to know what Tom was doing.
Would you stay if I asked you to?
I wanted Tom to tell me his opinion.
What would you do if you were me?
Tom speaks excellent French.
What do you think'll happen next?
I wanted Tom to play tennis with me.
What color is your mother's hair?
I wanted Tom to go outside and play.
We've decided to hire new people.
We've decided not to hire any new people.
You've been served.
We read the book in the library.
I sometimes read books in the library.
I sometimes check out books from the library.
I sometimes borrow books from the library.
I sometimes check books out of the library.
It's almost always better to tell the truth.
It's almost always better to tell the truth, even though sometimes it's more polite to lie.
This is the best Christmas present that I've ever gotten.
This is the best Christmas present I've ever gotten.
Tom says that he wants a puppy for Christmas.
I hope that I can see you at Christmas.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom bought a Christmas present for Mary.
Tom told Mary she put up her Christmas decorations too early.
Tom wrote Santa a letter.
I'll be spending Christmas Eve with my family.
We want everyone to have a good Christmas.
Do you give your boss a Christmas gift?
We're going to my parents' for Christmas this year.
Tom was my boyfriend in high school.
I woke up from a nightmare feeling dizzy.
I woke up from a nightmare feeling disoriented.
How much did your Christmas tree cost?
Our family usually has turkey for Thanksgiving.
Our family usually has turkey for Christmas.
I encourage you to get here early.
I want Tom to come back to Australia.
French class is on Monday.
I can't wait to go to high school.
Why did you study French?
Are you interested in French?
Have you thought about doing that?
Tom dealt with that problem already.
Tom has already dealt with that problem.
Is that a French dictionary?
How about doing that Monday night?
I didn't care how crazy I looked.
I learned French growing up.
How are we going to pay this bill?
I had a good French teacher.
Tom didn't even ask me if it was OK.
I got a job teaching French.
How did you like living in Boston?
I cheated on my French test.
I can't really speak French.
How long were you able to do that?
I can help you learn French.
Tom isn't the person I'd have hired.
Tom isn't the person that I'd have hired.
We studied French together.
How many ears of corn did you buy?
Is French an easy language?
Tom spends most of his time reading.
I'm learning French online.
How many hours a day do you study?
I write my diary in French.
How many times have you been here?
I talk to myself in French.
Tom was the one who caused the fire.
I read that book in French.
How much money did you make today?
I need a French translator.
We should see if Tom needs any help.
I need a French dictionary.
How often do you leave work early?
I gave my speech in French.
I can't wait to see what Tom will do.
I ended up studying French.
How often do you play video games?
Can you say that in French?
We only speak French here.
How old do you think this tree is?
How old do you think that this tree is?
Tom teaches French online.
I need Tom to tell me how to do that.
I told Tom that in French.
I bought a new pair of sunglasses.
I helped Tom learn French.
I really like playing chess with Tom.
I have French class later.
I can't figure out what caused it.
I enjoyed learning French.
I want Tom to invite me to his party.
We all speak French here.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise.
I wrote a poem in French.
I want Tom to show me how to do that.
I write French every day.
I couldn't see who the driver was.
I studied French grammar.
I wanted Tom to say that he loved me.
I wanted Tom to say he loved me.
I'm not sure that that's wise.
I want Tom to stay in Boston with me.
This isn't good French.
I couldn't see who was in the car.
They're learning French.
I want Tom to teach me how to juggle.
Is Tom fluent in French?
Is French easy to learn?
Is French an easy language to learn?
I want Tom to tell me how to do that.
Say it again in French.
I don't trust people with weapons.
I don't trust people who have weapons.
I texted Tom in French.
I wanted Tom to buy some eggs for me.
I wanted Tom to buy me some eggs.
How can I learn French?
I wanted Tom to buy some food for me.
I wanted Tom to buy me some food.
I had various jobs during college.
I had various jobs while I was in college.
We're not French speakers.
We aren't French speakers.
I wanted Tom to buy some food for us.
I wanted Tom to buy us some food.
The menu was in French.
The menu is in French, so I can't read it.
The menu was in French, so I couldn't read it.
I guess that I could've waited longer.
It looks like it may rain.
It might be cold tomorrow.
Move your body.
Her show was canceled.
I put away my phone.
Her husband is on the plane.
He was going to Algiers.
She ignored her husband.
Her husband is missing her.
He felt a void in his life.
He has a part in that movie.
He's traveling to Algeria.
He's reading fiction.
She's divorcing her husband.
He's taking his fiancee to Algiers.
His fiancee is half his age.
He's the kindest most loving person in the world.
Please fasten your seat belts.
Please remain calm and fasten your seat belts.
They have safely landed in Algiers.
Her ex-husband is engaged.
He saw disturbing pictures on Facebook.
They crash-landed in Algeria.
These fries are good.
They have four orders.
You should hit on women your own age.
Let's go have fun.
He got addicted to that soap opera.
Are you an actress, too?
You remind me of that actress.
I can't remember the name of that actress.
She's a writer and an actress.
He's going through a divorce.
He has been married like forty times.
He's not in his room.
You're such a little slut.
He is a plumber.
She showed me all around Algiers.
He has lost his frigging mind.
It's a picture of Skura.
That's not my art.
The picture was probably retouched.
In Algeria, people don't do that.
He was going to Algiers to find romance.
A month here costs the same as a month in Algiers.
He's a caretaker.
He's a janitor.
He's releasing the place.
He has been the caretaker of this house for forty years.
He escaped from the Nazis.
He doesn't like that actress.
He doesn't like that movie.
"Are you a fan?" "No."
Her husband died in 2004.
This is her first date since 2004.
She's making dinner for me.
What do you know about this guy?
His kids are in college.
This is an empty house.
He's googling Skura.
"What are you doing?" "Googling Skura."
He's a man I trust.
He's with his wife.
He has always wanted to learn Berber.
He learned to tango.
He wanted to learn to tango.
This is my boat.
Violence is his solution to everything.
He didn't go to that bar.
She's a beautiful and sophisticated woman.
His girlfriend is so breathtakingly beautiful.
She's a sophisticated lady.
When one of us is in trouble, we've got to help him.
When one of us is in trouble, we've got to help them.
This is my grandmother's birthday.
He doesn't want to audition for that part.
He put everything into his business.
He has the chance to change something.
He wants to do that in Algiers.
Everybody hates those women.
He's wearing a tracksuit.
He's still in the bathroom.
She's dating a married guy.
That's a sinful thought.
He has a very early flight tomorrow.
He's no longer excited about Algiers.
He went to that bar with her.
He's still in a rented house.
He still lives in a rented house in Algiers.
He moved to Algiers to become a singer.
He wants to become a star.
Alaska wasn't even a state when I was born.
I was born when Alaska wasn't even a state.
She's a woman of taste and refinement.
He observed pandas in their natural habitat.
What a beautiful Algeria morning!
His house is on the market.
He will find a doctor in Algiers.
Is that an animal?
How many guys gave you their number last night?
He's extending his lease here.
I'm glad you're staying in Algiers.
He watches that soap opera.
He watches that show.
He's addicted to that show.
I really love the rugs.
She's sexy as hell.
"How do I look?" "Like a slut."
His girlfriend looks absolutely gorgeous.
She's a cougar.
What an ordeal!
He was wearing shorts.
They're offering him a lifetime supply of shampoo.
He bought all this furniture for a pittance.
He loves that bar.
You are incredibly pretty.
Your accent drives me crazy.
I was actually born in Algeria.
This is a huge coincidence.
His son was born in Algiers.
This is the first date I've had in years.
When she was a teenager, she got pregnant.
They never had children.
She has never raised a child.
What a sweet boy!
Maybe I should just call him and tell him the truth.
She's his mother.
I wish I had some proof.
He's a hitman.
What does this have to do with my situation?
He claimed to be my son.
He claimed to be my father.
I had to prove that he wasn't my son.
He swabbed the inside of his cheek with his Q-Tip.
How did they get his DNA?
He has a DNA lab.
Are you ready to make that phone call?
Who would say no to this?
Do you have his number?
Her husband answered right away.
He met her at that bar.
They might meet later tonight.
They want to meet tonight for a double date.
They skipped dinner and went directly to a hotel.
My hair is just like yours.
He buys tissues in bulk.
I'd really prefer white wine if you have it.
The investigators collected his DNA.
The investigators collected his blood.
He knows his birth mother.
The investigators collected his hair.
He's getting addicted to that place.
Would you excuse me for just a moment?
By the way, how was your date?
By the way, how was your date with your boss?
I am a hero.
He found a picture of Salas and Skura.
She is a model.
Sometimes it's just best to let things go.
He mentioned that website.
He wants to find his son.
"You're a mother." "So are you."
He has grandkids.
He has grandchildren.
They have birthdays on the same day.
They all have birthdays on the same day.
He really doesn't know how old he is.
That is an intriguing idea.
Pick a name.
I don't know when he will return.
He gets disgusting comments every day.
He's terrible at doing that.
He doesn't even remember my birthday.
I wonder when the presents will arrive.
He shouldn't be so negative.
He finished his wine.
That's not your joke. That's Jim Carrey's.
You're even lovelier than in your picture.
I've seen her picture.
What's the matter with that?
He ran out of time.
He ran out of time and didn't prioritize.
He's an architect.
He has four dogs.
His favorite color is blue.
These are my friends Salas and Skura.
He doesn't like dogs.
He has dogs.
He doesn't own dogs.
He never bought a dog.
I don't see the point of having a dog.
I like all dogs.
He truly is a wonderful friend.
He'll be eating alone.
Her date should be here soon.
He has moved to Algiers.
Do you need a fork?
I think he needs a fork.
Maybe she's not his type.
She looks exactly like his dead wife.
I don't know if it's a good idea.
Life's too short.
I can't spend another night alone.
He's still sweating.
You can take off as much clothing as you like.
I never formally introduced myself. I'm Salas.
He's a great driver.
He drives really slow.
I think we should get married.
They are perfect for each other.
I've been wanting to do that all my life.
She became an architect.
She looks so much like his wife.
She looks so much like his dead wife.
It's a meatloaf.
His name is Salas.
He brought us a bottle of champagne.
He is a good friend.
This is the best blind date I've ever had.
She's dating a murderer.
He's a complete stranger.
He's kissing his girlfriend.
She hates pizza.
I don't think it's gonna work out between us.
Do you find this woman attractive?
His girlfriend is cute.
It was very nice to meet you and I wish you nothing but the best.
She's so much like his dead wife.
He said goodbye to her.
You're the most amazing woman I've ever met.
I'd give anything to make love to her one last time.
Algeria is in the middle of a crisis.
They're acting like idiots.
He waited until the last minute.
He paid that guy to go out with his ex.
Why don't you join us for dessert?
They are on their way.
They were talking about their engagement.
Why did you kick her in the ass?
He wasn't a good friend.
I wasn't a good friend and I would never forgive myself for that.
I know that guy well.
I'd like you to have this ring.
Men don't have boobs.
He didn't go downtown.
There are so many good restaurants in Algiers.
There are so many good shops in Algiers.
There are so many good stores in Algiers.
I'm willing to try doing that.
She got lost in Algiers.
It's so dark and scary there.
No wine for me. I'm Muslim and I don't drink.
He's dusting the coffee table.
The coffee table is dusty.
He slipped the ring off of his finger and threw it away.
I'm learning Lithuanian.
I am learning Lithuanian.
Don't worry. You'll get married sooner or later.
I think the baby is coming. Please call an ambulance.
She's having a baby.
You delivered a baby before?
We were moving back to Algiers in April.
He's in Algeria illegally.
He has been living in Algiers for the past four months.
He spoke a bit better Berber.
They barely speak Berber.
His parents barely speak Berber.
They stayed in Algiers.
I was born in Algiers, in Bab-el-Oued.
He didn't speak much Berber.
I have to do the maths.
I have to do the math.
For me, money is everything.
For him it's nothing.
In rural areas people eat better.
"This will be done soon." "When is soon?"
People live better in the countryside than in cities.
Your result is worse than mine.
His result is worse than mine.
Her result is worse than mine.
They won't leave her in peace.
You won't leave her in peace.
He's already outside.
She's already outside.
He's quiet now.
Buy us it.
Beautiful.
I don't like this light.
She's not as pretty as she thinks she is.
Signals for pedestrians exist.
I don't have an employment contract.
I'll have to take out a loan.
They have too much ego and they lack honesty.
Muslims fast and pray.
I'm familiar with Islam.
The imam gave me a book.
He was born in Algeria in and migrated to Canada in 2004.
He was home alone in Algiers.
My god exists.
I went to Algeria with my four children.
Thanks be to God.
She's Muslim and she covers her hair when she's praying.
This is the only Berber word I know.
She's Muslim and she dresses conservatively.
Muslim women dress conservatively.
A Muslim woman approached me in the bookstore.
She speaks fluent Berber.
The Muslim woman was wearing a hijab.
The Muslim woman was wearing what is called a hijab.
Are you married to an Algerian?
You can see by my clothes that I'm a Muslim.
You can see by my clothes that I'm a Muslim woman.
She's a Muslim.
Could you find a villa for me to rent in Algiers?
Nobody knows that except me and God Almighty.
He would never ever imagine that I could become a Muslim.
He left America and came to Algeria.
He didn't know anything else about Islam.
The imam gifted my wife and I with this Quran.
I took the Quran home.
He built a brand-new villa in Algiers.
I have only opened that Quran one time.
He randomly opened the Quran and started reading.
The Quran is the word of my god.
Moses, may God be pleased with him, is mentioned in the Quran.
Muslims believe in Jesus, may God be pleased with him.
Muslims believe in Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them.
Abraham, may God be pleased with him, is the father of Isaac and Ishmael.
I have read the Quran so much.
Jesus, may God be pleased with him, is not the son of God.
God doesn't have partners.
The God of Islam doesn't have partners.
The God of Islam has no sons and doesn't have partners.
I have a Yusuf Ali translation of the Quran.
I'm a Muslim and I pray to God.
Give me evidence to support what the Quran says.
Are you still a Muslim?
He was reading straight from the Quran.
He was praying and reading straight from the Quran.
He was reading straight from the Quran as he was praying.
He's an expert in sharia law.
He took his new Muslim name legally in the United States.
He decided to take his new Muslim name legally in the United States.
We believe in Muhammad, may peace and blessings be upon him.
Allah is our creator.
Allah is the creator of the universe.
He's looking at the Kaaba.
He returned to Algeria via London.
He went to Bejaia, Algeria.
Allah answered my prayer.
I returned to Algeria after this.
Mr Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's new president.
My father goes for a walk every day.
Drivers must know the traffic regulations.
They went downstairs.
He refuses to accept being old.
There is a book here.
This is a photo.
I'm Australian.
I'll write a negative comment from a false account.
I'm Portuguese.
I am Portuguese.
Old men and comets are revered for the same reasons: their long beards and their pretensions to predict events.
While the cat is away, the mouse dances.
You cannot have your cake and eat it too.
She only danced for one summer.
Our egoism is so great that we believe that when it storms it thunders only for us.
There were many atrocities during the war.
It is difficult for mother tongue speakers to judge how their language sounds to speakers of other languages.
Another year has passed.
I didn't expect it to be this fun.
Tom had not expected it to be this fun.
Tom had not expected it to be that fun.
Tom hadn't expected it to be that fun.
Tom hadn't expected it to be this fun.
Tom is interested in many different things.
I wanted Tom to meet me after school.
I thought everybody did very well.
I wanted Tom to take out the garbage.
I wanted Tom to buy something for me.
I wanted Tom to come over for dinner.
I hope that you'll come back soon.
I wanted Tom to go back to Australia.
I personally find this disgusting.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston with us.
I really enjoyed talking with you.
I thought that was very unprofessional.
I thought that that was very unprofessional.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to swim.
I want everyone to leave me alone.
I want everybody to leave me alone.
I wasn't able to do anything for Tom.
I want to take everyone's picture.
I want to take everybody's picture.
I wasn't surprised by Tom's response.
I wanted to impress my girlfriend.
I'm confident Tom will be successful.
I'm confident that Tom will be successful.
I wanted to start my own business.
I wasn't trying to mislead anyone.
Tom couldn't've done this by himself.
I wonder who'll come to our party.
Tom did everything that he had to do.
I wouldn't buy that if I were you.
Tom did very well on the examination.
I'm glad my name wasn't mentioned.
I'm glad that my name wasn't mentioned.
Tom didn't accuse anyone of anything.
I'm interested in target shooting.
Tom didn't come to work this morning.
I'm sure the product will do well.
I'm sure that the product will do well.
Tom didn't explain the problem to me.
I've got some things I need to do.
I've got some things that I need to do.
Tom doesn't hang out with us anymore.
I've never seriously dated anyone.
Tom wanted to go, so I went with him.
No one was left to tell the story.
Tom wondered why his dog was barking.
Nobody was left to tell the story.
Tom is a famous physicist.
Tom and Mary often call each other.
Tom won't be getting any money.
Tom won't be getting paid.
Tom won't be getting any presents.
Tom won't be getting any gifts.
I won't be giving Tom anything.
I like turtle doves.
I like turtle-doves.
I had a lot to do last weekend.
Why did you ask Tom?
I saw an european turtle-dove in north Africa.
I saw an european turtle dove in north Africa.
I decorated the room.
The waiting room is full of patients.
I was the one who decorated the room.
Tom and I decorated the room together.
How long did it take you to decorate the room?
Tom and I spent all afternoon decorating the room.
The waiting room was full of patients.
There are a lot of patients in the waiting room.
One of the patients in the waiting room has just fainted.
You're very strong.
Did you see the rainbow?
That's not the answer I'd hoped for.
Wanna kiss?
Your daughter needs help
Your dog needs help.
He gave away his kidney.
Here's a bill.
He ended up on the floor.
I was your nurse when you were in the hospital.
I'm your next-door neighbor.
I didn't understand a word you just said.
I literally didn't understand a word you just said.
"Is Salas your husband?" "Yes. Salas is my husband."
He came to my home.
He fixed the sink.
His dog is traumatized.
His children are extremely traumatized.
He has four grown sisters.
They're living with their mother.
He's petting his dog.
He has a very serious illness.
She's a recent widow and she's still depressed about that.
He's a nice normal guy.
She's dating a nice normal guy.
Her husband is as depressed as her.
Did you use the words "gun", "rifle" or "bullet"?
This isn't anyone's fault. You're all to blame.
You need to find yourself a nice normal guy.
He needs to find a purpose to his life.
I need to see your horse.
Is this girl always so strange?
He's talking to his dog.
He has his quirks.
Did you have fun at the park?
She was arrested for prostitution.
He was giving her advice.
He's an average guy.
What's the problem then?
They had dinner together.
I can't stand his daughter.
You're an excellent driver.
He read the billboard out loud.
Is this Algiers?
Give me a shot of everything.
It seems that you could use a little advice.
This isn't a contest.
They were born in Algiers.
Please hand me that bag.
She has giant man hands.
He won the contest.
What was the last time you gave your wife flowers for no reason?
He told her things that melted her heart.
The bus is pretty empty.
He spent his time with his son.
He left the bar.
He saved our marriage.
How about we head home and call it a night?
That therapist saved our marriage.
I'm also drinking wine.
She's a famous actress.
So what do you do for fun?
Skura is my wife.
This is my annoying neighbor again.
I am your next-door neighbor.
He married that woman.
He was wearing a silly hat.
He was wearing silly shoes.
His dog ruined my rug.
There's only one woman I'm attracted to and it's you.
He never found love again after Skura.
She's probably aging faster than her mother.
Can he resuscitate the dead?
He feels the opposite thing.
He named his dog "Salas".
His daughter and I are so close.
I found my purpose in life.
These are his words, not mine.
He couldn't have said those words.
You can't talk to animals.
Do you speak dog?
Nobody can talk to animals.
"Do you speak dog?" "No, but I can speak cat."
In four years, he's gonna be forty.
We have a call for Skura.
My husband came home with flowers and a bottle of wine.
Is my husband having an affair?
Your husband loves you.
They did that after sex.
Do that after sex.
He was talking to his dog.
He's officially in the TV business.
He named his dog Trump.
Maybe you should date nice regular guys.
He didn't do anything wrong to his dog.
She won an Academy Award for best supporting actress.
I'm not capable of faking happiness and you know that.
He's staying in Algiers.
He lost the coin toss.
And the Academy Award goes to Salas Amzil.
He lied to his parents like he lied to everyone.
These are just campaign promises.
This is a beautiful picture of you.
This is a website of pictures of famous people.
This is just a wake-up call.
He has just gained four pounds.
People call me fat.
This is a horrible website.
He's going on a diet.
He started his diet yesterday.
He's eating like crazy.
His daughter sleeps around.
I admire your discipline.
His father drinks.
Where have I seen that dress before?
She wears the same dress as her mother.
He wants to know if he won the contest.
Actresses are crazy.
Rock singers were crazy back then.
He's staying here in Algiers.
And now that dream is coming true.
There's always something worse.
Every time I see those pictures, I'm appalled.
Algiers is known for its traffic problems.
You should free your mind and meditate on what's really important.
They caused a traffic jam on the bridge.
This cake smells delicious.
What's on your face?
He gave her a bar of chocolate.
Men love curves.
Men love boobs.
I've been wanting to share my story.
He ate a lot but he never put on an ounce.
He deserves a treat.
He was eating frozen yogurt.
Could you open that window?
This is a tribute to my adoring fans.
He's on the way to the airport now.
Traffic was moving very slowly on the bridge.
He has a copy of the email.
He's going to fire the person responsible.
He dragged his daughter home.
His mother has a hunchback.
She won an Oscar.
She was wearing a turban.
You have an hour to relax.
He has four hours to relax.
I need wine.
I need some wine.
They announced our category.
He's dating a gorgeous sexy girl.
Most of all, I wanna thank my mother.
Please hug your moms, everyone.
Can you still see the wine stain on my sleeve?
His wife looks stunning.
He has been on TV the whole time.
He congratulated her on winning the prize.
He saw her boobs.
The whole thing was wonderful.
He was at the center of a scandal.
His mom came back.
His parents are so embarrassed.
He drove all the way to Algiers.
She made brownies.
Stop blame your parents for things that you do.
You should stop blaming your mom for things that you do.
"Would you like some cake and champagne?" "Absolutely."
Now people hate you even more.
He's going to Algiers.
He was sitting in his limo, drinking champagne.
Israel is committing war crimes in the West Bank.
I can only take one more person.
He feels the same way.
I'm happy and he feels the same way.
I'm so happy for your daughter.
He writes jokes for a local newspaper.
"This is for you." "A gift? Oh, thank you."
Look at this gorgeous necklace Salas just gave me.
He give his wife a gorgeous necklace.
Do you like caviar?
"Do you like caviar?" "Caviar is my favorite."
I can clean that ring for you.
She would make a great adoptive mother.
He did forty hours of community service.
This is his first violation.
He cleans toilets.
He did forty hours of community service cleaning toilets in a local school.
He's working in a hospital.
He's working in the park.
Doctors are flirting with that nurse all day.
You'll need to get your hands dirty.
"I hate you!" "I hate you more!"
You're drinking wine, aren't you?
I am working on my speech.
His dog is his guinea pig.
No fighting, please.
Please give each other a hug.
I have a couple of questions.
Salas is my fourth child.
He looks like a freak.
She looks like a man.
The doctor never said this would happen.
"He said he saw a woman with an Adam's apple." "That was a man dressed as a woman."
He's legally obligated to wear a suit.
The dress is not so bad.
She looks amazing in white.
She looks like an angel in white.
He's wearing a diaper.
She's not allowed to wear that dress.
He's not allowed to wear that uniform.
Why is she wearing that monstrosity?
Her dress is a monstrosity.
The force of the water tore the dress right off her body.
She didn't wear underwear.
Millions of people saw the video on Youtube.
Someone posted the video on Youtube.
I made the biggest sacrifice for you.
I cleaned toilets in a prison.
Please take all the time you need.
I think I may just go for a walk.
I think I may go check the mail.
He desperately needs your help.
She has a stalker.
She's being stalked by a transvestite man.
They look just like sisters.
He's not a stalker.
He's not a transvestite.
Security is on its way.
His friend is mean and deceitful.
They're fighting over a girl.
He has always been there for his friends.
She seduced countless men.
How dare you insult them?
They're fighting against each other for a stupid thing.
He has just been invited for the George Clooney Oscar party.
"You're liar." "You take that back!"
I want to read to you my acceptance speech.
He wrote my speech.
Thank you for this incredible honor.
Thank you for this honor.
You need to speak from the heart.
I want to thank my best friend.
I share this award with my wife and children as I share my life with them.
Why did we ever fight about this?
Why don't you take Skura to the party?
Help me open this bottle of champagne.
This is a four thousand dollar bottle of wine.
His plan worked perfectly.
"Your plan worked perfectly." "I told you it would."
I meant every word I said.
Maybe I'll wear that dress.
You must be at the station before five.
If you are tired, you should go to bed.
Anyway, expressions like "Muslims love Jesus and Moses ... and vice versa" are cryptic sweetened sibylline sentences addressed to Evangelical and or Orthodox ears who think no less or sometimes worse. It was only when I saw a famous TRUMPetist dancing with all the turbaned people in the Gulf that I understood and thought: they surely have things to share, our resources, for example. Religion is just used as a tool for INTROMISSION, more or less admitted, for those who exhibit recessive genes, or according to their predispositions ability to the kamasutra positions.
Tom noticed a pattern in the data.
Despite this era of online shopping, people still like to go to a traditional store for their Christmas shopping.
As every year in the city, the stores pull out all the stops to make shopping a memorable experience and window displays are a big part of that.
Since 1954, Mother Dear's Community Center has been providing services for the needy in the Washington metropolitan area.
During the holiday season, the center's volunteers serve up meals-on-wheels, feeding homebound seniors and the homeless.
New York is embracing a new, environmentally-friendly, though not quite revolutionary way to eradicate weeds in the citys Riverside Park. The Big Apple is welcoming two dozen goats that will spend the summer in the park, eating away invasive plants and poison ivy.
Fireworks on 34th Street, in New York City, is one of the city's most beloved Christmas traditions.
It's the beginning of the holiday season.
Children have always been amongst the most dedicated admirers of shiny, bright shop windows.
You could train a goat to do practically anything a dog does, except bark.
The heart of Esperanto ideology is the equality of all languages and cultures.
The essence of Esperanto ideology is the equality of all languages and cultures.
Did I understand the gist of the question correctly?
I'm an adult now as well.
We need a few words to express what is essential.
Write high-quality sentences in a language that you know very well.
Write high-quality sentences.
Don't include multiple alternative words inside the same sentence.
Don't write extra information, such as the name of the author, within the sentence.
Haftar threatened to start a war with Algeria.
Haftar is an enemy of Algeria.
Haftar threatened Algeria.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord supported by Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, threatened to attack Algeria, a nation that has one of the most powerful armies in Africa.
Haftar is killing innocent people in Libya.
Haftar is killing innocent people in Tripoli.
Haftar is a dictator.
Khalifa Haftar is a bloody dictator.
Khalifa Haftar's "army" is composed of mercenaries.
For the Gold Age to manifest on Earth soon, we should imagine it as a reality.
Haftar wants to make Libya a military state.
Haftar wants to transform Libya into a military dictatorship.
Haftar's "army" of mercenaries controls almost two thirds of Libya.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord, is seeking to control Libya's capital, Tripoli.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord, returned to Libya in 2011.
The United States considers Algeria to be an ally.
The United States considers Algeria as an ally.
Haftar's army is just a bunch of militias.
He set up a pizza business in Algiers.
I'm hooked on yachts now.
I didn't understand anything he said.
I didn't understand anything she said.
I didn't understand anything you said.
It was hotter yesterday than today.
Most speakers say it badly.
I was once in Mexico.
I had met with a client.
Do you fancy getting a coffee with me?
Shall we get a coffee together?
He's playing with your kids.
She's playing with your kids.
Thanks for bringing me home. Good night.
I shan't wait a minute longer!
There were no news from Mary.
There was no news from Mary.
He decided to study Islam.
He borrowed a copy of the Quran.
This is a very bad translation of the Quran.
They want to make Islam look bad.
He borrowed a translation of the Quran from the library.
He went to the library and borrowed a copy of the Quran.
He went to the library and borrowed a translation of the Quran.
He wanted to make Islam look bad.
Take my copy of the Quran.
He's an American Muslim.
This is the beginning of my road to Islam.
The Quran shook me to my roots.
The Quran really shook me to my roots.
I have seen in the Quran real truth.
I want to find out how to become a Muslim.
I want to become a Muslim.
How do you become a Muslim?
Let's go to the Islamic library.
You have to say the shahada in Arabic.
You have to take the shahada in Arabic.
He showed me how to take the shahada.
He showed me how to say the shahada.
When me and my sister moved to Algiers, we rented an apartment in Bab-el-Oued.
I dislocated my knee.
All formalities were respected.
All formalities have to be respected.
Zhanna looked at the flowers.
He took poison.
She took poison.
We value you a lot.
What's the name of the capital of Turkmenistan?
I hate women who say that all men are alike.
Tom is too proud to ask Mary for help.
Tom is too scared to go into the cave.
Tom is working in Australia this year.
Tom is alone with his dog in the house.
Tom is apparently in Boston now.
Tom has been asked to sing a couple of songs.
Tom will be doing the same thing as me.
Tom is eager to get home to his family.
Tom got fired from his job for stealing.
Tom is holding a pen in his right hand.
Tom is hoping we can do that for him.
Tom is hoping that we can do that for him.
Tom will be in Australia for several months.
Tom is just trying to protect his kids.
I'd be surprised if Tom said yes.
Tom is pretty sure the door is locked.
Tom is probably thirteen years old now.
Tom will probably be ready to leave when we get there.
Tom is sitting in a corner of the room.
Tom is sitting in a corner of the room by himself.
Tom was sitting in a corner of the room by himself.
Tom will be sleeping by the time we get home.
Tom is supposed to do that next Monday.
Tom is sure that he needs to do that again.
I'd be surprised if Tom agreed with Mary.
Tom will be the first one to try to do that.
Tom won't be the first one to try to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to try to help me.
Tom won't be the last one to leave the store.
Tom is the one who suggested I do that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested I do that.
Tom is the only one I'm able talk to.
Tom wasn't the only one who was doing that.
Tom isn't the only one who's doing that.
Tom is the only one who's been nice to me.
Tom is tired, but he won't admit it.
The tour will take about three hours.
I didn't know what the situation was.
How do you think we should handle this situation?
Tom very nearly got run over by a truck.
Tom is worried he might miss the train.
Tom is worried that he might miss the train.
Tom has been a car salesman for several years.
Tom is a champion long-distance swimmer.
Tom will probably be able to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom is actually living in Australia now.
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods.
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods by himself.
Tom will be asleep by the time Mary gets home.
Tom is trying to be careful not to attract attention.
Tom is being careful not to get in Mary's way.
Tom seemed disconcerted by the announcement.
Tom will be happy if Mary does that for him.
I'm going to cut down this tree.
I'm going to cut this tree down.
Tom decorated the room.
We admitted our defeat.
We all deserve promotions.
We deserve to be promoted.
We're going home now.
We don't have much bread.
We don't have much bread left.
Tom grudgingly accepted the money Mary offered him.
We don't like Tom's dog.
I cleaned the bathtub.
Have you cleaned the bathtub yet?
You must by here by 2:30.
You've ruined your clothes.
I fell and broke my some bones in my right hand.
I haven't calculated the bill yet.
You don't have to drink that if you don't want to.
School doesn't end today. We have one more week.
Tom never told Mary the truth about what happened that day.
Tom has never told Mary the truth about what happened that day.
I quickly took a shower.
We quickly took showers.
I went to Tom's house this morning, but he wasn't there.
Is this one of the trees that you're planning to cut down?
Can we meet in the square?
Did you tell your brother?
Does Tom think he's funny?
Does Tom think that he's funny?
I told Tom I'd be on time.
I told Tom that I'd be on time.
That other pencil is mine.
Tom is wearing his brother's sweater.
In the end, we got married.
Tom never learned to read.
Tom has never learned to read.
Tom doesn't know how to read yet.
How old was Tom when he learned how to do that?
We can meet in the square.
You want a car, don't you?
Do I have to take the exam?
Do I have to take the test?
Why aren't you afraid?
I'm sorry that I didn't warn you.
I'm sorry I didn't warn you.
The children will have fun there.
The kids will have fun there.
The wind is strong today.
It's been a long time since I've had a nightmare.
She was running.
How often do you have nightmares?
Tom doesn't need money now.
Tom stretched out his arms.
We wanted to change things.
I wanted to change things.
We want to change things.
We don't want to change things.
This is very cold.
I want to change things.
I don't want to change things.
I don't have money for a house.
I want things to change.
We don't want things to change.
We want things to change.
You know that I love you, don't you?
I lost more than three hours.
You know that Tom loves you, don't you?
I'm not in charge here.
I'm not planning to tell Tom the truth.
Do you plan to tell Tom the truth?
Tom and I talked for three hours.
Tom and I talked about that already.
I often change my passwords.
Tom's the best there is.
Someone was satisfied.
Tom is one of the best swimmers in the world.
The jacket is big on me.
Tom is one of the best golfers in the world.
Can't we chat calmly about that?
That's a common compliant.
I want to be the one who stands out the most.
I want to be the guy who stands out the most.
We went to Boston with Tom.
You came by car, didn't you?
We're going to cut down these dead trees.
He's thinking about the weekend.
She's thinking about the weekend.
You don't know how to dance, do you?
I know who can do that for you.
There was no reason to come.
Do you know who could do that for us?
The electricity's going up.
Did you go directly to the gym?
Electricity's going up.
Did you go straight to the gym?
I hope they'll listen to me.
I hope that they'll listen to me.
If you're going to fiddle with sentences, at least do it correctly.
He is an early bird.
He got up before the rooster crowing.
Tom will accompany you.
I used to collect stamps.
Hasn't there been any change?
Has there been any change?
What kind of changes have been made?
What changes have been made?
Why did you change that?
Do you plan to make any changes?
What kind of changes do you plan to make?
How do you plan to change that?
We need to make some changes around here.
I don't like the way you changed that.
I like the changes that you've made.
I like the changes you've made.
I don't like the changes that you've made.
I don't like the changes you've made.
I think that we need to change our policy on that.
I think we need to change our policy on that.
What kind of changes do you suggest?
What changes do you suggest?
I didn't expect to have so much fun.
I didn't expect this to be this fun.
How old do you think that tree is?
How old do you think that that tree is?
Tom got mugged by three men wearing hoodies.
Tom was mugged by three men wearing hoodies.
Three men wearing hoodies mugged Tom.
We walked home together in the snow.
We walked home together in the rain.
I don't like walking home when it's raining.
Tom wasn't the first one who did that.
Ignorance is closer to truth than prejudice.
There's no more smell.
Tom and Mary are making a cake.
We lowered the prices.
We've recently lowered the prices.
We underestimated you.
Were you wearing a scarf?
I didn't make anyone cry.
I didn't make anybody cry.
Have you cleaned the bathtub?
Have you filled the bathtub?
Have you drained the bathtub?
About how long does it take to fill the bathtub?
How much water does it take to fill your bathtub?
I promised Tom that I'd be on time.
I promised Tom I'd be on time.
Tom likes turkey better than chicken.
What do you have to do this morning?
Tom has canceled his appointments for this afternoon.
I doubt whether I can do it.
I doubt that I can do it.
I doubt I can do it.
What's wrong with doing that this morning?
What's wrong with doing that now?
You know I love you, don't you?
Did you lock your locker?
I forgot to lock my locker.
I forgot to lock my car.
I forgot to lock my house.
I forgot to lock my door.
Don't leave things lying around.
Don't leave your things lying around.
I didn't explain the rules to Tom.
I didn't explain that rule to Tom.
I didn't explain those rules to Tom.
I'm reading a book this morning.
Tom wrote to his uncle in Australia.
My friends are eating breakfast now.
Bus drivers are on strike today.
What time do you usually eat dinner?
What time do you usually eat supper?
Why aren't you wearing your new jacket?
Tom isn't wearing a coat.
Tom doesn't need money right now.
I don't need money right now.
What exactly is Tom looking for?
Why exactly are you here?
Why exactly is Tom here?
Is Mary as beautiful as her sister?
Please turn off the light in the kitchen.
Please turn off the kitchen light.
Tom and I washed the dishes after dinner.
Tom washed the dishes after dinner.
You've already bought one, haven't you?
You're the tallest in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest kid in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest boy in your class, aren't you?
You're the tallest girl in your class, aren't you?
You don't know how to play tennis, do you?
Tomorrow will be very busy.
We'll be very busy tomorrow.
This chair is missing a leg.
Why did we invite Tom to the party?
Will you be busy tomorrow?
Will you be busy all day tomorrow?
I could do this with my eyes closed.
We studied at the same university.
Tom looks exactly like his father.
Figs are very expensive right now.
I leaned the ladder against the wall.
Tom has a good appetite this morning.
Tom didn't seem to have much of an appetite this morning.
Tom ordered several books.
I'll introduce you to three of my friends.
I'll introduce you to a friend of mine who used to live in Boston.
You didn't know that Tom liked to cook, did you?
You didn't know Tom liked to cook, did you?
Did you turn off the kitchen light?
Didn't Tom tell you that we'd be late?
Didn't Tom tell you we'd be late?
If you don't study, you won't get a good grade.
Tom's cousin is much more beautiful than his sister.
When you're not here, everything goes wrong.
When you aren't here, everything goes wrong.
Very few people speak French around here.
Not many people around here speak French.
I've been waiting for you for thirty minutes.
How long did you have to wait for Tom to do that?
I'm happy to help you if I can.
Tom is hoping that we can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping that you can do that for him.
Tom is obviously glad that has happened.
Tom is obviously glad that that has happened.
Tom is obviously happy that he's been chosen.
Tom is obviously happy he's been chosen.
Tom was the first one to leave the gang.
How different do you think the world will be in a hundred years?
How different do you think the world will be a hundred years from now?
Don't you have better things to do this morning?
Everything seems so easy for you.
Let's spend some time together this afternoon.
I think that you could probably do that.
I think you could probably do that.
I think that you could probably do that by yourself.
I think you could probably do that by yourself.
Tom thinks that everyone lies as much as he does.
Tom thinks everyone lies as much as he does.
A few years ago, I wouldn't have thought this would be possible.
A few years ago, I wouldn't have thought that this would be possible.
Your mother called.
"Your mother called." "Whose mother called?" "Skura's."
I like her already.
His mother is insanely overprotective.
I love my parents and my grandparents.
My mother trusted no one.
He's monumentally self-absorbed.
He thinks the whole world revolves around him.
His gun was loaded.
He left two days later.
His parents live in Algiers.
My mother is coming.
That's why I moved to Algiers.
I like him already.
I really feel home here in Algiers.
He has already received forty calls.
I don't watch that much television.
He was really good on that soap opera.
Do you remember Skura?
He was in the dressing room.
Those girls were just asking to be robbed, raped and murdered.
"Those girls were just asking to be robbed, raped and murdered." "This is rape culture."
We all felt bad for that student.
I brought you some sunscreen.
Eat some cheese.
Are you still having trouble with your irritable brother?
He said there was some sort of sinister presence in that room.
The teacher messaged me back.
He criticized her hair.
He criticized her posture.
We smelt gas.
My father has been here four days.
She wanted to get his attention.
He hasn't let me leave the house since I got here.
He was raised by an Algerian couple.
His parents are leaving tomorrow.
Tell your husband how you really feel.
They have a family dispute.
Bring the beer.
Bring the wine.
He bought a new tracksuit.
He's wearing a blue tracksuit.
His kids are driving me crazy.
My skin is tingling.
My adrenaline is really pumping.
He ignores my feelings.
Being afraid is no way to live your life.
"Where did you get that?" "At the bar."
Your mom is not gonna change.
He has decided to confront his mom.
His dad seemed pretty upset.
You should go home and apologize to your mother.
Can we talk about this in the morning?
What's all the noise in here?
Your sister is my age.
Could you at least have the decency to wait?
I'd high five you if I could.
His wife is lazy.
We're not little kids anymore.
My wife and I haven't had sexual relations in years.
A woman has needs.
Women have needs.
Are you sure your husband is straight?
He got a prescription for that.
I know you're going through a tough time.
Maybe he needs to take more risks.
He's moving to Algiers.
Her husband is so brave.
He was flirting with her mother.
I loved that speech.
He watched that show occasionally.
Their scenes together were quite moving.
Stop this emotional spillage.
Please stop this emotional spillage.
He wants to finish his novel.
He needs to finish his essay.
Maybe I'm just another silly woman who can't resist his charm.
I suddenly got that overwhelming urge to punch her in the face.
I love her songs.
I was in my room.
Tonight, I'm gonna meet my idol.
"Do you know Elvis Presley?" "Every inch of him."
It is going to be such a pleasure to punch him square in the face.
I threw a drink at him.
I threw a drink in his face.
I don't see your husband anywhere.
She threw a drink in his face.
She has beautiful breasts.
He fell face first into her boobs.
Her boobs are soft.
What's your wife doing here?
These are just brownies.
Your son has been smoking.
Was your wife there?
Your wife has spotted you and she's coming over.
He dumped his girlfriend.
That heartless bastard dumped her.
She was dumped by that heartless bastard.
You look even sexier in person than you did on your show.
He's in the press room.
Too bad she's with her friends.
He's on the top floor.
This is the most disgusting film I've ever seen.
That bastard didn't even apologize.
Your wife is still here.
Her husband is callous and misogynous.
She's with her boyfriend.
She's with her ex.
She's with her ex-husband.
She likes bad boys.
She's into bad boys.
They had sex on a coffee table.
She has beautiful boobs.
His wife dressed for sex.
She isn't even dressed for sex.
She bought a waxing kit.
He stuck his face in her boobs.
She's a hot woman.
"Whisky?" "No, thanks. I need to keep my wits about me."
There is really no reason for me to be doing this.
I'm a really big fan.
Are you still a wine girl?
No more booze for me.
I concluded that I had been deceived.
What's on the menu this morning?
He was a selfish bastard when we were together.
He has got a lot of nerve.
No woman wants to hear that.
He's a Boy Scout.
How much does her suitcase weigh?
Is the food delicious?
She always wants to be on top.
He can't move his left arm.
You can't miss what you never had.
He showed me a little trick.
He didn't move a muscle.
I regularly read a newspaper these days.
He married a debauched woman.
He's selfish in bed.
They ate turkey bacon.
He bought some turkey bacon.
This is like a fantasy come true for me.
Your note was very sweet.
He doesn't usually get involved with his fan.
He had no idea she was gay.
That CD you're holding is called "I'm a Punk."
It's a misleading title.
Enjoy that CD.
I need a clue.
I had a big thing for Sean Connery.
I'm throwing a party tomorrow.
She changed her hair.
He found that picture in a magazine.
She showed that picture to her hairstylist.
He invited her to the senior prom.
She takes hormone replacements.
Is this a new ringtone.
Her agent sent her a text message.
His company wants him to do a commercial.
His dream was to do a movie.
His dream was to do commercials for big companies.
He did a commercial for a baby formula.
Raise your hand if you've got a girlfriend.
Let's play that game again.
My agent has just messaged me.
There was a diaper in the box.
They're paying him a ton of money.
They're paying him a ton of money to do that.
His hair is still wet.
Their hair is still wet.
What a lovely offer!
He got the best selling offer.
These cars sell like crazy.
He was moving to Algiers.
He never went to Algiers.
What made you choose Algiers over Oran?
I feel great in Algiers.
Her son doesn't communicate very well.
People in Hollywood are vain and superficial.
A ton of people don't like him and he's fine with it.
Paris is France's capital.
Here in Algeria, you can relax.
Here in Algeria, life is simpler.
I love Algiers.
London is England's capital.
That was a fabulous party.
Algiers is a big city.
He's writing an article about me.
The whole city is going to hate you.
He liked the wine.
Did she bring beer?
Is this beer from Algeria?
Skura is a horrible person.
We have to sneak in there and steal that computer.
Bern is Switzerland's capital.
Is he wearing a diaper?
We need to break into that place.
He hasn't even mentioned me.
She's still a virgin.
Her husband is gonna know she was there.
Is that her dress?
He looks like a little orphan.
He's staying home anyway.
He's staying home anyways.
I would trust Skura with my life.
Ottawa is Canada's capital.
He parked his car at the end of the street.
He has a beautiful home.
He loves that robe.
There was tension between them.
Tokyo is Japan's capital.
We are neighbors.
"We're friends, aren't we?" "I hope so."
I was admiring her boobs.
Most women aren't interested in that.
"Can I touch your boobs?" "Go ahead. Touch them."
Beijing is China's capital.
He was waiting for the right moment.
I'm so glad his parents came over.
He wrote a very nice article about her.
He doesn't like people like you.
We need to use a local anaesthetic.
When he wears a suit, he looks younger.
His girlfriend is breathtaking.
She's gonna be prom queen.
Thanks for your help, Skura.
She fixed Skura's hair.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital.
Her husband is only forty.
This show is only airing in Algeria.
This commercial is only airing in Algeria.
Helsinki is Finland's capital.
Tallinn is Estonia's capital.
Berlin is Germany's capital.
Copenhagen is Denmark's capital.
Oslo is Norway's capital.
Kabul is Afghanistan's capital.
Islamabad is Pakistan's capital.
Yerevan is Armenia's capital.
Stockholm is Sweden's capital.
Quito is Ecuador's capital.
Jerusalem is Israel's capital.
Moscow is Russia's capital.
Vilnius is Lithuania's capital.
Riga is Latvia's capital.
Sofia is Bulgaria's capital.
Athens is Greece's capital.
Vienna is Austria's capital.
Lisbon is Portugal's capital.
Bucharest is Romania's capital.
Bratislava is Slovakia's capital.
We know our enemies.
Ljubljana is Slovenia's capital.
Mogadishu is Somalia's capital.
Baku is Azerbaijan's capital.
Belgrade is Serbia's capital.
Kazan is Tatarstan's capital.
Brasilia is Brazil's capital.
Antananarivo is Madagascar's capital.
Canberra is Australia's capital.
Damascus is Syria's capital.
Beirut is Lebanon's capital.
Amman is Jordan's capital.
Warsaw is Poland's capital.
Tunis is Tunisia's capital.
Tirana is Albania's capital.
Tehran is Iran's capital.
Caracas is Venezuela's capital.
Cairo is Egypt's capital.
Budapest is Hungary's capital.
I don't know who the people are.
I don't have to go to the school tomorrow.
Bishkek is Kyrgyzstan's capital.
Rome is Italy's capital.
Tbilisi is Georgia's capital.
Ashgabat is Turkmenistan's capital.
Baghdad is Iraq's capital.
Bamako is Mali's capital.
Muscat is Oman's capital.
Taipei is Taiwan's capital.
Tashkent is Uzbekistan's capital.
Dushanbe is Tajikistan's capital.
New Delhi is India's capital.
The jacket's big on me.
Why do they hate Islam so much?
Why do they hate Muslims so much?
He was sent to North America.
I must remember that.
I am going to the school at seven.
This rope is very slim.
The boy who is singing the song is my brother.
It is a book that I want to read.
Maria knows what she wants.
Tom left his key on the desk as he often does.
I was drunk yesterday.
We added sugar to our coffee.
I am proud of him being my friend.
We saw children getting on the bus.
He didn't even invited him.
Why can't we do it?
We are in for some changes.
The key couldn't be found anywhere.
The test was very simple.
His English is very bad.
The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo.
Dumpster diving should not be a crime.
Nur-Sultan is Kazakhstan's capital.
He converted to Islam almost four years ago.
He visited Algeria.
He discovered Islam in Algeria.
Hijab is really beautiful.
This is a book about my conversion to Islam.
Before I converted to Islam, I didn't believe in God.
I've been a Muslim for four years.
He never called himself Muslim.
He didn't really believe in God.
He didn't really believe in God at that point.
He started to take his children to the mosque.
I love Islamic architecture.
I fell in love with Islamic architecture.
There must be a god who made all of this.
There must be a creator who made all of this.
I was drinking at that point.
I was doing everything that a non-Muslim would do.
I went to sit with Muslims.
Judaism defies easy categorization.
There was nothing confusing to me about Islam.
Muslims worship one god.
I started to talk to Muslims.
I took my shahada with Skura.
I listened to the imam.
I was in tears when I listened to the Quran.
I wanted to take my shahada in the mosque.
When I took my shahada, I started crying like a baby.
When I took my shahada, I felt that I was with God.
Islam is my ultimate peace.
I asked God to be with me.
I was raised a Sunni Muslim.
I know that God loves me.
They hate Islam.
After accepting Islam, I developed patience and it become such an important part of my life.
I couldn't have done this without God.
Please help me to become a good Muslim.
Islam has helped me become a good father, a good husband and a good friend to everyone.
Open your heart and ask God to guide you.
You should open your heart and ask God to guide you.
I asked God to guide me.
He's a bootlicker.
Do you want to be a Muslim?
When he embraced Islam, he changed his name.
When he converted to Islam, he took a Muslim name.
"What's your religion?" "Islam."
I don't remember reading that in the Quran.
I went to Algeria in April of 2004.
I heard the call to prayer coming from a nearby mosque.
This imam is from Kabylie.
This imam studied in Kabylie.
Many imams come from Kabylie.
What do Muslims say when they pray?
Of course Kabylie is Muslim.
Of course Kabyles are Muslim.
He spent the month of Ramadan in Algeria.
I'm going to study Islam.
I respect Muslims.
I respect Islam.
My boss is Algerian.
We came back to Algeria.
What's a good Muslim anyways?
He still doesn't want to embrace Islam.
She knows a lot about Islam.
He kept asking questions about Islam.
They were standing in the middle of the mosque.
Why don't you just go ask an imam?
I embraced Islam in a mosque in Algeria.
The imam has given me the best advice.
The imam is giving me good advice.
I found this in the Quran.
The Quran is not a book of science. It's a book of signs.
It's an open bar.
She grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
I became Muslim in April 2004.
I am a new Muslim.
I have a copy of the Quran.
The copy of the Quran was on my bed table.
He stopped reading the Quran.
She began to read the Quran.
They need to read the Quran.
The word "Islam" means "submission to God."
I didn't discuss my conversion to Islam with my wife.
I've become a Muslim.
I won't ask my father's permission to convert to Islam.
I have chosen Islam.
I have chosen to convert to Islam.
I finally found the answer in Islam.
Both his parents are Muslim.
My parents wanted me to have an Islamic education.
Both my parents are Muslim converts.
He lost interest in Islam.
He would go to the mosque once a year.
He isn't as religious as his father.
They both married Muslim men.
He wanted to build a Muslim community on that island.
She was interested in Islam.
She was fascinated by Islam.
They both converted to Islam.
For me, Islam was so attractive.
He was so attracted by Islam.
He stayed in Algeria for about a week.
After being here for about a week, he said the shahada and converted to Islam.
What would your wife say if she knows that you've converted to Islam?
Now that I've converted to Islam, I have a lot of explaining to do at home.
Both his parents accepted Islam.
He lived with Muslims.
He started to doubt Islam.
His father was steadfastly opposed to Islam.
His children were all brought up as Muslim.
He recently converted to Islam.
I am interested in Islam.
When I said the shahada, I felt an overwhelming sense of relief.
I was doing wudu.
He decided to convert to Islam.
He has already decided to convert to Islam.
He converted to Islam in his early forties.
He lives with a Muslim community.
Everyone in the family is Muslim.
His parents accepted Islam, too.
I don't know why I hesitated.
It is of poor quality.
"Is Rina a cat or a dog?" "She's neither. She's a squirrel."
Tom preferred the company of his dogs over that of his fellow men.
What's the capital of Finland?
What's the capital of Egypt called?
What's the name of the capital of Egypt?
I am happy to come with you this evening.
Tom is scared to walk through the woods.
Tom got scared when he saw the dead body.
Tom became scared when he saw the dead body.
Tom got stabbed by someone on the subway.
Tom is supposed to meet me in the lobby.
Tom is supposed to meet me in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom got stabbed by somebody on the subway.
Why do these kinds of things happen?
Tom wasn't surprised Mary quit her job.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary quit her job.
My eyes are green.
My eyes were shut.
My eyes were closed.
My eyesight is really bad.
My faith in Tom has never wavered.
Your family has been told that you're here.
We've told your family that you're here.
We've told your family you're here.
My family has house in the mountains.
My family has cabin near a lake.
My family is living in Boston now.
My family is poor.
My family is rich.
My family is very religious.
My family is very traditional.
My family lost everything.
My family moved around a lot.
My family moved around quite a bit when I was a kid.
My family moved around quite a bit when I was a child.
My family moved around a lot when I was a kid.
My family moved around a lot when I was a child.
We moved to Australia in 2013.
My family came to Australia when I was three.
My family came to Australia when I was three years old.
My family moved to Australia when I was three years old.
My family needed money, so I started working when I was thirteen.
My family needed money, so I started working when I was thirteen years old.
Tom has invited my parents to Boston.
Tom didn't want to invite Mary to the party.
Tom invited Mary and her sister to his house for dinner.
When was the last time that you were invited to a party?
When was the last time you were invited to a party?
How many people will you invite to your party?
Did you enjoy the party last night?
Did you meet anyone new at the party last night?
Did you meet anybody new at the party last night?
The lazy lizard effortlessly catches flies with its sticky tongue for a snack.
Why do you have to do this this morning?
Tom wasn't the first guy who broke my heart.
Tom wasn't the first guy to break my heart.
Tom won't be the first one to get off the bus.
Tom is the one who blew the balloons up.
Tom is the one who blew up the balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who blew the balloons up.
Tom wasn't the one who blew up the balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we buy balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested we buy balloons.
Tom was the one who suggested that we buy balloons.
Tom was the one who suggested we buy balloons.
The mother duck and her chicks stopped traffic when they crossed the street.
Tom has started studying art.
Tom never said anything to us about Mary.
Tom only worked here for one summer.
Tom left Australia and came to New Zealand three years ago.
Tom was home alone in Boston last Christmas.
Mary isn't as pretty as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as beautiful as she thinks she is.
Tom is already outside.
Tom didn't speak much French when I first met him.
Tom speaks French a little better than I do.
Tom doesn't speak French much better than I do.
Tom has been living in Boston for the past three months.
Mary is having a baby.
Tom took the ring off of his finger.
Tom took the ring off of his finger and threw it into the river.
Tom didn't go downtown.
Tom didn't go downtown with us yesterday.
Tom doesn't go downtown very often.
When was the last time you went downtown?
When was the last time you and Tom went out together?
Tom paid somebody to do that for him.
Tom didn't say goodbye to Mary.
Tom didn't even say goodbye to Mary.
Tom says that he hates pizza.
Tom says he hates pizza.
Tom hates pizza.
Tom is over there, kissing his girlfriend.
Tom gave us a bottle of champagne.
Tom became an architect.
Tom wants to become an architect.
Tom plans to become an architect.
The hungry old eagle spotted its prey a mile away.
Tom will be eating alone.
Tom often eats alone.
Tom often eats by himself.
Tom finished his wine.
Tom didn't finish his wine.
Tom hasn't finished his wine.
You shouldn't be so negative.
Tom didn't even remember my birthday.
Tom is a fireman.
Tom has grandkids.
Tom has grandchildren.
Tom lost his ring.
Mary is a good maid.
Tom forgot his keys.
Tom met Mary at a bar.
Tom was friendly to us.
Tom is coming home today.
Tom will be coming home today.
Tom donated a kidney to someone he didn't know.
Tom donated a kidney to somebody he didn't know.
Tom is a man I trust.
Tom is a person I trust.
Tom is with his wife.
Tom is with his family.
Tom is with his daughter.
Tom is with his children.
Tom is with his kids.
Tom wants to learn how to tango.
Tom wants to learn how to waltz.
Tom faces deportation.
Tom is a divorced man.
Tom is John and Mary's only son.
Tom sleeps like a log.
Tom took Mary to a bar.
Tom touched Mary's cheek.
Tom was on that plane.
Tom wasn't on that plane.
Tom was on the same plane as Mary.
Tom wasn't on the same plane as Mary.
Tom has beautiful eyes.
Tom has big brown eyes.
Tom is a civil servant.
Tom is dating a nurse.
Tom hasn't made a reservation yet.
Tom put his pajamas on.
Tom put his pajamas on and got into bed.
Tom put on his pajamas and got into bed.
Tom used to be a court reporter.
Tom owns a gym in Boston.
Tom runs a gym in Boston.
Mary was wearing a bikini.
Mary is wearing a bikini.
Tom can't stay in my room.
Tom changed his hairstyle.
Tom didn't drink his wine.
Tom finished his lunch.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch.
Tom has a long drive home.
Tom is a famous physician.
Tom is stuck in Australia.
Tom is stuck in Boston because of the snow.
Tom smelled like a brewery.
Tom smells like a brewery.
I've finally found my soulmate.
We have to drive all night.
Tom has to drive all night.
Yesterday morning, my cat jumped onto the cooktop to lick the grease in the pan.
Tom didn't seem surprised that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary hadn't done that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary are in the living room, watching TV.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Tom and Mary were walking down the street, holding hands.
I saw Tom and Mary walking down the street holding hands.
I hid.
I care.
I fled.
I spit.
I wept.
I fired.
I froze.
I didn't hide.
You need to hide.
Let's hide in the barn.
I cursed.
I may go.
I may not go.
I might go.
I missed the target.
I saw you with Tom yesterday.
I paint houses for a living.
I don't paint very well.
Do you have any experience painting fences?
I'll see if I can do that.
Do you think that I'm cute?
Do you think I'm cute?
Do you think that I'm good-looking?
Do you think that I'm beautiful?
I go shopping once a week.
I'll go there tomorrow.
I don't often go there anymore.
Let me go first next time.
I go abroad every summer.
I go camping every summer.
Tom and I go out together sometimes.
I go fishing several times a year.
I'm going back to Boston next week.
I go into town every weekend.
I go to Boston as often as I can.
I go to Boston whenever I can.
I go skiing every winter.
I don't go skiing every winter.
Tom wasn't very surprised by what happened.
Tom wasn't surprised by what happened.
I go fishing whenever I can.
I go fishing as often as I can.
I go skiing whenever I can.
I go skiing as often as I can.
I go skiing whenever I get the chance.
I go skiing every chance I get.
I go mountain climbing about once a month.
Do you think that I'm funny.
Do you think I'm funny.
Do you think that I'm witty.
Do you think I'm witty.
I'm a dad.
I'm a kid.
I'm a vet.
I've never been on TV.
I'm three.
I'm three years old.
I've been a fool.
Tom said that he thought that I was an idiot.
Tom said he thought that I was an idiot.
Tom said that he thought I was an idiot.
Tom said he thought I was an idiot.
Tom said that he thought that I was a loser.
Tom said he thought that I was a loser.
Tom said that he thought I was a loser.
Tom said he thought I was a loser.
I think that I'm pretty.
I think I'm pretty.
Tom said that he thought that I was unfair.
Tom said he thought that I was unfair.
Tom said that he thought I was unfair.
Tom said he thought I was unfair.
I'm now.
I'm years old now.
I'm thirteen now.
I'm thirteen years old now.
I'm a chef.
I think that I'm a pretty good chef.
I think I'm a pretty good chef.
I'm a bit hoarse today.
I'm sometimes accused of being stingy.
I used to be a farmer.
I want to be a farmer like my father.
I won't be in town next week.
I've been invited to a party.
I'm a parent now.
I used to work as a clown.
I'm a coal miner.
I'm not a rabbi.
My kids are often grouchy in the morning.
My children are often grouchy in the morning.
I usually try to sit in the back.
I'm planning to go skating with Tom this afternoon.
Tom and I are planning to go skating this afternoon.
When was the last time you went skating?
Which do you like better, roller skating or ice skating?
Tom is one of the smartest kids I know.
Tom is one of the smartest kids that I know.
I wasn't at all tempted to do that.
I'm not at all tempted to do that.
I'm a pretty thrifty person.
I'm a pretty thrifty guy.
I'm not willing to help you do that.
I'm a grouch before I have my first cup of coffee.
I'm a nobody.
Some people say that I'm annoying.
Some people say I'm annoying.
Some people say that I'm arrogant.
Some people say I'm arrogant.
I used to be a butcher.
My father is a butcher and I plan to be one, too.
I was a bit careless.
I'm done now.
I was forgiven.
Tom told me that I was gorgeous.
Tom told me I was gorgeous.
Some people say that I look like a woman, but I'm a man.
Some people say I look like a woman, but I'm a man.
I'm not cold.
I'll try not to be late.
I'm not lost.
I think that I'm not lost.
I think I'm not lost.
I'm panicked.
I think that's the sensible choice.
I think that that's the sensible choice.
My feet are dirty.
I've been so lucky.
I haven't been so lucky.
I'm really tense.
You look really tense.
I'm stranded.
I'm stranded here at the airport.
I was stranded on a small island.
I'm talented, I think.
I'm a terrible singer.
I'm a terrible actor.
I'm not a good driver.
I'm not a good guitarist.
I'm the cook.
I'm a barber.
I used to be a barber.
I'm not a barber.
I used to be a butler.
I always wanted to be a jockey.
I've never been a junkie.
I want to become a leader.
I'm a pastor.
My great-great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
I'm a pretty good skater.
I'm agnostic.
I'm biracial.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was deranged.
Tom said he thought that Mary was deranged.
Tom said that he thought Mary was deranged.
Tom said he thought Mary was deranged.
I'm fat, too.
I'm poor, too.
I'm feeling depressed, too.
I'm home now.
I'm feeling a little insecure.
You've inspired me.
Sometimes I get a little paranoid.
I'm rich now.
I'm sick now.
I'm poor now.
I'm very mad.
I'm very old.
I'm after you.
I've been trying to be more assertive.
Our boat sank.
Our boat capsized.
I don't think that I'm conceited.
I don't think I'm conceited.
What I did wasn't dishonest.
I'm fixing it.
I'm fixing it now.
I'll fix it for you.
I've been working as a gardener since last October.
I won't get home until late.
I'm in a rush.
Tom said that he thought that I was being insincere.
Tom said he thought I was being insincere.
Tom said he thought that I was being insincere.
Tom said that he thought I was being insincere.
I was lying before, but I'm not lying now.
I won't be here this evening.
I'll be here today until 2:30.
I'll be here today until 2:30, but tomorrow I'll only be here until noon.
I'm now alone.
I'm not alone anymore.
I'm sometimes accused of being obstinate.
I'm sorry that I've been so secretive.
I'm sorry I've been so secretive.
I'm snowed in.
I got snowed in.
I don't have to sing.
I don't have to stay.
I don't like changes.
I don't need to wait.
I dropped my pencil.
I'm not a grandfather yet.
I'm not a grandmother yet.
How old were you when you became a grandfather?
Tom and Mary aren't newlyweds.
I'm fairly talkative.
Sometimes I'm too bossy.
Sometimes I'm too noisy.
People say that I'm sometimes too picky.
People say I'm sometimes too picky.
I'll be punished for this.
I'll probably be punished for this.
I'll be needing your help.
I'd better do as Tom says.
I worked hard this winter.
I'll go to bed in an hour.
I wasn't waiting for Tom.
I wasn't wearing a jacket.
I won't be going that far.
I'll meet Tom at the gate.
I oppose that.
I have to move.
I'm not going that far.
I stayed in my car.
I stayed at a hotel.
I stayed at a motel.
I stayed back.
I stayed here.
I stayed clear.
I stayed close.
I stayed there.
I stayed there for several weeks.
I stayed there with Tom.
I stayed behind.
I stayed with friends.
I stayed at a B&B.
I've stayed in touch with Tom.
I stayed upstairs.
I stayed in my room.
I stayed at an inn.
I stayed at a small hotel near the lake.
I stayed in Boston.
I stayed in Boston for three weeks.
I stayed in my house.
I stayed at the YMCA.
I stayed for a while.
I stayed there for a while.
I stayed with Tom for a while.
I stayed out all night.
I stayed three years.
I stayed after the party to clean up.
I won't eat.
I won't win.
I won't help.
I won't lose.
I won't pass.
I won't wait.
I won't be mad.
I won't buy it.
I won't change.
We won't be safe here.
I won't come in.
I won't hurt Tom.
I don't think that I'll like it.
I don't think I'll like it.
I won't make it there on time.
I won't miss it.
I won't need your help.
I won't survive here without you.
I won't tell you what you want to know.
I won't be angry.
I won't be bored.
I won't be happy there without you.
I won't drink this.
I don't think that I'll enjoy it.
I don't think I'll enjoy it.
We won't be able to fool Tom.
We won't get away with this.
I won't go alone.
I won't hit Tom.
What is going on in Algeria today?
My family owns this store.
My fate has already been decided.
My fate is sealed.
My father died while I was still a baby.
Tom is the one who told me not to leave.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to leave.
They administered him a polygraph examination.
I'm going to ask you a few simple questions.
I can't believe I actually live in Algiers.
This is a crime investigation.
He left prison wearing a suit.
I miss those shoes.
I don't see why that would be an issue.
"I am pregnant." "Congratulations to you."
"I am pregnant." "Congratulations to you and your husband."
There is no reason to be mean.
She was talking about that man.
That man was hitting on her.
He's ready to begin.
All four of them were crazy.
There's something I need to confess.
She slept with a famous actor.
Is this a truthful statement?
I cannot release that.
He updated his status on his Facebook.
He's an extremely skilled liar.
He's still a person of interest in the case.
He's still a person of interest in the murder case.
He really misses Algiers.
The FBI is looking for him.
He sold those shoes on eBay.
Does he have any information on her?
Those shoes don't fit me anymore.
"I'm pregnant." "Pregnant? How did this happen?"
He has to tell Skura.
I think you can do that without alcohol.
I don't think someone her age can get pregnant.
He didn't expect to see us here.
There is something I need to tell you.
I totally understand that.
Let's go inside and talk about that.
"I'm pregnant and it's yours." "What?!"
I'm Skura, Salas's new girlfriend.
He kept her photo.
Who are these women?
Who are these girls?
She embarrassed herself.
Maybe we should talk in private.
I'm not leaving. I live here.
I am poor.
I don't want you to think I'm not happy about this news.
It's incredibly hot in Algiers today.
Her first appointment is tomorrow.
What makes you so sure that Salas is the father of that baby?
Pregnant women aren't allowed to drink wine.
Pregnant women shouldn't drink wine.
She's so desirable.
He didn't want a serious relationship.
He hurt his back.
Just tell me your name when you call me.
Not one word about suicide.
Please not one word about suicide.
Please not one word about violence.
I think you're wasting your talents with this company.
I don't even know if he's still alive.
Do you really think they're married?
He could kill a man with his bare hands.
He's from the special forces and he could kill a man with his bare hands.
I confirm that you're definitely not pregnant.
She took four different pregnancy tests.
We need to do more tests.
Unfortunately, this isn't my area of expertise.
Tom is an art major.
Tom is wearing a tracksuit.
Tom opened a gym in Boston.
Tom wants to become a movie star.
Tom didn't eat any rice.
Tom didn't like that movie.
Tom is making dinner for me.
Tom is making me dinner.
Tom lives here in Australia.
Tom lives outside of Boston.
Tom must be having a stroke.
Tom must've had a stroke.
Tom is too proud to admit his ignorance.
Tom is too proud to ask anyone for help.
Tom is too proud to ask anybody for help.
Tom is wearing a ridiculous-looking hat.
Tom would be surprised if Mary said that.
Tom has been asked not to speak at the meeting.
Tom is usually at home on Monday, but Mary isn't.
Tom got beaten within an inch of his life.
Tom is bound to find out sooner or later.
You need to be careful when you open this drawer.
Tom got caught trying to steal a bracelet.
Tom is convinced that Mary will do that.
Tom is convinced Mary will do that.
Tom is convinced that Mary won't do that.
Tom is convinced Mary won't do that.
Tom isn't convinced that Mary will do that.
Tom isn't convinced Mary will do that.
Tom isn't convinced that Mary won't do that.
Tom isn't convinced Mary won't do that.
Tom got fired from his job this afternoon.
Tom is going to tell Mary about that.
Tom wasn't going to tell Mary about that.
Tom was going to tell Mary about that.
Tom isn't going to tell Mary about that.
Tom won't tell Mary about that.
Tom is hoping that he can do that with Mary.
Tom is hoping that he can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping he can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping that you can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping that you can do that with him.
Tom is in Australia this month, isn't he?
Tom has been in the basement all morning.
Tom is just pretending that he's tired.
I'm quite interested in astronomy.
I'm very interested in astronomy.
Astronomy is one of my interests.
Astronomy has always been something that has interested me.
I've been studying astronomy as a hobby since I was a kid.
I've been studying astronomy as a hobby since I was a child.
I've been studying astronomy since I was a kid.
I've been studying astronomy since I was a child.
What does an astronomer do?
What kind of salary do astronomers make?
How much do astronomers make?
How many famous astronomers can you name?
What is astronomy?
What's the difference between astronomy and astrology?
Astronomy may possibly be one of the oldest sciences.
Astronomy is one of my hobbies.
I wanted to stay by her side during her pregnancy.
He wants to stay by her side during her pregnancy.
His tumor is curable.
His tumor is highly curable.
She has a curable tumor.
She is not pregnant.
That detective has been taken off the case.
Is Skura's tumor curable?
Skura's tumor is curable.
It's in the report.
When did you get them back?
When did you get your bag back?
It's a text from Skura.
He's coming next week.
He will do it slowly.
He needs to do it slowly.
They both have blue eyes.
He is pretty drunk.
He's pretty drunk.
"You're amazing." "You too".
You should just tell him the truth about that.
The strange fish was analyzed and dissected.
We're working on a lead.
We're working on an interesting lead.
Never do that in front of a man.
This cost me four thousand dinars.
What are all these monstrosities?
An FBI agent is following him.
There has been a plane crash in those mountains.
Your husband is dead. Sorry for your loss.
"He's dead." "No, he's not."
He's not dead and I know where he is.
He was spotted in the shopping mall ten minutes ago.
He called us from a remote region.
They saw two white men carrying bags.
She was wearing hideous boots.
He asked her to fake her own death.
He has a private plane.
This ring is yours.
Keep this ring.
He can't keep a secret.
She can't go to Algeria.
She doesn't even know where Algeria is.
I have made my decision and there is nothing you can do to stop me.
He threw himself off a bridge.
They never found his body.
Have you ever planned a funeral before?
He faked his own death and had his wife stage his funeral.
This is the smoothest chocolate I've ever eaten.
Read the script.
She was so thin.
He wants to fake his death.
He wants to fake his own death.
He read this in the press.
He's not really dead.
You can't do this to Skura.
I forgot we were going out tonight.
He has a brilliant plan.
What do you have a picture of Skura?
Skura is a celebrity.
But Skura is our friend!
He takes pictures of celebrities.
I wouldn't let that money go to Skura.
If you do this, we're through.
Get out of my bed!
They stayed together.
He told her that straight to her face.
He wants to break the story about you and Skura.
I can't believe you're leaving.
I'll miss you so much, Skura.
You're my best friends and I love you.
It's hard to say goodbye.
I was proud to call her my friend.
She could not join us today.
My mother was an angel and an inspiration to me.
It's not easy to say goodbye.
It isn't easy to say goodbye.
What's the name of the bus stop near Tom's house?
I've never seen them.
You need to defend yourselves.
Tom broke the windows.
I don't eat ham.
Tom grabbed the ball.
You need to defend yourself.
Tom loved this movie.
My faith in you has never wavered.
I burned all my old books.
Tom was engaged once.
He's an amateur painter.
She wanted a nude portrait.
He deleted the photo.
His girlfriend told him that.
She's about to kiss him.
Thank you for this wonderful tribute.
His girlfriend is vain.
His girlfriend is crazy.
Skura was more than a friend to me. She was a sister.
I'll miss Skura for ever.
We love you, Skura.
We will miss you for ever.
This is something best buried and forgotten.
She promised herself she wouldn't cry.
He has kept that promise.
He deserves to win an Oscar.
I can't believe Skura is really gone.
I can't believe I miss her.
He couldn't do that.
He couldn't do it.
He had too many reasons to stay in Algeria.
He has too many reasons to stay in Algeria.
He never reported Skura's fake death.
We hoped he would come to his senses.
We're really glad you stayed in Algeria.
Skura is alive.
No matter what happens, we will help you through it.
Goodbye, Skura, until we meet again.
Why didn't he say anything?
He didn't want to hurt her feelings.
She will love it.
I want you to look at me and see a good guy.
Tom is just trying to do the right thing.
"Does that exist?" "Yes, but that's not important."
Tom got killed not too far from his house.
He's making a documentary about Algeria.
Tom got killed the same way that Mary did.
Tom got killed the same way Mary did.
Tom will be late because of the heavy traffic.
We'lll be late because of the heavy traffic.
Tom is often late to work because he oversleeps.
The reporter was embedded with an elite military unit.
Tom was lucky that you helped him with that.
Tom was lucky you helped him with that.
I can't ask you to wait for me.
He's leaving her again.
Tom wasn't ever given the chance to do that.
Tom is obviously glad that we're here.
Tom is obviously glad we're here.
Tom is only pretending that he's tired.
Tom wants to become a pediatrician.
My favorite alcoholic drink is rum.
My favorite Beatles' song is "Yesterday."
My favorite saying is "Two heads are better than one."
I'm favorite subject is biology.
One of my favorite TV shows has been canceled.
My feelings weren't reciprocated.
My feet are bigger than yours.
I hope that your fingerprints aren't on the gun.
I hope your fingerprints aren't on the gun.
Tom didn't eat much for lunch.
Tom got off the bus and started walking home.
Tom has never had a pet.
Tom is making a huge mistake.
Tom teaches French to adults.
Tom teaches French to businessmen.
Tom told me that he wanted to get his tattoo removed.
Tom told me he wanted to get his tattoo removed.
Tom told his son that getting a tattoo was a bad idea.
Tom told his son getting a tattoo was a bad idea.
Who did you bring with you tonight?
He brought his daughter Skura.
She's an actress as well.
She dated a model.
She's so hot.
He texted back.
Tom wants to learn to tango.
Tom wants to learn to waltz.
Tom wanted to learn to tango.
Tom wanted to learn to waltz.
Tom wants to practice French.
Tom wanted to practice French.
Tom is calling from Australia.
Tom is traveling in Australia.
Tom is preparing for an exam.
Tom got a three hundred dollar raise.
Tom is a pretty good pianist.
Tom is a pretty good drummer.
Tom is a pretty good detective.
Tom and I speak French to each other all the time.
My first girlfriend was a blonde.
My first girlfriend was taller than me.
My first guitar was given to me by my father.
My first bicycle was a mountain bike.
My first job was mowing lawns for my neighbors.
My first three marriages ended in divorce.
My first stop was the supermarket.
He never texted her.
She's texting men.
He's texting me.
Now he's texting me.
He updated his Facebook status.
She's going out with a model.
I have a major announcement to make.
He memorized his measurements.
She's your daughter.
He got fat.
They both got fat.
She looks beautiful.
They both look beautiful.
She knows who his father is.
His father is a teacher.
She slept with her director.
She's married.
She found out that she was pregnant.
Skura is such a dated name.
You do realize that my name is Skura, don't you?
"Skura is such a dated name." "Thank you!"
I need to be going.
I don't want to be late for my dentist appointment.
He quit the show.
He's quitting the show.
What do you mean you're quitting?
"I'm quitting." "What do you mean you're quitting?"
He doesn't want to raise his child in an environment that's superficial and meaningless.
She has a lunch date with him.
"I'll text him." "That's unnecessary. I've already told him."
He made up a fake family.
He saw her picture.
He said she was his fiancee.
His parents think he's a huge loser.
I'm not going to be part of this charade.
He fabricated this entire thing.
Skura and I are not engaged and we're not a couple.
He doesn't seem upset at all.
He doesn't understand a word you just said.
He doesn't understand sign language.
I don't think she's too old.
His parents aren't very nice.
Her parents are Algerian.
His parents are dead.
I care for her very much.
I can't read her lips.
I'm posting this on Twitter.
I'm posting this picture on Twitter.
His father is a bit of a Renaissance man.
He made it worse.
He's making it worse.
This is the tough part about having children.
He should keep his opinions for himself.
He apologized.
This is what happens when fire meets fire.
She has a beautiful daughter.
His choices are so great.
His choices are carefully thought out.
He tweeted that photo.
"This is my girlfriend, Sura." "It's Skura."
"This is my girlfriend, Shura." "It's Sku-ra."
She was a working mother.
I don't want be a mother like you.
"I don't want to be a mother like you." "Take that back." "I won't."
"Whisky?" "I'm good."
We're just enjoying each other.
"Anything else." "Nothing."
Something is happening here.
He wants to come out.
She went into labor when she was in the bathroom.
Her face is unattractive.
She's in labor.
Can Tom dance?
I lingered.
We lingered.
I need Tom here.
I hid myself.
We applauded.
Tom was missing.
I've improved.
We ate slowly.
I took pity on Tom.
My mother was a midwife.
You danced well.
You fell asleep.
I need a spatula.
She's in the second stage of labor.
Tom loves them both.
I stopped crying.
I went to prison.
Tom was losing hope.
Tom is losing hope.
Children enjoy it.
The children enjoy it.
Don't you worry. I know what I'm doing.
The children enjoyed it.
Tom lowered his head.
Everything failed.
I cleaned my feet.
What did Tom ask you for?
I don't eat beans.
I seldom eat beans.
Tom isn't living in Boston now.
I loved that game.
It didn't pay off.
Tom was half asleep by the time he got home.
I folded my shirts.
I have some apples.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Australia.
I was wasting time.
I won't swim today.
Tom wants to do that in Boston.
We drove to school.
I respect the choices that you've made.
Tom bought a pair of flip-flops.
I quickened my pace.
Your daughter's ambulance should be here soon.
She should call her husband.
Tom has been making horrible choices.
I keep forgetting that you're married.
Her husband is a model.
You should lie down.
I was riding a horse.
He did a little modeling in his day.
He was a teacher.
Tom is a fashion designer, isn't he?
I'll be away on business.
I can't say no to you.
I'll be away on business for a week.
That was a heartfelt performance.
The camera is gonna love her.
Tom fell in love with his secretary.
She has her father's nose.
What we need is more time.
He has his grandmother's eyes.
Tom is moving back in with his parents.
I fell asleep on the beach.
Tom bought a used car in Australia and spent three months driving around the country.
What we need is more money.
Tom has lost his passport again.
You fed the dog, didn't you?
Tom is out partying with some friends.
You were bored, weren't you?
Tom doesn't speak to me anymore.
I used to drink a lot of coffee.
Tom shares his apartment with three other guys.
Tom shares his apartment with three other students.
I used to eat a lot of chocolate.
Tom speaks enough French to get by.
What we need are more volunteers.
Tom will be on the first flight to Boston tomorrow morning.
I couldn't do anything at that time.
I couldn't do anything about that at that time.
Tom put everything into a big box and then carried it out to his car.
We haven't dealt with that problem yet.
We haven't yet dealt with that problem.
Tom found a picture of Mary on John's phone.
I don't complain now as much as I used to.
Tom is the luckiest man in the world.
Tom is one of the luckiest guys that I know.
Tom is one of the luckiest guys I know.
I like raw meat!
We'll soon get the opportunity to change that.
I am just a realist.
Tom may not come back to Boston after all.
You need to learn how to defend yourselves.
You'll need to learn how to defend yourselves.
You'll need to learn how to defend yourself.
Tom moved to Boston to study guitar with a well-known guitarist.
I'll introduce you to a friend of mine who used to live in Australia.
Tom flew all to way to Boston just to see me.
I won't ever leave you again.
We waited for ten minutes.
I won't quit now.
We were waiting for ten minutes.
I won't stop now.
I'm not going to stop now.
I won't use that.
I won't ever use that.
I hope that I don't get caught.
I got my watch repaired.
I hope I don't get caught.
I won't be coming.
I won't be harmed.
I won't be needed.
I won't buy bread.
I'm not going to buy bread.
There's no point in arguing with you.
I won't come back here.
I won't ever come back here.
I won't die today.
You're not going to die today.
I won't fire Tom.
I won't stop Tom.
I won't catch Tom.
I won't leave Tom.
I won't let Tom in.
I won't let Tom win.
I won't buy Tom that.
I won't buy that for Tom.
I won't speak to Tom.
I won't see Tom again.
I won't argue with Tom.
I won't drive Tom home.
I refuse to drive Tom home.
I won't give Tom money.
I won't let Tom see me do that.
I won't do that for Tom.
I won't give Tom a gift.
I won't give a gift to Tom.
I won't hug Tom anymore.
I won't let Tom do this.
I won't let Tom help you.
I won't let Tom help Mary.
I won't let you help Tom.
I won't let anyone help Tom.
I won't let anybody help Tom.
I won't likely kiss Tom.
I won't see Tom anymore.
I won't stop loving Tom.
I won't stop loving you.
I won't be able to fool Tom again.
I won't even look at Tom.
I won't let Tom kiss me.
I won't even speak to Tom.
I won't give Tom a chance.
I won't go to Tom's party.
I won't tell Tom anything.
I won't tell Tom about that.
I won't bother Tom anymore.
I won't give Tom any money.
I won't give any money to Tom.
I won't visit Tom tomorrow.
I won't be able to fool Tom.
I'm Tom's age.
I'm Tom's hero.
I'm Tom's type.
I'm behind Tom.
I'm dating Tom.
I'm Tom's agent.
I'm blaming Tom.
I've been hard on Tom.
I've been rude to Tom.
I hope that I didn't scare Tom.
I hope I didn't scare Tom.
I'm angry at Tom.
I'm close to Tom.
I'm Mary's fianc.
I'm Tom's manager.
I'm Tom's stepdad.
I'm Tom's stepson.
I'm Tom's stepdaughter.
I'm Tom's trainer.
I'm at Tom's place.
I'm back with Tom.
I'm in Tom's room.
I'm ready for Tom.
I'm scared of Tom.
I'm cuter than Mary, I think.
Don't you think that I'm cuter than Mary?
Don't you think I'm cuter than Mary?
I'm Tom's gardener.
I'm Tom's grandson.
I'm Tom's landlord.
I'm Tom's landlady.
I'm Tom's only kid.
I'm Tom's only son.
I'm dating Tom now.
I'm half Tom's age.
I'm in Tom's group.
I'm nicer than Tom.
I'm nicer than Tom, aren't I?
Why are you staring at Tom?
I'm upset with Tom.
I'm worse than Tom.
I'm Tom's chauffeur.
I'm Tom's last hope.
I'm your last hope.
I'm one of Tom's professors.
I'm busier than Tom.
I'm busier than Tom is.
I'm usually busier than Tom is.
I'll be eating with Tom.
I'm faster than Tom.
I'm faster than Tom is.
I'm a faster runner than Tom.
I'm a faster runner than Tom is.
I'm a faster swimmer than Tom.
I'm a faster swimmer than Tom is.
I usually walk faster than Tom.
I usually walk faster than Tom does.
I'm fatter than Tom.
I'm fatter than Tom is.
I'm helping Tom now.
I've been helping Tom all morning.
I'm in Tom's office.
I'm richer than Tom.
I'm richer than Tom is.
I'll be going skiing with Tom next weekend.
I'm twice Tom's age.
I'm very mad at Tom.
I'm one of Tom's competitors.
I'm Tom's ex-wife.
I'm one of Tom's ex-wives.
I'm Tom's oldest kid.
I hurt Tom.
I sued Tom.
I blamed Tom.
I chased Tom.
I choked Tom.
I phoned Tom.
I pitied Tom.
I pity Tom.
I pushed Tom.
I greeted Tom.
I punched Tom.
I scolded Tom.
I slugged Tom.
I stopped Tom from doing that.
We won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
I tied Tom up.
I gave Tom CPR.
I hit Tom hard.
I let Tom swim.
I bid Tom adieu.
I buzzed Tom in.
I got Tom a job.
I let Tom speak.
I made Tom jump.
I made Tom stop.
I paid Tom back.
I picked Tom up.
I saw Tom laugh.
I saw Tom laughing.
I threw Tom out.
I took Tom home.
I turned Tom in.
I went to Tom's.
I cut Tom's hair.
I cut Tom's hair for him.
I drove Tom home.
I gave Tom a gun.
I gave a gun to Tom.
I gave Tom a nod.
I held Tom close.
I held Tom tight.
I helped Tom out.
I invited Tom in.
I left Tom there.
I let Tom escape.
I made Tom do it.
I made Tom smile.
I owed Tom money.
I owed Tom a lot of money.
I owed Tom three hundred dollars.
I owe Tom a lot.
I put Tom to bed.
I shot Tom's dog.
I think Tom won.
I think that Tom won.
I took Tom along.
I took Tom's arm.
I want Tom back.
I watched Tom go.
I blew Tom a kiss.
I broke Tom's jaw.
I broke Tom's mug.
I called Tom over.
I fixed Tom's car.
I followed Tom in.
I gave Tom a call.
I gave Mary a doll.
I gave a doll to Mary.
I gave Tom a gift.
I gave Tom a hand.
I gave Tom a kiss.
I gave Tom a lift.
I gave Tom a push.
I gave Tom a ring.
I gave Tom a tie.
I heard Tom laugh.
I heard Tom shout.
I heard Tom shouting.
I hit Tom, not Mary.
I hugged Tom, too.
I kicked Tom hard.
I knew Tom did it.
I know Tom cried.
I know that Tom cried.
I knew that Tom did it.
I lent Tom a book.
I lent a book to Tom.
I let Tom go home.
I liked Tom's car.
I like Tom's car.
I like Tom's dog.
I made Tom suffer.
I met Tom at work.
I met Tom in 2013.
I met Tom outside.
I pushed Tom away.
I put Tom on hold.
I read Tom a poem.
I read a poem to Tom.
I read Tom's note.
I didn't read Tom's note.
I saw Tom running.
I saw Tom waiting.
I didn't know that Tom was waiting.
I didn't know Tom was waiting.
I saw Tom working.
I sent Tom a card.
I sent a card to Tom.
I sent Tom a gift.
I sent a gift to Tom.
I sent Tom a text.
I shook Tom awake.
I tried to shake Tom awake.
I stole Tom's car.
I wasn't the one who stole Tom's car.
I taught Tom golf.
I texted Tom back.
I think Tom lied.
I think that Tom lied.
I told Tom that I'd won.
I told Tom I'd won.
I told Tom to lie.
I asked Tom to lie.
I asked Tom to lie for me.
I took Tom's book.
I didn't take Tom's book.
I treat Tom well.
I treated Tom well.
I didn't treat Tom well.
I walked Mary home.
I wanted Tom dead.
I watched Tom eat.
I watched Tom eating.
I adopted Tom's idea.
I used Tom's idea.
I stole Tom's idea.
I thought that Tom's idea was a good one.
I thought Tom's idea was a good one.
I bought Tom a car.
I bought a car for Tom.
I bought Tom a dog.
I bought Tom lunch.
I called Tom again.
I need to call Tom again.
I want to call Tom again.
I have to call Tom again.
I ought to call Tom again.
I should call Tom again.
I called Tom names.
I eyed Tom's plate.
I followed Tom out.
I followed Tom out of the room.
I followed Tom across the bridge.
I followed Tom down the path.
I followed Tom up the stairs.
I found Tom a seat.
I found a seat for Tom.
I gave Tom a drink.
I gave Tom a knife.
I gave a knife to Tom.
I gave Tom a puppy.
I gave a puppy to Tom.
I gave Tom a shove.
I gave Tom a smile.
I gave Tom a towel.
I handed Tom a towel.
I handed a towel to Tom.
I gave Tom a watch.
I gave a watch to Tom.
I kneeled.
I kneeled down.
I may die soon.
I said hi.
I've grown.
I've got one.
I've matured.
I've grown up.
I've been paid.
I haven't been paid.
I've come back.
I've done well.
I've fired Tom.
I've never met you before, have I?
I've got a boat.
I've got a lead.
I've got a rash.
I've had a talk with Tom about that.
I've located it.
I've never lost before.
I've stopped it.
I've tried that.
I've been trying.
I've done enough.
I've earned this.
I've earned this vacation.
I've wronged you.
I've just begun.
I've been drugged.
I've been paroled.
I've been patient.
I've changed that.
I've come to help.
I've fed the fish.
I've already fed the fish.
Have you fed the fish?
Have you already fed the fish?
I've had a lot of fun here.
I've lost so much.
I've lost a lot.
I've already begun.
I've already started.
I've already voted.
I haven't voted yet.
I've been deceived.
I've been defeated.
I've changed a lot.
I've done it right.
I've done it wrong.
I've earned a rest.
I've just returned.
I've made progress.
I think that I've paid too much.
I think I've paid too much.
I've achieved a lot.
I've arrived safely.
I've been convicted.
I've been very good.
I've been well paid.
I've discussed this with Tom already.
I've already discussed this with Tom.
I've done very well.
I've drunk too much.
I've earned a break.
I've had a bad time.
I've had a long day.
I've improved a lot.
I've just been shot.
I've just been told never to do that again.
I think that I've met my match.
I think I've met my match.
I've paid my dues.
I haven't yet paid my dues.
I haven't paid my dues yet.
I've started eating meat again.
I've still got time.
I've talked it over with Tom.
I think that I've wasted my time here.
I think I've wasted my time here.
I learned a lot about astronomy from Tom.
I've learned a lot about astronomy from Tom.
I have a lot of books about astronomy.
It's a rather quixotic goal.
You should start as soon as possible.
The house is surrounded by stone wall.
The mail is delivered before noon.
Marie dreamed about Tom.
He is not a believer whose stomach is filled while his neighbor goes hungry.
I am sorry for the accidental typo.
He was born and raised as a Muslim.
His lived in an Islamic country.
He considered himself to be Muslim more than anything.
He attended an Islamic school.
He converted to Islam when he was in college.
He studied the Quran from a non-religious perspective.
He studied the Quran first.
He focused a lot on the Quran.
Islamic teachings are very clear.
I worship God.
She's engaged to be married.
He was looking for a mosque.
He didn't like what he saw in the mosque.
He went from mosque to mosque.
His father is an imam.
How can I connect with God?
He read the Quran for himself.
You need to read the Quran for yourself.
He invited me to the mosque.
She bought her first hijab.
Her first hijab was perfect.
Her hijab was perfect.
Her fiancee wasn't Muslim.
He went to the Friday prayer.
He embraced Islam as well.
My conversion to Islam wasn't very easy.
Muslims don't reject Jesus.
Islam doesn't reject Jesus.
Islam doesn't reject Abraham and Moses.
I learned more about Islam.
What does this mean to you as a Muslim?
They're not Muslim.
When he converted to Islam, he became less self-centered.
A good Muslim should speak good words to people.
We moved to Algeria when I was four.
My father is originally from Algeria.
I was raised Sunni Muslim.
I never went to the mosque every Friday.
I never went to church every Sunday.
I've been Muslim for four and a half years now.
He started to teach me about Islam.
I started to fast for Ramadan.
I started to study the Quran.
They became Muslim in 2004.
His mother is Muslim and she is super religious.
He went to Algeria for a break.
Muslims aren't supposed to pray in the bathroom.
I'm Muslim now.
"I want to become Muslim." "What? Do you want to be Arab?" "No. I said that I wanted to be Muslim."
When I became Muslim, my mom thought that I betrayed the family.
He defends Islam and Muslims.
He said something bad about Islam.
I gave him a Quran.
I know that he reads the Quran sometimes.
This is forbidden in Islam.
I converted to Islam but I never lost my identity.
We're here to talk about Islam.
Unfortunately, we don't have a lot of knowledge about Islam.
They believe in Islam.
How is Jesus depicted in Islam?
How is Jesus depicted in the Quran?
Jesus, peace be upon him, is mentioned in the Quran.
Jesus is not the son of God.
To be a Muslim, you must believe in Jesus.
Muslims believe that Jesus, peace be upon him, was one of God's messengers.
Jesus never claimed to be the son of God.
I need to repent to God.
I need to repent to my Lord.
The Quran has a whole chapter discussing Jesus's birth.
The Quran has a whole chapter discussing Jesus and Mary.
Muslims believe in the miraculous birth of Jesus.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus is divine.
Adam was created from clay.
Adam, peace be upon him, was created from clay.
Mary, peace be upon her, gave birth to Jesus, peace and blessings be upon him.
I'm a servant of God.
She bought her first hijab in Algeria.
What does Islam say about Jesus?
Muslims don't believe that Jesus was crucified.
Muslims believe that Jesus was saved by God.
Muslims believe that Jesus was saved from crucifixion.
Muslims believe that Jesus will come back to fight the Antichrist.
Muslims don't worship Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims don't worship the Kaaba.
God is one and Jesus, peace be upon him, is the messenger and servant of God.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus died.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus, peace be upon him, died for our sins.
What? You say that last week you saw two beavers playing ping-pong with their big flat tails?
Big black snakes enjoy scaring hikers by hanging from trees.
"How was the movie?" "It was tedious to watch."
Algerians and Turks are brothers.
Asking is important.
Come back as soon as possible.
Have you found the flashdrive?
The opossum loves to collect small shiny things, like pieces of glass or metal bottle caps, to ornament its "luxurious" nest.
If you get tired, get some rest.
He's burning old books.
I don't like this font.
Tom drinks only coffee.
If only she were younger.
Show me that photo.
Poor bastard.
Have you seen a doctor?
Have you been to see a doctor?
This is the most ancient aqueduct in France.
It's boring here.
The president is elected for five year term.
it's an ancient aqueduct.
This bridge won't hold the weight of our car.
He sat half-turned towards me.
I listened with half an ear.
You're letting your talent go to waste.
It's a crime to let your talent go to waste.
It's a reproduction item.
My car is older than you.
It's a famous quote.
This is the most visited website in the world.
They're low-quality.
This is a difficult game to play.
The truth, as always, lies somewhere in the middle.
It was exactly one hundred years ago.
It's an armistice.
It's a lifebuoy ring.
It's a neighbouring country.
It's an enemy country.
It's a very beautiful song.
I can't spell the word correctly.
He broke his tooth.
She's wearing a long white dress.
This town has strange traditions.
The water in the river is dirty.
You help children.
"Thank you for your help." "No problem."
"Thank you for your help." "Don't mention it."
The boss is very pleased.
And what am I going to tell them?
France is a beautiful country.
Don't get scared.
I don't like this music.
It's a wonderful song.
The ash is a tree.
The oak is a tree.
Charles is asking for some wine.
You have no hair.
The mousie was eaten by a cat.
My parents were invited to Naples.
Your teeth are healthy.
Mary was pretty once.
The Eiffel Tower is very tall.
My brother is sick.
What a smart-ass.
This video game is very realistic.
It's mainly clear today.
There is a war raging.
Light pollution in the cities is hindering a starry view of the night sky.
What is your wife's shoe size?
A huge Christmas display is lighting up the Washington Nationals baseball stadium in the nation's capital.
Some two and a half million Christmas lights, a meter high artificial Christmas tree, and an ice skating trail have turned the Washington Nationals stadium into a glowing winter wonderland.
Artificial Christmas trees are gaining popularity. But for most people, it's just not Christmas if their house doesn't smell like a pine forest.
When Christmas comes around, people start decorating their houses with ornaments, stockings, and, of course, Christmas trees.
The trees always look much bigger inside your house than they do outside.
Tom and Mary have a cute little Christmas tree inside their home.
The prettiest shaped trees quickly get sold and the ones that didn't get picked are turned into wreaths or decorations.
Add a few ornaments, lights and a pile of intricately wrapped gifts under the tree and it means that Christmas has arrived!
A team of Mexican entrepreneurs were the winners of the Hult Prize -- a $million award presented each year to aspiring young visionaries from around the world who are creating businesses with a positive social impact.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, whos been a major supporter of the Hult Prize since its inception in 2009, announced the winners.
"These young people are our best hope for the future, Clinton said. Look at them! They are from all over the world. They are happy to be together. They think what they have in common is more important then what divides them."
Rutopia, the winner, connects tourists with indigenous communities in rural areas of Mexico.
"I was an investment banker, the child of refugees, who felt unfulfilled with their own life and my contribution to society, he said. So I felt young people had to choose: be good or be cold-hearted investment bankers. So I created The Hult Prize as a platform to equip them, arm them, and then deploy capital to these young people and their ideas; capital that can help them change the world."
Previous Hult Prize winners have included people like Mohammed Ashour, co-founder and CEO of the Aspire Food Group, which harvests crickets as a source of protein to feed the world.
The theme for the Hult Prize is the issue of climate change.
The legal thriller "Dark Waters" by filmmaker Todd Haynes, follows corporate defense attorney Rob Billot as he investigates over a 20-year period the causes of widespread illness and death of cattle and people in a farm community of West Virginia.
Based on a true story, the film aims to entertain but also to increase awareness about how hazardous chemicals pose a threat to public health.
In the movie, health problems emerge after a chemical company dumps toxic chemicals in local waters.
The Notre Dame fire spewed dozens of tons of toxic lead-dust into the atmosphere.
Lead poisoning can cause a permanent loss of cognitive ability and infertility.
Ole Einar Bjrndalen from Norway won the biathlon 10km sprint.
I've worked so hard.
I've been so worried.
I've had a complaint.
I've had a good year.
I've had it analyzed.
I've helped Tom a lot.
I've let myself go.
I've lost some blood.
I've made that clear.
I think that I've made my point.
I've never lost hope.
I've ordered a pizza.
I've really improved.
I've run out of time.
I've seen three wars.
I've waited too long.
I've already finished.
I've already fixed it.
I've always been weak.
I've been cooperative.
I've done enough harm already.
I've dropped my pen.
I've given up on love.
I've had a great week.
I've had my problems.
I've had some success.
I've had some success doing it that way.
I've learned a lesson.
I've lost my funding.
I missed my bus.
Tom and I've never been apart.
I've never been this happy.
I've never gone there.
I've only got an hour.
I only have an hour.
I've run out of paint.
I've run out of sugar.
I've run out of water.
I've taken a big risk.
I know I've been shot.
I know that I've been shot.
I've already forgotten.
I've already forgotten how to do that.
Tom has made a lot of videos about Australia.
Tom was born and raised in a small town.
Tom crawled into bed and fell asleep.
Tom is supposed to be teaching us French.
Tom is supposed to be teaching in French.
Data were restored.
Tom got hit by lightning.
I knew that it was you.
I don't like Tom's car.
I broke Tom's coffee cup.
Tom is listening to messages on his answering machine.
Tom wants to audition for that part.
Tom doesn't want to audition for that part.
Tom is going to audition for that part.
Tom isn't going to audition for that part.
It sounds more natural.
In this area, I encounter Berber everywhere.
This year, the Orthodox Easter coincides with the Catholic one.
This year, the Orthodox and the Catholic Easter coincide.
I am an atheist, but I am an orthodox atheist!
After the fast comes the break-fast.
Tom's wife was pregnant at the time.
Jennifer Merrill left her husband of years after he voted for Donald Trump during the U.S. presidential election.
Merrill is among 11% of Americans who have ended a serious relationship due to political differences, according to a poll.
I must leave early today.
Merrill maintains a good relationship with her ex.
Merrill maintains a good relationship with her ex  as long as they dont discuss politics, religion or gun control.
Merrill says there were other issues in her marriage.
Shed had a growing sense that she and her partner weren't compatible.
Her husbands steady shift to the political right during their 24-year marriage was a source of frustration and embarrassment for liberal Jennifer Merrill, but it wasnt until the election of Donald Trump  and her husbands support for the president  that shed finally had enough.
Merrill moved out and filed for divorce.
I just couldn't see sharing a bed with somebody that agreed with what Trump was doing when I was so against everything that Trump represented, says Merrill, a book editor for a trade association, and the mother of three children.
He had no sensitivity for how I felt.
He would just laugh about it.
So that just made me very, very angry.
Tell me: what is cottage cheese made from?
Tell me what cottage cheese is made from.
Finances are traditionally the biggest cause of strife in a relationship.
Seventy percent of a fried egg is water.
Do you want gingerbread cookies?
You're having fun.
Rudy Giuliani, who is not Jewish, claims he's more Jewish than Holocaust survivor George Soros because Soros "doesn't go to church."
You're having fun, aren't you?
I have to leave earlier today than usual.
I have to leave early today.
Tom works outside.
Tom wrote it down.
Tom wrote me back.
Tom yells at Mary a lot.
Tom's bus has arrived.
Tom's dog is here.
Tom's mother died.
Why did Tom cheat?
Does Tom like dogs?
I bet Tom ran away.
I bet that Tom ran away.
Stop defending Tom.
Tom bought a rifle.
Tom bought me food.
Tom bought food for me.
Tom came back home last week.
Tom still lives in the same house that his parents bought when he was three years old.
This is the third time that I've been to Boston.
This is the third time I've been to Boston.
I'm not the one who shot Tom's dog.
I'm not the one that shot Tom's dog.
It wasn't me who shot Tom's dog.
I wasn't the one who shot Tom's dog.
I gave Tom a lift home.
I've already got a job.
I don't have a job yet.
I don't yet have a job.
I've already said that.
I got there too early.
I've been disqualified.
I hope that I don't get disqualified.
I hope I don't get disqualified.
I've been here a while.
I've been here an hour.
I've been lucky so far.
So far, I've been lucky.
I've been pretty lucky.
I've been right so far.
I've been up all night.
I've been awake all night.
I've been very patient.
I've been warned three times.
I've called the police.
I haven't yet called the police.
The rules have been changed.
I didn't know this town had a new beach.
I've been to a new beach.
I've been to the new beach.
Algiers has many beaches.
Algeria has many nice beaches.
He wants to do everything.
He has been to a nude beach.
What's on your list?
Do you really think you can sell that stuff?
My list hasn't changed.
No regrets.
There are many people I wronged.
She has just stolen your boyfriend.
He never told her about the audition.
It's never too late to apologize.
I went to Tom's place.
It's not on my list.
He auditioned for the part.
He left her a nice bottle of wine.
He brought her a nice bottle of wine.
He wants to be Zorro.
He's in Algiers.
He tried to sell his ridiculous hats.
"What are you eating?" "It's called couscous."
She had sex with a cop.
Her husband is a pilot.
It's me, Skura.
This is her ex-boyfriend.
Would you mind putting that down?
Are you gonna eat that?
It was an instant connection.
He was rowing.
The boat started sinking.
Maybe he did you a favor.
He was a great acting teacher.
He's big enough to do that.
He taught acting.
A party is a great idea.
Every time I see him, he reminds me of Sean Connery.
What should we do for entertainment?
Let's add him to the guest list.
It was a fabulous party.
The pizza smells good.
A beautiful woman in a red dress is a tempting combination.
He was staring at the surveillance camera.
He waited in line for four hours.
His father is a bus driver.
Her husband is a cop.
Skura is coming.
Skura is coming, too.
He owns the music hall.
They just had sex.
They had sex in an elevator.
I allowed Tom to speak.
I am ashamed of you.
I'm gonna take a nap.
"I'm gonna take a nap." "Me too."
He's probably in Algiers, sleeping with another woman.
Is he coming, too?
That party was a good excuse to come to Algiers.
If this isn't rape, I don't know that it is.
He was explaining the plot to his friends.
He's a great teacher.
He's a great teacher and artist.
He's a great artist.
Her husband is an artist.
Her husband is a teacher.
Be prepared for some very special entertainment.
Stop that thing.
She's just a crazy woman.
There's Mr Amzil.
Where's Skura's name?
He's our casting director.
That's Skura's boyfriend.
He sabotaged her career.
He's going to use that club to kill her.
Are you trying to say you're forty?
He's in the kitchen with Skura.
You take care of Skura.
What is Skura doing here?
I was invited by Skura.
He needs to go.
I've come to get her back.
Don't mention my name.
I don't even know her name.
I'm so sorry. I made a big mistake. I need another chance.
He slept with other women.
He was just leaving.
They're together again.
They used to share an apartment.
He never showed up.
He never told me.
He never told me that.
She slept with Skura's boyfriend.
I think it's a comedy.
I think it's a horror movie.
I'll never speak to him again.
He had a great career.
He was awful to me.
I hope you could find a way to forgive me.
It's so pretentious.
I'm glad to have you back in my life.
More wine, please.
You deserve the Oscar.
You should win an Oscar.
I still think about our night together.
Did they see us?
You don't need to call me that.
They're just an ordinary couple.
What's our cover story?
"Are you staying at this hotel?" "Who's asking?"
My wife is Algerian.
Say hello to Skura.
He spent a night at a motel.
"She's a screamer." "What?" "She screams when she has sex."
See you back at the motel.
"See you back at the motel." "OK."
He sleeps in the nude.
This would make him less suspicious.
He sleeps with a knife.
She sleeps with scissors.
He was doing undercover work for the police.
He doesn't do stunts.
I came up with that name.
You should get rid of that dog.
Are you running for city council?
He can't even pronounce her name properly.
I wish I had married a nice guy like him.
Her boyfriend is a bad boy.
He's dating a very beautiful lady.
I think he's having a stroke.
I'm here to announce my candidacy for Congress.
She's just an actress.
He cares about dogs.
People love him.
We're professionals.
He has an Algerian girlfriend.
We need information on him.
Your boss can kiss my ass.
I admire that about you.
Feel this muscle.
I have to admit I'm having fun.
You're making a damn fool of yourself.
He's so politically correct.
She's perfect.
This is my new manager.
He's a station manager.
Her husband is a station manager.
He just kept saying that.
He's so warm and caring.
He's so sexy.
Call me Skura.
He sent Skura to her room.
On a scale of one to ten, how do I look?
He has work to do.
Why didn't you tell me he was Algerian?
He's not racist.
He gave her a wonderful foot massage.
It's a little chilly in here.
That you for coming here.
He's a disabled man.
He's baseball hero.
He didn't notice.
He never did it.
He didn't even notice.
He downloaded the files.
This made her jealous.
He was thinking of her.
He broke up with his Algerian girlfriend.
He wants to spend some more time with her.
She slept with Sean Connery.
He's running against you.
He's running for city council.
Her hands are too big.
"You have beautiful hands." "And you're adorable."
I prefer to make the first move.
He kissed her first.
That was quite nice.
She's out of reach.
"You really have an Algerian girlfriend?" "Yes."
I'll be at your door in an hour.
Are you OK, Skura?
She's attracted to bad boys.
He's a really good guy.
She's always attracted to the wrong man.
She's dating a nice guy.
It's always my fault.
It's always his fault.
He's good at this.
I am just being myself.
That's what the manager said.
This is his Twitter account.
He's got a plane to catch.
He's moving back to Algeria.
He's our hero.
Just be positive.
"Just be positive." "How?"
He's gone and he left a note.
Where should we look first?
She's a sex symbol.
"Do you google yourself?" "It's my morning ritual."
She has huge hands.
She has giant hands.
She has huge man hands.
She has ugly hands.
She has very big hands.
He's playing volleyball.
I think we're going to Algeria.
What do they think of Algeria?
They're soon going to Algeria.
I went instead of Tom.
I've come here to help.
I've found the problem.
I haven't found the problem.
I haven't found the problem yet.
I haven't yet found the problem.
I've had no complaints so far.
I've had quite a shock.
I've had very bad luck.
I've just about got it.
I've learned that's OK.
I've learned that that's OK.
I've learned to adjust.
I've been left with no choice.
I've made several improvements.
I've made some changes.
We're talking about what everyone is talking about.
He's facing deportation.
I've made a few mistakes.
He suspects everyone.
I'm horrified by his actions.
I think that I've omitted something.
I think I've omitted something.
He was horrified by her actions.
I think that I might've omitted something.
I think I might've omitted something.
Is this a gay bar?
We're from Algeria.
I think that I may have omitted something.
I think I may have omitted something.
We are Amish.
Algeria has more Berber speakers than Libya.
She's a super model.
She's just a regular model.
He has just begun his shift.
He has her number.
We really need her number.
There are no telephones in Amish country.
Are the Amish friendly to outsiders?
They slept at the bar.
My flight has been delayed.
You're the one that we need to talk to.
Tom worked for me.
Tom will fix this.
People are trying to sleep here.
He's an outsider.
I thought you were going to Algeria.
You can't leave me here with these people.
She has the face of a goddess.
Look at your hair.
Look at your face.
Where is Skura?
He left with Skura.
I'll give you the directions to his farm.
He needs to look on the bright side.
I'm kind of enjoying myself here.
To be honest, I'm kind of enjoying myself here.
That's our sign language.
She's so beautiful to look at.
Her hands are so soft.
You can buy this mascara anywhere.
She's wearing mascara.
She's a teenager.
He returned to his Amish ways.
They like you.
He has never seen your show.
I'm so touched.
He's living on an Amish farm.
You don't know who Sean Connery is?
Move your ass.
No power in Amish country.
I don't have food.
I don't want to be one of those guys.
They're hookers.
I don't really know what it is.
I ordered this.
Her husband is a plastic surgeon.
He's a plastic surgeon.
He always wants something more.
Being here is very freeing.
Being here in Algeria is very freeing.
He tasted the butter.
You know Skura already.
He got excited about that.
A man is here.
I've got to get to Algeria.
I've embraced Islam.
I've got to get back to Algeria.
He said that exact speech when he went to Algeria.
They don't even know who I am.
He wants to learn to be at peace with himself.
He read the whole Bible.
There is no TV here.
No TV in Amish country.
No Internet in Amish country.
This is the governor's wife.
He's on the porch.
This is his brainchild.
She's not your husband's mistress.
I'm going to stay in Algeria.
He should just keep his mouth shut.
Why is he so paranoid?
She has a skinny butt.
His wife looks like she's a million years old.
I'm trying to help you, you asshole!
I need to go home and tell my husband about that.
Her husband has been cheating on her.
He did nothing to me.
She's a woman of low moral character.
You're not going to prison.
It doesn't feel like a celebration without Skura.
He wanted to be Muslim.
We're glad you're home.
He experienced their way of life.
It was a journey of discovery.
He followed me here.
Her husband followed her here.
He has found her.
I'm sorry I have left with such haste.
I want to build a life with you.
She's not a virgin.
He has four kids.
Let's discuss it over dinner tonight.
Would you mind helping me for a second.
This is the Statue of Liberty.
She's trying to attack me.
Why are you training your dog to attack people?
He's trying his dog to attack people.
He can't jump.
His dog is in the kitchen.
They're the kind of friends that can tell each other anything.
He can't even get his dog to sit.
This is a weird story.
He was having a particularly bad day.
She married a prisoner.
She was writing letters to a prisoner.
He used your name.
She's a terrible sister.
He had a violent history.
He was a violent criminal.
He's her pen pal.
I'm gonna come get you.
He escaped.
He was just paroled yesterday.
Most people believe fake news.
I promised Tom that I'd help her.
The English king Charles I was beheaded.
His surprise seemed to be sincere.
Do you have a fire extinguisher?
I like beautiful and intelligent women.
People need hope.
Finally, a decent comment.
The neighbor's dog is dangerous.
This is your only opportunity.
I reached the river.
Trajano was born in Spain.
The time'll come, and you'll understand.
A hard-working man will succeed in life.
My flight is supposed to arrive at 2:30.
Russian girls like Icelanders.
I've only got this one.
I've only just started.
Tom is sure he's doing the right thing.
Tom is sure that he's doing the right thing.
I've run out of coffee.
Tom was surprised Mary was on John's side.
Tom was surprised that Mary was on John's side.
Tom and I've said our goodbyes.
Tom will be surprised if I can do that.
I've said that already.
Tom would be surprised if we were able to do that.
I slept a long time.
Tom wasn't surprised when he saw Mary crying.
I've taken precautions.
Tom wasn't the first name that we thought of.
I've tried this before.
I haven't tried this before.
Tom is the guy who went skiing with Mary.
Tom isn't the guy who went skiing with Mary.
Tom wasn't the guy who went skiing with Mary.
I've accomplished a lot.
I think that I've accomplished a lot.
I think I've accomplished a lot.
Tom wasn't the last to cross the finish line.
Tom wasn't the last one to cross the finish line.
Tom wasn't the last person to cross the finish line.
Tom will regret doing that for the rest of his life.
My flight leaves at 2:30.
My French has gotten much better.
I've been a naughty boy.
Tom wasn't the only boy Mary saw in the park.
Tom wasn't the only boy that Mary saw in the park.
I've been asked to help.
I hope nobody asks me to help.
I hope no one asks me to help.
I hope that nobody asks me to help.
I hope that no one asks me to help.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know that.
My French has improved a lot since I started studying with Tom.
I need to do a bit of shopping.
I need to do some shopping.
Tom wasn't supposed to be paid for doing that.
Tom is a tennis instructor.
Tom used to be a tennis instructor.
Tom got kicked out of the restaurant.
Tom should've gotten kicked out of the restaurant.
I need to borrow your umbrella.
My French has improved quite a bit.
Tom is supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom isn't supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom became a chef.
I think that my French pronunciation is much better than Tom's.
I think my French pronunciation is much better than Tom's.
My mother is taller than yours.
My father isn't as tall as yours.
Tom squeezed oranges.
I'm a veterinarian.
Today is Christmas Eve.
It is Christmas Eve today.
I've been fooled before.
I don't think that I've ever been fooled before.
I don't think I've ever been fooled before.
I like listening to Beethoven.
I like listening to music by Beethoven.
Bear down.
The girl went to the school even though she was ill.
The girl went to the school despite being sick.
Tom went to school even though he was sick.
Tom went to school even though he wasn't feeling well.
Tom went to school even though his doctor told him that he shouldn't.
Tom went to school even though his doctor told him he shouldn't.
Tom speaks five languages, one of which is Russian.
Tom went to school even though his mother told him that he was too sick to go.
Tom went to school even though his mother told him he was too sick to go.
I've done what I could.
I've done everything I could.
I ate lunch with my friends.
I ate lunch with my friends in the cafeteria.
I ate lunch in the cafeteria with my friends.
We're all high school students.
I used to work at the airport.
Do you still work at the airport?
Tom and Mary go to the same university.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Please wait here a minute.
Do you have a busy schedule today?
What's your schedule like for today?
How many classes do you have today?
How many classes do you usually have on Mondays?
The food is very good here.
I've been working on it.
Tom is the only one who isn't doing that.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't doing that.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't doing that.
My French has improved quite a lot.
My French is better than my English.
One of my friends is getting married in Boston next week.
Tom bought all this furniture for just three hundred dollars.
Tom was my guide.
Tom was reckless.
Tom was at the bar.
Tom was a lucky man.
Tom was acting crazy.
Tom was kind of cute.
Tom was on the beach.
Tom wasn't on the beach.
Tom isn't on the beach.
Tom has always been single.
Tom was at the bakery, buying donuts.
Tom was eavesdropping.
Tom is kind of crazy.
Tom was kind of crazy.
Tom was thirteen years old then.
Tom was caught selling drugs.
Tom was very handsome when he was young.
Tom seemed very restless.
Tom was very restless.
Tom was back in Boston during the summer break.
Tom was born like that.
Tom was born that way.
Tom was given a ticket.
Mr. Jackson wasn't my teacher.
Mr. Jackson isn't my teacher.
Tom was playing tennis.
Tom said that he was praying for us.
Tom said he was praying for us.
I've been outmaneuvered.
I've been through a lot.
I'd bet the farm on it.
I crossed the border.
I've done a lot already.
I've done all I can do.
I've done what I can do.
You sang well.
I'm a mother now.
I'm a mom now.
I'm a dad now.
Who's the boy in this picture?
How long is your summer vacation?
How big is your apartment?
I need to buy some things at the supermarket.
I need to buy some things at the drugstore.
I need to go to the drugstore and buy a few things.
Are you going to see Tom tomorrow?
Take a seat. I'm coming right away.
I'm repairing it now.
I'm correcting it now.
My hand-eye coordination isn't as good as it used to be.
I've learned a lot, too.
I've lost valuable time.
I've made a bad mistake.
I've made a very bad mistake.
I've made good progress.
I've made a huge mistake.
I've made lots of changes.
I've made a lot of changes.
I've made a stupid mistake.
I've made several mistakes.
I've made a lot of mistakes.
I've made many improvements.
I've made a couple of improvements.
I've made too many mistakes.
I've made allowances for that.
I've made way too many mistakes.
I think that I've made my position clear.
I think I've made my position clear.
I've made a shocking discovery.
I've made arrangements already.
I've made far too many mistakes.
I've made too many bad decisions.
I've made many bad decisions in my life.
I made plenty of money doing this.
I've made up my mind not to come.
I've made a very interesting discovery.
I've made a lot of money doing this.
Tom is the only one who isn't helping us.
Tom isn't the only one who isn't helping us.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't helping us.
I've never discussed this before with anyone.
I've never discussed this before with anybody.
I've never had it so good.
I've never made any money doing that.
I've never done it that way.
I've never seen any of those men before.
I've never talked about that to anyone.
I've never talked about that to anybody.
I've never liked you much.
I've never liked you very much.
I've never told anybody that before.
I've never coached before.
I know I've never done that.
I know that I've never done that.
I've never seen Tom this worked up before.
I've never had any reason to do that.
I've never had any reason to do this before.
I've never seen Tom like this before.
I'm pretty sure that I've never done that.
I'm pretty sure I've never done that.
I've never had a problem with Tom before.
I've never been as busy as I am right now.
I haven't been back to Boston since then.
I've never ever seen anything like this before.
See you at Tom's.
I'm on my way to Tom's.
I was at Tom's yesterday.
How long did you stay at Tom's?
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's.
Did you stay at Tom's for a long time?
We were over at Tom's last night playing cards.
I've really got to hurry.
I've really changed a lot.
I've really got to step on it.
I've been a very bad boy.
I've been affected a lot.
I've been down that road.
I've been drinking again.
I've been lied to before.
I've been lucky, I think.
Tom and I've been pals for years.
I've been doing just fine.
I've been harassed before.
I've been here three days.
I've been told what to do.
I haven't been told what to do.
I've already been told what to do.
I haven't been told what to do yet.
I haven't yet been told what to do.
I've been very successful.
I've been working on this.
I've been working on this for weeks.
I think that I've been doing a good job.
I think I've been doing a good job.
I've been doing this wrong.
I've been gone a long time.
I've been very cooperative.
I've been working very hard.
Why aren't you wearing your shades?
I've been here over an hour.
I've been here for over an hour.
I've been kidding myself.
I've been paid already.
I've been ready for an hour.
I've been struggling lately.
Tom and I've been very good friends.
I was warned about this.
I was warned that this might happen.
I was warned this might happen.
I've been working all night.
I've been asked not to leave.
I've been asked not to do this again.
I've been asked to stay.
I've been asked to sing a song.
I bought a box of doughnuts.
I don't often take holidays.
I spat.
I can't stand milk.
If they don't pay more, I'm leaving.
He gave me a kiss in response.
She gave me a kiss in response.
I'm already close to you.
His behaviour is strange.
Her behaviour is strange.
His behavior is strange.
Her behavior is strange.
Has someone lost something?
I'm used to going for two kilometre daily walks.
DNI means National Identity Document.
He's not answering the phone.
She's not answering the phone.
I don't have more.
To produce electricity, more wind is needed.
What happened with you?
You should have done it before.
There's not much sunlight now.
The majority is never wrong.
He put the photo back in the frame.
She put the photo back in the frame.
He put the photo back in its place.
She put the photo back in its place.
It's written like that.
It is not easy to write a letter.
I often wear a cap.
My father will come home at six.
Who are you criticising?
I think that we have seen enough.
They realise their mistakes.
Don't talk if you have nothing to say.
Those are flowers from our garden.
He is satisfied with his work.
You have never told me that.
He grew up in a very religious Muslim family.
His mother is a church secretary.
He embraced Islam in his mid-forties.
I have question about the Quran.
I studied Islam for a while.
He visited a mosque.
Let's study Islam.
I attended a class about Islam.
Her biological father is Muslim.
The Quran has never changed.
The Quran has always been in Arabic.
He has always had questions about Islam.
They grew up in the mosque.
Muslims accept Jesus as a messenger of God.
Muslims accept Jesus and Moses as messengers of God.
God is the best of providers.
Muslims accept Abraham, Moses, and Jesus as messengers of God.
Moses, peace be upon him, was a messenger of God.
Muslims believe in Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad peace be upon them all.
His sister wants to become a Muslim.
Good Muslims are supposed to respect their parents.
Islam has made me a better person.
According to Islamic principles, your parents have rights over you.
According to Islamic principles, your wife and children have rights over you.
Islam is the center of my life.
A good Muslim is supposed to be humble.
Has your conversion to Islam affected your family?
Becoming Muslim was the best decision of my life.
I thank God every day for that.
I grew up in a very typical Muslim family.
According to Islamic principles, black and white people pray in the same mosque.
According to Islamic principles, Arabs and non-Arabs pray in the same mosque.
I'm Berber and Muslim.
He studied Muslim Spain.
There are good and bad Muslims.
What's a Muslim?
The more I read about Islam, the more I loved it.
Who are those Muslims?
I bought the autobiography of Malcolm X.
I went to the library and I gathered every book I found about Islam.
Are you sure you want to convert to Islam?
I checked out every book in the library I could find about Islam.
He studied Islam in Africa.
I read everything I could about Islam.
I read everything about Islam.
He had a copy of the Quran in Berber.
He believes in Allah.
He went to the local mosque and did the shahada.
He went to the local mosque and took the shahada.
He converted to Islam by himself.
When he converted to Islam, his mother was devastated.
They were afraid of Muslims.
Malcolm X was Muslim.
Malcolm X and Muhammad Ali were Muslim.
The imam is very polite.
He spoke to the imam.
I love Muslims.
I became Muslim for me.
They read about Islam.
He lived in Algeria for a while.
He's an ex-Muslim.
The imam was giving a talk in our library.
Muslims worship Allah.
He was adopted by a Muslim family.
Islam is perfect but Muslims are not.
Islam is perfect.
Islam is the perfect religion.
The imam is waiting for you.
He moved to the country of his ancestors, Algeria.
He has announced to the world that he has converted to Islam.
I stand for Islamic values.
He's on his way to the mosque.
How would people react to his conversion to Islam?
They don't like him because he's Muslim.
I didn't know that even racists could get the Gusi Peace Prize.
I didn't know that even fascists could get the Gusi Peace Prize.
They say that Islam does not belong in Germany.
This is Germany and people don't get fired for converting to Islam.
Ethnically, I'm Berber.
My grandfather comes from Algeria.
I embraced Islam in 2004.
I embraced Islam around April 2004.
We grew up going to the mosque.
My parents were Muslim.
My parents were Sunni Muslim.
He teaches about Islam.
He gave us a book about Islam.
What these Muslims are doing has nothing to do with Islam.
What these Muslims are doing has nothing to do with their religion.
Islam is the religion of Muslims.
Muslims are people who follow a religion called Islam.
He was exposed to Islam.
He was learning whatever he could about Islam.
There were few books about Islam in English those days.
He bought a copy of the Quran and read it.
He had very few Muslim friends at that time.
He never told me a lot about Islam.
He was impressed by how Muslims treated him.
They told me about Islam.
He was naturally inclined to accept Islam.
He was naturally inclined to convert to Islam.
He knew that his family would not allow him to convert to Islam.
He was very knowledgeable about Islam.
He explained Islam to them.
As a Muslim, I believe in the oneness of God.
He started learning about Islam.
Islam has changed my life in almost every way.
Islam has changed my life a lot.
I brought my dad to live with me in Algeria.
My dad said the shahada at seventy-four.
That was when he decided to convert to Islam.
Tom and I have been very good friends.
The girls I met today were students.
The girls who I met today were students.
The girls whom I met today were students.
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada received reports on privacy violations, or of "privacy breaches", from businesses between November 1, and October 31, 2019.
I know someone shot me.
I know that someone shot me.
More than million Canadians were affected by privacy breaches last year.
Money does not make for happiness, but it calms the nerves.
Dependability is part of our entrepreneurial culture.
Unauthorized access to personal data by malicious individuals can have serious consequences for victims and their families. For example, a victim could lose their job or have their reputation harmed.
I cant wait for the pond to freeze so that I can ice skate with my cousins.
For Christmas, I crocheted slippers for my family and friends.
As soon as I earn five stars in Esperanto, I want to tackle Latin.
Did you invite her to spend Christmas here?
Sami is going to love this thing.
Sami is gonna love this thing.
I was selling postcards.
But the beginning is good.
We are going to be teachers.
I don't like milk at all.
Tom and I've been dating three years.
Tom and I've been dating for three years.
Tom and I've been fighting for years.
Tom and I've been friends ever since.
I've been in Boston too long.
I've been trying to warn you.
I've been very happy with this car.
I've been waiting for a year.
I've been doing that all year.
I've been doing this for three months.
I've been having a lot of fun.
I've had a lot of fun doing this.
I've been keeping pretty busy.
I've never been kissed.
Nobody has ever kissed me.
No one has ever kissed me.
Tom has never kissed me.
Tom and I've been married a long time.
Tom and I've been married for a long time.
Tom and I've been together ever since.
I've been waiting all morning.
I've been waiting three hours.
I've been waiting for three hours.
I've been asked to investigate.
I've been doing some gardening.
I've been doing some gardening lately.
I've been doing some gardening recently.
I've been given another chance.
I've been having some problems.
I've been here a couple months.
I've been here for a couple months.
Tom and I've been married for years.
Tom and I've been married for thirty years.
Tom and I've been together a long time.
Tom and I've been together for a long time.
I've been told this many times.
I've been told this before.
I've been working hard on this.
I've spent a lot of time on this.
I've been doing it the hard way.
Tom and I've been friends all our lives.
I've been given a second chance.
I've been in Australia too long.
I've been lied to so many times.
They've lied to me so many times.
I've been ready for a long time.
I've been ready a long time.
I've been very clear about that.
I've been walking in my sleep.
I've been warned more than once.
They've warned me more than once.
I've been wasting a lot of time.
I've been a bad boy.
I've been cleared of all charges.
Tom and I've been going out for three months.
Tom and I've been good friends for years.
I've been here for quite a while.
I've been here quite a while.
I've been in Boston way too long.
Tom and I've been rivals for a long time.
Tom and I've been rivals a long time.
I've been waiting here for hours.
I've been busy doing other things.
Tom and I've been dating for three months.
Tom and I've been friends for three years.
I've been here almost three hours.
I've been here for just over three hours.
I've been here for almost three hours.
I've been here just over three hours.
I've been here for a couple hours.
I've been here a couple hours.
I've been doing this the wrong way.
You've been doing that the wrong way.
Tom and I've been friends for thirty years.
I've been here for three weeks now.
I've been luckier than most people.
I've been planning this for months.
Tom and I've been together for three years.
Tom and I've been together three years.
I've been waiting a very long time.
I've been waiting for a very long time.
I've been working on that all month.
I've been given several things to do.
I've been given several jobs to do.
I've been given several tasks to do.
I've been in Australia way too long.
I've been living here since October.
I've been living in Boston too long.
Tom has been my friend a long time.
Tom and I've been together for thirty years.
I've been waiting for quite a while.
I've been waiting quite a while.
I've been waiting for this for ages.
I've been waiting for this to happen for ages.
I've been working as hard as I can.
I've been asked to not do that again.
My parents asked me not to do that again.
My parents have asked me not to do that again.
I've been doing this for three years.
I've been looking for alternatives.
Tom and I've been friends since we were kids.
Tom and I've been friends since we were children.
I've been invited to a costume party.
I've been invited to a masquerade party.
Tom and I've been together about three years.
Tom and I've been together for about three years.
Tom and I've been dating for three months now.
I've been in Boston for quite a while.
I've been in Boston quite a while.
I've been injured before.
I've had this kind of injury before.
Thanks for letting me win.
I've been looking in all the wrong places.
Tom and I've been married for three years now.
I've been stuck here for three months.
I've been here for about three years.
I've been waiting for you for an hour.
I've been working since 2:30.
Tom and I've been close friends for many years.
I've been eating a lot of beans recently.
I haven't eaten any meat since last October.
I've only been here for a couple of minutes.
I've only been here a couple of minutes.
I've been living in Australia too long.
I've been trying to avoid this problem.
I've been working on this book forever.
Tom and I've been friends for over thirty years.
I've been waiting here for over an hour.
Tom and I've been together for a very long time.
Tom and I've been together a very long time.
I haven't been able to figure out the cause.
I've been unable to determine the cause.
I've been waiting for your instructions.
I've been waiting for you to tell me how to do this.
I've been in Australia for quite a while.
I've been in Australia quite a while.
I've been in dangerous situations before.
I've been doing this kind of thing for years.
I've been invited to dinner this evening.
Tom invited me over for dinner this evening.
Tom has invited me over for dinner this evening.
Tom doesn't have a dependable car.
How long have you had this umbrella?
I haven't yet finished doing my homework.
I haven't finished doing my homework yet.
I think that baseball is more popular than basketball.
I think baseball is more popular than basketball.
Is baseball really more popular than basketball?
Do you really think that baseball is more popular than basketball?
Do you really think baseball is more popular than basketball?
That was the worst movie that I've ever seen.
This is the most expensive bottle of wine that I've ever bought.
This is the most expensive bottle of wine I've ever bought.
Would you rather live in a small town or a big city?
Would you rather live in a small town or a large city?
Tom is pretty good at singing, but he's not a very good dancer.
Many houses were damaged by the storm.
The storm damaged many houses.
Tom ordered a Moscow mule for Mary and a mojito for himself.
Tom drank a Long Island iced tea and Mary drank a cosmopolitan.
Let me carry your suitcases for you.
Do you know how much is costs to fly from Boston to Chicago?
It's a pity that you can't come to my birthday party.
It's a pity you can't come to my birthday party.
How do you suggest we solve this problem?
How do you suggest that we solve this problem?
Do you get a lot of snow in Boston?
Do you get much snow in Boston?
How much did it snow last night?
Illness prevented me from doing that.
Do you know that young lady sitting over there?
I saw Tom in the park the other day.
When do you plan to visit Boston?
When do you plan to visit Tom?
When do you plan to go to Boston?
When are you planning to visit Boston?
When are you planning to go to Boston?
I bought three pairs of shoes the day before yesterday.
Some of the protesters got shot.
Tom is a member of our staff.
I don't have much homework tonight.
I have a lot of homework tonight.
I have lots of homework tonight.
My closet is full of things that I never plan to use again.
My closet is full of things I never plan to use again.
My closet is full of things that I never plan to wear again.
My closet is full of things I never plan to wear again.
A lot of our employees come to work by bicycle.
A lot of our employees cycle to work.
My future remains uncertain.
My gamble seems to have paid off.
Tom gave these tickets to me.
These tickets were given to me by Tom.
My girlfriend at that time was Mary.
My girlfriend back then was Mary.
Mary was my girlfriend back then.
Mary was my girlfriend at that time.
If that happened, Tom would cry.
If Tom saw you doing that, he'd cry.
Tom would cry if that happened.
Whenever Tom's parents argued, Tom would cry.
Every time Tom's parents would argue, Tom would cry.
When he was a baby, Tom often cried himself to sleep.
Tom would cry every time his father would leave the room.
Do it the way you've been told to do it.
Do it the way that you've been told to do it.
Tom was very satisfied.
Tom seemed very satisfied.
Tom looked very satisfied.
Tom didn't look very satisfied.
Mr. Jackson was my math teacher.
Tom was speaking French.
Tom wasn't speaking French.
Tom was teaching French.
Tom was at the nightclub the night it burned down.
Tom was at the nightclub the night that it burned down.
Tom eats a lot of junk food.
Tom isn't going to the party.
Tom won't be going to the party.
Mr. Jackson was my worst teacher in high school.
Tom seemed really satisfied.
I wasn't really satisfied.
I've been married more than thirty years.
I've been married for more than thirty years.
I've been thinking about that.
I've been invited to the opening ceremony.
No one has been hurt.
Nobody has been hurt.
Tom and I've been married for nearly thirty years.
I've been sitting here for almost an hour.
I've been sitting here almost an hour.
I've been waiting here for almost an hour.
I've been waiting here almost an hour.
I've been sitting here for thirty minutes.
Tom and I've been spending a lot of time together.
Tom and I've been together for almost three years.
Tom and I've been together almost three years.
I've been very busy for the last few days.
I've been working on this for a long time.
I've been working on this a long time.
I've been in tighter jams than this before.
I've been in worse jams than this before.
I've been living in Boston for a long time.
I've been living in Boston a long time.
I've been planning this trip since October.
Tom and I've been playing music together for years.
Tom and I've been playing in the same band for years.
I've been waiting in line for over an hour.
Tom and I've been working together for a long time.
Tom and I've been working together a long time.
I've been having a wonderful time in Boston.
I hope that you have a wonderful time in Boston.
I hope you have a wonderful time in Boston.
Tom's wife is from Boston.
Tom is a thirteen-year-old from Boston.
Tom is a thirteen-year-old boy from Boston.
Tom is in Boston with his wife.
Mary is in Boston with her husband.
Tom and Mary are in Boston with their kids.
Tom and Mary are in Boston with their children.
Tom is dating someone from Boston.
Tom is dating somebody from Boston.
Tom is dating a girl from Boston.
Tom is dating a woman from Boston.
I wanted to visit Boston.
I didn't want to visit Boston.
I really wanted to visit Boston.
I didn't really want to visit Boston.
Tom got kidnapped when he was in Boston.
Tom tried to convince me to stay with him in Boston.
Tom convinced me to stay with him in Boston.
Tom manages a furniture store in Boston.
Tom manages a bar in Boston.
Tom manages a department store in Boston.
Tom manages a large restaurant in Boston.
Tom owns a large restaurant in Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to be buried in Australia.
Tom said he wanted to be buried in Australia.
I heard that you were going to Boston.
Tom said that he heard that I was going to Boston.
Tom said he heard that I was going to Boston.
Tom said that he heard I was going to Boston.
Tom said he heard I was going to Boston.
I heard you were going to Boston.
I head from Tom that Mary will be coming to Boston next week.
I head from Tom Mary will be coming to Boston next week.
Tom went to Boston and we haven't heard from him since.
Tom went to Boston and I haven't heard from him since.
I've been planning this for over a year now.
I've been working hard on these changes.
I've been asked to do that before I go home.
I've been asked to do that before I go home today.
You've been asking the wrong kind of questions.
I've been having a lot of fun here in Boston.
I've been having lots of fun here in Boston.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected to.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected to be having.
I've been much busier than I expected to be.
I've been a lot busier than I expected to be.
I've been doing this for over three years now.
I've been doing it this way for as long as I can remember.
I've been living in Australia for a long time.
I've been living in Australia a long time.
I've been lying about everything.
I've been planning this trip for three months.
Tom and I've been together for almost three years now.
Tom and I've been together almost three years now.
I've been told not to use this computer anymore.
I've been working on this problem all day.
We'll likely be working on this problem all weekend.
Tom and I've been through a lot of hard times together.
You and I've been through a lot of hard times together.
I've been able to do what I want.
I've been able to do what I want to do.
I've been going home early this month.
I've been having a lot of fun here in Australia.
I've been having lots of fun here in Australia.
I haven't been having much fun here in Australia.
I was late for school three times this week.
I've been late for school many more times than Tom has.
Tom will be coming to Boston next week.
Tom and I were raised in Boston.
Tom and I were both raised in Boston.
Both Tom and I were raised in Boston.
Tom has just bought a house in Boston.
Tom has just rented an apartment in Boston.
Tom lives in Boston as well.
Tom enjoys visiting Boston.
Tom says he enjoys visiting Boston.
Tom says that he enjoys visiting Boston.
Tom said that he enjoyed visiting Boston.
Tom said he enjoyed visiting Boston.
Mary met her husband when she was living in Boston.
Tom met his wife while he was living in Boston.
Tom has moved back to Boston from Chicago.
Tom has just moved back to Boston from Chicago.
Tom is working in a restaurant in Boston.
Tom used to work in a restaurant in Boston.
Tom didn't mention that he was from Boston.
Tom didn't mention he was from Boston.
Tom didn't tell us that he was from Boston.
Tom didn't tell us he was from Boston.
Tom used to own property in Boston.
Tom has never owned property in Boston.
Tom owns property in Boston.
Tom doesn't own any property in Boston.
Tom doesn't like to talk about Boston.
Tom doesn't like talking about Boston.
Go to Boston.
Come to Boston.
This is Boston.
This place looks like Boston.
Is Boston safe?
Isn't Boston safe?
"Tom doesn't like talking about Boston." "Then why does he keep doing it?"
Is Boston a safe place to live?
"Tom doesn't like talking about Boston." "Then why does he?"
"Tom doesn't like living in Boston." "Then why doesn't he leave?"
"Tom doesn't like living in Boston." "Then why doesn't he move?"
Why doesn't Tom do that anymore?
Why don't you do that anymore?
I'm sure that you'll miss Boston.
I'm sure you'll miss Boston.
I'm sure that I'll miss Boston.
I'm sure I'll miss Boston.
I really do miss Boston.
You should stay in Boston.
Stay in Boston.
You ought to stay in Boston.
I think that you should stay in Boston.
I think you should stay in Boston.
I think that you should stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think you should stay in Boston for a few more days.
Why don't you stay in Boston for another week or so?
Tom suggested that I stay in Boston for another month.
Tom suggested I stay in Boston for another month.
I do miss Boston.
Boston is an amazing place.
Boston is amazing.
Boston is wonderful.
We moved to Boston three months ago.
We love Boston.
We all love Boston.
It's hot in Boston now.
It's cold in Boston now.
Tom came to Boston with his parents when he was really young.
I saw Tom when I was in Boston.
I saw Tom while I was in Boston.
Can we go to Boston next summer?
Can we go to Boston?
I still miss Boston.
I don't miss Boston at all.
We're moving to Boston in October.
I don't usually eat at expensive restaurants.
You can go to Boston if you want to.
You can go to Boston if you want.
You may go to Boston if you want to.
You may go to Boston if you want.
I really love Boston.
Tom has never left Boston.
Tom never left Boston.
There are parts of Boston that I've never seen.
There are parts of Boston I've never seen.
There are parts of Boston that I've never been to.
There are parts of Boston I've never been to.
I've been in Boston about three years.
I've been in Boston for about three years.
I usually go to Boston by bus.
I've never gone to Boston by bus.
I wouldn't recommend going to Boston by bus.
Tom always seems to be visiting Boston.
My girlfriend is older than me.
My boyfriend is older than me.
My boyfriend is older than I am.
My girlfriend is quite a bit younger than me.
My girlfriend is quite a bit younger than I am.
My boyfriend is quite a bit younger than me.
My boyfriend is quite a bit younger than I am.
My boyfriend isn't much younger than me.
My boyfriend isn't much younger than I am.
My girlfriend isn't much younger than me.
My girlfriend isn't much younger than I am.
Tom would be very surprised if Mary did that.
I think that I misspelled your name.
I think I misspelled your name.
My girlfriend is a lot taller than me.
My girlfriend is a lot taller than I am.
I need to do what I've been told to do.
I have to do what I've been told to do.
He took his shirt off.
Please take your shirt off.
He's a bastard.
He walked into the kitchen.
He started losing his memory in his early forties.
He was born in 2004.
He slept for weeks.
He can't remember his lines.
He has a radiation appointment.
People don't really care what you look like.
She was dating a therapist.
She's an old widowed woman.
He blindly trusted her.
He's just driving around aimlessly.
He stopped in front of the bar.
He's looking for another woman.
Getting a dog is his solution to everything.
He finds that sexy.
The solution to all your problem is to get a dog.
He bought her a present.
He brought her a present.
What are you doing in my boyfriend's house?
This might not be the right time.
He found a dog for us.
We don't need a dog.
"We don't need a dog." "Really? Not even this one?" "Oh, this one is so cute!"
He really wants this dog.
This dog is so adorable.
He bought me dinner.
What do you plan to feed the dog?
He doesn't even have a dog.
I'd make a great home for this dog.
This dog is a neutered male.
She's an Algerian actress.
He has never seen that movie.
Please just give us a chance.
I'm gonna need some coffee.
You're a beauty, Skura.
He has a doctor's appointment.
Can I meet you at four?
You're clearly the beauty of this team.
He's clearly the brains of this group.
He heard screaming.
He will do it, too.
Let's go check out that DVD.
He wanted to get her alone.
Your ice statue is gorgeous.
You're the smartest and most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I can see the mistrust in your eyes.
Would you meet with me tonight?
I'm a little older than you are.
What a nice way to decorate for the holidays.
I hear it now.
They started seeing each other again.
They couldn't agree on bedroom temperature.
I have never been in a position like this before.
We wish you and your family a very happy holiday.
Why don't you date her?
Maybe this makes sense.
I do like hot dogs.
They have this thing in common.
He has a brain tumor, too.
Don't let your illness take over your life.
He kept that a secret from his closest friends.
He's forgetting a few details.
His mind is made for bigger things.
You're the expert. You tell me.
He trusted her.
He left his phone on the table.
His wife checked his phone.
He feels free.
I don't want to sound weird, but you look like a teenager.
I've never done this with so many people.
You can watch the game.
He does that all the time.
"I can help." "That's sweet."
It doesn't sound appropriate.
The donation would go straight to the dog rescue fund.
He looks like a teenager.
I can do it again if you want.
I thought she was going out with him.
He's so entertaining.
They ate homemade pizza.
He has to do that.
Are they sharing the same man?
He got approved.
He got a very good feeling from her.
He slept with her.
He told me he had a brain tumor.
He told me he has trust issues.
He didn't give her any money.
At least you didn't give her any money.
He was just volunteering.
He stole our database.
He got it all wrong.
He's a jerk who preys on other women.
He's looking for something else.
He took her money.
He made her feel smart.
He paid more for that.
He's not all wrong.
It was nice to be with him.
He wasn't to be trusted.
He was sleeping with someone.
He just needed a good night sleep.
He didn't escape.
He was different.
He fooled them.
Don't do this to me, Skura.
You're the smartest, sexiest, most beautiful woman I've ever met.
Does this make you feel any better?
My suggestion: get a dog.
He preys on vulnerable women.
I can't choose between you two.
I think that you can have it.
I think that you should have it.
I'm so glad we picked a good name for the dog.
I want to see you in a Kabyle dress.
He wants to see her in that uniform.
He looks so tiny.
He was a bit shy about it.
They're having sex tonight.
He has a name.
She wanted to catch her cheating husband in the act.
He knows she's watching.
He was demeaning himself.
She was wearing something demeaning.
She was dressed like a bitch.
She was dressed like a whore.
She was dressed like a slut.
He is your son.
He chose to live with his father after the divorce.
You could say he's gay.
He didn't win.
He has a gay son.
He is fabulous.
This is my gorgeous Skura.
This is my gorgeous sister.
She's as beautiful as ever.
He said he was living with an old woman.
He brought someone with him.
This is his partner.
He's so proud of her.
I am not gay.
He assumed that I was gay.
He has always been interested in fashion.
I know how to dress.
I am straight.
He's my business partner.
We're software engineers.
Everyone knows he's gay.
He's gonna be devastated.
Can I tell Skura?
He's straight.
I think that you should tell your mother about that.
He wants to break up their marriage.
There is just one bed in the guest room.
We have a guest room.
He wants to hear everything.
We need to work.
He just walked in.
They have all the best brands.
You need to focus.
He noticed something about her.
"I'm married. Is that a problem for you?" "No. I love cheaters."
"But you're married!" "Does that matter?"
Did you ever try couples counseling?
His wife is sexier.
His kids grew up so fast.
Nice talking to you.
I think he should see a therapist.
He should see a therapist.
He never cheated on his wife.
He's a priest.
He's very handsome.
His father is a priest.
His mother is a priestess.
You're not even married yet.
They have been apart for so long.
He threw his son a big wedding.
My son is getting married.
He's so forgetful.
He forgot he proposed to her.
For a wedding gift, I'm going to buy you a car.
It's great that you decided to do that.
He has a tendency towards suspicion.
Fairy tales are for children.
Tell me what you know about each other.
They talked about wine and sex.
He fell asleep.
How do you two handle conflict?
It sounds like homework.
She slept with other men.
He will get used to it.
He will tell her.
Look what I found on the dinner table.
He pressed that button.
I feel closer to you than ever.
Let's not talk about that this time.
We've got some time.
I still forget about that.
He just ate an entire doughnut.
He just ate four doughnuts.
We need to work on our relationship.
The sheriff doesn't want me to work on cases anymore.
He talked about the wedding.
Imagine he wasn't gay.
I don't think this wedding is right.
He's homophobic.
We're planning his wedding.
He's doubting our relationship.
He will find out the truth.
I need you to be honest with me.
Are you doubting our relationship?
They drugged each other.
They didn't trust each other.
They had a compatibility test.
They had a compatibility quiz.
It's good that you came to me early.
They're a happy couple.
He's a raging homophobe.
His father is a raging homophobe.
I just want to share this with the world.
He wants his car.
He wants his Porsche.
When did you realize you were gay?
I'm straight. I like women.
We're totally honest with each other.
Mom needed me more.
He did the same thing.
He doesn't trust that doctor.
"I don't trust her." "Me too."
They were kissing in the office.
He's a fraud.
They deserve each other.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about him.
Somebody is selling something to someone for some price.
I just wanted to punch him, making that stupid grin vanish from his face forever.
Tom's completely addicted to gaming.
I struggled to stay awake through the movie.
The decision was taken on the spur of the moment.
Tom always cried when his sister took away his toys, and for that very reason she loved to do so.
Tom said he'd be very surprised if Mary didn't win the tournament.
Can you repeat for me who your father is?
I don't need any advice.
If you don't know that mushroom, don't pick it.
He failed.
Who is supposed to do it?
Take me with you!
My prayers were heard.
Could you switch on the light, please?
What are you hidding from me?
We swam in a river.
I am not going to punish them.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am for myself only, what am I?
What's the capital of Brazil called?
You are not young anymore.
She swims better than Marie.
We don't need anybody.
When do we have to go to the airport?
My sister is a beautiful young woman.
That which is hateful to you, do not do to your neighbour. That is the whole Torah. The rest is commentary. Now go and learn.
We will grow old and become grey.
Those animals are strong.
He is tall and slim.
Mary was a little drunk.
He is a good guy.
Her dream came true.
I visited him once.
I cannot write today.
Do you have any problem?
Your father is a famous physician.
Could you give me a hug, please?
The children scribbled all over the fence.
Tom realised that he was very tired.
Can you find a solution?
I'm born in Algeria and grew up in Germany.
I converted to Islam at age twenty-four.
He started thinking about Islam more.
"Which religion is correct?" "Islam."
I first read about Islam when I was in junior high school.
We studied Islam.
He wanted to do more research on Islam.
Islam was always intriguing to me.
She started reading about Islam.
Why isn't everybody Muslim?
Islam is very simple.
Islam is not a complex religion.
What I loved in Islam was its simplicity.
My cousin is Muslim.
What's holding you back from converting to Islam?
I'm straight and I like girls.
He's a strict Muslim.
He was hanging out with Muslims.
He needed to focus on his Islamic studies.
He continued to hang out with his Muslim cousins.
Islam had a really good effect on his life.
He studied Islam in college.
We need to show them what Islam is.
Show them what Islam really is.
Islam has changed my entire life.
He was born in Algiers, Algeria.
He was adopted into a family from Algeria.
He began to be interested in Islam.
He converted to Islam last Ramadan.
He asked me questions about Islam.
You have to pray in Arabic.
Muslims have to pray in Arabic.
He met a lady from Algeria named Skura.
He introduced me to the Quran.
He has read the whole of the Quran.
He memorized parts of the Quran.
He didn't learn much about Islam at that point of time.
He didn't learn much about Islam at that point.
He taught me Islam.
He gave me a Muslim name.
I told him I became Muslim.
Why do you have to be Muslim?
Islam is the religion that I follow.
He married a Muslim woman from Algeria.
They know that I'm Muslim.
She's a Muslim but she wasn't born one.
I was born Muslim.
Actually my name is Skura.
My family is actually from Algeria.
He grew up in the Bible Belt area.
He was exploring Islam.
He met a lot of Muslims.
He attended a Muslim event.
He attended a Muslim event organized in college.
I think that Islam is the true religion.
Islam is the religion of God.
Islam made me more patient in dealing with people.
Islam took away most of my anger.
Muslims believe in the day of judgment.
He lived his life as a Muslim.
He wants to live his life as a Muslim.
God said that in the Quran.
He was born and raised in Algiers, Algeria.
My mother is Algerian.
He was mainly raised by his Algerian mother.
My father always took me to the mosque.
He was questioning his religion.
You can be a Muslim.
Little by little, he learned about Islam.
He never tried to force me to convert to Islam.
Little by little, he decided that Islam would be the religion for him.
I knew they were Muslim.
The good qualities he has are from Islam.
The Quran is very soothing.
Listening to the Quran is very soothing.
Listening to the Quran is very calming.
My conversion to Islam boosted my self-confidence.
When I converted to Islam, I had a new beginning.
What's the most important thing to you as a Muslim?
Hopefully you'll accept Islam.
I'm from an Algerian household.
I grew up with my Algerian grandma.
It was a very Algerian atmosphere.
I went to the mosque every Friday.
One of my friends is Muslim.
I wanted to look into Islam.
I still believe in Islam.
He still believed in Islam.
This is my Muslim friend.
He started showing an interest to Islam.
His friend took him to the mosque.
He did the ablution.
He was doing the ablution.
He said that he was a Muslim.
The names Allah and Muhammad were mentioned in the text.
He started calling out to God.
Is this man Muslim?
My ancestors were Muslim.
He converted to Islam in the mid-nineties.
He came from Algiers, Algeria.
He happened to live in Algiers.
I saw him in the mosque.
What are you doing in the mosque?
Do you want to come to the mosque?
Let's go to the mosque now.
The mosque was quiet.
There were people praying in the mosque.
It was very tranquil in the mosque.
He started meeting that Muslim girl more.
I asked the imam questions about Islam.
Islam is really close to Christianity and Judaism.
What is the difference between Islam and Christianity?
What is the difference between Islam and Judaism?
Muslims believe that Jesus was a prophet of God.
It's time for me to take my shahada.
It's time for me to embrace Islam.
It's time for me to become a Muslim.
It's time for me to become Muslim.
I asked so many questions about Islam.
Are you ready to take your shahada?
Are you ready to convert to Islam?
My conversion to Islam was a gradual process.
Muslims believe in universal brotherhood.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the prophet of Islam.
Islam made me a better person.
As a Muslim, I care about my family.
Skura's father is an imam.
He's our new imam.
Let's make Algeria great again.
General Gaid Salah was a brave man.
I wonder why they hate Algeria so much.
Algeria is a good country.
The rich really are different from you and me.
The whole world has gone crazy.
Those who speak about happiness often have sad eyes.
I cannot do without your help, either.
I can't do without your help.
I can't do without your help, either.
We were all in Boston at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all in Boston at the same time.
I really liked Boston.
We all live in Boston.
I have many pictures of Boston.
I have many more pictures of Boston.
I have a lot more pictures of Boston.
I've made many friends in Boston.
I've made lots of friends in Boston.
I've made a lot of friends in Boston.
The last time I was in Boston was for just three days.
The last time that I was in Boston was for just three days.
The last time I was in Boston, I only stayed three days.
The last time that I was in Boston, I only stayed three days.
I don't have very many friends here in Boston.
I've already been to Boston.
I visited Boston recently.
I have many friends from Boston.
I have many friends who are Canadians.
I have lots of friends who are Canadians.
I've spent my whole life in Boston.
I've done all I need to do.
I've already done all I need to do.
I haven't yet done all I need to do.
I haven't done all I need to do yet.
I've done everything I need to do.
I've done what I need to do.
I've already done everything I need to do.
I've already done what I need to do.
I haven't done what I need to do yet.
I haven't done everything I need to do yet.
Canada's no paradise.
They immediately sent the sick person to the hospital.
He became my coworker.
I couldn't remember what they were called.
I've seen all I want to see in Boston.
I've seen everything I want to see in Boston.
I haven't yet seen all I want to see in Boston.
I've already seen all I want to see in Boston.
I've already seen everything I want to see in Boston.
I've already seen what I want to see in Boston.
I've done all I want to do in Boston.
I've already done all I want to do in Boston.
I've done everything I want to do in Boston.
I've done what I want to do in Boston.
I've done what I wanted to do in Boston.
I went to Boston to attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
I went to Boston to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I went to Boston for Tom and Mary's wedding.
I've read three books since Monday.
I don't really need to go to Boston.
I don't really like Boston.
I'll take you to Boston.
I'll take you to Boston with me.
I'll take you guys to Boston.
I'll take you all to Boston.
I'll take you guys to Boston with me.
I'll take you all to Boston with me.
I won't go back to Boston.
I won't go back to Boston until October.
I won't go back to Boston any time soon.
I don't plan to go back to Boston.
I don't plan to go back to Boston until Christmas.
I'm not planning to go back to Boston for a while.
Tom and I talked about Boston.
I gave a speech about Boston.
I've been asked to give a speech about astronomy.
I moved back to Boston not to long ago.
I've moved back to Boston for good.
It's raining in Boston.
We went to Boston in Tom's car.
Tom drove us to Boston.
Let's go back to Boston as soon as we can.
My maternal grandmother was born in Australia.
My best friend lives in Boston.
My grandmother lives in Boston.
One of my grandmothes lives in Boston.
All of my brothers still live in Boston.
I'd be very surprised if that happened.
Tom is a university student now, isn't he?
I'll be able to help you today for a few hours.
I can help you today for a few hours.
Tom advised me not to go there by myself.
Tom advised me not to go there alone.
I don't think that Tom likes blue.
I don't think Tom likes blue.
Which one of these would you like to buy?
Which one of these do you want to buy?
Which of these hats would you like to buy?
Which one of these hats would you like to buy?
Which of these hats do you want to buy?
Which one of these hats do you want to buy?
I'd never buy a pink hat.
I'd never wear a pink hat.
I wouldn't ever wear a pink hat.
You're going to Boston next weekend, aren't you?
You're planning to go to Boston next weekend, aren't you?
Won't you be going to Boston next weekend?
Luckily, our piano wasn't damaged in the flood.
When do you plan to go to Australia?
I should do what I've been told to do.
I'll regret doing that for the rest of my life.
I think that I've fallen in love with you.
I've already done everything you asked me to do.
Boston is a wonderful place to live.
Mary has never kissed me.
All three girls giggled.
Come with us to Boston.
Come with us to Boston next week.
Tom loves it here in Boston.
Tom loves it in Boston.
You'll never guess where I went last weekend.
You'll never guess where Tom is right now.
I was bitten by a moray eel.
A moray eel bit me.
Your handwriting is really hard to read.
Your handwriting is really difficult to read.
I go to the gym three times a week.
I can lend you an umbrella if you don't have one.
I don't know whether Tom has a brother or not.
I don't think that Tom has any brothers.
I don't think Tom has any brothers.
I'll be in Boston for another week.
I'll be in Boston for another week or two.
This species is endangered.
He called four times.
He's not coming.
He's going to a funeral.
"I'm going to a funeral." "Who died?"
"I'm going to a funeral." "I'm sorry."
"I'm going to a funeral." "A funeral? Who died?"
What else do you want for breakfast?
He was talking about me.
How cute is she?
Wait, I'll walk you out.
He's dating Skura.
I have heard everything.
Isn't Skura the best?
I'm saving the cupcake for later.
I totally forgot about that.
I'm taking him hiking this afternoon.
He's just so cute.
His girlfriend is adorable.
"Where is she?" "I beg your pardon?"
I'm pleased to give you this package.
They live in the same house.
I think she smokes weed.
He taught me courage, determination and love.
He spent six months of his life in Algeria.
I desperately need his help.
This plant is endangered.
He's our drama teacher.
She was married to a drama teacher.
What kind of a monster is he?
I'm standing here before you.
They are awesome.
This is a very inspiring speech.
Bring her in.
He knows his lines.
They shouldn't catch you talking to me.
How many push-ups did you do?
"Excuse me, is this seat taken?" "I'm waiting for my friend." "Sorry."
He chose the one with the biggest breasts.
He dated that woman.
Is that woman gay?
He was supposed to meet her at the movies.
It appears that my friend isn't coming after all.
This would change everything.
If you don't have friends, you have nothing.
This is a waking nightmare.
This is my friend, Skura.
This is my girlfriend, Skura.
"This is my girlfriend, Skura." "Nice to meet you."
He should have a beard.
He keeps telling me I should have a beard.
I know a thing or two about directing.
I took a class about directing.
I can teach you a thing or two about directing.
The teacher said that.
The doctor said that.
Thanks again for doing this.
Stop apologizing. It's all forgotten.
This is the cutest thing he has ever said.
I thought everything was going great.
I thought everything was going great. What's the problem?
She had a baby this morning.
She had a baby this afternoon.
Is he one of them?
He tweaked a few lines.
I'm meeting Skura's friends for dinner tomorrow night.
Where is my wig?
"Where is my wig?" "It's right here."
Where is my Skura?
How are you feeling, Skura?
This means they're afraid.
He realized his dream.
I want you to close your eyes and visualize it.
He's confident and talented.
He's confident.
He's talented.
That's not my dream.
"I quit." "Oh, boy!"
Who's gonna play Romeo and Juliet?
This is my wig.
"Accidents happen." "Bullshit."
I was talking to them, not to you.
I was talking to her, not to you.
At least he has a good reason.
She's upset that I have a girlfriend.
When she came into his life, he became oblivious of everybody else.
She came into his life and suddenly he became oblivious of everybody else.
They're praying in the mosque.
This is the best "Romeo and Juliet" I've ever seen.
This is the best "Romeo and Juliet" play I've ever seen.
What about your career?
I'm on the next plane out of here.
He wants me to come meet him.
I'm spending the evening with my girlfriend.
Nothing in life is as important as friendship.
The tornado is coming.
Maybe he's not down there.
He's down there.
Is he down there?
We don't care about you.
They're putting our area under a tornado watch.
He doesn't even know who she's talking to.
If the cab doesn't come within the hour, we're calling another one.
You can't fly in this weather.
Do people still say that?
He really needs that.
"He went jogging." "In this weather?"
I'm the only one here who hasn't gotten lucky.
What do you know about that guy?
Keep your phone on.
Just keep your phone on.
Please keep your phone on.
I feel like I'm in Jurassic Park.
I'm the last surviving member of my family.
This furniture is stolen.
And now, I'm gonna have to kill you.
This furniture is my husband's.
Her husband is an accountant.
Her husband was an accountant who worked for the mob.
Her husband worked for the mob.
This stolen furniture makes you an accessory. You could go to jail.
You could go to jail.
He loved that show.
This is what's smelling like pot.
It smells like pot.
He always smells like pot.
Do you have a pill that can help with this situation?
He has some whisky.
I have some whisky right here.
I cannot believe that I'm trapped down here.
I have lived in Algiers for the past forty years.
He can't be there to get the award.
Forget about the award.
Something happened to day.
She had sex with a stranger.
How much did he pay?
It started off great.
I was feeling so liberated.
They were kissing.
"Your phone is ringing." "It's probably just my friend, Skura."
The message isn't for my friend. It's for my son.
The message isn't for Skura.
They put Skura up for adoption.
They put their son up for adoption.
He felt differently.
I gave her up for adoption.
This is the last time I've heard of him ever.
He was born a million years ago.
They used condoms.
She gets pregnant at the drop of a hat.
They love sex.
He doesn't need sex with you. He has his wife.
He's not thinking that.
He's a first responder.
I hope he's OK.
He's probably some place safe.
He was calling his kids.
He told his kids he was fine.
Am I still your friend?
She was in my room.
I am going to return to my work.
Let's pay separately today.
It is easy to find an example.
I have always liked books.
I disliked what he had said.
He always comes to the school late.
He can't handle that crisis.
Can you handle this crisis?
She's straddling his dick.
She's too cute.
His girlfriend looks gorgeous.
He's not going anywhere.
He'll make it for her birthday.
He's gonna miss her birthday.
He committed many infractions against the law.
He allegedly committed many infractions against the law.
She's not going anywhere.
Don't worry. He's not going anywhere.
Don't worry. He's in jail now.
That happens a lot less often this video suggests.
That happens more often than you think.
It's way too soon.
It's gonna be really embarrassing.
"Do you love him?" "I don't know."
"Do you love him?" "Who?"
He used to tell everybody he loved her.
He couldn't hear anything.
I don't know if he heard me.
I told her that I loved her.
I might not be ready yet.
Algiers never gets hit by tornadoes.
Does it snow in Algiers?
He's right in the tornado's path.
He's never going to meet his son.
Let's check if the TV works.
Let's check if this TV works.
Who looks like crap?
They could stay best friends for forty years.
She dated an endless array of bad boys.
They always had each other's backs for better and for worse.
Maybe the storm has past.
They're in the eye of the storm.
They called my name.
I want to hear it.
"He won an Oscar." "You've got to be kidding."
He had a disfiguring disease.
Surgery didn't work.
He must be feeling what I feel.
He doesn't have to worry.
This show will entertain you for many years to come.
We're down here.
The storm has passed.
I've been thinking about this all day.
I was thinking about that, too.
He was arrested for public indecency.
She's dating a cop.
Skura lost her job.
Skura has lost her job.
He had a pretty good feeling about it.
We have to let her go.
"You look fantastic." "Thanks."
"We're letting you go." "Fuck you and your company."
He has anger issues.
Take the rest of the day off.
Baby pandas would melt your heart.
He handled that beautifully.
His breath smells like shit.
His breath smells like ass.
He finds her inspiring.
He finds her terrifying.
He finds her attractive.
Please tell us about your journey to Islam.
They want a civil war in Kabylie.
We've been to Boston.
We've been to Boston several times.
We've been to Boston already.
We've already been to Boston.
We haven't yet been to Boston.
Tom will stay in Boston.
Tom has family in Boston.
Tom said he liked Boston.
Tom said that he liked Boston.
Tom came to Boston by himself.
Tom is actually from Boston.
Tom isn't actually from Boston.
Tom still works in Boston.
Tom doesn't work in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't work in Boston.
Tom used to hunt.
Tom used to hunt in the woods behind our house.
Tom owns a store in Boston.
Tom doesn't own a store in Boston.
Tom owned a store in Boston.
Tom has never owned a store in Boston.
Tom likes it here in Boston.
Tom doesn't like it here in Boston.
Tom says that he likes it here in Boston.
Tom says that he doesn't like it here in Boston.
Tom says he doesn't like it here in Boston.
Tom is going to live in Boston next year.
Tom is going to live in Boston.
Tom will be living in Boston.
Tom will be living in Boston next year.
Tom wants to work in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to work in Boston.
Tom wanted to work in Boston.
Tom came to Boston to see me.
Tom came to Boston to help me.
Tom went to Boston to help Mary.
Tom started working in Boston in 2013.
Tom used to have a goat farm.
Tom offered to give Mary ride to Boston.
Tom will drive to Boston.
Tom will be driving to Boston.
Tom is going to drive to Boston.
I like hiking.
I was working in Boston in 2013.
I was working in Boston in those days.
I was working in Boston back then.
I met my wife in Boston.
I'll never forget Boston.
I'm taking Tom to Boston.
I want to explore Boston.
I want to hang out in Boston for a while.
I visit Boston quite often.
I visit Boston at least three times a year.
I visit Boston regularly.
I loved working in Boston.
We ought to go to Boston.
We have to go to Boston.
We need to go to Boston.
We needed to go to Boston.
We had to go to Boston.
We should've gone to Boston.
We ought to have gone to Boston.
Tom has the best coin collection that I've ever seen.
Am I really the only one you've told?
Am I really the only one who did that?
Am I really the only boy you've ever kissed?
I can skate.
I can skate fairly well.
I can't skate very well.
I'm not good at skating.
I can buy it for you.
I can't go now.
Can I really have this?
Can I really keep this?
I can pay you to do that.
I can pay you more if that's what you want.
I can be there.
I can get more.
I can get Tom to do that for you.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do that for you.
I doubt I can get Tom to do that for you.
I can stop now if you want me to.
I can be clumsy sometimes.
I can beat them all.
I can come home early if you want me to.
I can come, too.
May I go inside?
Can I have both of these?
May I have this?
May I keep this?
I can leave now if you want me to.
Is it OK if I stay here for a while?
May I stay here for a while?
Would it be OK if I stayed here for a while?
I can swim, too.
I can't swim, either.
I can walk back.
I can walk back by myself.
I can walk back, so you don't need to give me a ride.
I can build a doghouse for your dog if you want me to.
I can build your dog a doghouse if you want me to.
I can see ghosts.
I can be quiet if I have to.
I can still swim, but not as well as I used to.
May I study here?
Would it be OK if I studied here?
I can try harder.
I can walk there in about thirty minutes.
I'll work on it.
I'll try to get this done before 2:30.
I'll try to get this done by 2:30.
I should be able to get this done by 2:30.
I should be able to get this done before next Monday.
I can change that.
Would you like for me to change the lightbulb for you?
Would it be OK if I went home now?
Go on ahead if you want.
Go on ahead if you want to.
I can go tomorrow.
I can help you tomorrow.
I can't sing that song.
I can take a hint.
I can take a taxi.
I can take a taxi if I have to.
I can already swim.
I already know how to swim.
I don't know how to swim yet.
I don't yet know how to swim.
I know how to swim already.
I can at least try.
I think that we should at least try.
I think we should at least try.
I can do something about that, I think.
I think that I can do something about that.
I think I can do something about that.
Will we be allowed to do that here?
We won't be allowed to do that here.
I doubt that we'll be allowed to do that here.
I doubt we'll be allowed to do that here.
I can finish this later.
I'll finish this later.
Let's finish this later.
I can fix all this.
I can't fix all of these problems, but I can fix some of the problems.
I can fix anything.
I can't fix anything.
I'm pretty good at fixing things.
Do you think that you could help me fix this?
Do you think you could help me fix this?
You can hide in here.
Could you please heat this soup up a bit?
I can look into it.
We need to look into that.
I can move quickly.
I can't move quickly.
I moved quickly.
I didn't move quick enough.
I should've moved faster.
Why didn't you get out of the way?
If you'd moved faster, you'd have been able to catch the ball.
I can play the flute.
I can't play the oboe.
I can probably win.
I probably won't be able to win.
I'll probably be able to win.
Is it OK if I put this over there?
Can I put this over there?
May I put this over there?
Would it be OK if I put this over there?
I was the only one at the meeting who liked Tom's idea.
There used to be a store here.
There used to be a warehouse here.
There used to be a castle here.
I was the only one who got paid.
I was the only one who got fired.
I was the only one who got arrested.
I was the only one who got punished.
I was the only one who got shot.
I was the only one who got injured.
I was the only one to get arrested.
I was the only one who was arrested.
Those fuckheads think that they're controlling our region.
Those racist fuckheads think that they're all-powerful.
Those racist fuckheads have threatened me on several occasions.
Those racist fuckheads are already known to the authorities.
Those racist fuckheads will soon be arrested for their subversive and extremely dangerous activities.
Those racist fuckheads are widely rejected by the society in our region.
Those racist fuckheads don't belong in our region.
Those racist fuckheads want to give the impression that they're tough guys.
We'll soon take good care of those racist fuckheads.
Why are those racist fuckheads afraid? Don't they want war?
I was at the doctor's.
Tom didn't know the difference between glass and crystal.
I eat bananas.
People are waiting for the bus at the bus stop.
Marie will die.
Travelling by train used to be cheaper than travelling by bus.
Why do you endure loneliness so badly?
You must see it to believe.
Have you picked up Tom from the school?
Don't look for me never again!
Is it your signature?
Paradise is where the chef is French, the auto mechanic is German, the banker is Swiss, the lover is Italian and the police are English.
Mitch McConnell is everything people think Trump is, and has been in power for much longer.
I keep the chocolate in the fridge.
Tom is a bit dense.
The primary strength of a nation lies in its educational system.
Stop whistling!
Bye, mother.
Fuck you, you son of a bitch.
You insult me.
You insulted me.
You've insulted me.
Good morning, Tom!
I'm a cokehead.
They'll let her know.
They will let her know.
She had an early lunch.
She ate lunch early.
She ate an early lunch.
Tom likes going on trips.
The Kabyle language has made huge strides.
The Israelites are tired.
He opened up the window.
Sami didn't stop being friends with Layla.
My mother made me a beautiful dress.
Tom didn't seem happy with our decision.
Tom is here, I know it.
The young man's name is Tom.
Sami listens to nothing but classical music.
Tom secretly desires a strong leader who will violently make his country great again.
Please tell Mary she has to do that soon.
He doesn't just know English, but also French.
Praise the Lord.
I couldn't stop thinking about her.
Tom couldn't stop thinking about her.
Mary thought that no one would ever ask her out on a date.
I think you should ask her out.
Keep your back straight.
Tom speaks French vey well.
Study French.
I loved French in high school.
I loved studying French in high school.
I really enjoyed my French classes in high school.
I didn't like French in high school.
I didn't like studying French in high school.
I've forgotten a lot of French.
I taught French.
Tom seemed to understand French.
Tom seemed to know French.
Tom seemed to know some French.
You need to practice speaking French every day if you want to become a good speaker.
Use your French whenever you have a chance to.
Try to think in French.
Think in French.
Tom uses French every day.
Tom uses French at work.
Please write the report in French.
Tom reads French.
Tom can read French, can't he?
You teach French, don't you?
Tom loved French in high school.
Tom loved studying French in high school.
Tom loved his French classes in high school.
Tom doesn't like French.
This is French, isn't it?
Is that book you're reading in French?
I think that the language they're speaking is French.
I think the language they're speaking is French.
I think that the language that they're speaking is French.
I think the language that they're speaking is French.
I taught French when I was younger.
I taught French to Tom's kids.
I taught Tom's kids French.
You need to learn to think in French.
You should try to think in French.
Tom often reads books in French.
Let's sing in French.
I sang in French.
I want to learn to sing French folk songs.
Tom and Mary both know French.
Both Tom and Mary know French.
Tom and Mary can both swim quite well.
Speak French whenever you can.
Speak French with me.
Speak French, OK?
Read books in French.
Read French books.
Watch movies in French.
Watch French movies.
If you want to get good at reading French, then read books in French.
If you want to get good at understanding French, then watch movies in French.
My French is fairly good.
My French is quite good.
My French isn't so bad.
My French is not so bad.
My French is good.
I didn't know French the last time I met you, but now I know a little.
Upon whom are these decisions incumbent?
Beware of Rome if you want to remain pious.
You all are Canadians, aren't you?
You guys are Canadians, aren't you?
You guys are all Canadians, aren't you?
I teach French to Tom.
What's written here isn't French.
It's a French movie.
It's a movie in French.
This movie doesn't have French subtitles.
Do you read French?
Tom's French is OK.
Tom's French isn't as good as Mary's.
Tom's French isn't as good as mine.
I can't read it, but I know that it's French.
I can't read it, but I know it's French.
I don't know what they're saying, but I know that they're speaking French.
I don't know what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
How many French novels have you read?
How many novels have you read in French?
I use French a lot.
This isn't very good French.
This is bad French.
Write to me in French.
Write me in French.
Do I have to speak in French?
You'll need to speak in French if you want this audience to understand you.
I'm weak in French.
My French-speaking ability is pretty low.
Are you guys Canadians?
Are all of you Canadians?
It's a French movie with English subtitles.
Is your wife Canadian?
Is your wife a Canadian?
Are you also Canadians?
Are you also a Canadian?
Are you Canadians, too?
Are you a Canadian, too?
Neither one of those men is a Canadian.
Tom spoke no French the first time I met him.
Tom didn't speak any French the first time I met him.
I must study French.
I only spoke French at that time.
I only spoke French with my grandparents.
I only speak French with my grandparents.
I often read books in French.
I seldom read French books.
I seldom read books in French.
I'm taking a French class.
I'm taking a French class this semester.
I'll read that book in French.
I read it in French.
Tom is bad at French.
I know some French, but not very much.
I know some French, but not enough to apply for that job.
Tom and I speak French together a lot.
Tom and I often speak French together.
Tom and I almost never speak French together.
Tom and I almost never speak French to each other.
I speak French a lot.
I'm a French student.
I really love studying French.
I really love French.
I really love reading books in French.
I really love French books.
I really love books in French.
Tom got 90% on his French test.
I really like French.
I really like my French class.
I really like my French teacher.
I don't really like my French teacher.
I really liked my French teacher.
I didn't really like my French teacher.
I didn't like my French teacher.
I don't like my French teacher.
I really like studying French.
I don't really like studying French.
I read a French book.
I read a book in French.
Anyone can learn French if they study hard enough.
Anybody can learn French if they study hard enough.
You can learn French if you study hard enough.
You, too, can learn French.
You can learn French.
I'm still learning French.
I read French novels.
I don't read French novels.
I'm reading a French novel.
Tom taught us French.
Tom taught French to us.
I can't study French with you tonight.
They don't offer French classes at the school that I go to.
They don't offer French classes at the school I go to.
The man at the bank spoke to me in French.
My father was a Canadian.
Practice your French.
Talk to me in French.
Let's talk to each other in French.
If you don't mind, I'd rather speak in French.
Would it be OK with you if we continued this conversation in French?
If you keep studying French, you'll eventually get better.
Keep studying French.
Your parents speak French to you, don't they?
Do all four of your grandparents speak French?
Tom usually eats a soft-boiled egg for breakfast.
Tom likes to eat a soft-boiled egg for breakfast.
Tom likes soft-boiled eggs and Mary likes hard-boiled eggs.
Every Canadian I've met has been very polite.
Every Canadian that I've met has been very polite.
Is it OK to switch to French?
Would you mind if we switched to French?
I'm not very good at French. Could we switch to English?
Do you think that I should learn French?
Do you think I should learn French?
Do you think that I should study French?
Do you think I should study French?
Should I learn French?
French is a very useful language to know.
French is very useful.
Tom learns French, too.
Tom learns French as well.
Tom also learns French.
French is interesting.
French is fascinating.
You have to study French.
You need to study French.
You ought to study French.
You should study French.
You don't have to study French.
You don't need to study French.
Did you have to study French in high school?
What's this in French?
Tom used to teach me French.
Why are those girls giggling?
Merry bloody Christmas!
How many animals can you see?
I have found you.
What are you doing to kill the time?
He does everything in the right way.
Nobody can know that.
Your taxi is here.
"Your taxi is here." "I'm coming."
I am not going to change.
Keep the cookies in the jar.
He left this behind at the party.
She left her shoe behind at the dance.
It's a little cold.
One thing led to another and they went upstairs where they had sex.
This is a forbidden dance.
This is their traditional dance of love.
He had fun last night.
Skura is my friend, too.
When they were dancing, she felt the spark.
Let's get naked.
"Let's kiss." "Stop it!"
"Let's get naked." "Please stop it!"
He was dancing.
He was jerking off.
He was clapping like a maniac.
He was clapping.
He had an emergency.
He's with your father right now.
These flowers were sent to her by her stalker.
Her stalker has sent her flowers.
Her stalker sends her flowers.
These flowers are probably from Salas.
These flowers are from me.
He's a poet.
Do you like poetry?
He has never tried that before.
She's slutty.
What would he do?
This is Skura's specialty.
He kissed Skura.
"She kissed Salas." "See? She's slutty."
He loves her so much.
You're the one I'm looking for.
He masters the art of loving.
She said she was ashamed to be a woman.
He questioned his sexuality.
He talked about romantic movies.
I need to see you again.
He's texting her back.
He has to think about this.
You're engaged to Skura, aren't you?
He's dating that bimbo.
We can't do anything now.
We're screwed anyways.
I miss you, Skura. I miss us.
There are times when I miss him.
He got dressed.
He talked her out of it.
He hates people.
He hates women.
He needs advice.
Thank you. I'll stay home.
He always trips on that cable.
He had lunch with Skura.
His best friend is gay.
They canceled lunch.
I don't have anyone to share this with.
He got back with his ex.
Actually, I could use some advice.
I don't have to tell Skura.
I could get used to it.
He came up with a plan.
I've come up with a plan, but I'm gonna need your help.
He doesn't want to break up with her.
Just wait for my signal.
They're collecting money.
He shall burn in hell.
He's a devil.
He can't take that ring off.
He cheated on you.
He was cheating on Skura, too.
He was cheating on you, too.
He's still cheating.
He does want to move forward.
He wants to move forward.
He wants to move forward, not backwards.
This is the best for both of us.
He really looks like he's in a lot of pain.
The male grouse performs elaborate dances in order to attract a mate.
How many people live in your city?
