Mennad was carrying a Confederate flag.
Mennad never named the town where he was born.
Mennad burned a Confederate flag in public.
Mennad wanted to film himself burning a Confederate flag.
Mennad did a lot of sightseeing.
Mennad is the club manager.
Mennad loved the Internet.
Mennad has a national audience.
Mennad and Baya were on cloud nine.
Mennad has a rock band.
Mennad hid the gun in the barn.
Mennad parked his car behind the club.
Mennad felt something, probably a gun, stick in his back.
Mennad did his best not to move at all.
Mennad managed to stay calm all the time.
Mennad is a robber.
My memory card reader displays an error message.
Mennad did what he was told.
Mennad said yes under his breath.
Mennad was pleased with his booty.
Mennad didn't do what he was told.
When Mennad arrived, Baya was long gone.
Mennad went back to the club.
Mennad let Baya in on the robbery.
Mennad had nothing to offer the investigation.
The sleuth gave Mennad his card before he left.
Mennad's rock band doesn't have any future.
Mennad has a promising rock band.
Mennad was paid.
Mennad has just been paid.
Mennad does business much different than he did then.
Mennad has bodyguards.
Mennad needs to be vigilant.
Mennad could become a target for criminals.
Mennad and Baya need to be careful.
Mennad promised to be as brief as possible.
Mennad honked at the car ahead of him.
Mennad knew he was in big trouble.
Mennad managed to get away.
Mennad was caught speeding.
Mennad quickly pulled his car over.
The cop shined his flashlight into the back of Mennad's car.
Mennad told me he would do his best.
Mennad was relieved to be alive and out of danger.
Mennad almost had a heart attack.
Mennad almost lost control of his vehicle.
Mennad had a sore neck.
Mennad's pain got worse.
Mennad isn't telling you this story to scare you.
Mennad won't get mad.
Mennad will not get mad.
Mennad was into street racing.
Mennad lived in an abandoned store.
Mennad drove to a deserted airport.
Mennad is the leader of our group.
Mennad was enjoying the break from school.
Mennad decided to race for six hundred dollars.
Mennad's car is faster.
Mennad and Baya were driving side by side on the road.
Mennad lost control of his car.
Mennad took a big deep breath.
Mennad was yelling something.
Mennad couldn't see Baya at all.
Mennad was at touching distance from Baya.
Mennad sat on the ground to regain his composure.
Mennad continued to call Baya.
Mennad couldn't bring himself to answer.
Mennad told the cops what happened.
Mennad told the cops exactly what he saw.
Mennad ended up losing his leg.
Mennad is a racer.
When Mennad got home, he told his parents what had happened.
Mennad saw his friend die.
Mennad saw Baya die in a horrible way.
Mennad saw his friend die in a horrible way.
Mennad will never go to college.
Mennad would probably never go to college.
My keyboard does not work well.
Oh jah, my keyboard is misbehaving!
My keyboard is full of dirt.
Here is the laptop.
The separatists are wasting their time.
Mouloud Mammeri, may he rest in peace, would never have joined the separatists.
He studied in various Islamic schools.
Algeria is a vocal critic of the state of Israel.
The Tiguentourine hostage crisis took place in Algeria in 2013.
Algeria and Morocco have a frosty relationship.
The separatists are known for their fanaticism.
I'd like to cancel my order.
The photocopier's hard drive contains copies of everything we printed in the past months.
He loved Algeria like it was his homeland.
My wife is pregnant.
When she was your age she never left me alone.
Mary tried her best to pull herself together.
No one can hold a candle to you.
I spent most of that time in Kabylie where I learned some Berber.
All you do is watch TV.
All you do is play videogames.
Mary looked around nervously.
Are you trying to make pizza?
He leaves early for school.
Where shall I drop you off?
You can't live beyond your means forever.
You poor baby.
Oh, you poor baby!
This was an eye-opening experience.
This was an eye-opening experience for Tom.
Who does not repent of one fault commits another.
I want a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom spent several weeks in Australia.
Some of us have to leave early.
Tom told me that same joke yesterday.
I want to become a famous actor.
Tom told me the same thing yesterday.
Some of your answers are wrong.
I want to become an electrician.
Tom walked right in without knocking.
Some people are afraid of bats.
Tom walked to the store to buy bread.
I want to buy a house in Boston.
Tom was careful not to wake his wife.
Some people are afraid of dogs.
Tom was careful not to wake the baby.
I want to continue working here.
Tom was fully aware of the situation.
Tom was going in the wrong direction.
I want to know when you're done.
Tom was gone for over thirty minutes.
Stop talking and pay attention.
Tom was on the same plane that I was.
I want to learn how to windsurf.
I want to get married, but not to Mary.
These socks have holes in them.
Tom asked some very strange questions.
I wish I could play the trumpet.
Tom blamed everybody for his problems.
Things were getting really bad.
Tom came home from work earlier today.
Tom came home from work earlier than usual today.
I couldn't see what was going on.
Tom couldn't finish what he'd started.
You're doing much better today.
Tom decided to leave and go to Boston.
I need to learn to defend myself.
Tom didn't realize who that woman was.
You've got a really nice smile.
Tom gave me a bicycle for my birthday.
I need to sell one of my guitars.
Tom was on the same plane I was.
I wish that I could play the trumpet.
Tom blamed everyone for his problems.
I need to learn how to defend myself.
Tom's answer wasn't technically a lie.
Tom tipped the delivery boy thirty dollars.
Tom tipped the bartender three dollars.
Tom ate the entire bag of popcorn by himself.
Tom struggled to keep up with the rest of the class.
I'm sorry. I should've called you back sooner.
You should've asked me sooner.
The list isn't very long.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already winding down.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already almost over.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already over.
I'll never eat chicken again.
I'll never eat meat again.
Tom had a lot to do with that problem.
Only some of us are from Boston.
Tom had three of his friends with him.
I want to become a ballet dancer.
Tom has been here every day this week.
Our neighbors are very friendly.
Tom has been showing up to work drunk.
I want to become a better dancer.
Tom is a jazz musician from Australia.
That's the best we've ever done.
Karol Pazúr was a fiend who slaughtered men, women and children, including toddlers.
Karol Pazúr has never been properly punished for the atrocities that he commited.
I wish that people stopped hating each other.
I wish people would stop hating one another.
If only people stopped hating each other.
He works slowly.
More and more women smoke in Czechia.
I worked from Monday to Friday, from morning to evening.
I was born in Prague, like my sister.
She told me not to smoke in the kitchen.
She told me not to smoke in the presence of children.
I was told not to eat in the workplace.
He admitted to not sleeping for three days.
He admitted to not having a driving licence.
She is said to have had an affair with the mayor of the town.
I won't force myself to anything.
I asked her if lunch was finished.
I assured her that I would never leave her.
They told me not to repair it by myself.
I was told not to repair it by myself.
I wanted to apologize for yesterday.
Our neighbours offered us a puppy.
I prefer the train to the bus.
The train driver went through a red light.
Are you scared, Tom?
Tom wanted to feel loved and accepted by others.
Tom wants to be loved and accepted by others.
Oh you poor little thing.
Oh, you poor little thing.
Tom saw something moving in the grass.
Tom saw something moving in the tall grass.
Tom had a knee replacement surgery.
Piccadilly Circus is in London.
Bright sunlight streamed in through the window.
It was a night Tom would never forget.
It was a day Tom would never forget.
You're in enough trouble already.
Don't be silly. You're in enough trouble already.
This cat is adorable.
Tom's cat is adorable.
Tom's cat disappeared a few days.
Tom's cat disappeared a few days and then came back home.
Tom was worried that his cat would never come back.
This is an indoor cat.
Tom's cat is an indoor cat.
Tom's cat is an outdoor cat.
Tom's cat is allowed outdoors.
Tom's cat spends most his day outdoor.
Tom put food in his cat's bowl.
Tom put food in his dog's bowl.
Cats are territorial.
Is your cat spayed?
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Bright sunlight streamed in through the windows.
Just do what makes you happy.
Don't think too much. Just do what makes you happy.
Tom smiled for the cameras.
Tom offered to help Mary with her homework.
In my opinion, this story is not intended for children.
I should have bought more apples.
Tom tried to forget about what had happened.
Mary tried to forget about what had happened.
Tom tried to forget about what had just happened.
Tom tried his best to forget about what had happened.
Tom did his best to forget about what had happened.
Tom did his best to forget about his troubles.
Tom didn't stay single for long.
I want to share my story of how I became a practicing Muslim.
I want to share my story of how I become a Muslim.
He is well involved in Islamic religious institutions.
Tom arrived at the office early.
This is a common misconception about Islam.
How did you become a Muslim?
Tom arrived late to work.
Both my parents are Muslim.
I'm Muslim and I live in Kabylie, Algeria.
Tom often arrives late for work.
I got a job teaching Berber.
Tom asked Mary to cover for him.
I ended up in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie is beautiful, yes.
"Where is this village?" "In Kabylie, Algeria."
I teach Islamic culture in Paris.
I didn't speak Berber at all.
He's almost my height.
When I went to that Kabyle village, everyone was inviting me to their house.
The office was empty.
I'm teaching Berber in Oran.
I got so used to it.
I just got so used to it.
I couldn't speak Berber when I first went there.
I really got used to the routine.
I had to hang on to my Islamic faith.
I never thought about my religion.
I am Muslim.
Islam is the true religion.
Islam is the religion of truth.
My parents are Muslim.
Muslims believe that the Quran is the word of God.
Is the Quran truly the word of God?
Muslims believe in Allah.
There are no contradictions in the Quran.
I read a few verses of the Quran.
Did you find any contradictions in the Quran?
Have you ever come across contradictions in the Quran?
I read the Quran multiple times.
He withdrew completely.
Go and read the Quranic verses yourself.
You withdrew completely.
My religion is Islam.
There are no scientific errors in the Quran.
The Quran is consistent with science.
The Quran contains many scientific miracles.
He has no idea about what the Quran says.
He has no idea about what the Quran is.
Let's read the Quran.
The Quran contains many scientific truths.
This scientific theory is consistent with the Quran.
Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, didn't write the Quran.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, didn't write the Quran.
Muhammad is the prophet of Islam.
Is evolution mentioned in the Quran?
Do you accept the theory of evolution?
I'm not an atheist.
I am not an atheist.
What are the origins of the universe?
I am not an atheist. I am Muslim.
I chose to devote my life to Islam.
I chose to devote my life to the study of Islam.
I chose to devote my life to the Berber language.
Do you have a copy of the Quran in your library?
I get up every morning before sunrise to pray.
I'm Muslim and I get up every morning before sunrise to pray.
What's the Quran?
What's Islam?
Who is Muhammad?
I believe in the God of Islam.
I believe in the Quran.
I believe in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
I am Muslim and I believe in God and Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Islam is a religion of peace.
This talk is not about Islam.
I am not a Muslim.
This talk is about Islamophobia.
What is Islamophobia?
Islamophobia is dangerous.
Muslim Americans are barely one percent of the US population.
Trump has blocked Muslims from many countries from entering the United States.
Islamophobia is a problem that's on the rise.
Islamophobia is a real problem.
A group of skinheads gathered near the mosque.
A heavily armed small group of KKK members gathered around the mosque.
All you need to know about Islam is on this website.
Is this a racist statement?
Let's study Islamic history.
Are Muslims a threat?
My father came to this country from Algeria.
To these people, because we are Muslims, we are supposedly all terrorists.
That's still technically racist.
That's still technically racism.
That's still technically a stereotype.
They are complaining that there are "too many" Muslims in this town.
"There are too many Muslims here." "This is a racist statement, isn't it?" "No, it's not. I'm not racist."
"We have too many Muslims in our town." "Isn't this a racist statement?" "No, it's not. It's a fact and I'm not racist". "What should we do then?" "Well, kick them out of here."
This is based on misconceptions about Islam.
I know nothing about Islam.
Now I know what Islam is.
I'm trying to teach people what Islam is.
I studied Islam.
ISIS is committing atrocities in the name of Islam.
The deliberately dissecrated the Quran.
There are roughly one and a half billion Muslims in the world.
Lots of Muslims are working hard against radicalization.
The majority of those fighting ISIS are Muslims, not Donald Trump's KKK supporters or evangelicals.
My father is Muslim.
She married a Muslim man.
Many Muslim people died protecting Christians.
Many Muslim people died protecting non-Muslims.
He made Islamophobic comments.
He doesn't know anything about Islam.
Islamophobic comments are dangerous.
There is no "global existential war" between Islam and the West.
You need to study Islam.
Extremists need to be marginalized.
Islamophobia is a danger.
The audience gasped.
Tom typed on his Blackberry.
What are you looking for, sir?
Tom blocked the intersection.
A driver blocked the intersection.
A driver was blocking the intersection.
Don't block the box.
Plundering with excessive damage and destruction.
Individual unconventional plays are usually discussed under the province in which the play is principally located.
Gridlock occurs when cars block intersections.
This city suffers from gridlock.
Tom felt like he had no choice.
Mary felt like she had no choice.
Tom and Mary compared their notes.
Tom and Mary compared notes.
They compared notes.
How will this end?
He appears to do the opposite.
Can you make Swiss cheese?
Tom was totally lost.
You lost me there.
He follows the same routine.
Tom and Mary read a book together.
It's the same story told over and over again.
Tom read a book with his son.
Tom read a book with his daughter.
He just needs some financial support.
Tom read the book aloud.
Tom read the book aloud to Mary.
He would always break his promise.
Tom struggled to learn how to read.
Tom is a poor reader.
Tom apologized about what had happened.
Mary apologized about what had happened.
Tom was confused by what had happened.
Mary was confused by what had happened.
The interest was mutual.
Tom beat Mary to the punch.
Tom folded an origami crane.
Tom thought the attraction was mutual.
Tom thought that the attraction was mutual.
Tom was sure that the attraction was mutual.
Tom was convinced that the attraction was mutual.
Tom reviewed his notes.
Tom invested in a mutual fund.
Tom felt that the attraction was mutual.
Mary realized that the attraction was mutual.
Tom realized that the attraction was mutual.
Tom suddenly realized that the attraction was mutual.
Tom was worried about his friend.
Mary was worried about her friend.
They never saw each other again.
Tom and Mary never saw each other again.
Tom had no idea if it was true.
Tom had no idea if any of it was true.
Tom had no idea if Mary's allegations were true.
Home cooking is the best.
It is difficult to forget certain things.
The castle is not easy to reach.
Could he really be interested in her?
Could she really be interested in him?
Tom and Mary fell in love gradually.
Tom was young and handsome.
At first, I wasn't attracted to Tom.
At first, I wasn't attracted to him.
At first, I wasn't attracted to her.
At first, Tom wasn't attracted to Mary.
I wasn't attracted to him at first.
I wasn't attracted to her at first.
I wasn't attracted to him at the beginning.
I wasn't attracted to her at the beginning.
It is difficult to understand certain things.
Some things are difficult to understand.
Tom caught Mary checking her phone.
Athena is the goddess of wisdom.
The Parthenon is a temple dedicated to Athena.
There used to be a giant statue of Athena inside the Parthenon.
Caryatids are sculpted female figures that serve as columns.
Some things are difficult to obtain.
The Parthenon is located inside the Acropolis of Athens.
The temple of Athena Nike is a temple on the Acropolis of Athens.
The temple of Athena Nike is dedicated to the goddess Athena.
"Nike" means victory in ancient Greek.
The Erechtheion is a temple located inside the Acropolis of Athens.
There's no cellphone coverage in this area.
At first, Mary wasn't attracted to Tom.
Tom answered evasively.
Tom's parents have high expectations.
Tom's parents have high expectations for him.
The workers tried to form a union.
The workers tried to unionize.
Tom clearly had something to hide.
Mary clearly had something to hide.
He clearly had something to hide.
She clearly had something to hide.
Our customers are counting on us.
Tom is actually doing a very good job.
I want to become a better golfer.
Tom is an extraordinary tennis player.
That's the right way to do that.
Tom is an extremely talented musician.
I want to become a famous artist.
Tom is getting on his horse right now.
That's the wrong way to do that.
Tom is getting ready to take a shower.
I want to become a famous singer.
The farmer feeds alfalfa to his dairy cattle.
This book is not hard to read.
Aren't we going to Belarus?
John clearly had something to hide.
Tom is hanging out with his roommates.
There's a better way to do that.
Tom is living in my house with me now.
I want to do this somewhere else.
Tom is trying to be a good stepfather.
We want to do that by ourselves.
Tom is wearing one of John's T-shirts.
I want to ride the roller coaster.
Tom lost his father in a car accident.
You're getting better every day.
Tom read his confession and signed it.
I want to see how you'll do that.
Tom seemed to be getting stressed out.
You've just about mastered that.
Tom shares an apartment with a friend.
I wish I could play the clarinet.
Tom spent the weekend with his father.
Either Monday or Wednesday is OK.
Tom told me that John was his brother.
I could do that in thirty minutes.
Tom took a quick look around the room.
Neither of us can help you today.
Tom tried to figure out what happened.
I couldn't see what was happening.
Tom was getting yelled at by his boss.
Nothing could be worse than that.
Tom was living in Australia back then.
I had a tricycle when I was a kid.
Tom was only in Boston for three days.
Only a few of us are from Boston.
Tom was sitting over there by himself.
I need to have a meeting with you.
Tom was studying in Australia in 2013.
Tom was supposed to help me on Monday.
I want everything out in the open.
Tom was supposed to testify on Monday.
That's the best you've ever done.
I had a tricycle when I was a child.
Tom took the kids to see his parents.
I want to have a meeting with you.
Tom works for a big insurance company.
There wasn't anything in the box.
Tom works at a large department store.
I want to be one of the cool kids.
Tom worked as a bodyguard for a while.
There isn't anything left to eat.
Tom wasn't sorry for what he had done.
I want something better than that.
Tom wasn't present when that happened.
Tom's disappearance remains a mystery.
You're really working hard today.
Tom's problems are going to get worse.
I want to know when that happened.
Both of Tom's legs had to be amputated.
Doing that alone can be dangerous.
Tom told me John was his brother.
That's the best that you've ever done.
I wish that I could play the clarinet.
I have a yen for travelling.
That doesn't tell me anything.
Tom just gave that to me.
Tom just gave it to me.
In the book of Exodus, God dwelt on Mount Sinai, and in the book Leviticus, He dwelt in the Tabernacle of the Congregation. In the Gospels, God's Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and now God dwells in every person born again and baptized with the Holy Spirit.
North Africa was the bread basket of the Roman Empire.
Lakhdar Benkoula is another pseudo-intellectual who writes disgusting racist articles.
Lakhdar Benkoula is another pseudo-intellectual who writes articles to question the existence of the Berber language.
Rabid racist dogs like Naima Salhi and Noureddine Khettal are supporters of the extremist Islamists of the former Islamic Salvation Front.
Is there life on Titan?
This fungus can control its own growth.
This fungus died from a root disease.
This fungus infects trees.
This fungus maintains its biomass under the soil.
This fungus lives in tropical forests.
This fungus is humongous.
Who discovered America first?
Mice live practically everywhere.
Mice are rodents.
Mice are rodents and rats are rodents, too.
Mice are kept as pets.
Your donation could save a life.
Are you Australian or Kiwi?
We need to find the north.
We are completely lost.
We need to know east and west.
What's this star called?
Which way is the star moving?
The star is moving to the west.
I'm facing the north.
Is this a naturally occurring element?
You're an actor.
"You're an actor." "I am? I don't believe you."
He doesn't know if he will be able to contribute to the household regularly.
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Titus Livus.
Pluto is the 9th largest body orbiting the Sun.
Pluto was regarded as the 9th planet for more than years.
Pluto is not really a planet.
Pluto was reclassified as a dwarf planet.
Pluto is small.
Pluto is made of rocky ice.
Pluto is about two thirds rock and one third ice.
Pluto has a lot of ice.
Pluto is the largest dwarf planet in the solar system.
Eris is the most massive dwarf planet in the solar system.
Pluto has a thin atmosphere.
Pluto has an atmosphere.
Pluto is very far from the sun.
Pluto's orbit is highly elliptical.
Pluto is sometimes closer to the sun than Neptune is.
Pluto is so far from the sun.
Pluto is a cold world.
Pluto is very dark.
Pluto rotates on its side.
Like Uranus, Pluto rotates in its side.
Uranus rotates on its side.
Pluto has moons.
One of Pluto's moons is Charon.
Pluto was discovered in the 20th century.
Pluto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930.
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Livy.
Pluto was found by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930.
The Kuiper belt is very far from the sun.
The Kuiper belt consists mainly of icy material.
Let them hear from you.
Pluto is so small and distant.
The New Horizons space probe flew by Pluto.
The New Horizons space probe flew by the Pluto system.
Pluto is very far from us.
Pluto is a very far celestial object.
The New Horizons spacecraft sent a lot of images of Pluto.
Charon is Pluto's largest moon.
What does Pluto look like?
The New Horizons space probe sent a lot of photos of Pluto.
What did New Horizons discover during its fly-by of Pluto?
Charon, Pluto's largest moon, is very different from its parent planet.
The geology of Pluto is very interesting.
Pluto has ice plains.
Pluto is very cold.
Pluto is extremely cold.
Pluto has glaciers and mountain ranges.
Pluto has interesting geological features.
On Pluto, ice turns directly into ice and this is called sublimation.
Pluto has vast ice plains.
Pluto is tightly locked to its largest moon, Charon.
Pluto has spectacular geological features.
Millions of marriages are unhappy: if everybody confessed the truth, perhaps all are more or less so.
Pluto has cryovolcanoes.
Pluto has ice volcanoes.
Pluto has hydrocarbons.
Pluto's surface is heavily cratered.
Pluto is a bizarre world.
Pluto is a unique world.
Pluto is a wonderful world.
Earth's atmosphere is dense and massive.
Pluto is a solar system object.
Pluto has lots of ice.
Pluto is so small.
Pluto has impressive landscapes.
How big is our solar system?
Everything in the solar system is centered around the sun.
The sun is very far away from the Earth.
The sun is the biggest object in the solar system.
The sun makes up more than 99% of the mass of the solar system.
The sun is so big.
The sun is more than a hundred times wider than the Earth.
The sun has a massive gravity.
The sun allows us to live on Earth.
Without the sun, nothing would survive.
The sun is a giant ball of gas.
The sun is always burning.
Mercury is the smallest planet in the solar system.
Mercury is a lot like the moon.
"The end of the world is not for tomorrow", said Livy.
Mercury is the fastest planet to go around the sun.
Some people call Venus Earth's sister.
Venus is very hot.
Venus is the hottest planet in the solar system.
Venus has a thick atmosphere.
Venus has clouds of sulfuric acid.
Venus is the second planet from the sun.
Earth is the only planet to have living things.
Mars is the fourth planet from the sun.
Mars is known as the Red Planet.
There is water ice on Mars.
We have already sent rockets and probes to Mars.
Robots are exploring the surface of Mars.
Mars has its own moons.
In western civilisation, waste of food is still a common thing.
Mars's moons are small and have irregular shapes.
Many rocky objects orbit the sun.
Jupiter is a gas giant.
Jupiter is made mostly of gases.
Jupiter is the third brightest object in sky. Only the sun and Saturn are brighter than Jupiter.
Jupiter has many moons.
We can't land on Jupiter because it's made of gas.
Jupiter has no land we can land on.
Jupiter is made of gas.
Saturn is a gas giant, too.
Jupiter is a gas giant and Saturn is a gas giant, too.
Saturn has more than sixty moons orbiting around it.
Saturn is very large.
Saturn is not very dense.
Saturn and Jupiter are very large.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the sun.
Uranus is a gas giant, too.
Uranus spins sideways.
Uranus has known moons.
Uranus is covered in blue clouds made of methane.
Neptune is a gas giant, too.
Neptune is blue, too.
Neptune take a very long time to go around the sun.
Neptune takes years to finish an orbit around the sun.
Neptune has the longest orbit of any planet in the solar system.
Pluto was discovered in 1930.
Pluto is very small.
In 2006, Pluto was declared as a dwarf planet.
Pluto is considered a dwarf planet.
Have you been having trouble hearing lately?
The doctor is expecting you.
He's a good ear doctor.
She's a good eye doctor.
We should get him a present.
I'd like to wring his neck.
He's always doing something with his hands.
He's having trouble with his ears.
Do you hear the music?
He has a hearing problem.
He was expecting his new life in Algeria to be easy.
He was the webmaster of an anime message board.
The USSR fell in 1991.
London has a vibrant Muslim community.
Moving to Algeria was for him a dream come true.
He aced the test.
I have a thumb drive.
He went to Algeria to see his father.
The video is on Youtube and is playing all over the world.
He's still in Algeria.
He boarded a flight to Algiers.
I usually get up at six in the morning but today, I was already up at four.
He's a liar and a totally skill-less individual.
It is high time you told the truth.
It is high time that you told the truth.
It is high time for you to tell the truth.
He was adjusting to life in Algeria.
She had nostalgia for her country of origin, Algeria.
He started building a new life for himself in Algeria.
He's interested in developing the Algerian tourist industry.
He wanted to rebuild his life in Algeria.
Divorce is legal in Algeria.
She became fluent in Berber.
She applied for a job at the Algerian embassy in Moscow.
He had a career in the Algerian military.
She was living in Algeria.
She applied to work at the Algerian consulate in Montreal.
He arrived in Algeria.
They're fluent in Berber.
The Algerian police arrested him for illegally crossing the border.
He has to contact the Algerian embassy.
He requested to be sent back to Algeria.
The OSS was the precursor to the CIA.
They had no idea she could speak fluent Berber.
He spent his whole life playing sports outside.
She wanted more in her life than just raising her children.
Shut up and let me speak!
He enlisted in the Algerian army.
"I saw more than the others because I was on the shoulders of giants," said Isaac Newton.
They have a deep-seated hatred for the Nazis.
They do not have a Romanian passport.
She traveled to Algeria in 1991.
She could not speak Berber.
He returned home to Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri is featured on an Algerian postage stamp.
She finished her master's degree in Berber.
An Algerian movie was made based on his story.
He was sent to a Quranic school.
He was dispatched to Algeria.
He trained in Algeria.
He was forced to return to Algeria.
He returned to Algeria to recover.
He was jailed in Algeria.
The tests confirmed that she has low blood pressure and low hemoglobin.
He wrote he was happy not to see Algeria again.
Algeria never declared war on anyone.
He returned to Algeria.
I recorded this video in Algeria.
He preferred to have a quiet life behind a desk.
Tom taught me to fold an origami shuriken.
The shot rang out, and the deer, like an arrow, rushed forward.
He was having the time of his life in Algeria.
Tom taught me how to make an origami ninja star.
Russia begins in Vladivostok.
He led a quiet and wealthy life in his country, Algeria.
He crossed the border with Algeria.
He was transferred to a prison near Algiers.
He dressed like a Kabyle peasant.
In China, lamb eggs are considered a very expensive delicacy.
He went to a tailor in Algiers.
He took his daughter to a dressmaker in Algiers.
He stayed in Algeria until 1997.
He finally moved to Algeria.
He enrolled at the Cherchell Military Academy in Algeria.
He entered the Cherchell Military Academy in Algeria in 1991.
His first year at the Cherchell Military Academy was a challenging time for him.
Relations between Algeria and Morocco have been deteriorating for some time.
He was sent to Algeria as a diplomat.
He was back in Algiers.
He left for Algeria in April of 2004.
He was sent to Algeria.
He was sent back to Algeria.
Algerians don't quit.
He learned about his firing through a radio report.
He made his final trip to Algeria in 2004.
He was born in in Algeria into extreme poverty.
He had a hard life.
Something has started shaking up in Algeria.
The separatists use a lot of foul language with anyone who disagrees with them.
He's smoking slowly, taking long and luxurious drags from his cigar.
He invited her to Algeria.
He wasn't allowed to go to Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri was one of the greatest writers of Algeria.
Idir is strong in French.
The bulk of these books are novels.
This online store's privacy policy is hard to understand.
Nobody knows what the future holds.
When he finishes reading his text, we go on with a debate between students.
Questions will rain on the casual reader. He is required to answer each of them.
The teacher, a Frenchman, will not say a word until the end.
There he will give his opinion and the summary of the novel and the debate that follows.
Tom doesn't care about protecting his personal information online.
The message that Idir wants to convey is that Kabyle has its own literature.
That's awfully convenient.
I'll just watch the first episode.
Let's just watch the first episode.
Tom has a small vocabulary.
Tom has a large vocabulary.
This is an uncommon word.
Tom misread the word.
I should talk to Tom about the problem.
I want to rent a bigger apartment.
I want Tom to quit watching so much TV.
Mountain climbing is a lot of fun.
I want to see the house Tom grew up in.
I want to run for class president.
Tom asked to talk to the store manager.
Some of us won't be here tomorrow.
Tom barricaded himself inside his room.
I want you in the conference room.
Tom confessed to murdering three women.
Some people are afraid of heights.
Tom didn't know who had killed his dog.
I wish I could play the saxophone.
Tom didn't realize who that person was.
We could get fired for doing this.
Tom doesn't know who he's messing with.
I could've done that better myself.
Tom finally found what was looking for.
All the positions have been filled.
Please make your payment in dollars.
If you don't have a Euro account, you can make your payment in dollars by money transfer.
I always pay my monthly rent in Euros.
I have a laptop right here.
He owns an online store.
Houari Boumediene ruled over Algeria with an iron fist.
Few of these separatists ever traveled beyond the borders of their birthplace.
The teaching is done in the Berber language.
Germany is a big country.
Hypocrisy and violence are a cultural fact in Algeria.
My house by the lake.
I tried to get them out of the cage.
Algerians veil their wives but deceive them too.
In Algeria hospitals are built in front of the cemeteries.
She's about as tall as you are.
When will he give it to you?
In Algeria the economy is capitalist but the culture is communist.
In Algeria we cure cancer and AIDS by reciting the Koran.
In Algeria all diseases can be cured by camel piss.
I don't believe his story.
In Algeria autism is due to the evil eye.
The real president of the Algerians is General Gaïd Salah.
The real power in Algeria is in the hands of the political police.
The Algerian security system works exactly like the Gestapo.
The Algerian regime is a Stalinist regime.
He studied Berber literature and history.
Our country, Algeria, is a republic.
He began to study Berber.
He won a scholarship to study Berber in Paris.
While I was in London, I met some fellow Algerians.
The separatists insult even their like-minded friends.
He joined the Algerian fight for independence from the French.
He taught Berber in Algeria.
He returned to Algeria in 1997.
Algerians want open and free political elections.
We want change in Algeria.
He was educated in Algeria.
Algeria is a dictatorial country.
He lived in the outskirts of Algiers.
In Algeria there is no tourism because of Islamists and thugs.
Berber is spoken as a native language in Algeria by more than a third of the country's population.
I'm starting a new business in Algeria.
In Algeria there has never been any electoral transparency.
In Algeria, gang rapes are very common.
Many people in Raqqa enthusiastically welcomed the Daesh terrorists.
In the territories the Daesh terrorists controlled, they used cutting-edge violence in order to rebuild a new society from the ground up.
Daesh banned almost any form of entertainment.
Exorcism is practiced in Algeria because we see evil everywhere.
In Algeria even doctors believe in exorcism and the evil eye.
Algeria and Morocco had a border dispute in the 1960's.
In Algeria, patients are sent to exorcists and imams.
Father is busy right now.
In Algeria, the ministers and the presidents pray that the sky will rain in the heatwave.
We used the money to build mosques.
In Algeria ministers make a televised prayer for rain in drought, but they all have cisterns at home.
The separatist group is only popular on Facebook.
Mosques are political institutions that teach hatred and war.
The Algerian generals are the gods of Algeria.
In 2012, Algerians went to the polls to elect a new parliament.
General Gaïd Salah is a lion in Algeria but a worm in the West and everywhere else.
He purchased a ranch in Algeria.
Bouteflika has reigned over Algerians for years and since General Gaïd Salah has taken his place.
In Algeria you have to be a soldier to earn a living and to be respected.
All Algerian neighborhoods are dirty except where the generals live.
Algerians engage in the army only to oppress other Algerians.
He was a fixture at the local mosque.
He made a decision that would change his life.
Even you would help us.
He turned to Islamic fundamentalism.
His father passed away following a long illness.
He took a vacation to Algeria.
He's making more and more trips to Algeria.
He politely declined my invitation to convert to Islam.
I tried to convert her to Islam but she politely declined.
Right-wing terror is extremely dangerous.
Daesh terrorists are idiots while right-wing terrorists are smart idiots.
Far right extremists are much smarter and could be far deadlier than Daesh terrorists.
This neighborhood is predominantly made up of Kabyles and people from Jijel and Setif.
Mahfoud Boucebci was a brilliant Algerian psychiatrist and intellectual. Born in Miliana to a Kabyle family, he was murdered on June 15, by Islamist terrorists.
To the separatists, even John Fitzgerald Kennedy was Kabyle.
To the separatists, even Abraham Lincoln was Kabyle and his killer was a self-hating Muslim Kabyle of Arab descent.
He was on his way to a rock concert in Algiers.
This is not the only time this has happened to him.
He joined the Algerian army.
The separatists would argue eloquently one minute then insult you the next minute.
That's all he can do.
Only God can save me.
Only God can help me.
His remains were buried in Algeria.
He grew up in Kabylie, Algeria, raising chickens and growing vegetables in his backyard.
He read a lot of books in Berber.
He loved living in Kabylie.
He packed his bags and went to Algeria.
He teaches Berber classes.
The separatists are always angry and argumentative. They'd also insult anyone who dares to disagree with their radical and racist views.
He relocated from Bejaia to Algiers.
Poetry is a therapy.
To those who don't know him, Mennad Bakir is a sweet and charming man.
He joined the Algerian Muslim Scouts.
He wanted to get as far away from his hometown, in Kabylie, as he could.
He wanted to become the president of Algeria.
It was very easy for him to get a fresh start in life.
He's looking for a new apartment in Algeria.
Not wanting to is the reason; not being able to is just an excuse.
I have nothing to offer you.
I am not good at maths.
He has a talent for languages but he isn't good at maths.
I have a talent for languages but I am not good at maths.
The proposal to introduce vegetarian meals into school lunchrooms was rejected.
The flowers wilted as nobody watered them.
The flowers wilted because nobody watered them.
The water well has dried out.
The water well dried out.
The separatists want to convince Kabyles that all the world is against them.
To the separatists, all Kabyles are guilty of treason because they don't support their separatist project.
To the followers of the Daesh terrorist group, all Muslims are guilty of apostasy because they don't recognize the authority of their leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
To the separatists, all Kabyles are traitors because they don't support their separatist project.
To the separatists, all Kabyle singers are traitors because they don't support their separatist project.
To the separatists, all Kabyle intellectuals are traitors because they don't support their absurd separatist project.
Peter was born mentally retarded.
They dragged her into the cellar and raped her.
She was dragged into the cellar and raped.
He was busy reading the Quran.
He was able to recite long passages of the Quran.
He overcame his speech impediment by reciting the Quran.
They asked him to leave the mosque.
This association was founded by an Algerian immigrant to Canada.
He traveled to Algeria with his pregnant wife.
We have screenshots of the threatening messages sent to us by the separatists.
We have photographic evidence of the threatening messages sent to us by the separatists.
Hens are said to be stupid birds.
Geese are aggressive birds.
He got his first exposure to religion by the way of the local Islamic cultural center.
His new favorite topic changed from politics to Islamic history.
He moved to Bejaia, Algeria.
He went to Algiers by bus.
I enjoy watching documentaries on YouTube.
My favorite YouTube channel is Deutsche Welle.
True separatist activists are very few in Kabylie. Most of those you see in their now rare rallies are people who would take part in a separatist rally this minute, and in the rally of another political party the next minute.
Do they love me?
In 1991, the Islamist activists of the Islamic Salvation Front coerced the public to vote for their party.
He asked me why I was so upset.
She told me they had left her without any money.
Nobody had gone in or out during the previous hour, she informed me.
“I hate you!” he shouted.
“I couldn’t sleep last night,” he said.
He thought that he needed a new direction in life.
He did it out of jealousy.
He said he was moving to Hungary.
He told me he was moving to Hungary.
What are you baking?
No one likes the separatists.
Don't work hard. Work smart.
Have you ever loved me?
Shouldn't you phone home? Your parents will be wondering where you are.
My parents taught me Berber.
I really started to enjoy learning Berber.
I eat couscous for lunch.
The one I love sent me a letter.
The separatists are known for their obscenities.
The separatists don't known a damned thing about Kabylie.
She did not write me a letter.
I am more famous.
She has a lovely Kabyle accent.
His father did everything he could to discourage her love of the Berber language.
He was goofing off in school.
Berber can't be my only focus.
He's fully dedicated to his life with Taninna.
He enjoys living in Algeria.
He's forced to stay in Algeria.
The separatists are known for their aggressive messages and racist attacks.
He focused on domestic life.
Violence makes life in Algeria not worth living.
We're sending Taninna to Algeria.
Taninna would be safer in Algeria.
Algerians should be proud and patriotic.
Algerians have every reason to be proud of their country.
He has been in her life since she was fourteen years old.
He was traveling in Algeria.
He traveled to Algeria and Tunisia.
We returned to Algeria.
This is a job for life.
He loved teaching Berber.
He brought a lot of joy to her life.
His half-siblings are Muslim.
The separatists send me threatening messages on a regular basis.
He came into the world in in Algeria.
His life revolved around drugs and sex.
In 1970, he moved to Algiers.
It's over, he stopped teaching.
He has taught for more than forty years.
He retired last year.
He does not know what to do now.
Give me a summary of the book.
They are trying to destroy our language.
He will only write.
Like it or not, it will be day.
It is not our responsibility.
At the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya there is a secure enclosure where the last two known female Northern White Rhinos are grazing peacefully.
Their fate seems to be sealed.
Your fate is sealed.
They can’t procreate any more since the last male Northern White Rhino, named Sudan, died last year.
His tomb is not far away.
Sudan's tomb represents the obituary of a race that at one time, at the turn of the 20th century, numbered 3,animals.
The Ol Pejeta Conservancy has announced that veterinarians have extracted ova from the females to be inseminated with Northern White Rhino sperm collected earlier.
These rhinos were born in captivity.
This lion was born in captivity.
The elephant was born in captivity.
The gestation period of a rhino is about months.
Dolphins rely on echolocation.
Tom paid the ransom.
Tom immediately agreed to pay the ransom.
Stop making excuses for Tom.
Stop making excuses for him.
Stop making excuses for him!
Stop making excuses for her!
Christian Huggel, a professor at the University of Zurich in Switzerland who specializes in glaciology and geomorphodynamics (the study of changing forms of geologic surfaces), said thousands of cubic meters of water moving down a mountain "is really quite destructive and it can happen suddenly."
Glacial lake outburst floods, or GLOFs, are increasing in frequency as climate change increases the rate of glacial melting.
The most devastating GLOFs occur in the Himalayan regions of India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Nepal and the Tibetan Plateau.
In the Himalayas, climate change melted glaciers by a vertical foot and half of ice each year from to 2016.
Local people have noticed the change.
In a interview from the Everest basecamp, Dr. Nima Namgyal Sherpa told VOA that in the past, the glacial streams in the mid-Everest region started flowing in May, but the Sherpas now see the flow beginning in April.
The melted snowpack seeps down to fill mountainside indentations to form glacial lakes.
"Bigger lakes may increase the risk of catastrophic dam failure," Joseph Shea, a glacier hydrologist at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Canada, told the magazine Science.
The melting of glaciers has put cities like Huaraz at risk of what scientists call a “glof,” or glacial lake outburst flood.
There are more than a thousand glacial lakes on the Tibetan Plateau, with more than larger than 0.square kilometer in Nepal alone.
On June 12, 2016, a GLOF near Mount Everest sent million cubic meters of water toward the Nepalese village of Chukhung.
Just one outhouse was lost to the torrents, in part because scientists warned residents in the area about the approaching danger.
The UNDP program, which helped establish flood protection systems in the area starting in 2011, has installed small-scale drainage systems and mini-dams, and taught people in the remote region survival skills, such as simple first aid, because the arrival of skilled emergency help can be delayed by the rugged topography.
The danger is real.
Tom taught Mary survival skills.
The cows are grazing peacefully.
The gazelles are grazing peacefully.
The antelopes were grazing peacefully.
The dinosaurs are grazing peacefully.
The bison was grazing peacefully.
Tom saw a herd of springbok in the distance.
Tom saw a herd of horses grazing peacefully in the distance.
The reindeer grazed peacefully.
Tom got involved in a fight at the bar.
I want a progress report on Monday.
Tom had a lot of trouble finding a job.
Let's go camping together sometime.
Tom has already made many friends here.
I want a progress report right now.
Tom has already started cooking dinner.
Let's go fishing together sometime.
Tom has been asking a lot of questions.
We've been married for nearly thirty years.
I'm genuinely sorry for what I said.
I didn't eat it, because I didn't see it.
The children have blonde hair.
Trump wants to buy Greenland.
Danish officials rejected Trump's offer to buy Greenland.
"Trump wants to buy Greenland." "Why doesn't he try to buy Australia instead?"
Fishing is a significant sector in Algeria.
He's living in Algiers.
The separatists hate Algeria.
Bouteflika led Algeria for twenty years.
Bouteflika can't communicate efficiently.
Bouteflika is incapacitated.
I want to read a bit more on Algeria.
Algeria isn't an effective democracy.
Algeria doesn't want to be part of a new chapter of the Arab Spring.
Algeria underwent a liberation war against the French.
Algeria is a key player in the country's politics.
Algeria is one of the safest countries in Africa.
We don't want instability in Algeria.
Bouteflika was born to Algerian parents in Oujda, Morocco.
Algeria achieved its independence in 1962.
Houari Boumediene was Algeria's president until his death in 1978.
He left to Algeria.
Algeria need to become an authentic democracy.
The Islamists want to turn Algeria into an Islamic state.
The Islamists want to turn Algeria into a caliphate.
Bouteflika managed to end the civil war in Algeria.
Bouteflika opened Algeria's economy to foreign investment.
A lot of Algerians have become accustomed to subsidies.
Algeria needs an effective democratization.
Nobody could see an alternative for Algeria.
He's doing a class project on pollution.
Happy alone is the soul that loves.
Because of you, I was late.
I'm at a loss to know how I can help you.
Free time is at a premium for working parents.
Both my sons are crazy about football.
It's down to me to find a suitable person for the job.
I'm dying for something to eat.
After sixty years, the town's theatre is still going strong.
The weather forecast says we're in for heavy rain this evening.
The police breathalysed him last night, but he was in the clear.
I'm not really in the mood for shopping.
We're still in the process of decorating the house.
They have a dog from a dog pound.
Having a dog has a lot of benefits.
I'm lost without my computer.
If your dog is to be healthy and happy, you have to take care of him properly.
A dog will always love you unconditionally.
I didn't go to the meeting even though I had been invited.
He's nothing if not charming.
You always have to be on your guard against pickpockets.
I only did it out of good will.
Some politicians quickly forgot about their past.
He pretended not to know his wife.
In January 1877, the priest of the village Grigoryevka, Kherson Governorate, reported to the diocesan authorities that in his village Baptists cry, sing and kiss the floor during their prayers.
Not all animals are scared of fire.
Stand over there and you'll be able to see it better.
That child ought to be in bed.
He works to get paid, not because he enjoys it.
Her little brother is a famous soccer player.
This teacher is said to be popular with children.
During Soviet times, Baptists resorted to being baptized at night in the forest to avoid being arrested.
It's like you said: It's great!
It's as you said: it's perfect!
It's as you said: it's impeccable!
The horses grazed peacefully in the valley.
The sheep grazed peacefully in the meadow.
Greta Thunberg is a climate activist.
We need to stand together and take action because otherwise it might be too late.
The climate and ecological crisis is a global crisis and the biggest humanity has ever faced.
The Amazon is on fire.
The Amazon is burning.
The girls gathered flowers.
Tom and Mary gathered flowers.
Tom and Mary gathered flowers in the meadow.
Mary gathered flowers in the meadow.
Mary gathered wildflowers in the meadow.
Tom taught Mary basic survival skills.
Tom immediately agreed to pay the ransom for his beloved wife Mary.
Put up or shut up.
Tom has a tricycle.
I'm lucky to have her as my best friend.
I'm lucky to have Mary as my best friend.
Mary is lucky to have Alice as her best friend.
Tom is lucky to have John as his best friend.
Tom quickly averted his eyes.
I quickly averted my eyes.
Mary quickly averted her eyes.
Their eyes met for just a moment.
Tom and Mary's eyes met for just a moment.
Their eyes met for a brief moment.
This restaurant has many vegetarian options.
Tom sailed across the ocean.
Greta Thunberg sailed across the ocean.
Tom briefly glanced in Mary's direction.
We're relatively satisfied.
Tom was born as a preemie.
It's narrow.
It's wide.
A good cook is a good doctor.
Baptist Ivan Moiseev was killed in for preaching the gospel while serving in the army.
Algeria's population needs to be detribalized.
Algerians use the dinar as a national currency.
Racism includes hatred directed at someone because of his language.
Algerians are hostile toward the Kabyle language, a native language of more than twelve million Kabylians.
The racist Algerian authorities murdered young Kabyle people who demanded the teaching of their language in 2001.
Racism can be revealed through people’s actions as well as their attitudes.
Racism is more than just words, beliefs and actions.
Racism includes all the barriers that prevent people from enjoying dignity and equality because of their language.
I'm a Muslim, but I like wine and pig.
When I return from the mosque where I pray, I like to drink a cup of wine before going to bed.
As I'm an Algerian Muslim, why should I hate all people that don't believe like me?
I'm a Muslim and I believe in Jesus. What's wrong?
We are all descendants of the Portuguese.
Anyone who isn't with me is against me.
Whoever isn't with me is against me.
I don't believe in the devil.
I don't believe in Satan.
Our house was struck by lightning. Fortunately we have a lightning rod.
Did you forget your password?
Our firm deals with manufacturing of painting tools.
Their dog got lost yesterday and they haven't found him yet.
Which of you want to try parachuting?
Katya is ironing laundry with the new iron that Sasha gave her.
He constantly violated school rules and consequently he was expelled.
Sasha always appreciated what I did for her.
He was violating school rules and consequently he was expelled.
Sasha had a sharp pain in his right hand.
Sasha had a sharp pain in her right hand.
People should care more about animals' welfare.
Olga waited for Vera in vain.
Olga is learning a Chopin nocturne.
Olga and her husband sold sickles and scythes in Volyn.
Hi. My name is Oleg, I'm thirty years old, and I still sleep with a cat.
Katya is riding a new bicycle.
Tom doesn't play.
Are we going to build farms in Italy?
I wouldn't have thought that tofu tastes this good.
Boris is Nadya's brother. You can see the resemblance.
Idir is a smart student.
Sergey didn't come, even though he promised he would.
Sergey didn't come, even though he had promised he would.
Tom has to decide what's right for him.
Let's go sailing together sometime.
Tom hid in his basement for three days.
I want answers and I want them now.
Tom inherited the farm from his father.
Maybe you should try a new shampoo.
I told you a story.
Tom is afraid of getting injured again.
I want some time to think about it.
Tom is always burning the midnight oil.
Some friends are coming over later.
Tom is an experienced basketball coach.
I want to become a plastic surgeon.
Tom is back from his trip to Australia.
Things have gone from bad to worse.
I told him a story.
Tom is eating with some of his friends.
That would be even better.
You told them a story.
Father Sergius, in the short story by the same name by Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy, cut off his finger to prevent himself from falling into temptation.
You told him a story.
This is common in Europe.
You told me a story.
Do you know how worried you made me?
Tom decided to let that one pass.
I'll let that one pass.
I'll let that one slide.
I'll let this one slide.
At some point, Sergey knew Portuguese well.
Sergey knitted Vera a sweater.
You will tell me a story.
Sergey knitted a sweater for Vera.
Tom tried to deny it.
I will tell you a story.
Mary tried to deny it.
Neither Vera nor Sergey could answer that question.
Tom obviously didn't know what I was talking about.
He obviously didn't know what I was talking about.
She obviously didn't know what I was talking about.
Tom smiled at Mary in encouragement.
He smiled at her in encouragement.
Tom checked his emails.
She ran.
Where's Tom by the way?
Tom moved his mouse.
The mouse moved.
The mouse ate the cheese.
Tom wore a silk scarf.
Tom wore a silk tie.
I want to buy a house in Australia.
Tom is much braver than the rest of us.
We still need to make some changes.
Tom is on the other side of the street.
I want to know what you plan to do.
Tom is standing in front of the school.
We're concerned about that problem.
Tom is trying to reschedule his flight.
I want to know what'll happen next.
Tom is very different from his brother.
It looks like you've figured it out.
Tom is very tall and weighs pounds.
Tom was surprised by the question.
Mary was surprised by the question.
I want to know when that'll happen.
Tom was surprised by Mary's question.
Mary was surprised by Tom's question.
They and their friend are both non-binary.
The mouse peeked out of the hole.
The mouse squealed.
The cat chased the mouse.
Mary knitted Tom a sweater.
They asked me to talk about them with gender-neutral pronouns.
So, what are you waiting for?
Tom is waiting for some of his friends.
Let's play tennis together sometime.
Tom knows a lot of people in Australia.
I want to learn how to drive a car.
Tom lives just down the street from us.
Neither of us knows what to do next.
Tom often says bad things about others.
I want to learn how to play bridge.
Tom put all of his belongings in a box.
Only adults were allowed to do that.
Tom refused to say anything about that.
I want to learn how to ride a bike.
Tom saw red lights flashing behind him.
Only some of us know how to do that.
Tom seems to finally be getting better.
I want to see you before you leave.
Damn!  It hurts to see my identity crumble.
Phew! It hurts to see my identity wither.
Tom played Pokémon Go.
Phew! It hurts me to see my identity crumble.
Tom is an optimist by nature.
Tom is optimistic by nature.
Tom threw a chair across the room.
Tom threw the chair through the window.
I feel good when I'm with him.
I've nothing to fear.
I have nothing to fear.
Tom may have a crush on you.
Playing the English horn isn't easy.
Tom spent all day drinking in his room.
I want you to come here right away.
Tom tried his best to have a good time.
Some of us have lost a lot of money.
Tom wanted to finish what he'd started.
I want you to take out the garbage.
I want you to take out the rubbish.
Kabylia has always been autonomous even during the Turkish colonization of North Africa.
Ankara consistently voted against Algeria's independence at the United Nations between and 1962.
Mehenni founded the Movement for the Autonomy of Kabylia and has served as president of the Provisional Government of Kabylia from exile in France since Kabylia’s Black Spring period in 2001, during which the Kabylian people challenged the Algerian government’s ban on their culture and language.
Kabylia, located on the northern Mediterranean coast of Algeria, remained its own country throughout the Middle Ages and the Ottoman days, only to become part of Algeria proper during the French colonization period in the mid-19th century.
"Kabylia has invested in its identity, but has never been a stronghold of Islam," Mehenni said.
They're not ready yet, are they?
They aren't ready yet, are they?
They did their best.
Islam is the largest minority religion in the EU.
The cat was climbing all over Svetlana.
Gaddafi was the king of kings of Africa.
Gaddafi called himself the king of kings of Africa.
One day, this girl will be wearing hijab.
I have learned some important things about Islam.
I was highly involved in the Muslim community.
I started questioning my Christian faith.
I started questioning my faith.
I realized Christianity wasn't the true religion.
I took an Islamic class.
I learned about Islam.
He tried to be atheist.
He's atheist.
His parents are atheist.
He's Muslim.
He became friends with Muslim students.
My Muslim friends are the kindest people I have ever met.
Many Muslims are so open-hearted and hospitable.
When I converted to Islam, I started to have inner peace.
I should convert to Islam.
I converted to Islam last summer.
I decided to convert to Islam.
I became Muslim in 2004.
I talked to God.
When I visited that mosque, I talked to God for the first time in forty years.
When I converted to Islam, I had God back in my life.
Converting to Islam was wonderful.
My conversion to Islam was the most wonderful thing that ever happened in my life.
As a Muslim, I have to pray five times a day.
I'm Muslim and I pray five times a day.
I need some information about Islam.
There is so much misinformation about Islam that needs to be corrected.
We have a large population of Muslims.
We supported the building of a mosque in the village.
Berber Jews are the Jewish communities of the Atlas mountains in Morocco, and previously in Algeria, which historically spoke Berber languages, among them Kabyle.
I used to be atheist but I converted to Islam.
It took us four years to build this mosque.
My ancestors are Muslim.
Are there Muslims in North Dakota?
I gave a speech on Islam.
I'm learning lots of things about Islam.
Converting to Islam was the best experience in my life.
Jews have settled in North Africa since 6th century BC and a Jewish community.
Islam encourages women to be leaders.
When did you convert to Islam?
Why did you convert to Islam?
Muslims are normal people.
I'm a Muslim European-American.
She's a Muslim African-American.
The UK is religiously diverse.
Some claim the female Berber military leader, Dihya, was a Berber Jew.
I visited a mosque.
He's an atheist. He has no faith.
He's atheist. He has no faith.
He's secular.
Are you going to convert to Islam?
I read the Quran regularly.
It's easier for me to learn Berber.
I read a Berber translation of the Quran.
I read the Quran in Arabic.
I received an English translation of the Quran sent to me from London.
My sister is Muslim.
Why are you reluctant to speak about Islam?
I study Islam.
I'm studying Islam.
I want to study Islam.
I'm interested in Islam.
Muslims have been really good people to me.
I want to study that religion.
I'm studying the Quran.
She was wearing a headscarf.
She started immediately apologizing.
She took off her headscarf.
The Kabyle people are a Berber ethnic group indigenous in Kabylia in the north of Algeria.
She doesn't feel comfortable wearing a headscarf.
I'm raised in Bejaia.
I'm from Bejaia.
Bejaia is in Algeria.
She wears the headscarf for religious reasons.
She wears a headscarf for spiritual reasons.
She doesn't feel comfortable wearing the headscarf.
Many Kabyle girls wear the Islamic headscarf.
Is Donald Trump Islamophobic?
I don't agree with their Islamophobic policies.
Many of the Kabyle have emigrated from Algeria, influenced by factors such as the Algerian Civil War and cultural repression by the repressive Algerian government.
The Bible led me to Islam.
Algeria isn't under a dictatorship.
We have elections in Algeria.
Here in Algeria, we have legislative elections every five years.
In Algeria, we need freedom of speech.
We need freedom of speech in Algeria.
We need a free press in Algeria.
Some people would label any person who speaks about Islam as a terrorist.
Algeria is like the bridge between Africa and Europe.
Algeria is close to Europe.
Algeria is geographically close to Europe.
Algiers is Algeria's largest city.
Bejaia is a large Algerian city.
Algeria has relatively good roads.
Algeria has no large islands.
Many remote areas in Algeria are isolated from land transport.
Algeria has no autonomous provinces.
Algeria has no autonomous regions.
Algeria has a lot of oil and gas.
Algeria had its referendum for independence in July 1962.
Algeria got its independence from France in July 1962.
Algeria has many cultural festival.
Algeria has many beautiful regions.
Algeria is visited by many migratory birds.
Algeria has a warm Mediterranean climate in the north.
Northern Algeria is susceptible to earthquakes.
Northern Algeria is mountainous.
Algeria has borders with Libya.
Algeria is divided into three main regions: the north, the high plateaus and the south which is part of the vast Saharan desert.
He's visiting his family in Algeria.
I'm filming a documentary in Kabylie, Algeria.
This bird lives in Algeria.
Algeria is home to some of the most endangered animals in the Mediterranean region.
Most Algerians live in the north of the country.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer every January 12.
Algerians don't eat pork.
I have to go back to Algeria.
The vast majority of Algerians are of Berber descent.
In Algeria, people drive on the right side of the road.
Algeria uses the dinar as its national currency.
Algeria has two official languages: Berber and Arabic.
Algeria has two official languages: Tamazight and Arabic.
Algeria's official languages are Arabic and Berber, also known as Tamazight.
Berber is not Arabic at all.
Berber has lots of Arabic loanwords, but it's not Arabic at all.
Berber is not a Semitic language.
Tuaregs have fighter dances.
Berbers have their own version of hockey.
Berbers have their own traditional version of hockey.
Islam is the dominant religion in Algeria.
Almost all Algerians can agree they love soccer.
Who introduced the guitar in Kabyle music?
Algeria has a lot of diplomatic interaction with EU members.
Many Algerians live and work in France.
There are many Algerians in Canada.
Algerians are everywhere.
Algerians can be found everywhere.
Algerians are Africans, too.
Algeria and France kept close ties after 1962.
Algeria and France have close ties.
Algeria is the gateway to Africa.
Let's find Algeria on the map.
Show me Algeria on the map.
Algeria is bordered by Tunisia and Libya to the east.
What's Algeria's capital?
What's the capital of Algeria?
Does Algeria have any good resorts?
Does Algeria have any popular resorts?
The Grand Algiers Mosque was built by the Chinese.
The French colonized Algeria between and 1962.
Algeria is known for its natural beauty.
Algeria has beautiful national parks.
The Djurdjura mountains are a mountain chain located in northeastern Algeria.
Algeria is a warm country.
In the early 2000's, Algeria had a massive construction boom.
Many Algerians are leaving their country.
Algeria produces wheat and barley.
Algeria has lots of natural parks.
Algeria fought to break away from France.
Algerians use the Algerian dinar as their currency.
Algeria has a relatively large population.
Algerians basically share the same Berber ethnicity but speak two different languages: Arabic and Berber.
The northern part of Algeria is dominated by mountainous ranges.
Algeria's arable lands are concentrated in the north of the country.
Algeria is one of Africa's giants.
Algeria is one of Africa's economic giants.
Algeria is a member of various pan-African organizations.
What shapes the domestic politics of Algeria?
A budget deficit is developing in Algeria.
Algeria was a French colony.
Algeria gained its independence in 1962.
Many Algerian military officers are Kabyle.
Kabyles represent the largest Berber-speaking group in Algeria.
The south of Algeria is home to the Tuaregs, a Berber-speaking group.
Berber speakers make up something like 25% of Algeria's population.
Northern Algeria is an agricultural and industrial region.
The Algerian civil war lasted for more than seven years.
Algeria is rich in hydrocarbon resources.
Algiers is the capital city of Algeria.
Algeria needs a transition towards democracy.
Abdelkader Bensalah became Algeria's head of state in 2019.
Algeria's head of state is Abdelkader Bensalah.
Abdelkader Bensalah is still in office.
Some think that disintegration is unavoidable in Algeria.
Algeria isn't a fragmented nation.
Contrary to what some people believe, Algeria isn't a fragmented nation.
Algeria needs to settle its identity issue.
Algeria could face a serious economic crisis.
Algeria is stronger than ever.
Algeria is one of Africa's recognized states.
Algeria needs a peaceful transition of power.
In the 1990's, Islamist terrorist groups wreaked havoc in Algeria.
Will Algeria win its fight against corruption?
Does Algeria need to set up a new court system to deal with corruption efficiently?
Is going to vote on Sunday important?
Monarchs get the guillotine.
Algeria occupies a space of more than two million square kilometers.
Over million people live in Algeria.
In the south, Algeria has some of the world's most inaccessible places.
In Algeria, Chinese firms are investing in construction.
The territory of Algeria is rich in untapped natural resources.
Beijing has excellent relations with Algiers.
Algeria manufactures solar panels.
Are there rare earth elements in Algeria?
Does Algeria have rare earth elements?
China's activity in Algeria is commercial in nature.
Algeria is next door to Europe.
Algeria has lots of untapped resources.
I'm leaving for Algeria pretty soon.
I'm leaving for Algeria.
This summer, I'm heading for Algeria for a month and a half.
I have experienced this in Algeria all my life.
Algeria is at the same latitude as Washington DC.
Algeria's northern climate is very similar to that of Spain.
Algeria is much warmer than Canada.
Let's take a look at the Algerian map again.
I'll go back to Algeria.
I live in northern Algeria.
Kabylie is in northern Algeria.
Kabylie, Algeria, is pretty cold in the winter.
Algeria and Italy have similar climates.
Why is Algeria warmer than Italy?
Northern Algeria is far from the equator.
It seems that everything is changing in Algeria.
Many areas in Algeria are subject to desertification.
I want to keep learning about Algeria.
We haven't really decoded a lot of ancient Tifinagh inscriptions.
The volcano crumbled into the sea.
Many Algerians use Berber as their first language.
Berber is taught in many schools in Algeria.
In Algeria, Berber has fewer native speakers than Arabic.
Berber has its own alphabet called Tifinagh.
Berber has many sounds that don't exist in English.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language distantly related to Arabic.
Berber and Ancient Egyptian are Afroasiatic languages.
Berber belongs to the Afroasiatic language group.
The Berber language still exists.
We're writing in modern Berber.
This sound doesn't exist in Berber.
Her decision to stay there was a surprise to all of us.
Some Algerians use lots of spices in their food.
Algeria isn't a tropical country.
The city of Bejaia is in Algeria.
Algeria is in the Mediterranean region.
Singers such as Idir and Ait Menguellet are very popular in Algeria.
I come from the Mediterranean region and more precisely, from Algeria.
Many Algerians were deported by the French colonizers to French Guiana and New Caledonia.
Apricots don't originate from Algeria.
Clementine originates from Algeria.
Clementine originates from the town of Messerghine in Algeria.
Dates are cultivated in Algeria.
Algeria produces good dates.
Algerian dates do taste good.
Honeydew originates from Algeria.
Honeydew comes from Algeria.
Honeydew melon comes from Algeria.
Honeydew melon originates from North Africa.
Honeydew melon originates from Algeria.
Algerians love honeydew melon.
Figs are grown commercially in Algeria.
Algeria also produces peaches.
Algerians love pizza.
Which would I choose?
Algeria needs to limit traffic in its largest cities.
Algeria needs a progressive government.
Algiers, Algeria's capital, is a beautiful city.
I live in the center of Algiers, Algeria's capital.
Public transport needs to be improved in Algeria.
Algeria needs to improve its public transport.
This could change Algiers for ever.
Algiers is noisy.
Algiers needs to limit pollution and congestion.
Algiers is Algeria's political and economic capital.
In the early 2010's, Algeria experienced a huge explosion in car sales.
This car is registered in Algiers.
Algeria regularly improves its roads.
The Algerian economy seems to be doing rather well.
Should Algeria discourage car use in large cities?
The US doesn't have an overseas military base in Algeria.
There are regular flights from Algiers to Paris.
Algeria makes drones.
They've started believing their own lies.
How big is Algeria?
Algerians use the metric system.
There are puddles everywhere.
Algeria is unambiguously bigger than France.
Algeria has no major sweet water lakes.
The difference between Algeria and Sudan is huge.
She'll try again.
She will try again.
Algeria is the largest African country.
I don't know who made this cake.
Algeria declared its independence from France in 1962.
Algeria declared its independence in July 1962.
Algeria has a relatively low cost of living.
Don't fear.
Compared to European country, Algeria has a relatively low cost of living.
Algeria has an average cost of living.
I like living in Algeria.
What's the minimum wage in Algeria?
Algeria is the largest of Africa's countries.
Algeria is much bigger than Palestine.
Algeria is more than double the size of Kenya.
Algeria is bigger than Egypt, but Egypt is more populous than Algeria.
Algeria's most populous city is its capital, Algeria.
Algiers is Algeria's largest city and capital.
What's Algeria's the least populous wilaya?
What's the second most populous city in Algeria?
The most densely populated wilaya in Algeria is Algiers where the capital city is located.
The population of Algeria is about forty million people.
The Algerian south is very sparsely populated.
Algeria has a low homicide rate.
Compared to other populous African countries, Algeria has a low homicide rate.
Algiers is our nation's capital.
What's Algeria's GDP?
What's Algeria's gross domestic product?
Here's a map of all of Algeria's wilayas.
Algeria has a population of million people.
Algeria and Tunisia have a combined population of over fifty million people.
Algeria declared independence from France in 1962.
This is the flag of Algeria.
This is the Algerian flag.
The minimum wage in Algeria is higher than that of Mali.
Masako is a Japanese woman.
Pluto is a dwarf planet and is part of the Kuiper Belt.
The Algerian far south is largely empty.
Jupiter is massive.
Jupiter is huge.
Even if Jupiter is a massive planet, it's nothing compared to the Sun.
Mercury is the closest planet to the Sun.
The flight to Algiers would take four hours.
Algeria is smaller than China.
He sent me a word.
She sent me a word.
They sent me a word.
You sent me a word.
Algeria is longer than it s wide.
Algeria has various climate zones.
Algeria's high plateaus are semi-desert.
Algeria's high plateaus are made up of semi-arid lands.
Algeria's north has a Mediterranean climate.
Algeria has massive dry areas.
Algeria has massive semi-arid areas.
Algeria has large desert areas.
Algeria has two main languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algeria has different climate zones.
Mountain and desert Berbers resisted assimilation.
Algeria's north is humid and mountainous.
Algeria's high plateaus are semi-arid.
Why would anyone care about Algeria?
A lot of people don't know anything about Algeria.
Algeria's demographic base is primarily of Berber descent.
Many of us learned Berber.
Many of us learned the Berber language.
Algeria gained its independence from France.
Algeria is an African giant.
Geographically and economically, Algeria is an African giant.
Take her. She could be useful.
She speaks without an accent.
He did not send me a word.
You did not send me a word.
She did not send me a word.
Algeria needs to be purged of racism.
Algeria needs to be purged of racists.
Algeria needs to be purged of corruption.
Algeria could become a regional power.
Algeria is a Mediterranean country.
In the 1990's, Algeria's economy was in ruins.
France has many immigrants from Algeria.
Berber was once the lingua franca of North Africa.
Prior to the coming and spread of the Arabic language, Berber was the lingua franca of North Africa.
Will Algeria achieve universal bilingualism?
Can Algeria achieve Berber-Arabic universal bilingualism?
Algerian Arabic retains some degree of Berber influence.
Algeria has a large diaspora community in France.
Algeria has a fascinating history.
Berber is spoken in Algeria to this day.
Algeria attracted many French and European settlers.
Politicians never acknowledge their own mistakes.
They still speak Berber.
They still speak a unique dialect of Berber to this day.
Most Algerians have Berber ancestry.
Most Algerians are ethnically Berber.
I took a class on Algerian history.
Berber is not an Indo-European language.
In the 8th century AD, Berbers converted to Islam en masse.
Algeria was colonized and annexed by the French.
Algeria could become a regional dominant power.
We shouldn't prioritize ethnic affiliation over nationality.
His mother was of Algerian origin.
I'm of partial Berber ancestry.
They acknowledge their Berber heritage to this day.
He's of partial Berber origin.
They're not entirely of Berber heritage.
He's of Berber descent.
Many Algerians are beginning to learn Berber, the language of their ancestors.
Berber heritage is still strong in Algeria.
Toppling the French colonization in Algeria seemed almost impossible but it was achieved thanks to the independence war fought between and 1962.
Algerians rebelled against France and gained their independence in 1962.
Algerians have a rebellious attitude.
Berbers have a very rebellious attitude.
Berber influence can be seen in many aspects of North African culture.
Berbers are one of those groups that many people have heard of but know almost nothing about.
Berbers should be given the credit they deserve.
Some claim that the Berber Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Morocco has a significant Berber speaking minority.
Many Berbers have started using the Tifinagh alphabet once again.
I want to wait for the right moment.
The Berber Tifinagh alphabet might be derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Berbers were very influential in the Mediterranean.
Berbers are indigenous to North Africa.
Many of them have native Berber ancestry.
Berber survives to this day.
Berber genes are present in most North Africans.
Berber genes are present in Algerians.
Berber and Ancient Egyptian are both of the Afroasiatic family of languages.
Tom got into a bar fight.
Berber survives in many pockets of the Maghreb region.
Berber survives in many pockets of North Africa.
They claim they are Arabized Berbers.
They're proud of their Berber identity.
They're proud of their Berber heritage.
I write Berber every day.
I'm going to talk about how I learned Berber.
I'm going to tell you about how I learned to speak Berber.
His Instagram says that he's Algerian.
How did you learn how to speak Berber so well.
Berber is a very big thing in my life.
I want to talk more about Berber.
This is how I learnt to speak Berber.
I was born in Bejaia, in Algeria.
I had Berber classes in elementary school.
She didn't understand Berber.
We had Berber classes at school.
My Berber is pretty good.
We had a lot of Berber classes.
I studied literature in Berber.
I studied Berber literature.
I can definitely have a conversation in Berber.
When I first came to Algeria, I went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
I was really interested in Berber.
To work here, speaking good Berber is necessary.
My Berber is good.
I wanted to study in Berber.
I read books in Berber.
All the books I read are in Berber.
Not many people speak Berber here.
Algeria is much bigger than Portugal.
I don't hear many people speak Berber here.
He has never lived in a native Berber-speaking region.
None of those areas is a Berber-speaking area.
They communicate in Berber.
I'm 100% comfortable in Berber.
Tamazight is my language.
When I went to Algeria, my Berber was pretty good.
I use Berber all day long.
I use Tamazight every day.
I studied Berber abroad.
I managed to improve my Berber.
I improved my Berber in Algeria.
I want to improve Berber.
I went to Algeria to improve my Berber.
All my courses were in Berber.
All my classes were in Berber.
Tom swore that he had never been unfaithful.
I learn Berber every single day.
Mary swore that she had never been unfaithful.
I communicate in Berber.
The majority of people speak Berber to me.
My Tamazight is pretty good.
I watch everything in Berber.
I don't even know what Berber means.
I used Berber a lot.
I use Berber a lot.
Read in Berber.
Read everything in Berber.
Read books in Berber.
I enjoy reading Berber books.
I speak Tamazight every day.
The only language I know naturally is Berber.
I'm learning Tamazight.
I don't have someone I could practice my Berber with.
We speak Tamazight.
I don't speak Berber, the native language.
Speak Tamazight.
I use Berber on a daily basis.
People speak Berber here.
He started learning Tamazight.
He came to Algeria to learn Berber.
He likes his Berber teacher.
I definitely have a lot to say about Berber.
I'll probably make more videos about the Berber language.
The sea otter swam through the kelp forest.
Tom fixed himself a cup of tea.
Tom fixed himself a cup of herbal tea.
Mary fixed herself a cup of herbal tea.
Mary fixed herself a cup of tea.
The scholars consult the Toki Pona book.
You’re holding the Toki Pona book!
Fathers use the Toki Pona book a lot.
Tom and Mary have a small garden.
Tom and Mary have a small garden behind their house.
Have you touched the official Toki Pona book?
Did you read the Toki Pona book?
I had no choice but to leave.
Have you looked at Sonja’s book?
The scholar of Toki Pona consults the official book many times.
This condition is necessary but not sufficient.
Does the united community read the official Toki Pona book?
Tom did his stretching exercises.
Mary did her stretching exercises.
It’s not in the Toki Pona book.
That word is not in the book.
Just google it.
Look for it online.
Nature is amazing.
It started out as a joke.
There was nothing I could do to stop him.
There was nothing I could do to stop Tom.
There was nothing Tom could do to stop Mary.
There was nothing I could do to stop her.
Tom's a shithead.
Tom's a shit.
Tom offered me tea.
Mary offered me some tea.
Tom was extremely rude to the waitress.
We've got nothing to complain about.
Tom was held hostage for a whole month.
I want you to take the garbage out.
Tom was living in Boston in those days.
You're doing that much better today.
Tom was living with us three years ago.
I could do that with my eyes closed.
Tom was sent to the principal's office.
You've hardly done anything all day.
Tom was out of town when that happened.
I want three hundred dollars for it.
Tom was supposed to leave this morning.
Any student could solve this problem.
Tom would never do something like this.
I want to be a kindergarten teacher.
Tom would never have done that on his own.
Only a few children were in the park.
Tom wouldn't have done that to himself.
I want to find a less stressful job.
Tom's friends think he looks like John.
Tom's friends think that he looks like John.
Only a few of us know how to do that.
I have to talk to Tom about the problem.
I want to get rid of all this stuff.
I need to talk to Tom about the problem.
You don't really need to do that now.
I want to know what kind of car Tom has.
I want to have lunch with you today.
I want to know why Tom isn't here today.
Do you have any time to help me today?
I want to talk to Tom about the problem.
I want to learn how to ride a horse.
Tom always tried to be nice to everyone.
How much does it cost to rent a canoe?
Tom asked us a lot of strange questions.
I want to stay at a five-star hotel.
Tom borrowed a ladder from his neighbor.
Not very many of us of us can do that.
Tom came over and started talking to me.
I want to stay at home and watch TV.
Tom changed his mind at the last moment.
Our team has a good chance of winning.
Tom deleted all his videos from YouTube.
I want to throw all this stuff away.
Tom did what he said he was going to do.
Some people actually enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't admit anything to the police.
I wanted something better than that.
Tom didn't know what to do with himself.
There wasn't anything else in the box.
Tom didn't think about the consequences.
I wanted to say yes, but I couldn't.
Tom didn't want to spend any more money.
It can get very hot here in the summer.
Tom doesn't really like taking pictures.
I appreciate what you've done for us.
Tom felt that he'd done something wrong.
Only adults will be allowed to do that.
Tom handles all our big problems for us.
Tom felt he'd done something wrong.
Tom has already talked to me about that.
Things aren't likely to get any better.
Tom has been given three units of blood.
I want to be a professional musician.
Tom refused to admit he'd made a mistake.
Tom isn't a coffee drinker.
Tom was worried his cat would never come back.
Tom was sure the attraction was mutual.
Tom was convinced the attraction was mutual.
Tom felt the attraction was mutual.
Tom realized the attraction was mutual.
Tom suddenly realized the attraction was mutual.
Tom just gave me that.
Tom swore that he'd never been unfaithful.
Tom swore he'd never been unfaithful.
I should've bought more apples.
No one knows what the future holds.
Is your dog OK?
I went to the North African countries of Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
Yazid, my Algerian friend, was with me all the time.
Algeria is relatively developed.
Algerians love their fast food.
Calentita is part of Algeria's fast food.
In Algeria, very few women wear burkas or niqabs.
It's totally OK for a woman not to cover her head in Algeria.
Women can drive in Algeria. In fact, Algeria is totally different from Saudi Arabia.
This is not really appropriate to do in Algeria.
Women can drive in my country. Algeria is not Saudi Arabia.
I regularly drive far distances in Algeria.
Is there gender balance in Algeria?
Women can walk by themselves on Algerian streets.
Let's talk about Algerian social taboos.
There is freedom in Algeria.
I'm not a Christian. I'm a Muslim.
There are churches in Algeria.
He's a self-professed Muslim.
This is socially unacceptable in Algeria.
Algeria is an interesting country.
Algerians hold tight to their traditions.
Algeria should never be that type of dictatorship where you'd find images of the president everywhere.
The Algerian population aspires for more freedom.
Algeria and China are good friends.
I have recently returned from a trip overseas to Algeria.
Algerians are friendly and curious of outsiders.
Algerians are friendly, hospitable and curious of outsiders.
Berber speakers are in various areas of Algeria.
Berber-speaking pockets are scattered all over Algeria.
They're mostly Muslim.
Berbers are very genetically distinct from Native Americans.
Islam spread in North Africa in the 8th century AD.
Most Algerians are adherents of the Sunni Islamic faith.
Kabyle and Shawi are two dialects of the same language and they are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Riffian are dialects of the same language and they are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Chenoui are two dialects of the same language, called Berber, and they're mutually intelligible.
The Banu Hilal that came to North Africa heavily intermixed with local Berbers.
"What exactly is a Berber?" "And what exactly is an Arab? Can you answer this question?"
The origins of Berbers and their connections were long debated by historians and archaeologists.
Many Berbers were fully Arabized, but many others still speak Berber.
We are overwhelmingly Berber in origin.
Algerians are overwhelmingly Berber in origin.
I'd like to learn more about Berbers.
We are of Berber descent.
Kabyles are the largest Berber-speaking group in Algeria.
Berber was far more widespread in North Africa before the arrival of the Arab Banu Hilal tribes in the 11th century AD.
We identify as Berbers.
He married into a Kabyle family.
This mistake cost me a leg.
This story cost me a limb.
We, Algerians, are mainly of Berber origin.
Berbers are the indigenous population of the region.
Algerian Arabic has large amounts of Berber words.
There is an identity crisis in Algeria.
Algerians are far more Berber than Arab.
They're of Berber origin.
Most of them are of Berber origin.
North African Berbers speak the Berber language.
Algeria is a country of over forty million people.
Algeria is a country of over million people.
We have some Berber blood.
Algerians have a high degree of Berber DNA.
Algerians have a high degree of Berber admixture.
Berbers have mixed with many other groups throughout their history.
He's an expert on the Berber language.
We all have Berber ancestral origins.
We all speak Tamazight.
Berber is really interesting.
We are Berbers from North Africa.
Some Algerians do not like to identify with the Berbers.
Most Algerians know that they are of Berber descent.
Berbers have lived in North Africa before the coming of Islam to the region.
Tuaregs, a Berber-speaking group of the Sahara, are really tall.
Northern Berbers have facial features that resemble European.
Most of us are of Berber descent.
Nearly all Algerians are of Berber descent.
We all speak the same language that we call Berber.
Berbers have their own identity.
I identify as Berber.
I'm of Berber descent.
Berbers do have their own ethnic identity.
He had a child with an Algerian woman.
20% of the Africans taken to North America were Muslim.
Berber is present everywhere in Algeria.
Berber speakers are present everywhere in Algeria.
What's the percentage of Berber speakers in Algeria?
He's of Algerian extractions.
Are there any Berber etymological dictionaries?
She's of Algerian extraction.
Many Berbers have been heavily Arabized.
Algeria needs to have an economic recovery.
We are of Amazigh origin.
We speak a Berber dialect similar to Shawi.
Some Algerians would conceal any Berber heritage they have.
They don't want to go to prison, do they?
I'm of Berber ancestry.
My mom is part Kabyle and my dad is part Jordanian.
My mom is part Kabyle and my father is part Arab from Jordan.
He's part of a small Muslim minority that lives in China.
They unanimously converted to Islam.
He retained his Berber surname.
They retained their Berber surnames.
We have partial Berber ancestry.
He has a wife and children back in Algeria.
He already has a wife and children back in Algeria.
I have decided to return to Algeria rather than settling in Spain.
He has some Berber ancestry.
He's not a permanent resident in Algeria.
Many Algerians are heading overseas.
Kabylie is very cold in the winter.
Berber is our native tongue.
Northern Algerians are generally fair-skinned.
Northern Berber dialects are mutually intelligible with each other and any claim to the contrary is either unverified or an intentional lie.
Many Berbers migrated to the Iberian Peninsula when it was under Muslim dominations.
By the early 20th century, Algeria was completely colonized by the French.
We married into Kabyle families.
They retained their traditional Berber give names.
They have at least some Berber ancestry.
Berber has nearly been lost to history in many areas of the Maghreb.
Kabylie is an integral part of Algeria.
I speak another dialect of Berber called Kabyle.
Around a fourth of Algerians speak Berber as their first language.
I speak Berber as my first language.
Berber is undergoing a strong revival movement.
The Berber language is undergoing a strong revival movement.
Berber revivalism started in the mid-20th century.
A strong movement of Berber revivalism started in the mid-20th century.
We're Berber speakers.
The Berber dialect of Arzew, in northwestern Algeria, is now completely extinct.
Many Berbers were heavily Romanized from the 2nd century AD on.
He has at least partial Berber ancestry.
The name Jones is of Welsh origin.
The name Idir is of Berber origin.
These people are of Berber origin.
She has at least partial Berber ancestry.
She claims she has absolutely no Berber ancestry.
We're all Berber.
Berber is scattered throughout North Africa.
Berbers have spread their language and genes throughout North Africa and the Iberian Peninsula.
Coptic and the Chadic languages are probably the closest living languages to Berber.
Berber is essentially our second language.
In North Africa, Islam began to spread from the east.
Many Berbers were converted to Islam and assimilated into the Arab majority.
Many Greeks converted to Islam in Anatolia.
I'm of Berber origin.
They were assimilated into the Berber population.
What's the haplogroup of North Africa's Berber populations?
There are large Berber-speaking diasporas in Europe and North America.
Algerians live in North Africa.
Muslim is not a race.
Islam is a religion.
Islam is a religion that Muslims follow.
Judaism isn't a race.
Judaism isn't exactly a race.
Judaism is a religion that Jewish people follow.
Berbers are Muslims.
We identify as Muslim.
Arabs is a macro-ethnicity.
Berbers live in North Africa.
Berbers overwhelmingly follow Islam.
Muslim isn't an ethnicity.
Algeria is sometimes considered to be in the Middle East.
Algeria isn't in the Middle East.
Kabyles are fair-skinned.
Most Kabyles are fair-skinned.
We will defend the colors of Algeria, no matter what.
Kabyles and Shawis speak pretty much the same language called Berber.
I am one of those native Berbers of North Africa.
The Canary Islands used to have a native Berber population.
The Guanche, or Berbers of the Canary Islands, didn't disappear completely.
I am of Berber ancestry.
Many racist Pan-Arabists protested the acknowledgment of Berber as an official language of Algeria.
Many racist Arab nationalists continue to protest the acknowledgment of Berber as an official language in Algeria.
I am an Algerian.
Palestinians are slowly finding themselves as a minority in their homeland.
I am Algerian and I want everyone to know it.
I'm proud of my Algerian heritage and I want everyone to know it.
I'm proud of my Algerian identity and I want everyone to know it.
I identify as Algerian.
We have a high percentage of Berber DNA.
I have Berber ancestry.
Algerians may or may not self-identify as Berber, but they all have a high percentage of Berber ancestry.
We are Kabyles from Algeria.
Berbers are considered white.
They are of Berber ancestry.
Ten years ago, many Algerians had not even heard of the term Berber.
Mali is our neighbor to the south.
Mali and Niger are Algeria's neighbors to the south.
Zenaga is the only surviving Berber dialect in Mauritania.
We all speak Berber as a first language.
I am of mostly Berber ancestry.
The speak a Berber dialect highly influenced by Arabic.
The people of the Algerian province of Jijel speak an Arabic dialect highly influenced by Berber.
Algerians are of mixed Berber and Arab descent.
The majority of Algerians have some degree of Berber ancestry.
Berber genes have dispersed throughout North Africa, the Sahara, and the Iberian Peninsula.
I identify as Amazigh.
Haiti is the most African country in the Americas.
I have loyalty to my country, Algeria, before any ethnicity.
Identity is a hotly debated topic in the countries of the Maghreb and Egypt.
Identity is a hotly debated topic in Egypt and the countries of the Maghreb.
Identity and ethnic identification are hotly debated topics in Algeria.
We identify as Algerian.
The native people of North Africa are of Berber descent.
Berber, an Afroasiatic language, is loosely related to Semitic languages.
Vandals established colonies and kingdoms in the Iberian Peninsula and North Africa.
The Vandals settled and eventually assimilated into the Berber populations.
Islam expanded in North Africa in the 8th century AD.
We're reclaiming our Berber identity.
Some Algerians have some Turkish ancestry.
Some even converted to Islam.
Some of them even converted to Islam.
Berber speakers are scattered throughout the countries of North Africa and the Sahel region.
Russia is the largest country on Earth.
Algeria is the largest country on the African continent.
Berbers have gathered an immense amount of interests from anthropologists.
The confederate flag is also a symbol of racism.
I think that the confederate flag is a symbol of racism.
Don't lose your glasses.
Don't lose your Berber language.
I want to thank my Berber teacher for giving me this dictionary.
Is the existence of Berber being interpreted as a crime by the Pan-Arabist racists?
Is the existence of the Berber language being interpreted as a crime by the Pan-Arabist racists?
I moved to Algeria four years ago.
Actually, we moved to Algiers.
We thought we were moving to Algeria.
I'm back home in Algeria.
I'm in Algeria for a short visit.
I'll be in Algeria for a short visit.
I share her love for the Berber language.
Are there Syrian refugees in Algeria?
I went back to Algiers.
I returned to Algiers.
I googled Algeria.
His Facebook was cluttered with Islamophobic posts.
His Facebook is cluttered with racist posts.
She's visibly Muslim.
I have four years of experience in teaching Berber.
We're talking about anti-Muslim hatred.
It feels like Islamophobia is an acceptable form of bigotry.
Many Muslim emigrants and refugees are banned from entering the US.
A Muslim was murdered in Oklahoma by his neighbor.
He calls Muslims "dirty Arabs".
Your people are killing Muslims in Afghanistan.
I'm Muslim and I receive this kind of racist treatment all the time.
She's a Muslim woman and she receives this kind if racist treatment all the time.
She wore hijab in solidarity with Muslim women who face Islamophobia every day.
They're dehumanizing Muslims.
A hijabi is a woman that wears the hijab.
A hijabi is a Muslim woman that wears the hijab.
We all have Muslim neighbors, don't we?
Ask your Muslim neighbors and they'll tell you.
What is it like to be a Muslim in the United States?
What is it like to be a Muslim woman in the United States?
Most Americans say they don't know a Muslim.
I have never met a Muslim.
I'm a practicing Muslim.
I decided to become Muslim.
She decided to start wearing the hijab.
When she saw her daughter wearing a hijab, she was aghast.
I accepted Islam, the faith of my parents.
I believe in Islam.
I believe in the God of Muslims.
I read the Quran many times.
Sometimes, Quranic verses move me to tears.
The shop is on the other side of the theater.
People who were perceived to be Muslim were beaten on the street.
The Klan wizard said: "There is a problem in this country and it's called Muslims."
In North America, Muslims are doctors, inventors, and teachers. They're also athletes.
In Europe, Muslims are engineers, programmers, college professors, and surgeons.
Muslims pray in mosques.
Muslims are human beings.
Muslims need to do everything they can to stop groups like Daesh.
Daesh has as much to do with Islam as the Nazis and the KKK have to do with Christianity.
ISIS and al-Qaida have as much to do with Islam as the Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan and the Lord's Army have to do with Christianity.
Islamophobia affects me personally.
Islamophobia affects me and my family.
Anti-Muslim sentiment spiked in 2001.
They're a young married couple living in Algeria.
Our neighbor is Muslim.
He posted anti-Muslim statements on his Facebook page.
He regularly posts Islamophobic statements on his Facebook page.
I drove to the mosque.
This mosque has a huge prayer hall.
After the attacks, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, and people of no faith came to the mosque to stand in solidarity with Muslims.
I'm a completely ordinary Muslim.
Muslims are ordinary people.
Muslims want to live in peace.
I was on my way to the mosque.
What does Islam say about women?
As a Muslim woman, she's very proud of her religion.
My parents moved from Algeria, North Africa, to Canada in the 1990's.
He taught me a lot about Islam.
I learned a lot about Islam.
I learnt a lot about Islam.
The finger is pointed at Muslims.
I completed high school in Algeria.
I moved from Canada to Algeria.
I have rarely been to Algeria.
I have rarely been to Algeria on vacation.
I very quickly became introduced to Islam.
Is this culturally inappropriate in Algeria?
Is this socially inappropriate in Algeria?
We need to learn more about Islam.
You can't build a straight house in a crooked foundation.
He was encouraged to convert to Islam.
He cited Quranic verses.
Cultural and social change is needed in the Muslim world.
Which phone would you choose?
Which TV would you choose?
Which TV set would you choose?
Which car would you choose?
Which hat would you choose?
Which solution would you choose?
Which computer would you choose?
Which camera would you choose?
Which watch would you choose?
Which laptop would you choose?
Our Berber ancestors converted to Islam in the 8th century AD.
Kabyle is the Berber vernacular I use and I'll stick to it.
I write Berber in its Kabyle vernacular form.
Kabyle is the variant of the Berber language that I use.
Kabyle is the Berber dialect that I grew up speaking.
The closest living relatives of Berber are the Chadic languages.
The Islamization of Berbers began in the 7th century AD.
I am neither the right wing nor the left one. I am the bird.
Berber isn't an Indo-European language and it belongs to a completely different ethnolinguistic bloc.
Algerians are relatively secular.
Give me a different one.
Berber should be taught in all Algerian public schools.
We speak Berber in public.
In Algeria, it's said that in the 1970's, you could be arrested for speaking Berber in public.
Canadian Algerian community is much smaller than the French one.
Those were Veronica's words, not mine.
"How's your Berber?" "Not too bad."
He never gave up on the project.
One nation's tragedy is another's national holiday.
I would really like for you to go there.
A lot of them converted to Islam and changed their names to Arabic ones to blend in.
The Syrian crisis is a diplomatic nightmare.
They greeted Sophia.
It is a six-hour drive from Sofia to Varna.
It's a dark, cold, moonless night.
They ordered several books from the UK.
If you're not here by noon, I'll eat alone.
Now that I've finished everything I had to do, I'm going to take a little rest.
Even a child would see the difference.
He couldn't participate due to illness.
I'm hoping for the best but fearing the worst.
One of my friends comes from abroad.
They stooped to his level.
A civil war in Algeria could lead to a large regional chaos that would be seriously distabilizing for Europe.
Who told you that I would work without pay?
You shot down an enemy plane.
I'm sorry that I have to decline your offer.
The Berber-speaking population quickly plummeted with the arrival of the first French settlers.
For a patient, minutes seem as long as hours.
Yes, I do believe so.
The aim of the United States is to win wars with technology alone.
O.K., you've convinced me.
I prefer rabbit to chicken.
He is sitting with his legs crossed.
They no longer speak the Berber language.
The region is populated mostly by Berber speakers.
Berber speakers still live in the Blida Atlas to this day.
Algeria has no external territories.
He and I had a bit to eat.
The Berbers of the Canary Islands, also known as the Guanche, were nearly pushed to extinction.
We're the ones who have to pay for your carelessness.
I have no aptitude for that.
My patient is doing better.
The overwhelming majority of them stayed in Algeria.
Most of them stayed in Algeria.
Most of them settled in Algeria.
She's already read today's paper.
He gets up every morning at eight.
Many Berbers lost their identity over the centuries and became Arabized.
I must renew my subscription.
I've yet to understand anything.
There's a mustard stain on his tie.
They left by way of the window.
The girls weren't afraid, but the boys were.
That man is always cited as an example.
Can't you tell us anything about it?
I've never seen anything like it in my country.
We're in for a long night.
Tom doesn't know the difference between order and a system.
P. Brown is younger than he appears.
They had breakfast at eight.
My father was unfeeling.
I don't deny having said that.
She didn't accept a word of her daughter's excuse.
Each person must make his or her way in the world.
You're two years younger than I.
What have we alone fallen into?
She came to see what I was doing.
We can learn from the examples of good people.
How many times did you have sex to find yourself pregnant?
We're in big trouble if they find out that we're lying.
I'm proud to welcome to our city so many talented young people.
This is a game for young children.
I like the light that candles emit.
She felt nauseous.
Even a black cow's milk is white.
You speak German extremely well.
Nothing that was said could convince him.
Do you want to watch a movie Saturday night?
I know those people.
I'm returning again.
Do not expect prosperity from them.
Don't expect goodness from them.
Don't expect any good from them.
I won't go back to that horrible place.
Algeria and Turkey are modern nations.
The acknowledgment of Berber as an official language in Algeria will significantly impact the culture of this country.
Many Kabyles owned slaves in the past.
Algerians declared their independence in 1962.
Algeria got its independence in and France recognized its sovereignty.
The overwhelming majority of Algerians is of indigenous Berber descent.
Kabyles, together with their fellow Algerians, fought against the French between to 1962, to liberate their country from colonization.
Berber is both an ethnic and a cultural identifier.
They identify as Berber.
They speak Berber as a first language.
I can accurately trace my heritage to Algeria.
My father is an Algerian from Kabylie.
Algeria gained independence from France on July 5, 1962.
There is a plethora of Berber tribes that live in North Africa.
Not everyone loves Algerians.
Tensions regarding separatism have somewhat subsided in Canada.
Algeria lies geographically in North Africa.
They converted the local native Berber population to Islam.
Blame is like the wind; if we see it, we feel it.
Kabyle is a northern dialect of the Berber language.
They still identify as Berber.
Houari Boumediene attempted to suppress the Berber culture.
In the 1970's, Houari Boumediene attempted to suppress the Berber culture.
We speak Berber as a first language.
He lives in neighboring Algeria.
We already speak Berber.
I moved out of Bejaia.
I'm of Berber ethnic origin.
Many Berbers have retained their own culture.
We still maintain our Berber language.
Berber belongs to the same Afroasiatic language family Semitic languages belong to.
Tifinagh is the Berber alphabet.
Berbers refer to themselves in their own language as the "Imazighen."
A Berber would refer to himself in his own language as an "Amazigh."
I live in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Of course, you don't remember.
Berbers developed their own alphabet.
Berbers never built any lasting empire.
He became Muslim.
He's a new Muslim.
He's a Muslim convert.
We support new Muslims.
I talked about my own conversion to Islam.
My sister also became Muslim.
I fell in love with Islam.
I wanted to be part of the Muslim ummah.
I learned more and more about Islam.
I said the shahada.
I was saying the shahada.
I am a Muslim convert.
I converted to Islam when I was 24.
I became Muslim when I was 24.
Islam is a very interesting subject.
Islam is the fastest growing religion in the West.
Islam is seen as something very negative.
They view Islam as oppressive to women.
I turned to Islam.
I fell in love with the pure message of Islam.
According to Islamic principles, you'd express your faith directly to your God.
Becoming Muslim can have a huge positive effect on your life.
I have read so much about Islam.
I tried to learn Arabic to understand the true message of the Quran.
I am a Sunni Muslim.
I didn't become Muslim overnight.
I understood how to live Islam.
I need to understand how to live Islam.
This presents issues to Muslims.
This law presents issues to Muslims.
How did you become Muslim?
I embraced Islam when I was 24.
I come from a Muslim background.
It got her time to get used to the hijab.
He converted to Islam in prison.
He embraced Islam.
I decided to embrace Islam.
I'm a new Muslim.
I practice Islam.
We became Muslim at the same time.
I know about Islam.
I don't need to give away my culture to convert to Islam.
He goes to the mosque every day.
How to become a Muslim?
I want to go to the mosque.
I want to take my shahada in the mosque.
I became Muslim.
I live in a small Muslim community.
I took my shahada in a mosque.
I said the shahada in the mosque library.
I want to become Muslim.
I became Muslim and got used to it.
I don't really understand what the imam is saying.
Where do you sit in the mosque?
I want to become a Muslim. Can you help me?
I embraced Islam in Canada.
I converted to Islam when I was in Spain.
I don't really know any other Muslims here in Alaska.
I don't know any other Muslims.
She fell in love with Islam.
He became a very devoted Muslim.
Before he converted to Islam, he felt so lonely.
I am a practicing Muslim.
She started wearing hijab.
After she converted to Islam, she started covering entirely.
After she converted to Islam, she started wearing the hijab.
I educated people about Islam.
I helped her learn a lot of things about Islam.
When I took my shahada in the mosque, I was hugged by many people.
I asked a lot of questions about Islam.
I want to know more about Islam.
I have become Muslim.
He is a new Muslim.
You don't look Muslim.
Islam isn't an ethnic religion.
Please clap.
Relax your arm.
A smile is the best cure for a bad mood.
That's not the way Grandma made stuffing.
It's a stuffed parrot, and I need a live bird.
You can not stop the dog from barking, let alone the liar from lying.
He is resourceful.
Ask the driver to stop at the next bus stop.
Tom has just graduated from high school.
We're thrilled to have you on the team.
Tom hasn't been home since Monday night.
I want to be the center of attention.
Tom hasn't finished what he needs to do.
You don't really need to do that today.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since October.
It appears more and more that we do not share the same planet.
I want to buy a fur coat for my wife.
Tom heard Mary come out of the bathroom.
How much does it cost to rent a bicycle?
Tom hid in the basement of Mary's house.
I want to know what we're doing here.
Tom is a bit of a grouch in the morning.
How much does it cost to rent a rowboat?
Tom is a mechanical engineering student.
I want to know who your boyfriend is.
Tom is actually doing a pretty good job.
You'll eventually get used to the noise.
When was the last time that you wore a uniform?
How do you train for this?
Tom said that you wouldn't try.
When was the last time that you were this busy?
Don't leave your stuff here.
Tom said he's never eaten sushi.
Tom said that he's never eaten sushi.
Tom said you wouldn't try.
When was the last time that you mowed the lawn?
How did you get to the station?
Tom loves watching horror films.
When do you actually get off work?
Don't leave any valuables in your locker.
Tom left Boston an hour ago.
I've got a report to write.
Do you want a bike?
Tom doesn't often walk anymore.
Didn't you know any of this?
Did you think I was being too nosy?
Tom and I almost never agree.
How was the picnic last week?
Did you put everything in there?
How often do you have headaches?
Did it look cute on you?
Everyone is glad Tom got caught.
Everybody is glad Tom got caught.
How many of us will be there?
Does Tom pick on you a lot?
How long will the sale last?
Can you guess how much this diamond is worth?
How do we buy British goods?
All our food is rotten.
Are you good at playing tennis?
Did you think that I was being too nosy?
Get everybody involved.
I am in the process of translating.
How much is the kilo of courgettes?
I have a guinea pig.
Tom's an asshole.
Tom is an asshole.
Tom's a dick.
Tom is a dick.
Tom's a dickhead.
Tom is an arsehole.
Tom's an arsehole.
In Algeria, official document records are being translated into Berber.
Many Berbers converted to Islam and began to identify with Arabs.
Algeria is a recognized sovereign nation.
Berber is divided into many dialects, including Kabyle, Shawi, Riffian, and Tuareg.
Malta is an island nation.
Tuaregs are relatively taller compared to other Berbers.
Maghrebi Arabic is spoken in Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
Maghrebi Arabic contains a lot of Berber words.
Maltese is the only Semitic language native to Europe.
Malta has small numbers of Muslims who are almost all recent migrants.
The appearance of Berbers greatly varies.
Malta lies on the doorstep of the Muslim world.
Where are you wandering like that?
I do not know where I'm going.
You do not know where you are going.
I have just finished translating a movie.
Chakib had a car accident.
One week ago, another one of my childhood heroes died.
Everything was prepared in advance.
They were not careful when they crossed the forest.
If everyone knows I'm a spy, can I really be considered a spy?
Aren't we studying French?
You've gone completely nuts, are you aware of that?
God damn you.
She's building castles in the air.
The girl is somewhat of a killjoy.
I found him awake.
I found her awake.
I found them awake.
He found me awake.
He found you awake.
He found us awake.
He found them awake.
You found me awake.
You found him awake.
You found us awake.
You found them awake.
You embraced her like an octopus.
That tree had a very thick trunk. Look how many rings you can see in the stump.
She hid behind the trunk of the nearest tree.
It doesn't always have to be so complicated.
An excellent movie based on the play was also made.
I'm upset with you.
We're all professionals here.
Nothing disturbed the quiet.
Whose dress is blue?
Are you giving me an attitude now?
What did she see?
Can you describe his appearance?
The teacher's face was bright red.
The atmospheric pressure is high.
I was deeply offended by his scolding.
The matter has been cleared up.
Nail the notice onto the trunk of that tree.
In that case there's no need to wait.
You can start right away.
No one is able to thwart this.
You will not pay any attention whatsoever to her objections.
Tom is always making such witty remarks.
I want to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom is an extraordinary baseball player.
You'll get used to the noise eventually.
Tom is at Mary's house almost every day.
I want to learn how to shoot a rifle.
Tom is determined to find Mary's killer.
How much does it cost to rent a sailboat?
Tom is going to bring a friend with him.
I want to learn how to talk to girls.
Tom is going to stick around and help us.
Nothing seemed to work the way it should.
Tom is in charge of collecting the rent.
I want to stay in Boston for a while.
Tom is looking for an apartment to rent.
Some major changes still need to be made.
Tom is lucky to have a mother like Mary.
I want your answer and I want it now.
Tom is married to Mary's younger sister.
Could you teach me how to drive a tractor?
Of course, they don't remember.
They know the rules.
Algerians are ethnically mixed.
I personally identify with Berber ancestry.
Algerians are generally friendly.
Will Algeria become a vacation destination?
What makes Algeria so unique?
"Where is Algeria located?" "In North Africa."
Spain tried to colonize Algeria in the 16th century.
The Spanish tried to invade Algeria in the 16th century.
Algerians are mostly of Berber stock.
Algeria was colonized and annexed by France in the 19th century.
Most Algerians are of Berber descent.
Many Algerians had their property seized by the French in the 19th century.
Many Algerians fought in World War 2.
Many Algerians fought and died in World War 2.
Many Algerians fought and died in both World Wars.
Berber is still spoken today by a huge chunk of the Algerian population.
Algeria has a strategically important position in Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algerians need to leave their grievances behind and focus on building a new and strong nation.
Advertising informs us about available choices.
Advertisements can be manipulative.
Marketing that targets children should be strongly regulated.
Algiers is the true melting pot of Algeria.
Algeria has a unique history.
Algeria has quite an interesting history.
Algeria is named after Algiers, its historically largest and most important city and present-day capital.
Berbers were fiercely resistant foreign invasions.
The name Libya is Berber in origin.
Algeria officially adopted Islam as the state religion.
Algeria has large minorities of Berber speakers.
Algeria and Tunisia are North African nations.
"Tayri" is a Berber word and it means "love."
Berber and Semitic languages diverged from each other several thousands of years ago.
Berbers inhabit North Africa.
Berbers have inhabited North Africa for thousands of years.
North Africa encompasses Morocco, Algeria, Mauritania, Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt.
The Maghreb region encompasses Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Mauritania, and Libya.
The Arab populations that came to North Africa were absorbed by Berbers through intermixing.
What do you find interesting about Algeria?
They should tell Tom Mary doesn't have to do that.
May I go ahead of you?
Which vegetables do they usually buy?
Algeria is an internationally respected nation.
Algerians are universally respected.
Some Berber speakers live in isolated communities.
Berber diverges from Semitic languages while still belonging to the same Afroasiatic family Semitic languages belong to.
There are many theories as to the origin of the Berbers.
Berber is part of the Afroasiatic family of languages.
There is a very affluent Algerian community in France.
There are very affluent communities of Algerians in France, Canada, and Spain.
What are the ethnic origins of the Berbers?
The Chinese and the Americans have little tolerance to separatist movements.
Do not eat prickly pears together with fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
We identify ourselves religiously as Muslim.
Do not add prickly pears to fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
Indonesians were Islamized by Arab merchants.
Many Chinese were Islamized by Arab merchants.
Tom is a pillock.
Tom's a pillock.
They're of partial Berber descent.
He's half Berber.
How did Berbers manage to retain their culture?
Islam quickly spread throughout North Africa in the 8th century AD.
In the 8th century AD, Islam quickly spread throughout North Africa.
The invasion of the Banu Hilal tribes in the 11th century AD led to the Arabization of most of North Africa.
Algerian Arabic has considerable Berber influence.
Algerian Arabic is considerably influenced by Berber.
Berbers converted to Islam and abandoned their previous religions.
Berbers converted to Islam and abandoned a lot of their traditional practices.
Berbers converted to Christianity during the Roman period.
Berbers converted to Islam in between the 7th and 8th centuries BC.
Berber speakers are a significant minority in Algeria.
We have Berber blood.
I actually visited Algeria a few years ago.
We could talk about the Berber language all day.
She's of partial Berber origin.
Algiers is by far the largest city in Algeria.
He has a magnetic personality.
They're of Berber ancestry.
There is extreme phenotypic diversity in Berbers.
He's of full Berber heritage.
He's of partial Berber heritage.
They only spoke Berber.
He's a Canadian citizen whose parents were born in Algeria.
She's of half-Berber, half-Arab ancestry.
Arab is rather used as a cultural rather than an ethnic or racial identifier.
They even have a small degree of Berber admixture.
They claim they are of Berber ancestry.
Maltese is descended from Arabic, a Semitic language.
Kabyles and Shawis speak the same language called Berber.
North Africa is overwhelmingly Berber.
Arabs aren't a monolithic group from the standpoint of culture and religion.
They speak Arabic with a Kabyle accent.
The Berber language is clearly dominant in this region.
Algerian gained independence in July 1962.
Algeria gained independence on July 5, 1962.
Algeria is a vast country.
Bejaia is an Algerian province.
They have some Berber ancestry.
Many of them are of Berber descent.
They have varying degrees of Berber ancestry.
The vast majority of Algerians are Muslim.
North Africa was pillaged and ravaged by countless invaders.
Many Berbers are labeled as Arabs.
They are of Berber origin.
You're merely Arabized Berbers.
India is a diverse country.
They're predominantly Muslim.
Iranians are predominantly Shia.
I grew up in a Muslim community.
More than a fourth of Algeria's population speaks Berber.
They're mostly of Berber origin.
My great-grandmother is ethnically Berber.
I have a great-grandmother who is ethnically Berber.
There is nothing left to try.
Railway interlocking plants are controlled by balises.
Reject.
Are you writing in a different language?
What was your main attraction on the holidays of Ganesh and Saraswati in school?
Enable your new setting.
What are humans doing !!
He was surprised to hear the news.
Hey you.
Doctor Sir, please write an Odia song in this theme.
Do you google your symptoms to reach a diagnosis?
I couldn't stay there with them.
I wasn't allowed to stay there with them.
He acts as if it belonged to him.
He acts as though he was the owner.
I have to finish painting the office by Friday.
My boss told me that he was dissatisfied with me.
The two main languages spoken in Algeria are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's two official languages are Arabic and Berber.
There is a large number of Muslims in Sri Lanka.
Many Berbers claim Arab ancestry from the Middle East.
They decided that they would stop watching television completely.
I think that young people are disrespectful to authorities.
Could you show me the second candle?
It took him ten days.
They decided to stop watching television completely.
In the olden days, access to films and series was only possible through rentals and television.
The guy had a suitcase covered in stickers from all over the world.
You could be more modest.
I don't earn that much (like anyone), but at least I'm getting a raise.
I dislike your smoking.
I had a minor issue with my computer.
I plan on attending this meeting.
An individual course of study is good for outstanding students.
My parents have a home with a garden on the outskirts of the city.
Berbers are largely bilingual.
In Algeria, Islam is the main religion.
You're invading my personal space.
Berbers established great kingdoms in North Africa after the arrival of Islam.
Marek sprained his wrist.
The shark attacked a seventeen-year-old.
I don't know how to pronounce this correctly.
He's in jail.
The eagle soared through the air.
I'm going to become a guinea pig for money.
He exhausted himself climbing the belfry.
I could barely follow the plot.
My sister was telling me about the badgers she saw in the woods.
The trip to school takes under an hour.
Berber went extinct in many areas of Algeria.
Have you already tried it?
Don't step on the reptiles.
The pressure's still rising.
Helping is important.
You're approaching this too seriously.
I still haven't eaten today.
This region is three fourths Muslim.
It took some time for him to realise that he had lost his way.
Legal advice from 8am to 3pm.
Then I saw two men walking my way.
Tensions have cooled down between Algeria and Morocco.
She saved a drowning woman's life.
That's what I was trying to say earlier.
On Fat Thursday Tom always eats at least doughnuts.
(Polish tongue-twister) We individualised ourselves from the ecstatic crowd.
I'm an expert in every field you aren't familiar with.
It seems I read about it in some magazine.
Does today's problem have anything in common with the past?
The goose somehow survived.
This category of workers is especially vulnerable to accidents at the workplace.
I left home.
I like autumn colours the most.
The authorities promised that the road would be repaired and at some point it's supposed to be entirely rebuilt.
A small barrier cut me off from the rest of the group.
We were sitting in the armchairs.
Turtles enjoy the warm sun.
I don't plan on going out anywhere in that cold.
She decided she wouldn't think about it any longer.
The fewer sappers die, the fewer we'll have to train.
What images does France conjure up for you?
What images does the name "Tom" conjure up for you?
Wherever you look, you'll see a lot of good.
They were looking at me weirdly.
They were giving me weird looks.
There's no hope for me.
There's very fine a line between genius and insanity.
"Everybody teases me at school because I'm so fat," Maria lamented with tears in her eyes.
This picture was taken shortly before Tom's death.
That power station isn't disruptive.
You don't even listen to me.
Chenonceau is one of France's most famous chateau.
The king gave his fiancée a chateau as a statement of his love.
The prince gave the princess a castle as a statement of his love.
The king gave the princess a castle as for her birthday.
They aren't married anymore.
The princess and her friends walked around the garden.
The princess walked through the garden.
Tom was beside himself with anger.
Tom was beside himself with rage.
Tom was beside himself with fury.
Tom didn't stop there.
The picnic was cancelled because of the rain.
She furnished her room herself.
There's no longer a difference between pure and applied mathematics.
Can a vulture eat a cheetah?
It's hard being human.
Can you still eat mouldy bread?
Don't promise what you can't give.
Can't anyone see me?
He hit me over the head.
You don't actually think I'm going to let you do that?
We were sitting together on the sofa.
Medusa had the power to turn someone to stone.
He mustered up the courage to propose to her.
You keep making mistakes.
Is the graphics card compatible with this computer?
The Olympics take place every four years.
In a magazine I read recently, there was an article that said it isn't true.
Fish are cold-blooded.
Could you bring me a glass of water on your way back?
It's a type of watermelon.
If you want to leave, there's the door.
I've been learning English on my way for four years.
I want to buy it.
It's nice to learn to others' mistakes.
Once Catalonia gains independence I'm going there.
It's surely a misunderstanding.
You want it? Then listen.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do anymore.
Nobody thinks that.
I was only late by five minutes.
We cannot question this fact.
I think she deserves a second chance.
Dancing is my hobby.
Just a dream can shape the future.
You've lost your glasses.
This person is a master in the arts of gambling.
You shouldn't speak ill of others.
I don't remember what her name is.
That depends entirely on the surroundings.
She won't be at home today.
The accident wasn't my fault: I had right of way.
Even a thousand-mile-long journey begins with the first step.
Without you my life would be devoid of meaning.
Today was nice.
He got goosebumps.
Even though I got your explanations, I still don't understand anything.
How many students are here?
He's pretending not to understand when in reality he's a specialist in the subject.
What are the exact dimensions of this room?
We're learning about Ancient Rome and Greece.
Let's have a break now.
How long have you been studying Latin?
I'd like to sleep just a little bit more.
They finally reached a small village.
I left my keys on the table. Could you bring me them?
He failed the exam because he's lazy.
He failed the exam because he's a slacker.
The prison was my university.
We don't have the right to take risks.
I offend her.
He didn't help the poor.
Tell him, you idiot!
I knew you'd like one of them.
Thank God he recovered entirely.
I know very little about shoes even though I walk around in them a lot.
Tom is for, Mary against.
I got an invitation.
You'll do what you want anyway.
The meeting ended at five.
You like horse-riding.
Why is life hard?
His professional life wasn't an immediate success.
Why are you crying, sir?
My wife and I have the same profession: we are teachers. She teaches English and I teach Portuguese.
Better keep your head down.
This watch was manufactured in Switzerland.
The police will be carrying out an investigation of this crime.
Tom's brushing his teeth.
He continued reading the book as if nothing had happened.
Where has he taken my dog?
He took his hat and left.
Is there anyone here who speaks Japanese?
Mary pretended to be ill so that she wouldn't have to go to school.
I wish you a good day, sir!
Here it's cold even in summer.
Is your brother here?
He turned around and walked away.
We'll manage without you somehow.
Why isn't anybody here?
I lived in Rome for three years.
Everything worked smoothly.
There's a spelling mistake here.
Tom is so jealous.
Can you also buy something to eat there?
He attended a Quranic school.
She attended an Islamic school.
He wanted to be an imam.
He started studying Islam.
The Champs-Élysées are in Paris.
We do not know where we are going.
Somehow a bat flew into my house through the window.
He said he didn't know this man, but that was a lie.
I don't like my name.
The party will take place in the garden, unless it rains.
Where there's fear, there's shame.
That should be done by tomorrow.
He left the company.
He built her a bookshelf.
The mother started to undress the baby.
I'm adding an example sentence.
If you're not going, neither am I.
I can't calm down.
It's one of the isotopes that can be found in the Earth's crust.
I wrote this poem for my mum.
My opinion is the wisest.
We want a society for everyone, not just for the few who are rich.
My daughter's husband is Francuz.
She's been mute since birth.
There was a car accident.
I hope nobody saw me.
The doctor prescribed him medication.
Behind our house there's a park.
Are they learning English?
It's still too early to talk about that.
She was ashamed when her child behaved very badly in public.
If she had married you, she'd be happy right now.
Oh my God, how beautiful!
The Emperor has the easy life.
Driving can be relaxing.
Driving can be stressful.
Driving can be fun.
Driving in traffic is stressful.
Tom doesn't like driving in traffic.
The fahrenheit scale is only used in the United States; in science and most other nations the celsius scale is used.
I asked him to take me home.
We cannot deny this fact.
It's you who'll make the decision.
Comparison is not proof.
Live so that your friends will be bored once you die.
Your speech is utterly incomprehensible, and your letters are always written completely illegibly.
I know she doesn't love me.
I don't have a brother or a sister.
If this keeps up we'll end up last.
We lost everything and had to start from scratch.
I found a strange object in the cornfield.
I need to buy some Tipp-Ex for tomorrow.
I need to buy some correction fluid for tomorrow.
The use of Esperanto in linguistic communication is a solution that strives for the preservation of linguistic diversity.
Elvis Presley was a rockstar.
He had married young, when he was still a sophomore, and now his wife seemed one and a half years older than him.
Then he stopped by a dead badger.
If martians exist, they would probably be microorganisms.
Come round whenever you want.
God sees us even when there's nobody there with us.
You cannot predict when an earthquake will happen.
I live in a ten-storey building.
Only two days remain.
My usual drink is apple juice with mineral water, but I also like orange juice.
He sent the book by post.
I have a feeling that she is tricking me.
Even the children weren't interested.
In my dream, you talked to me.
I'm going to organise a party.
Mary will not retire.
Golf is a very expensive sport.
What an interesting anecdote you just told me!
Doubt protects you from risk.
He reached his hand out to me.
The soldiers killed many villagers.
There aren't any more perks now.
They got rid of their bad habit.
Have the rosebuds already opened?
This temporary password will no longer be valid in seven days.
The family brought their children to have fun in the waterpark.
She let him influence her.
Is it okay if we don't go to Costco this time?
This was a terribly hot afternoon and I feel like my brain is empty.
You don't know who you're dealing with!
Don't think that of him.
Don't you have a smaller ticket?
I'll be there before nine.
Mary could not avoid the cause of her obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Tell me what I can serve you.
From prayer we gain everything. Prayer is a universal remedy.
His patience was up.
After school I had to call the repairman to replace the garbage disposal.
Where is the restroom? To the left.
This movie would not be the same without Claire.
Animals, vegetables, and microbes, all are living things.
That victory catapulted him to success.
I had to use a dirty, smelly gas station bathroom.
The lion is a lion because of his claws.
This magnet is very powerful.
This electromagnet is very powerful.
Magnets produce a magnetic field.
Tom collects refrigerator magnets.
They've changed the system.
There's enough space at this table for everyone.
It's better to regret what you've done than what you haven't.
What is your postcode?
You're extraordinarily honest.
Where can I leave it?
Go on, speak, I'm all ears.
Wherever it is, it's close.
There wasn't any spider there.
You beat me to it.
I'm not looking for a map of Poland, but the whole of Europe.
The player's contract was renewed.
I'm not his daughter.
The church is just on the other side of the street.
You are not allowed to smoke at work.
I'm grateful that you believed me.
When Yolando said what she was really thinking, everyone sat with their eyes like dinner plates and their mouths open.
Seems so to me.
Be quiet and behave!
What's the capital of Madagascar called?
As soon as the market opened, the fire started.
In Mexico, I feel like I'm in a completely different reality.
Excuse me, ma'am! Do you know how late it is?
Let's listen to what she has to say.
He arrived first.
This was in every newspaper.
His head was covered in a white turban.
Why can't you take a few days off?
The unsuitable way you dress calls attention to you.
And don't come back here ever again!
Do you think that Mary will have any sense of shame in admitting it?
Tigers are carnivores.
Our airplane flew above the clouds.
To believe what we see or to see what we believe?
Remember what you love and forget about the rest.
Who would have written something so delicate if not Mary?
The moon and the stars shone above us.
I don't like to eat pineapple. It has a very acidic flavor.
Very good sir, and you?
How did your job interview go?
The seagull squawks.
Puss in Boots is a character from a story.
To me helping is a normal thing, a reflex, if you will, like breathing.
I'm still not too old to become a world-famous tennis player.
A mile is about meters.
He's revealed my secret.
He opened his eyes and saw that the candle on the table was still burning.
Who wants fries?
The road to the village is in a very bad state.
Calmness and tranquility are all I need to work well.
We've got half a mile left.
He had a stomachache.
Men don't abandon their girlfriends until they have a substitute.
Linguistics is a scientific field.
The observatory has a good location.
She always mistook the sugar for salt.
Exercise.
I am tying my shoes.
A crisis is near.
I'm going to the pharmacy to buy medicine.
Everyone doesn't have time.
My city is full of roast chicken shops.
No, for me, lukewarm milk.
Our dog, whose name is John, barks at everybody.
"Are you still not talking to Tom?" - "No, and he better stay out of my sight."
Sixty-six percent of Americans think that the world was created in six days.
In Spain asbestos is a huge problem that is kept secret.
Have you spoken to him already?
He stirs compassion in me.
Who's sitting on the chair?
It was very useful to put the pole on the mop.
How long is the warranty for this device?
Whales should be a protected species.
I need to see someone in the emergency room.
You must come back at once.
When we lived in New York, we rented out the apartment.
Television was once a luxury.
How do you protect your computer from viruses?
That's not how it is in Japan.
I needed an extravagant name like a gentleman.
I am the champion of my town.
The lady at the office informed me that I need to bring all the necessary documents.
This is the first time I'm adding a sentence, but I thought I would try it. I know this isn't very creative, but please translate it!
I just want to get my feelings out.
You can't be Scottish.
After I got back from camp, I had a huge fleabite on my left calf.
It is neither evil nor good which determines our behaviour. It is our preferences, or even the ability to choose what suits us best. I've never thought otherwise.
The 2014-school year broke the record for the most write-ins for my high school's Student Senate. Guess who ran that year?
From April this book will be available to read online too.
The best brand of lip salve, in my opinion, is Burt's Bees.
Watch this film when you get the chance.
Apparently, in some toad species, to have a protuberance on their backs was more advantages than to have a smooth back.
My sister's kids are always getting into all sorts of shenanigans.
Which is stronger: a tiger or a lion?
Historically speaking, writing on paper has been around since BCE, but archaeologically, there is only evidence from BCE.
Sew the buttons onto the shirt.
It seemed that a bright future awaited this thirteen-year-old (girl).
According to some denominations of Christianity, Lucifer was an archangel, along with Michael and Gabriel, but then fell from Heaven because he didn't like the humans that God created.
I remember having already met this person in Cambridge at some point.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at this school are women.
The best bromance ever is definitely Zuko and Sokka from Avatar: The Last Airbender
My brother worked in France.
It's not nice to talk about that.
This we didn't know.
The Archduke of Scotland told Shakespeare he should give up play-writing right before he wrote the famous tragedy Hamlet.
When does the next train for Boston leave?
They'll do the shopping.
I'm studying, so I don't have a lot of free time.
Give me freedom or death.
Give me another beer, but this time make sure it's cold, like your heart.
This product was made in Italy.
One of my required classes in college included dissecting the entire dorsal cavity of a pig. It was disgusting.
I feel lonely in this city.
It seems that hygge is the new fad that all the kids in their 20s have decided to adopt. In the 90s it was Buddhism... what's next?
I'll give him your message when he arrives.
I am proud to have you on our team.
The most likely path a protein will take after being created is as follows: after a protein is made in the RER, it is sent via a transition vesicle to the golgi apparatus, where it is processed, and then sent to its final destination in a secretory vesicle.
Pulmonic diseases are on the rise among children in Hong Kong. Experts believe this is links to increased air pollution.
France had many colonies in Africa.
I'm against.
There wasn't such a chance.
Many considered Martin Luther to be an apostate when he first voiced his opinions against the Catholic Church, but he is celebrated today as the father of modern Protestantism.
When I went to school cafeteria, the mashed potatoes were covered in a really suspicious brown sauce, so I decided to just get an apple instead. I bit into it and immediately spit it out, for the inside was mushy and disgusting. I'm bringing sack lunch tomorrow.
The chemistry test yesterday went well.
Has he shown you the photo?
It started raining at four in the morning.
Without many kinases, including cyclin-dependent kinases, or CDKs, we wouldn't be alive!
Emilia is sad today.
He accepted the verdict without question.
I really like you!
Could you tell Peter that we're on our way too?
Each of these families receives help from the state.
Where is the pencil?
I owe who I am to my friend.
Maria was chosen from five-hundred people.
Plants' source of nutrients is the soil, and the most nutrient rich soil is detritus, a stew of decaying organic matter from a variety of sources.
Has he got the book?
He worked day and night; otherwise he wouldn't have finished his task.
He doesn't like sports. And neither do I.
I can't be bothered anymore.
Muscular dystrophy is an incredibly rare, but extremely serious disease.
That's my favourite lullaby.
He wanted me to fly to Boston with him.
If your FICO credit score is over 740, the chances of you getting the prime lending rate from your local bank are around 90%.
Some of the most popular Pre-Health paths that undergraduate students are choosing are actually not to be doctors, but instead, PAs (physician's assistants), PTs (physical therapists), and OTs (occupational therapists).
What is the probability of life showing up on Earth?
Radiation therapy is the second most common cancer treatment, after chemotherapy.
I don't remember what it's called.
Scientists are known for inventing, but the average scientist usually adds to their field by innovating new ways of doing things or improving a product.
What was it called?
Moss have motile sperm, unlike most plants, who take advantage of their surroundings to transport their gametes.
I'm curious as to who will win out of you all.
There he continued his studies and work in various professions.
Many knew him in Europe, where he was a popular lecturer.
When did you start learning English?
The same event can trigger different reactions from different people.
The film was interesting, which I hoped it would be.
You sat with her and talked?
What's the current situation?
Everyone knows he lost his leg in the war.
Talk to someone!
The average wind velocity is very low.
The wind was strong.
Death is already knocking on his door.
There's a sheet of white paper on the table.
Let's share this money between us.
Please, call me when you can.
It's better to feed wild ducks with grain than with bread.
I like well-padded cushions.
The house I live in belongs to my grandfather.
I just feel like resting.
Many young Romans would go to Greece.
Work is finishing at PM.
In the room there is a table.
I had a dictionary.
All the recluses take care of Mary.
If gangrene appears, it will have to be amputated.
I have to attend the reunion.
I can't meet up with you today.
There were lots of changes over time.
The whole city knows about it.
Images aren't the only things in black and white, pandas are too.
I will copy phrases.
There's always a happy smile on her face.
He doesn't drink alcohol at all.
The word "castellanos" is also used as a last name; for example: Enrique Castellanos.
What other sentence could you add?
"That was disconcerning." "Yeah? Do you believe it was?" "It was impressive."
A baby's laughter is the most pleasant sound you can hear. Except if it's three in the morning. And you're home alone. And you don't have a baby.
In Kyoto there are many places worth seeing.
I'm looking for someone to play chess with.
What's the reason for your failures?
He's known about this for ages.
That's exactly why I can create music.
What are we doing with the textbooks?
What he said has nothing to do with this problem.
Every time I win less.
There is something for every liking.
I like your song.
This law allows for certain exceptions.
The workers of this company went on strike.
When I came back you were already asleep.
I go to the hairdresser's every month.
Why do so many people study Japanese? The kanjis aren't logical, there are two alphabets, there aren't spaces between words, the adjectives change with the tense of the sentence, there are various grammatical constructions for the different levels of formality.
Making a woman happy isn't an easy task.
They are the fastest.
I learnt it wrong.
Some people hardly drink any alcohol, some drink a lot.
Nobody was left to tell this story.
I don't think I got a good grade on the exam.
I was late for work today.
The elephants are the main attraction of the circus.
I can drive, but Tom can't.
I have to check it.
Can I get pissed off now?
Is there still a chance of recovery?
It was insane.
Be careful, Mary! You're too close to the fan blades!
Obviously she didn't say that.
He asked me where she worked.
Tom is a widower. He lives at his daughter's place.
I live at my brother's place.
Someone asked me to write something about the gut, but that topic scares me.
The night was beautiful.
I received fine invitation to a wedding.
Are we using casual pronouns or not?
Juan doesn't want to work.
Yesterday we sinned, today we pay.
Taking into account her inexperience, she was very good.
That product is harmful.
Where's the stage entrance?
I quickly realized that my text needed an exhaustive revision.
I won't do that ever again.
Why did you hit him with a chair?
She found a four-leaf clover.
He said: "I'm a Canadian."
A 7.magnitude earthquake on the Richter scale caused a shock in Antarctica.
Are you sure that it's a centipede?
Good morning, grandpa!
He wasn't interested in telling it to them.
You are rude!
The department that you have now. Is it the same one that you had last year?
Don't reach out your hand to a lion.
Look at the book on the table!
The store is such that one can't even enter.
"Where is his book?" "On the table."
If there is time, should we go to my room for a bit?
You never mentioned anything like that until now.
Hearing such nonsense, Julia rolled her eyes back into her head.
You have read this book before.
She saw many animals in the street.
They broke the padlock and robbed all of the tools from the farm.
Were you there when the fire started?
We recovered a building in ruins and there we started a club, a type of secret society.
Once you understand, what will there be in your soul?
The man is a soldier.
The insects are six-legged animals, or they have three pairs of legs.
I will also leave here.
Mary is convinced that someone is trying to hack into her brain.
I hate dubbed movies.
Admit it, Mary, we aren't those little kids full of energy and hope anymore.
This house already changed hands last year.
Is there school tomorrow?
You said something to me in reply.
Whoever agrees, raise your hand.
Say it where you can.
If you're going without a motorcycle helmet, you're going to get a fine.
After reading it, you have to sign it.
There wouldn't be a way to go.
Everyone says that he's guilty.
The senate disapproved of the minister.
I want to stand out more.
The king was, as we say today, a psychopath.
You won't pass the exam if you don't prepare well.
Commercials have to be presented well.
Dry your head.
More than snores, they are whinnies.
I'm not going to fall.
You don't want to help mom?
She is a very inconsistent person.
They will see me again another day.
Congratulations to you too.
The wind rages.
The temperature continues dropping.
It impressed the young people.
Resist as much as you want.
Come together.
The deed is not too expensive.
Open it for me.
There isn't money for food.
Ipek fell jumping rope.
In the office, I have to wear a tie.
With this grade, I can't get into college.
Calm down, he will come.
It is not known where it is.
The carnaval finished with the traditional burial of the sardine and the city returned to the normal peace and quiet.
They were considered special.
When you see the traffic light turn red, stop.
Look at what I tell you.
No one explained it.
What time does the technician arrive?
You're so right!
No, I'm not going.
When the bullfighter left, the previous racket was silenced.
A thistle is like a prickly person, lots of spines.
Every once in a while, I would feel a lot like having something tasty.
How do I go to this address?
On the weekends, I rest.
I don't want to leave the street.
Unlock.
It's time to eat now.
Tom couldn't believe that María had done such a stupid thing.
I have been here two times.
They have closed the beach.
When farming, they use multiple tools.
I'm going to renovate the bathroom.
We are worried.
I have been a carpenter for ten years.
The doctor tells me to move more.
The optometrist measures the patient's visual acuity.
More than a war, it was a dispute.
The elevator doors sound weird.
Almost all of the money is for the house.
I carried how much I wanted.
A dollar is worth yen.
A yard is three feet.
Despite language difficulties, we were soon friends.
Anger is a bad advisor.
A battle is not the war.
Let's see, said a blind man.
Who plays with fire ends up burned.
From the poisoned tree, all the fruit comes out poisoned.
Eternal love lasts some three years.
It's like an elephant in a bazaar.
It's the same dog with a different collar.
It's easy to get firewood from a fallen tree.
It does not belong to any people or country so it functions as a neutral language.
Your best friend is the money in your pocket.
Now you're going to know what plus is.
In a war, the first victim is the truth.
Tom missed the day that they were distributing brains.
I'm impressed by your French.
This book was written by three people.
It's better to eat chicken with your hands.
And if my grandma had balls, she wouldn't be my grandma.
As San Andrés said: he who has a stupid face, is.
What is this book about?
Love is like soup, you have to avoid letting it cool down.
Only Alica and the rabbit live in Wonderland.
One must eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a beggar.
Before you judge someone, first walk a mile in their shoes.
I'm more lost than a son of a bitch on Father's Day.
He committed suicide by consuming poison.
Mexicans are descended from the Aztecs, Peruvians from the Incas, and Argentinians from the boats.
Some get married by the church, others get married by the court, and lots to idiots.
He was injured by a bullet.
Channel was the first to televise nudity in the UK.
I always keep lip balm with me in the winter.
If someone doesn't hijack something, it's not a good movie.
When I was a cadet, I had no idea what I was getting myself into joining the army.
If a government is not good at keeping its people under control, there will be a lot of uprises.
The Internet wasn't working, necessitating me to restart the router.
The President selects an appointee to be on the High Court when a member retires or dies.
He was a good guy and all, but the pillow talk wasn't great.
The Depression revitalized many Christian sects.
I watched his Adam's apple move as he talked.
I like to snort cocaine.
The medical practitioner I had previously prescribed a different dose.
If you develop lesions in the area, I think you should see a doctor.
The out-of-pocket expenses are quite low with my health insurance.
I don't expend a lot of energy when I do a low-impact workout, so I like them better.
I'm going to community college, because I want to at least be a semi-skilled worker.
I don't think I want to live in an apartment complex - I'm just really scared that I'm going to have bad neighbors.
It's not an unsurmountable problem. You can do it.
It's not like I can materialize there. I will just have to be late.
Last evening I watched the original version of a German film on the Arte channel.
Gather all of your personal effects, and we will escort you to your foster home.
I can't tell you, I signed a nondisclosure agreement.
I learned about lots of different types of polymers today.
The detainee struggled in the tight handcuffs, but the police paid him no attention.
I have to do some retraining before I am at the skill I was before.
One way animals asexually reproduce is via fragmentation.
Genes predetermine the likelihood that we will get many disease, but what we do to prevent them is a much larger factor.
She preps a sandwich for her lunch.
I have heard that age discrimination is a serious issue - the elderly are mistreated in our country.
My friend engraves people's names on watches. I guess it pays pretty well.
She sent a couple of private investigators to snoop on her ex-husband. I wonder if she still loves him.
The show Glee is about an a cappella high school group that competes against other a cappella high school groups, but I promise, it's really quite entertaining.
It's difficult to quantify how bright her personality is.
With well-crafted questions, the police made the criminal talk.
The uniforms vary according to the school.
The sculptor carved a statue of Buddha from wood.
Jane mentioned the incident to Mary.
I will do everything that I can to help.
Susan broke the plate to show her anger.
The Sun is a star that is around five billion years old.
Mark speaks Latin, English and Japanese.
Each player gets two cards at the start.
I lent him a book, but he hasn’t given it back yet.
Think first, then speak.
In this box there are five apples.
I know he didn’t say anything good about me.
Don't disturb me now.
I don’t intend on arguing with you lot.
He’s not ashamed of the fact that his father is poor.
Some works have several titles.
There’s a stone on the ground.
Tom eats in the canteen every day.
I want to know when you're going to come over and help me.
Tom's guitar looks exactly like this one.
I want to know whether you plan to come to my party or not.
I didn't know that Tom was a student here.
I want to know what to do with all the stuff you left with me.
I want to know what Tom does for a living.
I want you to take the medication the doctor told you to take.
I want you to take the medication that the doctor told you to take.
Is it true that you called Tom last night?
I want you to come to Boston and help me set up a new business.
Tom accepted the offer without hesitation.
Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston.
I want you to stay here in Australia until the Monday after next.
Tom and Mary arranged to meet at the gate.
I wanted to buy a necklace for Mary, but I didn't have enough money.
Tom and Mary enjoyed each other's company.
I want to know when you can come over to my place and help me move my piano.
Tom and Mary got together at a restaurant.
I want to know what you want me to do with all the stuff you left in my garage.
Tom and Mary have an unusual relationship.
I wanted to become a singer or an actor, but my parents wanted me to become a lawyer or a doctor.
I was unjustly convicted.
I didn't know Tom was a student here.
I want to know what to do with all the stuff that you left with me.
We’ve got a little time before the train leaves.
I want to know what you want me to do with all the stuff that you left in my garage.
In freedom there’s hope.
Are there more water or land animals?
Tom has a picture of the airport.
You’ll quickly get used to the cold climate.
It wasn’t as bad as the first time.
The third string is out of tune.
I'm sleep-deprived.
“Thanks for the help!” “Not at all!”
He gets annoyed easily.
And what’s left for us then?
It’s a shame that many modern artists sing just as badly as elephants.
Be friendly!
The sun tans my skin.
I caught him eavesdropping by my office door.
The old port is no longer enough for modern ships.
I’ve got eyes on the back of my head!
The most important thing in art is the frame.
What annoys us the most about others is what we ourselves have.
You can see planet Venus in the sky tonight.
She felt a little exhausted after the long day.
A friend is another me.
I think you may have missed a mistake.
She told me I was sentimental.
That's pure coincidence.
Are you very forgetful?
The pain slowly subsided.
Don’t defend the murderers!
I’m starting to freeze.
You asked Maria to look after the kids.
Tom is awfully handsome.
Make the world a better place, starting with yourself.
With us you’ll find everything you need.
Like a fox I covered my tracks.
The truth is the hardest to believe.
You and I are cousins.
His glance makes my insides melt.
The most incredible thing that humans have created is language.
I don’t treat you as enemies.
I like this song a lot, though I’m only just learning to understand it.
Why did she leave so early?
I’ve got to buy myself a new stove: the one I have is very old.
It’d be better if he were more attentive.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
A young tiger has broken out of the circus.
Careful: the enemy is attacking!
There are still native people in the world who are suffering from oppression.
They all went quiet.
How many eggs are there in the refrigerator?
How many eggs are in the refrigerator?
Gandhi is internationally famous.
The Phoenicians established the empire of Carthage in North Africa.
Berbers were one of the first nations to adopt Islam.
Spain was in Muslim hands for eight centuries.
Many Berbers still retain their language and traditions.
They don't identify as ethnically Berber.
Berbers practice Islam.
Most Berbers practice Islam.
They all speak Berber as their native language.
Many Berbers were Arabized over the centuries.
They also speak Berber.
They have some partial Berber ancestry.
She's a little obsessed with the Berber language.
She's obsessed with the Berber language.
Some extremists want to use violence to reestablish Muslim rule in Christian areas that were previously Muslim.
Some extremists want to use violence to reestablish Islam in Christian areas that were previously Muslim.
Spain was previously under the rule of Muslims.
Spain and Portugal were previously under the rule of Muslims.
They preferred to live under Muslim rule.
The Crusaders sacked Jerusalem.
They intermarried with Berbers.
Iberian Muslims are commonly referred to as Moors.
They've never been happy.
They still retain their Islamic and Berber identities.
They still maintain their Berber language.
Maltese is derivative of North African Arabic.
Maltese is a Semitic language in the same manner as Arabic, Hebrew, and Amharic.
I have no choice but to defend myself.
I had no choice but to defend myself.
Tom sleeps on the train.
It's where nobody can get to it.
The Sun hides behind the clouds.
A tire on the car blew.
She isn't interested in boys at all.
Man is not made to understand life, but to live it.
He was not interested in girls at all.
He isn't interested in girls at all.
I replaced a blown bulb.
Excuse me, miss! Do you know how late it is?
Excuse me, sir! Do you know how late it is?
Speak your mind, please.
I don't want him to stay here.
I don't want her to stay there alone.
I don't want my children to experience war.
In the past, each country had its own carat. It was often used for weighing gold. Beginning in the 1570s, it was used to measure weights of diamonds.
English is a mandatory language in Czech schools.
Once you start to take drugs, you have a problem.
Once you start taking drugs, you have got a problem.
You will get there more quickly by underground.
Alcohol and hard drugs destroy people's lives.
Alcohol and hard drugs ruin people's lives.
Give him some advice.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim.
Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited.
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.
History is always written wrong, and so always needs to be rewritten.
Those who speak most of progress measure it by quantity and not by quality.
The earth has its music for those who will listen.
I'm starting to like Tom.
You absolutely don't know that, do you?
"Where are we going next year?" "To France."
It was a really cool experience.
It was a really fun experience.
Tom is looking forward to Mary's visit.
Tom was looking forward to Mary's visit.
This is a permanent magnet.
The magnet became magnetized.
Ferromagnetic materials can be magnetized.
Lodestones are magnetized pieces of magnetite.
Lodestones are naturally occurring magnets.
Tom is an ombudsman.
Tom is an ombudsperson.
Tom uses an electric toothbrush.
I'm giving this bouquet to my friend.
One afternoon, I grabbed my parachute and said, "Between a star and two swallows."
It hid the sun.
Mary is very impulsive in everything she does.
I want to know if you're really planning to do that.
Tom was supposed to be here before lunch.
I want you to give me money to buy something to eat.
Tom was surprised by how Mary was acting.
I want to find a place to live close to where I work.
Tom was trapped inside the burning house.
I want to know if you have any time to help me today.
Tom was unable to open the cash register.
I want to know what caused me to gain so much weight.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the bus stop.
I want to know if you're planning to come to my party.
Tom was yelling at Mary just a while ago.
I want a house with a big yard and a white picket fence.
Tom wasn't able to take care of his kids.
I want the two of you to go to Boston with me on Monday.
Tom wasn't the only one who was arrested.
I want you to stay in Australia until at least Christmas.
Tom wrote down his ideas in his notebook.
I want to change out of my wet clothes into something dry.
Tom's body was burned beyond recognition.
María burst into tears upon hearing about the death of her brother.
I think he acted correctly.
She's doing that for money.
Enjoy your vacation a lot!
Mary wants to get a rich man to have security.
Tom wasn't the only one that was arrested.
It is prohibited to smoke on the whole site.
I have to eat lunch.
She never finishes her works.
The cold continued for three weeks.
I used this plate.
Don't be sad!
"Do you want to drink something?" "No, thank you, I still have to drive."
He has his faults, but for that, I love him more.
The higher tariff on imports from China is effectively the biggest tax increase on the middle class in U.S. history.
We’ll have to roll up our sleeves if we want to finish this work on time!
I regretted lying to them.
Why have you come to visit England?
You're not the boss of me.
They've got to do this.
We do not know that one, my friend. Please explain it to us!
Perhaps the palm trees on the walls and pillars of Solomon’s Temple can be identified with the faithful to God the righteous from the seventh chapter of Revelation, who hold palm branches in their hands.
Go and read, please, what this firebrand is writing to me!
Santa Claus lives in Finland.
Santa lives in Finland.
Father Christmas lives in Finland.
They converted to Islam.
They retained their Muslim heritage.
Algeria is smaller than Canada.
Maltese is an Arabic-based language.
Berber has many dialects.
Berber is native to North Africa.
Very few people still speak Berber in this region.
They largely still speak Berber in this area.
They are of North African Berber origin.
Modern Canarians have from to 15% North African Berber admixture.
A person like you cannot insult me.
The Guanche people are descendants of ancient Berber people.
They were almost entirely Muslim.
He boarded a passenger ship headed for Algeria.
He's a millionaire of Algerian descent.
She has partial Berber ancestry and may not be aware of it.
Algeria is our home nation.
She has a rudimentary grasp of the Berber language.
They have some Berber blood.
Berbers are an incredibly diverse group of people.
Berbers are a fascinating population.
Algeria has a very rich history.
I work with a group of Algerian expatriates.
We discussed the demographic makeup of Algeria.
They live in a predominantly Islamic society.
Berber has a descent representation in Libya.
Algerians don't have proficient knowledge of English.
Algerians generally don't have proficient knowledge of English.
Islamists and Pan-Arabists like to romanticize the past.
Only sensationalist authors would claim that Berbers originate from Yemen.
They ended up converting to Islam and marrying into local families.
He made a new life for himself so far from home.
Muslims still have a massive influence in these regions of Africa.
Berbers were almost fully Islamized in the 7th and 8th centuries.
Muslims are scattered throughout the Russian territory.
Berber dialects are scattered throughout North Africa.
The Ottoman Empire had a large navy.
Send me your position.
If only I had been with you.
He began publishing articles about Islam.
He taught Islamic history.
He wrote and published his first book in Berber.
She developed an early interest in Islamic philosophy.
I told him that I didn't trust him.
I couldn't persuade her to go with us.
I told them that I don't care about what people think of me.
You must be a good athlete to run one mile in such a short amount of time.
Who would like to hire Tom?
She confessed to loving anal sex.
The person who killed your brother was me.
He became fluent in the Berber language.
He worked as a pastry chef in Bejaia, Algeria.
She bought a kilo of Peruvian cocaine paste.
He will be tried in Algeria for selling illegal drugs.
He refused to go to the Algerian embassy.
He started to study the Quran.
He headed for Algeria.
He entered Algiers like a hero.
She only learned to speak Berber when she was sixteen.
He spent four months in jail. He was then deported to Algeria.
Algeria needs to introduce a new economic policy.
Each time I see her, my heart beats fast.
He's my son by my first marriage.
She said she didn't have a son by that name.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was popular in Algeria.
In Algeria, the crowds adored Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
In Algeria, Houari Boumediene's all-seeing eye was omnipresent.
Houari Boumediene's funeral in was an orgy of grief in Algeria.
Which city is more dense: Algiers or Oran?
Algiers has a very dense urban core.
Oran has a compact urban core.
Many Algerian cities have existed for thousands of years.
Algiers is densely populated.
In the early 2000's, Algeria began a period of economic growth.
We work in the fields.
I do not speak Berber.
I do not speak Berber but I will do my best to pronounce these names properly.
This oppressive regime committed many atrocities.
She was born on April 4, 1940.
He was a man of learning.
Her brother died in infancy.
In Algeria, any rebellions were rapidly stamped out by the French.
She displayed an inquisitive mind.
She displayed an adventurous spirit.
In 1940, her family was struck with tragedy.
He relied on his family and friends to look after his children.
She's no longer a supporter of the communist regime.
She was given a hundred lashes.
She became angry with the system.
Algerians are protesting corruption in the government.
She was dismissed from the school.
She was admitted to a prestigious college.
When he went to Russia, his revolutionary fervor emerged.
He explored Siberia.
He continued working as a kitchen hand.
His travels took him to Algeria, Cuba, and Syria.
He sailed for Algeria.
They all had one thing in common.
He dedicated himself to the liberation of his homeland.
She moved to Bejaia in order to learn Berber.
She immersed herself in the culture of the city.
In the 1950's, many French intellectuals were sympathetic to the plight of the Algerian people.
He was living in Algiers.
She made a trip to Algeria.
Did you fall in love with me at first sight?
Yes, it's a sad reality.
They are Argentine citizens.
They are not Argentine citizens.
"What is your nationality?" "Argentine."
He wouldn't ask for help even if he was starving.
My grandparents own an antique shop.
My favorite color of crayon is mac & cheese.
There was a beehive on the tree.
I have a love-hate relationship with chocolate.
According to the WHO (World Health Organization), people died of accidents involving a refrigerator last year.
One of my friends wants to be a physical therapist when she grows up.
I'll put it in my appointment book.
Yes, the department reimbursed me.
The bracelets jangled on her wrist.
The majority of Americans are against corporal punishment.
I met a travelling salesman who really liked the color brown.
I was going to approach her, but she seemed very abrasive, so I decided not to.
No, I know that's my seat because I always chose an aisle seat.
"Blackbird" by the Beetles is my mom's favorite song.
I had a speech therapist when I was younger.
Tom and Mary became attracted to each other.
They became attracted to each other.
According to this article, many tobacco companies knew nicotine was harmful, even back in the 50s.
"Sure you are," she retorted.
The Econ exam was pretty easy, mostly conceptual stuff, supply and demand, and all that.
He was sent to solitary confinement after he tried to smuggle cocaine into his cell.
He got the local accent.
I don't think it's going to stop raining anytime soon.
I am very bad with money.
Antibiotics don't do anything.
She'll see herself.
We're in the middle of spring.
I'm spending the day preparing reports.
-What are you studying in school? -Italian.
There is a ruling now.
I can't breathe well.
His intent is different.
The doctor says to exercise more.
He lashed out against the reporters.
Someone demanded it.
She tried to kiss me.
Do you really think that little of me?
Tom is an eminent scientist.
Tom is an eminent scholar.
Tom likes kombucha.
He made it on his free time.
In the end, I did not meet Tom.
I can't forgive he for what he has done.
I want to know what time you're going to get home.
The house is small, but pretty.
Tom was asleep at the time of the murder.
I want to find a place to live close to the campus.
Tom was convicted of first degree murder.
I want to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom was only in Australia for three days.
I want to work at the same hospital where you work.
Tom was only there for a couple of weeks.
I want you to know that I was the one who did that.
I want you to know I was the one who did that.
Tom was relieved to see that Mary was OK.
Tom was relieved to see Mary was OK.
His feet smell.
"Thank you very much!" - "No problem."
I have no idea!
To whom belongs the dictionary on the table?
How many cats are in this house?
I don't know why you're studying Swedish.
I've studied Italian for a few months.
When I grow up, I want to be important.
I'm going into the house.
Excuse me, where's the post office?
Regardless of how much I think about it, I can't understand.
He was working hard and later he would do the tests.
I'm allergic to milk.
This woman is Indian.
Your plans changed drastically.
I'd be happy, if Tom succeeded.
Let's go to the movies tomorrow night.
She found the book that she was looking for.
What is in this purse?
I want to know when you'll be going to Australia.
Tom tried to get his three children back.
I want to know why you're not doing that anymore.
Tom wanted to find out what had happened.
I want to find an apartment close to where I work.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend for a long time.
I want to know what time you're going to be there.
Tom was a professional heavyweight boxer.
Tom asked me if I'd brushed my teeth.
If I'd brushed my teeth more often when I was a kid, I'd have better teeth now.
If I'd taken time to brush my teeth after breakfast, I would've missed my bus.
Tom took the sandwich out of Mary's hand.
I want to finish what I'm doing before I go home.
He vacationed in Kabylie.
He served in the Algerian army.
And even if you were the poorest beggar, if one friend remained, you would be rich. But he who has won the highest king's throne and has no friend is a poor man.
The idealist does not know where he is going but he is on his way.
Thanks to her flattery, she has won our hearts.
I'm new to this team.
Traditionalism means that one prefers a silver salt shaker which does not pour any salt over one from plastic which actually pours salt.
Right; he is intelligent, he is an intelligent little asshole.
Why don't you have any time?
Is there something you'd like to eat?
Algerians are jealous of their rights.
A pig with a golden collar is still just a pig.
She doesn't remember having said that.
One who hopes to inherit can wait for a long time.
The good things you are doing today will have often already been forgotten by people tomorrow. Keep on doing good things.
Slow, young man!
She's about to go to Bejaia.
She owns property in Kabylie, Algeria.
They went to the mosque together.
They attended the Friday prayer together.
Does he own property in Kabylie, Algeria?
She inherited land in Kabylie, Algeria.
We could distinctly hear Kabyle music coming from the second floor.
She has an old Algerian family background.
We should go to Kabylie for a little vacation.
She cooked the couscous.
I can hardly wait to taste this couscous.
All Algerians eat couscous.
You're the only Algerian I know that doesn't eat couscous.
He will certainly be glad to see you here in Bejaia.
He's coming to Bejaia by taxi.
He followed her to Bejaia.
What are you doing in thise Kabyle dresses?
He gazed at the Kabyle dress in admiration.
She gazed at the Kabyle dress in amazement.
I wish you guys lived in Algeria all the time.
He forgot to stop the inflow of water.
We sell Kabyle dresses at fair prices.
He spent years living in Algeria.
The manuscript was written in Berber.
They study Berber manuscripts.
She was born into a wealthy Algerian family from Kabylie.
We know what's going on in Algeria.
She speaks multiple languages, including Berber.
Will Algeria really run out of money?
He told them that he had spent several years in Algeria.
She can read and write in Berber.
She asked them to return to Algeria.
The king was a Muslim.
In southern Algeria, there are a lot of Berber-speaking oases.
Numidian warriors were excellent horsemen.
Algerian women are graceful and polite.
He's a foreigner and not an official citizen of Algeria.
Without the ability to speak the Berber language, he needed an interpreter.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of the most admired intellectuals in Algeria.
He traveled to Bejaia.
Many Pan-Arabists are unable to stomach the acknowledgment of Berber as an official language in Algeria.
I'm very interested in Mouloud Mammeri's works.
A growing number of Algerian academics are interested in Matoub Lounes's works.
Algeria needs to revitalize its economy.
Algeria needs urgent economic reforms.
Algeria has ambitious designs.
Algeria shouldn't be distracted by internal problems.
Algeria produces cars.
Algeria produces vehicles.
Algeria will soon start exporting vehicles.
Algeria manufactures vehicles.
Algeria needs to work closely with China and Russia.
Algeria doesn't have problems with China.
Algeria welcomes Chinese investments.
Algeria's position is unambiguous.
Algeria's political crisis resembles a soap opera.
Algeria's current political crisis is like a soap opera.
Algeria's car industry is up and running.
has been a restless year in Algeria.
Algeria purchases a lot of Chinese goods.
Algeria has entered a delicate political crisis.
Algeria needs to boost domestic consumption.
Algeria needs to reform its infrastructure.
Algeria needs to seek out new markets in sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs European investments.
The current political crisis could hurt the Algerian economy.
Algeria needs to build up its missile capabilities.
Algeria has no nuclear weapons.
You don't need to advise me.
I don't need to be advised.
What do you think about Algeria's foreign policy?
The Algerian army is capable enough to handle Algeria's security.
Algeria is a regional player in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algeria is currently preoccupied by internal matters.
Algeria is facing a complicated political crisis.
Algeria is going through a complicated political crisis.
Is Algeria politically divided?
Algeria's long period of economic growth entered its closing phase in 2015.
Algeria needs to deal with its internal crisis.
Is your homework ready?
I would like to share my story of how I converted to Islam.
He looked around, then he sat on the chair.
You don't get it. If you say stuff like that, you're bound to hurt the girl's feelings.
Yesterday, there was rusty water coming from the faucets in our house.
The political crisis in Algeria shouldn't continue.
Algeria will not ally with Saudi Arabia against Yemen.
Algeria has its own problems with Morocco.
Algeria is a bureaucracy that operates according to a complex set of laws.
No nation has the right to intervene in Algeria's internal politics.
No nation has the right to intervene in Algeria's internal affairs.
Algerians took their anger to the streets.
has been a restless year for Algeria.
We all want to learn more about Algeria.
Algerians should go to the polls to elect a new president.
Algeria and Morocco are bitter rivals.
I don't care about Christianity, Islam or other religions as they have been manipulated and no longer tell the truth about the real nature of this world.
In February 2019, massive demonstrations broke out in Algeria.
Is Algeria really on the brink of a civil war?
Algerians don't want populist policies.
Algeria needs far more extensive reforms.
Algeria needs extensive reforms.
We need to push for more extensive reforms in Algeria.
Algeria is doing well.
Algeria will do much better in the coming years.
The political crisis is aggravating the socio-economic crisis in Algeria.
Is the Algerian economy really in distress?
Algeria is a republic with elected institutions.
It's difficult to understand Algeria's internal power struggle.
The Algerian parliament doesn't have the power to change anything in the country.
Algerians should choose their own government.
Algeria needs to improve the rule of law in the country.
Algeria needs a truly free press.
In February 2019, Algerians expressed their anger at the authorities.
I have no intention of insulting or provoking anybody.
Kabyles are Sunnis.
Berbers are essentially Sunni Muslims.
This region is populated by Berber speakers.
Berber is taught at schools.
Kabyles are also Sunni Muslims.
South of the Algerian province of Adrar lies an uninhabitable desert.
To the south, Algeria borders Mali and Niger.
To the southwest, Algeria borders Western Sahara and Mauritania.
To the west, Algeria borders Morocco.
To the east, Algeria borders Tunisia and Libya.
Algeria has no borders with Sudan.
A lot of Algeria's oil is located in the desert.
Algeria will never be in complete poverty.
Algeria was conquered and invaded multiple times.
I want to be a soldier.
She is in prison.
My favorite dish is pizza.
What do you think of this sentence?
I know chemistry pretty well.
You must be loyal.
How much is the kilo of beans?
They are waiting for dinner to be served.
I love grapes.
It's his turn.
You're the ninth person to ask.
Where did the dog go?
Can I have a side salad?
They evidently side with him.
I believe that he sides against me.
He always gets excited about trivialities.
He is yelling at his wife.
It isn't easy to live with a choleric person.
I dreamt about taking the final exam.
Stop wasting the water!
Things turned sour between Algeria and Morocco.
You probably know what's going on in Algeria.
A new school year started on September 2nd.
Algerians enjoy access to the Internet.
There is no war in Algeria.
There are no significant social conflicts in Algeria.
In 1961, Nikolai Khrapov received years in the camps for writing the psalm "Greetings to you, Christ’s budding tribe", which later became the anthem of the Russian Baptist youth.
Algeria is safe and politically stable.
Death smiles at us all; all we can do is smile back.
I'll talk to the boss for you.
Tom filed a patent.
Tom filed the patent.
You can't back out now.
You're terrible at this.
Tom is terrible at tennis.
Why would you want me to do that?
I was terrible at it.
Tom is terrible at it.
Tom was terrible at it.
Tom didn't tell me the whole story.
Tom didn't tell you the whole story.
The lawyer filed an injunction.
It's trivia night.
The beating is a jerk that someone undergoes and will never forget.
Tom is primatologist.
I couldn't help but tease him.
I couldn't help but tease her.
I couldn't help but tease him a little bit.
I couldn't help but tease her a little bit.
Tom couldn't help but tease Mary a little bit.
Tom couldn't help but tease Mary.
Tom couldn't help but tease Mary a little bit about it.
Tom couldn't help but tease Mary about it.
Tom got laughed out of the room.
Tom was laughed out of the room.
Saying hurtful things about others is wrong.
I want you to tell me about your trip to Boston.
Tom took a trip to Australia last year.
I wouldn't be able to do this without your help.
Tom took his children to Boston with him.
I want you to cook something different tonight.
Tom told me that Mary was his girlfriend.
I wonder why my name isn't on the list anymore.
Tom told the judge his side of the story.
I think you know that that isn't a good idea.
I think you know that isn't a good idea.
I gained some weight back.
It repeats over and over again.
"Have you had a nice talk with Skura?" "It's like talking to a brick wall."
It's my duty to go serve on that jury.
I'm on the jury.
I saw you in the jury room.
I'm not on the jury.
She attempted to smuggle diamonds into Algeria.
I asked her to wear this Kabyle dress.
Who sold you this Kabyle dress?
She loves this Kabyle dress.
Have you seen this Kabyle dress before?
He was in the jury box.
She quit the jury.
We were on the same jury.
She likes Skura's Kabyle dress.
She looks gorgeous in the Kabyle dress.
Do you want a Kabyle dress, too?
Every time I come here, I'm getting insults thrown at me.
She can't dance, you know.
She can't sing, you know.
She can't swim, you know.
She can't drive, you know.
She can't speak Berber, you know.
She can't use a computer, you know.
She will love this Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is the perfect gift.
She's right, you know.
Don't eat that piece of plastic. It's just a candle holder.
Who took that Kabyle dress?
We need a "Keep Algeria Beautiful" campaign.
We need to keep Algeria clean and beautiful.
We need to keep Algeria beautiful.
We need to keep Algeria clean.
I dropped the gum wrapper on the sidewalk.
Tom would probably do that.
Tom would probably have done that.
There is no threat to the US in Algeria.
The US has no overseas base in Algeria.
The US military have no overseas base in Algeria.
There is no US military presence in Algeria.
In 1830, the French invaded Algeria and colonized it for years.
What did Massinissa's Berber sound like?
Some Berber consonants are tricky to pronounce.
Berber has an old alphabet called Tifinagh.
She writes in the Berber script.
Learn to write Berber.
Their Berber dialect is different.
Kabyle is just one variety of the Berber language.
Of course anyone who truly loves books buys more of them than he or she can hope to read in one fleeting lifetime. A good book, resting unopened in its slot on a shelf, full of majestic potentiality, is the most comforting sort of intellectual wallpaper.
Everybody in the office knows about his hardship.
The next few days will be of key importance.
Don't push it, I won't tell you anything.
Who closed the door?
Please, repeat once more.
Japanese teens like rock and jazz.
The doctor advised him to drink less.
There's a garden behind the house.
Could you leave that paper there and listen to me?
My name is Dusana.
He put the money in the bag.
Don't close it, I haven't finished yet.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between butter and margarine.
I hope she's healthy again.
Yes, it works like this.
Good afternoon! How are you?
Is he Greek?
Is this Berber class?
This is your Berber textbook.
Paper, a chinese invention created around two thousand years ago, left an unquestionable mark in every culture.
She's wearing a blue dress.
He studies Economics at the university.
Maria believes in life after death.
He drinks in order to forget.
She drinks to forget.
His name is Tomoyugi Ogura.
What is more important to you; me or your work?
Sorry, you're wrong.
They describe their ethnicity as Berber.
Judaism is more of a religious community.
Berbers still exist.
The Berber language still exist.
I thought about his aunt yesterday.
Can you understand Russian?
Our country is in danger.
To claim there is an all-encompassing Jewish race would be inaccurate.
I'm selling my home.
Skura has nothing to lose.
Skura sold her home herself.
You have chosen a bad time.
Who exactly is a Jew and who isn't?
We will visit the Caribbean.
It's possible to twist your tongue.
The future is far ahead.
César won the city's Rubik's Cube tournament last year.
Let the boy ask as much as he wants to.
Did you buy the land?
This is a pearl necklace.
He acted that way for vengeance.
He should have returned to surface already.
You're already old.
That woman looks rich.
He was an admirable Persian poet.
João was sentenced for homicide.
Our Father who art in heaven.
He is my friend. Do you know him?
They practice Islam with paganistic elements.
I hope you have all had a fine Ashura.
Berbers were converted to Islam.
Many Berber groups retain their language.
He lives in a Muslim majority country.
Berber is undergoing linguistic revival.
All of you play the piano.
We went to the city where mom was born.
They put their house on the market.
The newlyweds are leaving the church.
I need a pencil. Can I take yours?
We moved into our apartment four years ago.
He moved to Algeria in order to pursue a business venture.
Separated from her, he was feeling quite defenseless and lost.
This is today's agenda.
After a year in Algeria, he went to the UK to pursue his studies.
She left Algeria with lots of ideas.
The tree had a knotty trunk.
She is the national champion.
We are better and more diligent than all of you.
He fell for an Algerian girl named Skura.
Regarding that trip, I remember some really bad moments.
She was versed in the Berber language.
They are spending their honeymoon in Venice.
One who has wax has honey.
The bears they love the honey.
Mary was drinking honey with garlic for breakfast.
I dream of going to Japan.
Finally spring has arrived in this part of Japan.
He purchased a four-story building in Algiers.
She left Algeria.
She left Algeria in 1994.
I don't love her more than you.
I'm sure you'll love this Berber dictionary.
Are you selling your home?
That model of car isn't for sale anymore.
Does silence actually exist in this universe?
Your word doesn't mean anything.
This table is handmade.
The nurse drew my blood.
He is getting bored.
I think it could use some salt.
It hasn't stopped raining for weeks.
It's easy to see this.
She chose to flee to Algeria.
A fee is a payment for a service.
She chose to return to Algeria.
I'm fragile.
She chose to stay in Algeria.
In the summer, there are mosquitos.
She chose to go to Algeria.
In the 1990's, a bloody civil war took place in Algeria.
Ipek, jump rope!
I have seen how you've been checking me out.
No one asked us anything.
Last year I was in Paris for the first time.
Leave the window ajar.
On modern trains, you don't notice the clattering.
Algeria is suffering a political crisis.
They told me after you left.
They're going to make new job positions.
He's been like an idiot.
If there's not enough light, the panel doesn't work.
I don't know who could help me.
Caesar was murdered.
He didn't remain in Algeria to see the birth of his twins.
He declared his intention to be buried in Algeria.
The racists would label anyone who opposes their ideas as a "traitor."
This neighborhood is infested with racists.
This website is infested with racists.
The confederate flag is a symbol of racism.
The confederate flag is a racist symbol.
The confederate flag is synonymous of racism.
The confederate flag is considered by many to be a racist symbol.
Take this confederate flag away.
We don't want a confederate flag here.
Jefferson Davis was the president of the Confederate States of America.
The confederate flag is a symbol of southern heritage.
The confederate flag is so controversial.
She didn't want to see Algeria again.
She moved to Algeria where she spent the rest of her life.
She didn't want to be a footnote in her husband's life.
There is no way of curing the stubbornness of the racists.
This racist group is a danger.
This racist group frequently mounts campaigns of intimidation in the neighborhood.
The civil war of the 1990's severely disrupted life in Algeria.
Caesar was elected dictator for life.
The arrogance of these racists has gone too far.
They want to destroy the Algerian republic.
This racist leader is the personification of evil.
In 1954, Algerians rose up against the French colonization.
The leader of this racist group has deranged views.
She lives in a town near the Algerian border.
Kabyles and Shawis speak the same language: Berber.
Algerians believe in their country passionately.
Algerians should be united together in this political crisis.
The racists use violence on the streets.
He has become a racist.
These racists believe in the use of violence against any person who disagrees with them.
He joined an extremely racist group.
He founded an extremely radical racist group.
The racist leader claims that he is the person who can make the region great again.
We are not afraid of this racist group.
The racists will lose this war.
Racist hatred was growing in him.
He grew up in a racist environment.
In 1994, she returned to an Algeria ravaged by war.
I know how important that is.
I know how important this is.
What color are all of your eyes?
Let's turn our arms really wide to loosen up our shoulder muscles.
The neutrons don't talk to anyone.
The problem continued being unsolved.
I'm missing one.
They gave a big effort.
When did the notice arrive?
On the nightstand, there is a lamp.
A Heuriger is a tavern for drinking the young wine of the year.
The exam had a sperate answer sheet.
His family with eat dinner with Mary this Christmas Eve.
Let them advise you.
How are you getting it back?
Excessive consumerism in some countries affects the natural environment.
Before putting the cables in, l lubricate the tube.
Don't tell me stupid things.
I responded badly to him.
I want to work less.
We continue without news of him.
The doctor told me that it was good.
I became a grandfather at fifty five.
I got used to the heat.
They asked for more.
I wonder if they are going to do that.
I'm Belgian, what about you?
We're a team, aren't we?
There's no more red wine.
You talk too fast and I can't understand everything you say.
I will never talk to them about my father again.
Is anyone here interested in learning Dutch?
Should people's names be translated or not?
A thousand people came to the party.
I didn't understand anything they said.
The actress looked at the camera for a brief moment.
This is a vase.
We did not manage to find Mary's house.
I will not go Tanzania anymore.
I need to buy a Bible.
Everyone, this is Thiago and he is going to study with us from now on. Be nice to him.
Each of his works is well-crafted.
I think she's happy.
It's 1am; time to go home.
I will never talk to you about my friends again.
Do you want to use my cellphone?
Did you get a reply?
They've lost touch with reality.
You are very kind, ma'am.
I missed the train!
I have three brothers, what about you?
His son died and now he's dead.
There are words with a grave accent.
Do not mistake wine for grape juice.
In Greek mythology, Hipnos is the god of sleep, twin brother of Thanatos, god of death.
You seem quite confident.
Eighty is an undeclinable number.
Hit him with your head!
I fight for my life.
I need more wine.
The new library opened in a place near the old building, in the old neighborhood of Bascarsija.
"Only now, after ten years, I finally understood what Tom meant on that occasion. I must call him right now!" "Mom, it's too late at night."
Why don't you want your wife to know?
Eight hundredth, nine hundredth and one thousandth are ordinal numbers.
Who is the most popular state leader in Latin America?
There were a lot of people in the bedroom.
The answer did not please him.
Compared to us, they are only children, but they have such a strong spirit.
Don't blame us!
I can't see your son.
Is she Dutch?
May we talk in private?
He translated the New Testament from Greek.
Life is a gathering of good and bad memories.
In the end, I gave up.
You've never loved your brother.
I met your Arabic teacher.
A blank CD costs less than one real.
I've been sleeping poorly on my new bed.
Three days ago, a group of evil-doers kidnapped me, but I managed to escape.
It's important to know how to appreciate the beautiful aspects of life.
"Do you have a girlfriend?" "Yes, I do."
She will be happy to see you again.
Forget the past.
The fire started in the machine room.
He is going to fall.
Cut it with a knife!
Cardboard boxes are not very resistant, but much cheaper.
I can't drink beer.
It hasn't been this hot in decades.
I found what you said about global warming fascinating.
Orpheus was the disciple of Linus.
He ran away as soon as he saw the police.
The city of Rio de Janeiro was once the capital of Brazil.
Why haven't you manifested yet?
He speaks Mandarin.
My son likes playing chess.
Change your attitude.
I'm disappointed with your girlfriends.
I'm disappointed with your friends.
Do you think Maria is going to do that?
Whoever does not believe in God, does not believe in anything else.
Even so, I'm still not convinced.
He loves this girl for her beauty and kindness.
Tom saved a bird which had fallen from its nest.
Where did you learn Mandarin?
Her ambition was to become a doctor.
Tom saved a bird that had fallen from its nest.
Let me see the list.
Who left the TV on?
It has been there.
He has complained about a stomach ache for a long time, but when he finally decided to go to the hospital, it was already too late.
He could not understand what she meant.
The portrait of warrior is highlighted in that huge painting.
Studying Arabic is my hobby.
Will they make a lot of money?
Call her now, man!
This is the picture she took of Tom's house.
Do you confirm or do you deny it?
I need to fix the door.
Be careful when traversing the country.
Jacaranda is the name of a tree.
The man didn't want to go walking all they way, so he took a bus.
Why did you expect to see Kangaroos in Australia?
This is a ship.
I renounce everything as long as I can be with you.
My boss is from Israel.
I have two sisters.
Why don't you go back home?
The elderly must be respected.
She's from Scotland.
I think I should call her.
Light behaves either as a wave, either as a beam of particles.
"Can I borrow your car?" "No fucking way."
Spanish and Portuguese are similar only when written.
I don't need her anymore.
I'm an American.
Do you want to be a great ruler? Rule over yourself.
Do you refuse to accept this reality?
Have you seen my Italian dictionary?
Pay attention to what you write.
The principal said every student will be punished if the culprit does not reveal themselves.
I'm afraid of kissing her.
How is your ship called?
She fainted after seeing a tiger.
Lions are mad animals.
I ask you not to interfere.
Air is made of oxygen and nitrogen.
The lake was like a mirror.
It's his house.
The house is his.
The ostrich is the biggest of all birds.
We didn't want to go to Russia.
This will cost me my life.
Rock on!
I live in São Paulo, but I travel to Rio de Janeiro almost every week.
This is the end of all.
There I've met a Russian priest who was travelling with his family.
He would do anything for her.
I hope to see you again someday.
I want to meet with you to discuss the matter.
Tom spent the past three years in prison.
I want to be the best person I possibly can be.
Tom stepped outside to smoke a cigarette.
I want to go to college, but I can't afford to.
Tom thought he was having a heart attack.
Tom thought that he was having a heart attack.
I want to be the best person that I possibly can be.
Air is primarily made up of nitrogen and oxygen.
I want to be a police officer when I grow up.
Tom needs to decide what's right for him.
I want to help, but I'm not exactly sure how.
Tom remembered what had happened to Mary.
I want to know what you're planning on doing.
Tom saw Mary being kissed by another man.
I want to know when you'll be going to Boston.
Tom spent the night at his grandparents'.
What is the difference between dictatorship and monarchy?
I want to know if you have any time to help.
Tom left the room for just three minutes.
I want you to pay back the money you owe me.
Tom named his first son after his father.
I want you to pay back the money that you owe me.
Tom has some good ideas that he wants to tell you about.
Tom was the only one that was studying when I entered the classroom.
We're not going to give Tom the money that he asked for.
We aren't going to give Tom the money that he asked for.
We aren't going to give Tom the money he asked for.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the computer that he wants.
Tom said he and Mary would be at home tonight.
I haven't eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
It's unlikely Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
Tom and John both said that they were in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John said that they were in love with Mary.
Tom and Mary both know that it wasn't John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know that it wasn't John who did that.
I was born in the former GDR.
She forgot she'd promised to call him last night.
I think that it must've been Tom who sent Mary that note.
This is the kind of program Tom likes to watch.
Tom didn't think Mary would actually carry out her threat.
I just heard Tom and Mary are moving to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want her to do that anymore.
I think that we should consider Tom's offer a little more carefully.
Do you really think that I'd rather live in Boston than Chicago?
Isn't it possible Tom was the one who did this?
French is one of the languages that I've always wanted to learn.
I don't know why I even thought that you might consider helping.
I knew that I was wasting my time trying to convince Tom.
Tom made sure his children ate everything on their plates.
This is one of the dictionaries that I told you about yesterday.
I have a feeling that something very special is going to happen.
I just don't want to have people thinking that I'm not sociable.
Tom didn't buy the dress that Mary wanted him to buy her.
How do you deflate this vest?
How do you deflate this floaty.
What genre of music do you like the most?
"Diversity is a part of quality, isn't it?" "It depends on what it is about. About a part or the whole thing."
Today I have been unclean.
Whenever you have been unclean you have to perform a full ablution and be cleaned.
We will be here for the rest of our lives.
I have no idea where she can be.
I have no idea where he can be.
We have been here all our lives.
No one knows me like my brother does.
I'm Skura's Berber teacher.
It makes me smile every time I see this picture.
We knew she had a life outside her family.
We need to uncover her secret life.
She left a message on Skura's phone.
Skura was just another friend in Taninna's life.
She found a chewing-gum wrapper on the floor.
Oh, it's done now.
Just don't tell anyone else what I said.
Be friendly whenever possible. It is always possible.
My parents usually go to bed after lunch.
I don't look my age. My brother either.
Tom is a physics major.
He advised me to stay away from those people.
Translating for Tatoeba is a good way to spend your free time.
Translating for Tatoeba is a good way of spending your leisure time.
Tom has decided to choose physics as his major.
It's raining, which is why I don't want to go out.
It is raining and therefore I don't want to go out.
I had some heavy food and I have heartburn now.
This is grist to his mill.
I'm not trying to scare you.
I just want to make sure that you're prepared for this.
I just want to make sure that you're prepared.
It was the most frightening experience I have ever had.
It was the most frightening experience that Tom had ever had.
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary?
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary that?
Can you ask Mary to ask Alice?
Can you ask Mary to ask Alice to ask Kate?
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary to ask Alice?
Tom seriously considered it.
Tom seriously considered Mary's proposal.
"Do you know where Tom is?" "I am Tom!" replied Tom.
Can I be candid with you?
You have been candid with me, so I will be candid with you.
You have been honest with me, so I will be honest with you.
You helped me, so I will help you.
You have helped me, so I will help you.
Always be on guard.
Always be aware of your surroundings.
He's really fascinating.
She's really fascinating.
Tom is really fascinating.
Mary found Tom fascinating.
Tom is the most charming man I have ever met.
You know how much I care for you.
I suggested that we go somewhere else.
What is the ideal outside temperature for you? For me, it is about 20°C.
He wasn't getting on well in his job, so he quit.
It is advisable to eat more raw food.
Context is important for the right translation.
Some people have switched to raw food.
Raw food isn't for everyone.
People who eat raw food are called fruitarians.
Can you imagine being a fruitarian?
The children are still awake, even though it is midnight.
Despite being midnight, the children are still up.
I have just missed my bus and there is no next one.
People disappear without leaving a trace anywhere in the world.
Tom has unknowingly broken a few hearts.
Tom had unknowingly broken a few hearts.
Tom has unknowingly broken more than a few hearts.
Tom had unknowingly broken more than a few hearts.
Tom bragged to his friend.
Tom bragged to his friend about it.
Tom bragged to his friends.
Tom bragged to his friends about it.
This is Tom's seminal work.
What kinds of movies do you like?
Tom fled to Canada during the war.
Tom fled to Canada before the war.
Have you seen the trailer for that new movie?
Have you seen the trailer?
Tom is a know-it-all.
Tom was forced to admit that he had been wrong.
In fact, my best friend is my brother.
My best friend is in fact my elder brother.
With my older elder brother I'm not in touch, but with the other one I meet every week.
I haven't met with my bro since he has been living in Canada.
His father passed away.
I drank a cup of coffee.
You drank a cup of coffee.
We drank a cup of coffee.
Chabha did not understand anything.
Whenever I see her, I'm reminded of her mother.
This clear liquid is poisonous.
A child, at any age, should honor and respect his or her parents.
He did not arrive on time.
All the lights in the building went out in an instant.
Upon arriving at the airport, I called her.
The train is about to arrive here.
We have room for three others.
A cuckold is a person who shares a bosom with at least one other person.
One can sacrifice oneself for one's own ideas, but not for the foolishness of others.
The success of others annoys me, but far less so than if it were deserved.
A large red fish swims in the water.
I swim in the river.
She clung to life like a cat on a curtain.
He painted the painting hanging on the wall.
That's not even close to being true.
This is a travesty!
This is a travesty.
That's a travesty!
You are welcome at my place.
At my place, we drink a lot of beer.
Tom does not believe that Mary is home.
When I'm in Paris, I stay at a friend's place.
The Arctic is the region around the North Pole.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in more than a year.
I ate a couple of peanut butter sandwiches.
Tom is a completely different person now.
I want a full report by this time tomorrow.
Tom is accustomed to getting his own way.
I want to help, but I'm too busy right now.
Tom is actually a very easy-going person.
I want to know if I can come over and play.
Tom is anxious about his mother's health.
I want to know what's going to happen next.
Tom is babysitting Mary's three children.
I want you to get here as soon as possible.
Tom is on the telephone, talking to Mary.
I want to ask you about your trip to Boston.
Tom is outgoing and has a lot of friends.
Tom is too young to have a grandchildren.
I want to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom is working at a restaurant in Boston.
I want to find an apartment close to school.
Tom isn't interested in things like that.
Have you seen any of the Harry Potter movies?
Valentine climbed a high tree to look around.
I imagine the whole thing in the following way: ...
Can I have it, Tom?
This world is controlled by malevolent forces.
I wish that I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Boston with him.
I wish that I hadn't promised Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
Tom peeped in the window and saw Mary was still sleeping.
They say that you can usually judge people by the company that they keep.
They say you can usually judge people by the company that they keep.
They say that you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
Tom's mother told him he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Let's just make sure that this is what we're supposed to be doing.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes Tom wears.
I can't believe that you really want to live here all by yourself.
Tom said the box was too heavy to lift by himself.
Tom told Mary she was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever met.
I owed Tom some money for some things that he bought for me.
What's the best way to tell someone you don't like them?
I'm beginning to think that there's nothing we can do to help Tom.
I can't believe Tom is the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
The doctor said Tom didn't have to stay in the hospital.
I think that it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I never thought that I would have to support such a large family.
I never thought that it'd be this easy to hack into your website.
I wish that I had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down.
There must be lots of places in Boston that you haven't seen yet.
It was unseasonably hot in Boston the last time that I was there.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary do that.
I think that it's about time that I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think that it's about time I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think it's about time that I had a serious talk with Tom.
Do you expect me to believe that you did this without any help?
It's one of the most difficult things that I've ever had to do.
Tom told me that you think that I had something to do with this.
Tom told me you think that I had something to do with this.
Tom told me that you think I had something to do with this.
I just don't want you to do something that you'll be sorry for.
We now have all the evidence that we need to convict Tom Jackson.
Fear is one of the worst emotions there is.
I don't like the same kind of TV shows Tom does.
Who did Tom say that he was going to go to Australia with?
Why didn't you tell me that you were planning to go to Boston?
Tom knew that he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom knew that he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom didn't realize that Mary wasn't going to be able to do that.
I think that we'll all feel better once we get a little sleep.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she was going to go to Boston.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she was going to go to Boston.
I don't think that you should do what Tom asked you to do.
Don't forget to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I still have the sweater that you gave me when I was thirteen.
I still have the sweater you gave me when I was thirteen years old.
I still have the sweater that you gave me when I was thirteen years old.
Both of the songs we sang tonight were written by Tom.
I wish that I could figure out how to convince Tom to stay.
Here's a list of things we need to do before Monday.
That man that's standing over there next to the maple tree is Tom.
Tom never thought that he'd be able to do what he just did.
I thought that I told you not to buy anything from that store.
One thing that I don't like about Tom is that he's always late.
Tom didn't eat any of the cookies Mary baked for him.
I was hoping that I could go back to the beach next weekend.
Tom decided that the best thing to do was to go to Boston.
I bet that you're going to tell me that you're too tired to help.
I bet you're going to tell me that you're too tired to help.
I bet that you're going to tell me you're too tired to help.
I'm not certain that Tom is the one that I need to worry about.
I'm not certain Tom is the one that I need to worry about.
I'm not certain that Tom is the one I need to worry about.
Common sense tells me this isn't the way to do it.
Tom showed me some pictures that he took when he was in Boston.
I think that you should go to Boston to be with your family.
Tom has already been told he doesn't need to do that.
Do you think that we'll be able to do this without any help?
I think that was one of the best movies that I've ever seen.
Tom made it clear he didn't want to work for us.
Tom knew Mary wanted him to ask her to the prom.
I want to make sure that we have enough time to finish this.
Do you think that I should tell Tom what you just told me?
I haven't done any of the things that you've asked me to do.
Do you think that Tom will like the gift I bought for him?
Do you think that Tom will like the gift that I bought for him?
Do you think Tom will like the gift that I bought for him?
I'm sure that Tom had a good reason for doing what he did.
I'm going to tell them I won't be there on time.
Tom is the only one in our family that likes to swim.
I know for sure Tom moved to Boston a year ago.
I just came by to tell you I'm moving to Boston.
Was your name on the list of names that I gave you before?
Do you expect me to believe that you did this on your own?
Do you expect me to believe that you did this by yourself?
Tom lied when he told Mary he'd won the race.
Tom has been hanging out with a woman that's half his age.
I hear Tom has been hanging out with an older woman.
Tom never told me that he wanted to go to Boston with us.
I don't study as much as my parents tell me that I should.
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that for us?
I wish that I had the will power to stop eating junk food.
Tom did neither of the two things that I asked him to do.
I should've known that it was going to be a waste of time.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to do that tomorrow.
My guess is Tom isn't going to want to do that.
Tom is the one who told me Mary didn't like me.
Our neighbor has just come back.
Our neighbour has just come back.
Tom claims that he knows the value of pi to a thousand places.
You look a lot like someone that I used to know in Boston.
Do you think that Tom would mind if I came with you guys?
Why do you think that Tom wasn't able to pass his driving test?
Tom put new pedals on the bicycle he rides to school.
I think that it would be better to do this some other way.
Why didn't Tom tell us he was going to be late?
I wish that we were doing the same thing that Tom is doing.
Can you tell me how you found out Tom did that?
Tom doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car that he wants.
Tom said it didn't take him so long to do that.
I have a long list of stuff that I want to throw away.
Tom was the one that taught Mary how to milk a cow.
Is it true Tom can't see out of his left eye?
There are a lot of people that want to talk to Tom.
I think you and I'd better have a talk with Tom.
I think that you and I'd better have a talk with Tom.
How did you figure out Tom was the one that did it?
I still have a lot of questions that I want to ask you.
Tom asked me if I had a black tie that he could borrow.
I told Tom he should try to do it by himself.
I made a list of things that I needed to bring with me.
I have a lot of friends that I want to visit in Boston.
Tom is the only one who's likely to be able to help you.
I'm sure that we can figure out a way to get this done.
Tom told Mary he was going to try to do that.
Tom told Mary he was going to give her a car.
I wish that I hadn't eaten the sandwich that Tom made for me.
I don't think that Tom will do what we asked him to do.
Skura? That's a Berber name.
"What's your name?" "Skura." "Are there many Skuras in your village?"
She is quite an excellent cook.
Just remember that Skura is a girl.
Skura is a girl.
She looks wonderful in this Kabyle dress.
What a lovely Kabyle dress.
You have got to listen to me.
Just listen to me, please.
They admired her Kabyle dress.
Don't come around this office.
Skura bought this Kabyle dress from a shopping mall.
“Where are you going tomorrow?” - “Into Northern Ireland.”
Algeria wants to move its capital to Boughezoul.
Algeria wants to move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul.
Algeria is building a new capital city in Boughezoul.
Boughezoul will be Algeria's future capital.
Algeria's future capital is Boughezoul.
Algeria is building its new capital in Boughezoul.
Boughezoul is Algeria's future capital.
Boughezoul is Algeria's future capital city.
Which season do you like best?
If you wish for a happy future, you have to imagine it.
They speak Berber amongst themselves.
We just laugh at racists.
Racists have nothing in life.
These racists are ignorant.
Racists are ignorant people.
This group of racists can barely put a sentence together.
I just smile in the face of a racist person.
A racist is primarily an ignorant person.
This group of racists are ignorant people.
These racists can barely put a sentence together in their own language and they'd insult people for disagreeing with them.
There is no such a thing as scientific racism. You're either a scientist or an ignorant person.
Racism and science are an oxymoron.
You can't be a linguist and a racist at the same time.
Racism and linguistics don't go together.
Racist hatred and linguistics don't go together.
A linguist can't be racist. Only pseudo-linguists that are blinded by certain ideologies can be both at the same time.
Science and ideology don't go together.
Linguistics and racist ideology don't go together.
Linguistics is science. Racism is ideology. Science and ideology don't go together.
I understand every Berber word you say.
I have heard about racism.
I have never experienced racism directly.
I have never experienced racism firsthand.
The racists were very condescending.
Both of my parents were born in Algeria. I'm Algerian.
These racists are ignorant on the topic of dialectology.
That was my first experience of being insulted by racists.
The racists like to belittle anyone who is against their ideas.
The racists like to belittle anyone who is against their hateful ideology.
Everyone knows you're racists.
Everyone knows you're racist thugs.
Everyone knows you're racist punks.
He's a rude racist idiot.
She's a rude racist bitch.
Everyone knows that you're a bunch of rude racists.
Everyone knows that you're just a bunch of rude racists.
Never come back here.
This all racist.
I have racist neighbors.
The racists were trying to avoid eye contact with me.
These racists are rude to everyone.
When will Algeria start to move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria relocate its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
The idea of moving Algeria's capital to Boughezoul has been in discussion for decades.
The seat of the Algerian government is in Algiers.
Algiers is Algeria's official capital.
Algeria will relocate its capital to Boughezoul.
Berber will become a valuable language in North Africa.
I felt isolated and unwelcome amongst those racists.
We need to perfect our Berber language skills.
We organized parties around Yennayer, the Berber New Year.
You're being treated unfairly.
They traded with the surrounding towns and islands.
They hid escaped black slaves in the attic.
Slavery never ended. It still exists in various forms.
"We've been slaves of banks for fifteen years", said Tom.
Do you take selfies?
I never know when to use the formal or informal second-person pronoun.
All day long I tried to memorize a Japanese sentence.
Offensive behaviour can result from an inferiority complex.
Tom likes olive oil.
Tom bought some extra-virgin olive oil.
I'm tired of tidying up after you.
Olive oil is perishable.
This oil is rancid.
This oil has a rancid taste.
Tom made a Greek salad.
Tom poured some olive oil on the salad.
Mary often brags about her children.
Mary often brags about her children's accomplishments.
Tom often brags about his children.
How can I tell if someone likes me?
Technology has made it easier for people to communicate.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to talk to her.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to talk to Mary.
The Canadian tennis player Bianca Andreescu won the U.S. open.
Generation Z, America’s youngest generation, is well on course to eclipse older generations in size and social impact.
Spanning the years and 2012, Gen Zers are the first generation to be born into digital technology.
Gen Zers have unique mental health issues, are more diverse than previous generations and have left-leaning political beliefs.
Unlike older generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and unfettered accessibility of information, Gen Z was born into new technology and has been defined by it more than any other.
The iPhone launched in 2007.
“The iPhone launched in 2007, when the oldest Gen Zers were 10. By the time they were in their teens, the primary means by which young Americans connected with the web was through mobile devices, Wi-Fi and high-bandwidth cellular service,” Dimock wrote.
Gen Z is the most racially and ethnically diverse generation in history, with 48% in being nonwhite.
Another aspect that distinguishes Gen Z from others is mental health.
Depression and suicide rates for youth continue to rise, hitting its highest peak since World War II in 2017.
Factors contributing to increased depression and suicide rates for Gen Z include social media use, issues that play negatively in the news such as climate change, immigration and mass shootings, and a greater willingness of families and officials to acknowledge suicide as a cause of death.
There are million Gen Zers in the U.S.
Gen Zers are projected to be about 10% of the voting population in 2020.
An undated photo shows a shadowy shape that some people say is the Loch Ness monster in Scotland.
Scotland's fabled Loch Ness Monster might most likely be a giant eel, a study of samples of DNA in the lake's murky waters has found.
Neil Gemmell, a geneticist from the University of Otago in New Zealand, led the study that tried to catalog all living species in the lake by extracting DNA from water samples.
Let him wait.
Let her wait.
We can't exclude the possibility that there's a giant eel in Loch Ness, but we don't know whether these samples we've collected are from a giant beast or just an ordinary one — so there's still this element of "we just don't know."
We can't exclude the possibility that there's a giant eel in Loch Ness.
The study did rule out the possibility that Nessie, the favorite of folklore, is a long-necked ancient reptile called a plesiosaur. The study also rejected speculations that it might be a Greenland shark or a giant sturgeon.
The first written record of the Loch Ness monster relates to the Irish monk St. Columba, who is said to have banished a "water beast" to the depths of the River Ness in the 6th century.
Thousands have tried to photograph or capture the elusive monster since.
The most famous picture of Nessie, known as the "surgeon's photo," shows a head with a long neck emerging from the water.
The picture was later revealed to be a hoax involving a toy submarine outfitted with a sea-serpent head.
Gen Zers are the first digital natives.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
She is alone.
Gen Zers are finding the world of advanced technology and constant connectivity both helpful and hurtful.
Some students, like 19-year-old Mary Liebers of Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota, said technological innovations such as YouTube and other digital tools can be beneficial in accessing information, but harmful as a distraction.
“I think (technology) has been a really good tool for doing research, and having all sorts of information at my fingertips has helped me be proactive in my learning in some ways,” Liebers said.
“I also think that social media, specifically, has taken away from my education, in that I have spent so much time on it when I could have been doing other, more beneficial things,” she added.
Technology has afforded Gen Zers different learning styles and tools.
In August 2018, education publisher Pearson reported that 59% of Gen Zers preferred using YouTube, compared with 55% of millennials, the generation that preceded them.
Only 47% of Gen Z said they preferred learning on paper books, compared with 60% of millennials.
Technology has also increased depression and suicide, and changed how Gen Zers perceive themselves.
Earlier generations did not have technology that delivered gratification or disappointment as immediately as digital delivery of information does today.
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Online and social media also allow Gen Zers to shut out the outside world and live within online communities and echo chambers
Depression and suicide rates have increased in the past years across the U.S., and in particular among America’s youth.
One factor often attributed to the rise in depression and suicide rates among Gen Zers is their unique connection with technology.
Social media has provided Gen Zers an intense connectivity with the world around them, but somehow, according to a survey, they are still the loneliest.
Gen Z had the highest score on the UCLA Loneliness Scale, which has been the standard measurement for studying loneliness since 1978.
In 2017, the latest year for which federal data are available, more than in Americans ages to experienced a major depressive episode, the study found.
Climate change and global warming are looming over the heads of Gen Zers, who will largely be the ones who will deal with the effects.
Gun violence is another crucial issue for Gen Zers.
He's from Somalia.
There has been a cultural shift in how people think and talk about depression and suicide in the past few decades, which has increased reporting.
He said that?
It’s traditionally been the case that generations get more conservative as they get older.
Gen Zers are coming of age during a time when the U.S. and the global population are increasingly hearing about and experiencing the effects of climate change and global warming.
“Given current concentrations and ongoing emissions of greenhouse gases, it is likely that by the end of this century ... the world’s oceans will warm and ice melt will continue,” according to the U.N. climate report.
Average sea level rise is predicted as 24-cm by and 40-cm by 2100.
Most aspects of climate change will persist for many centuries even if emissions are stopped.
“I think we’re going to be a very different country in this century than we were in the last century, and largely because of this younger generation and their racial diversity, and their different attitudes about social issues,” Frey said.
Over the next years, Generation Z will grow in size and racial diversity to tip today’s minority population into a majority.
“The fact that white children under have already become a minority in their age group puts an exclamation point on the fact that the nation’s diversity is percolating from the ‘bottom up’ as the white population ages,” Frey said.
Charles Leclerc won the Italian Grand Prix.
Hard work is the attribute all Americans value the most with 89% of respondents saying it’s a very important quality.
Hard work is the attribute all Americans value the most with 89% of respondents saying it’s a very important quality. Tolerance for others, financial security and self-fulfillment also topped the list.
Overall, about half of people — 48% — say religion is very important to them, down from percent in 1998.
While 67% of older Americans view religion or a belief in God as very important, just 30% of the younger group felt the same.
When it comes to having children, 43% say it’s very important. That’s down from years ago, when 59% of people said that becoming a parent was very important.
Mary dragged Tom onto the dance floor.
Tom dragged Mary onto the dance floor.
Tom's movements were stiff and awkward.
This club lets girls in for free.
This club offers girls free drinks.
This club lets girls in for free and offers them free drinks.
The bouncer refused to let Tom in.
The bouncer refused to let Tom and his friends in.
The bouncer allowed Mary to skip the line.
The doorman refused to let Tom in.
The doorman refused to let Tom into the club.
The bouncer refused to let Tom into the club.
Tom doesn't like clubs.
Tom doesn't drink alcohol.
Tom added jalapeno peppers to his sandwich.
Tom went clubbing.
Tom and his friends went clubbing.
Tom went to Giza.
Tom and Mary went to Giza to see the pyramids.
Tom went to Giza to see the pyramids.
Tom injured his knee.
Mary caught Tom's eye.
A cute girl caught Tom's eye.
A cute girl caught Tom's eye at the party.
Olive oil is extracted from olives.
Tom likes olives.
This olive tree is very old.
Good evening
Tom blew out his knee.
Tom injured his right knee.
Tom injured his left knee.
He has got company for dinner tonight.
He's awake.
What is he trying to do?
He was asleep.
Where is he going to be sitting?
He hasn't asked her yet.
He was going to a party.
He reminds her of a boyfriend she once had.
He's looking himself in the mirror.
He was walking down the street.
She looked gorgeous in that Kabyle dress.
Hold the bottles like this.
Tom is one year shy of retirement.
Tom was one year shy of retirement.
He's here to check the air conditioner.
Tom is one year away from retirement.
He says he's here to check the air conditioner.
Tom was one year away from retirement.
He doesn't expect anything.
He's going to sleep.
He's too tired to walk.
He's too upset to sleep.
He doesn't want to disturb you.
He only studied for four years in Algeria.
He doesn't like chicken.
He knew that.
He knew this.
He thanked them all.
He's going to sing.
What's he going to sing?
They are always together.
He was searching for wood.
He played the banjo for his guests.
He can play the banjo.
He got mad.
I don't think he was listening.
He's absolutely right.
He's a million miles away.
He lost her.
He's coming over to play.
He's coming to your house.
He's coming to my house.
He will show you.
He drew it with an orange crayon.
He held the picture up and showed it to the class.
Those are his pictures.
His ice cream is good.
He likes your ice cream so much.
He will always be our favorite artist.
I think he knows that.
He can't play soccer because of the rain.
He drew a picture of his mother.
He hasn't decided yet.
He doesn't use these crayons.
He put his crayons in the middle of the table.
He sat by the window.
He drew another picture.
He's drawing another picture.
He drew a picture of his dog.
They belong to him.
He can do cartwheels, too.
Why did he say that?
He could show you that again.
He wanted to talk to you.
He copied me.
He learned to draw.
He likes playing soccer with his friends.
He doesn't want you to get hurt.
He let his children play with us.
He has to help her do everything.
He looks after her.
What he's doing is too hard.
He stayed close to me.
He has to stay close to me.
He wac climbing the monkey bars.
He has a little brother.
He kept an eye on her.
He showed her what to do.
He grabbed the bar.
He's watching.
He's a good climber.
He's a natural climber.
He doesn't need me to show him how to climb.
He's the best climber in town.
He plays marbles.
He showed her how to play marbles.
He plays marbles every day.
He did it the way I did it.
He has never played marbles before.
He showed us how he did that.
He's a quick learner.
He wants to play hide-and-seek.
He has never played in these woods.
He knows these woods like the back of his hand.
He didn't need any help from you at all.
I told him not to beat the dog.
He threw the ball to me.
He threw the ball to them.
He's scared.
He can swim even faster than a fish.
He visited his granny.
He gave her swimming lessons.
He can come again.
He is my new friend.
He doesn't shake hands.
He's going to Algeria.
He can go home.
Does he know how to do this?
He would be happy to help.
He would be glad to help.
He would be happy to help you.
He can make his sandwich however he likes.
He has never canoed before.
He learned all about canoeing.
He knows how to paddle a canoe.
He doesn't know anything about canoeing.
He held the paddle still in the water.
He's gaining on us.
He showed me how to canoe.
He wants to learn.
That's what he's here for.
He will be going on a bird watching expedition.
He's interested in dinosaurs.
He's looking for birds.
He's studying birds.
He has a feather collection.
He borrowed Skura's feather collection.
He's looking for a tree to build a new tree house.
Fish where the fish are.
Fish where there are fish.
He didn't recognize that bird.
You need to fish where the fish are.
He's interested in extinct birds.
He's not careful.
You've got to fish where the fish are.
If you want to catch fish, you need to fish where the fish are.
We had a lot of fun doing it.
I had a lot of fun doing it.
Tom had a lot of fun doing it.
I had a lot of fun doing it, so I want to do it again.
Tom had a lot of fun going to the amusement park.
I'm sorry that's how you feel.
Do you want to come and hang out?
Tom is having a potluck.
Tom and Mary are having a potluck.
Tom got really emotional.
Mary got really emotional.
Do you want to come to my apartment and hang out?
Tom breathed into the breathalyzer.
Tom is on a road trip.
Tom went on a road trip around Europe.
Tom and Mary went on a road trip around Europe.
Tom has a secret Instagram account.
Tom has an Instagram account.
Tom has a second Instagram account.
Tom has a large following on Instagram.
Tom is popular on Instagram.
Mary is popular on Instagram.
Tom is an Instagram celebrity.
He can't build a house here.
He needs to find another tree.
He built a tree house in this tree.
He needs to stop her.
He will do something.
He has to go talk to the priest.
Tom uses Spotify.
He's traveling and won't be back for a week.
He wants the car.
He may be right.
He may be right, you know.
He wants to build a tree house.
He's building a new house.
This has happened to me too.
He helped me build this house.
This happened to me too.
This has happened to me too!
He helped us build this house.
Tom went on a road trip across Canada.
Tom and Mary went on a road trip across Canada.
Tom went on a road trip across Australia.
Tom went on a road trip across the United States.
Tom went on a road trip across Europe.
The printer is jammed.
The printer jammed.
Tom went on a road trip with a friend.
Tom got Mary's autograph.
I got his autograph!
I got Tom's autograph!
Tom asked Mary for her autograph.
I advised them to take the wrong route.
Tom is besotted with Mary.
He was besotted with her.
She was besotted with him.
Does this have gelatine in it?
I don't eat gelatine.
Tom danced awkwardly.
Tom drove all day.
She did her best.
I don't think there's even one person.
They operated on me 'till life or death.
This door is always in the shadow.
The ring is on the ring finger.
The rest of the morning I will dedicate to shopping.
But, what happened?
Your hair is ugly.
I will see what I'm doing.
The reward is a job well done.
Electric motors don't create pollution.
I think you will like living there.
I'm not sad now.
Whoever comes first, will win.
You should thank the man for everything he did for you.
That is a symptom of the illness.
Someone asked you something.
I regret not paying attention.
Tomorrow I start working.
You should already be in bed.
My bosses are my clients.
He is a great speaker.
On the electric towel rail, the towel dries instantly.
Today is the last day of the year.
Be smart and don't get tricked.
They don't pay me overtime.
They asked me for my student ID card to take the exam.
She goes third.
He must have loved her a great deal.
Tom must have loved her a great deal.
Tom loved her a great deal.
Tom loved Mary a great deal.
Your seat is here.
Tom held Mary in his hands.
There's a beautiful meadow behind the house.
There's a beautiful wildflower meadow behind the house.
Joséphine had a passion for roses.
There's a rose garden behind the house.
Tom has a rose garden.
Tom gave Mary a rose.
I always put my suitcase in a safe place so that it cannot be stolen.
Tom grows rhubarb.
Napoléon was Joséphine's second husband.
Joséphine's first husband was guillotined during the French Revolution.
Paris is a romantic city.
He offered his seat to an elderly woman.
This project was a mistake from the beginning.
Mary leads a glamorous life.
Mary leads a glamorous life in Paris.
Everything seems hard in the beginning.
Tom snuffed the candle.
Tom snuffed the candles.
Tom became resentful.
Tom was the ideal husband.
Tom is the ideal husband.
Tom seemed like the ideal husband.
Mary was the ideal wife.
Mary is the ideal wife.
Mary seemed like the ideal wife.
The chateau was requisitioned by the Germans.
Where do the buses headed downtown leave from?
The chateau was requisitioned by the Allies.
The garden was in ruins.
The garden had not been cared for in years.
The house was in shambles.
Tom restored the garden to its former glory.
Tom cleaned up the garden.
Tom and Mary cleaned up the garden.
Tom planted flowers.
Tom and Mary planted flowers.
Tom and Mary planted vegetables.
Tom and Mary planted carrots.
Tom planted some carrots.
Vegetables love the sun.
Tom planted some lavender.
Tom got his hands dirty.
Tom planted a row of carrots.
Tom germinated the seeds in small pots.
Tom germinated the seeds in small pots before planting them.
These flowers like the sun.
These flowers love the sun.
Sunflowers obviously love the sun.
The turnips are ready to harvest.
The carrots are ready to harvest.
The pumpkins are almost ready to harvest.
Tom always buys local produce.
Tom's hopes were dashed.
Tom's hopes were dashed instantly.
Guillaume has brought me this book.
My house has an orchard.
She sleeps with him.
Here's your dinner.
Mary's hopes were dashed instantly.
She wakes up at the same time as him.
Swiftness is sublime, slowness superb.
"Do frogs have kidneys?" "No, but they do have hearts."
There was no news of Tom.
There was no news of Mary.
Only 30% of the Irish population speaks Irish.
She does the housework with him.
A dog is more loyal than a cat.
The bus should be arriving soon.
You haven't been told what they wrote in that letter.
Mary did her makeup.
The greatest sin against the human mind is to believe things without proof.
While I was home sick, I read a book about philosophy.
He opened all the gas valves and lay down on the bed.
She sits with him.
An artist is a sheep far from the flock.
This ugly yellow reminds me of your bed sheet.
If you do not understand, ask.
Anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at bottom the light appears.
The anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at the bottom appears the light.
How much did you have to pay to get your car fixed?
He behaved as though he were king.
My father forbids my having a dog.
"I do not care about politics," is like saying: "I do not care about life."
I only enter the civil war halfway. I would gladly die, but I do not want to kill.
If we built the house of happiness, the largest room would be the waiting room.
We are on this earth to laugh. In hell, you no longer can. And in heaven, it would be unseemly.
The number of crimes grows.
Learning takes time.
Tom has a long to-do list.
Mary is a working mom.
Mary is a working mother.
Mary is a working parent.
Tom is a working parent.
The kids are growing up really fast.
The children are growing up really fast.
Tom went to his son's school concert.
Tom went to his daughter's school concert.
Tom went to his son's soccer game.
That's above your pay grade.
That's above my pay grade.
Tom got involved in a fight after school.
I want to learn how to play the saxophone.
Tom has already introduced himself to me.
I'm not taking on anything else right now.
Tom got in trouble for telling the truth.
I want to know what you're planning to do.
Let's keep that to ourselves.
Tom's parents died in an automobile accident when he was three.
Everybody in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Nobody knew that it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
No one knew that it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
No one knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
Tom couldn't find Mary even though he said that he looked just about everywhere.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere Tom can't find them.
It's unlikely anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely anybody other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anybody other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
Tom finally realized Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom decided it wasn't necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
Tom certainly gave the impression he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
Tom just told me he doesn't plan to stay in Boston.
I think that I might be able to speak French better than Tom.
I wish that I could be the man you want me to be.
What makes you think that I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said that I was.
Tom seems to take it for granted he'll get the job.
I think that it's time for me to buy my son a car.
Tom knew that it was foolish to go out by himself after dark.
Are you saying that you don't want Tom to come to your party?
Tom gave Mary the money that she needed to pay off her debts.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that he'd lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary he'd lost all her money.
We need a butter knife.
We can't really be certain Tom will get on the baseball team.
I should've known that Tom would do something we didn't want him to do.
I should've known that Tom would do something that we didn't want him to do.
Can you honestly tell me that you didn't know this was going to happen?
I didn't realize the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I still don't have enough money to buy the motorcycle I want.
Did you know that there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
When are you going to tell Tom you want to get married?
Has Tom told Mary he doesn't really know how to speak French?
I don't think that Tom and Mary are going to be happy about that.
Open the window a little.
How come you didn't tell me that Tom was going to Boston with us?
Tom didn't have enough time to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom is rich enough to do just about anything that he wants to do.
I think that it'd be better if you didn't go drinking with Tom tonight.
I spent three weeks in this hospital when I was thirteen.
Tom ended up not buying the car that he was looking at last week.
Tom knew Mary didn't know John was going to marry Alice.
Tom knew Mary didn't know that John was going to marry Alice.
Tom knew that Mary didn't know John was going to marry Alice.
Tom knew he couldn't do what Mary was asking him to do.
I work, therefore I am.
Tom didn't know that he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
I wish that I could come up with a good answer to the question.
I wish that I could figure out how to convince Tom to help us.
Tom sensed that someone was behind him and turned to see who it was.
I used to think that it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
It looks like Tom has an alibi for the night that Mary was murdered.
Are you sure that you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Tom is the only one that would know the answer to that question.
Tom told Mary he grew up in a poor neighborhood in Boston.
Tom just told me he doesn't plan to take French next year.
I wish that we'd had time to visit you while we were in Boston.
Tom says that he wants to spend the rest of his life with you.
I drove here from Boston as soon as I heard that you needed me.
I wish that I could explain to you how important this is to me.
Why don't you just call Tom and tell him that you can't do it?
I know that the person in the next room is either Tom or Mary.
Tom wondered how Mary could be so sure she'd win the race.
Tom asked Mary to read him the letter that she had gotten from John.
Tom paid for his lunch with the money that his mother had given him.
How do you know that Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
Tom got Mary to scratch the part of his back that he couldn't reach.
Tom realized that it was useless to try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom did what he could in the short amount of time that he had.
Tom said he didn't have enough time to make his own lunch.
Tom says that he'll pay back all the money that he owes me before Monday.
Tom says he'll pay back all the money that he owes me before Monday.
Tom says that he'll pay back all the money he owes me before Monday.
I want everyone to know I'm not the one who did that.
I want everybody to know I'm not the one who did that.
How long do you think that it would take you to paint my house?
Tom knew he wasn't going to get home in time for dinner.
I wish that I could get Tom to show me how to do that.
Tom was the first one to realize Mary wanted to do that.
I told Tom I was way too busy to talk to him.
Tom realized that he was probably not going to be able to do that.
The last time that I saw Tom he was as drunk as a skunk.
I bent down to pick up a coin that I saw on the ground.
I wish that I could figure out how to get Tom to like me.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to do that.
Tell Tom I'm going to do that as soon as I can.
I was surprised when Tom told me that Mary didn't want to do that.
The only job that Tom has ever had is the one he has now.
The only job Tom has ever had is the one that he has now.
The only job that Tom has ever had is the one that he has now.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom gave Mary an envelope he wanted her to give to John.
I bet that I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
I'm sure that Tom will do that for you if you ask him to.
I have a long list of things that I have to do this week.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk the last time that I saw him.
I told you that I was going to do that.
I told you that I would do it.
I was the one that made Tom do that.
Tom didn't plan on running into anybody he knew.
Tom didn't plan on running into anyone that he knew.
Tom didn't plan on running into anybody that he knew.
Tom told Mary he didn't have enough money.
I'm sure that Tom understands what needs to be done.
I'm sure that Tom will explain it to you eventually.
I just hope that no one saw me do that.
I just hope that nobody saw me do that.
I just hope nobody saw me do that.
I wish that I could be as happy as you.
I wish that I could sing as well as Tom.
Tom didn't even notice that Mary was looking at him.
I have a report that I need to work on.
Tom says that he wants to buy a new car.
I wish that you'd let Tom come with us.
I was told that you knew how to do this.
I recognized some of the tunes Tom played.
I hope that Tom does everything that he's promised to do.
I hope Tom does everything that he's promised to do.
I hope that Tom does everything he's promised to do.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary lives.
I'm glad that I ran into the two of you.
Tom is the one that told me about it.
Tom is the one that told me about that.
I wish that Tom had asked us to help him.
I heard that you and Tom had a big fight.
Are you sure that this is how we get in?
I think that one of us ought to help Tom.
I wish that I could remember everything Tom told me.
When did you first notice Tom was missing?
Tom still has the knapsack that his father gave him.
Tom says that he's sorry that he caused you trouble.
When do you think that I can talk to Tom?
I've heard Tom has dropped out of college.
Did I tell you that I got my own office?
Tom wouldn't drink the cocktail that I made for him.
I have eaten poorly for a week.
I can't say that I'm sorry to see Tom go.
Tom has already been told that he shouldn't do that.
Tom is the only one that can help me.
I think that it's going to be a nice day.
I knew that there had to be a better way.
Tom gave me that a few years back.
I was hoping that you could do it for me.
I wish that you had told me when to come.
I think Tom has a thing for you.
It was the worst pain that Tom had ever experienced.
I have great confidence in the doctor.
I wish I'd helped Tom at that time.
I wish that I'd helped Tom at that time.
I'm glad that you showed me how to do it.
I wish that I had gone to Boston with Tom.
I'm sure that you'll find a way to do it.
My father is an alcoholic.
I hope that we can make it to your party.
I left some stuff that I need in the car.
This is really very easy.
I wish that we'd told Tom to come as well.
I wish that we'd told Tom to come, too.
It was Tom that told me you were sick.
This is the book that I want you to read.
I'm surprised that you and Tom don't like each other.
Are you sure that Tom will let us do that?
Don't you realize that everything Tom said was a lie?
I wish I could do more to help.
What makes you think Tom likes heavy metal?
Tom said it was time to go home.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will swim.
I hope that you like what I made for you.
I'm sure that Tom will be able to help us.
I'm sure that Tom will do a very nice job.
Tom was afraid the police might arrest him.
I'm the only one that had to do that.
Tom pretended he didn't know Mary was rich.
I think that I know where Tom hid his key.
Tom knew that he had to help Mary do that.
I heard Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I'm glad that you told me how to do that.
Are you sure that Tom is going to do that?
Death before dishonor.
Are you sure that it was Tom who did that?
Are you certain that it was Tom who did that?
I think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I'm sure that I won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that I can't do that.
I think you're the one who broke it.
I think that you're the one who broke it.
Both Tom and Mary wished that they were still single.
Tom and Mary both wished that they were still single.
I think that we need to go back to Boston.
I was so sure that this was what I wanted.
I know a place where we can get some money.
I know a place that we can get some money.
I'm not the one that told Tom to leave.
I wasn't the one that told Tom to leave.
Tom doesn't think that they'll permit you to do that.
What exactly is it that you want us to do?
What exactly is it that you want me to do?
He's right.
I'm not even sure that I want to help you.
How much for the coffee?
I said that I don't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't think that he's up to the job.
Tom doesn't think he's up to the job.
I told you that I wasn't going to call Tom.
Tell Tom that I'm working as fast as I can.
Tell Tom that it's not too late to sign up.
Tell Tom that it isn't too late to sign up.
I guess that it's too late to do that now.
I suppose that it's too late to do that now.
Do you think that I can get my money back?
The police think Tom's death was a suicide.
Is it true you were Tom's first girlfriend?
I never said that it was going to be easy.
I didn't say that it was going to be easy.
Don't tell me that you have a crush on Tom.
I wish that I knew what I was looking for.
I think that it's time we got out of here.
I think that I know where Tom put his keys.
I think that it's time to get out of here.
Do you really not know how to swim?
I suppose that I could find out who he is.
Tom is the only one that Mary will talk to.
Tom is the only one who Mary will talk to.
I think that it's way too late to do that.
I'm sure that it won't be easy to do that.
I'm sure that it won't be hard to do that.
I'm sure that it won't be difficult to do that.
Are you sure that Tom can do it by himself?
I hope that I never need to do that again.
Do you think that Tom knows how to do that?
I hope that I have enough time to do that.
I think that it's going to be a busy week.
Did you see the way that Tom looked at you?
Did you see the way that Tom was looking at you?
Tom and Mary told us that they wouldn't fight anymore.
I expect that I'll have to do that for Tom.
I wish that I didn't look so much like Tom.
I have an extra pen that I could lend you.
Do you think that Tom could do that for us?
Do you think that Tom knows where Mary studied French?
Do you think that Tom would do that for me?
I think that I wouldn't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
Do you think that Tom would try to do that?
Tom realized Mary didn't like him very much.
You're very modest.
Tom realized Mary didn't like him much.
I think that we should tell Tom to do that.
I think that you could get Tom to help you.
I didn't think that there was anything wrong with Tom.
I think that you should ask Tom to do that.
I wish that you had told me the truth then.
I can't believe that Tom would do something like that.
I think that it's best not to be impolite.
Do you think that Tom will let you do that?
Do you think that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think that Tom would want to do that?
Tom eventually did everything that we asked him to do.
Tom said he's looking forward to seeing you.
Do you think that Tom might do that for us?
Tom wished that he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.
Cows moo.
I just want to say I believe you.
I wish that I hadn't given Tom my grandfather's violin.
Tom noticed Mary's car wasn't in the garage.
Are you sure that you want me to sell this?
The electron is an elementary particle.
I said that I'm not going to do that again.
I wish that you'd told me what to expect.
It's highly unlikely Tom will drink any beer.
I'm sure that you'll be able to do the job.
I'm the one that came up with the idea.
Tom can't believe that Mary isn't going to do anything.
I would think Tom would appreciate your help.
Tom is worried something might happen to him.
I hear Tom and Mary have split up.
I think that I've figured out how to do it.
I realize that it was a stupid thing to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't cancel the meeting.
Tom's doctor told him he should quit smoking.
I bet you a dollar that Tom doesn't show up.
I think that one of us is more than enough.
You're the one that told me to do this.
I was hoping that you could give me a hand.
I was hoping that you could help me.
Tom says that he's gotten used to eating hospital food.
Tom decided that it was time to go to sleep.
I suggest that you find a new line of work.
I told you that you didn't have to do that.
Tom noticed John and Mary were holding hands.
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
Tom found Mary right where he'd left her.
I want all these reports finished by 2:30.
Tom got a job working for a local farmer.
Tom didn't look tired if you ask me.
Tom smokes, drinks and gambles.
He is sick of chocolate.
He likes chocolate.
He ate a chocolate cupcake.
He has a fever.
He stayed home with the kids.
I know how he feels.
He needs the house tonight.
He washed the car.
He will see.
He will come with me.
He lit a cigarette.
He will enjoy himself.
Will he go?
He refused to leave.
He didn't complain about anything.
He understands what he has to do.
He kept trying.
He knows where his mother is.
He knows where his mother lives.
He picked the box out and carried it out of here.
He can make a joke out of any word in the Berber language.
He laughs all day long.
He is pretty amazing.
He hit his head on the door.
He danced too much.
He loved them.
He did love them.
He danced too long.
He had the time of his life.
That's what he had to do.
He does that very well.
He was smiling.
How did he know?
He wasn't a dancer.
He went berserk when he heard that.
He danced a little.
He has got a great deal of work to do.
Which one is his?
He has to tell her.
He was dancing very well.
He will go skiing.
He proposed to her.
He doesn't mind.
He's sure.
The twin brothers are as alike as two peas.
He wants some coffee.
Coffee doesn't have any calories.
He's fat.
He looks fat.
He feels fat.
He doesn't look fat at all.
That's what he was afraid of.
He has lived there all his life.
The sight was splendid beyond words.
He wore a karate suit.
He changed into his karate suit.
They changed into their Kabyle dresses.
He shouldn't have asked that question.
He runs a car rental agency.
He wants to talk to you before he goes to the doctor.
He is having an affair.
He listened to her.
He's reading yesterday's newspaper.
He's too young.
He has been wondering about it himself.
He likes seeing her.
His personal life is pretty much the same day in and day out.
Is he in there?
I thought he was here with you.
He was playing tennis.
He said he doesn't play tennis.
He has some kind of power over you.
Say it in Berber, please.
"In Berber. Say it in Berber." "It's in Berber."
He will call you.
He heard crying.
He got a call from a foreign number.
She was sent back to Algeria.
He called that night.
He sent me a gift.
I asked him to speak Berber.
He was shouting something in Berber.
He said some stuff in Berber.
I yelled at him to speak Berber.
He changed his phone number.
He had the biggest smile on his face.
He was accepted to a local college.
I want to buy an inexpensive dictionary.
I'm bathing in the river.
Not everyone shares that point of view.
A few days have passed.
They've hurt me a lot.
They were treated unfairly.
I had a similar incident.
I learned practically nothing at that school.
If the majority of people all over the world act and think positively, our world will change for better.
I bathe in the river.
He's a young Algerian immigrant.
He wanted to start a new life in Algeria.
He spent most of his time going to the mosque with his father.
The racists sent me anonymous threatening letters.
He visited Algeria in 1964.
He adapted quite well to Algerian life.
He never applied to Algerian citizenship.
He adapted quite well to life in Algeria.
He worked as a stable boy.
He was an ardent Muslim believer.
Algeria openly supports Palestine.
Algerians support the Palestinian cause.
Algeria openly supports the Palestinian cause.
His father was an Algerian diplomat.
He's finally back in Algeria.
I don't want to have anything in common with such an idiot.
You are riding for a fall.
You forgot to take out the garbage again.
This is a hazardous workplace.
Algeria won't turn into a military dictatorship.
Come back to your workplace now!
He stopped eating.
He was determined to make Skura's life hell.
He forbade Skura from ever seeing Yidir.
He didn't want to upset his mother.
Algeria captured my heart.
She began to excel in the Berber language.
He surrounded himself with more and more Algerians.
He barely escaped with his life.
They shared a love for the Berber language.
It seems that I did it all in vain.
Algeria will never disintegrate.
He wanted more control of his life.
She gave birth, while in Algiers, to her fourth child.
At last my time came.
Anorexia continued to dominate her life.
He began an affair with her.
She fled Algiers.
He fled Algeria.
He fled Bejaia and he even fled Algeria.
They ruined his life with their approach.
He hanged himself in his cell.
Muslims believe in God's plans.
You were supposed to come yesterday, not today.
You should have come yesterday, not today.
They left their children in Algeria.
They were evacuated to Algeria.
They had warned you several times and yet, you didn't listen to.
You are not allowed here.
He started to tour mosques from Tunisia to Algeria, giving talks about his experience.
His father was a tyrant who maltreated his family.
She wore Kabyle dresses.
His early life was spent in Algeria.
She learned Berber, Arabic, French, and Italian.
She advised me not to take the job.
He smells of poo.
I'm sure I'm not the only Algerian who thinks like this.
He will stay here for the remainder of his life.
He didn't finish his work in time.
Am I on the list?
My conscience is clear but yours is apparently not.
My addiction is called Tatoeba.
It was me who wrote the letter.
He loves hockey.
He needs to think of something better than that.
He lost his kite.
He stole Skura's kite.
He found a kite in the backyard.
He found Skura's kite in the backyard.
They tied the game.
What did he write?
Many Muslims fasted today.
A letter came for him.
He loves getting mail.
He opened the letter.
He needs Skura.
He made a fool of himself in front of Skura's family.
He really is a great player.
The problems are too numerous to mention.
The question was completely appropriate.
I have a lot of relatives, especially on my mother's side.
In our house, it is the custom for everyone to wash their own dishes.
In our house, it is customary for everyone to wash his or her own dishes.
My brother is intelligent.
Please call him to the telephone.
I don't want to separate myself from the team.
It made her jaw drop.
Tom really loved her.
Tom loved her a lot.
I want to know when you plan to be there.
Tom felt guilty about leaving Mary alone.
I want to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom filled up the bathtub with hot water.
Tom put jalapeno peppers on his sandwich.
The carrots are ready to be harvested.
Tom didn't commit the crimes that he's been accused of.
Tom is taller than anyone else in his department.
I think that I might need to go home early.
I'm sure that I'll find a good gift for Tom.
Agnes is a geographer.
Maria is very sympathetic.
I told Tom that he shouldn't believe everything Mary says.
I think that I'd like to be alone right now.
I almost wish that I could be in your shoes.
Tom says that he isn't a member of any club.
Tom says that he's not a member of any club.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be a bit late.
I didn't know that Tom had a sense of humor.
Tom says that he can't remember his French teacher's name.
I wasn't sure that you'd be happy to see me.
He's from Russia.
The doctor told Mary she couldn't have children.
Tom says that he's dated three different women named Mary.
I want to keep things the way that they are.
What makes you think that I want to do that?
The enemy cannot approach on foot.
What makes you think that I'd want to do that?
What makes you think that I want a new oboe?
Tom told everyone at school about what had happened.
That's really all that I want to say to you.
I still think that Tom doesn't understand what's going on.
I'd want somebody to tell me what to do.
Tom jumped into the water without taking his clothes off.
We are tired and thirsty.
Do you think that Tom is coming to the party?
What is it that you'd like me to do exactly?
Do you think that Tom is planning to help us?
Tolerate my intolerance!
Everybody knew Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Nobody has time for that sort of thing.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Do you think that you'd like to work for me?
Do you have a nail file that I could borrow?
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything that Mary said.
I wish that my parents would let me do that.
Can I get somebody down here to help me?
I have something else that I need you to do.
Tom doesn't know if he'll come or not.
There are other opinions as well.
I hope that this trip isn't a waste of time.
Tom is the only person that paid on time.
We aren't going to be able to call you.
I think that that's the safest way to do it.
I knew that you wouldn't want to go with us.
The cookies that Tom baked this afternoon are really delicious.
Tom says that he won't take no for an answer.
Tom says that he remembers absolutely nothing about that night.
I think that you should do this on your own.
I have other things that I need to be doing.
I have other things that I should be doing.
I think that you know what needs to be done.
I think that we should all go to Tom's house.
I think that I'll take Tom to Boston with me.
I think that I should ask Tom what he thinks.
I think that I need to ask Tom what he thinks.
How many times a week does the football team practice?
This television is heavy.
The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
This baby cannot yet walk.
This is the painting painted by him.
Is there a movie theater around here?
My house is a big house.
Now we avenge the dead.
Pedro, do you have a sibling?
Better a living dog than a dead lion.
My job is to make sure that everyone is safe.
I cannot believe my eyes.
My job is to make sure that everybody is safe.
My job is to make sure everybody is safe.
I use the knife that you gave me quite often.
Do you think that you could do it without us?
She is as intelligent as she is beautiful.
She and I are siblings.
She is a slave to fashion.
Which room should I clean first?
We are all in the same boat.
Honeyed tongue but cruel heart.
I really don't think that Tom is going to go.
I think that it's not going to be that hard.
I think that it isn't going to be that hard.
I think it isn't going to be that hard.
I'm sure that you have a lot to think about.
I just wanted to make sure that I was right.
Do you think I'm not trying my best?
I think that I've figured out how to fix this.
Didn't I tell you that I had it under control?
I think that what you just told me isn't true.
I wish that I was able to tell the difference.
Is it true that you're not allowed to tell me?
Tell me why you think that you can't trust me.
They told me the same thing you did.
I think that you know which one I like better.
Do you think that you could help me with this?
How often do you eat food that you don't like?
Give me your word you won't do that.
I just thought that it might buy me some time.
I wish that it hadn't happened the way it did.
Do you think that I don't know what I'm doing?
Are you sure that that's the best thing to do?
Are you sure that you don't know what this is?
Do you think that you're the only one in pain?
What do you think that I should do about this?
Are you sure that you want to keep doing this?
Are you sure that you want to continue doing this?
Are you sure that it's OK to drink this water?
Is there anything else that I can get for you?
The only person that I saw doing that was Tom.
There's nothing that I can do to help you now.
Tom called to tell Mary he'd be late.
Did you like the last movie you saw?
Tom had a feeling Mary would be late.
I wish that Tom wouldn't do that kind of thing.
This is the picture that I took of Tom's house.
Did you watch the movie that I told you about?
Tom found the key he'd been looking for.
Tom found the key that he'd been looking for.
Tom found the keys that he thought that he'd lost.
Tom found the keys he thought that he'd lost.
Tom found the keys that he thought he'd lost.
Tom found the keys he thought he'd lost.
Tom has a friend who's a wrestling coach.
I didn't want anyone to think that I was crazy.
I didn't think that you'd want to see me again.
Tom lied when he said that he didn't like Mary.
Tom already knows that you want to talk to him.
When was the last time that you spoke with Tom?
When was the last time that you spoke to Tom?
When was the last time that you talked to Tom?
When was the last time that you talked with Tom?
What's the name of the ship that you served on?
I can't remember the last time that I did this.
Tom is trying not to get in anyone's way.
I can't believe that I used to watch this show.
Tom made it clear he wanted to leave.
Tom says that he'll play golf even if it rains.
A lot of people think bats are birds.
Is it true you called the boss names?
Did you tell Tom that he could borrow your car?
I think that you should tell Tom where you are.
Are you sure that there's no meat in this soup?
Do you really think that you need one of those?
When was the last time that you had a vacation?
Nobody is supposed to know about that yet.
Do you really think that I'm going to help you?
Do you really think that I'm going to kiss you?
Tom had no idea Mary didn't like him.
Tom had no idea Mary had a boyfriend.
I guess that I'm going to have to learn French.
Tom isn't the only one that wants to leave.
You should do the same thing that Tom is doing.
You should do the same thing Tom does.
I wish that you'd stick around and help us.
I wish you'd stick around and help us.
Don't you think that this hat looks good on me?
I think that some people do that kind of thing.
That man told me that his name was Tom Jackson.
Do you think that Tom would really sing for us?
I do wish that Tom and Mary would quit arguing.
Tom had no idea that Mary had a girlfriend.
Tom had no idea Mary had a girlfriend.
I'm sure that Tom won't want to sing that song.
I'm glad that I was able to meet you yesterday.
Do you suppose that that man over there is Tom?
Do you think that Tom can do that without help?
Do you think that Tom is determined to do that?
I didn't call Tom like I promised that I would.
I didn't like the answer Tom gave me.
I didn't like the way that Tom treated his dog.
I didn't tell Tom you were a drummer.
Where do you think that I should pitch my tent?
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office.
I didn't think that Tom would come to my party.
When was the last time that you climbed a tree?
I don't believe that Tom really has to do that.
I'm not the only one that'll be doing that.
I can't afford to buy the computer that I want.
I don't really think that Tom wants to do that.
I'll never forget the day that I first met you.
Tom said that that's not what Mary needs to do.
Tom said that that's not what Mary wants to do.
Tom says that he hopes Mary knows who did that.
Tom says that he hopes Mary knows who to avoid.
Tom says he hopes that Mary knows who to avoid.
Tom says that he hopes that Mary knows who to avoid.
Tom says that he hopes that Mary refuses to do that.
Tom says he hopes that Mary refuses to do that.
Tom says that he hopes Mary refuses to do that.
Tom says that he's willing to do that for Mary.
Tom still hopes that Mary will do that for him.
Tom told Mary that John didn't want to do that.
Tom told Mary that John wasn't able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he could do that by himself.
Tom told Mary that he didn't intend to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be at her party.
Tom told Mary that he thought that John was OK.
Tom told Mary he thought John was OK.
Tom told Mary he thought that John was OK.
There are a lot of problems that we can't avoid.
Tom told Mary he thought John was up.
Tom told Mary he'd be home on Monday.
Tom told Mary he'd help John do that.
Did you enjoy the movie that you saw last night?
It seems that those two are made for each other.
I think that this sweater will look good on you.
I think that you're the only one who needs help.
Why do you think that I don't like your friends?
I can't believe that you really want to do that.
I think that you need to keep your mouth closed.
I can't believe that it's been more than a year.
Are you sure that there's nothing more I can do?
You speak so quietly that I can barely hear you.
I'll never forget the last time that I met Tom.
Do you know that man who's standing next to Tom?
I wish that we didn't have to move to Australia.
I think that that's not what we should be doing.
Why did you say I should learn French?
I'd recommend you try to take it easy.
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.
Tom noticed that Mary had a tattoo on her ankle.
Tom told Mary that he was going to leave Boston.
I wish that Tom could've seen Mary win the race.
I think that you should find out where Tom went.
I think that we should wait until Tom gets here.
I think that maybe Tom has something else to do.
Tom held the flag so everybody could see it.
I know that it's Tom who's knocking on the door.
No one wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
I'd thought that it might not be necessary to go.
Do you think that Tom will ever go to Australia?
I didn't know that there was anything else to do.
I assure you that I didn't intend to deceive you.
Do you think that Tom is going to find anything?
Do you think that Tom will find anything?
Tom says that he thinks about Mary all the time.
Tom seems to think that this is a good computer.
I'm sure that you two would like some time alone.
Is there something that you want to say?
Is there something that you wanted to tell me?
Is there something that you'd like to tell me?
Is there something that you wish to tell me?
Is there anything that you'd like to tell me?
I wish that we could go to your concert tomorrow.
I was worried that you wouldn't get here on time.
Would you like me to cook you something?
Tom says that you may not need to come tomorrow.
I have a feeling I've been here before.
Do you think that Tom really meant what he said?
We know you're the one that broke the window.
I think that we should hire Tom instead of Mary.
I told Tom that I couldn't play tennis with him.
I was told it's dangerous to swim here.
Have you shown Tom the new book that you bought?
I'm glad that you're not in my circle of friends.
Tom told me that his father was in the hospital.
This is one of the shortest books that I've read.
This is one of the shortest books that I've ever read.
This is one of the shortest books I've ever read.
I didn't think that our team was really this bad.
Tom knew Mary wasn't going to be busy.
Tom hasn't done anything that we told him to do.
Tom hasn't done anything that he was told to do.
Tom had no idea he was being impolite.
Tom felt really bad about what he'd done.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be fired.
The only place that Tom has ever gone is Boston.
The last time that I saw Tom was Monday morning.
Nobody knows exactly where Tom wants to go.
I didn't think that you'd ever speak to me again.
Do you think that Tom would've done it that way?
Do you think that Tom will ever come here again?
Tom realized that Mary had to help John do that.
Tom knew that he didn't have to do that anymore.
Did you know that it's not in the drawer anymore?
Everybody says that I'm a chip off the old block.
Everyone says that I'm a chip off the old block.
When was the last time that you washed your hair?
I wonder why Tom thought that we should do that.
Tom said he was glad you're back.
Tom said he was glad that you're back.
Tom said that he was glad you're back.
It's a miracle you were able to survive.
You're the only person that I know here in Boston.
I've never met a musician I didn't like.
I never imagined that I'd feel this way about you.
Can you still remember the time that we first met?
The police think Tom knows who did it.
Tom has already been told that he can't do that.
Where did Tom and Mary say that they were going?
I'm sure my daughter will pass the exam.
I'm convinced my daughter will pass the exam.
Tom read the message that Mary had left for him.
Are there any girls here that you haven't yet met?
Are there any girls here that you haven't met yet?
Did you find the things that you were looking for?
That was the last time that Tom spoke with Mary.
I didn't realize that you didn't know how to swim.
I'm the only one here that really knows Tom.
Why would anybody think that that was a good idea?
I was told Tom had moved to Australia.
I'm pretty sure that I'll be in Boston in October.
I have a feeling that you're going to like Boston.
There's a good chance that Tom knows what to do.
Tom's wife is three years older than him.
You said you were in Boston last summer.
Would you like to ask anybody else a question?
Are you sure that there's nothing more you can do?
I think that reading novels isn't a waste of time.
I don't think that reading novels is a waste of time.
I don't think reading novels is a waste of time.
Tom hoped Mary would come to his party.
Tom hoped that Mary would make it to his party.
When was the last time that you used a compass?
Tom says that he isn't willing to take any risks.
I didn't think that doing that would be that easy.
Do you judge people by the company that they keep?
Tom told Mary he'd been out shopping.
Tom told Mary that he'd been out shopping.
Tom was hoping Mary would smile at him.
I suggest that you give your old computer to Tom.
I suggest you give Tom your old computer.
I suggest that you give Tom your old computer.
I still think that we should've told Tom to come.
I think that you'll be able to change Tom's mind.
My girlfriend is three years older than me.
I forwarded the schedule that you sent me to Tom.
I forgot that Tom knew how to play the accordion.
I always thought Tom was a bit strange.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to play mahjong.
I have a feeling Tom doesn't like Mary.
I got the impression that Tom wanted to be alone.
You're likely the only person that can do that.
Tom wished that he'd never asked Mary to do that.
I think something bad is going to happen.
Tom burned all the letters that he got from Mary.
I think something bad is about to happen.
Everybody in the room was doing the same thing.
When do you think that you're going to Boston next?
Where do you think that all these people came from?
I think that we've learned a little bit from Tom.
Tom says that he's too tired to do anything else.
There are so many stories that I've never told you.
When was the last time that you watered the garden?
Tom suggested I go to Boston with Mary.
I dried myself with the towel that Tom handed me.
I told Tom he should apologize to Mary.
Is there anything that you can tell me about Tom?
Tom is the one that usually does the cooking.
Tom is the one that usually does the driving.
Let's list all the reasons that we should be happy.
Tom is the only one that knows what happened.
There are many other things that we could be doing.
Tom is younger than most people think.
What's the real reason that you don't want to sing?
Tom says that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
I'd like to get better at speaking French.
Mary's mother is just as charming as Mary is.
Do you remember the day that this picture was taken?
I think that you were better looking with long hair.
I want to thank you for everything that you've done.
I think that I've found what we've been looking for.
I couldn't help but notice you're in pain.
Is there anybody here who hasn't been to Boston?
I've got something here that I think you should see.
I wanted to go somewhere that I'd never been before.
I wanted everybody to get along with each other.
Please tell Tom that he can come back after lunch.
They think that you killed Tom and took his money.
What's the worst movie that you've ever paid to see?
I suggest you begin doing that right away.
I don't have many friends that can speak French.
Didn't Tom say that he had something to tell Mary?
I can't believe that you aren't planning to do that.
I can't believe that you aren't planning on doing that.
I hope that you're not planning on doing that today.
I hope that you're not planning to do that today.
I think something bad is likely to happen.
Tom decided that he was too old for rock climbing.
Tom decided he wanted to live in Boston.
Tom filled the bathtub up with hot water.
I wish that Tom would stop screaming all the time.
I wish that I'd known that Tom could speak French.
I wish I'd known Tom could speak French.
Are you sure that we're going in the right direction?
I'm pretty sure Tom now lives in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to be disturbed.
I should've kept the guitar Tom gave me.
You're likely the only person that can't do that.
Tom can sing better than anyone else I know.
The police arrested a man that looks like Tom.
I hope that Tom doesn't have to work this weekend.
I hope that Tom hasn't already drunk all the milk.
This is one of the pictures Tom painted.
How do you know somebody hasn't already found it?
It's hard to believe it actually happened.
There's only one place that Tom is likely to hide.
I've heard Tom will be going to Harvard.
Somebody told me that Tom now lives in Boston.
Someone told me Tom now lives in Boston.
Somebody told me Tom now lives in Boston.
Somebody crashed into me on my way home yesterday.
Do you have any interesting books that I could borrow?
Can someone please tell me what's going on here?
Would someone please tell me what's going on here?
I think that that would only take about three minutes.
Are you sure that we're talking about the same person?
When was the last time that you were really surprised?
Do you honestly think that I'd do something like that?
I've always thought that you knew how to speak French.
Tom says he and Mary almost got married.
Where were you the night that the factory burned down?
Let's make sure that everything is where it should be.
Some people think that French is really hard to learn.
Do you really think that this will ruin my reputation?
Why didn't you tell me that you didn't like chocolate?
Let's hope that they call you if something goes wrong.
What's the name of the school that Tom goes to?
Everybody on the bus was asleep except the driver.
Does anyone know if the cafeteria is still open?
I think you've mistaken me for somebody else.
You're the one that suggested coming to this club.
Tom told Mary he'd look into the problem.
It seemed Tom wanted to attend the party.
There aren't any signs Tom has been here.
Tom couldn't find the page that he was looking for.
Tom had a feeling the plan wouldn't work.
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.
Tom says that he can't ignore the noise any longer.
Tom says that he can't ignore the smell any longer.
I thought you said that no one here could speak French.
I thought that you said no one here could speak French.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done anything wrong.
That was the answer that Tom expected Mary to give.
I've already done everything that you've asked me to do.
Does anybody here know what time the meeting starts?
I can't believe that Tom made that kind of mistake.
I can't believe that Tom made a mistake like that.
Why didn't you tell me that you were lactose intolerant?
Let's just say that things didn't go exactly as planned.
Leaving Boston was the biggest mistake that I ever made.
You know more about Tom than anybody else does.
Did Tom tell you that he was having money problems?
There's nothing that you can say that'll change my mind.
I wish that I could stop thinking about what's happened.
I've heard that French is a difficult language to learn.
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.
It's no use pretending you can't speak French.
Some people believe black cats bring bad luck.
I can't believe you actually got into Harvard.
I'm having a hard time believing that Tom did that.
Tom wasn't able to read until he was thirteen years old.
I think that you should give Tom your phone number.
This novel was translated into Berber.
They want to sell Algeria to foreign powers.
No one noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody noticed the picture was hung upside down.
No one noticed the picture was hung upside down.
He went to Algeria to study Berber.
I still think that it's unlikely that Tom will win.
I still think that it's unlikely Tom will win.
I still think it's unlikely Tom will win.
The racists want to establish a collaborationist government.
The separatist project is doomed for failure.
They don't know anything about basketball, do they?
There is no freedom of speech with the separatists.
Tom had no idea Mary was already married.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't seen this yet.
Tom didn't buy everything that we asked him to buy.
I think that I should probably change my profile picture.
The leader of the separatists thinks he is some sort of god.
Who's the person that's standing in front of that building?
The separatists consider their leader as some sort of god.
Tom said he didn't sleep well last night.
Tom said you said you saw something.
Tom says that he won't have to work overtime today.
Tom didn't like the answer Mary gave him.
It's hard to believe Tom is still single.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of the giants of Algerian literature.
I think I've already spoken to everyone about that.
I think that I've already spoken to everybody about that.
I think that I've already spoken to everyone about that.
Nobody bought anything Tom was trying to sell.
Don't you think that we should've stayed a little longer?
We all need to distance ourselves from the separatists.
Tom isn't the only one that missed the meeting.
Tom didn't seem to notice Mary was there.
Tom didn't think what Mary said was true.
We all need to distance ourselves from the racists.
Tom refused to give Mary the money that she needed.
The separatists want to set Algeria ablaze.
I've finished translating everything that you asked me to translate.
I have the feeling we're forgetting something important.
Explain yourself clearly so you won't be misunderstood.
Many parents think there's too much violence on TV.
Many parents think that there's too much violence on TV.
I think that people should stop using disposable shopping bags.
It's about time somebody did something about that problem.
It's about time that somebody did something about that problem.
It's about time that someone did something about that problem.
The leader of the separatists wants to sell our country to its enemies.
Mountain climbing isn't something that I really enjoy so much.
The leader of the separatists is offering to sell our country to its enemies.
Everybody who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Don't believe people who claim they know everything.
The separatists make no secret of their racist ideology.
This flag is a racist symbol.
This flag is a separatist symbol.
Tom knew that he'd never come back to Boston again.
The sort of information that we need isn't always available.
The kind of information that we need isn't always available.
The separatists insult us.
The kind of information we need isn't always available.
The separatists harass us.
The separatists broke off all contacts with us.
The separatists would break off all contacts with any person who doesn't agree with their unreasonable ideas.
I asked Tom for something that he couldn't give me.
What's the best thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
Washing dishes is something that I don't really enjoy doing.
The only person that could've done this is Tom.
Let's not waste time discussing things that we can't change.
Thanks for giving this issue the attention that it deserves.
Perhaps you could suggest something that we can do tomorrow.
I think that I understand what Tom's trying to say.
All the boys in Mary's class think that she's cute.
Mary's boyfriend is a lot younger than her.
This is the best Christmas present that I've ever received.
I'd rather spend money on something that I'd actually wear.
They said that they were dissatisfied with their low wages.
We've accomplished almost everything that we set out to do.
I can't believe that you didn't recognize your own brother.
Tom doesn't believe that he can do that by himself.
Some people think French is a difficult language.
I wish that I'd remembered to buy flowers for Mary.
I wish I'd remembered to buy Mary flowers.
I wish that I'd remembered to buy Mary flowers.
No one would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
I'll make sure Tom never does that again.
You're the only one that ever really liked Tom.
I don't suppose that there's much chance of that happening.
I've got a hunch that something might be happening tonight.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink that water.
Mary is the most beautiful girl that I've ever met.
What makes you think that Tom hasn't done that yet?
When did you find out Tom couldn't drive?
Tom realized that he no longer needed to help Mary.
Tom knew he wasn't likely to be arrested.
Tom knew Mary wasn't really angry at him.
Tom didn't know that Mary had spent time in prison.
Tom didn't know that Mary had never been to Boston.
Smart motors have less maintenance cost as compare to traditional motors due to control units which monitors the performance of motors in a process such as production process
Do you think that you speak French better than Tom?
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't try to kiss her.
I heard both of your grandfathers were plumbers.
Please feel free to eat anything that's in the refrigerator.
I gave Tom something I thought he'd like.
I'm sure that the police will catch the robber eventually.
I'm sure that the police will eventually catch the robber.
Tom told Mary she should come home early.
This is where Tom said that he buried the treasure.
The weatherman says it'll rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says that we'll have rain in the afternoon.
I've heard you and Tom were engaged once.
It's doubtful anything will get done here today.
How can we believe anything that Tom is telling us?
I always thought that Tom knew how to speak French.
Is there some reason that you're saving these old bottles?
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to help Tom.
I've already told everybody that I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everyone I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everybody I'm moving to Boston.
What's the name of the piece that the orchestra's playing?
I never realized that you were interested in Japanese art.
What's the most important lesson that life has taught you?
Tom will eat just about anything that you give him.
Tom didn't drink the milk that Mary poured for him.
I hear Tom really likes living in Boston.
Let's find a solution that's acceptable to everyone.
Everyone wanted to know why Tom quit his job.
They cannot lift the piano alone.
You are the person in the front seat of your car. You are the one who decides whether your car goes down a bad path or a good path. You are the one that decides what defines you.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
I want to rent a flat with two rooms.
I held her hand and stoked it with my thumb.
All of us are from Algeria.
Dogs can see things we aren't able to see.
They are dating.
He reversed his car.
He checked his email.
Once upon a time there was an ugly little girl.
Beauty inside is better than outside beauty.
Beauty on the inside is more important than beauty on the outside.
Mary is blind in one eye.
Sit your ass down.
I couldn't give a flying flamingo what your view is.
He was tapping his fingers against the door.
Putin is a knobhead.
Tom is a knobhead.
Tom's a knobhead.
He waited until the library closed.
He won this prize in a contest.
He speaks it, he sings in it.
I study at the University of Bejaia.
The city you're going to is very far away.
He took judo lessons.
He took Berber lessons.
Why don't men help their wives with child-rearing?
I stole a sentence from our author Amar Mezdad that he wrote long ago, and changed it a little bit.
Everybody loves football.
They're making fun of you.
Does Taninna at least know how to swim?
He's a distant relative of mine.
He doesn't want to talk about that.
He is hungry.
He ate some brownies.
It's an old Berber custom.
He brought you clothes.
He wants to read a magazine.
He can come later.
It is better to prevent evil than punish it by another evil thereafter.
The antipsychotic medicine makes him very drowsy.
The dog is deaf.
He was hired to build a gazebo in the backyard.
He built us a gazebo in the backyard.
We have a gazebo in the backyard.
I like my coffee with nutmeg and cinnamon.
Don't make me try too hard.
Biscuits, that's all he ever thinks about.
Tom is alert and awake.
Said no one ever.
That's the principle.
He really loves her.
In this grocery store, it's assumed that you have paid for your items before eating them at these tables.
You need to pay first.
It's just a little cough.
Who's going first?
I ordered a nonfat white mocha.
Thank you, hun!
He's acting belligerently.
That's the rub.
The dog is standing directly on my bladder.
We had wonderful moments together.
Can you stop?
He is upstairs.
He wasn't looking.
I'm so horrifically tired.
He is not interested in it.
He doesn't like cheese.
He doesn't like pizza.
I don't like the way it's worded.
A feeling of electricity just ran through me.
He memorized her phone number.
He turned down the volume.
Sometimes he gets on my nerves.
He never buys new clothes.
I'm too exhausted to move.
He can pay me tomorrow.
When can he box again?
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.
He's not at liberty to say that.
He doesn't have a choice.
He's staying at this hotel.
He was fourteen at the time.
He runs a bar.
He sees this sort of thing all the time.
He is in front of me.
He's reading it right now.
He's in the paper all the time.
He's a drug dealer.
He doesn't like it.
He's going to jump.
How long has he been up there?
He has never been to Algeria.
He has to check his schedule.
He will do that.
He was on the phone.
He took Skura to the park.
He took Skura to the beach.
He took Skura to the pool.
He took Skura to the shopping mall.
He took Skura to the movies.
He took Skura to the airport.
He took Skura to the amusement park.
He took Skura to the zoo.
He put the money in the bank.
He has four hundred dinars.
I regret telling them about my family.
He is ready.
He didn't forget anything.
He's just my brother-in-law.
He bought that.
He bought us food.
He never eats meat.
He doesn't eat meat.
He didn't eat the meat.
He gave us a little pep talk.
He got another job.
He gave us a pep talk.
He will never be a teacher.
Now I know why he will never be a teacher.
He made a good impression everywhere.
He didn't get any messages.
He never calls.
He made a lousy impression.
This is just his first day.
He had a great job.
He's too nervous to talk.
He handled it.
He cannot come to the phone right now.
He didn't do that.
He never did that.
He lost his job, too.
Marriage succeeds only as lifetime commitment with no escape clauses.
My father ordered me to wash the car.
There's no need to write more than four hundred words.
The kleptomaniac struggled with the protuberant loot.
His voice squeaked when he retorted her insinuation.
The unreliable colleague suffered from a veiled inferiority complex.
When they were at the beach together, she felt her body engulfed in a foreign sensation.
He received her letters amidst the loneliness of solitary confinement.
I pray.
By the virtues of supply and demand, her husband was always in demand.
She watched the traveling salesman approach her doorstep.
My passion for you ignited long ago.
The dinner guests remained unaware that the chef had tainted their appetizers.
To solve the mystery she will have to scour his personal belongings for clues.
The social security number circulated through the city after the armed robbery.
Most people could not see that she was African American.
His flamboyant gestures made her laugh.
The board of directors lacked competency.
Potatoes are cheap.
She collected toothbrushes as she traveled the planet.
It was debatable whether the dirt she viewed was mindless.
A mass unsettling of the mindless followers of the cult leader required the arrival of a charismatic insurgent.
May I ask questions?
Radioactive waste entered the sea from the creeks.
The force of the sand against her legs, and the shine of the sun's blue light on her eyelids, catalyzed her out-of-body experience.
Perhaps the only freedom of the press is a journalist's access to restricted spaces and events.
He spent months cleaning in preparation for the arrival of the lady of the house.
The soldiers were armed.
She screamed when she saw the spider.
Can someone confirm this?
Man is the only talking animal.
The tiger resembles a large cat.
In the future, astronauts will grow their own food on Mars.
In the future, astronauts will grow carrots on Mars.
Tom loves the smell of lavender.
The world is not happy, although there is peace and freedom.
I am not a comrade, however my boyfriend is.
Mary froze in a stupor.
Mary froze, afraid to move.
Everyone froze in horror.
More expectations, more disappointment.
Tom isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
Hadassah is quite the little forager.
I didn't think Ruth was going to open Pandora's box like that.
I think that it's sensible.
Why wouldn't you stipulate that in the contract?
I don't understand why Esther of all people would vote for such a warmonger.
I think that it's personal.
It's a good article, but it could use some copyediting.
I don't think it's true that cell phones cause tumors, Esther.
How many secondary schools are there in Bialystok?
I need your professional advice, Ruth.
I'd love to go, Hadassah, but I've got occupational therapy that hour.
When did you become such a conservationist, Hadassah?
"Aaron's got a one-track mind." "That's for sure."
I thought this was supposed to be a land of milk and honey.
Cell phones don't cause tumors, Esther.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted to leave.
I wish I could play the clarinet better.
I wish that I could play the clarinet better.
Tom doesn't know Mary's boyfriend's name.
Tom doesn't know what happened yesterday.
When did you become such a good conservationist?
How did you become such a good conservationist?
Cell phones don't cause tumors.
Do cell phones give off radiation?
I don't think that cell phones can cause cancer.
I don't think cell phones can cause cancer.
Do mobile phones give off radiation?
I don't think mobile phones can cause cancer.
I don't think that mobile phones can cause cancer.
I need your professional advice.
Can somebody confirm this?
I thought that this was supposed to be a land of milk and honey.
Do you think money really matters to me?
Do you think handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think you would enjoy being famous?
The police think Tom beat Mary to death.
A lot of people think whales are fish.
Many people think whales are fish.
Lots of people think whales are fish.
I think there's a man in there.
Why would somebody think that that was a good idea?
Why would someone think that that was a good idea?
Why would someone think that was a good idea?
I think that that sweater is too tight on you.
Did you really think that that was what Tom wanted?
Do you really think Tom can help us?
The police think Tom has killed several people.
I think we should help Tom do that.
I think what Tom told you is true.
I think things like this happen by chance.
Do you think my way of teaching is wrong?
I didn't think your wife was so old.
Do you think eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think eating with your family is important?
Tom doesn't think Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesn't think Mary looks like her mother.
They think Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
Tom doesn't think he needs to use deodorant.
I'm thinking I should take French next year.
Did you think that that might be part of the problem?
Do you think that that might be part of the problem?
I think what you need now is a kiss.
I think what you need now is some sleep.
I think that that's what Tom was trying to do.
Tom might think we want him to do that.
I didn't think Tom would let me down.
I think Tom didn't mean to do that.
I think we're ready to seal the deal.
I'm sure that a lot of people think that way.
Can you tell me why you think that that's true?
Why do you think what Tom did was wrong?
How can anyone think Tom is a good boss?
Tom probably thinks what he's doing is helping.
Did you really think Tom wouldn't help you?
I think that that guy looks a little bit like Tom.
Does Tom think that that's what we want to do?
Does Tom think that that's all he needs to do?
Does Tom think that that's all he has to do?
Did you think that that was what I wanted to buy?
I think I'll do that later with Tom.
I think I'll buy this bracelet for Mary.
I think that that's why Tom wanted to do that.
I think what Tom told you is the truth.
I think what Tom told you isn't true.
Someone rang the bell.
Do you think that that's all Tom has to do?
Do you think that that's all Tom needs to do?
Do you think that that's what Tom wants to do?
Do you really think Tom told Mary the truth?
Don't you think Tom is a good driver?
I think you should buy yourself a new umbrella.
I think you should buy yourself a new bicycle.
I think you should buy yourself a new phone.
I think you should buy yourself a new car.
What makes you think Tom prefers living in the country?
I think that that's exactly what Tom is expecting you do.
Lisa has taught me German.
I think that that's why Tom doesn't have any friends.
What makes you think I want to be left alone?
I guess everybody thinks I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everyone thinks that I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everyone thinks I'm in love with Mary.
What makes you think Tom is interested in helping us?
Why do you think I'd do something like that?
Why do you think that I'd do something like that?
The police think Tom's hammer was the murder weapon.
Some people think French is a hard language to learn.
The police think Tom was the one who poisoned Mary.
I think you and Tom could make a cute couple.
What made you think Tom would want to kiss you?
Somebody stole my watch.
I think that that's the guy who told me to leave.
Do you think Tom will ask you to the dance?
Tom didn't think he was going to get caught.
Do you still think that that's all we need to do?
Do you still think I should go talk to Tom?
Do you still think that that's all Tom has to do?
I think you should buy yourself a new chain saw.
Many people think children don't spend enough time playing outside.
The police think Tom was stabbed before his throat was slit.
Tom doesn't think Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would get the better of him.
Tom doesn't think that that would be the right thing to do.
Many of my friends think Tom and Mary are overprotective parents.
Tom grew up thinking he needed to eat meat every day.
We used to think that that was why this kind of thing happened.
Do you think men and women can ever just be friends?
I have reason to think we'll never see Tom again.
Tom seemed to think you and I used to be married.
I think Tom and I overdid it a little last night.
Tom doesn't think Mary was the one who did that.
Do you really think Tom will be able to help Mary?
I used to think taking walks was a waste of time.
Tom probably thinks what he's doing is a good idea.
I think I'm going to ask Tom to do that.
I think that that's why Tom didn't want to do that.
Don't think I'm going to let you do that.
Tom didn't think his boss's plan was a viable one.
Tom didn't want people to think he was flirting with Mary.
Did you really think that that was what Tom was going to give Mary?
Do you really think I'm going to let you do that?
I think Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
Tom doesn't think Mary was the one who stole his bicycle.
I think I'm going to ask Tom to stop doing that.
Do you really think Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
I don't want you to think I'm not happy with your decision.
I can't help but think maybe someday you and I'll get married.
I think that I mistakenly sent that email to Tom.
I think that I know someone that might help us.
I think I know somebody that might help us.
I think that I know somebody that might help us.
I think that we both know the answer to that.
I think that you should take that job in Boston.
Do you think that you could do that for me?
I think that I was the one who suggested that.
Do you think that it was Tom who did that?
Do you think that Tom is still mad about that?
Do you think that you can do that for us?
I think that I have the key to that drawer.
What makes you think that we need to do that?
Do you think that Tom will actually do all that?
I think that I could be persuaded to do that.
Do you think that Tom is still worried about that?
Do you think that Tom will let me do that?
Do you really think that Tom needs to do that?
Do you really think that Tom has to do that?
Do you think that Tom will allow Mary to do that?
I think that you should talk to Tom about that.
Do you think that Tom will let Mary do that?
Do you think that Tom will allow me do that?
Why do you think that Tom wants to do that?
I think that we should force Tom to do that.
Do you think that Tom will volunteer to do that?
Do you think that Tom knows where Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom really wanted to do that?
Do you think that Tom knows when Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom could do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom knows how Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom did that just for kicks?
I think that you could get Tom to do that.
What makes you think that Tom would ever do that?
Do you think that Tom might like to do that?
What makes you think that Tom has to do that?
Do you think that Tom will do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom will ever do that again?
What makes you think that Tom needs to do that?
What makes you think that Tom wants to do that?
What makes you think that Tom has never done that?
What makes you think that Tom will enjoy doing that?
Don't forget Tom is blind.
Why do you think that people like to do that?
Why do you think that you have to do that?
Why did Tom think that he had to do that?
What made you think that you had to do that?
Why did you think that you had to do that?
Do you think that Tom could help us do that?
I think that you could do that if you tried.
Do you think that we convinced Tom to do that?
I think that it's dangerous to swim in that river.
How do you think that you'd look wearing that dress?
I think that this tie will go great with that shirt.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think that it's unlikely Tom would ever move.
I think it's unlikely Tom would ever move.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will be arrested.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be arrested.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will marry Mary.
I think it's unlikely Tom will marry Mary.
I think that we should ask Tom who told him that.
What makes you think that I'd want to see that?
I don't think that you want to take that chance.
I think that I can show you how to do that.
I think that you know why I can't do that.
I think that maybe that's all you have to do.
I didn't think that Tom would give up like that.
Why do you think that it was Tom who did that?
Do you think that I had something to do with that?
I don't think that I can do that just now.
Do you think that Tom might have a problem with that?
Tom was thinking about telling Mary he loved her.
I think that you'll not be able to do that.
I think you won't be able to do that.
I think that I'll be able to deal with that.
Do you really think that you can do that by yourself?
I didn't think that Tom could speak French that well.
Do you think that you could talk to Tom about that?
Do you think that Tom would really want to do that?
I think that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Do you think that you can do that without any help?
Where do you think that you're going dressed like that?
Do you think that you could handle that kind of responsibility?
Do you think that you should be doing that without permission?
Do you actually think that I'd do something like that?
How do you think that Tom was able to do that?
Do you think that Tom has enough money to buy that?
Do you think that Tom might be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom could do that?
Do you think that Tom will be able to do that?
Does Tom think that he doesn't need to do that?
Who do you think that Tom wants to give that to?
Does Tom think that he doesn't have to do that?
Does Tom think that he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom think that he can do it?
I think that you should ask Tom not to do that.
Why did you think that doing that was a good idea?
Don't you think that you could do that for me?
Don't you think that you can do that for us?
I think that I wouldn't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will ever do that.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will ever do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will ever do that.
I think that we shouldn't let Tom do that again.
I think that we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I think that you ought to ask Tom to do that.
Do you think that Tom would allow Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom will permit Mary do that?
Don't you think that we should be doing that now?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will do that together?
Do you think that anyone will care if Tom does that?
Do you think that anybody will care if Tom does that?
Do you think anybody will care if Tom does that?
Do you think that Tom would mind helping me do that?
Do you think that Tom would mind if Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that?
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary.
Tom did everything that he could to stop Mary.
I want to try doing something different.
Tom didn't go to the same school as Mary.
Tom didn't go to the same school as Mary did.
I want you to make spaghetti for dinner.
He's singing.
He was abandoned as an infant.
He is going blind.
He has four illegitimate children.
He was sitting in that room, waiting to give his testimony.
He wears ties.
He lives in a basement apartment.
He has completed his duty.
He should have called first.
I'm relieved he's working again.
He's a depraved beast.
He's eating good.
I think he wants to go to sleep.
He really helped me.
I'm from Kabylie. That's in Algeria.
He took a sponge bath.
"Where is he going?" "To work."
He has to move out.
He talks to his mother all the time.
He sat on my coat.
He hasn't been home all day.
He still hasn't found her.
He's going to wear it to work tomorrow.
He always stinks.
He really respects you.
Eat your cereal.
He's a television writer.
He moved to a new neighborhood.
Please like our Facebook page.
Like our Facebook page.
I care for both of them.
It seems to be a misunderstanding.
He will go to the airport.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and share.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and turn on the bell notifications.
We often have to walk our dog, even at night.
He has already ordered a pizza.
He has already ordered a cake.
He has already ordered flowers.
He has already ordered a wedding cake.
He has already ordered a birthday cake.
He has already ordered a sandwich.
He has already ordered a hamburger.
He has already ordered a hot dog.
He's taking us to the airport.
He got his license back.
He got his driver's license back.
His wallet is gone.
He found a wallet on the sidewalk.
He found a wallet lying on the sidewalk.
He found Skura's wallet on the sidewalk.
He gave Skura her wallet back.
He keeps his credit cards in his wallet.
He dropped his wallet.
He dropped his keys.
He dropped his gun.
He can identify the thief.
He says he can identify the thief.
He has my wallet.
He keeps his driver's license in his wallet.
His driver's license is expired.
He's not going to stay over.
He returned the wallet to its owner.
He started calling every ten minutes.
He ruined my vacation.
He's waiting for her to come.
He is coming to return my wallet.
He's the owner of the wallet.
They are demonizing Algeria.
He used to work for me.
The demonization campaign against Iran continues.
The US uses the UN to impose sanctions on Iran.
Syria is Iran's closest ally.
Nigeria has a big Muslim population.
The Saudis claim they are the leaders of the Muslim world.
Algeria is determined to maintain its painstakingly-won independence.
I was so immersed in my work that I forgot about our visit.
Algeria has a complex relationship with Morocco.
The separatists and the Pan-Arab extremists want to create ethnic tensions in Algeria.
Muslim traders from Arabia introduced Islam to Malaysia and Indonesia.
Algeria's rivers aren't navigable.
I want some papers.
The Berber language has been around for thousands of years.
Tom is an animal hoarder.
The farm was bought by a wealthy salesman, and that was exactly the one who once served as a laugh and a mockery when he was offered beer in a stocking.
Only the shoe knows about the hole in the sock.
I have problems with my short-term memory.
The tree provides shade.
This large tree provides shade.
Trees provide shade.
The cows are resting beneath the tree.
Tom is resting beneath the tree.
Tom was resting beneath the tree.
The tree is taller than the house.
Tom grows organic vegetables in his garden.
Tom and Mary grow organic vegetables in their garden.
This tree has a large canopy.
Tom planted a shade tree.
Tom sat on the wooden bench.
Tom sat on the stone bench.
This tree is sacred.
This tree is considered sacred by the local people.
The locals believe that a spirit resides in this tree.
This grove is sacred.
Tom works for an animal sanctuary.
Tom volunteers at an animal sanctuary.
The locals believe that a spirit resides within this tree.
The Buddha meditated beneath a Bodhi tree.
The Buddha attained enlightenment under a Bodhi tree.
The tomato is ripe.
Wednesday marks the 18th anniversary of the terror attacks against the United States of Sept. 11, 2001.
Eighteen years ago, more than 60% of Americans watched as the worst terror attack ever to occur on U.S. soil unfolded on television — either in real time or in repeated replays.
Cohen Silver, who studies the impact of collective trauma, says some individuals with no direct connection to the 9/attacks exhibited symptoms that experts had previously assumed were the result of direct exposure to trauma.
“Individuals who watched a great deal of television in the first week after 9/were more likely to exhibit post-traumatic stress symptomatology and physical health ailments years later,” she says.
Those symptoms often included anxiety and fear, as well as the onset of physical health ailments such as cardiovascular issues.
While the average American cannot control the violence around them, they can protect their mental health by not inundating themselves with images of the tragedies, which can be psychologically unhealthy.
Fantasy football is a competition in which participants create imaginary teams from among the actual players in the National Football League (NFL). They score points based on the actual performance of their players in the real games.
Each fantasy football participant contributes a certain amount of money to his or her respective league, which is won by the top player or players at the end of the season.
The Fantasy Sports and Gaming Association (FSGA) says there are million fantasy sports players in the United States and Canada.
“We're anticipating that fantasy football is going to cost employers this year around $billion in lost wages being paid to workers that are otherwise being unproductive participating in fantasy football activities in the office when normally they would be working,” says Andrew Challenger, vice president of outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.
Challenger estimates workers will spend minutes daily during work hours — outside of breaks or their lunch hour — checking on their players, proposing trades and doing related research.
Many fantasy football leagues hold draft parties, when league players get together to select their team’s players before the start of the season.
That’s not necessarily a bad thing.
His company sanctions an official fantasy football league. “We have a trophy that you get your name engraved on at the end of each season and get to keep that on your desk all year,” he says.
Of course, everyone wants to win.
Two must-have documents for international students in the United States are a Social Security number and a driver’s license with a photograph or other state-issued photo ID.
The Social Security number is required for any student who wants to get a job in the U.S.
The Social Security Administration, an independent agency of the federal government, issues a nine-digit number to each U.S. citizen, permanent resident and temporary resident, including each international student.
An international student must wait at least days after arriving in the U.S. before applying for a Social Security number.
Malabar giant squirrels have a brightly multicolored fur.
Tom is an experienced gardener.
Monet painted his garden.
Monet painted his garden at Giverny.
Do you think that Tom taught Mary how to do that?
Don't you think that you can help Tom with that?
Do you think that Tom would like to do that now?
Do you think that Tom could get Mary to do that?
A foreign student who wants to drive in the U.S. must obtain a driver's license issued by the state in which the person resides.
Do you think that Tom would mind if I did that?
Most U.S. states recognize international driver's licenses.
Do you think that Tom would like me to do that?
Do you think that Tom would be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom will ask Mary to do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if I did that?
The driver’s license can serve as photo identification.
Do you think that anybody would care if I did that?
The driver’s license can serve as photo identification, which in the U.S. may be required for several kinds of transactions, such as shopping with a credit card.
Do you think anybody would care if I did that?
Photo ID will also likely be needed at banks, libraries and airports, and for mail pickup at a post office or commercial postal service.
Many bars, clubs and liquor stores, particularly in college towns, require all patrons to show proof of identification, regardless of age.
A student should be aware that for those younger than 21, the state driver's license or photo ID will be in a vertical rather than horizontal format, so food servers and bartenders will more quickly be able to identify the holder as underage and therefore unable to be served alcohol.
Students can use valid passports as identification, but carrying a passport all the time puts it at risk of being lost or stolen, which creates major problems for international students.
Recovering a lost or stolen passport can mean repeated visits to the issuing consulate or embassy and having to file a report with the local police.
Aside from the extra cost in time and money to replace a passport, the loss could subject the passport holder to identify theft, because it contains important personal data.
When do you think that you're going to do that?
Do you think that it would be good to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy to do that?
I don't think that Tom will ever start doing that.
Do you think that Tom would care if Mary did that?
What makes you think that Tom hasn't done that already?
I think that I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
I think that it was Tom who wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will ever do that again.
When do you think that Tom is going to do that?
When do you think that Tom will do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if we did that?
Where do you think that Tom is going to do that?
I don't think that Tom will ever stop doing that.
Why did Tom think that doing that was a good idea?
I think that it was Tom who volunteered to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom to stop doing that.
What makes you think that Tom has to do that today?
Hedgehogs are omnivores.
Hedgehogs are omnivorous.
I need to buy some paper.
I want to buy some paper.
Could you give me a piece of paper?
The printer is out of paper.
I need a piece of paper.
How many pieces of paper did you give Tom?
European hedgehogs mostly eat insects.
How many pieces of paper did you give to Tom?
Hedgehogs have very long tongues.
Apple unveiled a new iPhone.
What makes you think that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if Tom did that?
Do you think that anybody would care if Tom did that?
Do you think anybody would care if Tom did that?
What makes you think that Tom would want to do that?
Do you think that Tom will ever make money doing that?
Do you think that things like that don't really matter?
I think that it's way too early to do that.
Why did you think that I didn't enjoy doing that?
I really don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I really don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom will do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think that you know how to do that.
Tom doesn't think that he has to do that today.
I think that I'll have to do that for Tom.
I don't really think that I need to do that.
I don't really think that I have to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be upset by that.
I don't think that we can do that that soon.
Tom doesn't think that he can do that by himself.
I don't think that I can do that that soon.
Do you think that Tom is still going to do that?
I don't think that Tom and Mary are like that.
Do you think that doing that is going to be easy?
Do you think that it's going to be easy to do that?
Why do you think that Tom wanted me to do that?
Why do you think that Tom wanted us to do that?
Don't you think that we convinced Tom to do that?
I think that I can explain that so you can understand.
It seems that Tom actually thinks that he can do that.
It seems Tom actually thinks he can do that.
It seems Tom actually thinks that he can do that.
Why do you think that Tom wanted to do that today?
Why do you think that Tom would do something like that?
I don't think that this shirt goes with that red tie.
I think that it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think that it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think that it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will go bowling.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will go bowling.
I can't believe that I didn't even think of that.
I can't believe that I didn't think of that earlier.
Do you really think that I had something to do with that?
I'm sure that Tom will think that we shouldn't do that.
I'm sure Tom will think that we shouldn't do that.
I'm sure that Tom will think we shouldn't do that.
Do you really think that you can do that without our help?
Do you really think that you can do that without any help?
I think that I'll ask Tom to help me do that.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy that.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will write back.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will write back.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will write back.
Do you think that you can write that report without any help?
I think that we should ask Tom to do that for us.
I think that we have enough time to finish doing that today.
I think that there's a real good possibility of that happening.
I think that you don't have enough money to buy that.
Does Tom really think that he can convince Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom will let Mary do that for him?
Don't you think that you'll be able to do that?
I think that you could get Tom to do that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would ask Mary to do that.
Don't you think that Tom will be able to do that?
I think that we're going to ask Tom to do that.
Don't you think that you could talk Tom into doing that?
Do you think that Tom could get Mary to stop doing that?
Do you think that Tom really wanted to do it that way?
Do you think that Tom would like it if Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom has any idea why Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will want to do that?
Do you think that Tom would show me how to do that?
Do you think that I could ask Tom to do that again?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we should do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we should do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we should do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we needed to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we needed to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we needed to do that?
When do you think that you're going to finish doing that?
Do you really think that it'll be easy to do that?
What makes you think that Tom would be able to do that?
I think that it was Tom who told Mary to do that.
What makes you think that Tom won't want to do that?
What makes you think that Tom doesn't have to do that?
What makes you think that Tom doesn't need to do that?
I think that I've convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
Why do you think that I'd be interested in doing that?
Don't you think that it would be unsafe to do that?
Don't you think that it would be tiring to do that?
Don't you think that it would be stupid to do that?
Don't you think that it would be wrong to do that?
Don't you think that it would be smart to do that?
Don't you think that it would be risky to do that?
Don't you think that it would be wise to do that.
Don't you think that it would be safe to do that?
I think that I heard Tom say that he'd do that.
I didn't think that you'd be interested in doing that.
Did you really think that I wouldn't help you do that?
I don't know anybody who thinks that Tom can do that.
I don't know anyone who thinks that Tom can do that.
I don't know anyone who thinks Tom can do that.
I wonder what made Tom think that he had to do that.
Do you really think that we don't have to do that?
Do you really think that Tom can convince Mary to do that?
Do you really think that Tom doesn't need to do that?
I think that it's impossible for us to do that today.
What was I thinking when I said that I'd do that?
I don't think that I'm healthy enough to do that.
I don't think that I'm strong enough to do that.
I don't think that we should take that kind of risk.
We didn't think that about that until it was too late.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will show up today.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will show up today.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will drink any beer.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will drink any beer.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will drink any beer.
I think that we should tell Tom that he needs to work harder.
I think that we should tell Tom he needs to work harder.
I think we should tell Tom he needs to work harder.
I don't want you to think that I don't mean that.
I think that it'd be better if you didn't do that.
Don't you think that we should let Tom try doing that again?
I think that it would be really good for you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will ever be able to do that.
Do you think that Tom is strong enough to lift that by himself?
I think that you should tell Tom that you don't like him.
Tom didn't think that I'd notice that he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think that I'd notice he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think I'd notice he wasn't there.
How long do you think that you'll be able to do that?
I think that it's great that you're able to do that.
Why did you think that it was a good idea to do that?
I think that we should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom he needs to do that.
I think we should tell Tom he needs to do that.
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that for me?
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom that he has to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom he has to do that.
I think we should tell Tom he has to do that.
Do you think that anyone will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think that anybody will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think anybody will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would like me to help him do that?
Do you think that Tom would like me to do that for him?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we had to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we had to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we had to do that?
Do you think anybody would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think that anybody would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if I didn't do that?
Why did you think that it was a bad idea to do that?
Do you think that you could convince Tom to volunteer to do that?
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
Do you think that we'll ever find a way to do that?
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
What makes you think that Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for you to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for Tom to do that?
Do you think that it would be possible for Tom to do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think that anybody would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anybody would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for me to do that?
What makes you think that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
What makes you think that Tom won't know how to do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if Mary didn't do that?
When do you think that Tom is going to want to do that?
Why did Tom think that it was a bad idea to do that?
I wish Tom would take a break.
I wish that Tom would take a break.
I wish Tom wouldn't take breaks so often.
I wish that Tom wouldn't take breaks so often.
I wish Tom wouldn't take so many breaks.
I wish that Tom wouldn't take so many breaks.
Do you think that Tom would care if I didn't do that?
Why did Tom think that it was a good idea to do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if we didn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would mind if we didn't do that?
Tom says that he thinks that it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says he thinks that it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says that he thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says that he doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom says that he doesn't think that it'll be possible to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think that it'll be possible to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be so determined to do that.
I think that it's important that we finish doing this before Monday.
I think that it's important we finish doing this before Monday.
I heard they were going to get married.
I think it's important we finish doing this before Monday.
I think that it was Tom that I saw getting on the bus.
I think that it was Tom I saw getting on the bus.
I think it was Tom I saw getting on the bus.
Do you think that Tom will be able to do that by himself?
I heard Tom and Mary were going to get married.
I heard that Tom and Mary were going to get married.
I heard Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
I heard that Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
Do you think that you could get Tom to do that for you?
I don't believe Tom is the murderer.
I don't believe that Tom is the killer.
I have a job that I have to do.
Tom handed an envelope full of cash to Mary.
I wish that I had time to do it.
Tom has been telling everybody what to do.
I can tell Tom doesn't believe Mary.
Tom said he doesn't like this color.
Tom knew that he had a job to do.
Tom says that he has a lot to do.
We think that Tom might be in imminent danger.
Tom knew that it would happen sooner or later.
I told Tom that I had to do that.
I think that I want to be a monk.
I can't believe that I just promised Tom that.
I hope that Tom is in a good mood.
Don't you think that Tom might object to this?
I hope that Tom is going to be OK.
I hope that Tom will be OK.
I honestly didn't know that Tom would be here.
I need to buy Tom a gift.
I want to buy Tom a gift.
I know that it means a lot to Tom.
I hate to say that I told you so.
Tom never knew I secretly hated him.
I wish that I had a lot of money.
I'm pretty sure that I'll never see Tom again.
I'm pretty sure that I won't see Tom again.
Tom told me that I had to go home.
I told Tom that it was a bad idea.
Could you lend me 10,yen?
Do you think that there's a chance that you can do that?
Do you think that there's a chance you can do that?
Do you think there's a chance you can do that?
I don't think that I have the energy to walk that far.
I didn't think that it would be that easy to do that.
Don't you think that it's strange that Tom isn't here?
Don't you think that it's strange Tom isn't here?
I think that it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will ever face criminal charges.
Tom didn't think that it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think that it was likely Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think it was likely Mary was still at home.
The police didn't think that it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police didn't think that it was likely Tom had killed himself.
The police didn't think it was likely Tom had killed himself.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will come to the party alone.
I think it's unlikely Tom will come to the party alone.
I don't think that there's any chance that Tom will believe that.
I don't think that there's any chance Tom will believe that.
I think that we may have something that you'd be interested in buying.
I think that we may have something you'd be interested in buying.
I think we may have something you'd be interested in buying.
I think that I've found something that you might be interested in seeing.
I think that I've found something you might be interested in seeing.
I think I've found something you might be interested in seeing.
Tom said that he doesn't think that doing that is worth his time.
Tom said he doesn't think that doing that is worth his time.
Tom said he doesn't think doing that is worth his time.
I would think that Tom would be very glad to do that for you.
Do you really think that it was Tom who gave Mary that black eye?
Do you think that Tom has enough money to buy that kind of car?
I think that we're going to ask Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think that Tom was going to be able to do that.
Do you think that Tom would like it if I did that for him?
When do you think that Tom is going to want us to do that?
Why do you think that I'm the only one who can do that?
I don't think that there's any chance that Tom will help you.
I don't think that there's any chance Tom will help you.
I think that I'll need more time to convince Tom to do that.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think that I might buy that house on Park Street that's for sale.
Do you think that there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think that there's any chance Tom knows Mary's phone number?
I think that I'll be able to do that today before I go home.
I think that it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think that it's unlikely I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I still think that it's unlikely that we'll ever find someone to replace Tom.
I still think that it's unlikely we'll ever find someone to replace Tom.
I still think it's unlikely we'll ever find someone to replace Tom.
I still think that it's unlikely that we'll ever find somebody to replace Tom.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll ever find somebody to replace Tom.
I still think that it's unlikely we'll ever find somebody to replace Tom.
I still think it's unlikely we'll ever find somebody to replace Tom.
I can't believe that people think that Tom is intelligent.
I can't believe people think that Tom is intelligent.
I can't believe people think Tom is intelligent.
Tom said that he didn't think that it would rain.
Tom said he didn't think that it would rain.
Tom said he didn't think it would rain.
The problem is that Tom thinks that he's better than Mary.
Many people have told me that they think that I'm handsome.
Many people have told me they think that I'm handsome.
Many people have told me they think I'm handsome.
I found something out about Tom that I think that you should know.
Are you saying that you don't think that I can do it?
Are you saying you don't think that I can do it?
Are you saying you don't think I can do it?
Tom knew that Mary didn't think that John liked Alice very much.
Tom knew Mary didn't think that John liked Alice very much.
Tom knew Mary didn't think John liked Alice very much.
Tom said he doesn't care what other people think of him.
We believe that it was Tom who killed Mary.
We believe it was Tom that killed Mary.
We believe it was Tom who killed Mary.
Tom believes the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom had trouble believing Mary actually liked him.
Tom believed what Mary told him was true.
I believe Tom expects too much from us.
I think that Tom expects too much from us.
Tom believed nothing bad could happen to him.
The police no longer believe Tom murdered Mary.
Some people still believe the world is flat.
Tom really wanted to believe Mary was innocent.
It's hard to believe Tom could murder someone.
It's hard to believe that Tom could murder somebody.
It's hard to believe Tom could murder somebody.
It's hard to believe Tom really did that.
I can't believe Tom was in on it.
Tom didn't believe Mary would lie to him.
I can't believe Tom is older than Mary.
Tom will never believe I did it on purpose.
The police believe Tom was somehow involved in the murder.
I can't believe Tom did that for me.
I'd like to believe Tom told us the truth.
I can't believe Tom just left without saying anything.
Tom couldn't believe he'd just won the lottery.
I can't believe you're really in love with me.
Tom believes there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom believes the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
We don't believe Tom did what Mary said he did.
I just find it hard to believe Tom really believes that.
Tom believes that he has a very low carbon footprint.
I believe that you know what this is all about.
I have no reason to believe that Tom is lying.
What made you believe that Tom was telling the truth?
Tom believes that he can succeed where others have failed.
The police believe that Tom was involved in the murder.
I believe that I have no legal right to do so.
I believe that it's my duty to protect these children.
I can't believe that I actually thought Tom would change.
I can't believe that Tom named his kid after you.
I can't believe that Tom never told Mary about John.
I can't believe that Tom really said no to me.
I don't believe that you really want to hurt Tom.
I still can't believe that you and Tom got married.
I can't believe that Tom made such a stupid mistake.
I believe that you're trying to take advantage of me.
I can't believe that I actually wanted to marry you.
Do you really think that Tom is going to believe me?
I think that you're the only one who believes Tom.
I can't believe that this kind of thing still happens.
I don't care if anybody believes me or not.
I can't believe that you did all this by yourself.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary can get home by herself.
I can't believe that Tom did all this by himself.
I can't believe that three years has already gone by.
I can't believe that I just did what I did.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary did what John said she did.
Tom couldn't believe that it was already time to go home.
I just can't believe that Tom and Mary are getting married.
I can't believe that I let you talk me into this.
I can't believe that I let you talk me into volunteering.
I can't believe that I'm going to lose my job.
I can't believe that I'm talking to you about this.
I can't believe that Tom didn't tell us about Mary.
I can't believe that Tom is really planning on doing this.
I can't believe that Tom is really planning to do this.
I can't believe that Tom won't let us go there.
I can't believe that you're talking to me like this.
I can't believe that you really want us to do this.
I can't believe that you did all this without any help.
I can't believe that you don't think Mary is attractive.
I still can't believe that Mary and I are getting married.
I can't believe that you're not as excited as I am.
I can't believe that you weren't as impressed as I was.
I can't believe that Tom lied to my face about what happened.
I can't believe that we haven't run into each other before.
I can't believe that you don't want butter on your popcorn.
I can't believe that I let Tom talk me into doing this.
I can't believe that Tom thinks I'm a good chess player.
I can't believe that your parents let you come here by yourself.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary used to date each other.
I can't believe that I agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom believes that the day will come when there'll be no more wars.
I can't believe that you're going to give away all your money.
I can't believe that you're going to ask Mary to marry you.
I can't believe that I'm stuck here in this room with you.
I can't believe that it's already been a year since Tom left.
I can't believe that Tom did all of this without anyone's help.
I can't believe that Tom really wanted to go to Boston with you.
I can't believe that Tom walked all the way here from his house.
I still can't believe that I'm going to be on your team.
I can't believe that Tom is still talking about what happened two years ago.
I can't believe that Tom is giving Mary the car he bought last year.
I can't believe Tom is giving Mary the car that he bought last year.
I can't believe that Tom is giving Mary the car that he bought last year.
I can't believe that you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
I can't believe that you don't want to at least look out the window.
Tom is on the same team that I am.
Did you know Tom can't speak French?
What makes you think that I disagree with Tom?
I wish that I were as rich as Tom.
Tom says that he can't do anything about that.
Tom is a guy that you can lean on.
Tom is a man that you can rely on.
Tom is a man that you can trust.
I didn't realize that Tom was in the hospital.
Tom would've done the same thing that you did.
The truth is that Tom isn't really my brother.
I just asked because I thought that you would know.
I came because I thought that you might be here.
I just thought that you might want to eat something.
I just thought that I might be able to help.
Tom never thought that Mary would actually graduate from college.
Did Tom really say he thought that I was smart?
I never thought that Tom might not want to go.
Tom told Mary that he thought that she was an idiot.
Tom told Mary he thought that she was an idiot.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was an idiot.
Tom asked Mary if she thought that he was handsome.
Where did Tom say he thought that we should go?
Tom probably thought that I could help you this afternoon.
This is taking longer than I thought that it would.
Tom actually thought that Mary would go out with him.
Tom asked me if I thought that he looked fat.
Tom asked me if I thought that he looked tired.
I thought that I told you to handle this yourselves.
Tom did all he could to save Mary's life.
I want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom did everything he could to find Mary.
Tom did everything that he could to find Mary.
I want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom is on the same team that I'm on.
Tom is on the same team I'm on.
He attended school.
He was bullied.
He started to develop a political conscience.
Apartheid has become a tangible reality in the West Bank.
In 1950, Algeria was still under direct French colonial administration.
The separatist project is doomed to failure.
He ate Mrs Wood's good country food, and drank a lot of milk.
He's a devout Muslim.
He was a police officer in the Skikda police department.
He studied economics in Algiers.
He was born to a Muslim family.
He worked as a policeman in Skikda for four years.
He's a devoted Muslim.
He is proud to have become a Muslim.
He was born into a Muslim family.
He ended up going to Algeria.
He ended up going to Kabylie which is a region in Algeria.
The separatists have a strong web presence but almost no presence in real life.
Algeria has a strong and modern army.
Algeria remains politically close with China and Russia.
You can't drive from Algeria to Morocco. The border is closed.
Algeria's longest border is with Morocco.
Algeria's significant cities are located in the north of the country.
Algeria had a powerful navy during the Ottoman rule.
Algeria has a large developed population.
Algeria is culturally very similar to Morocco and Tunisia.
Algeria was a French colony between to 1962.
Algeria was colonized by the French between to 1962.
Algeria became independent on July 5, 1962.
Algeria will never be split by its enemies.
They crossed the border to settle in Algeria.
Algeria is rich in resources.
Algeria became independent in 1962.
The Algeria-Morocco conflict seems almost endless.
After Algeria got its independence in 1962, its population grew at a tremendous pace.
Algeria's economy grew so fast during the Bouteflika presidency.
Algeria has very few English speakers.
English literacy is very poor in Algeria.
Algeria has a lot of educated people.
In the 1960's, Algeria had a lot of uneducated people.
Algeria has a large urbanized population.
Algeria is an urbanized country.
Algeria has a large urban population.
Does Algeria need a federalized government?
Algeria has a favorable geography for agriculture.
Algeria has a good amount of highly educated people.
Can Algeria become a fast growing economy?
Are Algeria's economic reforms destined to fail?
Doesn't this couscous look delicious?
This Algerian restaurant is the best in the world.
She learned traditional Algerian cuisine.
The enemies of Algeria want to annihilate this country from existence.
Algeria is still recovering from the 1990's civil war.
The United States dropped more bombs on Laos than on Japan.
Algeria conducts more of its trade with the European Union.
In Algeria, the Chelif river flows from the Atlas mountains into the Mediterranean.
Algeria needs to intensify its liberalization process.
Algeria faces threats within and without.
Algeria has both internal and external threats.
Does Algeria need to reshape its geopolitical trajectory?
The majority of Algerians are descendants of the ancient Berber people that have lived in North Africa for thousands of years.
Muslim traders introduced Islam to Southeast Asia.
Northern Algeria is highly urbanized.
Algeria is a former colony of France.
Algeria has favorable economic relations with China.
The private sector is playing an increasingly important role in Algeria's economy.
Algeria's most distinct feature is the vastness of its territory.
Algeria's most distinct feature is the geographic diversity of its vast territory.
Northern Algeria is the agricultural center of the country.
Algeria is one of the most secure countries in Africa.
Invading Iran would be extremely costly and probably doomed to failure.
Washington knows very well that invading Iran would be extremely costly and probably doomed to failure.
Algeria exports mostly oil and gas.
Australia is America's poodle. It participates in American wars in order to receive security guarantees from Washington.
Australia depends on the US for its security.
Canberra depends on Washington for its security.
A civil war in Algeria would have tremendous consequences for North Africa.
"Can I get you something to drink?" "Yes, a beer for me, a water for my wife and a Coke for my son."
Unfortunately you'll have to wait until the table is available.
I came here to play football.
NATO membership is very costly.
He never talks about his married life.
He's opening a new cafe in Algiers.
He's watching his weight.
He's jealous of Skura and you.
I won't be back until next week.
He's going to tell you the truth.
He got me a drink.
His place is upstairs.
He lives upstairs.
I bought myself a jumper this morning.
She doesn't speak anymore with her daughters.
The worst mistake in this life is to constantly fear what one must do.
I have never woken up so early in the morning.
When I found out she had died, I immediately thought about her husband.
I had only one dream.
Learning German can be fun.
I am speaking Berber.
Tom accompanied the kids to the school.
The guests don't eat what they expect, but what they are offered.
On the paper she had enumerated the do's and don'ts for him.
To combat climate change, every town needs a dedicated arborist.
He realized she was being sarcastic when she flexed her fingers for flamboyant air quotes.
Kabylie is a really special place.
They're a devoted Muslim couple.
Her father is an imam.
His father is an imam, respected for his values.
He stands six feet tall.
I was just having a dream.
He went on a mission to Algeria.
He's suspected to be in Algeria.
He was in Algeria.
Maybe he's not in Algeria.
Maybe he's in Algeria.
Maybe he's in Algeria with Skura.
Why did he leave Algeria so suddenly?
He fled to Algeria.
They arrived in Algeria.
He voluntarily returned to Algeria.
You can't hide what you've done from God.
Men don't like bossy women.
He doesn't like my shoes.
Skura is on her way up.
He's on his way up.
He's in the elevator, on his way up.
He decided to study the Quran.
He decided to learn Berber.
They're Berber teachers.
You'll know better next time.
His father sent him to continue his studies in Algeria.
He became more interested in continuing his studies of Berber.
He should also study Berber.
He pursued multiple interests which, of course, included the Berber language.
Cézanne painted the Mont Saint-Victoire.
Cézanne painted the Mont Saint-Victoire over times.
The book was written originally in Berber.
Kitty the cat gets in the car to go for a ride.
He looked up from his phone.
He no longer lives in Algeria.
Berber is not our first language.
They agreed to come camping with me in Kabylie.
He said it with a thick Kabyle accent.
He got his jaw X-rayed.
He remembers having a very good childhood in Algeria.
He left the door slightly ajar.
He never told me why.
He told her about the dream.
He had a weird dream.
He went pale.
He stared at her.
He was whispering angrily.
He's so upset.
He continued to stare at me.
He flushed the toilet.
He went to live with Skura.
He vacated the lease.
He couldn't sleep in that place another night.
He told her to be quiet.
He came out of the bathroom.
He was at school.
He wanted revenge.
He saw his best friend walking to the bus stop.
He gave the little girl candy.
He wasn't alone.
He has a rap sheet the length of the Bible.
The squirrel gets into the tree to hide from the hungry owl.
It was easier than I thought that it would be.
I thought that I might find you two out here
I thought that I might find you two in here.
I always thought that Tom and Mary made a good couple.
Tom thought that the watch that Mary had given him was ugly.
Tom thought the watch that Mary had given him was ugly.
Tom thought that the food that Mary had prepared tasted pretty good.
Tom thought the food that Mary had prepared tasted pretty good.
Tom couldn't tell Mary what had happened.
I want to be a policeman when I grow up.
Tom started falling in love with Mary.
I want to know what you do for a living.
You're just not the person that I thought you were.
The black hole pulls the hapless star into its maw.
Here is the tablet.
This tablet is low weight but high price.
I like everything you do.
I've finally caught you.
What is your earliest memory?
Overtourism is a problem.
I'd like to live with mom and dad.
I never thought that I'd want to buy an iPad.
Maybe Tom thought that you wouldn't want to see him.
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.
I thought that you told me that you couldn't speak French.
I thought you told me that you couldn't speak French.
Tom told Mary that he thought that she'd already drunk enough.
Tom told Mary he thought that she'd already drunk enough.
Tom told Mary that he thought she'd already drunk enough.
Tom says that he's given it a lot of thought.
Tom read the French translation and thought that it sounded OK.
Tom probably thought that I didn't know who he was.
Tom probably thought that I wasn't able to speak French.
All of us except for Tom thought that Mary was guilty.
I actually thought that Tom was going to choke to death.
I found myself doing things that I thought I never would.
I found myself doing things that I thought that I never would.
I found myself doing things I thought that I never would.
I never thought that Tom would come back to Boston again.
I never thought that I'd see Tom in Boston again.
I thought the dress that Mary was wearing looked really nice.
I thought that the dress that Mary was wearing looked really nice.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought that John was nervous.
Tom and Mary told me they thought that John was nervous.
Tom always thought that he'd like to become a forest ranger.
I guess that Tom thought that it was too late to come visit.
I guess Tom thought that it was too late to come visit.
I guess that Tom thought it was too late to come visit.
Tom's mother thought that he needed to make some new friends.
Tom told Mary that he thought that she was behaving like a child.
Tom told Mary he thought that she was behaving like a child.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was behaving like a child.
Tom never thought that he'd have to come back here again.
I thought that Tom said that he wasn't going to get married.
I thought Tom said that he wasn't going to get married.
I thought that Tom said that he didn't want to get married.
I thought Tom said that he didn't want to get married.
I thought that the woman that I met yesterday was Tom's mother.
I thought the woman that I met yesterday was Tom's mother.
Tom thought that the amulet would one day protect him from witches.
The last person that I told my idea to thought that I was nuts.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought that he must be in heaven.
I didn't tell you because I thought that you weren't interested.
Tom told Mary he thought that she wasn't a very good driver.
Tom probably thought that I was going to Boston with him next weekend.
We really thought that Tom was going to stay for a few days.
I thought that I told you not to buy any more junk food.
I thought that I'd stop by and see how you were doing.
I never thought that it'd be this hard to build a picnic table.
I never thought that it'd be this hard to create an iPad app.
I heard a man's voice and thought that it sounded like Tom's.
I asked Tom why he thought that Mary wouldn't be at school today.
Just be glad that Tom didn't tell Mary what you really thought of her.
I thought that you said that we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought you said that we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
Tom is glad that the school year is finally over.
I'm so glad that we were able to meet you.
I'm glad that you made it home in one piece.
I'm glad that the two of you are in agreement.
I'm glad that Tom made it home in one piece.
I'm just glad that I got it done on time.
I'm glad that it's not coming out of my pocket.
I just want to say that I'm glad that you're here.
I just want to say I'm glad that you're here.
I just want to say that I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad that someone told me what needed to be done.
I'm glad that somebody told me what needed to be done.
I'm glad somebody told me what needed to be done.
I'm very glad that you feel the same way I do.
I'm so glad that you and Tom get along so well.
I'm glad that you warned me before it was too late.
I'm glad that you stayed in Boston for an extra three days.
Aren't you glad that you didn't have to go to Boston?
I'm glad that the guys who broke into your house got caught.
I'm so glad that Tom was able to get his driver's license.
I'm glad that you were able to be with Tom on his birthday.
I'm glad that I didn't do everything that Tom asked me to do.
I'm glad I didn't do everything that Tom asked me to do.
I'm glad that I didn't do everything Tom asked me to do.
Aren't you glad that Tom gave us enough money to buy something to eat?
I'm glad that Tom was able to see you while you were in Boston.
I'm glad that you were able to be with your parents on Christmas Day.
I'm really glad that I was able to do that.
I'm glad that Tom told me how to do that.
I'm glad that you showed me how to do that.
I can't believe you aren't at least willing to consider doing that.
I can't believe that you really believe that's going to happen.
I can't believe that you really believe that that's going to happen.
I can't believe that I just promised I'd do that.
I don't believe that I can do that by myself.
I can't believe that I finally managed to do that.
I can't believe that you really have to do that.
I can't believe that you really need to do that.
I can't believe that I just promised that I'd do that.
I can't believe I just promised that I'd do that.
Did Tom say he that thought he needed to do that?
I thought that I told you not to do that anymore.
I thought that I told you not to do that here.
I asked Tom if he really thought that I could do that.
Did Tom say that he thought that it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say he thought that it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say that he thought it would be easy to do that?
Did you ask Tom if he thought that he'd be able do that?
Tom says that he needs to help Mary do that.
When did Tom say he heard that story?
Tom says that he doesn't have to do that today.
Did Tom say that it was necessary for us to do that?
Tom was the first one to say that he'd do that.
I can't say that I'm surprised that Tom did that.
I can't say that I'm surprised Tom did that.
Tom said he couldn't wait to do that.
Tom said he had a wonderful time in Australia.
I know Tom didn't do what he said he did.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't from Boston even though she said that she was.
Tom knew Mary wasn't from Boston even though she said that she was.
Tom knew Mary wasn't from Boston even though she said she was.
Some girl named Mary said that she was looking for you.
I lied when I said that I didn't know Tom.
Tom said that he didn't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wish that I never had to do that again.
I hope that you can schedule time to do that.
Tom knew that Mary had to help John do that.
Tom had no idea he was being conned.
Did you know I used to do that?
I wish that I could get Tom to do that.
I heard you were being bullied at school.
Most of us still wish that Tom would do that.
Is it true you wanted to do that?
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't like him.
Tom has decided to become a monk.
Tom had no idea he was being lied to.
Tom realized that he didn't have to do that anymore.
How did you find out Tom enjoys doing that?
Don't forget you need to do that today.
Don't forget you have to do that today.
I hope that Tom knows when he needs to do that.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to do that.
Tom has vowed he won't do that again.
I'm sure that Tom will know how to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will be eager to do that.
Tom has already told me that I have to do that.
Tom didn't tell me that he intended to do that.
I'm sure that you could do that if you try.
You're the one who suggested I do this.
Did you like the movie you went to yesterday?
I assured Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
We need to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
I wish that I could give you more information.
I wish that I'd never asked you that question.
I wish that my wife wouldn't complain so much.
I wish that this kind of thing never happened.
I wish that we could've gone a little further.
Tom picked his daughter up at day care.
I'm pretty sure it won't snow today.
Tom knew he was the prime suspect.
Who told Tom he could leave early?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to say yes.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be late.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be arrested.
When was the last time that you went shopping?
Tom didn't realize that he had to help Mary.
I think we should forget about this.
What books would you suggest I read?
Tom said Mary did that by herself.
Tom said Mary intended to do that.
Tom said Mary intends to do that.
Tom said Mary ought to be careful
Tom said Mary won't do that again.
Tom says that Mary didn't seem to be hungry.
Tom says that Mary didn't seem to be sleepy.
Tom says that Mary didn't seem sleepy.
Tom says that Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom says that Mary isn't permitted to do that.
Tom says that Mary will never do that again.
Tom says that he doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom says that he doesn't know why Mary left.
Tom says that he hopes Mary doesn't do that.
Tom says that he hopes that Mary doesn't do that.
I'll do everything that you've asked me to do.
Tom says that he hopes that Mary won't be afraid.
Tom says he hopes that Mary won't be afraid.
Tom says that he hopes Mary won't be afraid.
Tom still thinks that Mary wants to do that.
Did you really think that I wouldn't help you?
Tom told Mary that he would always love her.
Tom told Mary John didn't do that.
Tom told Mary that they could do that today.
Is it true you wanted to live in Australia?
Tom was afraid he was going to look stupid.
Tom knew he could turn to Mary for help.
Tom was lucky his toast fell right side up.
Tom is aware the police are looking for Mary.
I didn't know Tom was a police officer.
Tom had no idea he was so badly injured.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she was going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody that she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary told everybody that she was going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone that she was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary told everyone that she was going to do that.
I'm sure that Tom could show you how to do that.
When did Tom tell you you had to do that?
How did you find out Tom couldn't do that?
Why didn't you tell me Mary was so beautiful?
You're the only one that was supposed to do that.
You're the only person that can help me do that.
You're the only person that I know who can do that.
Tom is hoping that he won't be chosen to do that.
It seems Tom's only choice is to do that.
I've begun to have doubts that'll ever happen.
Tom knew he couldn't turn to Mary for help.
Tom was worried someone would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried that somebody would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried somebody would discover details about his past.
Who's that woman that I saw you with the other night?
Tom convinced Mary she needed to go see a doctor.
Is that blue car that's parked in front of my house yours?
Tom knew that Mary told John that she wasn't going to do that.
Tom knew Mary told John that she wasn't going to do that.
Tom didn't realize Mary didn't want to do that.
Are you certain that it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to do anything he suggested.
How did you find out Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
I'm sure that Tom will be happy to do that for you.
Tom realized that he wasn't likely to be able to do that.
You're not the only one that's supposed to do that.
Why didn't you tell me that you were going to do that?
Mary said that she didn't want me to do that for her.
The dress Mary bought yesterday doesn't fit her very well.
I'm the only person that can probably help Tom do that.
I'm the one that convinced Tom to try to do that.
Tom has already been told he's required to do that.
Is it true short people need more sleep than tall people?
The painting hanging on the wall was painted by Tom.
I didn't mean to imply what you did was wrong.
Tom was lucky his toast fell with the buttered side up.
Tom listened to the message Mary had left on his voicemail.
Tom hoped Mary would find it in her heart to forgive him.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be doing that.
Why didn't you tell me that you weren't going to do that?
It's reasonable to assume Tom was the one who did that.
Tom hasn't yet been told he doesn't need to do that.
I hope that Tom won't tell me I should do that.
I hope that Tom is present at our next meeting.
I was kind of hoping that Tom would be here.
I hope that Tom did what you told him to do.
I hope that we get to Tom's house before it gets dark.
I still wish that I didn't have to do that.
I wish that we didn't have to do that today.
Tom wished that he knew what needed to be done.
Tom wished that he had parents like all the other children.
I've always kind of wished that I'd forgiven Tom when I had the chance.
I'll make sure I never do that again.
Tom was sure that Mary knew she had to do that.
I'm sure that you won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that we'll find a way to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will be happy to show you how to do that.
Tom was very sure that Mary could take care of herself.
We need to make sure that this doesn't happen again.
Let's be sure that we're all who we say we are.
Tom tried his best to make sure that Mary had a good time.
I'm sure that you're going to enjoy yourselves at the party.
How do you make sure that people do what you ask them to do?
Are you certain that it was Tom you saw doing that?
I suggest that you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
I wonder why Tom suggested that I do that by myself.
Was Tom the one who suggested you do that?
Why didn't you tell me that you couldn't do that without my help?
Don't forget to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary she has to do that this week.
Don't forget to tell Mary she needs to do that this week.
Why didn't you tell me that you were planning to go to Australia?
I'll do that the way that you told me to.
I told Tom that Mary didn't have to do that.
I told Tom that Mary didn't need to do that.
I told Tom that it was OK for him to do that.
I've done everything Tom told me I should do.
You're not doing that the way that I told you to.
Was Tom the one who told you you needed to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you you shouldn't do that?
Was Tom the one who told you you had to do that?
Please tell me how you found out Tom did that.
I hope that Tom doesn't discover the truth.
Don't forget you have clothes in the washing machine.
Don't forget you need to pay your rent tomorrow.
Tom knew how to make Mary forget she was homesick.
Don't forget Tom is coming over for dinner this evening.
I jumped out of bed and ran outside, forgetting I was naked.
I forgot Tom would do that for us.
I forgot I'd promised to do that.
Tom says that he forgot that he'd promised to do that.
Tom says that he forgot he'd promised to do that.
I think that I forgot to give a key to Tom.
Tom realizes there's still hope.
Tom didn't realize Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
Tom was the first one to realize Mary was in pain.
It won't be long before Tom realizes he made a mistake.
Tom didn't realize that Mary had to help John.
Tom soon realized that he wasn't going to be able to help.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was going to have to leave early.
I was pretty mad when I realized that Tom had stolen my bicycle.
Tom realized that he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom realized that he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom realized that he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
Tom realized that he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom realized that he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
It's true Tom said that.
I have some ideas that I'd like to share with you.
Tom promised that he'd win.
Tom promised that he'd help us on October 20th.
Tom has promised he'll do that.
Tom assumed that the bracelet belonged to Mary.
I guess that Tom was in Australia.
I guess that Tom really had to go.
I was really afraid that that might happen.
I'm afraid that it was unnecessary.
I'm afraid that Tom is sick.
I'm afraid that Tom won't be able to make it.
I was afraid that I wasn't going to be able to find my way out of the cave.
I wasn't aware Tom was married.
I told you that I hated that shirt.
Tom and Mary told John they were leaving.
I wonder why my name isn't on the list.
Tom and Mary took pictures of each other.
I'm happy to see you two getting along.
Tom asked me some very strange questions.
I want to be a carpenter when I grow up.
He must have loved them a great deal.
My daughter breeds African cichlids from Lake Malawi.
The doctor said that his back pain resulted from a herniated disk.
No shenanigans while I am at the grocery store, you two!
What kind of a rotten asswipe would behave that way?
The wolverine is an omnivore.
Wolverines are omnivores.
I must confess that my modest and worthless work here has included the translation (usually from English to Portuguese and Esperanto) of model sentences about Tom and Mary or about Sami and Layla. But I believe that it is worthwhile to also have sentences of different kinds added to Tatoeba's millionfold and exemplary corpus, even if they are less modern or less current.
He really needs to go home.
He doesn't even have a TV in his room.
He grew up in an orphanage in Algeria.
He started decorating the Christmas tree.
He sent her a postcard from Algeria.
He looks like an astronaut.
He didn't say that.
He used to dress like that.
He was wearing Italian boots.
He headed for the mall.
He saw that in a movie.
He can do that.
He escorted Skura to the dance.
He drove.
He drove that night.
He has an excuse, too.
He attended the seminar.
He attended a self-help seminar.
Don't kill me please.
It didn't cost as much as I expected.
Tom is turning yellow.
I have found a song about your city.
Have a nice trip! Call me from Paris!
We'll both take a carriage ride later.
He can't possibly find her unattractive.
He owns a hardware store in his hometown in Algeria.
He doesn't want to wash any dishes.
He doesn't have to wash any dishes.
He wants four copies of that book.
The conversation with Maria ended in a fight.
He saved up enough money.
He has no shoes.
His book is going to give us so much publicity.
He ran back to the gas station.
He ran back to the police station.
He ran back to the hospital.
He ran back to the station.
He ran back to the bus station.
He ran back to the railway station.
He ran back to the train station.
He had this dog for over fourteen years.
He didn't want Skura on his team.
He really likes our show.
I would like to have a piece of cheese, please.
I think that looks really ugly.
"So, is it good?" "Yes, but I think the portions are too big."
I have the impression that I've seen you before.
She lives next to him.
This group is against everybody who has a different opinion.
Are you looking for a suit? For what occasion?
Everything is possible with money.
She gathers healing herbs.
She is gathering healing herbs.
Today we create tomorrow.
Do you run daily?
I don't understand this system.
He goes next month to New York.
He was doing the dishes.
He cleaned the place.
Let's not the darkness win.
Don't get on my nerves.
They didn't leave me any other options.
They sent me here.
Can we talk about this in private? With no one else present?
I'm not afraid of the devil.
I'm actually looking forward to seeing Tom again.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom again.
You're welcome here any time you like.
You're welcome here any time.
The Trump administration has thrown out Obama-era rules that expended federal protection of waterways from pollution, a move environmentalists say they will challenge in court.
The Waters of the United States Act protects wetlands and streams from pollution by pesticides, mine waste and fertilizers.
The last two known female Northern White Rhinos are fed carrots by a ranger in their enclosure at Ol Pejeta Conservancy, Kenya, Aug. 23, 2019.
"Today we achieved an important milestone on a rocky road which allows us to plan the future steps in the rescue program of the northern white rhino,'' said Thomas Hildebrandt of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Germany.
The conservationists hope to create a herd of at least five animals that can be introduced back into the wild in Africa.
Tens of thousands of tons of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear plant might have to be released into the Pacific Ocean, Japan's environment minister said Tuesday.
For the past eight years since the meltdown of Fukushima's three reactors, some tons of radioactive water have been pumped out of the damaged buildings every day.
Japan's vast fishing industry, as well as its neighbor South Korea, have strongly opposed the idea of dumping the contaminated water into the ocean.
The water, used to cool damaged fuel cores after the plant was damaged by the earthquake and tsunami in 2011, is being stored in giant tanks at the site. But the storage space is running out.
Tokyo Electric Power, which operates the nuclear plant, has said it will run out of storage space for the water in 2022.
British scientists say they have found water for the first time in the atmosphere of a planet outside our solar system.
Researchers at University College London said Wednesday they found water vapor in a planet's air light years from Earth that has temperatures suitable for life as we know it.
More than 4,exoplanets have been detected, but scientists say it is the only known exoplanet that has water, temperatures needed for life and a rocky surface.
The birth rate in the US is higher than in many wealthy nations but it is declining.
Americans are marrying later and having fewer children in general.
It is not known if the planet, twice the size of Earth and eight times its mass, has water flowing on its surface.
Scientists say the so-called Super Earth is an ideal distance from its sun to conceivably harbor life.
The planet, known as K2-18b, was discovered in by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
"Finding water in a potentially habitable world other than Earth is incredibly exciting," said Angelos Tsiaras, lead author of the UCL report that was published in the journal Nature Astronomy.
K2-18b is not 'Earth 2.0' but it brings us closer to answering the fundamental question: Is the Earth unique?
Scientists expect future space missions to detect hundreds of other exoplanets in coming decades.
A new generation of space exploration instruments will be able to describe exoplanet atmospheres in much greater detail.
The European Space Agency's ARIEL space telescope is scheduled for launch in and will observe some 1,planets, a sampling large enough to identify patterns and outliers.
A six-foot-tall plastic Tyrannosaurus rex stands guard outside Robert Bowen’s fossil shop on Pine Street in downtown, Kemmerer, Wyo.
“One of the fun things about some of the fossils is, they tell stories,” Bowen said, pointing to a fossilized stingray hanging on the shop wall.
The beautifully preserved disc-shaped skeleton has a chunk missing from its left side.
“He got a little too close to a turtle or an alligator,” he explained. “You can see the elongated bite mark.”
The town of Kemmerer calls itself “Wyoming’s Aquarium in Stone.” Quarries just outside town yield schools of fossilized fish with just a few taps of a chisel.
A freshwater lake covered the region million years ago.
The backbone of the town’s economy, however, is a different kind of fossil: fossil fuel.
A coal mine feeds the Naughton Power Plant just outside town.
Tom sits on the town council.
The plant and the mine provide about jobs and the bulk of the tax base in the town of about 3,people.
While coal has powered the industrialized world for centuries, an energy transition is underway around the world.
Simple economics is pushing coal out of markets it once dominated.
The cost of natural gas, wind and solar power have plunged in the last decade or so.
Wyoming has not embraced the energy transition.
Environmental arguments for zero-emission wind and solar power don’t get much traction in Wyoming.
Wyoming has the nation’s lowest rate of acceptance that humans are the main cause of climate change.
We have been reticent, or maybe just slow, or maybe we’ve denied the changes that are going on. And so we’ve been slow to react to them. We haven’t been proactive. We’ve been reactive.
Painted wooden signs around town point to the region’s attractions: boating, snowmobiling and, of course, fossils.
One sign proclaims Kemmerer the “World Fossil Capital.”
“One of the things that we could be pushing a lot harder is paleo tourism,” Bowen said.
The town could do more to promote fossil safaris out to the nearby quarries, where visitors can easily find their own fossils to take home.
Fossil tourism alone won’t save the town, he said, but it would help.
Like the creatures entombed in stone here, Kemmerer must adapt or go extinct.
In the kitchen
Malaria kills around 435,people every year, most of them children.
Eradicating malaria won't be easy.
“Just like you might be accustomed to Ford or Chevy, on the farm, it’s either Case or John Deere,” said farmer Megan Dwyer of Colona, Illinois.
Some of the Case machinery Dwyer’s family purchased in the 1970s is older than she is and still in use today.
She admits they could use new equipment, but being able to afford it is another matter.
We’re operating at a loss right now.
Farmers in America face their fifth consecutive year of below-average income.
U.S. tariffs have raised prices on imported aluminum and steel, increasing the cost to manufacture farm equipment in the United States, such as tractors and combines.
Retaliatory tariffs by China have decreased demand and overall prices for crops like soybeans, ultimately affecting a farmer’s bottom line, forcing many to hold off purchasing large, expensive equipment.
Because I’ve grown up with farming, I never think that it’s something people are really interested in. It’s like, oh, that’s just how you get your food. But then, like hundreds and hundreds of people come to every single event, and it’s like whoa….
Jonah and Leah live in a beautiful, straw-bale, timber-framed home that they built from hand.
I'm so excited to be here with all of you.
I'm so grateful to work here every day. It's so nice.
I'm so grateful to work here every day.
The volunteers that we have are so wonderful and caring and just want to help their community.
It's really great to work here.
It's hard for kids to know exactly where their food is coming from. They know that their parents get it from the grocery store, but they don't know how it gets there.
We love having bees on the property.
This morning, we harvested peppers, tomatoes and cabbage.
This is the best farmers market in Boston by far.
This is the best farmers market in Boston.
Everything is fresh.
Everything is locally grown.
I come here at least four times a week.
I can't say enough good things about this.
I started asking people simply to put the money, the change, for the tomatoes in the front door.
I've never lived anywhere where there was such a strong honor system.
I wanted to not only give him what I owed him, but I wanted to give more because I thought: Wow, what kind of person is being so trustful.
I just trust them and they put the money in and it all works out, and actually, sometimes I think I have more money than what I should have.
We don't do any advertising at all. It's all word of mouth.
We go to great lengths to keep the soil biology active and growing.
We are so thankful for this day.
Aren't you going to eat a little?
In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.
When the Lord and Heavenly Father gave Adam and Eve the garden he said, “Go forth, till, work this ground, make it beautiful.”
As climate change tightens its grip, environmentalists see carbon-absorbing forests as one of the planet's best defenses.
Increasingly, conservation groups are embracing the concept of working lands, where human activity and wildlife protection coexist rather than conflict.
Conservation groups are pushing back against the conventional wisdom that conservation and economic growth are opposites.
Wildlife needs connected corridors to get around, especially as climate change pushes them out of their old habitats.
Internships can be traced to apprenticeships of the Middle Ages, where craftsmen trained unskilled labor in a trade.
The last word in the Bible is "Amen."
Currently, at least 60% of college graduates have completed an internship, according to the National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE).
In 2014, 46.5% of internships were unpaid.
The villa Farnese has a beautiful garden.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit, be with you all. Amen.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
The first word of the Bible is "In."
An internship is the most important credential for entering the job market.
Employers often value experience more than academics, such as a college major or grades.
"Recent studies have indicated that students graduating with internship experiences, in general, are more likely than students without those experiences to find employment upon graduation," wrote the NACE Journal in May 2017.
Unless interns are living at home, they must find a way to pay for housing, food and transportation.
Top cities by population — New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington — offer the most internships. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, these cities are among the most expensive in the country.
In this Tuesday, June 19, photo, Maria Darrow, of Falmouth, Maine, right, who will start her sophomore year at Amherst College in the fall, plants strawberries as part of her paid internship at a community farm in Amherst, Mass.
Erin Johansson, research director of Jobs With Justice, a nonprofit organization that advocates for workers' rights, said she believes unpaid internships limit employment equality.
No qualified candidate should have to turn down the opportunity to intern on Capitol Hill in order to make ends meet.
In June 1948, Soviet troops closed all rail, road and river access to the city of Berlin in an effort to choke it off.
The move prompted the United States and its allies to come up with a bold plan to supply more than million tons of goods by air to the divided city.
Many Germans remain grateful to those who provided aid at a desperate time, in a mission that set a precedent for the Cold War and beyond.
Out of the cloudy skies over Wiesbaden, Germany, on a warm June day, gifts descend from the heavens, dropping like rain onto the fields below, much to the delight of hundreds of children waiting on the ground.
The blockade began in June 1948, when Soviet troops closed all rail, road and river access to Berlin in one of the first flashpoints of the Cold War. It prompted the United States and its allies to come up with a bold plan to supply the citizens of Berlin with more than million tons of goods by air to the divided city.
Halvorsen was one of hundreds of pilots who flew missions in and out of Berlin, and immortalized the event in personal films taken during the operation, where the children became the star of his movies and his memories.
As the mission dragged on, Halvorsen decided to add something to the menu in a gesture that now defines the historic event.
“Kids who were kids then tell me how it was to be walking to school and out of the clouds came a parachute with candy bars that almost hit them on the head,” he said.
Halvorsen spent his free time out of the cockpit tying candy to small, hand-made parachutes that could be dropped out of the window of his aircraft while coming in for a landing over the city of Berlin.
“Operation Little Vittles,” as Halvorsen’s candy drop came to be known, wasn’t exactly authorized.
“I was surprised I didn’t get court-martialed,” the man who is remembered fondly in Germany as the “Candy Bomber” recounted. “I did something pretty radical there. I knew I was out of bounds.”
Halvorsen’s superiors, recognizing the impact his candy drops were having on the morale of those in blockaded Berlin, eventually supported his initiative that ultimately delivered tons of candy and chocolate.
A Douglas C-47, called "Rosinenbomber" (German for "raisin bomber") and used during the Berlin Airlift, stands on the tarmac to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift at the U.S. Army's airfield in Wiesbaden, Germany, June 10, 2019.
Though the airlift ended years ago, many Germans remain grateful to all those who helped them survive the blockade, including “The Candy Bomber” Halvorsen, now years old, who still visits with those in Germany he once reached out to across the Iron Curtain of the Cold War.
I can't say enough good things about Tom.
Everything is grown locally.
All the vegetables are locally grown.
All these vegetables are locally grown.
Tom thought he was dreaming.
Tom and Mary tried to outdo each other.
Tom comes here at least four times a week.
Tom and Mary come here at least four times a week.
Tom does this at least four times a week.
Tom and Mary looked at the ruins.
The Romans built aqueducts.
The ancient Romans were famous for their advanced engineering.
The Romans built many aqueducts.
Fountains are fun.
There's a fountain in the middle of the garden.
There's a fountain at the center of the park.
Does she know this?
Does he know this?
Go chase yourself!
She's like an angel.
Mary is like an angel.
Tom opened up.
Tom opened up, and so did Mary.
Can I also take notes?
The gardener clipped the hedge.
The gardener clipped the topiary.
Tom has a bachelor pad.
He is already over 70.
I don't understand what she wants to say.
A lazy student doesn't like the teacher.
It was a lie and he knew it.
It was a lie and she knew it.
It was a lie and Tom knew it.
This ain't half-bad.
This isn't half-bad.
This garden is lovely.
This house is charming.
This cake isn't half bad.
Tom and Mary raised their kids in Boston.
I wanted to be the center of attention.
Tom and Mary talk on the phone every day.
I wish I could play the trumpet better.
I wish that I could play the trumpet better.
This was on your doorstep.
Tom realized he was drowning.
Tom realized Mary was lying.
Tom realized Mary was dead.
Tom realized Mary had fainted.
Tom realized he was dying.
Tom realized he might be late.
Tom realized Mary might be busy.
Tom realized Mary might be hungry.
Tom realized Mary might be tired.
Tom finally realized Mary was right.
I realize there's a problem.
Tom quickly realized something was wrong.
Tom realized Mary wasn't happy.
Tom suddenly realized Mary loved him.
Tom realized Mary wanted to leave.
Tom realized he had lost his wallet.
Eventually, Tom will realize he needs help.
Tom realized he might be in danger.
Tom realized he might need more money.
Tom finally realized he'd been wrong.
When did you realize you were wrong?
Tom didn't realize Mary was lying.
Tom realized it wasn't a joke.
Tom realized Mary didn't like him.
Tom realized he was on his own.
Tom began to realize Mary was lying.
I didn't realize Tom was lying.
I didn't realize Tom had left.
Tom realized he had no money on him.
I didn't realize Tom was so gullible.
Tom didn't realize there was a problem.
Tom realized Mary might be a little upset.
Tom realized Mary wasn't happy in Boston.
Tom realized what Mary said wasn't true.
We finally realized we shouldn't be there.
Tom realized Mary had been lying to him.
Tom realized he had fallen in love with Mary.
Tom didn't realize he had made a mistake.
Tom realized Mary might not like him so much.
Tom soon realized Mary had stolen all his money.
Tom finally realized Mary didn't really like him.
I didn't realize Tom didn't know French.
I realize Tom was the one who did that.
Tom quickly realized he was different from the other children.
I didn't realize I needed to be here yesterday.
I didn't realize Tom used to be a teacher.
I didn't realize Tom wouldn't be here today.
I didn't realize Tom had never gone to high school.
Tom soon realized no one was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized that nobody was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized nobody was paying any attention to him.
Tom realized he couldn't play tennis as well as Mary.
Tom realized he wasn't as smart as the other kids.
Tom realized he wasn't the same as the other kids.
Tom and Mary soon realized they shouldn't have done that.
Tom was smart enough to realize he shouldn't be there.
I didn't realize Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom didn't realize Mary wasn't having a good time.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary used to be married.
When I got home, I realized one of my suitcases had disappeared.
Tom realized Mary wasn't paying attention to what he was saying.
I didn't realize Tom didn't have a driver's license.
I didn't realize Tom wanted me to do that with him.
I didn't realize Tom wanted me to do that for him.
I realized even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
Tom realized he hadn't paid the bill, so he went back into the restaurant.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think that I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize this may sound crazy, but I think that I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
When we started out, we realized if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized he had eaten half a worm.
I realize that I messed up.
Tom realized that he was alone.
I realized that I needed help.
Tom realized that Mary was serious.
Tom realized that it was hopeless.
We realized that it was pointless.
Tom realized that he was in trouble.
Tom realized that he wasn't alone.
I realized that I couldn't win.
I realized that I wasn't ready.
Tom realized that he had no choice.
Tom realized that Mary was probably sleepy.
Tom realized that Mary was very confused.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't listening.
Tom realized that something wasn't right.
Tom suddenly realized that something was wrong.
Tom realized that he had been unreasonable.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't kidding.
Tom realizes that he's being ignored.
Tom suddenly realized that he was wrong.
Tom realized that he was a suspect.
Tom realized that he had a mission.
Tom realized that he couldn't talk.
Tom realized that Mary had a gun.
Tom suddenly realized that he loved Mary.
Tom realized that he had to leave.
Tom realized that Mary had to leave.
Tom realized that he was being followed.
I realized that this would never work.
Tom realized that it was time to go.
Tom realized that there was no toilet paper.
Tom suddenly realized that he wasn't alone.
I didn't realize that you had company.
I didn't realize that you knew Tom.
I didn't realize that you were Canadian.
I didn't realize that it was you.
I didn't realize that Tom played golf.
I didn't realize that you were awake.
I didn't realize that you were here.
I didn't realize that you were serious.
I realize that it's hard to believe.
I realize that it's probably too late.
Doesn't Tom realize that Mary loves him?
I didn't realize that you were hungry.
I didn't realize that you were tired.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was serious.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was tired.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was unhappy.
Tom realized that Mary was deliberately avoiding him.
Tom realized that Mary was probably getting hungry.
Tom realized that Mary was up to something.
Tom suddenly realized that he was in danger.
Tom finally realized that there was something wrong.
When did you realize that something was wrong?
Tom realized that Mary was waiting for him.
Tom realizes that he's made a mistake.
Tom realized that it was time to leave.
Tom realized that he was in deep trouble.
I realized that it wasn't for me.
I didn't realize that you were already here.
You realize that Tom lives in Boston now, right?
Tom realized that Mary wasn't talking to him.
Tom realized that he'd said way too much.
I didn't realize that Tom was your father.
Tom realized that he was in love with Mary.
Tom realized that he was likely to be late.
Tom didn't realize that he was being followed.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't having much fun.
Tom realized that he didn't love Mary anymore.
I didn't realize that Tom was so tired.
I didn't realize that Tom was so rich.
Tom soon realized that he needed to help Mary.
Tom didn't realize that he was being rude.
Tom realizes that Mary doesn't like him very much.
Tom doesn't yet realize that he's in trouble.
Tom and Mary suddenly realized that they weren't alone.
I didn't even realize that Tom had a sister.
I didn't realize that it had gotten so late.
I didn't realize that we had a meeting scheduled.
Tom didn't realize that he'd made a mistake.
I didn't realize that you didn't understand French.
I didn't realize that you were allergic to peanuts.
Tom didn't realize that his socks didn't match.
Tom laughed before he realized that Mary wasn't joking.
I didn't realize that you were interested in it.
I didn't realize that I was getting so flabby.
I didn't realize that I was getting so fat.
Tom realized that he could be making a big mistake.
Tom didn't realize that he was in any danger.
I didn't realize that it was a big deal.
I didn't realize that you didn't like Tom.
Tom realized that he no longer needed to be there.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom realized that he had forgotten to lock the door.
Tom realized that there was nothing more he could do.
Tom realized that there was a lot left to do.
I didn't realize that Tom had to help Mary.
When I realized that it was raining, I took my umbrella.
I realized that I needed to study French a little harder.
When did you realize that Tom didn't like it here?
I didn't realize that you were so good at French.
I didn't realize that you and Tom were so close.
I didn't realize that you used to live in Boston.
I never realized that you were such a good French speaker.
Tom soon realized that there was someone else in the room.
Tom soon realized that there was somebody else in the room.
Tom soon realized there was somebody else in the room.
I checked my watch and realized that I was an hour early.
I'm sorry, Tom, I didn't realize that you were here.
Tom didn't realize that he had his sweater on inside out.
Tom smiled when he realized that Mary was about to kiss him.
When I got home, I realized that I had lost my wallet.
Tom realized that he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom realized that Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom realized that there was nothing he could do to help Mary.
Tom soon realized that there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom soon realized there was nothing that he could do to help.
Tom soon realized that there was nothing that he could do to help.
Tom realized that there were no cars parked in front of the school.
I realize that I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope that you'll consider going out with me.
I realize that I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope that you'll consider going out with me.
I'm sure that Tom will come back as soon as he realizes that he left his briefcase here.
I'm sure Tom will come back as soon as he realizes that he left his briefcase here.
I'm sure that Tom will come back as soon as he realizes he left his briefcase here.
In retrospect, Tom realized that he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
Tom stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized that Mary wasn't home.
Tom realized that he barely had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
Tom realized that he barely had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Tom started to answer the question and then realized that it was a rhetorical question.
At first, Tom seemed angry, but then I realized that he was just worried.
Tom realized that he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom didn't realize that Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom didn't realize that he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom soon realized that it was useless to try to convince Mary to stay.
Tom didn't even seem to realize that he'd hurt Mary's feelings.
How long will it take before Tom realizes that he's made a mistake?
I didn't realize that I was supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom wanted to get back home before the kids realized that he had left.
It didn't take Tom long to realize that he wasn't welcome there.
I didn't realize that you didn't know how to speak French.
I didn't realize that my wallet was missing until I got home.
I didn't realize that Tom was such a close friend of yours.
The police got the evidence that they needed.
The police have all the evidence that they need.
The police have all the evidence they need.
She hates shopping.
He loves shopping.
All these vegetables are grown locally.
Is it true Tom will swim?
Is it true Tom kissed you?
Is it true Tom did that?
Is it true Tom has a twin?
Is it true you can't swim?
Is it true Tom joined a cult?
Is it true Mary killed her husband?
Is it true Tom can't drive?
Is it true Tom can't swim?
Is it true Tom witnessed a murder?
Is it true Tom changed his name?
Is it true Tom is never wrong?
Is it true Tom went to Boston?
Is it true Tom is in jail?
Is it true Tom will do that?
Is it true Tom didn't win?
Is it true Tom won the race?
It's true Tom is in Australia.
Isn't it true you own a gun?
Is it true you and Tom were engaged?
Is it true you and Tom got married?
Is it true Tom and Mary got arrested?
Is it true Tom doesn't like Mary?
Is it true Tom can't speak French?
Is it true horses sleep while standing up?
Is it true you're Tom's sister?
Is it true you're Tom's brother?
Is it true Tom and Mary are dating?
Is it true Tom is going to Boston?
Is it true you just got out of prison?
Is it true you can't speak French?
Is it true you weren't here yesterday?
It's true that Tom is a strict father.
It's true Tom is a strict father.
Is it true Tom's father is famous?
Is it true Tom can't do that?
Is it true you're going to Boston?
Is it true Tom has been to Boston?
Is it true Tom was born in Boston?
It isn't true Tom saw a monster.
Is it true men have oilier skin than women?
Is it true you've never played poker before?
Is it true Tom doesn't like to swim?
Is it true Tom has never been to Boston?
Is it true Tom has three dogs at home?
Is it true Tom wants to live in Boston?
Is it true Tom was in Boston last week?
Is it true Tom doesn't know any French?
Is it true Tom doesn't like to sing?
Is it true you had a fight with Tom?
Is it true you wanted to live in Boston?
Is it true Tom jumped in front of a bus?
Is it true Tom lived in Boston for three years?
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?
Is it true Tom will go to Australia next year?
Is it true Tom won't come to our party?
Is it true Tom wasn't able to help Mary?
Is it true Tom was caught stealing from little kids?
Is it true you've never had a serious illness?
Is it true you're going to study in Boston?
Is it true illegal immigrants are taking jobs away from citizens who want them?
Is it true that you got married?
Is it true that you're moving to Boston?
Tom, is it true that you're dating Mary?
Is it true that you're a high school teacher?
Is it true that Tom is one of your close friends?
I had no idea you were coming.
Tom had no idea Mary was married.
Did you have any idea something was wrong?
Tom had no idea he was being rude.
Tom had no idea he was being cheated.
Tom had no idea Mary was a serial killer.
Tom had no idea Mary already had a boyfriend.
Tom had no idea Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom had no idea Mary wanted to do that.
Tom had no idea Mary hated him so much.
Tom had no idea he was being too noisy.
I had no idea Tom knew so much about zebras.
I had no idea Tom and Mary had split up.
I had no idea you were having trouble with Tom.
Tom had no idea Mary was going to be here.
Tom had no idea Mary had a crush on him.
We had no idea Tom was going to do that.
I had no idea Tom was going to be here.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
Where did you get the idea I don't like Tom?
Tom had no idea the police were watching his every move.
Tom had no idea Mary couldn't speak French at all.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to be here.
I had no idea Tom was going to leave me his estate.
Tom had no idea Mary was planning to stay in Boston for three more days.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that it would be a good idea to get there early.
I had no idea that you knew how to play the bassoon.
I certainly had no idea that Tom would be coming over tonight.
I had no idea that you didn't know how to swim.
I had no idea that you knew how to play the trombone.
I had no idea that you were planning to go to Boston.
I had no idea that you were planning on going to Boston.
I had a pretty good idea that Tom wouldn't like my suggestion.
I had no idea that you were so good at playing the guitar.
I certainly had no idea that Tom didn't know how to swim.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I had no idea that you didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea that Tom didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea that there was a bank so near your house.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't happy here.
I had no idea that you could speak French so well.
I had no idea that you were in here in Boston.
I had no idea that you were so good at cooking.
I had no idea that you were so good at French.
I had no idea that you knew how to speak French.
Tom says that he has no idea what he should do.
I had no idea that Tom couldn't speak any French.
I had no idea that Tom was Mary's husband.
I had no idea that you'd ever met Tom.
I had no idea that anyone lived in this cave.
I had no idea that anybody lived in this cave.
I had no idea anybody lived in this cave.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was studying French.
I had no idea that you couldn't speak French.
I had no idea that you didn't like carrots.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was angry.
I had no idea that you couldn't swim.
I had no idea that you were a teacher.
Tom had no idea that Mary could do this.
I had no idea that Tom was so strong.
I had no idea that Tom was so sick.
I had no idea that Tom wouldn't win.
Tom had no idea that Mary would be there.
I had no idea that you worked here.
I had no idea that anything was wrong.
I had no idea that you were unhappy.
I had no idea that you were here.
I had no idea that Tom knew French.
I had no idea that Tom would quit.
I had no idea that Tom was coming.
I had no idea that Tom was a doctor.
I had no idea that you could speak French.
I had no idea that you were so dedicated.
I had no idea that you were so ruthless.
I had no idea that you were so stupid.
I had no idea that you were so young.
I had no idea that you'd be here.
I had no idea that you were still alive.
I had no idea that you were involved.
I had no idea that you could dance.
I had no idea that you collected stamps.
Tom had no idea that Mary was sick.
I had no idea you were still alive.
Tom has to pay three hundred dollars.
Tom just doesn't care.
Did Tom get drunk again?
Tom won't be there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both have bikes.
Both Tom and Mary have bikes.
Tom is the only one I can trust.
Tom is the only one that I can trust.
Tom only has thirty dollars in his wallet.
The leaves fall off the trees in autumn.
Tom was never scared of anything.
Why do the leaves fall off the trees in autumn?
What did Tom and Mary talk about?
Tom went through the security gate.
Tom asks very interesting questions.
Tom asked many very interesting questions.
Tom said that he wanted to do this with us.
Tom said he wanted to do this with us.
Tom was dissatisfied with the result.
Tom and Mary know each other fairly well.
I want to learn how to drive a tractor.
Tom and Mary left the classroom together.
I want to see the house you grew up in.
I want to see the house that you grew up in.
Tom and Mary left the courtroom together.
I want you to quit watching so much TV.
Tom has decided to seek professional help.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the result.
Tom has always enjoyed working with wood.
Tom enjoys working with wood.
I think Tom is beginning to lose his mind.
I think that Tom is beginning to lose his mind.
Tom hasn't celebrated Christmas for years.
Tom lost everything and now lives on the street.
Tom is one of the few people that understand Mary.
Tom and Mary are wearing the same color jackets.
Tom and Mary were wearing matching T-shirts.
Tom and Mary often wear the same color clothes.
I thought that Tom did that quite well.
Tom gave a rose to Mary.
Tom planted vegetables.
Tom was forced to admit he'd been wrong.
Tom was forced to admit that he'd been wrong.
Tom must've loved Mary a great deal.
Tom comes here at least three times a week.
Tom does that at least three times a week.
Just don't tell anyone what I said.
Just don't tell anybody what I said.
I just want to make sure you're prepared for this.
I just want to make sure you're prepared.
It was the most frightening experience that I've ever had.
It was the most frightening experience I've ever had.
You've been candid with me, so I'll be candid with you.
You've been honest with me, so I'll be honest with you.
You helped me, so I'll help you.
You've helped me, so I'll help you.
That isn't necessarily a bad thing.
My parents usually take a nap after lunch.
The children are still awake.
The kids are still awake.
It didn't cost as much as I expected it to.
My new colleague is a robot.
Kale is a healthy vegetable.
Kale has been called a superfood.
Do these vegetables come from this region?
The Villa d'Este has beautiful gardens.
The garden became overgrown.
The villa was abandoned and the garden became overgrown.
Tom is a renowned horticulturist.
Mary is a renowned horticulturist.
The garden became overgrown with weeds.
The gardens became overgrown.
Tom likes rococo architecture.
Madame de Pompadour was Louis XV's mistress.
Madame de Pompadour helped establish the Rococo style.
Madame de Pompadour liked pastel colors and floral patterns.
Mary wore an extravagant dress.
There's a pergola in the garden.
Madame de Pompadour was a patroness of the arts.
Madame de Pompadour yielded considerable power and influence at the court.
Madame de Pompadour was the King' confidant.
Madame de Pompadour was one of the only people whom the King trusted to tell him the truth.
The King held a masked ball.
The king was prone to melancholy and boredom.
Marie Antoinette was the last Queen of France.
Her reputation was tarnished by gossip.
The Affair of the Diamond Necklace damaged Marie Antoinette's reputation.
Mary's reputation was tarnished by gossip.
Mary's reputation was tarnished by malicious gossip.
Would you mind if I walked with you?
Would you mind if I walk you home?
Nothing will persuade me otherwise.
Tom exudes confidence.
Tom exuded confidence.
The garden is full of flowers.
Nearly all plants go dormant during the winter.
There are statues inside the garden.
There are many fruit trees inside the garden.
Tom had never danced with a girl before.
Tom had never slow-danced with a girl before.
"Who are you talking to?" "No one. I was just talking to myself."
"Who were you talking to?" "No one. I was just talking to myself."
I was just talking to myself.
Tom touched her shoulder.
Mary touched his shoulder.
Mary touched Tom's shoulder.
Tom musn't know I'm here.
Mary mustn't know I'm here.
He musn't know I'm here.
She mustn't know I'm here.
The Maison Carrée in Nîmes is one of the best preserved Roman temples.
Tom visited the Boboli gardens in Florence.
The castle is surrounded by a moat.
I'll give you my plush rabbit if you give me your squirrel.
A nymphaeum is a monument consecrated to the nymphs.
Tom did not want to give Mary his plush squirrel.
Mary was a great beauty.
She had once been a great beauty.
She was considered a great beauty.
Tom loves both his parents.
Tom lost his teddy bear.
Tom lost his favorite teddy bear.
Tom lost his plush squirrel.
Tom ran over a squirrel.
Tom saw a male squirrel.
Tom tore off the head of Mary's plush dinosaur.
Tom and his wife started fighting.
Tom and Mary started fighting.
Mary and her husband started fighting.
Tom walked out the door and never looked back.
Mary walked out the door and never looked back.
Tom worries constantly about money.
Tom is stressed out about money.
Tom paid the minimum on his credit card.
Tom felt trapped by debt.
Tom fell deeper and deeper into debt.
Tom never worries about money.
Tom had no idea how he was spending his money.
Tom made a budget.
Tom and Mary made a budget.
Tom tried too hard.
Don't worry too much about what others think about you.
Tom is overworked and exhausted.
Tom was overworked and exhausted.
Mary is overworked and exhausted.
Tom has no idea how he's spending his money.
Tom has no idea how he is spending his money.
Tom studied until two in the morning.
Tom studied until three in the morning.
I have learned Berber.
Tom was heading down a dangerous path.
I've learned Berber.
He has learned Russian.
It's normal to be curious about what others think of you.
He's learned Russian.
He finished learning Russian.
Plants make people happier.
The green area was paved over to create a parking.
The parking was transformed into a park.
Nature makes us happier.
Trees make us happier.
Trees can help decrease crime.
She thought I was a doctor.
Exposure to forests boosts our immune system.
Nature can boost our immune system.
Exposure to nature can decrease our blood pressure.
I told them that I didn't want either.
Plants make us happy.
Tom is a non-conformist.
What are you watching on TV?
Let me just check my email.
Tom's inbox is full.
Tom replied to an email.
Tom replied to all his emails.
Tom receives more than a hundred emails per day.
My best guess is it needs an asymmetric cipher.
This is one of the weak points of public key cryptography.
May God keep you safe.
How many followers on Instagram do you have?
They despise me.
You need to crouch to reach the book under the sofa.
Fortunately you've appeared.
Fortunately you understood.
Luckily you're alright.
Luckily she didn't come.
Luckily they didn't come today.
Luckily he didn't come today.
Luckily you're here.
Luckily you're with her.
She's my neighbor, didn't you know?
I prefer the small one over the big one.
The big one or the small one?
The "scroll lock" key is not used anymore.
Would you kindly tell me a bit about your parents?
Whoever listens to one's own voice in recordings might have the impression of hearing a stranger.
How about we go for a lunch? I will pay.
I have a Chilean passport.
To be a teacher, one needs to have a lot of patience and love for the work.
I think they still haven't got everything.
I'd really like to know you someday.
Did you like my video?
What do you think about me?
Did you like my speech?
He's not feeling very well. We will have to take him to the hospital.
Please, can you help us out here?
Is it true that you speak German?
He was elected the best player in the championship.
Where have the opera concerts been performed?
Portuguese, Spanish, French and Italian are Romance languages.
I think you forgot your keys at home.
There are many books in this library.
I intend to meet her today.
That charming little children's bed was the last furniture to be removed from the house.
The house is far away from the road.
Vietnamese is a very concise language.
Tom is a fanatical nationalist.
I will have mine with milk, please.
You can go swim now.
My height is one meter seventy.
My height is five feet nine.
I will never eat chicken anymore.
I like astronomy.
The Polish team clearly dominated the match, but did not manage to score.
I was able to learn a bit of Dutch thanks to the audio samples you've recorded.
I'm sure your German teacher is very competent.
Your father is a happy man.
I've read all your novels.
I've read all his novels.
I've read all her novels.
Tom learned my language with ease, but I was struggling to learn his.
Is every passenger onboard?
Their virtues are countless.
Their house is beautiful.
Go, it's your turn.
Maria dreamt of Tom.
I bought a new cellphone.
The pain caused a few wrinkles to appear on his forehead.
They didn't arrive on time.
Why should I care about what happens in some Boston or whatever?
Rico, where have you been this whole time?
Where is Estonia?
Tom and Mary had to cut their trip short.
Tom and Mary have been friends for years.
I want to know when you'll go shopping.
I got Tom's autograph.
Mary is single.
Tom is having a potluck dinner.
Tom is having a potluck party.
I want your report on my desk at 2:30.
I want to stay, but Tom wants to go home.
You need to take responsibility for everything that went wrong.
Tom and Mary aren't ready to go home yet.
I plan to be in Australia next October.
Tom and Mary had different personalities.
After the earthquake, many people decided to sleep outside in tents.
What's the downside of living here?
I don't like ideologies. I'm on the side of honour and common sense.
I had no idea that that was going to happen.
I had no idea that Tom was lying.
I had no idea that things were so bad.
I had no idea that this bracelet was stolen.
Did you have any idea that this was happening?
Tom had no idea why everybody was laughing.
I had no idea that we had so much in common.
Tom has vowed he'll do that.
Tom vowed that he'd never do it.
I vowed that I'd never do that.
I assure you that everything's fine.
I assure you everything's fine.
I think that it's a fir tree.
I think it's a fir tree.
I think that that's a bad idea.
I remember the day that we met.
I didn't know that it mattered.
I think that I'll make stew for dinner.
I didn't see anybody on the street.
I'll find somebody else to help us.
He went to a tattoo parlor.
China is the most populous country in the world.
He took my phone number.
He ruined my birthday.
He was in a rage.
He needed to get himself out of that situation.
He was doing cocaine.
He did coke for so long.
I didn't enjoy it there, so I left.
She's so arrogant!
Why do you want me to ask them for help, when we can do it by ourselves?
My sister is two years younger than me.
My nephew is twelve.
It is fairly warm for this period of time.
what is your favourite TV show?
you need a new pair of shoes.
s/he seems a little tired
who's next?
a bottle of cold white wine
Where's Marizka now?
shut up!
he seems a little tired
He is not a morning person.
He made friends really quickly.
I was born here to Algerian parents.
He called his girlfriend.
He saw her being carried out on a stretcher.
He didn't even ask questions.
The fishermen got into the water.
"No, no, and no! I've told you already that you cannot gor to Paris alone." "Why not?" You're only fifteen!"
My brother had been living in Paris for ten years before he returned to Prague.
Please put your phone down.
Put your phone down.
Can you please put your phone down?
I had a fun time tonight.
Thanks, Tom. I had a fun time tonight.
Why hasn't he texted back?
Why hasn't she texted back?
Tom was not interested in anything else.
Tom is not interested in anything else.
Tom is only interested in soccer.
Tom is only interested in money.
Why hasn't he texted me back?
Why hasn't she texted me back?
Why hasn't Tom texted me back?
I wonder why Tom hasn't texted me back.
Tom wondered why Mary hadn't texted him back.
I don't agree with her.
I know Tom is afraid of kicks.
This is a scientifically proven fact.
Start with the basics.
Start from the basics.
I want a second chance.
Berber is not a language, but a family of languages.
North Africans do not speak Berber language, but a set of languages derived from Berber.
Berber as a family contains several languages ​​including: Kabyle, Shawi, Mozabit, Rifain, Zennati, Tergi and Chleuh.
Liisa passed away eight years ago.
Mom, Tom is aping me!
I ate all those apples.
I ate all the apples.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't come.
Do I look like that?
Do you really believe I'm that stupid?
Is this some kind of underground joke?
Her mother still wears a Kabyle dress.
He bought her a beautiful Kabyle dress.
She tried on the Kabyle dress.
She tried on the Kabyle dress and liked it.
He bought his wife a Kabyle dress.
Kabyle dresses are made in Algeria.
Do what you can do!
This Kabyle dress comes from Algeria.
I just love Kabyle dresses.
She has two Kabyle dresses.
Janne is a male name.
These Kabyle dresses come from two different regions.
She's here for her Kabyle dress.
She didn't have a Kabyle dress.
She really hated that Kabyle dress.
She wore a Kabyle dress for the party.
She didn't feel comfortable wearing that Kabyle dress.
She saw a Kabyle dress.
She really loves how the Kabyle dress looks on her.
She isn't wearing that Kabyle dress.
She lent her sister her best Kabyle dress.
She lent her Kabyle dress to her best friend.
She too wore a Kabyle dress.
She really hated the Kabyle dress she wore to the party.
She really hated the Kabyle dress Skura gave her.
I saw you do it.
This type of Kabyle dress is really outdated.
She wore a pretty weird Kabyle dress.
She didn't like this Kabyle dress at all.
She has four Kabyle dresses.
She still likes this Kabyle dress.
Both these Kabyle dresses come from Algeria.
This Kabyle dress is nice.
She wore these shoes with her Kabyle dress.
She tried the Kabyle dress to see how it fit.
She wore an expensive Kabyle dress.
He bought her an expensive Kabyle dress.
She doesn't like that Kabyle dress.
She wants a Kabyle dress for Yennayer.
She wore a Kabyle dress with a beading detail.
The Kabyle dress fit her.
That Kabyle dress still fit her.
Does this Kabyle dress still fit you?
She wants a Kabyle dress for her daughter.
She can't even breathe in this Kabyle dress.
They still like this Kabyle dress.
She really liked that Kabyle dress.
She likes that yellow Kabyle dress.
Kabyle dresses come in all colors.
She's looking for a necklace to wear with her Kabyle dress.
She's so pretty in this lovely Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a lovely Kabyle dress.
She bought her a Kabyle dress.
Her Kabyle dresses still fit.
Her mother and sister make Kabyle dresses.
Her mother made her a wonderful Kabyle dress.
She spilled coffee on her Kabyle dress.
She wanted a new Kabyle dress.
She wanted another Kabyle dress.
She wanted another Kabyle dress for her sister.
He brought his daughters Kabyle dresses from Algeria.
Where did she buy that Kabyle dress?
She bought a Kabyle dress from that store.
She's obsessed with Kabyle dresses.
Thank you for the Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is very expensive.
She always talks about Kabyle dresses.
She never bought a Kabyle dress.
Her boyfriend gave her a Kabyle dress.
She moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
She moved back to Kabylie, Algeria.
She doesn't like to talk about Kabylie.
She went back to Kabylie, Algeria.
We only live once!
She worked in Algeria for a little while.
He was dating a Kabyle girl from Algeria.
He broke up with his Kabyle girlfriend.
Is Algeria a gerontocracy?
Algeria has economic problems.
Algeria does have economic problem.
A destabilization of Algeria could affect Europe.
Algeria is relatively stable.
Do you know how he does?
In February 2019, a wave of popular unrest started in Algeria.
The lawyer ended up with our money.
Algeria will choose its new president before the end of 2019.
Algeria has many political issues.
Now we live apart.
Algeria has a rentier economy.
Algeria's main resources are oil and gas.
Algeria redistributes its wealth to its population in the form of generous subsidies.
We live in remote houses.
Can Algeria sustain its subsidies system?
Hydrocarbons continue to play a fundamental role in Algeria's economy.
Algeria's real strength is gas.
Algeria has shale gas.
The war continues!
The Algerian economy is under significant stress.
I'v moved to another neighborhood.
Algeria's external debt is rising.
The Algerian government was forced to take emergency economic measures.
The Algerian government has refrained from lowering its subsidies.
The Algerian government is gradually increasing taxes.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy and attract foreign investments.
In Algeria, decisions are slowly taken.
Instability in Algeria could have consequences for Europe.
Most of Algeria's population is concentrated in the north of the country.
Algeria is an important partner for the US and Europe.
I can never remember where I parked my car.
Algeria's economic problems will not be solved any time soon.
I am from Algeria.
What are your views on Algeria?
I was just a three-year-old child!
Ignore her.
Tens of thousands of Algerians have been taking part in massive protests since February.
Algeria gained its independence from France in 1962.
Bouteflika returned to Algeria in the late 1990's.
Algeria ended its one-party system in 1989.
I gonna prepare the snack.
The Islamic Salvation Front was an Algerian Islamist party.
Bouteflika became Algeria's president in 1999.
To end the civil war, Algeria granted amnesty to Islamist armed groups in the early 2000's.
When did you start to study Russian?
In 2013, Bouteflika suffered a debilitating stroke.
Would you love me if I were a werewolf?
In February 2019, massive protests spread across different cities in Algeria.
Someday I'll have all this.
The Algerian military insists it will not allow the country to fall back into a civil war.
Even this explanation doesn't clarify anything to me.
Algeria is the keystone of stability in North Africa.
Algeria is at odds with Morocco.
Algeria has never lost its way.
Algeria is resource-rich.
Use protective equipment.
Algeria was ruled by the Ottoman Turks between and 1830.
In Algeria, Islam is the religion of the state.
The Algerian constitution states that Islam is the religion of the state.
In the early 2000's, Algeria entered a period of rapid economic growth.
Islamists claim that secularism is alien to Algerian customs.
Algeria needs to extend its influence throughout Africa.
Algeria wants to pursue stronger ties with sub-Saharan African nations.
Algerians have a strong religious identity.
Algeria needs more infrastructure projects.
That book is worth a read.
I'll come by the next bus.
She is tall.
She's strong.
He is strong.
Do you have bad hearing?
Flying fishes exist.
You were listening.
I don't like money, but it calms my nerves.
I think, but do I exist?
Akiko has many friends in France.
I have a really fun job.
That, too.
I phoned him yesterday.
I phoned her yesterday.
I love to walk alone.
Let me get another cup of coffee for you.
She didn't find what she was looking for.
I almost don't go out of my house.
Tom is courteous to everyone.
No one talks about that.
While you kill time, time kills you.
Are you sure you wanna do it?
Read the article!
The opposite also is true.
Tom didn't look tired tonight.
Well started is half done.
Aren't you kind of curious?
I might as well pass through without a car.
My friend made a good suggestion.
Does Americans prefer to use WhatsApp or Snapchat?
What are we going to eat today?
Is Lori at home?
Where can I buy food?
It's warm here.
I have a kitten and a dog.
I never get ill.
Forward!
She came to Japan seven years ago.
I really have never seen it.
They're fixing it.
Guess what I'm doing!
I'd rather have an old car than a motorcycle.
Regardless of that person’s gender, they are a feminist.
He really likes her company.
He has a nickname for her.
He has to go back to Algiers tonight.
He says he has to go back to Algeria tonight.
Why don't we go to Algeria?
He asked her for advice.
He wants another piece of cake.
He wants more cake.
He is going to the movies.
You're still Muslim, aren't you?
He's dating a cheap bimbo.
He has never asked me a question like this.
Is there another woman?
I wouldn't want your mother to think I'm having an affair.
He is wearing a suit.
He is beginning to get on my nerves.
It looks they're in love.
The onus is on all of them.
She was born in Algeria.
He doesn't live with girls anymore.
He never talks about his personal life.
He was lucky to find such a good hospital.
He was lucky to find such a good doctor.
He was lucky to find such a good school.
He was lucky to find such a good house.
He was lucky to find such a good hotel.
He was lucky to find such a good clinic.
He was lucky to find such a good job.
He was lucky to find such a good parking spot.
He was going on a cruise.
He can't handle responsibility.
He forgave his sister.
Mary has the baker's touch.
I need a second chance.
Never.
They are beautiful and clever.
A storm arose.
He can’t be hungry, he just ate.
It’s very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
Yes, that’s how you say that in German.
Money is not that important. That's why I do not care if I have or million dollars.
I want to eat you.
There won’t be any clouds.
There was a half-dozen victims.
There are two rivers in Lyon.
They have a perfect body.
I ate all your bees.
Isn't that worth it?
A group of people ran down the beach.
There's a group of people running down the beach.
He just left, he didn't even say "See you later".
They asked me what I will do in the future.
They asked me what I'm going to do in the future.
He went to his room without even saying hello.
The meat went bad.
She was very friendly to everybody.
She's a native speaker of Esperanto.
She burned her Kabyle dress in the backyard.
She burned her Kabyle dress.
He eventually moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
Even crocodiles are scared of hippopotamuses.
Hippopotamuses are huge.
A hippopotamus has huge tusks.
Hippos have huge tusks.
Hippos can be deadly predators.
Hippos have huge mouths.
Hippopotamuses aren't always vegetarians.
Hippopotamuses are huge animals.
Hippopotamuses are very heavy.
Hippopotamuses live in water.
Hippopotamuses live in rivers.
Hippopotamuses are dangerous animals.
Hippopotamuses attack humans.
Hippopotamuses make more human victims than lions.
Hippopotamuses could be very aggressive.
Hippopotamuses are huge mammals.
On the other side of the street, there are no houses yet.
She is hated.
He is sitting.
She tries.
She was the one who demanded the divorce.
We got divorced in the end.
I kept the dog.
Tom stayed in a capsule hotel in Tokyo.
The German town of Nördlingen was built in a meteor crater.
What's the difference between a turtle and a tortoise?
We got married in the end.
The mayor will marry us.
The ceremony will take place in the town hall.
Tom and John pretend to be married.
Mary and Alice pretend to be married.
A giraffe never works alone because it always has a long neck.
He didn't know he needed glasses.
Both his parents wear glasses.
He needs glasses to read.
He decided not to wear glasses because people called him nerd at school.
He needs to get his eyesight checked.
She needs glasses.
Does he need glasses?
She looks so cute in this Kabyle dress.
She looks so cute with these glasses.
He tried the glasses on.
He tried those glasses on.
He needs to clean his glasses first.
When she wears glasses, she looks like her mother.
When she wears a Kabyle dress, she looks like her mother.
When she wears glasses, she looks like a teacher.
It's his first time wearing glasses.
He lied to his dad about needing glasses.
She stole Skura's sunglasses.
Her glasses are cute.
Her glasses are really cute.
He needed glasses.
She still loves sunglasses to this day.
He might need glasses.
His parents think he needs glasses.
His glasses are right here.
This Kabyle dress is fine.
This Kabyle dress is cute.
These glasses are fine.
He's wearing these glasses for school.
I can't wear these stupid glasses another day.
He lost his glasses at school.
He came outside to help me look for my glasses.
Could you help me look for my glasses?
He is looking for his glasses.
He doesn't need glasses.
He loves the way he looks with glasses.
She's wearing cute glasses.
He loves these glasses.
These glasses are glasses.
He loves the way these glasses look on him.
He's obsessed by glasses.
When he drives at night, he's bothered by the light of oncoming traffic.
He only wears his glasses to drive.
He can function without his glasses.
He has glasses.
He wears prescription glasses.
Her glasses were so cute.
Her Kabyle dress is so cute.
He can't see anything without his glasses.
They were all in Kabyle dresses.
They all wore Kabyle dresses.
He doesn't want to go back to the mosque.
They're part of a Christian extremist group.
They love this Kabyle dress.
Tom's not interested in anything else.
It was one of the best movies they had ever seen.
It was one of the best movies Tom had ever seen.
I'm fascinated by black and white photos.
He should have been a comedian.
Follow the trace.
Follow your path.
Seeking it.
Give your opinion.
Do not give your opinion.
I just want to be a woman.
Your opinion, I like it.
I was supposed to meet her here.
Tom isn't interested in anything else.
You don't need me to do that for you anymore, do you?
You need to buy a new suit to wear to your job interview.
Tom wasn't sure what he was going to do.
I want to start doing that right away.
Tom wasn't fully aware of the situation.
Luckily, all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Tom's confession was ruled inadmissible.
I want to throw all these things away.
Why didn't Tom invite Mary to the party?
Which of the books did you think was the most interesting?
I don't know what kind of car Tom drives.
Tom ate the entire bag of popcorn.
Tom ate the entire bag of potato chips.
Tom ate the entire bag of peanuts.
I try to be cooperative.
Is there anyone else you'd like us to notify?
Tom was working at a restaurant in 2013.
I want to learn how to sing that song.
Tom was the last to leave the classroom.
You're doing exactly what you're supposed to be doing.
Is there anybody else that you'd like us to notify?
Is there anyone else that you'd like us to notify?
Is there anybody else you'd like us to notify?
I think that I'd like that.
Tom went to his daughter's concert.
Tom apologized for what had happened.
Tom's cat disappeared for a few days.
I had knee replacement surgery three months ago.
Tom put plastic wrap over the leftovers.
Tom put plastic wrap over the food.
Why do people cover food with plastic wrap?
Tom hoped that the war wouldn't last long.
Tom was only slightly worried about that.
Tom can read more than one hundred pages an hour.
Tom quit his job and decided to travel around the world.
If only I had gone!
Are there any sentences that are absolutely untranslatable?
The concept of God is so elusive, so abstract, that each of us can freely and at will find our own image in it, without pretending to share the divine reflection of others.
Please fill out the form below to start chatting with the next available agent.
Please fill out the form below.
Please fill out the whole form below.
It's up to us to write our story.
I thought he understood the problem.
The word has spread.
He did not believe his eyes.
Please fill out the whole form below without leaving anything out.
He has only one word.
Please fill out the form below without leaving anything out.
We are going to demolish a wall.
In unity there is strength.
I hope all goes well.
The teacher told me that I should have my hair cut.
The teacher told me that I should get my hair cut.
Schoolchildren in Czechia don't have to wear a school uniform.
Do we need her help?
Do we need his help?
Do we need their help?
April 2nd is World Autism Awareness Day.
Do we need Tom's help?
Do we really need Tom's help?
Tom was scared of doing something wrong.
I want to learn how to ride a bicycle.
Tom was holding a mug in his right hand.
You could electrocute yourself if you aren't careful.
Tom was brought back into the courtroom.
I want to learn how to play the piano.
Tom was accompanied by three bodyguards.
Only a few of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
No one knows why this is happening.
Tom's dog ate a plastic bag.
I don't feel like I deserve this.
Nobody knows why this is happening.
Nobody knows why that happened.
No one knows why that happened.
Use your common sense.
Tom wanted to talk to the store manager.
I want to learn how to play the organ.
Tom wanted to give Mary a second chance.
Nothing seems to work the way it should be working.
You're seriously sick.
I ate a peanut butter sandwich.
He knows little about mathematics and even less about chemistry.
Take the judgments of one person about others and get a meaningful picture of his own character.
They're lucky that they have a job.
They're lucky to have a job.
Tape recorders are useful teaching aids.
I love your couscous.
She made me couscous.
She made me some couscous.
She shared her couscous recipe with us.
I can't believe she's sharing her couscous recipe with us.
He wants your couscous recipe.
What does he want our couscous recipe?
He wants our couscous recipe to make money.
He needs our couscous recipe to make money.
Don't you like this Kabyle dress?
She helped us make some couscous for dinner.
"Do you want to hear the truth?" "Yes."
I am glad to have you in my life.
This Kabyle dress took her four days to make.
He has never been interested in Berber.
He has never been interested in learning Berber.
He came here to learn Berber.
He died in the prime of his life.
What got him rich?
To honor him, I have written a poem in Berber.
To honor him, I have written a short poem in Berber.
He read the funeral message in Berber.
She was a very important part of our lives.
She was an important part of my life.
The epitaph was written in Berber.
He says he's going to Bejaia, Algeria.
This Kabyle dress is a gift.
"This Kabyle dress is a gift." "For whom?"
This Kabyle dress is really beautiful.
Who made this Kabyle dress?
"What's she wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
"He gave her a gift." "What was it?" "A Kabyle dress."
She really likes Skura's Kabyle dresses.
Why didn't you show her the Kabyle dress?
If you didn't show her the Kabyle dress, what did you show her?
”Have you gotten used to the life there?” ”Well, not yet. I'm kind of a home-body"
The ability not to take oneself seriously is a wonderful trait.
It's a wonderful trait to be able to not take yourself seriously.
Growing up, he was a fairly normal Algerian boy.
He borrowed a thousand dinars from Skura.
He loves Skura's couscous.
She loves Kabyle dresses.
Why don't you just teach Berber?
He kept teaching Berber.
He was teaching a Berber class.
He is a great Berber teacher.
He is going to teach Berber.
Don't let yourself control your life.
They are neither a man nor a woman.
The old man couldn't remember where he had parked his car.
Tatoeba is the greatest website of all time.
She's an expert on the Berber language.
He knows more about the Berber language than you do.
I don't need her help with my personal life.
She's really pretty in this Kabyle dress.
I have see pictures of her in a Kabyle dress.
He was born to teach Berber.
Berber is my field of expertise.
He isn't quite telling the truth.
She doesn't want a Kabyle dress.
He ate his couscous.
She hates that Kabyle dress.
Why don't you just tell her the truth?
"Why don't you just tell him the truth?" "I can't. I'll hurt him."
What I want to tell you is the truth and nothing but.
I have never left Algeria.
He has never been in the hotel before in his life.
He can handle his love life.
I didn't order rice. I ordered couscous.
He called me on the phone.
He called me on my phone.
He was eating couscous at a restaurant.
Her name is Skura.
Sex is not a dirty word.
"Sex is not a dirty word." "Buth when Yidir says it, it's a dirty word."
They don't serve couscous here.
They don't serve couscous in this restaurant.
I thank the Lord I still have my mind.
He read four books on Berber linguistics.
He's not going to teach them Berber.
He told us what you did.
He squished the spider and flushed him down the toilet.
He squished the spider.
He's likely to lose everything.
He learned Berber in Algeria.
She designs Kabyle dresses.
Eat the couscous first.
If plowing could be done with nothing but a look, anyone would do it.
If you do it that way, I will too.
A sickle that gets used shines.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish.
I want to learn how to play the drums.
Tom tried to figure out why it happened.
You're doing exactly what I want you to be doing.
Tom took care of Mary when she was sick.
I want to learn how to play that song.
Tom told Mary to keep away from his dog.
Some of the passengers were pretty badly burned.
Tom told Mary that Alice was his sister.
I want to know who your girlfriend is.
Ask.
Ask as many questions as you like.
I wasn't sure if I was dreaming.
Tom wasn't sure if he was dreaming.
My problem is that I understand French, but I can't speak it.
Tom wasn't sure if he should ask.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary really meant what she said.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary had really meant what she said.
Mary wasn't sure if she was dreaming.
Tom tilted his head sideways.
The director said "Cut."
The director said "Cut!"
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you somewhere.
I often listen to your videos.
I listen to your videos every day.
I listen to your videos a lot.
I like your videos. I listen to them sometimes.
I like your videos, and I listen to them several times.
I like your videos, and listen a few times.
I love to listen to your videos over and over.
I like to listen to your videos several times.
Is there anyone who can help me speak correctly?
I dream of being in Australia.
My problem is that I understand the language, but I can't speak it.
I watched your videos several times, and now I speak English very well.
I watched your videos several times, and now I speak English very well with my friends. Thank you very much.
God is in control of all things.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've met you somewhere before.
Last week I had a conversation with one of my students in Brazil.
A few weeks ago I had a conversation with one of my students in Brazil.
Does Tom hang out with them?
I saw you on the street.
Don't go after me, please.
Not everyone works.
The shoes are too big for me.
Is she feeling any better?
The shoes are too tight for me.
Is he seeing it?
Are you seeing it?
They are old now.
When my mother found out I was pregnant, she was shocked.
I can easily read French.
I have no trouble reading French.
Tom can't escape.
Who wants pie?
Tom did like Mary.
Who hugged you?
Tom curses a lot.
Nobody objected.
Tom dated a girl named Mary.
Who slapped you?
Tom used to date a girl named Mary.
Tom was dating a girl named Mary the last time that I met him.
Both Tom and John are dating girls named Mary.
He was a wandering peddler.
His father made a living as a peddler.
In the 1980s, the Algerian economy started to sink.
Wolverines are omnivorous.
I heard Tom snoring.
Who tripped you?
Tom didn't chase Mary.
I didn't feel OK.
Tom did all of that.
Here the cries of seagulls won't chase your sleep away.
This is a universal lexicon.
Wherever there are bonus points to be had, Tom is there.
You made a mistake. But that doesn't mean your life is over.
I'm sure it will help you a lot!
Let's start with our guide on the most useful sentences in English.
They are the most important phrases for your communication.
They are watching this video from Algeria.
Noureddine Bedoui is the prime minister of Algeria.
In Algeria, almost every home has access to plumbing.
Algeria will no longer be a bureaucrat's paradise.
Algeria was known for its bureaucracy.
He established a business in Algeria.
Corruption is a big issue in Algeria.
Many corrupt politicians were arrested in Algeria.
Algeria needs to reduce democracy.
Many rules and regulations are obsolete in Algeria.
Algeria needs a powerful plan to become a destination for foreign businesses.
Algeria needs a powerful plan to become a destination for foreign investors.
Algeria will be spending a lot of money on infrastructure.
Algeria has been spending a lot of money on infrastructure.
Algeria is fighting corruption.
Remembering that these phrases are useful for conversation.
Just remembering that these phrases are very useful for a conversation.
Just remembering that these phrases are very useful for communication.
If you want to know a little more about this language that connects the whole world, keep reading this article.
Remember that these phrases are very useful for communication.
Remember that these phrases are useful for communication.
Discover the most powerful phrases for your communication.
If it is in the morning, the first thing you will say is good morning.
if it's morning, the first thing you have to say is good morning.
If it is in the afternoon, the first thing you will say is good afternoon.
if it's afternoon, the first thing you have to say is good afternoon.
If it's for the night, the first thing you should say is good night.
If it's night, the first thing you have to say is good night.
But if you met the person in the afternoon, of course you will say good afternoon.
I go to Kabylie to escape the stress of the city.
The separatists are so marginal that they don't even make news headlines.
But if you meet someone at night, of course you will say good evening.
The chief of the separatists is like Wajlala, the guy who shit in the water spring so that he becomes famous in the village.
In North Africa, lies a country called Algeria.
In North Africa, lies a huge country called Algeria.
Algeria will not relive the tragedy of the 1990's.
Why don't you just mind your damn business instead of poking your nose into mine?
If you think it's alright with you, say I'm fine.
We demolished a wall yesterday.
Yesterday, we demolished a wall.
The separatists want to be our "master race."
The separatists consider themselves as a "master race."
I dreamed about attending my sister's wedding.
Many separatists are mad about their leader.
There are some phrases that may help you when you need to apologize in English.
These phrases are very common and will help you a lot.
I'm sure!
Neo-Nazis like nothing but love and peace.
Neo-Nazis aren't racist at all.
Neo-Nazis don't hate anyone.
Neo-Nazis are obviously peace lovers.
Neo-Nazis are peaceful people.
Neo-Nazis don't want war.
Neo-Nazis are the most peaceful people on Earth.
Neo-Nazis don't believe in violence.
Nazis are good people.
I'm sure what I'm talking about.
Neo-Nazis aren't hatemongers.
Nazis are very tolerant.
Neo-Nazis don't hate foreigners.
Neo-Nazis don't hate immigrants.
Neo-Nazis don't hate black people.
I am absolutely sure what I am talking about.
I am absolutely sure what I am saying.
We have dedicated our lives to the Berber cause.
The separatists have countless fake accounts on Facebook.
Surely an American or a foreigner will ask you if you speak English.
I'm sure if you met an American or a foreigner, he would ask you if you speak English.
The bride who charges for a night of intimacy is not a bride, but a prostitute.
Do you call yourself Mike Jones?
Yes I am.
No, I am not.
I am Tom Wilson.
How is his wife?
How is her husband?
She is very well, thank you.
Well thank you. And you?
I am well also.
Good night, Maria.
Good-bye, John.
I see you tomorrow.
How does it go?
Which his name?
Which her name?
Can I know her name?
Can I know his name?
My name is Thomas.
Which is the name of his family?
Which is the name of her family?
My family name is Johnson.
Here is Jack.
Pleasure in knowing her.
Pleasure in knowing it.
Who is the lady in white?
Could you come to her?
George, lets to come with my friend.
I am years old.
I am two years younger than my brother.
Mr. Davis is still at the house of the thirty.
My older sister is a year older than his wife.
My older brother is a year older than her husband.
I don't feel like having such a meal.
I took the path of least resistance.
Time is a great master; the trouble is that it kills its students.
My father is over years old.
They will have a party for her º wedding anniversary.
He seems much younger than him.
He seems much younger than her.
She seems much younger than me.
She seems much younger than him.
He looks much younger than them.
She looks much younger than them.
He looks much younger than me.
He looks much younger than her.
She looks much younger than him.
I came here when she was years old.
They are mainly Muslims.
I came here when he was years old.
You can find fanatics in any religion including Buddhism.
I came here when I was years old.
India is a Hindu majority country but it also has a million Muslim minority.
He was born into a humble family.
He was fascinated by the Berber language.
I began school at years of age.
Gandhi wanted to make Hindus and Muslims coexist peacefully.
I started going to school at years old.
Algeria needs to be pulled out of this political crisis.
I started college at years old.
Gandhi is a peace icon.
The chief of the separatists is a total pyromaniac.
He is still a boy, after all.
Algeria needs to fight its shadow economy.
Algerians should use credit cards instead of cash.
Not everyone has a bank account in Algeria.
Most of them are less than years old.
She has a hair salon in Algeria.
I think he is about years old.
The leader of the separatists is a total pyromaniac.
Algeria's response to the Tiguentourine attack was extremely harsh.
He is the newest of the family.
Algeria doesn't negotiate with terrorists.
We need to get Algeria off this economic crisis.
He is the youngest of the family.
Islamist parties have become unpopular in Algeria.
She will be next month.
Neo-Nazis love peace.
Islam has a major role in the Algeria society.
They attack minorities, mainly Muslims.
Algeria is Africa's largest nation.
Algeria will hold a presidential election of December 12, 2019.
Algeria is holding a presidential election on December 12, 2019.
Located in North Africa, Algeria is the largest country on the continent.
Algeria has set its sights on economic diversification.
Do you know the country Mouloud Mammeri was born in? The answer is Algeria.
Algeria is very far from New Zealand.
Algiers is the largest city in Algeria.
Algiers is full of mosques.
Algeria is a relatively stable country.
Algeria's economy is smaller than that of the US.
Many Algerians live abroad.
Millions of Algerians live in Europe.
In Algeria, Islam is the official religion.
Algeria has never been a communist republic.
The average life expectancy in Algeria is years.
Algeria is bordered to the north by the Mediterranean Sea.
Many tourists visit Algeria.
Algeria isn't a federal country.
Ghazaouet is an Algerian town located on the border with Morocco.
Morocco closed its borders with Algeria.
In 1994, Morocco closed its borders with Algeria.
In 2003, an earthquake struck northern Algeria, killing thousands of people.
He will be years old.
Algeria's economic reforms are gaining strength.
Algeria and China have very good relations.
Algeria and Chad don't share borders.
The number of foreign tourists arriving in Algeria has significantly increased.
Chinese and Turkish businesses are all around in Algeria.
More and more Algerians are interested in learning Berber.
She will be next year.
Algeria elected a new parliament in 2012.
Algeria gained its independence on July 5, 1962.
He will be next year.
Algeria has excellent relations with China.
Algeria and China are friends.
Algeria's East-West motorway connects the Tunisian border to the Moroccan one.
Which is her homeland?
Algeria didn't break ties with Morocco.
Which is his homeland?
Algeria still has diplomatic ties with Morocco.
Algeria could become one of the richest countries in the world.
Who wouldn't like to visit Algeria?
Algeria has huge mountains in the north.
Algeria needs to increase its power-generation capacity.
Algeria already produces a lot of electricity.
Algeria's energy consumption is soaring.
Algeria and China are close friends.
Algeria built many hydropower projects.
Algeria continues to strengthen ties with China and Russia.
Algeria and Russia are strategic partners.
"Is Algeria heading towards the same fate as Venezuela?" "I doubt it."
Let's take a look back at Algeria's history.
Nobody in Washington really cares about Algeria.
Trump doesn't really care about Algeria.
Algerians have totally lost faith in the country's opposition.
The separatist group is politically killed.
"Is Algeria close to financial collapse?" "I doubt it."
In the presidential election, Bouteflika won by a landslide.
Algeria needs to hold free and fair elections.
Who in Washington cares about Algeria?
Algeria produces less oil than Saudi Arabia.
Algeria's weight in the international economy is small.
Algeria shouldn't restrict foreign investment.
Everyone is talking about the current political crisis in Algeria.
Algeria has a lot of natural resources.
Russia and China support Algeria.
Algeria should become a logistics hub.
Algeria could become an important logistics hub in Africa.
Algeria has a very strong army.
Abdelkader Bensalah is just the interim president of Algeria.
Many Chinese and Turkish companies are making investments in Algeria.
Many sub-Saharan African immigrants cross the border between Niger and Algeria.
Nobody likes the separatist group.
Algeria has more oil reserves than Angola.
What's going on in Algeria today?
Let's take a look back at the history of Algeria?
Algerians are well aware that what happened to Libya is a cautionary tale.
Gaddafi was known for his outlandish clothing.
Algeria nationalized its oil in the 1970's.
Algeria is still open for business.
China and the EU keep doing business with Algeria.
In the 1960's and 1970's, Algeria aligned itself with the Eastern Bloc.
Algeria nationalized its oil and gas in 1971.
Algerians aren't interested in radical Islam.
Algeria and Tunisia are North African countries.
Algerians would die to protect their national unity.
All Algerians care about their country's national unity.
Algeria is doing good business with China and Turkey.
There won't be an Arab Spring in Algeria.
Algerians aren't interested in an Arab Spring.
This is what happened in Algeria.
The Daesh forces of Libya threatened to invade Algeria.
Which is her nationality?
Which is his nationality?
Which is the population of India?
Algeria needs to keep its economy going.
Which is the capital of her country?
Can Algeria increase its oil and gas production?
Which is the capital of his country?
What's Algeria's biggest bank?
Algerians don't have amazing salaries.
I come from the United States.
Algeria's political crisis has been going on for seven months already.
I come from Brasil.
Do Algerians really have to be scared of the current political crisis?
Algeria is famous for many things.
Algeria is known for many things.
I come from France.
They built a factory in Algeria.
The Algerian dinar is devaluing.
The Algerian dinar is losing value.
Is the Algerian economy doomed to stagnation?
Algeria needs to keep inflation at a very low rate.
I was born in the United Kingdom and I was educated in the USA.
Algeria needs to control its inflation.
Many Turkish companies are investing in Algeria.
Algeria needs to develop its tourism industry.
In late 2018, things started to sour for the Bouteflika political.
The separatists want to destabilize Algeria.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen her somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen him somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen it somewhere.
The capital of my country is Paris.
Algeria will not become the African Venezuela.
Algeria will not become Africa's Venezuela.
What is her nationality?
If I'm not mistaken, I think they traveled.
If I'm not mistaken, I think he traveled.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she is sleeping.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she has gone home.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she's already gone.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she didn't go away.
If I'm not mistaken, I don't think she's gone yet.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she passed through here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think they passed this way.
If I'm not mistaken, I think he went through here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen her around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen him around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen it here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen them around here.
He came back from Algeria rejuvenated.
He was offered a job at a very good hotel.
He wants to apologize.
What does he want now?
How many states are there in his country?
How many states are there in her country?
How many states are there in your country?
What is the capital of her country?
What is the capital of his country?
What is the capital of your country?
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you once.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you before.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen them somewhere.
He wants to bet.
How many states does his country have?
How many states does her country have?
How many States does your country have?
What are you doing back so soon?
This nation is famous for its tourism.
My country is rich in natural resources.
The capital of my country is Brasília.
The separatist project stinks.
He bought a yogurt maker.
What did you do with her?
What did you do with him?
What were you doing to them?
What were you guys doing to her?
What were you doing to her?
What were you guys doing to him?
What were you doing to him?
What were you doing with him?
What were you doing now?
Tom doesn't love Mary.
Tom looks sad today.
I don't eat rice.
Tom didn't notice Mary.
Who wants coffee?
Neo-Nazis are very friendly to immigrants.
I love the books by that author.
I'm her lawyer.
I'm his lawyer.
I'm their lawyer.
I'm his mother's lawyer.
I'm his father's lawyer.
I still dream about Australia.
I heard that you switched majors.
I can teach you French.
I can teach you how to play the guitar.
I sure hope that this is a dream.
Death is scary.
Could I get a doggy bag?
Could you wrap it for me?
Can I have a doggy bag?
Can I have a doggy bag, please?
Could you put this in a doggy bag for me?
Could I have a doggy bag, please?
What does he make?
Get yourselves taken care of.
Have you been to any of the places on the list?
Have you ever eaten anything that Tom cooked?
What does she make?
He is a photographer.
I am Cathy.
Who is the guy there?
He is Tim.
Is that boy a student?
No, he is not.
Don't you think she is a teacher?
I don't have an idea on that.
Is this his sack?
Is this her sack?
No, it is not.
Whose is this telemóvel?
It belongs to Brian.
Is an apple?
it is a pear.
I'm his family's lawyer.
I'm her family's lawyer.
My father's a lawyer.
My father's her lawyer.
My father's his lawyer.
My brother is her lawyer.
My brother's her lawyer.
I am a lawyer.
I am her lawyer.
I am his lawyer.
I am your lawyer.
I am their lawyer.
I am his mother's lawyer.
I am his father's lawyer.
I am his family's lawyer.
I am her family's lawyer.
My father is a lawyer.
My father is her lawyer.
My father is his lawyer.
My brother's his lawyer.
My brother is his lawyer.
My brother's his father's lawyer.
My brother is his father's lawyer.
My brother always worked as a lawyer.
My brother always worked with lawyers.
My brother worked as a lawyer.
I still work as a lawyer.
I am still working as a lawyer.
My father and I are lawyers.
Me and my father are lawyers.
You can buy a good dog with money, but you don’t get a wagging tail to go with it.
He took Skura's table.
Do you know what he's doing here?
He will burn in hell for eternity.
She began to make eyes at him.
He couldn't hear what was going on.
She caught his eye.
He found out about Skura's affair.
He has to learn to keep his feelings about Skura to himself.
He isn't even wearing glasses.
Do you know what this flag represents?
This Algerian flag belonged to my grandfather.
He met her at his old job.
He was kind of crazy.
He didn't like her personality.
He moved in with her.
He wanted to move out.
He kept saying her name.
He has an extra room.
He saved sixty thousand dinars.
He moved in in April.
He went to work.
He was a very negative person.
She plucks her toe hairs.
He has tweezers.
He read that book.
He left the food in the sink.
He left dirty dishes in the sink.
He did all of his laundry.
He never said anything.
He never told her anything about that.
He never buys paper towels.
He never buys dish washer detergent.
He is twenty four and I am twenty six.
He was jealous of me.
He was gaining weight.
He should do some exercise.
He was eating junk food.
He looked fatter.
He gave up trying to help her.
He eats junk food.
He always complains.
He always complains about how much he hates his body.
They never got along.
They don't like each other.
He would never say hi to her.
He is older than me.
They're about the same age.
He is very high-school minded.
He has lived with his parents his whole life.
He brought over his sister.
He has a dog, too.
His dog chewed up my phone charger.
His dog pooped in my room.
His dog chewed up my carpet.
His sent me four thousand dinars.
His dog chewed up my shoes.
Her hair is very thin and you could see her scalp.
He doesn't have cancer.
He has cancer and he goes to chemotherapy.
He didn't have much hair.
He doesn't wish well for others.
He's a bad person and doesn't with well for others.
He has been doing this for years.
He used to work with her.
His girlfriend is very nice.
He was drunk.
She is a homewrecker.
She is definitely a homewrecker.
He was on spring break in Algeria with his family.
They hung the Nazi flag in the room.
Try to read it with a German accent.
Why does she have to wear a Kabyle dress?
He bought a Kabyle dress for Skura.
He bought Skura a Kabyle dress.
He sprinkled raisin on top of the couscous.
My home is in Algeria.
We spend Ramadan in Kabylie.
We spent Ramadan in Algeria.
I just came from the mosque.
His hatred of Islam has turned him into a racist hatemonger that everybody hates.
It's still Ramadan.
When he was young, he hated Islam and Muslims.
Muslims go to the mosque every Friday.
He has given his whole life studying Islam.
They asked me to give a talk about how I entered Islam.
They asked me to give a talk about Islam.
We will be doing business with a businessman from Algeria.
He's a Muslim.
They don't do business with Muslims.
We went to the mosque.
He has to know about Islam.
He knows about Islam.
He knows a lot about Islam.
