Penguins move gracefully in water and awkwardly on land.
Earlier today, the porcupine's spikes ruined the eagle's morning hunt.
The schoolgirls are excited to go back to the farm to see the lambs.
He was crushed.
Who's up for mojitos?
I've never seen him cry before.
I love these movies.
Those movies are stupid.
He lifted her up in his arms.
He didn't know how to tell you.
You and I were both innocent.
We need to catch him before he goes on that plane.
He never showed up again.
He was dancing with the bride.
This is Skura's grandfather.
Did I mention that Skura's grandfather is a billionaire?
That man in the blue shirt and black jeans is Salas.
My partner surprised me with three new multicoloured fish for my salt-water aquarium.
He was dressed in khaki.
He's wearing a blue shirt and khakis.
He worked with him.
He worked for her.
He's about to marry her.
Before you get on that airplane, I need to tell you something very important.
He's a selfish bastard.
You can just go fuck yourself.
"You're fired." "You know what? You can just go fuck yourself."
I'm looking for a little bit of heaven.
"What are you doing here." "I came to see my girl."
You've been cheating on me with this dick.
You have to admit that.
I could not be more proud.
You're ruining my party.
You know I want you.
If you want to be with this dick, so be it.
"You're so beautiful." "That's so you and I love that."
I love your shirt.
Are those pineapples real?
Are those coconuts real?
He's not going to eat it.
Is this your wedding ring?
"Is this your necklace?" "Yes." "It's mine now."
He aimed at her.
What the hell is going on in here?
What the hell is going on up here?
I never even saw my neighbors in Algiers.
The gates are opening.
I don't know their names and they don't know mine.
He's throwing a party tomorrow.
He changed his hair.
"I changed my hair." "Why?"
Was it a picture of Skura?
Girls love Salas.
I can't compete with somebody who's doping.
Is this a new ringtone?
Do you like my ringtone?
Do you like this ringtone?
Finally my dream is coming true.
He did a commercial.
He did commercials.
Try to remember this.
Raise your hand if you've got a boyfriend.
These are Algerian cakes.
These are Algerian traditional cakes.
This rice is delicious.
Which antiperspirant do you use?
This is not an antiperspirant.
This is a diaper.
It's a diaper.
They'll pay me a ton of money to do this commercial.
Are you wearing a diaper?
Look how happy and relaxed everyone is.
Maybe we should take a lesson from them.
He was fishing on Lake Michigan.
He wants to interview Skura.
Skura is a famous actress.
His book sold like crazy.
I'll tell him about that.
My aunt’s parrot says dirty words.
They were moving to Algiers.
"What made you choose Algiers over Paris?" "Oh, where do I start?"
They had a few moments together.
I don't want him not to like me.
You should be able to tolerate someone not liking you.
Come as soon as you fix this.
People in Hollywood are vain.
People on this island are healthy.
Here you can relax.
He sees it happening but there's nothing he can do about it.
"You're kind of different." "Do you mean we're backward?"
Algiers is a wonderful city.
He's a nice person, right?
Your plan has worked so well so far.
Where's Skura? I'm gonna need her too.
He's upstairs, trying on his suit.
Is this champagne from London?
We have to sneak in there and steal those documents.
He deleted those documents.
He deleted those pictures.
He deleted those photos.
I can't believe you left without me.
Is he wearing one of those diapers?
He doesn't even know why we're doing this.
He didn't even mention me.
It's terrible. He didn't even mention me.
I'm so relieved.
He wants to change his name.
He's still a virgin.
"Something else?" "Nothing."
He's gonna know I've been there.
He made so much noise.
Is this your Kabyle dress?
I'm not even going to go to that stupid prom.
She's a hair expert.
Only one stylist can help you.
Don't mess with Skura.
Park your car at the end of the driveway.
"Let's call Skura." "I'm sorry, who?"
He's dressed just fine.
I just wanted to talk to you again.
He's flustered.
We're friends and neighbors.
It took me four hours to land that swordfish.
It took us four hours to land that sailfish.
Most women aren't interested in my gun collection.
I'm so glad you came over.
He was afraid she didn't like him.
You know what? I don't need the money.
Tell him I'm not ready.
When I wear this suit, I feel twenty years younger.
She's breathtaking.
She's gonna be prom queen for sure.
"Thanks for your help." "It's nothing."
He's only forty.
He threw all of his books away.
They're watching the commercial.
This cartoon is only airing in Korea.
I posted it on Youtube.
Who posted this shit on Youtube?
What can I get you, guys?
It's a text from my agent.
He was sent to Algiers to teach Berber.
He can play guitar in the band.
Do you like that band?
I can't believe how much I miss this.
This makes you feel like a teenager again.
He loves rock and roll.
They were playing too loud.
They were just practising.
He has a rock and roll band.
He has his own band.
He sounds really good.
They have a girl band.
He's not wearing socks.
He drives a tour bus.
He drives a Toyota Corolla.
Don't anticipate the downbeat.
Don't toss that stick in the air.
He was tossing the ball in the air.
I need a giant pot of coffee.
He's the lead singer.
He doesn't have to be so bossy.
Your coffee will be ready in a minute.
She has a secret admirer.
I hate this show.
You can be our guitarist.
He already has a band.
He has to admit it.
"He's angry." "I can't say you're wrong."
I appreciate the offer but I can't leave my band.
Your band is going nowhere.
I want to show you my new outfit.
I want to show you my new Kabyle dress.
Don't move. I want to show you my Kabyle dress.
He dressed like a tramp.
They practise seven days a week.
I don't know a lot about this band.
He joined her band.
He thinks he can divide and conquer.
He turned her down.
He turned her down, of course.
That's a little cocky.
He informed his teacher.
He informed the principal.
He just stayed with her out of guilt.
I hate your patronizing attitude.
If I'm ruining your fun, maybe I should leave.
"He left." "Who needs him?"
We're gonna be great without him.
Are you going to make me the lead singer?
She has slept with a lot of rock stars.
He's an experienced lead singer.
You need to believe in yourself.
Please let me sing.
They haven't named their band yet.
They have a rock and roll band.
They have a rock band.
He joined the band.
He plays the saxophone.
He knew the risks.
Imagine the look on his face when he sees me.
I will sing.
This coffee is delicious.
This orange juice is delicious.
Get out of my life, you cheating bastard!
Stop making this terrible noise.
Your boyfriend is here.
I need to talk to you separately.
You know our rule.
She grabbed her purse and ran upstairs.
She's wearing a funeral suit.
This is against the rules.
Autotuning is against our rules.
"I didn't know." "Now you know."
What they need is a lead singer.
Why are they dressed like that?
Skura will win.
I'm proud of us.
We deserve to win.
You're so vibrant and energetic.
He was singing about Skura.
I sang about my lovely wife.
She got pregnant when she was a teenager.
I'm sorry that I got so crazy.
She's such a bitch.
She really wants to have a baby.
A woman your age still has plenty of time to have kids.
He doesn't like to brag.
He looks very smart.
He is only forty.
We've retired him.
He has had a tough year.
He almost got deported.
I still haven't told you my real age.
This is a pretty safe neighborhood.
Are there prostitutes in your neighborhood?
They're done with their neighborhood watch.
"Where are you going?" "Out."
They're making a musical.
She has been disappearing a lot lately.
What an insult!
You're gonna have to do better than that.
He's a chauffeur.
I supposed you could do better.
I'm gonna go to that audition and I'm gonna get that part.
I'm gonna go to that audition.
She shouldn't have a baby with him.
The massage felt so amazing.
He couldn't stop.
He felt so ashamed.
This is coconut oil.
This has never, ever happened.
How did you get so good at doing that?
He has a vast theoretical knowledge of sex.
According to our family folklore, my grandfather played the harmonica better than his brother, my great uncle, played the accordion.
He prefers Canadian women.
You leave Skura alone!
The symptoms include evasiveness and euphoria.
It cost what it should cost.
You're looking fantastic tonight.
"Are you feeling OK?" "Better than OK."
I haven't met his parents yet.
He's on drugs.
He got here fast.
I think something has gotten into her.
He's our neighborhood watch captain.
I've a pretty good idea.
He wants it tonight.
He said he wanted it tonight.
Can you please take me there?
I'll go get the van.
I'll go get the car.
I have to cancel a previous engagement.
I have a busy schedule.
This car is pretty expensive.
You're from Algiers, not Skikda.
Please stop making this noise.
I'm Skura.
He didn't see anyone.
"I brought you these lilies." "That's so sweet."
He needs a crowbar.
Just listen to the music.
Please close your eyes and listen to the music.
He's sleeping with her, too.
She found out about us.
I'm drawn to women like you.
She's mature and full of life experience.
Her hands are remarkably smooth.
I think he wants more than an audition. This guy is a womanizer.
She's not going to reveal her real age.
He sat down.
He thought she was on drugs.
He ate the top of the muffin.
You've got to be strong.
I want my muffin.
I want to see you win that contest.
I'll love you for all of eternity.
Sit down next to me.
Come. Sit down next to me.
You're driving me crazy, Skura.
Have you heard of that soap opera actress, Skura Amzil?
He wanted a trial for that part.
He was in that movie.
She was a soap opera actress.
He's nothing but a fucking snob.
I'm not gonna be your girlfriend.
I am Skura, you idiot!
She has always been afraid of getting old.
I feel a little less scared now.
You need to accept the age you are.
She wanted to get pregnant.
You need to relax about it.
He had sex with her.
It's a very heartwarming story.
Practise, practise, practise.
I'd like to invite you to a homemade pizza dinner.
We don't want you.
He has gifted hands.
Perhaps I could be of assistance.
Please don't stop that.
He seems rather tense.
I don't recommend this art gallery.
I do not recommend this art gallery.
They're gonna go crazy for us.
You four look ridiculous.
You two look ridiculous.
You're Skura, aren't you?
It's a gay bar.
He's intoxicated already.
He's just so attractive.
Look at those arms and shoulders.
That guy looks like your type.
She befriended a gay man.
Everybody here is from Algiers.
I'm from Algiers myself.
He was trying to keep her warm.
They slept in the same sleeping bag to keep each other warm.
The story he told me was true.
"Can I buy you a drink?" "No, thanks. Let me get you one."
I own this bar.
I own this gym.
He goes to a gay gym.
He's expecting a date.
He's completely alone.
Is he expecting a date?
I'm very attracted to you.
She's so charming.
She's gonna win for sure.
Is this a drag queen contest?
He thinks she's a transgender woman.
He thinks she's a man pretending to be a woman.
Her voice is naturally high.
These are drag queens.
I think she's gonna win that contest.
Did you heard from Skura?
"Did you hear from Skura?" "She moved to Algiers."
Everyone is dead.
"Have you heard from Skura?" "She's dead." "What about Salas?" "He's dead, too." "Yidir?" "Dead." "So everyone is dead."
I never hook up.
Can you make me look better than this?
She likes gossiping.
They're sailing to Algiers.
I'll take you to the men's room. Please follow me.
This is a picture of him and my husband.
They were on a camping trip.
Please don't peek.
I thought tomorrow night we could go dancing.
They went dancing after the contest.
Did you know my dad?
It's a great picture, isn't it?
I'll just get a broom from the back. Please wait.
I can't believe he had a son and never told me.
He doesn't know either.
I'm gonna tell him the truth.
"I'm gonna tell her the truth." "You'll crush her."
I have some experience with that.
The rest of you can go.
I want to tell you something about your mother.
He looks so much like his father.
She doesn't know either.
Your father would have liked that.
He's very good at that.
They went on a camping trip.
Skura was dating Salas at the time.
He's a strong man.
Isn't he fabulous?
Ten generations ago, my ancestors migrated from Perche, Kingdom of France, to New France, or today’s Quebec.
I need something to get my mind off it.
Step back, please.
It was sweet of you, guys.
Are we going to see Skura again?
He left her for Skura.
He apologized to Skura for leaving her for Taninna.
Who turned this scale back?
Our small car, which has two doors, is black and gray.
For many international students studying in the United States, returning to their home country for the winter holidays is not an option.
I chose an particularly wide monitor for my work because it enables me to view two documents side-by-side at the same time.
Many international students don’t have family in the United States.
Many international students don’t have family in the United States and will not have family from overseas coming to visit them.
"I'm staying with a family — they're also from Brazil, but they've been living here for a really long time," said Rebeca Oliveira Esteves, a student at American University originally from Brazil.
They have a tradition of hosting a Christmas celebration with people who do not have their family here. Everyone can bring something to eat or to drink.
All of the students say the holidays are a time of nostalgia, when it’s comforting to be around people from the same cultural backgrounds as them.
Although these students have found at least a slice of home in the United States, they all say they miss the celebrations back home, and their mothers' cooking.
The Christian faithful flocked to Palestinian-governed Bethlehem in the West Bank to celebrate Christmas.
“I’m happy to be here and see the different sites and how each culture interprets devotion to God in different ways,” said Michael Aliprandini from the U.S. state of Arizona.
The Twelve Days of Christmas is the period that begins with the birth of Christ on December 25th and ends on January 6th, also known as the Epiphany, the day the three wise men visted the infant Christ.
A quilt is a multi-layered blanket, often used as a home decoration or as a baby blanket.
Quilts are an ancient craft.
In Kenya, the opuntia cactus, also known as the prickly pear, is spreading, destroying thousands of acres of grassland, and making animals that eat it sick.
Global carbon dioxide emissions rose by point-six percent this year, according to a new estimate.
I cannot abandon my friend.
Mary tried her best to be funny.
Tom tried his best to be funny.
Is there a good pizza place around here?
What colleges are you applying to?
Tom went to art school.
Tom wanted to go to art school.
Mary wanted to go to art school.
Braces are expensive.
Dental braces are expensive.
Why are braces so expensive?
Tom is an orthodontist.
The scientists used a laser.
The scientists used lasers and magnets.
Thank you for reporting the problem.
Tom looked at the sample with his microscope.
Tom looked through his microscope.
We got married in Boston.
We honeymooned in Australia.
We were raised in Boston.
We both worked in Boston.
Both of us worked in Boston.
Both of us have worked in Boston.
Both Tom and I've worked in Boston.
Tom and I've both worked in Boston.
We had a picnic near the bridge.
We can take you to Boston with us.
We can take you to Boston.
We have a house in Boston.
Tom and I have a house in Boston.
We're all going to Boston.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I are all going to Boston.
We spent the evening talking about our time in Boston.
We spent the evening talking about Boston.
We spent the afternoon talking about what we should do.
Tom and I've been talking about going to Boston for a long time.
Tom and I've been thinking about going to Boston for a long time.
We've been talking about going to Boston for a long time.
While Starliner is designed to fly autonomously, astronauts are trained to step in for almost any emergency situation.
We've been thinking about going to Boston for a long time.
Fortunately for today’s scientists, Apollo-era leaders had the foresight to save much of the pounds (kilograms) of Moon soil and rocks retrieved by NASA astronauts years ago for future generations. They figured new crops of scientists, using instruments of their time, would be able to probe the samples with unprecedented rigor.
Two teams based at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, are among the nine science groups selected to study Moon samples that has been sealed for half a century.
Using cutting-edge machines that can detect the chemical composition in grains of soil as small as a speck of dust, the two Goddard labs will study how the building blocks of life evolved in our solar system and how the Moon’s surface chemistry was shaped over eons by radiation from space and from the Sun.
“We are using instruments that did not exist during early analyses of Moon samples,” said Jamie Elsila, an astrochemist in the Astrobiology Analytical Laboratory at NASA Goddard.
She leads a team that will study samples of regolith, or Moon soil, collected in near the Apollo landing site of Taurus-Littrow Valley on the eastern rim of Mare Serenitatis.
“Because our tools today are more sensitive,” Elsila said, “we can analyze things that are present in tiny amounts. We also now can separate chemical compounds from a mixture, making it easier to identify them.”
Elsila and her team will look for the molecules, such as formaldehyde or hydrogen cyanide, that form amino acids to shed light on the primordial chemistry of the solar system.
The Moon’s surface is much better preserved than Earth’s since it has no wind, storms and other geologic processes that can erode its surface.
"We don’t have any rocks on Earth that are older than about billion years old, so we don’t know exactly how much volcanic activity there was or how heavily Earth was bombarded by asteroids” said Barbara Cohen, a planetary scientist who heads Goddard’s Mid-Atlantic Noble Gas Research Laboratory.
Since the Earth and the Moon formed together, we can use our findings from the Moon to infer what happened on the early Earth.
Curran’s interest in space blossomed when she was growing up in Manchester, United Kingdom.
Her family often took her to explore the Jodrell Bank Observatory at the University of Manchester.
“That’s one of my favorite places in the world,” she said.
After her uncle brought back stickers, postcards and a space-themed jigsaw puzzle from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, Curran became hooked on the American space agency.
“I posted the NASA stickers all over my room,” she said.
Today, as a scientist at NASA, she still finds herself awed by NASA and the Moon landings, whether through watching video footage from the Apollo era or handling Moon samples.
Transits occur when a planet passes in front of its host star from our perspective, briefly and regularly dimming its light.
The scientist looked at the sample with his microscope.
French is a beautiful language.
Do you think Mary would go out with me?
Do you think Tom would go out with me?
I took a French class last year.
I have studied French.
I'm not good at French, but I have studied it.
I've studied French for a long time.
I've been studying French for a long time.
I was in French class when the tornado hit.
You should learn to write French.
Are you good at writing in French?
French isn't taught in our schools.
How easily one acquires bad habits.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it used to be taught.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it used to be.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it should be taught.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it should be.
It's hard to break bad habits.
It's difficult to break bad habits.
It's not easy to break bad habits.
Do they still teach French in high schools?
Do they still teach French in Australia?
Is French still being taught in Australia?
How many French speakers do you think that there are in Australia?
How many French speakers do you think there are in Australia?
I think that there aren't as many French speakers in Australia as there used to be.
I think there aren't as many French speakers in Australia as there used to be.
Swim across the river.
Do you think that you could swim across this river?
Do you think you could swim across this river?
Have you ever swum across this river?
I doubt that I could swim across this river.
I doubt I could swim across this river.
Tom was able to swim across the river, but Mary had to wait for someone to give her a ride in their boat.
Tom still teaches French, doesn't he?
Tom still teaches French, I think.
I think that Tom still teaches French.
I think Tom still teaches French.
Do you think that I sound fluent in French?
Do you think I sound fluent in French?
Are you a fluent French speaker?
Where is a good place to do that?
Tom spoke French to the crowd.
Tom said it in French.
Tom should've said it in French.
They all spoke French.
We all spoke French.
Tom, John and Mary all speak French.
I wish that I'd studied French in high school.
I wish I'd studied French in high school.
I should've studied French in high school.
I regret not taking French in high school.
I should've taken French in high school.
I wish that I'd taken French in high school.
I wish I'd taken French in high school.
I wish that I'd studied French harder in high school.
I wish I'd studied French harder in high school.
You're learning French, aren't you?
You're studying French, aren't you?
You're teaching French, aren't you?
You can teach yourself French.
Why would you like to learn French?
Who is your French teacher?
Who can speak French?
Where's the Canadian consulate?
When will the French course start?
What's the longest French word?
We want to learn some French songs.
Are you interested in learning French?
I gave Tom some tips on how to learn French.
Do you all speak French?
Do you have French newspapers?
Does anybody speak French here?
Does anyone speak French here?
Everybody thought Tom was Canadian.
Everybody thought that Tom was Canadian.
Everyone thought that Tom was Canadian.
Everyone thought Tom was Canadian.
French is a language.
French is easy.
French isn't as difficult as English.
When Tom was young, he said that he wanted to become a French teacher.
When Tom was young, he said he wanted to become a French teacher.
When Tom speaks French, he makes a lot of mistakes.
Tom's mother doesn't want him to marry a woman who can't speak French.
Tom's French isn't perfect.
Tom will start studying French next semester.
Tom quickly mastered French.
Tom needs to speak French.
Tom has learned some French.
Tom learned a few French phrases.
Tom has learned a few words of French.
Tom learned a few words of French.
Tom learned a few French words.
Tom has learned a few French words.
Tom knows a few French words.
Tom says that he doesn't know any French.
Tom knew French well enough to get by.
Tom doesn't know French well enough to do that job.
Tom sang in French.
Tom often sings in French.
Tom was singing in French.
Tom is singing in French.
Tom didn't sing in French.
Tom wasn't singing in French.
Tom almost never sings in French.
Tom very seldom sings in French.
Do you think that Tom was telling the truth?
Do you think that Tom was actually telling the truth?
Do you think Tom was actually telling the truth?
Do you think that Tom was really telling the truth?
Do you think Tom was really telling the truth?
Tom has to take a French test tomorrow.
Tom has to take a French exam tomorrow.
Tom has to take a French test.
Tom has to take a French exam.
Tom has been teaching French for a long time.
Tom has been learning French for a long time.
Tom has been speaking French for a long time.
Tom has a French-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a French-English dictionary.
Tom needs a French-English dictionary.
Tom wants a French-English dictionary.
Tom wants to buy a French-English dictionary.
Tom greeted us in French.
Tom understands French, but he doesn't ever speak it.
Tom understands French, but he doesn't like speaking it.
Tom doesn't speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't really speak French anymore.
Tom interviewed for the job in French.
Tom had to interview for that job in French.
Tom bought a French-English dictionary.
This word comes from French.
This is written in French.
This isn't written in French.
This is in French.
This isn't in French.
They want to learn French.
They speak French.
Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and I speak French.
They can speak French.
Both of them can speak French.
Their French is perfect.
Their French is far from perfect.
We're going to stay in Boston.
No other language is as beautiful as French.
I think that French is the most beautiful language in the world.
I think French is the most beautiful language in the world.
I think that French is the most beautiful language.
I think French is the most beautiful language.
No one speaks French here.
Nobody speaks French here.
Let's learn French.
They talked for a while.
Tom had difficulty concentrating on his studies.
Tom had difficulty concentrating on his work.
Is there anyone here who speaks French?
Is there anybody here who speaks French?
I'm studying French drama.
I understand French, but I can't speak it.
I speak French well.
I prefer studying French with a native speaker.
I really like French a lot.
I really enjoy studying French.
I have to teach Tom French.
Tom tried his best to finish his homework on time.
Tom tried his best to please his parents.
Tom wants to become an orthodontist.
Tom used to be an orthodontist.
Do you think that Tom would go out with me?
Tom and I have been very good friends for a long time.
Tom left his keys on his desk as he often does.
Tom speaks three languages, one of which is French.
Tom realized that he was very tired.
Tom realized he was very tired.
Tom realized that Mary was very tired.
Tom realized Mary was very tired.
Tom didn't realize how tired Mary was.
Tom didn't realize how much it was going to cost.
Tom didn't realize how little time he had left.
Are you going to pick Tom up from school?
When are you going to pick Tom up from school?
Tom doesn't know the difference between glass and crystal.
French is my second language.
French isn't a hard language to learn.
Please tell Tom that he has to do that soon.
Please tell Tom he has to do that soon.
Please tell Tom that he needs to do that soon.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that soon.
Please tell Tom that he should do that as soon as he can.
Please tell Tom he should do that as soon as he can.
Tom hasn't stopped being friends with Mary.
Tom listens to nothing but punk rock.
Tom listens to nothing but jazz.
Tom listens to nothing but classical music.
The only kind of music Tom listens to is jazz.
The only kind of music Tom listens to is punk rock.
Tom is going to love the gift you bought him.
I've dislocated my knee.
Tom looked at the flowers and thought that they were pretty.
Tom looked at the flowers and thought they were pretty.
If you get tired, take a break.
It's not very interesting here.
Don't let your talents go to waste.
You're letting your talents go to waste.
My car is older than your car.
Tom asked for some wine.
Tom and Mary were invited to Australia.
Tom and Mary have been invited to Australia.
I need a fire extinguisher.
Tom's dog is dangerous.
How many French words do you know?
How long did it take you to learn French?
The time will come when you'll understand.
Why aren't you scared?
There's no reason to go.
My mother made a beautiful dress for me.
We're going to be teachers.
What's the population of your city?
Tom has moved out and has filed for divorce.
Tom has filed for divorce from his estranged wife, Mary.
Is there a good Chinese restaurant around here?
Do you know any good pizza places?
Thanks for bringing me home.
I won't wait a minute longer.
You should've done it before now.
The majority is often wrong.
The majority is not always right.
Get here as soon as possible.
Why aren't you wearing a hat?
Why aren't you wearing your scarf?
How many children can you see?
How many cars can you see?
I'm an adult now, too.
I hate women who say all men are alike.
Father took a picture of me.
I know everything about myself.
Mark the right answer, please.
She revealed a secret to me.
The time passed quickly.
Where do you want to go so late?
He lied to me many times.
Discover your talent.
Someone is impersonating Tom.
We only make use of the oportunity.
How are you learning French?
I have conversation with Tom in French every day.
I had conversation with Tom in French every day.
I talk with Tom in French every day.
I often talk with Tom in French.
I'm going over to Tom's to study French with him.
I heard that our new French teacher just graduated from college.
I heard our new French teacher just graduated from college.
I'm helping Tom learn French.
I'm not very motivated to learn French.
Tom isn't very motivated to learn French.
Tom doesn't seem very motivated to learn French.
I think it would be a good idea for you to study French.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to study French.
I think it would be a good idea for you to learn French.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to learn French.
What inspired you to learn French?
Why did you decide to start studying French?
Tom and I've spent a lot of time together studying French.
I'd be surprised if Tom knew French.
I'd be surprised if Tom could speak French.
Tom said that it would be a waste of time to study French.
Tom said it would be a waste of time to study French.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a waste of time to study French.
Tom said he thought that it would be a waste of time to study French.
Tom said that he thought it would be a waste of time to study French.
Tom said he thought it would be a waste of time to study French.
Over the summer months, Tom began to seriously study French.
Over the summer, Tom began to seriously study French.
Over the summer months, Tom began seriously studying French.
Over the summer, Tom began seriously studying French.
I wondered why Tom spoke in French.
People wondered why Tom gave his speech in French.
People wondered why Tom spoke in French.
I wondered why Tom gave his speech in French.
This book really helped me learn French.
When I speak French, most of the people in the room don't understand me.
If I speak French, most of the people in the room won't understand me.
French is complicated.
French isn't complicated.
I have a lot of friends who can speak French well.
I think that Tom isn't Canadian.
I think Tom isn't Canadian.
I signed up for a French class.
Tom says that he'll sign up for a French class.
Tom says he'll sign up for a French class.
Tom teaches adults French.
As long as there are slaughter houses there will always be battlefields.
Tom learned French from a Canadian.
I love teaching kids French.
I love teaching children French.
I love teaching French to kids.
I love teaching French to children.
Tom taught French to Mary.
I was teaching French.
I teach French every day.
I teach French almost every day.
I teach French at a junior high school.
I teach French here in Boston.
I teach French at this school.
I teach French at the community center.
Speak to Tom in French.
Tom and Mary don't know French.
They don't know French.
Does anyone here speak French well?
Does anybody here speak French well?
Who speaks French well?
Tom has a few Canadian friends.
Tom and Mary taught John French.
I'm going to speak French.
Tom never spoke French.
I usually take notes in French.
I take notes in French.
I took notes in French.
I don't usually take notes in French.
I taught French online.
I like singing songs in French.
I like to sing songs in French.
Our next song will be in French.
The next song is in French.
This song is in French.
All the songs we plan to sing are in French.
How many French songs do you know?
I love studying French.
I love learning French.
I use French almost every day.
I use French every day.
French is easier for me.
Speak a little French every day and you'll soon be a much better speaker.
Speak French every day.
I try to speak a little French every day.
Listening to French songs is one way to study.
I'm Tom's French tutor.
I can teach Tom French.
I can teach French to Tom.
I read books in French.
This word isn't French.
This is a French word.
This isn't a French word.
They both speak French.
Both of them speak French.
I had a dream yesterday.
Yesterday, I had a dream.
How many days can you survive without food?
I would buy him.
He won't come.
Tom played a game on his phone.
Mary played a game on her phone.
Tom spent hours playing games on his phone.
Tom is an orientalist.
Tom had never ridden a horse before.
Mary had never ridden a horse before.
Mary is addicted to social media.
Tom is addicted to social media.
The sailors got drunk.
The sailors scrubbed the deck.
Tom was not very keen on the idea.
She's German and she's Muslim.
Her mother was from Algeria.
His mother left Algeria.
She raised us as Algerians speaking French, Arabic, and Berber.
We're all from Algeria.
We had a happy childhood in Algeria.
He's still going to the mosque.
He wanted to live in Algeria.
They went from mosque to mosque.
When I found Islam, I knew that this was the true religion.
He's a Muslim who's not practising his religion.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the person that Muslims follow.
How did Muhammad, peace be upon him, live his life?
I learned about Islam when I was in Algeria.
He began to ask me questions about Islam.
He was searching for the true word of God.
Tom shook his head in despair.
Mary shook her head in despair.
What would happen if I accepted Islam?
The first Quranic verse that was revealed to Muhammad, peace be upon him, was "Read."
He's half-Algerian, half-German.
Her family is Muslim.
He went to Algeria in 2004.
He became really interested in Islam.
She invited me to the mosque.
He really began thinking seriously about converting to Islam.
I truly believe in Islam.
He talked about all those stupid stereotypes about Islam.
He was afraid of Islam.
I was in Algeria.
She went back to Algeria.
If Islam makes you feel closer to God, then I'm happy for you.
Islam has helped me a lot.
Islam has helped me to quit smoking.
Islam has helped me to improve my relationship with my family.
Islam has helped me to stop drinking.
Islam has helped me to quit doing drugs.
Islam made him a better person.
He was born near Algiers.
His father was Muslim.
The imam was like a big brother to me.
I prayed to God.
I made sincere prayers.
His parents were very religious.
At twenty-four, I became Muslim.
He went to the imam.
I want to be like that imam.
He wanted to become an imam.
He never became an imam.
Her boyfriend was Muslim.
Her boyfriend is interested in Islam.
He was given a book about Islam.
It doesn't have anything to do with Islam.
Islam is what I've been looking for.
In the end, he converted to Islam.
He lived with other Muslims.
He lived in London with other Muslims.
Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, is our prophet.
He came back from hajj.
She's Muslim and she wears long dresses.
She wears long dresses because she's Muslim.
She's looks fabulous in her Kabyle dress and Islamic headscarf.
My father lived in Algeria for four years.
She's an educated Algerian woman.
He still thinks Islam is a backward religion.
Islam is a very good religion.
Her father knew she had converted to Islam.
He might become Muslim.
It took him a long time to become Muslim.
That's not the true Islam, is it?
I have many Muslim friends.
She's got amazing qualities.
Islam is a very clear religion.
Islam is a very straightforward religion.
My parents are 100% Algerian.
My Islamic name is Ahmad.
He was a serious Muslim.
He found out she was Muslim and he was very upset.
He wanted to convert her to Islam.
He bought some books about Islam.
I couldn't find anything wrong about Islam.
I found so many flaws in the Bible.
I found so many mistakes in the Bible.
Is the Bible really the book of God?
I found Islam was perfect.
I should become a Muslim.
He became an undercover Muslim.
He didn't want anyone to know that he was Muslim.
He didn't want anyone to know that he became Muslim.
My parents hated me being a Muslim.
He carried on going to the mosque.
If they find out that I'm Muslim, nobody would talk to me.
He decided to marry a Muslim woman.
She met a guy who was originally from Algeria.
He found out that she was Muslim.
His father is very racist.
Her father found out that she wanted to marry a black guy.
He has been Muslim for years and his parents didn't know.
He has been Muslim for years.
Why didn't the imam come?
Our imam is a nice guy.
He still hated Islam.
"Why do you put your head on the ground?" "I'm praying."
He called Islam a silly religion.
Each doctor that treated her was Muslim.
Walking into the sun means leaving the shadow behind you.
This Islam you converted to is a lovely religion.
He had a Muslim doctor.
Some of America's best doctors are Muslim.
Some of America's and Britain's best doctors are Muslim.
The imam wants to talk to you.
He finished his prayer.
I hope you prayed for me.
Can I come in for a moment?
"Why are you wasting your time?" "I'm praying."
I'll get paid in the next life.
I'll get rewarded in the next life.
All the doctors were Muslim.
She wants to talk to the imam.
They asked me questions about Islam.
Although Islam is perfect, people aren't.
After I became Muslim, I became more partient.
After I became Muslim, I had no more stress.
Islam has an answer for everything.
Life is a test.
This will take away your sins.
Read as much as you can about Islam.
My Islamic name is Aisha.
My name is Yusuf or Joseph.
His parents never really brought him up as a Muslim.
His mother was deeply religious.
When he moved to Algeria, he became somebody else.
She started to ask questions about Islam.
Islam is their religion.
He's the only Muslim in my area.
He was a very Muslim guy.
He wasn't openly religious.
He started to talk to me about Islam.
He wanted to read more about Islam.
They read books about Islam.
He lived in a very Muslim area.
I think he's a convert to Islam.
She spoke to the imam.
He continued to listen to those Islamic tapes privately.
He went to see the imam.
He was a convert, too.
He was a Muslim convert, too.
He's the only Muslim in town.
I'm ready to accept Islam.
He did his shahada.
"Are you becoming an Arab?" "No. I've converted to Islam."
"Are you becoming a Pakistani?" "No. I've converted to Islam."
I don't gamble. I'm Muslim.
I don't drink. I'm Muslim.
I don't party. I'm Muslim.
Islam is an alien religion in this area.
He started wearing a turban.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the last prophet.
Islam is a religion of clemency.
Islam is a religion of forbearance.
He lived near the mosque.
We have a very multicultural mosque.
He came to the Islamic center.
He works for the Islamic center.
He lives in a very non-Muslim area.
They're new Muslims.
He decided to become Muslim.
Islam is a religion of brotherhood.
He never told his parents he was Muslim.
My conversion to Islam was a personal decision.
Tell your parents about your conversion to Islam in the right time.
I'm Algerian by origin.
He was probably the only Muslim in the area.
As a teenager, he was religious.
They used to go to the mosque.
He lost his connection with God.
He used to pray.
He used to pray in the mosque.
He's a very practising Muslim.
He became very Islamophobic.
He became very anti-Islam.
Although he never was racist, he became very Islamophobic.
He hated Islam so much.
His father hated Islam so much.
God started speaking to me.
God started sending me signs.
That was a sign from God.
He started talking to God.
He was devoutly Muslim.
He had a business colleague who was Muslim.
He started talking about God.
Christianity and Judaism share many similarities with Islam.
He bought a Berber translation of the Quran.
He read the Quran from cover to cover.
God spoke to me.
There is a lot of logic in the Quran.
I knew that the Quran was the word of God.
Some passages of the Quran are absolutely beautiful.
Islam is a clear path to heaven.
Islam is a clear path.
He connected with a Muslim group.
My teacher was Muslim.
He was thinking about converting to Islam.
Converting to Islam is the best thing I've ever done.
His best friend is Muslim.
We talked a lot about Islam.
We had a few conversations about Islam.
We talked about the meaning of Islam.
After that, I took my shahada.
After that, I went to the mosque and I took my shahada.
I want to take the shahada.
I believe in God and I believe that Muhammad is His messenger.
I believe in God and I believe that Muhammad and Jesus are his messengers.
"Please repeat after me: I believe in God." "I believe in God." "And I believe that Muhammad and Moss are His messengers." "And I believe that Muhammad and Moses, peace and blessings be upon them, are His messengers."
Islam changed everything in my life in such a positive way.
Our Muslim community is amazing.
I was the only Muslim in the village.
I'm happy in my Muslim community.
God has blessed me with this.
I'm part of a Muslim community.
I'm Muslim and I'm at peace with myself.
Islam has brought me happiness.
Islam is a blessing.
He's reading the Quran.
Remember your Lord and He'll you.
Islam is very easy.
Just pray.
Ask God for guidance.
Ask God for guidance and He will guide you.
I'm not sure exactly what I was expecting.
Tom looked nervously at his watch.
Mary looked nervously at her watch.
We eventually became friends.
They eventually became friends.
Tom and Mary eventually became friends.
Mary has friends all over the world.
Tom and Mary have friends all over the world.
I'm assigning this work to you.
Tom arrived on the same day as me.
Tom arrived on the same day as Mary.
I could barely stand.
I wish I had known it!
If only I had known it!
Granada is my favorite city.
The ship can still be seen.
We will meet at the station.
Peter is learning at the library.
He also knows that it is a sign of good breeding to offer one's seat to seniors.
Let's bring the noise level down a notch.
You have a cute smile.
Mary has a pretty smile.
I like them already.
I like you already.
Please return your item back to the store.
Our professor is boring and humorless.
Having good sportsmanship is essential to a sports team.
When buying a car, please remember the following do's and don'ts.
I won't do that alone.
I won't actually be doing that.
I won't surrender.
I won't eat meat.
I won't show it to anyone else.
I won't show it to anybody else.
I won't be able to catch the train.
I won't hear from Tom.
I won't take Tom back.
I won't drive tomorrow.
I won't leave tomorrow.
I won't let Tom escape.
I won't be back tomorrow.
I won't be there tomorrow.
I won't take tomorrow off.
I won't be coming tomorrow.
I won't visit you tomorrow.
I won't be able to beat Tom.
I won't be working tomorrow.
I won't come until tomorrow.
I won't start till Tom comes.
I won't start until Tom comes.
I won't be back till tomorrow.
I won't be back until tomorrow.
I won't get any help from Tom.
I won't likely leave tomorrow.
I likely won't leave tomorrow.
I likely won't be leaving tomorrow.
I probably won't leave tomorrow.
I probably won't be leaving tomorrow.
I won't be able to talk to Tom.
I won't be able to talk to Tom until later.
I won't be helping Tom tomorrow.
I won't be helping you tomorrow.
I won't be home until tomorrow.
I won't be able to convince Tom.
I won't be going to Tom's party.
I won't have to worry about Tom.
I won't likely be here tomorrow.
I likely won't be here tomorrow.
I probably won't be here tomorrow.
I won't likely be home tomorrow.
I probably won't be home tomorrow.
I won't likely do that tomorrow.
I probably won't do that tomorrow.
I won't play in tomorrow's game.
I probably won't play in tomorrow's game.
I won't be able to see Tom today.
I won't be able to work tomorrow.
I probably won't be able to work tomorrow.
I probably won't be able to see Tom today.
I don't believe what Tom told me.
I don't believe what Tom just said.
I won't be in Boston until tomorrow.
I won't give that to Tom.
I won't have to walk home tomorrow.
I won't be able to help Tom tomorrow.
I won't be working with Tom tomorrow.
I won't be working with you tomorrow.
I won't go swimming tomorrow either.
I won't be able to come here tomorrow.
I won't be able to be here tomorrow.
I won't have any trouble with Tom now.
I won't be allowed to do that tomorrow.
I won't have any more trouble with Tom.
I won't start the meeting until Tom gets here.
I won't be able to convince Tom to do that.
I probably won't be able to convince Tom to do that.
I won't be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I probably won't be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I won't be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I won't be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
I probably won't be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
I probably won't be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
I won't be as busy tomorrow as I'll be the day after tomorrow.
I won't be able to talk Tom into helping you.
Polyphemus is the most known among the cyclopes.
I probably won't be able to talk Tom into helping you.
I'm not likely be able to talk Tom into helping you.
I won't go swimming with you tomorrow.
I won't go swimming with Tom this afternoon.
I won't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I probably won't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I'm not likely be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I'm not sure I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
We're not likely to be hearing from Tom for quite some time.
We're not likely to be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I won't be able to do that if Tom doesn't help me.
I won't be able to do that unless Tom helps me.
I won't be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I'm pretty sure that I won't be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I'm pretty sure I won't be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not likely be here tomorrow.
I don't have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
I'm not likely to be present at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
I probably won't be present at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
I won't be caught.
I'm not likely to get caught.
They aren't likely to catch me.
They're not likely to catch me.
I have three French books.
I want to master French.
I don't know any French yet.
Tom really likes French.
Our husbands are Canadians.
We love speaking French.
Tom spoke little French.
Tom couldn't speak much French.
Tom has a Canadian friend.
Anyone can learn French.
Speaking French is hard.
Anybody can learn French.
We communicated in French.
Tom already speaks French.
They're French teachers.
Both Tom and Mary are French teachers.
Who's the best French speaker in your office?
If you want to make sure that Tom understands you, you should speak to him in French.
If you want to make sure Tom understands you, you should speak to him in French.
I'm an adult, too.
I'm not an adult, either.
Did you see any children in the park?
Did you see any kids in the park?
How many children did you see in the park?
How many kids did you see in the park?
There's no reason not to go.
They greeted us in French.
Does everyone here speak French?
Does everybody here speak French?
All of us are going to Boston.
I rarely read books in French.
Who's that woman who's dancing with Tom?
Who's that woman that's dancing with Tom?
Who's that woman dancing with Tom?
How much do you get paid an hour?
I didn't eat much for lunch.
When do you plan to visit Australia?
The facts are plain. Nobody can deny them.
The facts are plain. No one can deny them.
Nobody can deny those facts.
No one can deny those facts.
Is Tom still a university student?
Is Tom a university student?
Does Tom come here on Mondays?
I'll give Tom your message when he comes back.
I'll give your message to Tom when he comes back.
I'll give Tom your message when he gets back.
I'll give your message to Tom when he gets back.
Get here as fast as you can.
I won't be scared.
I won't come back here again.
I won't intervene.
I promise I won't intervene.
I promise that I won't intervene.
I won't last long.
I won't allow Tom to go.
I won't regret it.
I hope that I don't regret it.
I hope I don't regret it.
I won't stay long.
I won't stay much longer.
I won't be there long.
I won't stay there very long.
I won't be there very long.
I'm not going to wait much longer.
I don't think that I'll win again.
I don't think I'll win again.
I won't be in time unless I hurry.
I hope that I don't get nervous.
I won't be pleased if that happens.
I won't be happy if that happens.
I won't ever leave.
I can't ever forgive you for that.
I can't ever forgive you for what you did.
I won't ever forgive you for what you did.
I won't forgive you for what you did.
I won't go with Tom.
I refuse to go there with Tom.
How many rivers in Australia can you name?
How long is Australia's longest river?
Religion? That's no concern of mine.
I won't need a gun.
I probably won't need a gun.
I'm not likely to need a gun.
I won't need money.
I won't need these.
I don't need these.
I'll try not to lose.
I don't think that I'll be arrested.
I don't think I'll be arrested.
I hope that I don't get confused.
I hope I don't get confused.
I found the plot of this book confusing.
Can you recommend a good French teacher?
I was feeling exhausted.
I felt exhausted.
I like the way Tom dances.
Tom was extremely busy.
Tom is going on a cruise.
Tom isn't moving to Boston.
Tom won't be moving to Boston.
Tom will be moving to Boston.
Tom isn't a good kisser.
Tom is on a camping trip.
Tom is scared of spiders.
Tom has been sent to Australia.
Tom was up studying all night.
Mr. Jackson was a very bad teacher.
Mr. Jackson is the worst teacher I've ever had.
Tom was speaking in French, so I couldn't understand him.
Tom was standing just behind me.
Tom got hit by a stray bullet.
Mr. Jackson was such a bad teacher.
I heard Tom swearing in French.
I've never heard Tom swear in French.
Do you ever swear in French?
Tom is very special to me.
This guitar is very special to me.
Tom was working in Boston when I first met him.
Tom was working in Boston in 2013.
Tom was absolutely wrong.
Tom hid in my basement for three days.
Tom used to be a rugby player.
Mr. Jackson is our biology teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our science teacher this year.
Tom was reading a newspaper and Mary was reading a magazine.
What I'm interested in the most is astronomy.
I'm not very interested in astonomy.
I'm not interested in astronomy at all.
What interests me the most is astronomy.
What I'm really interested in is astronomy.
I don't often read books in French.
I've never read a book in French.
How many books did you read in French last year?
How many French books did you read last year?
Tom wasn't sitting next to Mary.
Tom learned a few words in French.
Tom has learned a few words in French.
I'm not likely to be forgiven.
I probably won't be forgiven.
I hope that I'm not punished.
I hope I'm not punished.
I hope that I don't get punished.
I hope I don't get punished.
I hope that I don't get arrested.
I hope I don't get arrested.
I hope that I don't get kicked off the team.
I hope I don't get kicked off the team.
I hope that I don't get kicked out of school.
I hope I don't get kicked out of school.
I hope that I don't get shot.
I hope I don't get shot.
I hope that I don't get killed.
I hope I don't get killed.
I hope that I don't get injured.
I hope I don't get injured.
I hope that I don't get wounded.
I hope I don't get wounded.
I hope that I don't get stabbed.
I hope I don't get stabbed.
I hope that I don't catch a cold.
I hope I don't catch a cold.
I hope that I don't get sick.
I hope I don't get sick.
I won't be silenced.
I won't get Tom's vote.
I won't hurt anyone.
I won't hurt anybody.
I won't leave today.
I'm not going to leave today.
I don't plan on leaving today.
When do you plan on leaving?
Where are you planning to go?
I won't let you win.
I'm not going to let you win.
I hope that I don't regret this.
I think that we should wait for Tom.
I think that we ought to wait for Tom.
I think we ought to wait for Tom.
I think that maybe we should wait for Tom.
I think maybe we should wait for Tom.
Maybe we shouldn't bother to wait for Tom.
Please be on time. If you're late, we'll leave without you.
I won't be back soon.
I won't be surprised if that happens.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happens.
I hope that I don't get suspended.
I hope I don't get suspended.
I'm sure that I won't be the first one to do that.
I'm sure I won't be the first one to do that.
Ili d iman-nnek!
I buy butter.
Childhood experiences are the driving force that shape every adult.
My native language is Czech.
You are very good at it.
This music is putting me to sleep.
This music puts me to sleep.
We have enough time tonight.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
I live near the post office.
Don't disturb me, please.
The girls started laughing.
If you are driving a car, you have to observe the traffic rules.
Are the elections results already known?
Tom isn't the true soldier.
Tom will change the world.
Don't ask me what it was!
It worries me a lot.
Have you ever tried to talk to her about it?
It seems that it'll never work.
She let me down. I'm really disappointed.
O Tom, Tom, wherefore art thou Tom?
He who knows himself knows his Lord.
Be spontaneous.
Keep people excited.
Hang out with people who are not boring.
Be curious.
Movies are scripted. Real life is not.
You are the product of that system.
He created a beautiful logo.
She's sad.
He is sad.
Do you have any news about Skura?
You can order anything you want. It's on me.
We had a good team.
I am not exaggerating at all.
Everything will be different in the future.
We have deadlines.
She lived alone in a cottage.
They adopted us.
Everybody can do it.
I have asked six times.
Maria got married last year.
Can you tell a goat from sheep?
When will she come back?
My English is far from perfect.
I woud like to make him happy.
This is a boy who looks like a girl.
He has never come since.
What can they have in common?
He has cleaned his room.
Are you going by train?
Tom waited over an hour.
Tom was waiting over an hour.
I told her that we didn't need to go shopping.
I wonder what it is like to be a bilingual speaker.
I have had this computer for twelve years.
Tom's story is not uncommon.
Mary's story is not uncommon.
Sadly, Tom's story is not uncommon.
Where are you learning Italian?
Tom's bank account was completely empty.
Do what feels right.
I just did what felt right.
Tom just did what felt right.
Tom followed his intuition.
I just did what felt right in the moment.
I just did what felt right at the time.
Tom is addicted to coffee.
Mary is addicted to coffee.
Mary's voice cracked with emotion.
The fish are biting today.
Tom caught a very large bass.
Tom plays the bass.
Tom is a bassist.
Tom is a bassist in a band.
Tom is a bassoonist.
Tom plays the bassoon.
Tom played the bass line.
I could feel the bass in my chest.
Tom could feel the bass in his chest.
I feel lucky to have him.
I feel lucky to have her.
I feel lucky to have you.
You didn't even give him a chance to explain.
You didn't even give Tom a chance to explain.
You didn't even give her a chance to explain.
You didn't even give me a chance to explain.
"You didn't even give him a chance to explain." "What's to explain?"
Maybe there's a perfectly innocent explanation.
There's probably a perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure she'll have some perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure she'll have a perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure Tom will have a perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure Tom will have some perfectly innocent explanation.
Lawmakers in most countries around the world have not yet adopted the necessary rules for the use of privacy-invasive technologies by the police.
There has to be some other explanation.
There's a perfectly innocent explanation.
"There's a perfectly innocent explanation." "I'm listening."
There might be a perfectly innocent explanation.
Tom took the ferry.
Tom tried to get as far from civilization as he could.
Tom and Mary tried to get as far away from civilization as they could.
Tom tried to get as far away from civilization as he could.
Don't get cheeky with me.
Mary didn't want to dress like the other girls.
Tom didn't want to dress like the other boys.
I just did what felt natural to me.
Tom just did what felt natural.
I just did what felt right to me.
Mary just did what felt natural.
We just did what felt natural.
We just did what felt right.
Tom doesn't come from a rich family.
Tom has a girlfriend back home.
Mary's jaw dropped.
Tom likes historical novels.
I didn't know you two knew each other.
I didn't know you knew each other.
Tom read a historical novel.
Tom and Mary travelled around the world.
Tom has moved to the country and started farming.
The people were really friendly.
Everyone was really friendly.
Everyone was friendly.
Everyone was super friendly!
Many bluejays visit our birdfeeder.
This is an old-growth forest.
Tom made friends with people from all over the world.
This was the highlight of my trip.
Tom's bank account is completely empty.
Tom's bank account is empty.
Why are you being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Why is Tom being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Why is Mary being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Tom played Santa Claus on a television show for ten years. Then he was digitized and he was fired.
Why is everyone being nice to me all of a sudden?
Why is Mary being nice to me all of a sudden?
Why is Tom being nice to me all of a sudden?
Why are you being nice to me all of a sudden?
Tom wants to travel around the world.
Tom and Mary wanted to travel around the world.
I'm not sure I want to know.
He was born in a small village in Algeria.
He was taken to Algeria very young.
He and his sister were taken to Algeria very young.
His parents were really religious.
His parents weren't really religious.
He became very religious.
He was working with the ministry of religious affairs.
He was working with the Algerian ministry of religious affairs.
They were Muslim.
He studied Islam in Algeria.
We have a mosque in the town.
This is a Sunni mosque.
I believe in prophet Jesus, peace be upon him.
Islam came to all of us.
I've always wanted to go to Algeria.
I've wanted to go to Algeria for a long time.
I read books about Islam.
I was fascinated by Islam.
I went to Algeria to work there.
You could teach Berber in Algeria.
I wanted to be in Algeria.
I wanted to live in Algeria.
I was in an Algerian province called Bejaia.
They were praying in public.
I saw a group of Muslims praying in public.
God answered my prayer.
A group of Muslims was praying in public.
Muslims are doing a lot of things that are mentioned in the Bible.
He was working with other Muslims.
He showed me how to become a Muslim.
Islam is a nice religion.
Islam is a nice and easy religion.
I was studying Islam.
I came to Algeria.
He needed some information about Islam.
Reading the Quran is like food.
Islam protects us.
This is exactly what Islam is all about.
I'm Muslim and Christianity is my previous faith.
Islam is pretty plain.
Islam is pretty plain and simple.
Islam is pretty simple.
Islam isn't just a religion. It's a way of life.
There are many beautiful things in Islam.
I love the practical nature of Islam.
She heard about Islam.
Of course, I don't understand the Berber language.
Islam is my faith.
I learnt about Islam.
I'm in a Muslim country.
I want to have the best life.
I want to live my life to the fullest.
He dropped down and prayed.
There are Muslims in Germany.
Muslims pray a lot about everything.
Islam is marvelous.
Islam is a marvelous religion.
Ask people about Islam.
Islam is what I have been looking for.
I converted to Islam in 2004.
I live in Bejaia, Algeria.
I have a Muslim background.
My family was definitely religious.
He always talked about Islam.
Islam is our faith.
He converted to Islam in his mid-forties.
He has always wanted to be a Muslim.
If you give, you'll get.
He had all the trappings of a great life.
This is the way he lives his life.
Our imam is Algerian.
We have an Algerian imam.
"Why isn't he drinking?" "He's Muslim."
"Why isn't he drinking?" "Became he's Muslim."
I want to work to live, not live to work.
What does Ramadan mean?
He didn't really mix with Muslims.
He never mixed with Muslims.
Work to live. Don't live to work.
He found himself gravitating towards that Muslim girl.
Why do Muslims fast?
Tom takes pride in his work.
Why do Muslims go to the mosque?
Islam is very rational.
This is where I lived for all of my life.
Jesus Christ is not God.
Jesus Christ is a prophet, not God.
Do Muslims believe in Jesus?
Do Muslims believe in Moses?
She kept in touch with the imam.
He asked question after question about Islam.
He was asking questions about the Quran.
The patience of the imam was phenomenal.
Read this book. It's about Islam.
I think it's time for you to visit an Islamic center.
I think it's time for you to visit a mosque.
I've never been to a mosque.
He went to a mosque by himself.
He drove past the mosque.
He kicked his shoes off and walked into the mosque.
Tom saw a camel in the desert.
He misses you.
He left the mosque a different person.
He left the mosque very late.
He wanted to explore Islam.
He had no knowledge whatsoever about Islam.
He asked questions about Islam.
Who is Moses?
Who is Abraham?
I made my shahada in Ramadan.
Islam is a straightforward religion.
He said the shahada in Arabic.
What do these words mean in Berber?
Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, is God's messenger.
He found it difficult to mix with those Muslims.
After he converted to Islam, he stopped drinking.
He didn't know a great deal about Islam.
What are you being told about Islam?
How do people view you as a Muslim?
How do people perceive you as a Muslim?
Is my life going to change after my conversion to Islam?
Will Islam make my life harder?
Is Islam going to make my life harder?
I absolutely have no issue with Islam.
I want to raise my children as Muslims.
How would I be seen as a Muslim?
After my conversion to Islam, my life has become better.
After my conversion to Islam, my life has been much better.
How does Islam affect your life?
As a Muslim, my life has a purpose.
I live my life as a Muslim.
Don't be afraid of Islam.
This is a basic principle in Islam.
Muslims should help anybody around them.
Muslims should help their neighbors.
Muslims should make their lives better.
My children want to convert to Islam.
My wife wants to convert to Islam.
Islam encourages us to help other people.
He's living his life as a Muslim.
Ask questions about Islam.
He has doubts about Islam.
He was surprised to find that out.
He eats cheese.
He likes cheese.
Smell the bouquet.
"Smell this bouquet." "I don't smell anything."
I smell it big time.
Please smell this.
He pulls these pranks all the time.
He did you get into my apartment without a key?
You come to the right place.
He woke up and found a horse's head in his bed.
She'll seduce him.
He seduced her.
He gave her a taste of her own medicine.
He will be there.
He should get over it.
You'd never believe who I ran into.
She looks like his dead wife.
He asked her out.
He's number four.
She was wearing designer shoes.
He looks like Sean Connery.
Food in Algeria is delicious.
You'll love this ice cream. Here, have a lick.
Sorry. I must be in the wrong office.
Wait, you're Sean Connery!
He has a lot to worry about.
"Wait, you're Sean Connery!" "Yes." "Big fan!"
He heard her speak without an accent.
He speaks with a strange accent.
He went to get his jacket.
He knows he's gonna break with her.
He likes being cool.
He was hiding in that closet.
He's aware of the irony.
This is good cheese.
"You're beautiful." "Please say that again."
He loves her pretty hair.
"I love your pretty hair." "Could you... say that again?"
He likes her feet.
Maybe he's wrong.
She has attractive feet.
"I love her feet." "Are you into feet?"
"I love her feet." "Do you have a foot fetish?"
He really seems to be having a good time with her.
He has fallen for her.
He has fallen for her. He has ruined everything.
He's unattractive.
He booby-trapped the box.
He can't possibly think I did that.
So now I'm a woman because I care about her. You know what? You're the woman!
Don't tell the other guys.
I've got you something.
"This is a shark." "It certainly is."
He proposed to her in a restaurant.
Are you going to keep him?
He worships her feet.
I have fabulous news.
He started playing ping-pong.
He's genuinely crazy about her.
They have a future together.
He spent Christmas in Algiers with his family.
He was on the porch.
He was smoking on the porch.
He went to the fair.
He will never be able to look at her again.
I don't think we should kiss.
I don't think we should stop seeing each other.
"I don't think we should..." "We should what?" "Kiss each other."
He has moved to Algiers to try new things.
"Lunch tomorrow?" "Sure!"
I won't stand in your way.
She's dating a pervert.
You're much prettier than Skura.
"You're much prettier than Skura." "Tell me more."
Try new things.
His feet were sticking out of the window of his car.
His was sleeping in a parked car.
He couldn't help noticing her.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to arrest you for public indecency.
Couldn't you just let me off with a warning?
He was arrested for indecent exposure.
This one is for you.
She's a big girl.
She's a bad girl.
You look ravishing.
His children are eating.
Skura... It's a pretty name.
He could hear her say that.
She has big breasts.
Hide in your closet.
This must be a practical joke meant for me.
She got crazy insecure.
She got crazy jealous.
I've been faithful to you since we met.
They met four days ago.
He's a serial womanizer.
He's incredibly attracted to her.
They usually don't notice faces.
The security guards usually don't notice faces.
This is what's causing him to go bald.
I did it for me and Skura.
Some women find that look attractive.
I'll make it up to Skura somehow.
The only problem with this plan is Skura.
This kid knows too much.
It was a new surprise for us.
Most women are hopeless romantics.
She loves romance.
Look at this smile.
Please take this home.
Bret Stephens is a bedbug.
It might have been a mistake.
Please get back at the topic at hand.
He's the topic.
They're models.
The story was sensational.
More good news for you.
Are you up for a pizza dinner?
That one doesn't even make sense.
He has a pet ferret.
This would make a great topic for our next news story.
I'm gonna call her.
I'm gonna call him.
I thought they were just friends.
That sounds rude.
He was finishing dinner with his wife when he decided to call his brother.
I support you.
He has kids.
His daughter might read it.
He didn't even noticed.
He got a tattoo with her name on it.
He had her name tattooed on his body.
He slept with many women.
He is dying.
He spent a night in the emergency room.
Could you fluff my pillow for me?
He can't go public.
He'll never check.
It doesn't have to be true.
They all died when they were young.
He's too young to die.
If she cries, she'll smear her eyeliner.
This heart attack has opened my eyes.
He spent his whole life chasing after money and fame.
He gave her a heart attack.
He asked her to text him.
His call got answered.
He didn't have to lie.
He's looking for Skura.
I was going to call to find out if you got my text.
I was going to call to find out if you got my email.
Next time, I'll show you how to do that.
I hope we'll play cards soon again.
"I hope we'll play chess soon again." "Me too."
I miss having someone to take care of.
Is it serious with Skura?
They were very compatible.
He's sweet and funny.
He prefers animals over people.
He's gonna propose.
Can I have some chocolate milk?
This is a tennis ball.
He asked her to marry him.
Sex and drugs are a path to self-destruction.
They're not getting married.
He just uses women and kicks them to the curb.
Are you hurt again?
He saved her life.
Skura, will you marry me?
This is a marriage proposal.
Is this a marriage proposal?
He just proposed to her.
Maybe he should call this off.
I prefer a cupcake.
"Did you pop the question?" "Not yet."
He popped the question.
He can do this.
This is his dog.
He texted her.
"We need to call him." "I'm on it."
He was trapped in a well.
His dog was trapped in a well.
He dug up an old photo of his father.
This is Skura.
This is Skura's sweetheart.
Algerians love animals.
Where does he keep his dog?
He has an adorable dog.
They've gone national.
He's still trapped.
He's still trapped in the well.
This is a tense moment.
They're lifting the cow out of the well.
He thinks fast.
He has been rescued.
He has a new convertible.
He has time to think.
Are those bones human?
He felt warm and comfortable.
He has cozy slippers.
He was going to ask her.
He was going to ask her to marry him.
He was feeling it, too.
Seriously? You'll marry me?
Their love was based on friendship.
They own dogs and horses.
They have dogs and horses.
He doesn't want to quit the music business.
They started missing each other.
He never quit the music business.
They had a perfect relationship.
Our friends have turned their backs on us.
She still has that nurse's uniform.
Do you like romantic comedies?
You can have a little fun while you wait.
This is her wedding day.
She was looking at him with that blush of innocence on her cheeks.
Tom made an educated guess.
Mary made an educated guess.
Tom and Mary sailed around the world.
I can't trust her anymore.
You don't trust me.
"What happened to Gloria?" "She got married three years ago and now she lives in Liège."
Have you ever thought that Cristina would cheat on you? She's not like that.
Esther's back on her bullshit.
Borech's back on his bullshit.
Sami's back on his bullshit.
Looks like Esther's back on her bullshit.
All Jacob ever does is co-sign your bullshit.
All Jacob ever does is cosign your bullshit.
I don't understand quantum physics.
The cat's asleep.
The ferret's asleep.
The turtle's asleep.
Why would you want a pet turtle?
I'd like to start a bunny shelter.
I know of a bunny shelter in Ohio.
Pigs are very intelligent animals.
I think pigs are adorable.
Pigs are adorable.
I've got a pet tarantula.
My tarantula's name is Gemini.
I've never seen a koala in person before.
I've never seen a koala in the wild before.
My ultrasound is on Tuesday.
My ultrasound's on Tuesday.
My ultrasound is Tuesday.
We all want to go to Boston.
None of us want to go to Boston.
We no longer live in Boston.
We don't live in Boston anymore.
We planned a trip to Boston.
We're moving back to Boston.
We're going to move back to Boston.
We went to a show in Boston.
We're a group of Canadians living in Boston.
We're going to go to Boston.
We go to Boston every Monday.
We go to Boston every summer.
We go to Boston three times a year.
We go to Boston whenever we can.
We've decided to stay in Boston for a few more days.
We've decided to stay in Boston.
We decided to stay in Boston.
We've decided not to stay in Boston.
We've decided not to stay in Boston any longer.
I drank more than I should've at last night's party.
I ate more than I should've at last night's party.
I think we all drank a little too much last night.
I think that we all drank a little too much last night.
How many Canadians do you think are living in Boston?
How many French-speaking Canadians do you know?
Do you know any Canadians living in Boston?
Tom still speaks French.
Does Tom still speak French?
Tom used to like studying French.
Tom used to like speaking French.
Tom used to like French.
You sound fairly fluent in French.
Tom sounds fairly fluent in French.
Do you think that Tom is fluent in French?
Do you think Tom is fluent in French?
Learning French is easy.
Learning French isn't easy.
Learning French is hard.
Learning French isn't hard.
Learning French isn't difficult.
Tom had to learn French for his job.
Tom had to learn French.
This course is only offered in French.
How many of your courses are in French?
Do you know how to swear in French?
Can you swear in French?
See you in French class tomorrow.
See you in French class.
They didn't seem to know French.
They didn't seem to understand French.
They didn't seem to want to speak French.
They didn't understand French.
They didn't know French.
I don't think that they could understand French.
I don't think they could understand French.
I'll see you in French class.
I'll see you in French class tomorrow.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand, but he couldn't.
Tom locked one of the doors, but forgot to lock the other one.
Tom's teacher said that he thought that Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said he thought that Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said that he thought Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said he thought Tom needed glasses.
Tom was sitting on that bench over there not too long ago.
Tom went to the drugstore to buy medicine for his mother.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house, but he has no choice.
I don't think that Tom has washed his car in a long time.
I don't think Tom has washed his car in a long time.
Tom helped push the stalled car to the side of the road.
Tom didn't want to eat the banana, but he ate it anyway.
Tom closed one of the doors and left the other one open.
Tom didn't eat any of the donuts that I bought for him.
Tom didn't eat any of the donuts I bought for him.
Tom wants to grow a beard, but his wife won't let him.
Tom wants to grow a beard, but his wife doesn't want him to.
Tom didn't eat any of the candy that I bought for him.
Tom didn't eat any of the candy I bought for him.
Tom had his name written on the cover of his notebook.
Tom lost the ring that he was going to give to Mary.
Tom lost the ring he was going to give to Mary.
I'm feeling much better today than I was yesterday.
I don't think Tom has ever told a joke in his life.
Tom has never asked me to show him how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house, but he has to.
Tom watered the tree that he'd just transplanted.
Tom watered the tree he'd just transplanted.
Tom said that he thought that the wine was quite good.
Tom said he thought that the wine was quite good.
Tom said that he thought the wine was quite good.
Tom said he thought the wine was quite good.
Tom says that he doesn't wash his hair every day.
Tom says he doesn't wash his hair every day.
Tom is the one who's responsible for doing that.
Tom didn't eat the sandwich that I made for him.
Tom didn't eat the sandwich I made for him.
Things are worse today than they were yesterday.
It took me three months to read all those books.
It'll take me a long time to read all those books.
I don't think that person over there is a woman.
I don't think that that person over there is a woman.
Tom wrote his name on the cover of his notebook.
Tom wished that he didn't need to wear glasses.
Tom wished he didn't need to wear glasses.
Tom was in a hurry and forgot to comb his hair.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand.
Tom said that he wants to read all these books.
This is the first time that I've milked a goat.
This is the first time I've milked a goat.
They would unquestionably diminish his bellicose outbursts.
I don't think that Tom has ever skinned a wolf.
I have hardly any money.
I don't think Tom has ever skinned a wolf.
Tom tried to sell the camera that he'd stolen.
Tom tried to sell the camera he'd stolen.
Tom never asked me to show him how to do that.
Tom never asked Mary to show him how to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't even see Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't even see Mary.
I feel much better today than I did yesterday.
I don't usually peel apples before I eat them.
It looks like Tom's shirt needs to be ironed.
Tom seemed fascinated by what was happening.
It was only at the marathon's mile that he got his second wind.
Tom peeked inside to see what was happening.
Tom touched the toad with his index finger.
Tom should thank me for doing that for him.
Tom seemed fascinated by what was going on.
Tom says that he washes his hair every day.
Nicolette loved living in suburbia: not too far from the city, but not too close, either.
Have you been having trouble with your ISP's customer service like I have?
Tom says he washes his hair every day.
Tom probably won't remember how to do that.
Tom peeked inside to see what was going on.
Tom nailed a "no hunting" sign to the tree.
Tom didn't peel the apple before he ate it.
I think that Tom is going to try to escape.
I think Tom is going to try to escape.
When was the last time you had a headache?
When was the last time that you had a headache?
When do you think that you can come again?
When do you think you can come again?
Tom deleted one of his files accidentally.
Tom accidentally deleted some files.
It looks like Tom is going to get married.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to get married.
That's why I love that Don Quixote's added title was "The Knight of the Woeful Countenance."
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to get married.
It looks like Tom forgot to comb his hair.
Tom won't likely read any of these books.
Tom probably won't read any of these books.
Tom was fascinated by what was happening.
Tom scaled the fish and Mary cooked them.
Tom said that he'd scale the fish if Mary cooked them.
Tom said he'd scale the fish if Mary cooked them.
Tom said that he wouldn't sit next to me.
Tom said he wouldn't sit next to me.
Tom moved his chair closer to the window.
Tom said that he wanted to move his chair closer to the window.
Pauline's baby Selina would just nestle in her arms as if they were the most comfortable place on earth.
Tom said he wanted to move his chair closer to the window.
Tom is worse today than he was yesterday.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was laughing.
Tom didn't notice Mary was laughing.
Tom asks for my advice from time to time.
The police think that Tom killed himself.
The police think Tom killed himself.
It took me three hours to read this book.
Tom was fascinated by what was going on.
Tom used to sell postcards door to door.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was smiling.
Tom didn't notice Mary was smiling.
Tom deleted the sentence and rewrote it.
You can always find plenty of wood shavings in the carpenter's workshop.
Kenny, Aaron, and Paul are so rowdy in the kiddie pool that they can never avoid having water splash out.
I wash my hair about three times a week.
I accidentally deleted a bunch of files.
Tom will go skiing next week with Mary.
Tom says that he doesn't like weddings.
Tom says he doesn't like weddings.
Tom probably won't remember what to do.
Tom probably won't remember to do that.
Tom needs to get a new pair of glasses.
Tom erased the sentence and rewrote it.
I wonder why Tom hates me so much.
Tom slept much longer than I did.
Tom noticed that Mary was crying.
Tom never worried about anything.
Tom never told me how to do that.
Guillermo couldn't find the site on his own, so Cara sent him the exact web address.
Tom peeled the apple before he ate it.
Tom peeled his apple before he ate it.
Everyone loves that show, even though all the jokes are scripted.
Tom lost the money that Mary gave him.
Tom lost the money Mary gave him.
Tom hid the necklace that he'd stolen.
Tom hid the necklace he'd stolen.
Tom doesn't like the taste of vinegar.
Tom doesn't know how to use a compass.
The one that makes the most money is Adriana, the web developer.
Tom didn't even try to catch the ball.
Tom and Mary are at the fair together.
Tom won't likely remember to do that.
Tom slept a lot longer than Mary did.
Tom slept a lot longer than Mary.
Tom sent me a text just a minute ago.
Tom read all these books in one week.
Tom slept much longer than Mary did.
Tom slept much longer than Mary.
It will sadden Tony so much to hear that Donna is dead.
Tom probably won't remember my name.
Tom probably won't even remember my name.
Tom lost the money that we gave him.
Tom lost the money we gave him.
Those actors play off each other so well that it makes a kind of synergy.
Tom wasn't able to catch the mouse.
Tom should thank me for doing that.
Tom should thank us for doing that.
Tom should thank Mary for doing that.
Tom noticed that Mary was laughing.
Tom noticed Mary was laughing.
Tom nailed the two boards together.
Tom loves all his children equally.
Tom lost the money that I gave him.
Tom lost the money I gave him.
Tom is pruning the trees right now.
Tom boiled some eggs for breakfast.
Tom won't likely remember my name.
Tom wasn't able to catch the ball.
Tom slept a lot longer than I did.
Tom slept a lot longer than me.
Tom noticed that Mary was smiling.
Tom noticed Mary was smiling.
Tom is responsible for doing that.
Tom has never asked me to do that.
Tom has never asked me for advice.
Tom has never asked me about that.
Tom doesn't eat junk food anymore.
Tom didn't see what was happening.
Tom can come again if he wants to.
Tom built a house near the river.
Tom always looks like he's tired.
Tom always looks like he's happy.
Tom will go skiing next weekend.
Tom was able to catch the mouse.
Tom says that he hates weddings.
Tom says he hates weddings.
Tom said that he liked the wine.
Tom said he liked the wine.
Tom said that he left a message.
Tom said he left a message.
Tom probably won't remember you.
Tom nailed the sign to the tree.
Tom is trying to sell his house.
Tom has been trying to sell his house.
Tom doesn't often tell us jokes.
Tom doesn't tell us jokes very often.
Tom didn't want to open the box.
Tom cleans toilets for a living.
Tom boiled an egg for breakfast.
Tom always looks like he's busy.
How many golf balls did you buy?
Have you ever climbed this tree?
Tom's shirt got torn on a nail.
Tom slept longer than Mary did.
Tom probably won't remember me.
Tom slept longer than Mary.
Tom made pancakes for everyone.
Tom made pancakes for everybody.
Tom is always busier than I am.
Tom has read that book already.
Tom has already read that book.
Tom got kicked out of the club.
Tom got caught using a fake ID.
Tom fried an egg for breakfast.
Tom doesn't have a dog, either.
Tom built a house in the woods.
Tom always looks like he's sad.
I wash my hair every other day.
I think that Tom took my shoes.
Where do you usually buy eggs?
Where did you buy this cheese?
Tom's job is delivering pizza.
Tom won't likely remember you.
Tom used to be Mary's pen pal.
Tom stepped on his dog's tail.
Tom sat on one of the benches.
Tom never asked me about that.
Tom didn't ask me about that.
Tom is going to try to escape.
Tom will try to escape.
Tom hasn't yet read that book.
Tom fixed the dripping faucet.
Tom doesn't have any chickens.
I don't eat junk food anymore.
I don't eat junk food as often as I used to.
Where did you buy these eggs?
Tom won't likely remember me.
Tom will tell you what to do.
Tom was the one who did this.
Tom was the one who caught the mouse.
Tom tried to catch the mouse.
Tom often asks for my advice.
Tom hardly ever asks for my advice.
Tom needs a pair of tweezers.
Tom misses his ex-girlfriend.
Tom has never seen a buffalo.
Tom has never hit his sister.
Tom has gone out to buy food.
Tom couldn't catch the mouse.
Tom and Mary are at the fair.
Tom aimed his pistol at Mary.
Tom aimed his pistol at Mary and shot her.
Tom aimed his pistol at Mary, but he didn't shoot her.
I think that Tom is homesick.
Alana, stop trying to subvert the company goals.
I think Tom is homesick.
I haven't yet read that book.
Where did you buy this ball?
Click and drag the scrollbar to move quickly down the webpage.
What Khalid really loved was the sizzle of bacon in the skillet.
Tom will call you on Monday.
Tom used to date an actress.
Tom used to date a Canadian.
Tom tried to catch the ball.
Tom slept longer than I did.
Tom bought me several beers.
Tom baked brownies for Mary.
Tom baked Mary some brownies.
Tom asked for another spoon.
Tom dropped his spoon on the floor and asked for another one.
I've read that book already.
I wonder why Tom hates Mary.
I doubt if Tom even noticed.
Tom won't read those books.
Tom wants to sell his house.
Tom used to sell postcards.
Tom seems to like my jokes.
Tom never asked me to help.
Tom hasn't asked me to help.
Tom heard Mary is studying neurology at UCLA.
Mary's dress is way too skanky.
Tom made brownies for Mary.
Tom looks younger than you.
Tom looks younger than you do.
Tom is the one responsible.
Tom hasn't caught anything.
Tom fired one of his maids.
Tom doesn't have any sheep.
Tom doesn't have any goats.
Tom didn't thank any of us.
Tom chipped one of my cups.
I saw Tom break the window.
Tom won't likely remember.
Tom will read these books.
Tom wants to grow a beard.
Tom lost his fishing pole.
Tom is planning to escape.
Tom hasn't read that book.
Tom gets up at six-thirty.
Tom gets up at six-thirty almost every day.
Tom gets up at six-thirty on school days.
Tom doesn't want children.
Tom doesn't like weddings.
Tom doesn't like that dog.
Tom doesn't like potatoes.
Tom doesn't like my jokes.
Tom didn't sit next to me.
Tom didn't catch anything.
Hey, aren't you getting thinner? Are you eating well?
Tom baked brownies for us.
I wonder why Tom hates me.
Tom won't sit next to me.
Tom used to teach acting.
Tom used to date a model.
Tom often eats junk food.
Tom looks older than you.
Tom looks older than you do.
Tom is dating an actress.
Tom has been dating an actress.
Tom has had three horses.
Tom fixed my bike for me.
Tom fixed my bicycle for me.
Tom eats a lot junk food.
Tom didn't want a banana.
Tom didn't sit with Mary.
Tom didn't like his room.
I haven't read that book.
Tom won't sit with Mary.
Tom refused to sit with Mary.
Tom shooed the cat away.
Tom loves his daughters.
Tom isn't a member here.
Tom had some very good ideas.
Tom has lost his gloves.
Where does this girl study?
Tom has had three wives.
Tom doesn't like yogurt.
Tom doesn't like pepper.
Tom doesn't like butter.
Tom doesn't eat oranges.
Tom didn't open the box.
Tom chose the black hat.
Mary isn't a boy's name.
Tom will sit with Mary.
Tom needs to find work.
Tom misses his ex-wife.
Tom loves his daughter.
Tom is out buying food.
Tom has sold his house.
Tom has read that book.
Tom has lost his knife.
Tom has lied to us all.
Tom has let himself go.
Tom has had three cars.
Tom drowned Mary's cat.
Tom caught Mary's hand.
Tom broke some windows.
Tom bought three sheep.
Tom bought three goats.
Tom loves all his children.
Tom washed the apples.
Tom washed these apples, but didn't wash those over there.
Tom thanked all of us.
Tom seemed fascinated.
Tom needs some advice.
Tom locked the window.
Tom is dating a model.
Tom is Mary's pen pal.
Tom has lost his kite.
Tom has Mary's number.
Tom broke this window.
Tom bought some sheep.
Tom bought some goats.
I often eat junk food.
I never eat junk food.
I eat a lot junk food.
Tom went to the fair.
Tom washed both cars.
Tom said that he'd wash both cars.
Tom said he'd wash both cars.
Tom was in Australia.
Tom pruned the trees.
Tom painted the wall.
Tom locked the doors.
Tom lives downstairs.
Tom killed the tiger.
Tom has a sheep farm.
Tom has a nice truck.
Tom has a nice house.
Tom fled the country.
Tom caught the mouse.
Tom bought me a beer.
Tom was a bit tipsy.
There are some documents you can look at and others you can't.
Tom wanted a banana.
Tom used to stutter.
Tom sells postcards.
Red wine pairs well with meat.
Go towards the south.
He remains unnoticed.
That girl has always followed in her mother's footsteps.
There are many other ways.
There are many other means.
Large planes produce considerable noise.
For this time of year, it's hot.
Should I take it as a compliment?
The company mass marketed the new product through radio and television.
There used to be something completely different here.
You should recognize there there is some truth to his words.
There are different definitions of democracy.
A new person runs the federal bank.
There's a new man in charge of the federal bank.
The apostle Paul was born in Tarsus.
Love is strong, but money is much more powerful.
A friend of a friend is also a friend.
Those rules are very strict, aren't they?
Let's buy some ice cream at the ice cream shop.
The apple is on the shelves, next to the pot.
Show it to me, I beg you.
Mr. Wang is of Chinese origin.
Do you think that Mary would go out with me?
The president argued with the factory head about the production plan.
I think I'm doing all I can in that job.
Tom is sitting in my spot.
Next year I will have been studying English for five years.
He could not fulfill our expectations.
This coming year, I will have been studying English for five years.
Wait, did you hear what I told you?
"Yesterday I had a dream about you, Tom." "Really? What was I doing?"
I want you to understand my situation.
This lime isn't ripe.
It seems like Tom doesn't remember you.
I don't think that this is really necessary.
He's a very power-hungry man.
I don't think this is really necessary.
Both his arms are paralyzed.
The meeting extended well into the night.
Turn on the light, please. I can't see anything at all.
"I don't smoke anymore, didn't you know?" "Since when?" "Today makes three days."
I want to analyze your urine.
Does Tom get along with Mary?
I think I'll make a cake to take to Maria's party.
I think it's the first time I've seen such a beautiful evening.
I saw the silhouette of a woman inside the train.
It's important to keep yourself motivated regarding work.
Is Tom on good terms with Mary?
Tom, are you on good terms with Mary?
We spent the afternoon playing cards.
Tom spent all day playing games.
Tom lost his gloves.
Tom lost one of his gloves.
Tom killed the wolf.
Tom killed the lion.
Tom killed the bear.
Tom is next to Mary.
Tom is like his mother.
Tom hated all of us.
Tom got Mary a ring.
Tom got a ring for Mary.
Tom fixed the radio.
Tom wasn't able to fix the radio.
Tom felled the tree.
Tom cut down the tree.
Tom cut the tree down.
Mary was an actress.
Mary used to be an actress.
Mary used to be a famous actress.
Mary looked radiant.
Mary is wearing red.
Mary is a wearing red dress.
Mary is a wearing red skirt.
Mary is a wearing red sweater.
Tom wrote his name.
Tom won't remember.
Tom wasn't careful.
Tom was in my room.
I wonder why Tom was in my room.
Tom can sleep in my room. I'll sleep on the couch in the living room.
Tom can sleep in my room. I'll sleep on the sofa in the living room.
Tom was at the pub.
Tom was at the pub with his friends last night.
Tom wants this car.
Tom wants a banana.
Tom tore his shirt.
Tom thanked us all.
Tom thanked all of us for our help.
Tom tells us jokes.
Tom teaches acting.
Tom stole my shoes.
Tom sold postcards.
Tom sent me a text.
Tom sent me a gift.
Tom saw the lights.
Tom saw the lights in the distance.
Tom sat on my coat.
Tom sat on my hat.
Tom sat on a bench.
Tom sat by my side.
Tom read the books.
Tom might not come.
Tom might not come to Australia with Mary.
Tom lost his knife.
Tom lives upstairs.
Tom used to live upstairs.
Tom likes that dog.
Tom likes mischief.
Tom lied to us all.
Tom let himself go.
Tom left in a rush.
Tom jumped for joy.
Tom is worse today.
Tom is pretty ugly.
Tom is near thirty.
Tom is much better.
Tom is in the zone.
Tom is at the fair.
Tom is a trickster.
Tom is a timid man.
Tom is a lucky kid.
They know I'm in love with you.
Tom is a lone wolf.
Tom is a bean pole.
Tom hit his sister.
He's in no shape to work today.
Tom helps the poor.
Tom hates weddings.
He promised himself to help her.
Tom has ugly hands.
Tom has some sheep.
Tom has some goats.
He promised himself to take care of her.
Tom has some chickens.
Tom has huge hands.
He has always been supportive.
Tom has huge debts.
Tom has his quirks.
Tom has hazel eyes.
Tom has a dog, too.
Tom has a dog. He has three cats, too.
Tom has a VIP pass.
Tom got me a drink.
Tom got hysterical.
Tom got goosebumps.
Tom got a nose job.
Tom gave us a book.
Tom forgot his key.
Tom fixed the lock.
Tom fixed the door.
Tom fired his maid.
Tom eats junk food.
Tom died childless.
Tom delivers pizza.
Tom cleans toilets.
Tom can come again.
Tom broke his back.
Tom broke a window.
Tom bought us food.
Tom bought a phone.
Tom became a pilot.
Tom wants to become a pilot.
Tom became a judge.
Mary loves flowers.
Mary looked lovely.
Mary is my grandma.
I'm wide awake now.
Tom will show you.
He doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom will call you.
He never got a girlfriend.
Tom wept bitterly.
Tom went on board.
Tom was a bad man.
He's still in high school.
Tom taught acting.
Tom stole the gun.
He's a nerdy guy.
Tom tried to sell me the gun he'd stolen.
Tom shot the lion.
Tom shot the bear.
Tom saw a buffalo.
Tom reports to me.
Tom doesn't report to me.
Tom prayed to God.
He doesn't like skinny girls.
Tom prayed harder.
Tom planted trees.
Tom never told me.
Tom must be saved.
He has a soccer-player physique.
Tom misses his ex.
Tom might make it.
Tom married money.
"I weigh kilos." "And you wonder why you can't get a girlfriend."
Tom made it worse.
Tom made brownies.
Girls are attracted to money.
Tom made brownies for everyone.
Tom made brownies for everybody.
Tom made enough brownies for everyone.
Tom made enough brownies for everybody.
Tom didn't make enough brownies for everyone.
Tom didn't make enough brownies for everybody.
Tom loves himself.
They say that variety is the spice of life.
This is the best-selling pizza in Algiers.
Tom loves himself more than he loves anybody else.
Tom loves himself more than he loves anyone else.
Tom loved me, too.
He was perceived as being ugly.
Tom lost his kite.
Tom's kite got stuck in a tree.
Tom likes secrets.
Tom left the shop.
Tom left the shop, carrying three packages.
Tom is unbearable.
Tom is too clingy.
Tom is only a man.
Tom is on the lam.
Tom is a sourpuss.
Tom is a golf pro.
Tom hates turnips.
Tom has got style.
Tom has dark eyes.
Tom has a unibrow.
Tom has a stalker.
Tom says that someone has been stalking him.
Tom says that somebody has been stalking him.
Tom got the prize.
Tom got here fast.
Tom fixed the car.
Tom fixed my car.
Tom felt defeated.
I felt defeated.
Tom drew an apple.
Tom could make it.
Tom could probably make one of those.
Tom chipped a cup.
Tom built a house.
Tom became a cook.
Tom baked cookies.
Tom acted strange.
Tom was acting strangely.
Mary is super hot.
Mary is my sister.
Tom was handsome.
Tom was hammered.
Tom wanted a car.
Tom spoke loudly.
Tom saved my dog.
Tom plants trees.
Tom never speaks.
Tom needs advice.
Tom loves gossip.
Tom lost the key.
Tom isn't a girl.
Tom is too small.
Tom is penniless.
Tom is a tourist.
Tom hates snakes.
Tom hates clerks.
Tom hated us all.
Tom got on board.
Tom fixed the TV.
Tom drinks water.
Tom should've drunk more water.
Tom drank coffee.
Tom became a cop.
Mary is in labor.
Mary is a cougar.
Tom would laugh.
Tom was reading.
Tom was fasting.
Tom texted back.
Tom tells jokes.
He's a skinny guy.
Tom sent a text.
Tom saw a moose.
Tom rode a pony.
He hates shaving every other day.
Tom rejected me.
Tom ordered one.
Tom never calls.
He hates shaving.
Tom never calls anymore.
Tom might do it.
He shaves every other day.
Tom may do it.
He has a better sense of smell than me.
Tom might not do it.
Tom may not do it.
Tom may make it.
Tom may make it in time.
Tom may not make it to the party.
Girls look for confident guys.
Tom is too tall.
Tom is prolific.
He doesn't need a girlfriend.
Tom is in limbo.
Tom is addicted.
Tom is abnormal.
He has trouble with girls.
Tom is a square.
Tom is a rascal.
Tom is a dimwit.
Being rejected hurts.
Tom hates women.
Tom hates curry.
Tom had a watch.
Being rejected by a girl hurts.
Tom fooled them.
Tom drank vodka.
They say that the truth hurts.
Tom doesn't run.
Tom cooled down.
Tom brews beer.
Tom brewed beer.
This is like pouring salt into a wound.
Tom bought that.
Tom asked me to.
Mary had a baby.
Tom won't call.
Tom went again.
Tom wears ties.
Tom was rowing.
He fears being rejected.
Tom enjoys rowing.
Tom wants meat.
Tom shot a dog.
Tom shot his own dog, thinking it was wolf.
Tom sells food.
Tom screwed up.
Tom has screwed up.
He gave her a dirty look.
Tom saw a deer.
Tom saw three deer.
Tom saw a bear.
Tom saw some bears.
Tom runs a bar.
Tom runs a bar in downtown Boston.
Tom retaliated.
Tom loves toys.
Tom lost money.
Tom lost money on that deal.
Tom likes toys.
Tom lacks tact.
Tom is too big.
Tom is so kind.
Tom is my ward.
Tom is corrupt.
Tom is a grump.
Tom is a dunce.
Tom invited me.
Tom hates bats.
Tom hated bats.
Tom handled it.
Tom handled it for me.
Tom got a visa.
They wouldn't give Tom a visa.
Tom felt dazed.
That girl is way out of my league.
He's very good-looking.
Tom eats fruit.
That girl has an extremely undesirable personality.
Tom doesn't eat much fruit.
His girlfriend is super attractive.
Tom doesn't eat enough fruit.
Tom eats bread.
Tom eats bread much more often than I do.
Tom didn't say.
"What's Tom going to do?" "He didn't say."
Tom can't play.
Tom can't play with you today.
Tom can't play any musical instrument.
Tom can't jump.
He looked her up on social media.
Tom can't jump as high as he used to.
Tom can't jump as high as he used to be able to.
Tom can retire.
Tom has enough money to retire.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to retire yet.
I don't think Tom has enough money to retire yet.
They're just actors.
Mary is very hot.
Mary is so hot.
She's the wife of the general.
Tom used Mary.
Tom said that he felt used.
Tom said he felt used.
Tom looks fat.
Tom isn't sad.
Tom isn't new.
Tom is closer.
Tom is bitter.
Tom has goats.
Tom has flaws.
Tom guided us.
Tom did right.
Tom copied me.
Tom did what I did.
Tom came soon.
Mary is a nun.
Mary plans to become a nun.
Tom won't do.
Tom won't do what you want him to do.
Tom won't be able to do that job.
Tom will eat.
Tom showered.
Tom is proud.
Tom is plump.
Tom has dogs.
Tom ate well.
He's not Tom.
He isn't Tom.
Tom snorted.
Tom gargled.
Tom gargles every day.
Tom sent me.
Tom sent me to help you.
Tom reacted.
Tom is vile.
Tom has wit.
Tom guessed.
Tom guessed what was going on.
Tom can run.
Tom can run quite fast.
Tom played all day.
Tom played with the neighborhood children.
Tom played with the other children in the neighborhood.
Tom doesn't get along with the other children in the neighborhood.
Tom braked.
Tom braked, but not in time to avoid hitting the dog.
Tom reads.
Tom reads faster than me.
Tom reads faster than I do.
Tom is a very fast reader.
Tom dived.
Tom dived off the tower.
Tom jumped into the water and Mary jumped in after him.
"Who did that first?" "Tom did."
Tom began.
Tom began chanting.
Tom went.
Tom began dancing.
I want Tom to drive me to the airport.
I want Tom to help me clean the house.
How far is it to the train station?
I want Tom to show you how to do that.
How long ago was this bridge built?
I wanted Tom to clean the living room.
How long are you going to be there?
I wanted Tom to help me in the garden.
I wanted Tom to sing my favorite song.
He has a masculine character.
He has a very masculine character.
We can't win against nature.
You need to make her feel like a girl.
Every girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
Every girl, I repeat, every girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
Every single girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
He attracts girls like a magnet.
This pizza has four main ingredients.
He went to the bathroom and left me alone with that girl.
He introduced me to a girl then went to the bathroom leaving me alone with her.
He gets hostile when someone stares at him.
He met her at a fast food joint.
He has nothing to offer.
They have nothing to offer.
Start small.
He experienced many epic failures.
When he started dating, he experienced many epic failures.
He's online.
He needs to improve his game.
He's really interesting.
He lacks appeal.
Why is he so good with girls?
How is he so good with girls?
He needs to do it right.
He intuitively absorbs those ideas.
He intuitively absorbs those tips.
He intuitively absorbs those tricks.
He was on his way to the movies with that girl.
Girls do this all the time.
He views girls as trophies.
Does she think I'm weird?
I don't need validation from any girl.
I'm responsible for my life.
I don't need validation from anyone.
I wanted to tell Tom that I was sorry.
I hope you had a great Eid.
Tom didn't accuse anybody of anything.
How long do you plan to stay there?
She is attracted to things that she can't have.
How long will you be staying there?
How many grandchildren do you have?
I'm pretty sure that Tom could see me.
How many more hours will this take?
How many more people do you expect?
He's less available online.
Tom didn't ask anyone else to do this.
How many of your students are boys?
How many of your students are girls?
Tom didn't believe it really happened.
Tom didn't believe that it really happened.
Tom didn't ask anybody else to do this.
They eyes met and they instantly felt the sparks flying.
She uses her beauty to her advantage.
She knows she's extremely attractive.
She knows she's very attractive.
He's nervous about his appearance.
She gets nervous because she feels like everyone is looking at her because she's extremely beautiful.
Super attractive girls are just like anybody else. They don't have super powers.
Even super attractive girls have feelings.
Girls are good at hiding their feelings.
Super attractive girls are just as nervous as anybody else.
She's super attractive but doesn't notice she is.
She doesn't even know how attractive she is.
I'm not confident around super attractive girls.
The truth is that I've never been confident around super attractive girls.
He was eaten by a lion.
He was attacked and eaten by a lion.
He was tackled and killed by a bear.
Girls are submissive and guys are dominant.
Women are submissive and men are dominant.
What you're about to learn might shock you.
What you're about to learn just might shock you.
They serve terrible food.
Don't eat the meat.
Indirect communication is the primary form of communication used by girls.
He's very direct in his communication.
Direct communication is masculine.
Indirect communication is feminine.
He uses direct straightforward communication.
He got good at flirting.
He encouraged her to take action.
He's terrible at flirting.
She loves skirts.
He's still hinting that he likes her.
"Look at those towelheads." "Where the fun in that?"
He's going to kiss her now.
He's practising speaking in Berber.
He doesn't need to say it directly.
This popcorn tastes really old and stale.
He dislikes me for no reason at all.
You have to develop a thick skin and not take bad experiences personally.
They're remodeling a portion of the store.
How does an infant learn to walk?
You're one of those idiots!
Don't forget to bring your canine companion.
He smells like pumpkin.
Look at the way he holds his head.
He exudes confidence and self-assurance.
He made her feel important.
He took my job.
He stole my job.
He accepts people for who they are.
He encourages people to be the best they can.
How does he act around girls?
He's very physically attractive.
Stay calm and collected.
You should stay calm and collected.
Are you in Turkey?
I am in Turkey.
I love Turkey.
I want to go to Turkey.
Do you like Turkish food?
Have you noticed that he came?
My sister is working as a shop assistant now.
I forgot when your birthday was.
Is your friend here?
There was no time for that.
Why did you not help me?
She has become a nurse.
The lemonade is too sugary.
The lemonade is overly sweet.
Goodbye cute little cat.
He's working in Turkey.
This lollipop is too sweet.
He is leaving Algeria this morning.
He will be off to Algiers.
It's freezing in Algiers.
Do you live in Algeria?
Algerian food is delicious.
Algerian cakes are absolutely delicious.
Algerian food is so good.
He sent her postcards from all the places he traveled to in Algeria.
He sent her a letter from Algeria.
He sent Skura a postcard from Algeria.
Woe is me!
It was snowing a lot yesterday.
Everybody knows that they are in love.
My younger brother is a genius.
Nobody knew about his illness.
He weighs much more than before.
Children will return home from school.
Don't speak to him like this.
Does she like cats?
We are not all equal.
You are hiding something.
I often call him.
I also wanted to see the sea.
He admitted to being wrong.
I am learning the language by myself.
I doubt that it works.
I will stay standing, thanks.
Tom told the truth to Marie.
Tom is just waiting in the salon.
He has something in his pocket.
Who commited that crime?
Who's maintaining it?
You're more exposed to the language.
Keep up the good work and learning.
They discussed the wedding night.
We're good at that area.
We want a simple ceremony.
They want a tasteful wedding ceremony.
They are planning their wedding.
That girl is so mean.
It's about you, not me.
That's what he was trying to say.
It's gonna cause you nothing but trouble.
They picked the right doctor.
They are going to have a wedding.
Her husband is gay.
She found the right pair of heels.
What am I, a detective?
They spent an entire weekend in Algiers.
Skura, you're beautiful.
She looks like a teenager.
Were you a virgin on your wedding night?
We have a surprise for you.
We're paying for everything.
He wants a full orchestra for his wedding.
He's the man I adore.
He needs to do some research.
There are tons of books that he can download.
This was a long time ago.
Start studying.
He did that commercial.
They're paying me a bundle to try their newest products.
He's wearing a jumpsuit.
These are disposable clothes.
He feels so much happier.
You'll feel so much happier.
Get up now.
Get up now!
He's my wedding planner.
He needs to get the job done.
Get your bony ass out of bed!
Get your ass out of bed!
Get your big ass out of bed!
They need four horses for the carriage.
So what's all this?
He watched cable shows.
He was reading a magazine.
I hate his mood swings.
He's getting married.
"I shit my pants." "Yes, I can smell that."
"I shit my pants." "Yes, I can see that."
Skura looks very tropical in this dress.
"Fuck!" "What?" "Don't you watch American shows? This is how they talk."
He turns everything into poetry.
He needs roses.
He was delayed.
I'm happy to wear it.
This is my second counseling session.
He worships the ground Skura walks on.
Your hair is lovely.
He wasn't always a minister.
He wasn't always an imam.
She lost her virginity to him.
"He's black." "Is this an issue?"
"He's Muslim." "Is this an issue?"
"She wears hijab." "Is this an issue?"
The wedding is off.
"He hit me." "Turn the other cheek."
This is Skura's jacket. She dropped it off.
He ruined everything.
Do you think the wedding is really off?
That was very impressive.
I don't want to ruin the moment.
He's about to explode.
He wants their special day to be perfect.
"Who said that?" "I did."
The first time he got married he was twenty-four.
She started reading bridal magazines.
He doesn't want to mess it up this time.
He's a minister. He marries people all the time.
He's living in a dream world.
He doesn't worry about them.
He has kids and grandkids.
He has friends.
They were walking down the aisle.
They can sing it in Berber.
What is all this? What happened?
"Are you OK?" "How can I be OK? My son has been arrested."
Your car is parked too far from the curb.
He's a stripper.
He's a local celebrity.
Make sure you move that car.
He moved that car away.
He's a national celebrity.
He's an international celebrity.
We can't drink.
You can't believe everything you read online.
He needs that aspirin.
This isn't beer.
This isn't aspirin.
This is an aspirin bottle.
He lost some weight.
He served them champagne.
He had a funny accent.
They need to get all those people out of here.
She's the maid of honor.
He's giving the guests gift bags.
Check my Facebook page.
I can't find Skura.
He missed his appointment.
He missed his dentist appointment.
You're not supposed to see the bride.
Be moderate in moderation.
He's drinking a caffeinated soda.
Don't drink soda after ten.
When you talk to Skura, would you please tell her that I'm coming on Thursday?
I'm not going to get a hangover because I took this drug.
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like drinking wine.
He's OK with Skura marrying Yidir.
Was that the sign?
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like to drink wine.
He likes those potato chips.
He needs to get a closer look.
He's just drunk.
He's so energized this morning.
I feel weird. Maybe I should stop drinking.
He's getting married tomorrow.
That's how it starts.
He has been married like a million times.
I'm not an alcoholic; I just like wine.
Is it OK if she marries him?
The squirrel bit him.
The squirrel bit his hand.
The squirrel bit my finger.
He went to his apartment.
They met there last night.
He doesn't want Yidir to marry her.
He doesn't want her to marry me.
The mugs were on the table.
Who texted you?
Who told Skura?
Who else saw you?
Who helped him escape?
What's his plan?
Who stopped it?
Who stole the bicycle?
Who won the wet t-shirt contest?
She entered a wet t-shirt contest.
She started a wet t-shirt contest.
They're going to get married at a church.
They got reservations.
It will be so easy to get reservations.
Please give me for this headache.
He's facing many troubles.
He did bad things.
He did very bad things.
She became a nun.
He did all his acting with his hands.
We have an announcement to make.
He drank the last bottle of wine.
That's exactly what we should do.
"Let's go to Algeria." "That's exactly what we should do."
He started to remember stuff.
He really needs to find her.
He visited his wife's tomb.
He doesn't have to feel guilty anymore.
He's OK with us.
He was dancing on her grave.
He was dancing on his stepmother's grave.
Is this what you're worried about?
Be a good wife.
Be a good stepmother.
Don't marry him.
Move in with me.
The only man I'm here to marry is Yidir.
The only woman I'm here to marry is Skura.
She's already married to me.
This is her ex-husband.
He doesn't know what he did last night.
He's wearing a wedding ring.
I should have never let you go.
He followed her from church.
I've heard Tom will be moving out of Boston in 2020.
Rumor has it that Tom is going to move out of Boston in 2020.
They gave him the wrong box.
He ordered food.
He didn't check his food. He didn't order this.
He didn't check his sandwich.
The one time I didn't check my sandwich, they gave me the wrong order.
You gave me the wrong order.
He really likes this type of video.
A horrible thing happened on that bus.
It is a thing of the past.
I knew that you had been there.
I will go shopping with you.
The tour will last at least eight hours.
He is taking care of his family.
She feigned her illness as an excuse.
Don't complicate your life.
You'll feel so happy.
This semester, I'll be taking a course in advanced Arabic.
It can happen here, too.
It could happen here, too.
Watch scene with subtitles.
Lucy is a student from the States.
I murdered a god.
Deep down, I know very well that it's not right.
Tickets are already on sale.
You seem to be a misogynist.
I've heard that Tom will be moving to Boston next year.
I've heard Tom will be moving to Boston next year.
I've heard that Tom will be leaving Boston next year.
I've heard Tom will be leaving Boston next year.
Tom didn't call the police right away.
How many people live in your house?
Tom has done a lot of stuff like that.
How often do you get your hair cut?
Tom hasn't accused anyone of anything.
I couldn't do anything at the time.
Tom packed up his belongings and left.
I decided not to sign the contract.
Tom usually does that on his birthday.
I don't believe it really happened.
Tom wanted to do something to stop it.
I don't believe that it really happened.
I know where you're planning to go.
I read the contract very carefully.
Girls seem to like Tom for some reason.
I really like being married to you.
How did you get Tom to stop doing that?
I really like hanging out with you.
How do you know that Tom won't do that?
I really like it here in Australia.
How much money can you borrow from Tom?
I thought everyone did really well.
I thought everybody did really well.
How much money did you borrow from Tom?
How soon do you expect Tom to get here?
I asked Tom to leave the door unlocked.
I want everyone to get out of here.
I want everybody to get out of here.
I don't think Tom actually understands.
I want someone to close the window.
I want somebody to close the window.
I strongly disagree with what Tom said.
I thought that I heard Tom tap dancing.
I want you to know I won't do that.
I want you to know that I won't do that.
I want Tom to bring me a cup of coffee.
I wanted to open my own restaurant.
I want Tom to cook me something to eat.
I wish that I was a better person.
I wish I was a better person.
I want Tom to stay a little bit longer.
I woke up several times last night.
I want Tom to tell me his phone number.
I won't do this again anytime soon.
I'll be back before lunch tomorrow.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing.
I'm afraid it's rather complicated.
I'm afraid that it's rather complicated.
It was obvious to everyone that he was tired.
It was obvious to everyone he was tired.
It was obvious to everybody he was tired.
Tom is tall and skinny.
Do you sell jewelry?
Do you sell jewellery?
I hope that he won't cheat me.
Keep acting like that, and you will achieve many things.
I don't follow the instructions.
I want a new carpet.
I didn't take a single picture.
The philosopher claimed that life is a dream, and dreams are reality.
We will see each other on Friday.
I see mine every day.
The key to happiness is in our hearts.
It became the meaning of my life.
Tom was a bit intoxicated.
"What is our aunts' nationality?" "Chinese."
I wanted Tom to come back to Australia.
I'm looking forward to being there.
I wanted Tom to invite me to his party.
I'm miserable when you're not here.
I'm miserable when you aren't here.
I've never bought a lottery ticket.
I've been doing this for three hours.
That's insane!
You are free.
Which live longer, emus or ostriches?
What's the difference between an emu and an ostrich?
How long do emus live?
He speaks Arabic with a slight Kabyle accent.
What's the average lifespan of an ostrich?
I like her Kabyle accent.
You're not in Algeria.
Wake up! You're not in Algeria!
He's a native of Algeria.
Those Algerian guys are really good friends of mine.
What does rabbit meat taste like?
He works for her.
Excuse me, is this song in Berber?
Excuse me, is this Berber?
Noureddine Khettal says that there is no such a thing called the Berber language.
Noureddine Khettal denies the existence of the Berber language.
Noureddine Khettal went as far as Morocco and Egypt to carry out "field research" and demonstrate us that the Berber language does not exist.
It's all our own fault.
My life in Algeria is normal.
Swim across the river? Are you crazy?
I guess you know Berber, right?
He doesn't know Berber.
Say something nice in Berber.
Do you have an Algerian number?
Do you have an Algerian phone number?
You should have an Algerian phone number.
He's still speaking Berber.
He doesn't have an Algerian phone number.
He doesn't have an Algerian number.
He does not know Berber.
It's your fault that that happened.
It's your fault that happened.
It's your own fault that that happened.
It's your own fault that happened.
He regretted going to Algeria.
We speak in Berber when we're together.
I'm just going to saying in Berber.
They started speaking in Berber.
I assume that you know Berber.
Algeria is my favorite vacation destination.
Everyone is Algerian here.
Happy New Year to Algeria!
Happy New Year to all Algerians!
He tried to live as far away from Algiers as he could.
Are you going on vacation in Sicily?
I do like Algiers.
He really doesn't like Algiers.
He understands why I don't like Algiers.
He made a Youtube channel for just Algiers.
He went to a meeting in Algiers.
He has an agent in Algiers.
He's an actor and his agent is in Algiers.
His accent was Kabyle.
Even his accent is Kabyle.
She looks Algerian.
I'm not from Algeria.
I'm in Algeria right now.
He has a heavy Kabyle accent.
He's from Algiers.
He never lost his Kabyle accent even in Canada.
Among all the Greeks surrounding Troy, Achilles was the bravest.
I wanted Tom to meet me at the station.
I wanted Tom to stay in Boston with me.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to juggle.
I wanted Tom to tell me how to do that.
Is there enough wind to go sailing?
It isn't easy to get to the castle.
This product was made in Australia.
What do you like best about Boston?
I'm in Algeria for real estate business.
It's hard to get an Algerian visa.
He told me how to get an Algerian visa.
He wants to break into the Algerian market.
Algiers? I don't know where that is.
He went to Algiers, too.
This is rude, especially in Algeria.
This is not the case in Algeria.
He talks to his cat in Berber.
This money won't be enough for the whole month.
I asked the question in Berber.
It's not an Algerian that lives here.
It's not an Algerian person that lives here. It's a foreigner.
He started speaking in Berber again.
Today is the last day of this year.
He's probably Algerian.
He was arrested in Algeria.
He was arrested in an Algerian airport.
He was deported from Algeria.
She was deported from Algeria.
He should be extradited to Algeria.
He will be extradited to Algeria.
She doesn't like wearing Kabyle dresses.
It takes over minutes to boil an emu egg.
One emu egg is about the equivalent of nine chicken eggs.
That happened in Algeria.
They have two dogs, a cat and ten chickens.
Tom wasn't eligible for redundancy payment.
It is difficult to get on well with Tom.
Tom was discharged against medical advice.
Tom refuses to celebrate anything.
It didn't take long for Tom to do that.
What do you want to do after lunch?
Tom couldn't have done this by himself.
What were you doing this afternoon?
Tom dated a Canadian woman for a while.
Where did you learn how to do this?
You shouldn't have sold your house.
Why don't you like girls?
Why do you hate women?
I bought his latest novel.
I've purchased his latest novel.
I bought his last novel.
I woke up next to a strange woman.
Do you see that he's happy?
Can you see that he's happy?
Tom couldn't recall his name.
How many people know that you're alive?
How many people know you're alive?
Tom is redundant here.
I don't like you enough to want to date you.
I don't think that I'd want to date your sister.
I don't think I'd want to date your sister.
Tom couldn't remember the man's name.
I know I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember his name.
I know I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember where.
I know that I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember his name.
I know that I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember where.
Our great-aunt gave us each a piece of strudel.
How long will it take us to do this?
Tom doesn't believe it really happened.
How many hours did you have to wait?
Tom hasn't accused anybody of anything.
Our babysitter gave us a chocolate bar apiece.
How many more days will you be here?
Tom only did that because he was drunk.
Tom said he and his wife would be here.
Tom said that he and his wife would be here.
How many pairs of shoes do you need?
Tom says he doesn't feel safe anywhere.
Tom says that he doesn't feel safe anywhere.
How many pounds of flour did you buy?
Tom told me about everything he'd seen.
How many stores did you go to today?
Tom wouldn't have done that on his own.
How much fruit do you eat every day?
I asked Tom to tell you I wasn't coming.
I asked Tom to tell you that I wasn't coming.
How soon will you be ready to leave?
Tom gave each of us a piece of chocolate.
We were each given a piece of chocolate.
Our wives are Canadians.
I can't say any more about that now.
I couldn't stop that from happening.
It was really serious.
Mary thanked Tom for the present.
I had to remain on the spot.
I enjoy surfing the internet.
You're too strong.
Tom took a leak behind the barn.
"I must go pee," Tom said and then left.
I understood immediately what Tom meant.
I didn't believe it really happened.
I didn't believe that it really happened.
And that man was Albert Einstein.
I want Tom to help me solve the problem.
I don't really like this restaurant.
I don't think anyone was frustrated.
I don't think that anyone was frustrated.
I don't think that anybody was frustrated.
I don't think anybody was frustrated.
I want Tom to show me how to make pizza.
I had entirely forgotten about that.
I want Tom to stay in Australia with me.
I hope everything is going to be OK.
I hope that everything is going to be OK.
I want to believe what Tom said is true.
I hope that it'll be a good day tomorrow.
I want to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
I want to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
I hope that you'll come to my party.
I want to make sure Tom knows what to do.
I want to make sure that Tom knows what to do.
I met your French teacher yesterday.
I wanted Tom to drive me to the airport.
I thought that everybody did really well.
I thought that everyone did really well.
I hope it'll be a good day tomorrow.
He looked exhausted.
"John, is that you?" "Noooo, it's Santa Claus!"
I won't celebrate anything.
There is nothing to celebrate.
What he is doing is illegal.
Does the milk still taste good?
You won't get anything unless you work.
What Tom is doing isn't legal.
Why is it wet?
Why are they wet?
He was sexually harassed by an old man on the bus.
He was sexually harassed.
How much do you want for that?
Many people were killed in World War II.
The buckets are in the room.
Nobody knows it yet.
He needs some advice.
Tom was facing the death penalty.
Tom feels hostile towards his neighbours.
I'm not eligible to vote.
Tom says he's not eligible to vote.
The TV show has made the game way more popular.
He has been Muslim since 2004.
Prior to Islam, he was a Christian.
He grew up as a Muslim.
There wasn't any pressure whatsoever on him to convert to Islam.
His grandmother was religious.
He got some information about Islam from a coworker.
He got some information about Islam.
His mom was religious.
What type of person he would become after he becomes a Muslim?
As a Muslim, I always try to be a good representative of Islam.
As a Muslim, I always try to be good to my parents.
She confessed to having an affair with her father-in-law.
Nobody came in time.
Nobody has come in time.
Tom is beginning to forget his native language.
They were disfiguring their enemies.
Ask and you shall receive; your joy will be perfect.
Students love to sing in class.
Bertrand Russel wrote that until the age of twelve he had never met anyone, apart from the gardener, who had not written a book.
A question mark is a punctuation mark.
Even the punctuation is correct.
A colon is a punctuation mark.
The dash is my favorite punctuation mark.
A comma is a punctuation mark.
A semicolon is a punctuation mark.
An exclamation mark is a punctuation mark.
A hyphen is needed here.
Tom is preparing for doomsday.
Tom got fat and became lazy.
Thomas programmed the recording of his favorite TV show on his VCR.
I will have another beer.
Tom is a notorious deadbeat.
Which is correct: solid, open, or hyphenated?
This word is spelled with a hyphen.
All these words are spelled with a hyphen.
Tom is showing signs of dementia.
This wailing needs to stop immediately.
He died during the battle.
You lost the battle.
A soft click was heard.
Swallows build their nests out of clay.
Swallows build their nests from clay.
An icebreaker is breaking a path through the ice.
Sunlight is penetrating the curtains.
Rays of sunlight are passing through the leaves.
Tom passed himself off as a waiter, collecting money.
Nobody will do it on your behalf.
Tom is trying to get out of debt.
I think that I'm pretty generous.
I wanted Tom to drive, so I could sleep.
I wanted Tom to give me time to do that.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the house.
I wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I wasn't able to see what Tom was doing.
I want you to know I won't be there.
I want you to know that I won't be there.
That wasn't the first time Tom did that.
I wanted everyone to leave me alone.
That wasn't the first time that Tom did that.
I wanted everybody to leave me alone.
Tom described the man who'd beat him up.
Tom described the men who'd beat him up.
I'd never consider doing that again.
Tom didn't care what the man's name was.
Tom is the son of a very famous painter.
Tom is the son of two famous painters.
I've decided not to call the police.
Tom wanted to hear all the gory details.
I've decided not to do this anymore.
Tom wants to feel he's still in control.
Tom wants to feel that he's still in control.
What color shoes do you want to buy?
Tom wasn't able to go back to his house.
What kind of car do you want to buy?
What songs are you planning to sing?
What song are you planning to sing?
I can't wait to see how Tom handles that.
When was it that you were in Boston?
When was it you went to Boston?
When was it you were in Boston?
I want Tom to wait for me at the library.
Why were you in Australia last year?
I wanted Tom to bring me a cup of coffee.
Would you do that if I asked you to?
I wanted Tom to buy some firewood for me.
I wanted Tom to buy me some firewood.
Can't you understand it's impossible?
I wanted Tom to cook me something to eat.
How did you like living in Australia?
I wanted Tom to tell me his phone number.
How expensive would it be to do that?
I wanted to ask Tom what he'd been doing.
How long would it take to walk there?
I've been wondering what happened to Tom.
How many more hours will you be here?
Tom and I don't often talk to each other.
How much milk do you drink every day?
Tom didn't even bother to try to be nice.
How much weight have you lost so far?
Tom knew he couldn't make everyone happy.
Tom knew he couldn't make everybody happy.
Tom knew that he couldn't make everybody happy.
I can't comment on that at this time.
Tom listened to the evidence against him.
I can't, in good conscience, do that.
Tom spends all his free time watching TV.
I definitely want to keep doing this.
Tom spends most of his time on the porch.
I don't even know if that's possible.
Tom's parents didn't approve of his plan.
I don't really like bothering people.
We did a background check on Tom Jackson.
I can't believe Tom expects me to do that.
I can't believe that Tom expects me to do that.
I don't believe Tom expects me to do that.
I don't believe that Tom expects me to do that.
I haven't discussed this with anyone.
I haven't discussed this with anybody.
I couldn't understand what Tom was saying.
I hope you'll come visit us sometime.
I hope that you'll come visit us sometime.
I really enjoyed doing this with you.
I want Tom to play something on the piano.
I think that's physically impossible.
I think that that's physically impossible.
I want Tom to tell me about his childhood.
I thought both pitchers pitched well.
I thought that both pitchers pitched well.
I wanted Tom to help me solve the problem.
I thought everyone already knew this.
I thought that everyone already knew this.
I thought that everybody already knew this.
I thought everybody already knew this.
I wanted Tom to show me how to make pizza.
I wanted everyone to have a great time.
I wanted everybody to have a great time.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia with me.
I want to know what I can do to help.
I wanted to stay home with my family.
How much money do you think Tom has stolen?
How much money do you think that Tom has stolen?
I was feeling isolated and depressed.
I found it just where Tom said it would be.
I was very comfortable taking charge.
I want Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I wonder who'd be willing to do that.
I want Tom to help me clean out the garage.
I wonder who'd be willing to help us.
I want Tom to understand why he can't stay.
I wouldn't disagree with that either.
I wanted Tom to wait for me at the library.
I'd be afraid something might happen.
I was the only person Tom asked to do this.
I was the only person that Tom asked to do this.
I'd rather be at home with my family.
I'm definitely looking forward to it.
Tom didn't leave any milk for his brothers.
I'm getting to know the neighborhood.
I'm just getting to know the neighborhood.
Tom doesn't look like he's having much fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's having very much fun.
Tom is the son of a very well-known lawyer.
I'm learning something new every day.
Tom kept telling everyone that wasn't true.
I'm looking forward to next semester.
Tom promised us he'd be back in three days.
Tom promised us that he'd be back in three days.
I'm really enjoying myself right now.
Tom wasn't able to do anything at the time.
I'm really looking forward to your show.
I'm really looking forward to seeing your show.
I'm really looking forward to watching your show.
Tom wondered if he could do the same thing.
I wanted Tom to stay a little bit longer.
I won't be able to work today.
I won't likely be able to catch the train.
The story told through the movie was great.
All social skills could be used for evil purposes.
If you make a mistake, don't be afraid to admit it.
Sociopaths would never admit their mistakes.
I hate arrogant people.
Everyone hates arrogant people.
You need to be confident.
Don't overanalyze everything you do.
I highly recommend watching this movie.
God is always watching your every action and thought.
He learned how to stand up for himself.
He showed up late for no reason.
Don't allow this to happen.
Don't be the passive person who always admits defeat.
Stand up for your rights.
Stand up for your beliefs.
I don't need your validation.
I don't need his validation.
I don't need the validation of an arrogant person.
I don't need the validation of an arrogant self-centered person.
He was hiding his flaws and mistakes.
He would do anything to avoid conflict.
He was fired on the spot.
I'm not afraid of arrogant people.
Don't try to fix a self-centered person.
Tom scaled the fish and Mary cooked it.
You need to embrace your role as a man.
How to truly be a man?
He's never afraid of conflict.
I'm never afraid of conflict.
He's expecting validation from the boss.
Life isn't perfect.
Life will never be smooth.
We admire him for his knowledge.
She's attractive in almost every way possible.
Face your fears.
All humans are social creatures.
He's dictating everyone's actions.
He can increase his wealth.
He never had a strict Muslim upbringing.
He had a certain Muslim upbringing but it wasn't too strict.
Please don't put words in my mouth.
He's not a Muslim.
He feared for his life for the first time in his life.
It was the first time in his entire life that he acknowledged God.
The Quran is the best self-help book you would ever find.
She bought a copy of the Quran and read it.
He bought a copy of the Quran and read it from cover to cover.
He grew up in a non-Muslim family.
They never went to the mosque.
He was a Muslim that prayed a lot.
I truly understood who Muhammad, peace be upon him, was.
He repented and converted to Islam.
He started to read the Quran and go to the mosque.
He started to learn about Islam.
He discovered Islam.
He got closer to God.
He just prayed a lot.
He prayed a lot.
This is what God says.
This is what the Lord says.
I'm an Algerian Muslim citizen.
I'm going to spend the New Year's holiday this year relaxing at home.
We need to defend our Islamic values.
We need to assert our Islamic values.
It's not my vision of life.
Respect who I am.
Please respect who I am.
We need to address the topic of homosexuality.
Why should we impose our beliefs on somebody else?
He knew how to repair computers.
You can't walked naked on the street.
I happened to live in Algeria for some time.
Algeria is radically different from Germany.
Muslims should have a say in that.
Muslims have rights here?
This is not new for Muslims.
He's a famous Muslim scholar.
Muslims should not abuse homosexuals even though they're doing something that's not morally acceptable in Islam.
Spread the message of Islam with wisdom.
This is one of the beautiful things I love about Islam.
Cooking over a campfire is one of the things I like about camping.
He wants to please his Lord.
Don't interrupt me when I am speaking.
Hate the sin but not the sinner.
Muslims should hate the sin but not the sinner.
We recite the Quran on a daily basis.
He lived a life of sin.
Tom travelled Europe.
This is not my child.
I liked it too.
This is the essence of Islam.
Homosexuality is forbidden in Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.
Homosexuality is a sin in Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.
He knew Muslims would be offended by that cartoon.
He knew Muslims would be offended by those comments.
Muslims found that cartoon offensive.
He has zero credibility in the Muslim community.
Don't speak on behalf of all Muslims.
They're insulting Muslims.
Don't speak for Muslims.
Please don't speak for Muslims.
Islam is a major religion in our country.
Muslims believe in one god.
He's explaining Islam to gay people.
He's explaining Islam to homosexual people.
God created everything.
Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, was a human being.
Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, was human.
We are here to talk about Islam.
Please don't be crude. We're in a mosque.
Please don't be rude. We're in a mosque.
Please don't be rude. We're talking to an imam.
He had a stomach ache.
Tom can do nothing about that.
What's your opinion about Islam?
They link Islam with terrorism.
An old man sat down next to me on the bus.
"What's the difference between Islam and Christianity?" "Why are you asking this question?"
Mary won't like this game.
What does this have to do with Islam?
What's the difference between Islam and Hinduism?
Islam has an image problem.
I think that Islam has an image problem.
Islam is grossly misrepresented.
Islam is grossly misrepresented in the West.
I'm sure that Tom won't be the first one to do that.
As a Muslim, I have my own opinions.
This needs to be an intellectual discussion, so let's keep it at a respectable level.
According to Islamic principles, homosexuality is wrong morally speaking.
"Are they Muslim?" "Yes." "All of them?" "Yes."
According to Islamic principles, homosexuality is an immoral thing.
Many current movies are trash.
Who's filming this?
Please ask them to stop filming.
I miss that mosque.
I'm surrounded by Muslims.
Most of them accepted Islam.
Most of them embraced Islam.
You can have your opinion about Islam. It's fine.
Do you believe in God, by the way?
Most of them converted to Islam.
We know that God exists.
I'm very confident that's achievable.
I'm very confident that that's achievable.
I don't think that Tom actually understands.
I'm worried about my family's safety.
I want Tom to go away and leave me in peace.
I've bought a new pair of sunglasses.
I want Tom to help me clean the living room.
I've decided not to help you anymore.
I want Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I've decided not to watch that movie.
I want Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
This route is impassable. I checked it!
The road up ahead is impassable.
I need to buy myself a new notebook.
The roads are impassable because of the heavy snow.
Blinds, curtains, and drapes are collectively referred to as window treatments.
"You can't do this." "Really? Watch me."
What's your purpose in life?
As a Muslim, I find this ridiculous.
Islam is the way.
We need to follow Islamic rules.
Just a little more effort.
That's a racist insult.
They say that Muslims are homophobic.
They say that Muslims hate homosexuals.
He lives in a homophobic society.
He seems to know everything.
It's between you and God.
Let's talk about racism.
Let's talk about homophobia.
Let's talk about Islamophobia.
Everyone sins, including Muslims.
This is not Islam.
What did the imam say about that?
They're very homophobic in that part of the US.
He associates homophobia with Islam.
Islam came to be a solution for our problems.
Islam came to be a solution.
He's struggling with his homosexuality.
Tom jumped bail and fled to Ingushetia.
My jaw hit the floor and I could'nt find words to express myself.
Happy New Year to Algeria.
Happy New Year to all of Algeria.
This is one of the things I find beautiful about Islam.
If Twitter joined the Fediverse, it would almost instantly be blocked by most of the rest of the Fediverse on account of its tolerance for bigotry and Nazism.
This is one of the beautiful things that make me love Islam.
Important guests will come tomorrow.
Tom ran to save his life.
Has she got stomachache?
Does she have stomachache?
Tom asked me to come. I replied that I couldn't, saying that I was sorry, but I was very busy.
He refused again, saying that he hadn't seen anything and didn't know anything.
It is a colonial divide-and-conquer strategy to pit religious people against one another.
Divide-and-conquer strategies involve pitting groups against one another.
Like pitting the Jews against the Muslims, pitting LGBTQ people against religious minorities is a means of social control.
Life's good.
He seems to have stopped thinking about escaping.
She should be there now.
Tom said that his feet were cold.
Religion is a personal matter between the soul and God.
A belief is purely an individual matter, and you cannot and must not organize it. If you do, it becomes dead, crystallyzed; it becomes a creed, a sect, a religion, to be imposed on others.
A person's religion is a purely personal affair.
A person's religion is a private and most personal matter.
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
He was staring at me the whole time.
He was staring at me the entire time.
He was staring at me the whole entire time.
The doors were open.
The train doors were open.
He didn't see him.
He didn't see her.
He saw her standing on the platform.
The doors were closing.
He had a big stupid smile on his face.
He was only fourteen.
He was only fourteen years old.
Did you enjoy the memorial service? Oops, that came out wrong. I meant to ask whether you found it meaningful.
That's a problem!
We, vulgar Internet users, are just raw materials, from which Google and Facebook extract our digital lives to make the predictive products sold to enterprises that want to exploit us.
She spent her life searching for truth.
Is your father still alive?
Appeasement must always trump confrontation.
It's always open.
People no longer have privacy.
Love conquers all things.
Tom wasn't obligated to lie.
It's cold; put a sweater on.
It's cold; put on a sweater.
Tom used to talk to Mary all the time.
In the privacy of her bedroom she writes in her diary.
I have studied English for years.
I mean, you blew them away.
I read, understood and accepted the privacy statement.
Don't tell me again.
This is full of errors because yesterday I was half-asleep when I typed it.
The exam was really brutal.
My mother helps my father with the business.
They weren't home?
I sold him my bike for hardly any money.
Ham is cured pig meat.
The wheel couldn't be fixed.
I have a clothing company.
That store is a bit expensive.
I'm going to hang the clothes.
Tom's car went out to the highway.
Are you aware of it?
Well, I want a chocolate cake.
What could you know that I don’t?
Lower your voice, Tom. You never know who could be listening.
Tom was so drunk he had to walk with a hand on Mary’s shoulder to keep from falling.
Tom did not know whether he should laugh or cry.
What I want is none of your concern.
She´s beautiful
A snowflake landed on Mary’s nose.
I´m learning english
Sit, and have a look at this.
Mary helped Tom back to his feet.
There’s another apple near your foot.
It Ain't Me
I don't wanna know
I'll take with me
You know it, I know it
He said: You look crazy
Can I kick it?
Keep it real with me
I don’t know what to do without you
I just want you to stay.
I can feel you fade away
How would you describe yourself in three words?
Why are you studying English?
They have lived in the same house for years.
I'm happy that I just powered through and finished this task.
you don´t have a car.
I might know something.
I knew Victoria in 2011.
I have a big breakfast in the morning.
The doctor is a monkey!
I could go with you, but I don't have money.
Brian, do you know how to speak English?
Mary says these things just to hurt me.
They were in Egypt last year.
I've never been addicted to anything.
I want Tom to write a recommendation for me.
I've studied French for a few months.
We only have half a tank of gas left.
I wanted Tom to tell me about his childhood.
What color is the roof of your house?
It didn't take very long for Tom to do that.
What exactly are you planning to buy?
Tom doesn't believe that it really happened.
"I don't understand you." "I don't understand you, either."
Mr. Jackson is a very bad teacher.
Run from arrogance, do not allow it to seep into your mind or into your speech.
But Tobias hid himself with his wife and son, and thus escaped the wrath of the King.
Tom said that he'd be very surprised if Mary didn't win the tournament.
If you have great resources available, grant much; if small, grant little, but willingly; because kindness liberates man from the eternal death.
Tom kept telling everyone that that wasn't true.
Tom kept telling everybody that that wasn't true.
In the day of a certain festival, when he would have prepared a hearty feast at home, he would send his son to invite a few of his friends to the meal.
The covering of my house is new.
While Tobias was going out, he found a young man standing there, prepared for the journey ahead.
How I would receive that money from Gabelus, however, I do not know; for neither he knew me nor I knew him, nor I know which road leads to Media.
Poor people lack many things, greedy lack everything.
Be careful so you would not be seen.
Bandits ran away from the city.
The door was closing.
The will is seen as a thing done.
The first to make a hole will fall into it.
Not wise, believe me, to say "I will live": the life of tomorrow is always too late: Live for today.
Do you see me as furious?
Where are we in the city?
The attackers ordered the vendor to give them the money.
Having suffered damage, close the doors.
How did the thieves enter the house?
What exactly are you planning to say?
What exactly are you planning on saying?
Tom felt he was destined for greater things.
Where do you want me to drop you off?
Tom got out of his car and opened the trunk.
Tom got out of his car and opened the boot.
Why is it important to study French?
Tom kept telling everybody that wasn't true.
Did any of the shoes you tried on fit?
Did any of the shoes that you tried on fit?
Tom likes to show everyone how strong he is.
Tom likes to show everybody how strong he is.
Getting this done on time wasn't easy.
Getting this done on time was hard.
Getting this done on time was difficult.
Tom packed his suitcases and went to Boston.
Have you ever formally studied French?
I will understand you.
I would understand you.
Hail, teacher, whom I must heed.
I forgot to address him.
First kindness begins from my own self.
You didn't say anything to him, did you?
Where are we on this map?
Tom kept telling everybody that it wasn't true.
Tom kept telling everybody it wasn't true.
What city are we in?
I see a cup made of shining ivory.
Tom rented an apartment near the university.
How did you teach your dog to do that?
How many boxes of crackers did you buy?
They have grown so much!
They have worked together for the last three years.
Water pollution is a crime against humanity.
I opened the door and entered.
I lived in Brazil for three years.
Tom and Mary have been working together for the last three years.
With gold talking, every discussion is worthless.
Tom and Mary worked together for three years.
Tom and Mary worked together in Boston for three years.
Tom and Mary worked in the same company for three years.
He's attracted to mystery.
Why is he scared?
Well, I will probably stay at home.
Marie is afraid of childbirth.
Who is the man?
Ask your mother.
And having left then, Jesus departed to his Homeland. And his students were following him.
This man owns horses.
The girl is alone.
Tom is losing his time.
I don't like postponing things.
Your new girlfriend is an excellent catch in the large ocean of girls.
To change your life, you must first change your beliefs about yourself.
How much success are you able to achieve in life?
His success isn't a result of arrogance.
Nice guys finish last and jerks finish first.
He figured it out all on his own.
Every girl on the planet is different.
All girls are literally programmed to want a man with a strong personality.
All girls are naturally programmed to want a man with mental strength.
Every girl on the planet is naturally programmed to want a man who has strong self-confidence.
The table is set.
The table has been set.
You need to read at least one book per month.
Xavier speaks English very poorly.
My sister often takes the bus from Nijmegen to Kleve.
The play pleased the audience very much.
Have you rested?
A stranger stands in front of the room.
His blood is red.
Her blood is red.
Stick it on later.
She can swim better than Marie.
This is a beautiful family.
Tom will soon do it.
Where are you going, daddy?
You are leaving your children.
The soup is tasteless.
How could I have done that?
I was asked.
Her father didn't let her to go to the cinema alone.
The dog drank a little water and then left.
I still have free time.
The dog must be taken for a walk.
Cats are very important.
Cats are very important, according to cats.
Esther likes happy hardcore.
Tom switched back from veganism to vegetarianism because he missed eggs and dairy products.
Tom refuses to kill animals for whatever purpose.
I stopped making mushroom soups because Tom is afraid of mushroom poisoning.
Tom found abandoned fox cubs in the forest.
I don't mind Mary but I cannot stand Tom.
Tom doesn't believe in global warming.
Tom claims to be a soldier in his past life.
Tom used to be a very good chess player.
Tom is under medical supervision now.
Tom is attracted to schoolgirls.
Tom's dog bit to death a few chickens.
So she has to learn everything and only rarely can we meet.
Alcohol makes his face swell up.
Henriko likes to see the river.
The material is arranged such that even beginners can understand the texts, expanding their vocabulary little by little.
Every time she finishes her work, she yells out in joy.
Crying, she explained how she uncovered the truth.
Tom doesn't know when he is well off.
Someone said not long ago: "I earn 100,for acting and million for the loss of my privacy."
He used to live in Tel Aviv.
Being "master" he felt the weight of honour and the chain of slavery. He preferred lots of privacy.
Sami hated water.
We, kafir dogs, cannot comprehend the glory of Allah.
Thanks to her tireless efforts, we reached our goal.
Tendinopathy is a common overuse injury among athletes.
The gluteal region is often the preferred site for intramuscular injections because the muscles in this region are dense.
I'm grateful to my family.
The external obliques are a pair of muscles that lie on the lateral sides of the abominal region of the body.
The internal oblique muscle is located beneath the external oblique muscle in the abdominal region of the body.
Bursitis is a painful inflammation of a bursa. A bursa is a small sac of fluid that cushions the bones, tendons, and muscles that are located near your joints.
A group of foxes is called a skulk.
Australia is being ravaged by the worst wildfires seen in decades.
The sales assistant helped me to select an excellent moisturizer for my face.
Intercostals are muscles that are found between the ribs and help form and move the chest wall.
The past perfect is a verb tense used to talk about something that started and finished in the past before another action (that also occured in the past) started.
His private life doesn't interest me.
In English, the words a or an are indefinite articles that are used to refer to a person or thing that is non-specific, such as something generic or something mentioned for the first time.
The latissimus dorsi is a large muscle in your back.
The rhomboid muscle is located in the upper back, and helps to connect the shoulder blades to the rib cage.
She reveals nothing of her private life.
The lateral malleolus is the bone on the outside of the ankle joint.
The case history of a patient is information gathered by a clinician by asking specific questions of the patient to formulate a diagnosis and provide medical care.
A group of adult owls is called a parliament.
Don't ask me about my private life.
What are you doing to prevent this?
What are you doing to avoid this?
The world rang in a new year and decade Wednesday with fireworks, music and all-night parties.
Several million people gathered in Rio de Janeiro for a massive celebration featuring fireworks and music on Brazil’s famous Copacabana beach.
In Paris, fireworks lit up the Champs-Elysees area as France took its turn welcoming the new year.
In Japan, celebrants took turns in striking Buddhist temple bells, an ancient tradition.
Fireworks brightened the skies elsewhere in Asia and the Pacific, including Sydney Harbor in Australia.
Fireworks were canceled in other parts of the country because of the extremely dry conditions that led to devastating wildfires.
This New Year's Eve, an estimated million people will pack the streets of New York City's Times Square to watch the famous ball drop.
Asking a non-native French speaker to translate a document into French is like asking an accountant to build you a house.
It's a tradition that dates back to 1907.
Visitors from around the world gathered to count down the final seconds to the New Year.
The ball is covered with 2,Waterford crystal triangles which are illuminated from within by more than 2,LED lights.
The ball is controlled by a computer.
The guidance system of this ship is controlled by a computer.
This robot is controlled by a computer.
This machine is controlled by a computer.
This car is controlled by a computer.
The lights on stage are controlled by a computer.
I think that my French would be much better today if my teacher had been a native speaker.
I think my French would be much better today if my teacher had been a native speaker.
I remember that day well.
I don't remember everything we did that day, but I do remember that we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything that we did that day, but I do remember that we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything that we did that day, but I do remember we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything we did that day, but I do remember we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
You always seem to be here.
You always seem to be in your office.
You never seem to be in your office.
You'll stay with me, won't you?
Tom says that he doesn't feel safe anymore.
Tom says he doesn't feel safe anymore.
How many flowers are you going to buy?
Tom spends most of his time studying French.
How many kilograms of rice did you buy?
Tom told me about everything that he'd seen.
How many miles did you walk yesterday?
Tom was the one who dealt with that problem.
Tom wasn't the one who dealt with that problem.
How many years did you live in Boston?
Tom won't leave until he gets what he wants.
How many years have you been a barber?
When do you have to give this book back to Tom?
How much time will it take to do this?
I acknowledge that mistakes were made.
I acknowledge mistakes were made.
I can't ask Tom to pay for something I broke.
I can't ask Tom to pay for something that I broke.
I cook Thanksgiving dinner every year.
I want Tom to meet me in front of the school.
I couldn't believe that was happening.
I couldn't believe that that was happening.
I want Tom to stay at home with the children.
I couldn't imagine dating anyone else.
I couldn't imagine dating anybody else.
Tom claimed he was good at French, so I hired him to teach my children French, a mistake that I now regret.
Tom claimed that he was good at French, so I hired him to teach my children French, a mistake that I now regret.
Hiring a non-native French speaker to write the report in French is like hiring a carpenter to fix your plumbing.
Hiring a non-native French speaker to write your manual in French would be like hiring a carpenter to fix your plumbing.
Some of the mistakes that Tom makes in French are because the textbooks he studied from had mistakes.
Some of the mistakes Tom makes in French are because the textbooks he studied from had mistakes.
It's sort of like eating wild mushrooms collected by a stranger who claims he knows which mushrooms are poisonous and which are not.
My French would likely be much better today if I'd studied with a native speaker.
(I) heard him opening the door and entering.
Milk makes kids grow.
I have tried to speak different dialects to people who are not from Norway, and they are not able to hear the differences
Tom told Marz that he wanted to visit Australia.
I'm embarrassed of being Chinese.
O you who takes care of the little birds, bless our food, O God.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to visit Australia.
I don't know if I am going to go to Caen or to Troyes.
He positioned the barrel of his revolver on my temple.
The church was a safe haven for the destitute paupers.
Doctors still do not fully understand sudden infant death syndrome, which I find terrifying as a prospective parent.
Under her leadership, the company was brought to new heights and experienced a massive wave of popularity.
Rodents scurry on the floor in fear.
She sailed through the practice test; I have no doubt she will pass when the pressure is on.
Please shut the door behind you when you leave.
I consider myself a good wife.
I no longer wish to be your wife.
I don't want to be your wife anymore.
I don't want to be your husband anymore.
My name is Mary and this is my husband, Tom.
I've been working as a waitress for a long time.
When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a teacher when I grew up.
I think that everyone here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think that everybody here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think that everybody here knows Tom can't do that.
I think that everyone here knows Tom can't do that.
My mother was the best math student in her high school.
My mother has worked for most of her life.
My mother helped build the playground outside the school I attended.
My mother has worked most of her life.
My mother loves football.
My grandmother loved football and baseball.
Tom isn't interested in me that way.
Tom is the kind of guy that I'd like to marry.
Tom is the kind of guy that I'd like to be married to.
My cousin has a black belt in Taekwondo.
I want Tom to understand why he has to leave.
I don't know what happened afterwards.
I want to believe that what Tom said is true.
I don't think that's been decided yet.
I don't think that that's been decided yet.
Is there life on Venus?
I found your article very interesting.
I found your article interesting.
I wanted Tom to give me more time to do that.
I find the whole situation disgusting.
I found the whole situation disgusting.
I wanted Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I felt very comfortable taking charge.
I don't think there's any correlation.
I don't think that there's any correlation.
I want kids, but my husband doesn't.
I want children, but my husband doesn't.
I don't want children, but my husband does.
I don't want kids, but my husband does.
I have no chance to win.
They are my only hope.
What is Tom saying isn't true.
You can always use my dictionary.
He had gone abroad to study.
Rāma slew Rāvaṇa.
Laxmibai was the queen of Jhansi.
You aren't the first one to say that to me.
We went for a walk to the forest.
He's an eloquent wordsmith.
Tom is very good at assigning tasks.
You were accepted to the school.
He was so scared that he shit his pants.
I remember everything you told me.
I have motion sickness.
Maria tried to turn Tom into a squirrel with the help of a spell which she found in one of her grandmother's books, but nothing happened.
To be honest, I'm not surprised. Tom always does it that way.
I have ten sons.
Let me go, you're gonna break my arm.
We conversed in utter darkness.
I've got the collywobbles.
We received a claim.
Hello, my name is Mike.
Do you have better ideas?
They turned off the computer.
The woman is strong.
Tom doesn't like hares.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
We won't start without your permission.
I don't know if I am prepared for that.
Is there a lift?
"Guess what?" "Chicken butt!"
His eyes light up when one speaks about him.
Tom was sending Mary his nude selfies.
The snow is very deep.
I was born in this town sixty years ago.
The ring has a great value.
This might have catastrophic consequences.
Ali's grandfather was a Frenchman.
He's a volunteer.
He's a subject.
I'm so tired that I'm going to leave.
A yard without women is like a garden without flowers.
Are you sure this is a coincidence?
I know the address.
These pieces weren't written by me.
You're a two-faced hypocrite.
What to do if you're attacked by an alligator?
Tom was a non-transportable patient.
Are you going to work or not?
I haven't understood his explanations.
Try to get rid of them.
Tom doesn't know whether it's truth or not.
Do you know his password?
There are no answers to these questions.
Do you want to taste this meal?
We are slaves to our habits.
Rust-colored water is coming out of the tap.
What is it — a crime?
The girl left.
I've no idea what's going on.
There's a "Do not turn over" sign on the box.
Poor child!
They're sharp.
I pity you and Tom.
I saw you and Tom.
I hate you and Tom.
I know you and Tom.
Ignore Tom and me.
I blame you and Tom.
Look at Tom and me.
I see you and Tom.
Trust Tom and me.
I need you and Tom.
Forget Tom and me.
I like you and Tom.
Help Tom and me.
I envy you and Tom.
Forgive Tom and me.
I hated you and Tom.
Follow Tom and me.
I trust you and Tom.
Is there anything else that you'd like to share with the group?
Is there anything else you'd like to share with the group?
Due to the lack of manpower, we need more time to finish this job.
Go and find Tom and Mary.
Go and tell Tom and Mary.
I warned you and Tom.
I helped you and Tom.
I admire you and Tom.
This is from Tom and me.
I only told you and Tom.
Don't bother Tom and me.
I've missed you and Tom.
Do you blame Tom and me?
I'll stop you and Tom.
Can you help Tom and me?
This gift is from Tom and me.
It's sort of like eating wild mushrooms collected by a stranger who claims that he knows which mushrooms are poisonous and which are not.
George Custer was killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876, along with over of his men.
My wife will stay home with the kids.
Beth Jensen suffered a stroke when she was just eight years old, and though she survived, she was almost completely paralyzed and unable to talk as a result.
Jensen has refused to let her condition stop her from living a life filled with activities, art and love.
Tom didn't let his broken leg keep him from going to the dance.
My wife will stay home with the children.
Tom said that he won't ever quit doing that.
I'll notify you and Tom.
Don't forget Tom and me.
I'll follow you and Tom.
You lied to Tom and me.
I betrayed you and Tom.
Please help Tom and me.
I paid for you and Tom.
Can you see Tom and me?
I'm mad at you and Tom.
Do you love Tom and me?
I can hear you and Tom.
Just follow Tom and me.
I can help you and Tom.
Don't blame Tom and me.
I believed you and Tom.
No one saw Tom and me.
I rely on you and Tom.
Be nice to Tom and me.
I trusted you and Tom.
Give it to Tom and me.
We have known each other for many years.
Tom and I have known each other for ten years.
"How long have we known each other?" "Ten years."
Tom and I've known each other for three years.
I first met Tom three years ago.
Tom and I've known each other three years.
When and where did you first meet Tom?
My name is Tom and this is my wife, Mary.
I've been working as a waiter for a long time.
When I was a little boy, I wanted to be a teacher when I grew up.
Mary isn't interested in me that way.
Mary is the kind of woman that I'd like to marry.
Mary is the kind of woman I'd like to marry.
Mary is the kind of woman that I'd like to be married to.
Mary is the kind of woman I'd like to be married to.
I can see you and Tom.
Do you miss Tom and me?
I lied to you and Tom.
You scared Tom and me.
You'll miss Tom and me.
I'll save you and Tom.
Nobody saw Tom and me.
I'll miss you and Tom.
That's for Tom and me.
I'll help you and Tom.
Be kind to Tom and me.
I respect you and Tom.
Show it to Tom and me.
I despise you and Tom.
No one noticed Tom's absence.
Women like Tom and me.
I admired you and Tom.
Women hate Tom and me.
I pitied you and Tom.
Do it for Tom and me.
I blamed you and Tom.
Wait for Tom and me.
I needed you and Tom.
Just ask Tom and me.
I misled you and Tom.
Why blame Tom and me?
Stay with Tom and me.
I fooled you and Tom.
Listen to Tom and me.
I missed you and Tom.
Vote for Tom and me.
I wanted Tom to help me clean out the garage.
I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
I guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
I had trouble getting through customs.
Tom admitted that what he had done was wrong.
Tom admitted what he had done was wrong.
Tom doesn't have many friends here in Boston.
I just don't understand what happened.
Tom got in trouble for not telling the truth.
I just figured you weren't interested.
I just figured that you weren't interested.
Tom is spending more and more time in Boston.
Nobody noticed Tom's absence.
Nobody noticed that Tom wasn't there.
Nobody noticed that you weren't there.
No one noticed that you weren't there.
Nobody noticed your absence.
No one noticed your absence.
Tom sensed something bad was going to happen.
Tom sensed that something bad was going to happen.
I think that's a positive development.
I think that that's a positive development.
Tom knelt.
I personally find that very offensive.
Tom knocked on the door, but no one answered.
I really don't think you'd understand.
I really don't think that you'd understand.
I suppose that's what usually happens.
I suppose that that's what usually happens.
Tom was only thirteen when he came to Boston.
Tom was only thirteen years old when he came to Boston.
Tom was three years old when his father died.
Tom was three when his father died.
Tom was three years old when his mother died.
Tom was three when his mother died.
I understood that something was wrong.
I understood something was wrong.
I don't think Tom could see what was going on.
I don't think that Tom could see what was going on.
I want everybody to have a great time.
I want everyone to have a great time.
I want Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I'll do everything that I can to help.
I want your report on my desk by 2:30.
I want Tom to go to Boston to visit his uncle.
I wasn't surprised by their responses.
I want Tom to introduce me to all his friends.
I wasn't thinking about anything else.
I wanted Tom to go away and leave me in peace.
I wonder who'd do something like this.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the living room.
I wanted Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I'll start looking into that tomorrow.
I wanted Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I'm embarrassed about the whole thing.
I wanted Tom to write a recommendation for me.
I wanted Tom to write me a recommendation.
I'm looking forward to this afternoon.
If there's anyone here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
If there's anybody here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
Hiring a non-native French speaker to translate the document into French is like hiring a carpenter to fix your leaky faucet.
Tom plucked Mary's flower.
I can't fix all of these problems, but I can fix some of them.
Tom said his feet were cold.
What Tom is saying isn't true.
Tom didn't know whether he should laugh or cry.
Tom didn't know if he should laugh or cry.
You don't seem to trust me.
I didn't know that you and Tom knew each other.
I didn't know you and Tom knew each other.
I didn't know that you two knew each other.
The people we met in Boston were really friendly.
The people that we met in Boston were really friendly.
Everybody was friendly.
I'm not sure I want to know what's going on.
I'm not sure that I want to know what's going on.
I'm not sure that I want to know.
This lemon isn't ripe.
What do you know that I don't?
I'll go shopping with you.
I haven't had a boyfriend in a long time.
I see you've got yourself a new boyfriend.
I see that you've got yourself a new boyfriend.
I met one of your old boyfriends yesterday.
What's going on, Bill?
She has found a way to solve this.
I think we should give it a try.
Being a native doesn't mean that you won't commit mistakes.
Have you heard the latest news?
I would like to become a journalist.
This is beyond my authority!
I am not a fighter.
I'd like to become a journalist.
At last Tom started learning Esperanto.
I don't know whether you have already heard that.
It is dangerous to live close to a volcano.
When will they start playing?
He still acts as a child.
There is no need to speak so loudly.
Tom made a rod for his back.
Tom has been on hunger strike for a week.
President unexpectedly submitted his resgination letter.
Konkani language development progressed in Goa.
Climate terrorism seems to be reality.
There is a claim that climaterorism is the main cause of global warming.
A weather modification (also known as weather control) is the act of intentionally manipulating or altering the weather.
Mary pretended not to notice.
I fear there has been some misunderstanding.
A gloomy look passed across Mary's face.
Tom’s eyes were filled with tears.
Tom swiped the tears away with the back of his hand.
Today I am doing better than yesterday.
My life could have been different.
I know that he doesn't like them.
I had to sell my car.
I will write to you the day after tomorrow.
No, I am waiting for my wife.
I promise that I will do it.
You can invite whoever you want.
You can invite whomever you want.
Thanks for the research.
Drink more beer.
What kind of mushroom is it?
The hunter killed a fox.
Not all books are good.
I went to the bathroom.
It is getting dark.
His rags are always out of style.
If you run through a crowd with the torch of truth you will singe a few beards.
Will Soleimani killing spark war?
I need at least seven hours of sleep a night.
I need at least seven hours of sleep each night.
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation.
I love all of Tom's books.
I like all of Tom's books.
I like all of Mary's books.
Tom is a prolific writer.
Mary is a writer.
Tom ignored the warnings.
What really interests me a lot is astronomy.
Where are the men's change rooms?
He had an asthma attack.
Was it nice in the sauna?
The tax you pay is proportional to the income you have.
There was never really anyone who understood what he meant.
Tom sat on the edge of the bridge with his feet in the water.
The children were howling with laughter.
We have to do it, even if we don't want to.
He won three million when she participated in the lottery.
He's believe to know this area quite well.
Maybe the snow will melt soon.
I really don't understand what he means by that.
The match score was eight-eight.
They're singing acapella.
It gladdens me to hear how well you're doing.
How long is the pilot episode?
The morning dew evaporated in the first sunbeams.
Treviri is Germany's oldest town.
The excitement intensifies! Who will win the prize for best actor?
She sells drugs at concerts.
What do you like to do most of all?
I don't have the energy to deal with you today.
My husband doesn't love me.
I want everyone to have a good time.
I want everybody to have a good time.
Tom says that he isn't eligible to vote.
Tom says that he's not eligible to vote.
The bus stopped suddenly.
The train stopped suddenly and I spilled my coffee.
I sure miss you and Tom.
That's up to Tom and me.
I live near you and Tom.
No one likes Tom and me.
I agree with you and Tom.
Don't lie to Tom and me.
I care about you and Tom.
Nobody likes Tom and me.
I don't hate you and Tom.
Nobody liked Tom and me.
I don't like you and Tom.
Stop teasing Tom and me.
I don't need you and Tom.
You all need Tom and me.
I won't tell you and Tom.
Give that to Tom and me.
I'll go with you and Tom.
No one liked Tom and me.
Be assertive.
Girls like alpha males.
Every woman on the planet likes an alpha male.
Every girl on the planet likes an alpha male.
Every girl on the planet likes a strong man.
Every woman on the planet likes a strong man.
Every girl on the planet is attracted to a strong man.
Every woman on the planet is attracted to a strong man.
Women are attracted to men of conviction.
Be self-confident.
Be self-assured.
Watch this movie.
Read this article.
Please film this.
Please listen to this song.
Try to impress the boss.
He's absolutely terrified of approaching good-looking women.
Know your weaknesses.
Know your strengths.
Our greatest weakness is our ego.
His greatest weakness his his ego.
He doesn't want to lose his ego.
He completely destroyed her ego.
His words struck directly at her ego.
He knows how to destroy a person's ego.
Girls love that.
Girls like that.
He wants to attract good-looking females.
What do women find attractive in a man?
Why do women behave the way they do?
He will fail in life.
She's dressed in a nice Kabyle dress.
Tom was happy about that present.
Adapt or be left behind.
Adapt or die.
Everybody works here.
Tom is at football practice.
Tom is in the stadium watching football.
I will respond to your emails as soon as possible upon my return.
What's that sign?
What's that badge?
That means "do not turn over".
That means "fragile".
I recommend that you number the boxes.
You can go to the bathroom first.
My father doesn't drive for fear of accidents.
He disagreed with Mary.
I wish that I could have gone with her.
Tom has become a megalomaniac.
Tom plays truant.
Tom refused to enter the army.
Tom is an antimilitarist.
The body was transported to the hospital.
The body has been transported to the hospital.
You haven't finished eating?
Tom had been fighting for his life before they found him.
Write the address legibly!
I talked with her about you.
He has a wife and two small children.
He has got a wife and two small children.
I thought that we understood each other.
He is repairing his car.
Everybody wants what they don't have.
They built a new bridge across the river.
Now, I will explain everything to you.
Tom hides his illness.
Tom took back his statement.
Tom kidnapped his younger sister.
Tom requires his employees to be on time.
Tom found the dead body of a young man in the forest.
Tom got diarrhea.
Tom refused to visit his fiancée's parents.
Tom's parents lived in poverty.
Tom left for Australia to fight forest fires.
He can see it every day.
Tom hides himself somewhere in the mountains.
I'm going to ask nicely.
We can't just leave him out there.
You can't come any closer.
Tom cannot use a knive and fork.
Tom said something controversial.
Tom appealed against the sentence.
Tom has a graphing calculator.
Tom owns a calculator.
Tom does not own a calculator.
Approved calculators are allowed.
Prohibited calculators are not allowed.
Should graphing calculators be allowed in calculus classes?
Tom is taking care of a wounded reindeer.
Tom renounced the world.
Tom speaks Mandarin.
Tom speaks Mandarin Chinese.
Tom said that he had no time to eat.
Tom ate a mandarin.
Tom ate a mandarin orange.
The orange is a hybrid between a pomelo and a mandarin.
The color orange was named after the fruit.
Seville oranges are the main ingredient in traditional British marmalade.
Bitter oranges are the principal ingredient in English marmalade.
Oranges were considered a luxury in Europe at the time.
Louis XIV loved orange trees.
Louis XIV built an Orangerie at the Palace of Versailles.
Orange trees are sensitive to frost.
Tom was evicted for not paying the rent.
The firefighter gave some water to the thirsty koala.
The femoral head is a round knob of bone at the top of the femor, also known as the thigh bone.
She is warm.
Is there some bread?
The plane landed at nine sharp.
People want to live and work in peace.
Tom used to be a regular churchgoer.
Tom got into an argument with the mayor of his hometown.
Tom had a state funeral.
I was ill at the time.
How is your relationship with your father?
I've just made up the term.
Why did he leave us?
Why did Tom leave us?
Why did Tom drop out of school?
I can't beat you and Tom.
I could help you and Tom.
I did it for you and Tom.
That bothers Tom and me.
I'm proud of you and Tom.
I'm not like you and Tom.
I waited for you and Tom.
I didn't see you and Tom.
I'll protect you and Tom.
Don't talk to Tom and me.
I was sick at the time.
Tom was sitting by himself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
Tom is the least likely of my friends to get married.
Tom said that he would've come if he'd been invited.
Tom said he would've come if he'd been invited.
Tom stood in front the mirror, looking at himself.
Tom lives alone in a log cabin in the woods.
Tom was sitting by himself, drinking wine.
Tom was tired, but he kept on working.
Tom left the office just a minute ago.
I promise to email you every day.
I promise to write you an email every day.
Tom kneeled down on one knee.
Tom knelt down on one knee.
Tom is better at volleyball than I am.
Tom is better at volleyball than me.
Tom is the best drummer that I know.
Tom works hard, and so does Mary.
Tom was interviewed for that job.
Tom listened to the news calmly.
Tom isn't a man you can rely on.
Tom mistook Mary for my sister.
Tom won't listen to my advice.
Tom just needs some more time.
Tom pretended not to hear me.
Tom left his room in a hurry.
Tom will go to the hospital.
Tom ran out of the building.
Tom put on his coat and hat.
Tom put his coat and hat on.
Mary sang her baby to sleep.
Tom mistook me for my sister.
Tom gave me a kiss.
Tom didn't want me.
Tom left just a minute ago.
Tom quit talking suddenly.
Tom is the bride's father.
Tom went to school early.
Tom left here in a hurry.
Tom will go to the bank.
Tom walked to the store.
Tom sent me a postcard.
Tom sent a postcard to me.
Tom ran down the alley.
Tom tied up the thief.
Tom tied the thief up.
Tom knows both of us.
Tom cared about me.
Tom worked as a French teacher in Australia.
Tom works as a French teacher in Australia.
Tom has already started learning French.
Tom didn't hurt me.
Tom translated the article into French.
Tom covered for me.
Tom taught Mary how to swear in French.
Tom counted to ten.
Tom loves teaching people French.
Tom cocked the gun.
Tom needs a French dictionary.
Tom isn't a French speaker.
It wasn't that Tom didn't want to go to school, he couldn't go to school because he wasn't feeling well.
Tom gave himself up.
Tom applied for political asylum.
Tom has applied for political asylum.
Tom cut down all the trees in his backyard.
Tom is an arrogant man.
Tom is an arrogant guy.
Tom usually tries not to drive through cities.
This is Tom. May I speak with Mary?
Tom is your big brother, isn't he?
This is Tom. I'd like to speak with Mary.
Tom is going to break everything if he's not careful.
When Tom was younger, he worked in Australia for three years.
Tom likes making faces at children when their parents aren't looking.
I don't want to fight with Tom anymore.
It looks like Tom has gotten into trouble.
Tom carries a flask of tequila with him wherever he goes.
Tom doesn't know his exact date of birth.
Tom successfully convinced many people he possessed paranormal powers.
Tom doesn't know what the difference is between astronomy and astrology.
I've looked for Tom everywhere, but I haven't been able to find him.
I have my doubts about Tom's sincerity.
Tom needs someone that he can talk to.
Tom needs someone he can talk to.
Tom needs someone that he can discuss his problems with.
Tom needs someone he can discuss his problems with.
I'd appreciate it if you could help me.
I hate Tom for the following reasons.
Tom got evicted for not paying his rent.
Tom was evicted for not paying his rent.
There are thirty people on the bus.
There were thirty people on the bus.
How many people are on the bus?
How many people were on the bus?
I couldn't find a seat on the train, so I had to stand.
I couldn't find a seat on the bus, so I had to stand.
We sat in the back of the bus.
Is this where the bus stops?
How soon will the next bus get here?
Tom kissed Mary goodbye and then got on the bus.
The bus should be here soon.
I don't usually take the bus to work, but yesterday it was raining, so I didn't feel like walking.
I was the only adult other than the driver on the bus.
It seemed like every woman on the bus was wearing perfume.
As soon as Tom got on the train and found a place to sit, he fell asleep.
I can usually easily fall asleep on a train, but not on a bus.
I often read the newspaper while I'm waiting for the bus.
Luckily, I wasn't on the bus when it ran off the road into the river.
We travelled by coach from Aachen to Liège.
We traveled by bus from Aachen to Liège.
They have problems.
Is there a laundromat around here?
Is there a launderette around here?
We'd like to take on more trainees, but unfortunately we can't find any.
We'd like to take on more apprentices, but unfortunately we can't find any.
I don't need your sympathy.
I don't need her sympathy.
I don't need their sympathy.
I'm rather bashful.
I'll definitely miss them.
Tom was accused of treason.
Tom said goodbye to his grandparents and then left.
Tom said that English wasn't his native language.
Tom told them to leave him alone.
Tom broke in a mortuary.
Tom became addicted to porn.
I'm definitely going to miss them.
I'm definitely going to miss you.
I'll definitely miss her.
I'm definitely going to miss her.
That is a very old photo.
I don't need your pity.
Someone's guest is the guest of the entire village.
Tom is a total bellend.
Tom's a total bellend.
Could you please tell Tom he's a total bellend?
Tom is a bloody bellend, innit?
Do you know Tom's whereabouts?
It would help Tom a lot.
I believe that Tom is mature enough to know the consequences.
In the eighteenth century, women were treated as second-class citizens.
Tom managed to overcome his financial problems.
Tom is experiencing financial difficulties.
I am really disgusted by what you have just said about Tom.
Tom carried out illegal logging.
Take the book and read it!
They won't be back until five.
I suppose that you speak French.
A wife is the tax that you have to pay for the luxury of having children.
At night, in the sky, we can see shooting stars.
Tom was attacked by an unknown man in the subway.
You had better not try Tom's patience.
Tom was the only one who was spared.
Tom is a treacherous person.
Tom cannot understand you because he is deaf.
Tom didn't retreat.
Time is on Tom's side.
Tom has built a new henhouse.
Tom cannot see you because he is blind.
I’m checking that it’s not a bad joke.
Tom has always been envious of us.
Tom has violated the curfew.
Tom doesn't remember the name of the film.
Tom prefers feature films to series.
Tom loathes violence.
Tom has exhausted all possibilities.
Tom's kitchen is in a mess.
What Tom said was a sad excuse.
You won't get away with this, Tom.
It was you who advised me against that, Tom.
Australia is experiencing a fiery inferno.
I think we need to be a little more discreet.
I don't want to raise your hopes.
You're a sweet person.
Come back in a few days, Tom.
I wanted to try that new restaurant on Main street.
That's so romantic.
That's so romantic!
Thousands of Indonesians are unable to return to their flooded or water-logged homes.
The government struggled to distribute food to those affected and sanitize the flooded parts of the capital, Jakarta.
The water level rose very quickly.
Thousands of people took refuge in shelters.
Tom's car was flooded.
A U.S. start-up has reverse-engineered the coffee bean, producing imitation coffee with the same flavor -- but without the time, expense and environmental impact of using beans.
In March of last year, the company raised $25,through the online crowdfunding website Kickstarter.
A Hong Kong venture capital firm invested $2.million of seed funding in the company.
The company hopes to have its product commercially available early this year.
AI is generally regarded as programming computers to do things that normally require human intelligence — tasks such as planning, learning, reasoning, and problem-solving.
Whether AI will displace more highly skilled workers in the same way robots have replaced lower-skilled workers is hard to predict.
AI might create entirely new jobs and occupations for humans.
“We can't really say at this point whether [AI] will lead to the destruction of work or the support of work. Both things could happen,” Muro says.
"We have to ensure that we have safety nets or approaches that can help cushion the blow for people who do get displaced by technology," Rodgers says.
At least people have died and nearly 100,people are unable to return home, days after devastating rains flooded the capital of Jakarta.
Australia continues to battle wildfires that have scorched millions of hectares across three states.
My son likes that movie.
"We're in uncharted territory," New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian said. "We can't pretend that this is something that we have experienced before. It's not."
Twenty-four people have died since the blazes began.
Prime Minister Scott Morrison has been criticized for his handling of the emergency, especially after traveling to Hawaii for a family vacation during the emergency.
Pop star Pink and Australian actress Nicole Kidman have both pledged to donate $500,to support the fire-affected communities.
Overstaying your visa is a serious offence.
Thousands of Orthodox Christian worshippers plunged into the icy waters of rivers and lakes across Bulgaria on Monday to retrieve crucifixes tossed by priests in Epiphany ceremonies commemorating the baptism of Jesus Christ.
By tradition, the person who retrieves the wooden cross will be freed from evil spirits and will be healthy throughout the year.
After the cross is fished out, the priest sprinkles believers with water using a bunch of basil.
The religious holiday of Epiphany is also celebrated in some Western Christian churches as Three Kings Day, which marks the visit of the Magi, or three wise men, to the baby Jesus, and closes out the Christmas season.
At the Vatican, Pope Francis urged the faithful to reject "the god of money" as well as consumerism, pleasure, success and self.
In his Epiphany homily Monday in St. Peter's Basilica, Francis encouraged people to focus on serving others, not themselves.
Let's say that he is a bit sneakier than others.
The Pope urged the faithful to concentrate on the essentials by getting rid of what he calls "useless things and addictions" that numb hearts and confuse minds.
Francis said believers should aid those suffering on life's margins, saying Jesus is present in those people.
In Milan, city officials served a hotel lunch to homeless people to mark the day.
In the sleepy mountain city of Kalofer in central Bulgaria, dozens of men dressed in traditional white embroidered shirts waded into the icy Tundzha River on Monday waving national flags and singing folk songs.
Led by the town's mayor, inspired by bass drums and bagpipes and fortified by homemade plum brandy, they performed a slow "mazhko horo," or men's dance, stomping on the rocky riverbed.
Braving sub-zero temperatures, the men danced for nearly half an hour, up to their waists in the freezing water, pushing away chunks of ice floating on the river.
The town of Kalofer has applied to the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO for this traditional ritual to be inscribed as part of the "intangible cultural heritage of humanity."
In Istanbul, more than a dozen Orthodox men jumped into the frigid waters of the Golden Horn amid heavy rains in a ceremony led by Patriarch Bartholomew I.
A man lost consciousness and had to be pulled out of the frigid water and taken to an ambulance.
The Patriarchate in Istanbul is considered the heart of the Orthodox world and dates back to the Byzantine Empire, which collapsed when the Muslim Ottomans conquered the city in 1453.
Epiphany marks the end of the days of Christmas.
I wish you a year of peace and happiness.
I wish him a year of peace and happiness.
I wish her a year of peace and happiness.
I think I'm intelligent.
Mary had never had a serious boyfriend.
Tom had never had a serious girlfriend.
Tom had never had a serious girlfriend before.
Mary had never had a serious boyfriend before.
The 2010s are over.
We're not in the 2010s anymore.
The 2020s is the current decade.
The 2010s ended on December 2019.
Tom is a cord-cutter.
It smells musty in here.
It smells musty in this room.
You should start learning French.
You should start studying French.
I wonder if I could ever learn to speak French as well as Tom does.
My grandparents are the only people I speak French with.
The only language I speak with my grandparents is French.
The bus driver slammed on the brakes and three of the passengers who were standing suffered minor injuries.
My doctor advised me not to do that.
I won't help you and Tom.
I rarely see you and Tom.
Don't look at Tom and me.
I need to see you and Tom.
I can't help you and Tom.
Don't yell at Tom and me.
I've lied to you and Tom.
I won't fire you and Tom.
You can trust Tom and me.
I'll forgive you and Tom.
I still hate you and Tom.
Get away from Tom and me.
I'm angry at you and Tom.
I won't hurt you and Tom.
Stay close to Tom and me.
I seldom see you and Tom.
I thought everybody could do that.
I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth.
You know who that is.
You know who that is, don't you?
Tom changed his gender.
They took the elevator.
This is exactly the table that Tom wants to get rid of.
Tom misinterpreted what I had said.
This is not what is Tom interested in.
You will regret that, Tom.
I don't want to take a cab.
Tom is said to be an abandoned infant.
Tom used to be very aggressive.
I was menaced by Tom.
Tom said that he would probably go crazy.
Tom is too much for my nerves.
Yesterday, I was caught speeding.
Yesterday, I got clocked by a speed trap.
If only I had more money.
Tom overcame himself.
I don't let them take my dog out.
Tom is true to his word.
Tom is a neurotic.
Tom complained that the heater wasn't working.
I told Tom what I thought of him and it wasn't anything favourable.
Tom was a burden to them.
Tom vomited in the hall.
Tom lived to the ripe age of hundred years.
He does business in Turkey.
Tom complained about me to the boss. He will regret it.
I don't want Tom to be my boss.
I don't want Tom to be my boss because he is an idiot.
I told Tom that it wasn't over yet.
Mary will stay in bed today because she is ill.
I told my daughter that Tom wasn't right for her.
I told her to stay away from Tom.
Tom tried to make a cake but he burned it.
I advised Tom to get divorced.
I advised Tom to get married.
The doctor advised Tom to stop smoking as soon as possible.
I told Tom that I would complain about him.
I told Tom that I didn't care about his problems.
Tom was a model patient.
Tom won't change himself for the better.
Tomayto, tomahto.
I am fed up with Tom.
Tom was taken aback by my presence.
Everybody accepted the offer except for Tom.
Everyone accepted the offer but Tom.
Tom managed to settle the matter.
I haven't seen Tom for two years.
Tom tries to avoid conflict whenever possible.
Tom is an undesirable person here.
I told Tom that he wasn't welcomed there.
Tom was outraged by their approach.
Tom didn't know why he should do that.
Tom's execution was cancelled at the last moment.
She is losing her hair.
He is losing his hair.
Tom took his life because he didn't want to be a burden to anybody.
Haven't we told you before that you know nothing about witches?
I went there instead of my father.
Tom didn't need a whole lot of convincing.
Tom didn't need a lot of convincing.
Tom tried to mend his relationship with Mary.
Tom tried to mend his sock.
Tom was mending his sock.
Tom didn't need much convincing.
Mary didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings.
Tom didn't want to hurt his friend's feelings.
Tom doesn't like to cook.
Mary doesn't like to cook.
Mary likes to cook.
Mary didn't need much convincing.
It took a lot of convincing.
It took a lot of convincing to get Tom to agree.
She never told me that.
I didn't know anybody in the room.
I think that it's best to move on now.
I think that doing that would be good.
I think that I won't enjoy doing that.
I think that you should do that today.
I very seldom stay out at night.
I haven't eaten steak in a long time.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
Tom said that he was sorry that he'd hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
Tom said he was sorry he'd hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
Tom said he was sorry that he'd hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
Tom said that he was sorry he'd hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
I think that we can do that next year.
I think that I know as much as you do.
I think that I know as much as you.
I still think that that's a good idea.
I just got home half an hour ago.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here.
I sincerely hope that you were joking.
I see that you're getting ready to go.
I guess that some things never change.
I guess that it must be our lucky day.
I guess that I shouldn't be surprised.
I didn't think that we could help you.
I'm not a carpenter, but my father is.
She was barfing all over the place.
She was chundering all over the place.
There are more than a million feral camels in Australia.
How much of a help are you to your parents?
How much longer am I obligated to do this?
How much more time do I have to complete doing this?
How do I get to the Canadian Embassy?
How long has Tom worked with you?
Tom appeared about to speak, thought better of it, waved and went away.
How do you like the climate here?
How would you translate this into French?
How would you translate this sentence into French?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be there?
How do you say "goodbye" in French?
Can you tell me what the capital of Australia is?
I really like this place.
I wanted Tom to help Mary with her homework.
I really love this beach.
Tom couldn't feed himself.
I really love this place.
Tom got to Mary's house a little after 2:30.
Tom crept out of the room.
Tom crept out of the room as quietly as he could.
I actually did say that.
We have to learn French.
Of course, I can speak French.
I'm your French teacher.
We spoke French all day.
I loved studying French.
Many of my friends study French.
Mary is a Canadian woman.
I wasn't speaking French.
We haven't spoken French to each other in years.
I married a Canadian woman.
Does Tom also speak French?
Tom spoke French with me.
At home, we speak French.
Tom spoke perfect French.
I understand your French.
I have trouble understanding your French.
No, I don't speak French.
Tom never learned French.
You used to teach French, didn't you?
How did Tom learn French?
I sometimes write poetry in French.
I sometimes write poems in French.
I learned French from my parents.
I learned French at home.
Tom knew that something was wrong with Mary.
Tom knew something was wrong with Mary.
I wonder who bought this.
Tom deactivated the alarm.
I wonder who'll be there.
I wanted Tom to find out where Mary had been.
Tom did actually say that.
This is too hot to drink.
I wanted Tom to tell Mary about the accident.
When was this wall built?
Did you get much sleep?
I love this dog.
That's my house.
It was a good thing.
Why is Tom like that?
My keyboard is broken.
The decision was mine.
This isn't the book that I was reading.
I'm just a poor farmer.
Tom wasn't allowed inside.
I do a lot less reading nowadays than I used to.
I'd like some paper.
My wife has disappeared.
I wasn't allowed to stay any longer.
I've contacted your parents.
Where can I get toothpaste?
Where can I buy toothpaste?
Did you call Tom last night?
You're not ready to go, are you?
You aren't ready to go, are you?
Tom should at least apologize.
How long is it going to take?
I was going to do it tomorrow.
I was going to do that tomorrow.
Have you ever seen a real lion?
I don't have enough money to buy the computer that I want to buy.
I don't have enough money to buy the computer I want to buy.
Get rid of all this stuff as soon as possible.
I have no idea when that'll happen.
Tom and Mary are going to get married soon.
You've been given a second chance.
There are thirty students in my class.
I'll let you know as soon as we've made a decision.
How many more lies are you going to tell?
I wake Tom up every morning at six o'clock.
What'll happen to your family if you die?
Are you really thinking of buying that old car?
Before Tom got married, he used to go out drinking every weekend.
My aunt fell for a multi-level marketing scam.
My aunt fell for an MLM scam.
Can I get a copy?
Tom risked his life.
Tom waited a long time.
I often see Tom there.
Tell us it's not true.
Tell us it isn't true.
If Mary had known what a bastard Tom was, she would have never married him.
Did you say everything that you wanted to say?
Did you say everything you wanted to say?
Tom said he was careful.
Tom said that he was careful.
Did we make a big mistake?
I knew Tom would find Mary.
I often see Tom and Mary together.
I thought you didn't know.
I thought that you didn't know.
Someone is following me.
Somebody is following me.
Someone has been following me.
Somebody has been following me.
Can you please tell me why?
There's nothing like that here.
Tom is a very famous musician.
I made a paper airplane.
I'll do my best to help Tom.
How did you know I'd say yes?
How did you know that I'd say yes?
I never expected you to come.
It was raining this morning.
They think only of themselves.
Tom thinks only of himself.
You look amazing in that dress.
Tom told me his father had died.
Tom told me that his father had died.
I don't have the money to buy it.
Don't you want to unwrap your presents?
I bought everything you asked for.
I bought everything that you asked for.
I think that Tom is biased against me.
I want a house with a garden.
Wait a minute. I'll be right back.
Tom baked a cake for his girlfriend.
Tom baked his girlfriend a cake.
I have a lot of work to do next week.
Could you please down the music a little?
I wonder when they built this building.
I wonder when this building was built.
Are you going to cut down all the trees?
There's a restaurant near the lake.
Everything's fine with me.
It's very dangerous for us to stay here.
It's very dangerous for you to stay here.
Tom wants me to give him everything I have.
Tom wants me to give him everything that I have.
Tom has been living there for three years.
Tom did that after school.
Tom didn't know how Mary was able to do that.
Who else did you talk to?
Tom did that all the time.
Tom ransacked Mary's room, looking for money.
Tom did that yesterday morning.
Tom really thought he was going to lose Mary.
Tom really thought that he was going to lose Mary.
Private fireworks are banned in many countries.
She sat down and smoked.
This is а little different from what I want.
Have you found a flat yet?
Whom are you afraid of?
Whom are you most afraid of?
Of whom are you afraid?
Mary went through living hell with Tom.
Tom served in both World Wars.
Tom dug a big hole in the garden.
Certain things came to my knowledge.
You had better not mess with Tom.
I told Tom that he was a wanker.
Mary threatened to divorce Tom.
What Tom said makes no sense to me.
If it weren't for Tom's presence of mind, Mary would be dead now.
I asked Tom how he had enjoyed his visit to Prague.
Tom is very proud of his origin.
If Tom sees you there, you will get scolded.
Mary said that she could do without Tom's help.
The field passed on by my father has grown into a forest.
Your anger is much greater than your intellect.
In Germany, writers who are not linguistically up to their worldview are called visionaries.
His name is Ali.
The bottle is half full of water.
I see nothing worse!
It is different from usual.
I love Fernando Pessoa a lot.
She is afraid of losing money.
Many wearable devices showcased at CES look like watches but can do much more.
Are you reading that book?
Do you think that you can read this book?
Do you think you can read this book?
Tom is a tree surgeon.
Tom is an arborist.
Many wearable devices showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) look like watches but can do much more.
How many cups do you need?
Tom told Mary that he'd stay at John's place.
How many keys do you have?
Tom has decided not to go.
Tom hasn't yet decided whether he'll go or not.
Has Tom decided to go?
You'd better not mess with Tom.
This isn't quite what I want.
That's not quite what I had in mind.
Mary isn't my wife.
I hear nothing.
Let's imagine that someone would find the solution; what would he do next?
I'm not Tom's girlfriend. I'm just a friend.
I'm a girl.
Tom is my ex-husband.
I wish I had a boyfriend.
I wish that I had a boyfriend.
I wish that I had a girlfriend.
It takes a certain kind of person to steal.
Are you Italian or German?
Not everybody does that.
Not everyone does that.
Tom said he loves me and wants to marry me.
Tom said that he loves me and that wants to marry me.
It takes a certain kind of person to be willing to do something like that.
Not just anyone would be willing to do something like that.
Not just anyone would be willing to work here.
It takes a special kind of person to do something like that.
It takes a special kind of person to work in those conditions.
It takes a special kind of person to do this job.
It takes a special kind of person to work as a nurse.
It takes a lot of patience to raise a kid like Tom.
One of my colleagues gave me a gift.
I got a gift from one of my colleagues.
Tom was beaten by his father to the point of needing hospitalization.
I'm one of Tom's ex-girlfriends.
I'm one of Mary's ex-boyfriends.
I used to be Mary's boyfriend.
No one is closing the doors here.
Mary is eating ice cream.
What are some of your favorite quotes?
Where do you recommend that we visit?
Where would you recommend we visit?
What museums would you recommend that I visit?
What museums would you recommend I visit?
Where would you suggest I go?
Where would you suggest I visit?
What are some interesting things to do in Boston?
The bird is native to Malaysia.
I didn't get along with her well at first, but now I do.
My heart became heavy like a lead weight.
How many ties do you need?
How many ties do you have?
I want Tom to forgive Mary for what she's done.
How much fruit do you eat?
Tom walked into the woods.
How much money do you owe?
Tom didn't believe what I told him about Mary.
How much rope do you need?
Do you think Tom likes you?
How much tea do you drink?
How often do you eat this?
How old are Tom's children?
How soon will that happen?
How many weddings have you attended?
Tom didn't know that Mary thought that he should invite John and Alice to their wedding.
Tom didn't know Mary thought that he should invite John and Alice to their wedding.
Tom didn't know that Mary thought he should invite John and Alice to their wedding.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't wearing her wedding ring.
Tom didn't notice Mary was wearing a wedding ring.
It's possible we won't be able to get to Boston in time for the wedding.
Tom noticed Mary was wearing a wedding ring.
If I remember correctly, that's the song that Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
Do you think that Tom would sing at our wedding?
I'm going to ask Tom to sing at our wedding.
How soon will you be here?
I asked Tom to wait for us.
I can't focus on anything.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are still married.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary are still married.
I couldn't deal with that.
I wouldn't be able to deal with that.
I don't care where Tom was.
I couldn't stop shivering.
I thought Tom and Mary handled themselves well.
I didn't believe anything.
I forgot to feed Tom's dog.
I wasn't able to deal with that.
I won't be able to deal with that today.
How did you happen to end up here?
How much money have you earned so far?
I'll be meeting a friend of mine in front of the station at 2:30.
Tom waits for me at the bus stop every morning.
We waited a long time, but the bus never came.
Tom studies on the bus.
Tom saw Mary walking to the bus stop and ran to catch up with her.
I hope that you didn't miss the bus.
I hope you didn't miss the bus.
The buses are running late today.
I'm waiting for the number thirteen bus.
The bus drivers might go on strike.
Bus drivers might go on strike.
How many bus stops are there between your house and Tom's?
Do we really need so many bus stops?
Tom got thrown under the bus.
Didn't Tom use to be a bus driver?
Didn't Tom use to drive a bus?
Is it possible to get downtown by bus?
How much does it cost to get downtown by bus?
How many people got on at the last bus stop?
There is a free shuttle bus to the hotel.
Why did you become a bus driver?
Why do you want to become a bus driver?
How much do bus drivers get paid?
I just wanted to get on the bus and get home.
I did my homework on the bus on the way home.
Let's get off the bus at the next stop.
No children were on the bus.
There weren't any children on the bus.
The police found drugs on the bus and detained all the passengers.
Tom quickly got on the bus.
Tom quickly got off the bus.
It was very quiet on the bus.
It was completely silent on the bus.
Three people on the bus reported injuries.
Three of the passengers were injured.
I wasn't on the bus when it crashed.
Apparently, the brakes on the bus were bad.
Apparently, the brakes on the bus were faulty.
It's time to get back on the bus.
Everyone who was on the bus is here.
Everybody who was on the bus is here.
Bullying sometimes happens on school buses.
There were thirty people on the bus including the driver.
All the children on the bus were shouting at the driver.
The man sitting on the bus next to me and I talked the entire trip.
There were only three passengers on the bus when it exploded.
The driver was the only person on the bus that didn't get injured.
The driver was the only person on the bus who didn't get injured.
Thirteen children and three adults were injured in the accident.
There were no passengers on the bus at the time of the crash.
There weren't any passengers on the bus at the time of the crash.
Everyone on the bus was screaming.
Everybody on the bus was screaming.
The driver opened the door and we all got off the bus.
The driver opened the door to let passengers get on the bus.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but nobody got on or off the bus.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but no one got on or off the bus.
I got a ticket for driving in the bus lane.
I don't know who's driving the bus.
I came here by bus, but I think that I'll walk back.
I came here by bus, but I think I'll walk back.
The bus to the airport leaves from in front of the hotel every hour on the hour.
Most of us don't walk to school. We either take a bus or drive.
After lunch, we all boarded the bus and headed to our next destination.
Tom stayed on the bus, but everyone else got off.
Tom stayed on the bus, but everybody else got off.
The bus is still half empty.
The bus is still half full.
The bus should be here in thirty minutes.
The bus swerved out of control.
Everyone began boarding the bus.
Everybody began boarding the bus.
Luckily, we were on an air-conditioned bus.
You'll need to transfer to another bus at the next stop.
There were passengers in the front three seats, but rest of the bus was empty.
Everybody needs to get off the bus.
Everyone needs to get off the bus.
I wonder why the bus is almost empty today.
Our bus broke down three miles from town.
Bus fares vary according to how far you ride.
Bus fares vary according to the length of the trip.
A truck hit some kids at a bus stop and one of them died.
A truck hit some children at a bus stop and one of them died.
Some bus stops have benches.
Some bus stops have places you can sit.
Is there a bus stop near your house?
From my house, it's three miles to the nearest bus stop.
The driver of the bus wasn't injured.
Reluctantly, the kids got back on the bus.
Reluctantly, the children got back on the bus.
You can get there by train or by bus.
It's time to head for the bus stop.
One of the children didn't get off the bus.
One of the kids didn't get off the bus.
One of the guys got off the bus, but the other three stayed on.
They look like they're waiting for a bus.
It looks like they're waiting for a bus.
The last bus leaves in thirty minutes.
The last bus will leave in thirty minutes.
The last bus will be leaving in thirty minutes.
The driver ordered everyone off the bus.
The driver ordered everybody off the bus.
The bus driver and three passengers were killed.
Many school bus drivers get to know the students on their buses.
How often do bus hijackings occur?
The bus arrived much later than expected.
Bus transportation is provided for our students.
Tom got off the bus and headed home.
Let's rent a bus and all go there together.
We're waiting for the bus to come.
Cleaning a bus takes a long time.
Is it true that there are more male bus drivers than female bus drivers?
Is it true there are more male bus drivers than female bus drivers?
Tom and I are often on the same bus in the morning.
Bus drivers aren't the only ones who are on strike.
Many students travel to and from school by bus.
The police said that the bus didn't appear to be speeding.
The police said the bus didn't appear to be speeding.
Not all of our buses are equipped to handle wheelchairs.
A man with a gun attempted to commandeer the bus.
I'll get on the next bus and meet you there.
The bus came to a stop and everybody got off.
The bus came to a stop and everyone got off.
I'm always skittish when it comes to car repair shops. I distrust many of them.
I won't be there. I don't drive and I can't take the bus.
During the day, there's a bus every thirty minutes.
The bus driver was the only one who wasn't hurt.
The bus driver was the only one who wasn't injured.
It's only a short bus ride from downtown to our hotel.
The bus that Tom is on should be here soon.
The bus Tom is on should be here soon.
Bus drivers are responsible for cleaning the buses that they drive.
Bus drivers are responsible for cleaning the buses they drive.
The bus flipped over and passengers were trapped inside the bus for three hours.
Parents usually tell their children that babies were delivered by a stork.
The soldier who stopped the bus made us all get off.
The soldiers ordered us off the bus and lined us up.
I don't like sitting in the back of the bus.
The school bus pulled up in front of the school and the students started getting on.
It looks like nobody else will be getting off the bus.
It looks like no one else will be getting off the bus.
The bus drivers here are terrible.
There is a free bus from the station to the mall.
By the time the bus arrived at the hotel, most of the passengers were asleep.
Tom and Mary rode the same bus to school.
The bus is air-conditioned.
The bus isn't air-conditioned.
The bus was air-conditioned.
The bus wasn't air-conditioned.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus from the airport.
All I had in my pocket was a bus ticket and thirty dollars.
It looks like the bus is too crowded to get on.
Other than the driver, there were no adults on the bus.
All of the passengers managed to escape before the bus burst into flames.
The bus didn't have any passengers on board at the time of the accident.
Tom was the last person off the bus.
Tom was the last person to get off the bus.
Most of the people in my area don't live anywhere near a bus stop.
This is the intersection where a three-year-old girl was run over by a bus last year.
Tom got hit by a bus.
With the gas prices the way they are now, many people have started commuting by bus.
Tom rode the bus today.
Every time the bus slows down, Tom wakes up.
Tom got on the bus with his three sisters.
The bus that Tom was on was involved in an accident.
The bus Tom was on was involved in an accident.
Tom usually takes the bus home on Mondays.
Tom was a bus driver for many years.
It's clear that Tom took the wrong bus.
It's clear Tom took the wrong bus.
It's clear that Tom got on the wrong bus.
It's clear Tom got on the wrong bus.
I wonder how many buses can fit into this garage.
Biking to work saves Tom thirty dollars a week in bus fares.
Cycling to work saves Tom thirty dollars a week in bus fares.
You can easily get there by bus.
You can easily get there by train or bus.
Tom got on a bus headed for Boston.
Tom got on the bus headed for Boston.
Tom mistakenly got on the bus headed for Boston.
Tom kissed his mother goodbye and started crying as the bus drove off.
Do you think that Tom likes taking the bus to school every day?
Do you think Tom likes taking the bus to school every day?
Tom wants to become a bus driver.
Tom quit college and began working as a bus driver in 2013.
The family that Tom is staying with doesn't live near a bus stop.
The family Tom is staying with doesn't live near a bus stop.
What happened to the benches that they used to have at bus stops?
What happened to the benches they used to have at bus stops?
I was the only one other than the driver on the bus.
Do you think that bus drivers carry guns?
Do you think bus drivers carry guns?
If the bus driver had had a gun, things might've turned out differently.
The driver stopped the bus and told Tom to get out.
The driver stopped the bus and told Tom to get off.
Tom and the rest of the basketball team stole a school bus and drove to Boston.
We're committed to finding a way to keep the bus service going.
Tom was kidnapped on October 20, 2013, while he was waiting for a bus.
I didn't feel appreciated.
I thought I saw Tom crying.
Tom has done everything Mary said he should do.
Tom has done everything that Mary said that he should do.
Tom has done everything Mary said that he should do.
I want someone to help Tom.
I want somebody to help Tom.
I really like coming here.
I really like you new car.
Don't you know what you have to do?
I wanted to dance with Tom.
I wanted to make Tom happy.
He doesn't like doing that.
I wanted Tom to be near me.
Tom wanted to know more about Mary's boyfriend.
I thought you'd forgotten.
I wanted Tom to forgive me.
I wanted my kids back.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are still together.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary are still together.
I wanted to wash my hands.
I was never really afraid.
I wanted Tom to forgive Mary for what she'd done.
I wish I could run faster.
I'll be there before 2:30.
Tom asked Mary a few questions about her family.
I've never met Tom's step-son's mother.
I'm a firefighter.
We often wear matching clothes.
I'm a gym teacher at an academic high school.
I'm a gym teacher at a university prep school.
This text is full of mistakes.
Whoever does not handle a scythe or harvest eats what he finds.
I wanted to make Tom smile.
I'm here almost every day.
Tom counted the money before handing it to Mary.
I've decided to stay here.
I wanted to meet Tom again.
They were all dressed up as clowns.
At last I understand what you are saying.
Do you like riding a bicycle?
Tom ran away from home when he was under age.
Tom was stuck with five kids.
Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable.
I told Tom that I didn't want to see him ever again.
Tom became homeless.
Tom's younger sister is a shop assistant.
Tom's brother is my sister's boyfriend.
Tom said that he wouldn't go anywhere because it was raining.
I won't go anywhere with Tom.
Tom got stuck in a lift.
Tom was left to do everything on his own.
Tom is a parasite.
I explained everything to Tom, but he wouldn't understand.
Tom's brother-in-law is a prison governor.
Tom comes from a broken home.
Well, that's all for today.
Tom knows that because he was there.
I don't understand anything anymore.
Let's meet again tomorrow at the same time.
This isn't Tom's handwriting.
I don't think that that's Tom's handwriting.
I don't think that's Tom's handwriting.
That doesn't look like Tom's handwriting to me.
Would you recognize Tom's handwriting?
Does this look like Tom's handwriting?
Do you think that this might be Tom's handwriting?
Do you think this might be Tom's handwriting?
If only I'd been with you.
Tom wondered why Mary's dog kept barking at him.
My boss is from Australia.
I wanted to see Tom suffer.
I want to see Tom suffer.
What kind of tree is that?
Tom allowed his daughter Mary to go to the party.
I didn't want to see Tom suffer.
I don't want to see Tom suffer.
Tom said he wouldn't go anywhere because it was raining.
Tom said he wouldn't go with us because it was raining.
Tom said that he wouldn't go with us because it was raining.
Tom said that he didn't want to go swimming because it was too cold.
Tom said he didn't want to go swimming because it was too cold.
It's a miracle I'm still alive.
All we've got is each other.
Do you take requests?
I still can't believe we've got so much in common.
If you want any help, I could give you tips.
I'll call Mary and book a restaurant.
It's a miracle that I'm still alive.
Thank you very much for that. I appreciate it.
Thank you very much for that.
Thank you very much for doing that.
Thank you very much for doing that for me.
I really appreciate you doing that for me.
I really appreciate your doing that for me.
I really appreciate your doing this for me.
I'd really appreciate your help.
How many feet are in a mile?
How many yards are in a mile?
How many feet are in a yard?
How many inches are in a foot?
How many inches are there in a foot?
How many feet are there in a yard?
How many yards are there in a mile?
How many feet are there in a mile?
How many centimeters are in a meter?
Please move.
Please move out of my way.
Please scoot over and let me sit down.
I found this under the bench.
I don't know who this belongs to.
Do you have anything I can take for the pain?
I'd rather give this to you than throw it away.
Prices are lower on the other side of the border.
Tom treated the people around him like dogs.
The game has been postponed because of the rain.
The game was postponed due to the heavy rain.
As soon as the rain stopped, the game resumed.
I think that's Tom's.
I think that that's Tom's.
The emergency exit is over there.
Tom took a shower and then put on his suit.
Tom also lent me some books to read over the summer.
It's interesting what we can find here.
Can you see any difference between the two?
Can you see any difference between these?
Who else was involved in the accident?
What were you looking for in the basement?
Tom is interested in Buddhism.
There's an emergency exit in the back.
Tom's mother often left him alone when he was a baby.
The bank around the corner was robbed yesterday.
There are many empty houses in this area.
Buddhism has made me a better person.
Tom is a Buddhist.
The neighborhood was deserted.
They didn't leave me with anything.
I had to make difficult decisions.
I have a lot of Buddhist friends.
I give up. What's the solution?
I give up. What's the answer?
How much did you take with you?
How many suitcases did you take with you?
We need to focus on just one thing.
No one will tell you anything.
Nobody will tell you anything.
I'm getting weaker every day.
Tom is getting weaker every day.
Tom gave up all his possessions.
Can you give me another glass of water?
The gym was completely empty.
The gym is completely empty.
Do you have any painkillers?
What is an abacus used for?
I wonder how much it costs.
It didn't work out for me.
They left nothing for me.
They didn't leave anything for me.
We haven't done enough yet.
I'll let you do that now.
We didn't take anything with us.
We didn't rob the bank.
We weren't the ones who robbed the bank.
We didn't bring enough food.
We didn't bring enough water.
Shouldn't you go back home?
It wasn't a big fire.
How much money was stolen?
We robbed the bank.
I canceled my trip.
Tom was walking on the sidewalk on the other side of the road and didn't seem to see me.
I've found an apartment about thirty minutes from where I work.
Do you know who this snowboard belongs to?
Do you know who these skis belong to?
Pay close attention to the details.
Pay close attention to every detail.
I felt the tension in the air.
I don't know how I got home.
Do you know whose skis these are?
Do you know whose snowboard this is?
How can you even ask me that question?
How many students are in this school?
I'm going to get my ears pierced.
How old were you when you got your ears pierced?
Tom never leaves his house without being accompanied by bodyguards.
How many people do you think would be able to do that?
I don't yet know how many days I'm going to be here.
I broke my leg, so I won't be playing basketball for a few months.
The elevator isn't working today.
I forgot that I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
I forgot I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
I don't get along well with my in-laws.
If you can't get a taxi, I'll take you to the airport.
Tom said that he'd drive me to the airport.
Tom said he'd drive me to the airport.
Tom and I've never sung together.
I think that I'll be able to solve the problem without any help.
I think I'll be able to solve the problem without any help.
I think that I'll be able to solve the problem by myself.
I think I'll be able to solve the problem by myself.
We're trying to find someone who can speak French.
We're trying to find somebody who can speak French.
We want to hire someone who can speak French.
We want to hire somebody who can speak French.
My neighbors never complain about how loud my parties are because I always invite them to my parties.
If I didn't expect you to be here, I wouldn't have come.
I drive my kids to school every morning.
I drive my children to school every morning.
How many years has it been since that incident?
Let us know when you're ready to leave.
Don't tell anyone what I've done here today.
Don't tell anybody what I've done here today.
How many flowers are in the vase?
I'm sure that I'll get a gift from Tom.
I'm sure I'll get a gift from Tom.
Our team is better than yours.
I hope that we get there before Tom leaves.
I hope we get there before Tom leaves.
The music is too loud. Please turn it down.
Which team do you think is better?
Our best player is Tom.
Your French is much better than mine.
Girls don't wear skirts as often as they used to.
Women don't wear dresses as often as they used to.
I read a poem to my students.
Tom got off the elevator and headed to his office.
Of course, I'll keep my promise.
Of course, I kept my promise.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to keep my promise.
I'd love to hear your voice again.
I want to hear your voice again.
Tom didn't like any of the songs that Mary sang.
Tom didn't like any of the songs Mary sang.
I got on the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
I think there are a lot of beautiful women in Australia.
I think there are a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
I think there are a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of beautiful women in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I've seen a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I've seen a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
This is a really beautiful place, isn't it?
This is a really beautiful spot, isn't it?
This would be a good place to pitch our tent.
That's the most beautiful sound in the world.
The new billboards blocked our view.
There are a lot of really good-looking people in Australia.
You have a beautiful daughter.
You have a very beautiful daughter.
You have a handsome son.
You have a very handsome son.
We enjoyed the show.
It was a beautiful campsite.
It's a beautiful spot.
This hotel is beautiful.
This is a beautiful place.
The scenery is beautiful.
This is a beautiful lake.
It's a beautiful location.
You're quite handsome.
That building is beautiful.
It's really beautiful here.
This area is beautiful year-round.
Tom writes beautiful poetry.
It was a beautiful ceremony.
It made for a beautiful sight.
Where is the most beautiful place you've been?
Tom and Mary have a beautiful little girl.
I think that you're the most beautiful woman on the planet.
I think you're the most beautiful woman on the planet.
I think that you're the best-looking guy that I've ever met.
I think you're the best-looking guy that I've ever met.
I think that you're the best-looking guy I've ever met.
I think you're the best-looking guy I've ever met.
This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful things that I've ever seen.
It was a really beautiful experience.
The weather was beautiful today.
The weather was just beautiful today.
You're getting more and more beautiful.
You're getting more and more beautiful every day.
This is a beautiful beach.
The buildings that we saw were absolutely beautiful.
The buildings we saw were absolutely beautiful.
It's a beautiful day for tennis.
That's a very beautiful part of the country.
This is a beautiful piece of music.
You're the most beautiful women in the world.
We got a room with a beautiful view.
It's more beautiful here than I ever imagined.
It's a beautiful place.
The stars are really beautiful tonight.
Being able to do that by myself was a beautiful feeling.
Being able to do that by myself was a wondeful feeling.
Being able to do that by myself felt good.
You're still the most beautiful woman here.
You're still the best-looking man here.
That's a beautiful car.
It was a beautiful experience.
It was a beautiful place.
You're as beautiful as I imagined you'd be.
Tom has a beautiful wife, beautiful children and lives in a beautiful house.
Australia is such a beautiful country.
Monday was a beautiful day.
It was the most beautiful sound that I'd ever heard.
It was the most beautiful sound I'd ever heard.
Tom gave Mary some beautiful roses.
Tom gave some beautiful roses to Mary.
Tom's house has a beautiful marble staircase.
The hills in this area are especially beautiful in the fall.
The lakes in this area are very beautiful.
That's the most beautiful engagement ring I've ever seen.
If you aren't a morning person, study in the afternoon.
If you're not a morning person, study in the afternoon.
Give yourself short-term goals and reward yourself when you reach each one.
I hope that someday I'll be able to do that.
I hope someday I'll be able to do that.
I hope that we can avoid these mistakes in the future.
I hope we can avoid these mistakes in the future.
What are the differences between dogs and wolves?
There's probably a convenience store around here.
There should be a convenience store around here.
Do you happen to know if there is an ATM around here?
Do you happen to know if there is an ATM somewhere close by?
What the hardest part of your job?
What the most difficult part of your job?
I'll never forget what you did for my family.
I'll never forget what you've done for my family.
You're very lucky to have a home like this.
Your dog is very well trained.
Do you sell beard trimmers?
I won't forget what you did for my family.
I go shopping with my daughter every weekend.
I have several meetings this afternoon.
You don't know what's happening, do you?
Tom will be visiting Boston for a few days.
Could you tell me what's happening here?
We had to dig a pretty deep well to get water.
It's so good to be home with the family.
I never thought that would happen to me.
I never thought that that would happen to me.
I don't think I know anyone around here.
I don't think I know anybody around here.
I don't think I know anyone in these parts.
I don't think I know anybody in these parts.
Do you have a pencil that you could lend me?
Do you have a pencil you could lend me?
Could you tell me what's going on here?
There are only a few shops around here.
There aren't many shops around here.
How many high school students are here?
How many Canadians are here?
There are still people who believe that.
There are still people who believe that the earth is flat.
There are still people who believe the earth is flat.
Could you teach me some French words?
Are you sure you want to work with me?
Are you sure that you want to work with me?
Are you going to attend Tom and Mary's wedding?
What happened isn't normal.
There is a very serious problem here.
Could you tell me what happened here?
What do you know about our company?
I won't forget what you did for me.
Can you teach me some French words?
Can I have a glass of water?
Do you know what's going on here?
What do you think happened to me?
What do you know about Tom's job?
Do you have another one of these?
What did you tell Tom last night?
I don't know anyone around here.
I don't know anybody around here.
Could you bring me a towel, please?
Could you bring me a towel?
Do you know what happened here?
Can you throw this away for me?
What did you say to my father?
Tom is probably waiting for you.
Tom should be waiting for you.
I can't remember anything that happened that night.
Everyone knows it wasn't me.
Everybody knows it wasn't me.
Are you going to work today?
What do you know about us?
I'd never forget that.
Everyone knows that it was Tom who did that.
Everyone knows it was Tom who did that.
Everybody knows that it was Tom who did that.
Everybody knows it was Tom who did that.
Tom shouldn't go there.
Are you coming tonight?
We shouldn't go there.
You need to go there today.
Try to get here as early as possible.
Try to get here as soon as possible.
I think Tom saw us.
I think that Tom saw us.
Do you have a pool?
Are they the same?
What a cute dog!
I have no plans.
Why are you interested in this?
Tom looks handsome in this picture.
Mary looks beautiful in this picture.
Mary looks pretty in this picture.
It was a nice thing that Tom did.
It was a nice thing Tom did.
Mary is a beautiful young woman.
This is one of the most beautiful beaches I've ever been to.
Mary was wearing a beautiful blue dress.
It was a beautiful October day and we all had a wonderful time.
Tom pulled out the most beautiful ring I'd ever seen and put it on my finger.
Tom pulled out the most beautiful ring that I'd ever seen and put it on my finger.
Mary was wearing a fabulous dress.
It was a beautiful sunset.
It's the most beautiful place I've ever been.
It's the most beautiful place that I've ever been.
It didn't hurt that Tom was handsome.
I once knew a tall, handsome man named Tom who wanted to marry me.
Tom is handsome with brown hair and a beard.
Tom is six feet tall, handsome and rich.
Tom is a handsome man with curly black hair and brown eyes.
A very handsome man just came in the door with a very beautiful woman.
Even beautiful women and handsome men sometimes use dating websites.
You're as smart as you are handsome.
You shouldn't refer to yourself as handsome.
Tom isn't handsome, but he's not unattractive either.
Tom isn't handsome, but he's not ugly either.
Who was that handsome man that I saw you talking to last night?
Who was that handsome man I saw you talking to last night?
You're as smart as you are beautiful.
The man I saw Mary with yesterday was incredibly handsome.
I asked Tom what had happened, but he didn't seem to know.
Tom's red-headed wife wondered why there was a long blonde hair on his jacket.
I have no idea how expensive this is going to be, but I know it's going to cost us a lot.
I have no idea how expensive this is going to be, but I know it won't cost very much.
We don't have air conditioning in our house.
Tom skipped breakfast, so he wouldn't be late for work.
I don't have much money, but I think I have enough to buy lunch.
We're going out for dinner tonight.
I actually drink quite a lot.
I actually don't drink all that much.
Tom's sales figures have fallen drastically over the past three months.
I'd like to buy one of those, but they're quite expensive.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to tell the truth.
A lot has changed in recent years.
Where will you go skiing this year?
Women often earn less than men for the exact same work.
The case has been settled.
We'll fly to Australia and rent a car while we're there.
I think that I forgot to turn off the lights.
I think I forgot to turn off the lights.
I think that I forgot to turn the lights off.
I think I forgot to turn the lights off.
Do you want to stay here or would your rather look for another hotel?
We wanted to go for a walk, but it was raining cats and dogs.
We wanted to go for a walk, but it was raining really hard.
The man who fell off his bicycle seemed to be in a lot of pain.
If the weather's nice tomorrow, we'll go to the beach.
If the weather's nice tomorrow, let's go to the beach.
If you aren't better tomorrow, you should stay home from school.
If you're not better tomorrow, you should stay home from school.
My niece works at a sheltered workshop.
There are way too many houses in this part of the city.
The rotting food in the garbage can smelled really bad.
There are much larger houses further down this street.
Have you ever fallen down the stairs?
Tom likes to read, but he doesn't like romance novels.
There's something important that Tom didn't tell us.
There's something important Tom didn't tell us.
I was born in the Boston and grew up in Chicago.
I suspect that that painting is worth a lot of money.
I suspect that painting is worth a lot of money.
How much interest do you get on your savings account?
We like to drink a cup of coffee after eating lunch.
Tom walked slowly up the stairs.
An old bicycle stood against the wall of the garage.
Tom is looking forward to his retirement.
Many old buildings were destroyed by the hurricane.
I just don't know how to make it up to you.
Tom looked at his watch to see what time it was.
The sun is out, but it's still cold outside.
It's almost midnight, so I need to go to bed.
Tom isn't very interested in politics.
I know it's hard, but you have to try doing it.
Do you want coffee with your breakfast?
You might lose your job if you aren't careful.
You might lose your job if you're not careful.
You may lose your job if you're not careful.
You may lose your job if you aren't careful.
This is really more a party for young people.
Do you want red or white wine with your meal?
Do you drink milk every day?
How many glasses of milk do you drink a day?
Tom has spent much of his life behind bars.
Tom has spent much of his life in prison.
Tom goes cycling every day to stay in shape.
The lambs were separated from their mothers.
If you can't sleep, try counting sheep.
I heard today that Tom will be retiring soon.
I heard today Tom will be retiring soon.
I've been in the army for three years.
I've been on the police force for three years.
I don't like to talk about things like that.
How many more years do you plan to work?
How many more years do you plan to work before you retire?
Come over here and sit in the shade with me.
When we're done eating, I'll do the dishes.
If it's hot outside, I'd rather stay inside.
How many concert did you go to last year?
Your jacket is at the bottom of the pile.
We never eat lunch before noon.
The bread from this bakery is excellent.
Life is far too short to drink bad wine.
Life is far too short to drink cheap wine.
Life is too short to drink bad wine.
Life is too short to drink cheap wine.
We usually eat at seven in the evening.
Tom's bookcase is full of unread books.
The boys caused a lot of trouble.
The book that I wanted was at the bottom of the pile.
The book I wanted was at the bottom of the pile.
My father's condition is very worrying.
Maybe nothing has changed.
A lot has happened lately.
The party yesterday was way too noisy.
Sometimes it's hard to face the truth.
I knew that I shouldn't do it, but I couldn't help myself.
I knew I shouldn't do it, but I couldn't help myself.
When are you going to read that book?
Tom and Mary haven't spoken to each other in a long time.
Did you go to Tom's concert yesterday?
Tom raised his eyebrows in surprise.
I'd rather stay home and watch a movie.
I like to eat asparagus with salmon.
Tom is moving to Boston tomorrow.
Where are you going this vacation?
The test today was very difficult.
It was almost dark when I arrived.
It was almost dark when I got there.
I don't find this worrying at all.
We like to go to organ concerts.
We like to go to concerts in the park.
Tom moved to Boston yesterday.
It was a noisy party last night.
If possible, we travel by train.
We prefer to travel by train.
Have you seen this opera before?
We ate breakfast early today.
We had breakfast early today.
It was another very hot day.
You haven't done everything that you were supposed to do.
You haven't done everything you were supposed to do.
You haven't yet done everything that you were supposed to do.
You haven't yet done everything you were supposed to do.
The rain has changed to snow.
The rain is likely to change to snow this evening.
We went outside for a while.
Tom showed me his backyard.
I hope to see you next week.
Try to be on time tomorrow.
We went to a museum today.
I like going to the opera.
Tom parked his car on the other side of the road.
I'd rather have a beer.
I hate classical music.
Did you walk to school yesterday?
Did you see it happen?
The price of food has gone up a lot recently.
How much will you give me for this?
We were just lucky.
We'll be landing shortly.
Tom's plane should've arrived at the airport by now.
No one at the airport would tell us anything about the crash.
Nobody at the airport would tell us anything about the crash.
What time did Tom leave for the airport?
What's the busiest airport in the world?
An airplane that size can't land at this airport.
We made it to the airport on time.
The police found Tom's car at the airport.
We leave for the airport in a few of hours.
We'll drive you to the airport if you like.
I'll drive you to the airport if you like.
I'll drive you to the airport if you want me to.
We're building a new airport.
We'll be building a new airport.
We're going to turn around and go back to the airport.
We're going to turn around and go back to the airport. Tom left one of his suitcases there.
I was surprised how many people came to meet us at the airport.
I was surprised by how many people came to meet us at the airport.
The airport was evacuated.
We need to evacuate the airport.
Our city doesn't have a large airport.
I bought some gifts for my kids at the airport before driving home.
It's always busy at the airport.
This airport has the longest runways in this part of the country.
A taxi from the airport costs around $30.
A taxi to the airport costs around $30.
A taxi to the airport costs around thirty dollars.
A taxi from the airport costs around thirty dollars.
A taxi to the airport costs about thirty dollars.
A taxi from the airport costs about thirty dollars.
A taxi to the airport costs about $30.
A taxi from the airport costs about $30.
Our shuttle bus will pick you up at the airport.
Hundreds of flights land at this airport every day.
I fly in and out of this airport a lot.
It takes about thirty minutes to get downtown from the airport.
Airport workers are threatening to strike.
Construction work on the new airport will begin in October.
The crash was about three kilometers from the airport.
The airplane crashed about three kilometers from the airport.
Our airport is being renovated.
I could use a ride to the airport.
We're considering various locations for the new airport.
Tom came to pick me up at the airport.
Bomb-sniffing dogs found some explosives at the airport.
This airport has up to takeoffs and landings per day.
This airport has up to three hundred takeoffs and landings per day.
This airport has up to takeoffs and landings a day.
Tom has been working at the airport for more than three years.
Many flights have been canceled because of the snow.
You don't have to worry about picking me up at the airport. I'll take the bus.
It's best to get to the airport a couple of hours before your flight.
I wonder how much it'll cost to build a new airport.
The small airport near where I live has only one runway.
What's the largest airport in the world?
Many people went to the airport to welcome the team back home.
It ill behooves us to do nothing.
This airport has up to three hundred takeoffs and landings a day.
I wanted to see Tom's room.
When did it start snowing?
Tom dove into the water and tried to rescue Mary.
When did it stop snowing?
I wanted to speak with Tom.
Which word did I misspell?
Tom forgot he'd promised to call Mary last night.
Why are you still working?
We need to be at the airport by 2:30.
We have to be at the airport by 2:30.
In their family Tom is the one who does the school runs.
Mary's father warned his daughter away from Tom.
Tom joined a UFO cult.
You won't believe what Tom have done to Mary.
Mary was shocked by what Tom had proposed to her.
Only Tom has access to it.
I abhor alcohol.
Tom was the weakest of all the children.
Tom is suspected of child abuse.
Mary made an accusation against Tom.
Tom had to walk because he had missed his bus.
I have never flown by plane.
Yesterday, Tom did more harm than good at work.
Tom inherited a farm from his father.
Tom seems to be contemptuous of ordinary people.
Tom have always acted superior.
Tom is the driver at fault.
Tom abandoned all hope of finding a better job.
There are people who live contented lives without ever learning a foreign language.
He hasn't yet sown his wild oats.
Hypertext transfer protocol is abbreviated as http and is the protocol used for web pages.
You should go to bed earlier on a weeknight than over the weekend.
The insignia on his cap indicated he was a fan of the Chicago White Sox.
If you’re not busy, could you please shelve these books?
Don’t pin your hopes on him. He’s unreliable.
When she insulted me, all I could do was see red.
It’s impossible not to stand out like a sore thumb when you’re seven feet tall.
It’s not on television. It’s a webcast.
I wanted to study with Tom.
Why did that happen to us?
Tom hasn't actually ever gone on a date with Mary.
At the moment, things aren't going so well for me.
At the moment, things aren't going as well as I'd like them to.
At the moment, things aren't going as well as I'd like.
I'm in love with him.
We need to go there today.
We have to go there today.
We should go there today.
We ought to go there today.
We don't need to go there today.
We don't have to go there today.
We shouldn't to go there today.
Will you be working today?
I don't know if he'll ever forgive me.
Only use authoritative sources.
Each is of an acceptable quality.
We had a good day at the zoo.
We loved this game.
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive me.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive me.
I doubt Tom will ever forgive me.
This car is fully equipped with an ignition interlock device.
I don't know whether Tom will ever forgive me.
I don't know if Tom will ever forgive me.
A stranger gave this to me.
Tom told Mary to leave the key under the doormat.
How many donuts did you buy?
How many cars have you had?
Tom tried to keep Mary from seeing her boyfriend.
How many chairs do we have?
Tom can't see me like this.
How many deaths were there?
Tom asked Mary to leave the key under the doormat.
How many dogs have you had?
Tom did whatever he wanted.
How many eggs should I buy?
Tom flew to Boston to spend a few weeks with Mary.
How many houses do you own?
Tom didn't apologize to me.
How many plates do we need?
How much did that cost you?
Tom didn't apologize to us.
How much time did you save?
I can't wait to see Tom's face when Mary gets here.
How often do you drink tea?
Tom didn't brush his teeth.
How old is this lawn mower?
I want Tom to invite Mary and John over for dinner.
I didn't enjoy the concert.
Tom didn't care, but I did.
I didn't want to move here.
Tom and Mary had to keep their relationship secret.
I didn't want to play golf.
Tom didn't come here alone.
Tom didn't come here by himself.
I had trouble getting here.
Tom and Mary were in the same class in high school.
I hope that you slept well.
Tom didn't drink that much.
I like painting landscapes.
Tom decided he'd do whatever he could to help Mary.
Tom decided that he'd do whatever he could to help Mary.
I really enjoyed yesterday.
Tom didn't drink very much.
I wonder who gave Tom that.
They turned off at the wrong exit.
What would that mean?
This year I want to celebrate my birthday together with family and friends in Hagaparken.
All hope is sadly lost.
He got married to a certain actress.
Tom doesn't own a calculator.
I told Tom I didn't want to ever see him again.
I told Tom that I didn't want to ever see him again.
I told Tom that he wasn't welcome here.
I told Tom I didn't care about his problems.
I told Tom I didn't want to hear about his problems.
I told Tom that I didn't want to hear about his problems.
Tom was a burden to his parents.
Tom told me that the heater wasn't working.
Tom told me the heater wasn't working.
Tom complained to his landlord that the heater wasn't working.
You'll regret that, Tom.
Tom misunderstood what I said.
Tom misunderstood what you said.
Tom misunderstood what Mary said.
This is the table that Tom wants to get rid of.
This is the table Tom wants to get rid of.
This is the table that Tom gave me.
This is the table Tom gave me.
You were the one who told me not to do that.
You were the one that told me not to do that.
The kitchen is a mess.
The kitchen was a mess.
Tom stayed out after curfew.
I believe Tom is mature enough to know the consequences.
Tom was caught breaking into Mary's house.
Tom told us to leave him alone.
Tom said that French wasn't his native language.
Tom said French wasn't his native language.
Tom said goodbye to Mary and then left.
Tom said that he didn't have time to eat.
Tom said he didn't have time to eat.
Tom said he had no time to eat.
I think that I'm intelligent.
I'm happy to hear that you're doing well.
I'm happy to hear you're doing well.
Hopefully, the snow will melt soon.
I think that the snow will melt soon.
I think the snow will melt soon.
This report is full of mistakes.
This report is full of errors.
That's a very old picture.
I want to try that new restaurant on Park Street.
I wanted to try that new restaurant on Park Street, but Tom wanted to go someplace else.
My life could've been different.
Do we have any bread?
I'll explain everything to you.
I thought we understood each other.
I promise that I'll do it.
I promise I'll do it.
I think that we need to be a little more discreet.
I really like wind surfing.
I thought that Tom and Mary handled themselves well.
Tom didn't leave the house.
I signed all the documents.
I was surprised to see Tom's car in Mary's driveway.
Tom doesn't care, but I do.
I wanted to call my lawyer.
Tom has done everything that Mary said he should do.
Tom had a drinking problem.
I wonder who'll be driving.
Tom didn't speak to anybody.
Tom haven't spoken with anybody.
Tom used to be my workmate.
Tom was invited for an entrance interview.
It is Tom who will decide that.
What Tom said is a blatant lie.
Tom is a very skilful craftsman.
It will only do harm to Tom.
Tom isn't highly regarded among his colleagues.
How much is it for the train ticket?
How much does the train ticket cost?
What are you writing? I am writing a letter.
Mary asked Tom to clean the mess.
Mary said that she would stand by Tom.
Mary is more honest than Tom.
Tom is said to have molested a young girl.
Depression sets in.
I promised Tom to help him on condition that he would stop hurting Mary.
Can you give me a bunk up?
We're eight people altogether.
Tom is nuttier than fruitcake.
My Berber is shit.
My phone died just as I got there.
He approached the man and asked him if he could use his phone.
Do you want to do the dishes or fold the laundry?
You have to stop living in the past.
Tom ignored all the warnings.
Tom ignored the warning label.
He's only visiting Algeria for one day.
He's not Algerian and he's only visiting the country for one day.
He slept well on the bus back home.
Kabyles and Shawis understand each other perfectly well.
He explained everything in Berber.
Freedom of speech is a precious commodity.
They must be very proud of their daughter.
Do we need to hurry up?
I told Tom that he was a fair-weather friend and he took offence.
I always listen to podcasts on the train.
I've deleted the app.
I deleted the app.
Our company was founded in by my great-great-great-grandfather.
The Japanese community in Düsseldorf is the third-largest in Europe.
I don't know my way around here.
This woman is a teacher.
Tom calls the shots here.
I cannot recall what Tom exactly said.
Tom started slandering Mary.
Be wary about Tom.
Tom is giving Mary a hard time.
I cannot get used to working with Tom.
Tom brought up wind.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her outside school.
Mary promised to take care of Tom.
He didn't look Algerian at all.
He uses this phone a lot.
He loves this phone.
His phone is black.
He strongly believes in God.
Contributing to the erosion of languages over time are discriminatory policies that seek to stamp out cultural and linguistic diversity.
He always prays.
His mom his very religious.
We also have a mosque.
He kept reading his book as if nothing had happened.
You were behaving as if nothing had happened.
Such a thing has never happened before.
However, the reverse is true.
If you understand the problems and feelings of others, you're an understanding person.
Do you have them in blue?
He's doing well, thank god.
My parents adore you.
Which city are you from? - I'm from Rome.
All four nations lived together in harmony, until the Fire nation attacked.
She's starting to get old.
It's burning hot.
They put up a tent on public ground.
He likes to watch animated films.
He eats a hamburger in his car on the way home.
On the way home he eats a hamburger in his car.
See you at five!
He really doesn't want to go to the cinema.
He convinced me of her innocence.
Tom told Mary more than he'd expected to tell her.
Let's bake some cookies this afternoon.
Tom has an eating disorder.
I'm not against doing that.
Tom was surprised to see Mary's car in the driveway.
I'm really enjoying myself.
Tom has decided to testify.
I've bought a new umbrella.
I wanted Tom to invite Mary and John over for dinner.
Tom says that he's feeling better.
Tom told me that he was feeling better.
Tom is at an age where he is more likely to succumb to peer pressure.
Tom is at an age where he should be able to use the toilet by himself.
The child is not yet at an age to know right from wrong.
Tom confided to Mary that he had a drinking problem.
Mary thinks that her relationship with Tom has no future.
Tom's childhood could have been happier if his parents hadn't got divorced.
You have such nice ties.
Do you see the guy with the black jacket over there?
Which translation of this book do you think is better: the Finnish one or the Swedish one?
The traffic is stopped because of the accident.
We have different eye colours.
He wrote down his own name.
This is the first time that something like this has happened.
This is the first time something like this has happened.
This kind of thing has never happened before.
Today, Tom was supposed to collect his children from school, but he forgot about it.
Three students were killed.
Tom offered me some coffee.
What did you expect to see?
Tom and Mary tried to keep their relationship secret.
What game are you watching?
Tom played catch with John.
He threw the bill out the window.
He took the phone out of his father's hand.
He did some of the work himself.
He paid dinars for that.
He needs to forget that part of his life.
He threatened her on the phone.
This can literally change your life forever.
You're acting like a jerk-off.
He could be in jail.
He could be in prison.
You're a jerk-off.
You can change the outcome.
How many centimeters are there in a meter?
He ruined his life.
You're gonna ruin your life... for what?
I am sure that Tom has nothing to do with it.
His life went down the shitter.
His life was getting really very rough.
You and I will always be friends.
This card came from my cousin.
Do you like blue or yellow?
Her role as an English teacher is very important.
Home is where you make it.
Life is where you make it.
You and I'll always be friends.
Can you get me my eyeglasses?
Can you pick me up at the mall?
I am crying because I’m sad.
There’s a man outside looking for you.
We shared many dreams together
Can you tell me which way to go?
I'm crying because I'm sad.
I just saw a child cross the street by herself
I want to travel and see the world.
Should I buy this dress?
As soon as I get home, I’m going to start watching that series.
This is my last slice of cake, I promise!
I've never known someone like that in my life.
I feel so tired, I just need to relax and unwind
When was the last time you saw them?
Please put down that book and listen to me.
Why won’t you let him know how you feel?
This ice cream place is great for families with kids!
The group sitting across our table is so noisy
Japan is such a beautiful country.
This is a great way to start to learn the English language.
The American culture is so dynamic.
This is genuine Algerian tobacco.
This is my favorite part of the movie!
Can we play that game again?
No one in Algeria can legally buy this.
I’ll wear a red dress tonight.
That film is absolutely mind-blowing.
I agree! He is cute!
He loves drinking olive oil.
This is genuine Algerian olive oil.
They consume large amounts of olive oil.
What’s the difference between happiness and contentment?
You better learn how to follow rules.
This is a big decision for me.
You must take good care of your health.
He doesn't like olive oil.
They love to consume olive oil.
How much did you spend on your last shopping spree?
I can give you five reasons why you need to watch that video.
This olive oil is really good.
This olive oil is crap.
Algerian olive oil is the best in the world.
He ordered a thousand bottles of olive oil.
This olive oil is really, really good.
This olive oil smells great.
This is a really nice olive oil.
This olive oil is from Algeria.
The person who made this couscous doesn't know how to cook.
He has a whole cabinet for olive oil.
This is our olive oil cabinet.
He loves olive oil.
He has a bottle of olive oil.
He doesn't know anything about olive oil.
He drank some olive oil.
He took the bottle of olive oil out of the cabinet.
Can I have this bottle of olive oil?
"What's in this bottle?" "It's olive oil."
Olive oil has a strong flavor.
She drinks olive oil.
The bottle of olive oil was already open.
This olive oil tastes really good.
They drink olive oil.
The bottle of olive oil wasn't brand new.
There is a bottle of olive oil in the refrigerator.
This is really good-quality olive oil.
What game were you playing?
Tom wanted to stay with Mary for as long as he could.
Tom wanted to stay with Mary as long as he could.
What problems did you have?
We saw Tom on our way here.
It has been a big trouble for us.
Rose hasn't talked to me lately.
Have you checked your emails today?
Have you ever gone to the beach before?
All day my stomach has been in knots and I've been feeling like I'm gonna puke.
Do you speak Luxembourgish?
This is an odd book.
You make the world a better place.
It's not safe for you here anymore.
The party was poorly planned.
I can't believe Tom can sleep at a time like this.
We tried everything to help him.
Mary said I should go with my gut.
This is the fanciest restaurant in Boston.
We're your biggest fans!
Are you sure that's the right word?
I never liked that nickname.
Can you tell which is which?
I see what you're trying to do, but it's not going to work.
Spin the wheel, Tom.
I wish I had punched Tom in the face.
Thanks for never giving up on me, Mary.
Don't breathe in the smoke.
I don't have any talent.
You can't change the world, but you can change yourself.
Can we settle this tomorrow?
Can we settle that tomorrow?
Can we take care of this tomorrow?
Can we take care of that tomorrow?
Can you email me the file?
Can you email the file to me?
I donate blood every three months.
My wife is an astronaut at ESA.
An old love doesn't rust.
I could't unscrew that rusty nut, not even with a lot of hammering.
Yesterday I went to Zoagli to buy velvet for my historical group's costumes.
At the new pier there are nine new ships.
Marina is older than Catherine
When did it start raining?
This is what you have to know about Algeria.
I'm going to talk about Algeria.
We spent a very good vacation in Algeria.
Algerians are very welcoming.
We were speaking Berber.
Algeria and Morocco are Muslim countries.
There is a lot to say about Algeria.
They wore their Kabyle dresses.
I have Algerian friends.
Most of the tourists were Algerian.
They're Muslim.
Your mom isn't even Algerian.
This hotel is in Algeria.
Are there any Turkish restaurants in Algeria?
I used to watch a lot of TV.
Are you going to wear this Kabyle dress?
She loved that Kabyle dress.
I need this Kabyle dress for my life.
Why would you wear a Kabyle dress here?
Nobody stole your Kabyle dress.
You shouldn't be wearing a Kabyle dress here.
This Kabyle dress is expensive.
She stole Skura's Kabyle dress.
I don't know where your Kabyle dress is.
Your Kabyle dress is in the wardrobe.
Your Kabyle dress is in the closet.
Your Kabyle dress is in the trunk.
She stole my Kabyle dress.
She wore nothing but Kabyle dresses.
She wore primarily Kabyle dresses.
I don't want this Kabyle dress in my room.
She has my Kabyle dress.
I did some stretching.
This Kabyle dress is so expensive.
She needs to buy this Kabyle dress.
This man has stolen my wallet.
Apparently, it was just pepper spray.
Apparently, it was pepper spray.
Her mom is Algerian.
Their mom is Algerian.
We have a dog and a cat.
Do you have a dog or a cat?
You're Russian, aren't you?
Does Tom have a wife?
He's a perfect Algerian gentleman.
Only the boring get bored.
Thanks. You too!
Tom always finds a solution.
He has no time to finish his report.
I live in Germany and I work in Luxembourg.
I live in Luxembourg City.
I don't speak Luxembourgish.
I speak Luxembourgish, German, French and English.
I know Luxembourgish, German, French and English.
What do I stand to lose?
Her mother is Russian.
Your mother is Russian.
Tom couldn't reach Mary on the phone.
Who is sad?
He acted like he wasn't there.
She acted like she wasn't there.
Skura acted like she wasn't there.
Salas and Skura acted like they weren't there.
They acted like they weren't there.
He planned to leave that day.
She planned to leave that day.
Skura planned to leave that day.
Salas and Skura planned to leave that day.
Skura and Mina planned to leave that day.
They planned to leave that day.
Almost everything you order online has a shipping and handling fee.
Every time you go through the cycle, you increment the counter by one.
The small increment made no impact on the projection.
There are three roosters and two hens.
Give me one of those sweets.
Look, don't let anyone find us, we will end up being put to shame!
Put a nail on it!
If you don't behave the bogeyman will come!
"Can I write Kabyle at Tatoeba?" "What I say belongs to the olive tree. The words are no longer mine."
How did John get Tom to give Mary so much money?
The protesters shouted out, "Death to America!"
We live with them.
We live at their place.
Can't you see any difference between these?
Where do you recommend we visit?
Where would you recommend that we visit?
Algeria will ban hate speech.
Algeria plans to ban hate speech.
Physiology is a science.
The plural of ganglion is ganglia.
You make me lie.
What do you need this for, mummy?
He's so gross I wouldn't touch him with a barge pole.
I need to get into Algeria.
He's spending money like there's no tomorrow.
The skull is a skeletal structure.
They detained him and didn't let him into Algeria.
A vesicle is a biological structure.
This is a human embryo.
An order is an order and must be obeyed!
The brain has two hemispheres.
George Soros learned Esperanto from a young age, but it has never been confirmed that he is a native speaker.
You give up much too easily.
I fell asleep on the tram and missed my stop.
You need to see a doctor as soon as possible.
He never lies to me.
It seems to me that Tom is responsible for Mary's nervous breakdown.
The paper said he committed suicide by cop.
The paper said his death was a case of suicide by cop.
We always need others even if one is in adequacy with oneself me. The doubt ! We also say, better to be wrong together than to be right alone.
Excuse me, do you speak Italian?
The Panama Canal cuts across the Isthmus of Panama.
We were latchkey kids.
There is no use talking to him.
Mary is such a little cheeky chops!
Give some time to pimp up a little before we leave.
Tom would never say boo to a goose.
Tom was such a scallywag as a kid.
I don't want to have anything in common with Tom or Mary.
Tom doesn't mind Mary being slightly overweight.
He lives in a city close to Algiers.
He lives in a town close to Algiers.
It's really hard to understand Berber.
I can speak broken Berber.
I speak broken Berber.
I really love Berber.
I love Berber. I really love it.
I told her everything in Berber.
This girl doesn't live in Algiers.
How frightening!
He has been to Algiers once or twice.
This couscous tastes extremely weird.
I don't have the courage to say something like that to him.
I don't have the courage to tell him something like that.
Algiers is where I grew up.
Tom whipped off his coat and gave it to Mary.
It's better not to teach a language if you don't have the appropriate qualifications, and it's really much harder than getting a job at a cafe or something like that.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus to the airport.
Compare your answer with his.
Compare your answer with hers.
To our surprise, he came to our party with her.
To our surprise, she came to our party with him.
He started the engine.
She started the engine.
The teacher was worried by his frequent absence from class.
The teacher was worried by her frequent absence from class.
Hurry up, man.
On his way home, he met a man who he thought was an immigrant.
It's a pity we didn't visit him when we had the chance.
I was leaving home when he telephoned me.
I was leaving home when she telephoned me.
I was leaving home when you telephoned me.
That's his house with the red roof.
Except for him, the family was all watching TV in silence.
He was late for class, as is often the case.
In time, he came to love her.
In time, she came to love him.
Hello, friend. Good morning.
I had an argument with him about the use of marijuana.
No one knows his address but her.
No one knows her address but him.
Nobody knows your address but her.
No one but him handed in the report.
He was also there.
She was there, too.
He has no manners.
She doesn't have any manners.
He is a good cook.
She is a good cook.
She was late for dinner.
He likes to play basketball.
She likes playing basketball.
He kept talking all night.
He awoke to find himself in a strange room.
He is coming to our school tomorrow.
He seems to be preparing for tomorrow's lessons.
He will go there tomorrow.
He is leaving the city tomorrow morning.
She is leaving the town tomorrow morning.
It's very thin.
She is very polite.
He gets up at six every morning.
He laid the book aside and looked up.
He has no wish to study.
He is not serious about his studies.
She likes to knit.
He likes knitting.
He suggested another plan to the committee.
He was caught sneaking out of the room.
He acknowledges that he was defeated.
He never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
He usually goes to bed at ten.
She often goes to bed at ten.
He said he was ill, which was a lie.
She said she was sick, which was a lie.
He had no appetite because of his illness.
He has collected a great many butterflies.
He frowned.
He saved her from the fire.
She saved him from the fire.
He saved it from the fire.
He showed her the letter from his father.
She showed him the letter from his father.
She showed him the letter from her father.
He showed her the letter from her father.
He told her that he had written that poem two years before.
She told him that she had written that poem two years ago.
He was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
I knocked him down.
He recommended the novel to them.
He is liked by his friends.
He will be scolded by his father.
He advised me not to buy a secondhand car.
He is in bed with a fever.
He is a fluent speaker of our language.
She speaks our language fluently.
He wants to go to that country.
He received a heavy blow on the head.
She told us that you had a headache.
He took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
He is interested in mountaineering.
He has been talking on the phone for an hour.
He is an electrical engineer.
He has less money than his brother does.
He called to her across the street.
She called to him across the street.
He looked at the tall man suspiciously.
He talked too much and let the secret slip.
He stood on the platform in the underground station.
He is ill at ease among strangers.
He attached the string to the kite.
She is making progress.
He is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
He has grown in strength.
She has grown stronger.
He regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
He expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
He never used to smoke, but he does now.
He is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
He is due to come at noon.
I believe he is right.
I believe she is right.
I believe you are right.
He is interested in mathematics.
He acted the part of a sailor.
He likes hot curry.
He saw a play in the new theater.
He is able to swim well.
She can swim well.
He takes good care of the birds.
He is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone.
He's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
I'm doing this for your own good.
Show your father some respect.
I want to take Mary somewhere romantic tonight.
What was the worst day of your life?
What is your biggest flaw?
Thank you for coming in on your day off.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic.
We've been having marital problems.
Either the man is crazy or he's writing poetry.
Why are you friends with her if you don't like her?
Why are you friends with Mary if you don't like her?
Why are you friends with Tom if you don't like him?
A number of tech wearables are letting users control devices with their thoughts.
I don't think this is going to work, to be honest.
For decades, many Americans have viewed owning their own home as a tangible symbol of the American Dream.
Virginia is one of the latest states to tackle the affordable housing crisis by considering zoning rules to allow denser — and, potentially, more affordable — housing, in any area now zoned for single-family homes.
Samirah introduced a bill to allow duplex homes, like townhouses and cottages, in any place that’s currently zoned for single-family homes.
Oregon was the first state in the country to ban restrictive single-family zoning in July 2019.
Planning experts and local officials say suburban sprawl has negative impacts on the environment.
Planning experts and local officials say suburban sprawl has negative impacts on the environment, puts a heavier burden on local services, isolates people, and excludes lower income households and households with people of color from certain communities through economic means.
A Harvard housing report found a relative lack of smaller, more affordable new homes.
People who have lived, and grew up, in low-density suburban developments have a strong preference for that. They can't really envision a future that's substantially different than that.
A lot of those those younger households are looking for smaller units in walkable neighborhoods.
The Duchy of Cornwall was established in 1337.
The Duchy of Cornwall is one of two royal duchies in England.
Harry and Meghan want to live in Canada.
Tom and Mary want to move to Canada.
How can I move to Canada and become a Canadian citizen?
Harry and Meghan have announced that they want to step back from their royal duties.
"When I look at local news and see what's happening, I'm pessimistic,'' said Kathleen Culver, journalism professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
When I look at 18- and 20-year-olds and see what they want to do, I'm optimistic.
Despite the challenges and an uncertain future, the student journalists continue to hone their craft, one story at a time.
According to the AP, enrollment in journalism programs is up.
Thirty-five percent of school papers say they have reduced the frequency of print issues to save money.
With that, she cut the conversation short. Arrowood had a class to attend.
Tom likes antique furniture.
Tom and Mary like antique furniture.
How many husbands have you had?
How many husbands has Mary had?
How many ex-wives does Tom have?
How many ex-husbands does Mary have?
How many ex-husbands do you have?
How many ex-wives do you have?
Can you finish reading that novel in one day?
I can finish reading not only two, but three novels in one week.
The cervical region has seven vertebrae.
That's too difficult for me.
The neural crest is found in embryonic structures.
I eat too much meat.
Where did you go to university?
Are you Mary?
When did you begin?
It's been a week since Tom and Mary met.
Are you coming along?
The bed you just sat on is my grandmother's bed.
It wasn't my intention.
Skin and muscles are soft tissue.
The thyroid gland is an endocrine gland.
Can you heal a dental cavity naturally?
Will we speak Russian?
Women are so weird!
The chair is in front of the door.
A chair is in front of the door.
Purple is a striking colour.
Many people will go and study at the library.
Many people will go to the library to study.
We are Russians.
The English equivalent of the French word "chat" is "cat".
The French word "chat" translates into English as "cat".
There are lots of forests and fields.
Yes, I am Ana.
From time to time I like to go to the beach.
I had breakfast at half past seven.
I had breakfast at seven thirty.
I have neither a mother nor a father.
I don't always understand everything you say.
No, really? When did he leave?
No, really? When did she leave?
She lost her driving licence because of a DUI.
She lost her driver's license because of a DUI.
Are you going to come along?
I can't stomach milk.
I haven't eaten any meat since October.
Do you have a tissue for me?
Tom didn't want to hurt his friends' feelings.
Some of our employees work from home.
My dad used to work at the Home Office.
Say what?
He hates gay people.
The cat just gave him a stern look.
What really wiggles my tits is singing out of tune.
He pushed the speaker phone button.
You've got me stumped.
I don't know how to answer that.
It's always good to meet another ace person.
Can you recycle egg cartons?
Can you recycle egg boxes?
I'm going to be your French teacher.
Mary and I've been dating for three years.
I'm going to be your French teacher next year.
Mr. Jackson is going to be our French teacher next year.
I don't know how to say it, let alone you!
Everyone has forgotten about Tom and me.
Tom asked me to do something that I knew that I shouldn't do.
Tom asked me to do something I knew that I shouldn't do.
Tom is convinced he's a relative of mine.
If you're hungry, you should eat something.
What do the doctors say?
If you'd moved faster, you'd've been able to catch the ball.
We installed surveillance cameras.
We had a meeting from three to five-thirty. I slept through all but ten minutes of it.
If you can get through Wednesday, you can make it through Thursday. Then you only have Friday left, and then it's the weekend.
According to an old rhyme, Wednesday's child is full of woe. On which day of the week were you born?
You can find a Summer Street and a Winter Street in many cities in Massachusetts.
There's nowhere to park on Park Drive.
Wolverines can travel for hundreds of kilometers over their lifetime.
Naming your dog "Lucky" won't prevent it from being hit by a car.
Did you know that Bangladesh is one of the top ten countries in terms of population? Pakistan is also on the list.
Irina is a software engineer now.
We have twelve children, one for every month of the year. However, they were all born in August.
Jackals are mentioned about a dozen times in the Bible.
After going through the washing machine, his Swiss passport looked like Swiss cheese.
That's a shrew, not a mouse.
Indonesia frequently experiences earthquakes.
Only a camel could leave footprints like that.
Birch trees grow well in open ground.
We had a similar experience.
I have no doubts about Tom's sincerity.
Tom gave himself up to the police.
Mary is looking for her Mr. Right.
Mary has finally found her Mr. Right.
Mary is still waiting for her Mr. Right.
What did you name your dog?
Why did Tom name his dog Cookie?
You named your dog Cookie, didn't you?
Do you think Cookie would be a good name for a dog?
I'm going to name the dog Cookie.
Let's name the dog Cookie.
We've decided to name the dog Cookie.
I wonder who named this dog Cookie.
I don't know who named this dog Cookie.
That dog's name is Cookie.
Tom had a dog named Cookie.
What's the dog's name?
I have a black dog named Cookie.
Tom has a brown dog named Cookie.
Do you know that dog's name?
Tom bought a dog and named her Cookie.
I don't know Tom's dog's name.
Tom's dog barks at everyone.
Tom's dog barks at everybody.
Tom hasn't yet named the puppy.
Tom got a dog for his birthday, but he hasn't yet made up his mind on a name.
Tell Tom not to got near the dog.
If you want to make Tom happy, get him a dog.
No one knew Tom had killed the dog.
Noboy knew Tom had killed the dog.
No one knew that is was Tom who'd killed the dog.
Nobody knew that is was Tom who'd killed the dog.
Tom got himself a seeing-eye dog.
Tom has a seeing-eye dog.
You're the one who named the dog Cookie, aren't you?
Tom's dog isn't a lap dog.
Tom has found another stray dog.
Tom opened the door for his dog.
Tom's dog scratches the door whenever he wants to go out.
Tom begged his father for a dog.
The snarling dog lunged at Tom.
How many dog breeds can you name?
Three vicious dogs attacked Tom.
Tom asked me to feed his dog while he was away.
How many dog owners do you know?
Tom met Mary one day when he was walking his dog.
Tom had to shoot the rabid dog.
Tom's parents got him a therapy dog.
That's the biggest dog that I've ever seen.
Tom enjoys walking his dog.
Have you ever fed Tom's dog?
How do you train a dog not to tug on its leash?
The dog yelped in pain.
Tom's dog ran outside as soon as Tom opened the door.
One of those dogs bit me.
Dogs and cats are similar in some ways.
There used to be a lot of stray dogs around here.
Do dogs experience emotions like humans?
Do you think that dogs dream?
Did you bring your dog with you?
Our dog is just like one of the family.
Have you ever seen a dog eat grass?
Do you have idea where your dog is now?
Some people say that dog owners and their dogs look alike.
Some people say dog owners and their dogs look alike.
Raising a dog is like raising a child, right?
Raising a dog is like raising a kid, right?
This is a story written from a dog's point of view.
Several old ladies were in the park with their little yappy dogs.
If dogs could talk, what do you think they'd tell us?
We have three kids, three dogs and three cats.
We have three children, three dogs and three cats.
Tom's dog died.
Tom and his men were forced to eat one of the sled dogs.
Tom shot the dog.
Tom wanted a dog.
Tom's dog barked at us.
Tom's dog stinks.
Tom found his dog near the river.
Tom owns this dog.
Tom has a huge dog.
Tom had a huge dog.
Tom has three guard dogs.
Tom has a cute dog.
Tom held his dog on his lap.
Tom had to kill his dog.
Tom had to kill his own dog.
Tom killed his dog.
Tom knew it was Mary's dog.
Tom loves his dogs.
Tom misses his dog.
Tom missed his dog.
Tom walks his dog every morning before breakfast.
This is the dog that Tom said that he wanted.
This is the dog Tom said that he wanted.
This is the dog that Tom said he wanted.
This is the dog Tom said he wanted.
Tom wants this dog.
Tom wants that dog.
That's not the dog that Tom wants.
That's not the dog Tom wants.
Tom's dog is dying.
Tom's dog is smart.
Tom's dog whimpered.
Tom's dog is gone.
Tom brought his dog.
Tom's dog got hit by a car.
Is your dog housebroken?
We heard the dogs barking again.
We heard the dogs barking.
We have both a cat and a dog.
We have both cats and dogs.
We don't have a cat or a dog.
I can't just leave my dog at home when I go on trips.
Our neighbors complained about our dogs barking.
We want to get a dog eventually, but not right now.
We don't have any kids, but we have three dogs.
We don't have any children, but we have three dogs.
It's like Pavlov's dog.
Please leash your dogs.
The dogs were poisoned.
These aren't show dogs.
Dogs and cats are different.
Dogs and cats have different personalities.
This store doesn't sell dogs.
It's a dog, not a toy.
This place has gone to the dogs.
Tom hates Mary's dog.
Tom has been spending more and more time in Boston.
Only Anton can answer that for you.
Tom is the only one who can answer that for you.
Only Tom can answer that for you.
How do you think this passage would sound on the accordion?
He's no criminal mastermind. He's just a common thug.
They call him the Pushkin of Second Avenue.
Tom doesn't like big dogs.
Tom tried to ignore the dog that was barking at him.
Tom's dog seems to know Mary.
Tom let his dog out.
Tom has never had a dog.
Tom never had a dog.
Tom saved Mary's dog from drowning.
Tom is out walking the dogs.
Sarah either kept her opinions to herself, or never held any in the first place.
Tom's dog has just died.
Tom's dog when he was a kid was black and white.
Tom's dog when he was a child was black and white.
Tom didn't like dogs when he was a child.
Tom had a little dog when he was a kid.
Tom had a little dog when he was a child.
Tom has a little dog.
Tom has a small dog.
Tom has a clever dog.
Tom has three dogs now.
Tom hates my dog.
Tom is a dog handler.
You can pet my dog if you want to.
Tom let his dogs out.
Tom let the dogs out.
Tom shot a stray dog.
Tom shot at the stray dogs.
What we saw wasn't a dog.
Tom's family had a dog and a cat.
Tom's dog is barking.
Tom's dog is outside.
Tom's dog is on the porch, waiting for Tom.
Tom's dog is very ugly.
Tom's dog is ugly.
What we saw must've been a big dog.
Tom's dog went crazy.
Tom has a service dog.
Tom has a smaller dog than Mary.
Your dog is covered in mud.
Tom and Mary spent the afternoon sitting on a park bench, talking about their dogs.
Try to keep your dog calm.
Tom looked at the dog and shivered.
Tom's dog died in the fire.
Tom should get a dog.
I wanted a male dog.
We want a male dog.
I'd prefer to get a male dog.
Give your dog something to eat.
Tom used to be a dog breeder.
One of my shoes got chewed up by my dog.
Tom used to be a dog handler.
Tom was with his dogs in the park.
Tom's dog has disappeared.
Is it true that Tom's dog doesn't have a tail?
Is it true Tom's dog doesn't have a tail?
Tom's dog had puppies yesterday.
Why is your dog growling?
My dog isn't here.
Tom's dog seems fine.
Tom's dog seemed fine.
Tom's dog was barking.
Tom threatened to sic his dog on me.
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
Tom never pets his dog.
Tom doesn't pet his dog.
Tom didn't see the dog.
A dead dog was found in the barn.
We found a dead dog in the barn.
Tom had a nice-looking dog.
Tom has a nice-looking dog.
Tom's dog ate all of the bacon.
Pollution killed more than million people worldwide in 2017, more than three times the global toll from AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria combined, according to the latest estimates from the Global Alliance on Health and Pollution.
Tom's dog eats almost anything you give her.
Tom's dog was growling.
Tom's dog is growling.
Tom's dog eats almost anything you give him.
Tom's dog was snarling.
Poland is the only EU member that has not yet signed onto the Green Deal, which would support scientists, businesses and other players in the energy transition.
A recent poll shows Europeans fear climate change more than terrorism or losing their jobs.
Tom's dog wasn't there.
This is a story about a loyal dog.
The European Investment Bank, which is mobilizing the chunk of money, announced last year it would end financing for all fossil fuel projects by the end of 2020.
Tom got bitten by a dog.
The European Union rolled out a massive, trillion-dollar investment plan Tuesday to deliver on promises to make Europe the first carbon-neutral continent by 2050.
Tom had never had a dog before.
Tom has a beautiful dog.
Tom has a big hairy dog.
Tom has a dog and a cat.
Tom has an adorable dog.
Tom had an adorable dog.
Tom hired a dog trainer.
Tom worked as a dog trainer.
It must be tough to be a dog.
It must be hard to be a dog.
It must be difficult to be a dog.
Tom pulled his dog back.
Tom was walking his dog when he got hit by a truck.
Can you trust your dog not to eat the food on the table?
Put the dog in the back seat.
Tom usually feeds raw meat to his dog.
I'd never feed raw pork to my dog.
Almost any dog can be trained.
Almost any dog can be housebroken.
Tom's dogs were barking.
What breed is Tom's dog?
Many dogs get hit by cars.
Tom gave his dogs to Mary.
Tom gave Mary his dogs.
Tom gave his dog to Mary.
Tom gave Mary his dog.
Tom has a very smart dog.
Tom has always had a dog.
I've always had a dog.
My family has always had dogs.
Tom heard his dog growling.
The last years were the hottest decade ever measured on Earth.
Tom heard his dog barking.
We saw a man with a dog standing near the telephone booth.
It's the tail wagging the dog.
Tom is grooming his dog.
Alaska's average temperature in was above freezing for the first time in recorded history.
In the U.S. more than million shelter animals are adopted every year.
Tom's house got broken into last night and his dog didn't even bark.
It was an unforgettable meeting.
We paid too much for this.
I think that you paid too much for that.
I think you paid too much for that.
You paid more for that than you should've.
Tom was walking his dogs.
Tom's dog broke the vase.
Tom's dog is a collie.
Tom's dog was euthanized.
Tom's dog was in his car.
Tom's dog is in his car.
Tom's dog is very loyal.
Tom's previous dog was very loyal.
Tom's previous dog was very smart.
Tom's dog is very smart.
Tom's dog is smarter than mine.
I saw a dog lying on the floor.
Tom's dog wasn't barking.
I wonder why your dog didn't bark when I came to the door.
Most dogs do that kind of thing.
The dogs were starving.
A dog ran into my room.
Tom has a really cute dog.
I need to by a new collar for my dog.
Tom isn't afraid of dogs.
Don't forget to bring your dog.
Don't forget to feed your dog.
Tom locked his dog in the basement.
Most dogs are bigger than that.
Not many dogs are this big.
Tom really likes this dog.
I really like this dog.
Tom saved my dog's life.
Tom often travels with his dog.
I hear a dog barking.
Some people only like big dogs.
Some people don't like big dogs at all.
Tom was petting his dog.
Tom pulled the dog's tail.
Tom yanked the dog's tail.
Tom's dog broke its chain.
Tom chained his dog up.
Tom chained his dogs up.
Tom's dog came home alone without Tom.
The dog jumped into the van.
Tom's dog came over to me.
Dogs don't know any better.
The dog smelled something and took off running.
Tom's dog started barking.
Both Tom and his dog died in the fire.
Tom and his dog both died in the fire.
Tom's dog started to bark.
I think that you should walk your dog at least thirty minutes a day.
I think you should walk your dog at least thirty minutes a day.
The dog was chasing chickens around the yard.
Tom's dog is still on the porch waiting for him.
Tom's dog is very strong.
Tom bought another dog.
Tom bought his kids another dog.
Tom bought his children another dog.
Tom bought another dog for his kids.
Tom bought another dog for his children.
Tom didn't even have a dog.
Tom is the only kid in the class who doesn't have a dog.
Tom gave his dog a biscuit.
Tom gave his dog some food.
Tom gave some food to his dog.
Tom gave a biscuit to his dog.
Don't bring dogs onto the beach.
Dogs aren't allowed on the beach.
Tom grabbed the dog's tail.
Tom has a PTSD service dog.
Tom wondered why his dog was growling.
We need to bury our dog.
Tom took some pictures of his dog.
Tom treated Mary like a dog.
Tom treats Mary like a dog.
Tom was scared of my dogs.
Tom was scared of my dog.
Tom sat on the porch, talking to his dog.
Tom talked to his dog and his dog seemed to understand him.
There's some dog food in the pantry.
Tom's dog attacked the cat that came into our yard.
Tom's dog has a very short tail.
Tom's dog has a long tail.
Tom's dogs are aggressive.
Tom's dog mauled the cat that came into our yard.
The dog whimpered and backed away.
Tom's dog scared Mary's cat.
Tom's dogs all started snarling.
Tom's dog started snarling.
Who built your dog house?
Who built your dog house for you?
The dog is in the attic.
Tom's dog is still just a puppy.
I wonder why Tom's dogs didn't bark.
Tom doesn't even have a dog.
I'm going to kill that dog.
Dogs are predatory by nature.
Tom is the owner of this dog.
My dog was licking my feet.
My dog was licking my face.
Tom doesn't let people pet his dog.
Tom lets people pet his dog.
Ask Tom if you can pet his dog.
Tom's dog doesn't like to be petted.
Dogs are better than most people.
Tom says that his dog is housebroken.
Tom says his dog is housebroken.
Dogs are truly man's best friends.
They say that dogs are man's best friends.
Tom should never have a dog.
Tom should never have been given a dog.
Tom thought he'd lost his dog.
Tom thought that he'd lost his dog.
Tom takes his dog everywhere he goes.
Tom took some pictures of his dogs and sent them to Mary.
There are a lot of wild dogs in this area.
There are a lot of wild dogs around here.
Tom was playing with my dog.
It looks like somebody shot Tom's dog.
It looks like someone shot Tom's dog.
Tom's and Mary's dogs fought.
Tom's and Mary's dogs don't get along.
Tom's best friend is his dog.
Tom's best buddy is his dog.
Tom's closest friend is his dog.
The dog that we found didn't have a tag.
The dog is under the bed.
The dog is behind the couch.
The dog is behind the sofa.
Tom absolutely loved his dog.
The dog next door often comes into our yard.
The owner of this dog is an idiot.
Tom treats his dog badly.
Tom doesn't treat his dog well.
Tom wanted a medium-size dog, but Mary wanted a small dog.
I can't even walk my own dog anymore.
Tom is dependent on his dog.
Tom is outside, playing with his dog.
Pugs are a kind of dog.
Tom wasn't nice to my dog.
My dog caught the frisbee and brought it back to me.
Are cataracts common in dogs?
Tom's dog is his best friend.
Tom's dog isn't very bright.
Tom's dog isn't very smart.
Your dog needs to be walked.
Your dog seems to be full of energy.
Tom's dog is a husky.
Tom bought a vest for his dog.
Tom bought his dog a vest.
Tom didn't hear the dog growl.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't hear the dog growl.
Most dog owners treat their dogs well.
I didn't see any dogs in the park this afternoon.
We were starving and had to kill our dogs and eat them.
Tom lost his dog in the woods.
Tom lost his dog on the beach.
Tom lost his dog when he was out hunting.
Tom stepped on the dog's tail.
Tom stepped on the dog's tail and the dog turned around and bit him.
Tom walks his dogs every day, rain or shine.
Tom's dog barks at everything.
Humans are modified fish.
Tom's dogs bark at everything.
Tom walks his dog every day, rain or shine.
Most dogs love to be outside.
My neighbor's dog never stops barking.
Tom went outside to chase the dogs away.
You didn't have to shoot my dog.
Tom's dog was his best friend.
My dog is in the backyard.
Our dog was in the basement when the fire started.
Tom's dog was in the driveway, waiting for Tom to get home.
There's a "beware of dog" sign on every fence in my neighborhood.
Both of my dogs got injured during the earthquake.
Tom and his dog waited outside for Mary.
Tom dug a hole to bury his dog.
Tom is looking after Mary's dog.
Tom has been trying to train his dog.
Tom left his dogs for a week without food.
Tom said that dog was his.
Tom said that that dog was his.
Tom saw the dog, but he ignored it.
Tom took his dog to the beach.
Tom took his dog to the beach with him.
Tom took his dogs to the beach.
Tom took his dogs to the beach with him.
Tom walks his dogs twice a day.
I bought this dog from a pet shop.
The police hunted Tom down like a dog.
Tom was hunted down like a dog.
Why is your dog so dirty?
Why is your dog so filthy?
Tom is playing with Mary's dog.
Tom was playing with Mary's dog.
Tom's and Mary's dogs get along.
Tom's and Mary's dogs got along.
Tom's and Mary's dogs didn't get along.
Tom's dog didn't have a collar.
Tom's dog wasn't wearing her collar.
Tom's dog wasn't wearing his collar.
Tom's dog drowned in the river.
Tom's dog drowned in the lake.
Our dog is very quiet and hardly ever barks.
Tom's dog is a German shepherd.
My first dog was a German shepherd.
The dog stood up on its hind legs and put its front legs on my shoulders.
Several dogs died in the fire.
My dog is a good companion.
Your dog is bothering me.
The dog became a part of our family.
The dogs eventually lost the scent and we had to give up the chase.
We heard the sound of dogs barking and men shouting.
It seemed that Tom already knew the dog's name.
It seemed Tom already knew the dog's name.
There were dogs everywhere.
There were dogs all over the place.
There is a dog in your swimming pool.
Tom bought an expensive dog.
Tom bought a very expensive dog.
Tom complained about the noise his neighbor's dogs made.
You can't have this dog.
I won't let you have this dog.
I won't give you this dog.
I won't give this dog to you.
Tom found his dog waiting at the gate.
Tom gave a little snack to his dog.
We heard the wild dogs howling.
I'm pretty sure that I saw a dog.
I'm pretty sure I saw a dog.
Tom is really afraid of dogs.
Tom made sure his dog had enough to eat.
Tom made sure that his dog had enough to eat.
Tom prefers the company of dogs.
Tom said he heard a dog barking.
Tom said that he heard a dog barking.
Tom said he heard dogs barking.
Tom said that he heard dogs barking.
Dog walkers are also a common sight in this city.
I hire a dog walker to walk my dog on days that I work.
I hire a dog walker to walk my dog on days I work.
I saw a lady walking three dogs.
Tom started whistling for his dog.
We have wine, beer, lemonade and water.
Tom often walks his dog late at night.
I was as sick as a dog.
My dog doesn't like dry dog food.
The dog picked up Tom's scent and we followed the dog.
Either the dog goes, or I go.
My dog usually sleeps in the basement in the summer.
My dog usually stays outside during the day.
The police are out with dogs searching for Tom.
All the dogs were straining at their leashes.
We could hear the sound of dogs barking in the distance.
We could hear the sound of dogs barking far away.
Tom bought his dog some toys.
Tom bought some toys for his dog.
Tom jumped between the little girl and the dog.
The barking of the dogs grew nearer.
Tom doesn't play with his dog as much as he used to.
Tom told Mary that he didn't like dogs.
Tom told Mary he didn't like dogs.
Tom wanted Mary's dog to like him.
Tom hoped that Mary's dog would like him.
Tom hoped Mary's dog would like him.
I was treated worse than a dog.
You told me that you didn't have a dog.
You told me you didn't have a dog.
Why did you tell me that you didn't have a dog?
Why did you tell me you didn't have a dog?
Tom woke up as soon as his dog started barking.
Three dogs died in the fire.
The dog that Tom trained was a really smart dog.
The dog Tom trained was a really smart dog.
The dogs seemed to be barking at nothing.
Tom's dog sleeps under Tom's bed.
Tom's dog sleeps under his bed.
It wasn't the dog's fault.
Tom's only companion was his dog.
My only companion on the trip was my dog.
Tom has just gotten home from walking the dogs.
Tom didn't let people pet his dog.
Tom sent Mary a picture of his dog.
Tom sent a picture of his dog to Mary.
Tom had three dogs in the backseat of his car.
Tom has a dog and her name is Cookie.
Tom has a dog and his name is Cookie.
Tom has a dog and its name is Cookie.
Tom rewarded his dog with a dog biscuit.
Tom rewarded his dog with a treat.
I think that Tom's dog sensed that Tom was dying.
I think Tom's dog sensed that Tom was dying.
The man with the gun threatened to kill Tom's dog.
Tom told me that that was his dog.
Tom told me that was his dog.
Do you ever feed stray dogs?
Tom was in the rowboat with his dog.
Someone tried to steal Tom's dog.
Somebody tried to steal Tom's dog.
Tom's best friend was a stray dog that he found on the beach.
Tom filled up his dog's water dish.
Tom filled up his dog's water dish with milk.
Tom poured milk into his dog's water dish.
Tom has asked Mary to watch his dog while he's away.
Tom has asked Mary to watch his dog while he's in Boston.
Tom saw a small dog sitting in the window.
Tom used to be a professional dog trainer.
Tom's dog hasn't been fed three days.
Tom's dog hasn't eaten anything for three days.
Dogs often get very excited when their owners get home.
Tom's dog was attacked by a mountain lion.
Tom's dog was attacked by a bear.
Tom's dog was attacked by a coyote.
I could hear dogs barking all night.
I saw a sheep herder and his dog standing on the side of the road.
Tom hired somebody to feed the dogs while he was away.
Tom hired someone to feed the dogs while he was away.
Tom left food and water for his dog, hoping it would be enough for three days.
I would never ask Tom to walk my dog.
Tom saw a white dog with black spots in his backyard and wondered whose it was.
Tom showed a picture of his dog to Mary.
A dog was next to the open grave, howling.
Tom told the children not to go near his dog.
Tom told the children to stay away from his dog.
Tom's dog must've heard something.
Tom's dog must've smelled something.
Tom's dog sleeps in bed with him.
A fierce-looking dog stood on the porch, growling at us.
My dog was more than just a pet to me.
The police dogs picked up Tom's scent and started barking.
Plural of manga is also manga.
How did you get these books?
Tom didn't allow his daughter Mary to go to the party.
How many apples did you get?
Why did Tom hang up on you?
Tom forgot that he'd promised to call Mary last night.
How many colors can you see?
I could tell Tom was joking.
How many horses do you have?
Tom wanted to stop by Mary's on his way to the airport.
How many hot dogs are there?
I didn't care where Tom was.
Tom didn't have time to do everything Mary asked him to.
How many people did you see?
How many people got injured?
How many people were injured?
How many stamps do you have?
There are no houses on the other side of the street yet.
I dropped the tray.
You don't need to help me.
Is it possible to solve all the problems in Africa?
You don't need to help me do this.
You don't need to help me this afternoon.
You don't need to help me do that.
Good morning! My name's Henry Johnson, I'm years old and I'm from California but I live in Dallas with my wife and my daughter.
My wife's and she's a lovely person.
Those has been the most precious years of my entire life.
My house isn't very big but it's really comfortable and beautiful. We bought it last year and it was a great achievement in our lives.
This year I will study Swedish, Dutch, Romanian and Serbian.
I was born in Switzerland.
I like going to the cinema.
I like to go to the cinema.
I don't like reading at all.
I would like a salami sandwich.
You can have some salami.
You can have a little salami.
Health matters the most.
Tom was working in the garden while Mary was making lunch.
The cat is dead.
Charles I, King of England, was beheaded.
The cat's dead.
The dog's dead.
Australian firefighters saved the world's only grove of Wollemi pines.
These are the only living Wollemi pines found anywhere on the planet in their natural environment.
Time is hopelessly lost.
You don't need to help me with that.
You don't need to help me with this.
"I fear the rain," said the stone. "What would I say, me!" replied the clod of earth.
Tom is one of the most talented guys that I know.
Tom is one of the most talented guys I know.
Tom is one of the busiest people that I know.
Tom is one of the busiest people I know.
That was one of the few times that I agreed with Tom.
That was one of the few times I agreed with Tom.
Tom is one of the best saxophonists that I've ever heard.
Tom is one of the best saxophonists I've ever heard.
That's one of the reasons that I know Tom is innocent.
Tom was one of the men that the police arrested yesterday in the park.
Tom was one of the men the police arrested yesterday in the park.
Tom is one of the janitors at the school that Mary goes to.
Tom is one of the janitors at the school Mary goes to.
Tom is one of the best singers that I've ever heard.
That's one of the things that I was looking for.
That's one of the things I was looking for.
That's one of the pictures that I took yesterday.
That's one of the pictures I took yesterday.
That's one of the letters that Tom sent me.
That's one of the letters Tom sent me.
Tom said that he'd vote for one of the women.
Tom said he'd vote for one of the women.
That's one of the requests that Tom had.
That's one of the requests Tom had.
Do you really think that one of our employees stole it?
Do you really think one of our employees stole it?
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever been to.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
Tom is one of the most gullible people that I know.
Tom is one of the most gullible people I know.
I think Tom was one of the ringleaders.
I think that Tom was one of the ringleaders.
While I was talking to one of the clowns, Tom was talking to another one.
While I was talking to one of the clowns, Tom was talking to the other one.
Tom was one of the people who stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom was one of the people that stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom was one of the ones who stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom is staying at one of the cottages on the other side of the lake.
What's it like being one of the city's most eligible bachelors?
That's one of the worst things that's ever happened to me.
Tom was one of the first people I met when I moved to Boston.
Tom was one of the first people that I met when I moved to Boston.
This festival is one of the best festivals I've ever been to.
This is one of the best ski resorts in this part of the country.
This is one of the most beautiful coral reefs in this area.
All but one of Tom's classmates came to his birthday party.
This village is one of the most beautiful places I've ever been.
This village is one of the most beautiful places that I've ever been.
This is one of the most nicest hotels I've ever stayed at.
This is one of the most nicest hotels that I've ever stayed at.
It was one of the most beautiful sights on the whole trip.
One of the legs of this chair is shorter than the others.
This is one of the prettiest waterfalls I've ever seen.
This is one of the prettiest waterfalls that I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful places on the planet.
Are you one of the people that was here yesterday?
Tom was one of the soldiers that we met the other day.
Tom was one of the soldiers we met the other day.
This is one of the most beautiful places in the world.
We have one of the best basketball teams in the city.
Tom lives in one of the best neighborhoods in Boston.
This is one of the oldest houses in the neighborhood.
This is one of the most beautiful churches in Boston.
Tom is one of the most eligible bachelors in Boston.
There are times when innocent people get executed.
Sometimes innocent people get executed.
This program has the following sponsors.
This program has been brought to you by the following sponsors.
One of the soldiers gave Tom a stick of chewing gum.
This is one of the country's best basketball teams.
This is still one of the best restaurants in town.
This is one of the fastest growing trees on earth.
That was one of the classiest things Tom ever did.
Your things are in one of those boxes over there.
Tom is one of the most popular boys in our class.
Tom lived in one of Boston's best neighborhoods.
Tom was one of the better players on our team.
I had a little trouble with one of the horses.
"What does Henry do?" "He's a dentist, I think."
How's life in Rio?
Tom is one of the better players on our team.
Tom is one of the best players in the league.
That's one of the reasons that I like Boston.
That's one of the reasons I like Boston.
Tom got in through one of the open windows.
Tom was in one of the lifeboats that sank.
That's one of the reasons why I left early.
One of the men over there is Tom's father.
That's one of the reasons why I like Tom.
Sami was talking quickly.
I arrived very early to the office.
Have you already fed the horses?
The Portuguese man married an Indian woman.
She does not act like a lady.
It isn't good to stay up all night, dude.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope that I don't.
Do both sentences really mean the same thing?
Do both of these sentences really mean the same thing?
You can take the escalator or the elevator.
You can take the escalator or the lift.
Do these two sentences really mean the same thing?
He had a face lift.
He's had a face lift.
I read more ebooks than printed books.
I read more e-books than printed books.
I can't concentrate due to the noise.
Does Tom know Mary's last name?
Does Tom know Mary's real name?
Does Tom know Mary's middle name?
Does Tom know Mary's maiden name?
Does Tom know Mary's dog's name?
Does Tom know all of Mary's cats' names?
Your ideas are a bit old-fashioned.
My parents are a bit old-fashioned.
I'm a little old-fashioned.
Tom introduced me to one of his friends.
This song is one of the all-time greats.
I ate one of the three remaining donuts.
Tom was one of people sitting on stage.
I'll definitely be buying one of those.
Can you save one of those donuts for me?
Unfortunately, nobody told us.
Tom is one of the team's best players.
Is one of those cars over there yours?
Tom is one of the best cooks in town.
That's just one of our many problems.
Would you like one of these tickets?
I've already been told what not to do.
Tom and I've been buddies for years.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's house.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's place.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's house.
Who are you going to give those books to?
There's an armchair in front of the door.
"What do you have in your hands?" "Nothing."
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."
The new instrument sounds good.
Tom was one of the three panelists.
Tom was one of the three finalists.
I think that this is one of our problems.
I think this is one of our problems.
I think that's one of Tom's sisters.
I think that that's one of Tom's sisters.
That's one of our biggest problems.
One of the passengers was injured.
Give everything you have; you can't do any more than that!
The wealth of human ideas is greatest when people come up with dumb ones.
We're so vain that we even care about the opinions of people we don't care about.
How much is a ticket to Tokiponatown?
Sex is entertainment for the poor.
I'm glad you guys weren't here.
I'm glad you all weren't here.
I was glad you weren't here.
One of Tom's friends told me that.
Mr. Jackson is one of my teachers.
I was one of the last to be hired.
One of the soldiers talked to me.
Isn't that one of your brothers?
Which one of these do you want?
I was glad you guys weren't here.
Tom gave me one of his guitars.
May I have one of those apples?
Tom will be one of the judges.
Tom sat on one of the stools.
Isn't this one of your books?
Will all you girls be going on the picnic with us?
What have you ladies been doing all afternoon?
Tom was one of the speakers.
Tom is just one of the guys.
One of these cups is Tom's.
One of your tires is flat.
Tom is one of the owners.
One of your tyres is flat.
It's always awkward seeing someone you know in the supermarket. You either have to stop and talk to them, or avoid them at all costs for the duration of your shopping.
The thyroid is an endocrine gland.
"How are you doing?" "Apparently, not as well as you."
I have good news and bad news for you.
Tom has a self-destructive side.
Your opinion is a little old-fashioned.
Georgian seems to be a very peculiar language. It must be difficult to learn it.
Mum is making me a birthday cake.
The tomcat is dead.
The tomcat's dead.
The tom is dead.
The tom's dead.
I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places?
Ideas matter.
Does Ken know Tom's real name?
I'm sick and tired of your shit.
I am sorry to inform you that today in the morning, Tom was found dead in his apartment.
Your mindset is somewhat old-fashioned.
I want to go to Osaka sometime.
The blood circulates through the veins.
You understand the Holy Quran, right?
Your new glasses are in the kitchen.
Tom is wearing a red pompom hat and a pink scarf.
Why is my dog growling?
A cat is meowing on the roof.
This program is brought to you by the sponsors now appearing on your screen.
This program is brought to you by the following sponsors.
I could hear the birds singing outside.
He put a new roll of film into his camera.
Italians eat noodles.
Tom sometimes blackmails Mary.
Tom prefers to travel by train because he is afraid of flying.
I need to have my pants hemmed.
I need to have my trousers hemmed.
Mary told Tom that she was pregnant with another man's child.
Tom infringed the copyright.
German place names ending in -ow tend to be of Slavic origin.
Peace begins at home.
Peace starts at home.
"Do you know what creativity is?" "I've heard that word before."
Children and fools tell the truth.
Can I eat that apple?
Why didn't you remember?
I don't think he plans to go with us.
I don't think he intends to go with us.
Tom lies like a press release.
Tom lies like a eulogy.
Congratulations.
Tom said one thing and Mary said another.
Tom said one thing, and Mary said another.
Let me get one thing straight.
Bobby Humphreys never thought that a tiny Chihuahua that would help him go through a rough patch in life.
At least 700,people die every year due to drug-resistant diseases, including 230,from multidrug resistant tuberculosis, according to the World Health Organization.
Last year, a U.N. report predicted growing antimicrobial resistance could cause million deaths each year by and trigger a financial crisis.
The WHO said the health threat affects everyone, but those most at risk include people whose immune system is compromised, the elderly, and patients undergoing chemotherapy, surgery and organ transplants.
We are running out of antibiotics that are effective against these resistant bacteria.
It takes maybe years to develop a new antibiotic, so if you go back to phase one, we know exactly what, at best, we can get in the next years. And we really see that it is insufficient to counter the current threat.
Say what you would like, Tom, and stop beating around the bush.
Scientifically, it is very difficult to come up with truly new innovative antibiotics.
There is little financial incentive for pharmaceutical companies to develop a new drug because it is risky, it takes a lot of time and money, and the monetary returns are likely to be poor.
A firefighter rappels into a gorge in the Blue Mountains of Australia, as a crew tries to save Wollemi Pines, in this image obtained from the New South Wales Department of Planning, Industry and Environment, Jan. 9, 2020.
An ancient and rare species of tree has been saved from Australia's bush fires by a specialist team of firefighters.
Australia's Wollemi pines survived the dinosaurs.
The pines were protected from huge blazes near Sydney by water-bombing aircraft and specialist firefighters, who were winched into a narrow gorge by helicopter.
"It was a military-style operation," said Matt Kean, the New South Wales environment minister.
We had fire retardant, irrigation systems. We winched staff into the area to make sure that we were doing everything we could to protect the trees, and fortunately it paid off.
"These trees can be found nowhere else in the world. In fact, there are only left on the planet, so we needed to do everything we could to protect them and ensure they were able to survive into the future," he added.
The Wollemi National Park near Sydney is the only place in the world where these giant trees are found in the wild.
Before 1994, Wollemi Pines were thought to be extinct.
Experts believe the pines are an invaluable link to Australia's prehistoric past, and have estimated the grove could be up to million years old.
The exact location of the trees is a secret because of fears that visitors could bring in pathogens that might cause disease.
Some trees were charred by the flames, and a couple of trees were destroyed, but this rare species has survived Australia's bush fire crisis.
The fires have killed people and an estimated one billion animals, as well as destroying hundreds of homes.
Heavy rain has fallen across southeastern Australia, offering some relief for fire crews battling dozens of blazes, but there are concerns the wet weather could cause landslides and flash flooding.
If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
The Electoral College is a disaster for a democracy.
When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now, I’m basically the same. The temperament is not that different.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters.
I think I am actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
Many of our greatest strides, from gaining our independence to abolition of civil rights, have been led by people of faith.
Experts also say U.S. millennials are the first generation to feel the full impact of decades of rising inequality in America.
A recent study found millennials are significantly financially worse off than previous generations were at the same age.
Since 1996, the net worth of people under has dropped by more than one-third, or percent.
But things could be looking up for these younger Americans now that the average U.S. millennial is over the age of and poised to enter the wealth-accumulation stage of their life.
And for many millennials, boomers [people aged to 75] are finally going to transition increasingly out of the workforce, which is going to create opportunity for them to actually move up into more management-style roles.
Cybersecurity is a growing area of concern for Vietnam, where common use of pirated software makes computers vulnerable to cyberattack.
This is part of a growing trend globally to make internet logins more secure.
Under the traditional system that requires people to have account names and passwords, users often forget passwords, use the same one for various accounts, or use passwords that hackers can guess by running software that applies common dictionary words to log in.
Users often forget their passwords.
When Mount Taal started spewing plumes of ash in the Philippines a few days ago, thousands were ordered to evacuate.
The volcano, just meters high, is the most active in the Philippines.
The volcano sits inside a lake in one of the archipelago’s wealthier provinces, one heavily frequented by local tourists and moneyed retirees as well as farmers selling coffee and ornamental plants.
Catholic Church groups have opened centers for evacuees and offered extra help for 3,people who need food or water.
Europe’s Green political parties appear to be coming of age.
This month, Austria’s Greens joined the governing coalition in Vienna, led by the right-wing conservative People’s Party, a coupling that would have been unthinkable a few years ago.
Germany’s Greens are becoming more confident and say no future ruling coalition will likely be formed in Berlin without their participation.
Until recently the Greens were seen as insignificant, impractical fringe players, but as climate change and environmentalism are increasingly taking center stage in Europe, with voters placing climate action high on their list of political priorities, that’s starting to change.
In May 2019, Green parties enjoyed a surge of support in continentwide elections for the European Parliament, especially among young urban voters.
My father planted this tree.
This tree was planted by my father.
My grandfather planted this tree.
Tom's grandfather planted this tree.
Tom's grandmother planted this tree.
This tree was planted by Tom's great-grandmother.
This tree was planted by Tom's great-grandfather.
I'm terrible at this.
I'm really bad at this.
"This is what I was looking for", he explained.
The audience gave the actors a round of applause for their performance.
Tom was three years old when his mother was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was three when his mother was killed in a traffic accident.
Why doesn't anybody ever hitchhike anymore?
Why doesn't anyone ever hitchhike anymore?
Tom came to Boston last summer and stayed with us for a couple of weeks.
What would you do if that happened to you?
You can help me, can't you?
What are you doing for New Year's?
What are you doing New Year's Eve?
What'll you be doing New Year's Eve?
How did Tom get Mary to give John so much money?
Tom asked Mary to clean up the mess.
Tom promised to take care of Mary.
Tom promised to take care of Mary's dog.
Tom worked in the garden while Mary made lunch.
Tom and Mary want to move to Australia.
I wish I'd punched Tom in the face.
I wish that I'd punched Tom in the face.
I haven't spoken with anybody today.
I haven't spoken with anyone today.
I didn't speak with anybody today.
I didn't speak with anyone today.
Tom is the one who needs to make that decision.
Tom is the one that needs to make that decision.
Tom's childhood might've been happier if his parents hadn't gotten divorced
Tom's childhood might've been happier if his parents had stayed married.
I'm sure that Tom had nothing to do with that.
I'm sure Tom had nothing to do with that.
Tom planted this tree.
Tom was the one who planted this tree.
Tom was the one that planted this tree.
Who planted this tree?
Do you know who planted this tree?
Do you know who planted these trees?
You're really smart, aren't you?
It isn't safe for you here anymore.
This is one of the fanciest restaurants in Boston.
I see what you're trying to do, but it isn't going to work.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
Tom and Mary have been having marital problems.
Excuse me, do you speak French?
My mother is making me a birthday cake.
My mother made me a birthday cake.
My mother is making a birthday cake for me.
My mother made a birthday cake for me.
My mother baked me a birthday cake.
My mother baked a birthday cake for me.
I believe that you're right.
Do we need to hurry?
I don't know my way around Boston.
Do you have either a dog or a cat?
I fell asleep on the bus and missed my stop.
Could you tell me what that means?
I like the tie that you're wearing.
I like the tie you're wearing.
Do you see the guy wearing the black jacket over there? That's Tom.
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?
Tom hasn't talked to me lately.
I haven't talked with Tom lately.
Have you ever been to this beach before?
I'd like a salami sandwich.
I'm glad you guys are here.
I'm glad that you guys are here.
I'm really tired. I just need to relax.
You'd better learn to follow the rules.
I wanted Tom to play chess with me, but he said that he didn't want to.
I wanted Tom to play chess with me, but he said he didn't want to.
Three people were killed in the explosion.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine and three bottles of white wine.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine and three bottles of white.
There was nothing I could do at that time.
There was nothing that I could do at that time.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing, but I know that I shouldn't.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing, but I know I shouldn't.
I told Tom that my relationship with Mary was none of his business.
Tom was accused of disorderly conduct.
Tom postponed his marriage to Mary indefinitely.
The accident happened because of Tom's carelessness.
Tom's parents were supporting him during his studies.
A beautiful Georgian girl has joined us.
It is Tom's fault, not Mary's.
It's Tom's fault, not Mary's.
Tom often takes a sickie.
Tom won't be able to meet the deadline due to his illness.
Tom's mental health deteriorated.
I've learned the trade under his tutelage.
I don't care for how many years this was matured, I just don't like whisky, you dig?
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.
Now that Tom is behind bars, I am no longer afraid of him.
Tom sent his last text message just three minutes before the crash.
I'm not interested in becoming a Canadian.
I wanted Tom to buy me some stamps while he was at the post office.
I wish everyone would just leave me alone.
I wish that everyone would just leave me alone.
I wish that everybody would just leave me alone.
I wish everybody would just leave me alone.
We don't have children.
We don't have kids.
Tom became the worst nightmare for Mary.
Is that too difficult for you?
Is that too hard for you?
I can't read the article because of the paywall.
We've introduced a paywall.
Can you please change the channel?
Would you mind changing the channel?
Once Tom tried to invoke a demon, and he almost succeeded.
I'm going with Ricardo.
I really don't know with whom Tom was there.
He found this camera in the closet.
I'm looking for the bus station.
This negligence could cost human lives.
This train terminates here. Please alight from the train.
Are you really sure it's yours, Rachel?
Our router is connected to a repeater in the living room.
Can I have your wifi password?
I will get graduated next year, I hope.
She wants to be a professor someday.
It's kinda hard to talk to her because she's always studying and she avoids talking about relationship.
My parents' names are Terry and Christine.
I miss them so much.
My father is from Greece and he met my mother when she was traveling to Germany.
Is Eric younger or older than you?
Now that was annoying.
My grandma keeps all her cash in a cookie tin.
Tom went to say goodbye to Mary.
Do you know if anyone's home?
Are you implying that you don't want to see me anymore?
They didn't pay.
Everybody has attended the training course, except for Tom.
Tom won't abandon the idea.
If I were Tom, I would never marry Mary.
Mary shouldn't have married Tom.
Mary refused to support Tom.
Tom blames Mary for destoying his life. In reality, he destroyed it himself.
Nobody wants to be friends with Tom.
Mary is just wasting her time with Tom.
I was overtaken by Tom.
The dog is sleeping on the sofa.
Tom had one foot in the grave.
He's a reporter for Time Magazine.
He's an orderly person.
He's a tidy person.
From the rooftop terrace you can see the mountains.
If you want to write in English, then do it.
If you want to write in English, then do so.
Even though he's poor, he's still happy.
I don't want to work with Tom or Mary.
You eat too many sweets.
For them it's a matter of life and death.
For them it's a question of life or death.
"God be with you!" "Yeah."
You're quite a collector.
You're quite the collector.
I still don't know Tom very well, but it seems to me like he has a very busy life, doesn't he?
I added sentences.
I've added sentences.
Tom is conducting an investigation of this crime.
Tomorrow, I will have lunch in my office.
Mary still believes that Tom is innocent.
I'm going to take a little nap.
Imperium means power.
No one wanted to help us.
Nobody wanted to help us.
She's the world champion.
I'd like to buy an ice cream.
He interrupted everyone.
She interrupted everyone.
It interrupted everyone.
Doing it disgusts me.
The living room is on the right.
The living room is to the right.
Are you guys in Berlin?
Are you all in Berlin?
He studied.
I still live at my parents'.
I still live at my parents' house.
I was happy before the marriage.
My grandma doesn't have the internet.
The buds are becoming beautiful red roses.
I prefer speaking Luxembourgish to German or French.
I'm so happy! I want to hug the entire world!
The boss gave me this salary.
Do you prefer spring or fall season?
Farmers mow the grass to forage.
Are you in Berlin?
et cetera
I strolled through its three unprepossessing courtyards.
If a wolf consumes a plant-eating rodent, the wolf is classed as a secondary consumer.
They'd all think I was a saddo trainspotter, which is not the image I want to convey.
Brad had been a high-flyer since his middle school years, excelling in every subject area.
"Is this the entrance to the men's toilets?" "No, this is the women's room."
Robbery is a quick way to earn a shedload of cash.
Workers on low salaries can apply for income support.
Vagabonds are some of the most itinerant people out there.
To prevent unwanted breeding, many pet owners will choose to neuter their pets.
Religious fundamentalists prefer to advocate the teaching of abstinence instead of the teaching of safe sex.
The pirate ship came closer inshore.
A pressure group can influence decision making processes in governments.
A polo neck is also known as a turtle neck.
Phil would never take part in an activity as highbrow as going to the opera.
I couldn't decide whether I wanted an ice cream or an ice lolly, so I bought both.
Skimmed milk is the fourteenth item on my shopping list.
An alternative method of capitalising a letter with a keyboard is by using the shift key.
She is in the third trimester of her pregnancy.
Mike entered the fore of the plane, but his seat was located in the final row at the aft of the plane.
After much deliberation, Kelly decided to purchase the venetian blind instead of the persian blind.
The secret police forced Ron into a musty, white strait-jacket and carted him off to the nearest asylum.
The word 'Flother' only occurs once in Old English, thus making it a hapax legemenon.
The CSU political party now has a stranglehold on Bavaria, after having won every seat in the reigion during the last election.
During the day of one's wedding, it's quite common to get cold feet and to have second thoughts.
Hey, how are you?
If only you were a dog!
sugar diabetes
Tom said that he and his wife would go to Australia in the spring.
I wasn't prepared to do that at that time.
Tom said he and his wife would go to Australia in the spring.
Is Tom younger than you?
Is Tom older than you?
Is Tom younger or older than you?
Who's shorter, you or Tom?
Who eats more, you or Tom?
I wasn't expecting so many people to come.
I wasn't able to stop that from happening.
I'm not ready for marriage.
I don't want to wed again.
I'll bring you.
Did you count this right?
The child grabbed the cat's tail.
I don't play tennis that well.
I think Tom will make breakfast.
I think that Tom will make breakfast.
I think Tom will make breakfast for us.
I think that Tom will make breakfast for us.
I think Tom will make us breakfast.
I think that Tom will make us breakfast.
I don't play tennis all that well.
Can you turn the TV down?
I need size shoes!
How long are you going to stay in Shanghai?
You've tired yourself out today!
I don't think you're doing that as well as you could with a little help.
I don't think that you're doing that as well as you could with a little help.
I'm not so sure I could cope with that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure that I could cope with that, at least not as well as you.
Doing it that way has it's disadvantages as well as advantages.
I'm not so sure I could do that, at least not as well as you.
I'm not so sure that I could do that, at least not as well as you.
Banks as well as some companies won't be open next Monday.
Banks as well as some companies will be closed next Monday.
When he arrives, we'll start.
They have lots of children.
This chair has to be fixed.
You can only do it under Tom's supervision.
Ok. Where do you live?
Let's just have a look first.
I'm really happy to have met you.
Are they not company employees?
Have you gone to see a doctor?
There's no point in trying again.
Where can I buy Apaper?
You don't have money.
I already swiped the card.
What time does the train leave from here?
Is it a bit lighter or a bit heavier?
I can play piano.
He's from Hangzhou.
He's afraid of flying.
He has a fear of flying.
We both know what we're doing.
We went out on the field and played as well as we could.
The dogs as well as their owners seemed to be having fun.
Boys as well as girls will be affected by this decision.
The band played their own songs as well as some covers.
We're not doing everything as well as we need to.
Tom as well as everybody else in the room knew what the problem was.
Tom as well as everyone else in the room knew what the problem was.
You don't know me as well as you think you do.
I don't think that Tom plays the guitar as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom plays the guitar as well as Mary.
This holds true for husbands as well as wives.
Maybe you don't know me as well as you think.
No one here dances as well as you do.
Nobody here dances as well as you do.
No one here dances as well as you.
Nobody here dances as well as you.
Tom's daughter as well as his sons all went to college.
It went about as well as I could've hoped for.
I don't think that Tom could do this as well as you.
I don't think Tom could do this as well as you.
It hasn't worked out as well as we'd hoped.
There's no point in trying anymore.
Let's just give up.
We didn't do as well as we would've liked.
We didn't do as well as we would've liked to.
Tom gave me food as well as something to drink.
Change brings opportunity as well as risk.
Tom can speak French almost as well as you can.
Tom can speak French almost as well as you.
You seem to shoot as well as your father.
You seem to shoot as well as your father does.
I met Tom and Mary, as well as their families.
This is as well as we've played all year.
I have no alternatives.
It was very rewarding experience for Tom.
What did you come here to do?
Tom took two small children out of the burning house.
Tom is of a noble descent.
I detest Tom for what he has done to Mary.
Waiting is the root of all suffering, so it’s better not to expect anything from life.
Coffee? You look like you could use some.
How can we de-escalate the conflict?
I can't say anything bad about Tom.
I'm a philosopher at heart.
They asked Tom about his working experience. He said that he had none.
It is Tom's duty to check out this place twice a day.
The Earth was divided into continents at the time of Peleg.
Tom was offered a surrogate home, but he refused it.
How does it come that you don't have an accent?
Can't you see that Tom disrespects you?
The government decided to stick by its original decision to raise taxes.
Are you trying to insinuate that a woman could never be as intelligent as a man?!
Many tourists choose to sail through Venice on a gondola during the summer.
At a cost of only €including flights, hotels, and transport for two weeks, this was the best package holiday Sue and Jack had ever booked!
Don't marry that man. He'll do you wrong.
Sellotape is a useful tool for every arts and crafts hobbyist.
Don't marry that man. He'll treat you bad.
I think I heard a dog barking in the distance.
Love is the only thing that increases when we spend it.
If you want, I can help you learn Russian.
If you can't be a star in the sky, be a light in the house.
It can have more than one right answer.
It can have more than one correct answer.
I'm working!
I work!
A friend lent me that book.
Tom regularly helps his children with their homework.
Tom doesn't like household chores.
Don't put the blame on Tom!
I expect Tom to explain to me his behavior.
I request that Tom be held responsible for his wicked deeds.
Tom likes playing with people's feelings.
It smells terrible here.
There is a tree.
Tom was held in captivity for two months.
They were lucky that Tom didn't hurt them.
Aron Ivanovich is a halachic Jew.
Tom started to exhibit his supernatural abilities.
Georgian is probably one of the most difficult languages in the world.
I believe that with Tom's support, we will manage it.
I asked Tom to translate that sentence into French for me.
Tom's parents emigrated to Australia in the sixties.
Olga Buzova is a close friend of Aishat Kadyrova and is very popular with the Chechen youth.
Tom's disease probably results from bad food.
What Tom did for that company is incredible.
It's hard to get rid of the Soviet stereotype that the Decembrists were exceptionally noble, honest and fearless people.
The apple I gave John is red.
The apple that I gave John is red.
The apple that I gave to John is red.
The apple I gave to John is red.
The Head of Chuvashia Mikhail Ignatiev called on to kill journalists.
I am always cheated on.
The more you study the more you learn.
The more you know the less you know.
The more you run the tired you become.
I am just a person who loves knowledge.
He's cool in his own way.
He may look like a model, but actually he's a business man.
If I hadn't noticed, I would have told you.
When she arrives, we'll start.
How long have you been in Osaka?
I'm very skeptical about channeling.
I'm really bad at this. Do you have any tips?
"I'm really bad at this. Do you have any tips?" "Practice, practice, practice."
"I'm really bad at math. Do you have any tips?" "Practice, practice, practice."
"I'm really bad at art. Do you have any tips?" "Practice, practice, practice."
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
The company was founded in the nineteenth century.
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?
She won his affection.
Concentrate your attention on the job in front of you.
Mental health is also important.
My father is an active person.
The doctor has to look at her thyroid.
She served time.
Do you have any fresh pasta?
Tom made some fresh pasta.
Tom used a hand-cranked pasta machine to make fresh pasta.
Tom ate ramen for lunch.
Tom ate ramen noodles for lunch.
Tom ate instant noodles for lunch.
Instant noodles are inexpensive.
Tom ate dry ramen.
Tom ate dry ramen noodles.
When you open the door, the light comes on automatically.
We completely redesigned the kitchen.
Tom remodeled the kitchen.
The kitchen had been remodeled.
The kitchen was remodeled.
We remodeled the kitchen after we moved in.
The kitchens needs to be remodeled.
Did you remodel your kitchen?
Was the kitchen remodeled?
Tom sanded the floors.
Tom installed solar panels on the roof.
Tom did fairly well, but not as well as Mary.
We didn't sing as well as we usually do.
It went as well as we could've expected.
Tom waxed the floor.
Tom sanded the floor.
Tom varnished the floor.
Did you sweep the floor?
Did you mop the floor?
I like books.
Which car did Tom decide to buy?
If Tom hadn't called me then, I might've killed myself.
Tom is somewhat older than I am.
Tom is a bit older than I am.
It would've been nice if Tom had listened more closely to what was said.
Tom had gained weight since we last saw him.
Tom has gained weight since the last time you saw him.
Are you sure that it's a human bone?
Are you sure it's a human bone?
Even though French is his native language, Tom often makes pronunciation mistakes.
Even though French is Tom's native language, he often makes pronunciation mistakes.
Tom lost his cap, so he bought a new one.
Rumor has it that Tom is going to get fired.
Rumor has it Tom is going to get fired.
Tom has a tropical fish aquarium.
Tom has an aquarium.
Tom's eyes met Mary's.
Tom's lips met Mary's.
Tom's eyes were swollen.
Tom's left eye was swollen.
Tom's hand touched Mary's.
Tom's voice was soothing.
You know what Tom is like.
Tom's mother must be proud.
Tom's father must be proud.
Tom's story isn't uncommon.
Tom is fiercely independent.
Tom's body is very muscular.
Tom's brother looked at him.
Tom's hat fell off his head.
Tom's hat was blown off his head.
Don't you think that Mary is cute?
Don't you think Mary is cute?
Tom's cheeks were red.
Tom's cheeks became red.
Tom's cheeks turned bright red.
Tom is a carpenter, just like his father.
I can't tell if Tom is joking.
I couldn't tell if Tom was joking.
It's you Tom is interested in.
Maybe Tom was just being polite.
Tom's injury left him paralyzed.
Tom is one of my dearest friends.
Mary's boyfriend treats her badly.
Did I mention that Tom is handsome?
Did I mention Tom is handsome?
Did I mention that Mary is beautiful?
Did I mention Mary is beautiful?
Tom's friends tried to comfort him.
Tom's confession was a surprise.
Tom's confession came as a surprise.
Tom's father died when he was three.
Tom's father died when he was three years old.
Tom's parents are very conservative.
It seems like Tom is hiding something.
It seemed like Tom was hiding something.
Tom's father wanted him to be a lawyer.
Tom's father wanted him to be a doctor.
What do you think Tom is dreaming about?
It doesn't look like Tom is having fun.
It doesn't look like Tom is having much fun.
It doesn't look like Tom is having very much fun.
Tom's last name is long and hard to pronounce.
I think that your talents could be put to better use.
I think your talents could be put to better use.
Don't you think that Tom is a little young to be doing that?
Don't you think Tom is a little young to be doing that?
Mary's purse matches her shoes.
Mary's purse is the same color as her shoes.
You know exactly what Tom is talking about.
What exactly was Tom talking about?
Are you certain Tom is OK?
Mary's dress got caught in the door.
Mary's brother teased her about her new boyfriend.
Tom didn't say anything, but just smiled.
Tom didn't say anything, but just shook his head.
I saw two men go inside.
Tom's hair is the same color as his dog's fur.
Of course he knows.
Your shamelessness knows no bounds.
Your impudence knows no bounds.
Her impudence knows no bounds.
He doesn't like being given expensive gifts.
Do you like going to the movies?
Do you like going to the library?
Can you read this handwriting?
Can you read this manuscript?
Tom's plan almost succeeded.
Tom's plan almost worked.
Tom refused to enter the room.
This book has been translated into several languages.
Your talents could be put to better use somewhere else.
Tom's talents could be put to better use somewhere else.
Tom was deported from Australia.
Tom has been deported from Australia.
Tom will be deported from Australia.
Tom is going to get deported from Australia.
Why was Tom deported?
Do you really think that Tom will be deported?
Do you really think Tom will be deported?
Do you really think that Tom will get deported?
Do you really think Tom will get deported?
How many of your friends got deported?
Tom is online.
Tom took the job that we offered him.
Tom took the job we offered him.
Mary became a nun.
Tom became a priest.
Tom ordered food.
Tom has ordered food for all of us.
Tom has ordered enough food to feed an army.
Tom is a nerdy guy.
Tom hates shaving.
Tom doesn't like shaving.
Tom is a skinny guy.
Tom was on the porch just a few minutes ago.
Tom has been rescued.
Tom ruined everything.
Tom ruined the party.
Tom has a strange accent.
Tom has a funny accent.
Tom had a stomachache and went to bed early.
I didn't even notice Tom was there.
I didn't even notice what was going on.
I didn't notice what was going on.
I didn't even notice what was happening.
I didn't notice what was happening.
Tom was eaten by a lion.
Tom isn't working in Australia anymore.
Tom is a local celebrity.
Tom has done some very bad things.
Tom is probably a Canadian.
I think that Tom is a Canadian.
I think Tom is a Canadian.
Tom hasn't yet cleaned his room.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that, but decided not to.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that, but asked John instead.
Tom is really interesting.
Tom needs to do that right now.
Tom went to Australia, too.
Tom went to Australia as well.
Tom has lied to me many times.
Tom has lied to me a lot.
Tom was born not too far from Boston.
Tom lived near the park.
Tom lived near the river.
Tom has become very religious.
Tom looks like a teenager.
I feel so much happier now.
Tom told me that he feels happier now.
Tom told me he feels happier now.
We need a new car.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want anybody to know that he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want anyone to know he couldn't understand French.
I wanted Tom to do something for me that I didn't know how to do.
I'm sure that Tom will have a perfectly innocent explanation.
Tom and Mary have worked together for the last three years.
Tom and Mary have worked together for a long time.
Tom has made friends with people from all over the world.
Tom and Mary hired John's band to play at their wedding.
Tom and I talked about Mary's boyfriend for a long time.
Tom was checking his email when he crashed into a tree.
Tom isn't a criminal mastermind. He's just a common thug.
I received an email from Tom about thirty minutes ago.
You didn't say anything to Tom about that, did you?
Tom would've probably given me a ride if I'd asked.
Tom asked me many questions about Boston.
I can't find the email that Tom sent me last week.
I can't find the email Tom sent me last week.
Tom was raised in Australia by a Canadian woman.
Tom took an earlier bus than usual this morning.
I forgot to send Tom an email about the meeting.
Eventually, Tom gave up on the idea of escaping.
Tom needs to learn how to stand up for himself.
Tom spent Christmas in Boston with his family.
Tom was the one who showed me how to do this.
Tom drank the last bottle of wine by himself.
Tom doesn't remember what he did last night.
This isn't the first time Tom has done this.
Tom should've called the police right away.
Tom packed up everything he owned and left.
Tom introduced me to one of his classmates.
Everything Tom told me about Mary was true.
Not everything Tom told me about Mary was true.
Everything that Tom told me about Mary was true.
Not everything that Tom told me about Mary was true.
Tom really seems to be having a good time.
Tom has a better sense of smell than I do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary did last night.
Tom and Mary have the same French teacher.
Tom and Mary had the same French teacher.
Here's the email that I received from Tom.
Here's the email I received from Tom.
Here's one email that I received from Tom.
Here's one email I received from Tom.
Tom hasn't asked anybody else to do this.
Tom hasn't asked anyone else to do this.
Tom hasn't yet asked anybody else to do this.
Tom hasn't yet asked anyone else to do this.
Tom has moved out of his parents's house.
Tom got rid of a lot of his old pictures.
Tom and Mary were in Australia last year.
Tom and Mary have been invited to Boston.
I don't mind Tom, but I can't stand Mary.
If you wanted a high paying job, then why did you become a teacher?
Tom and I don't have the same eye color.
Tom promised himself that he'd do that.
Tom promised himself he'd do that.
The best thing to do in a case like this is to be quiet.
Tom doesn't have many Canadian friends.
Mr. Jackson has been teaching us French for three years.
Tom and Mary traveled around the world.
What's it like to be the smartest person in the room?
Tom's condition is extremely worrying.
I was afraid that something like that would happen.
I was afraid something like that would happen.
Tom will stay close to home this year.
Getting the right people to help us will be hard.
Getting the right people to help us will be difficult.
Tom and Mary were in Boston last year.
How did you get into my apartment without a key?
Tom weighs much more than he used to.
It wasn't immediately clear what had happened.
Tom is the only Canadian that I know.
Have you ever wished you were a better person?
Have you ever wished that you were a better person?
Bus drivers aren't the only ones on strike.
As far I can tell, nothing has been stolen.
Are Tom and Mary coming to the party?
It's not unusual to see bears around here.
It isn't unusual to see bears around here.
Tom doesn't want Mary to marry John.
I didn't read the contract very carefully.
Tom and Mary were invited to Boston.
How many serious girlfriends have you had?
Tom and Mary go to the same dentist.
When are you planning to visit Australia?
When do you expect Tom to get here?
When are you planning to go to Australia?
Tom and Mary go to the same doctor.
I don't know where you're planning to go.
When do you expect Tom to be here?
How many serious boyfriends have you had?
Tom figured it out all on his own.
How can I lose weight without exercising?
Tom admitted that he'd been wrong.
Tom admitted he'd been wrong.
The meeting will need to be rescheduled.
The meeting will have to be rescheduled.
We'll need to reschedule the meeting.
Tom's condition is very worrying.
I ought to do what I've been told to do.
We ought to do what we've been told to do.
Tom has been a plumber for years.
Tom has been a teacher for years.
Getting rid of all this junk would help.
It would be a good idea to get rid of all this junk.
Maybe Tom ate the hot dog too fast.
Fortunately, everything worked out well.
Tom served his guests champagne.
Why did you decide to go to Australia?
Tom has something in his pocket.
What's your schedule like for tomorrow?
I've never emailed Tom anything.
I understand why you don't like Boston.
Tom went back to his apartment.
Whose boyfriend are you talking about?
Whose girlfriend are you talking about?
Whose father are you talking about?
Whose mother are you talking about?
Whose parents are you talking about?
Whose dog are you talking about?
Whose car are you talking about?
Tom has always been supportive.
Tom has never been supportive.
We wanted to go to Boston last summer.
We didn't want to go to Boston last summer, but we had to.
I saw Tom reading Mary's email.
Mary knows that she's very attractive.
Mary knows she's very attractive.
Tom was arrested in Australia.
Tom got arrested in Australia.
I've decided not to sign the contract.
Tom spoke in a very low voice.
Where did you want to go next summer?
Where do you want to go next summer?
Where did you want to go last summer?
Tom doesn't like skinny girls.
Maybe now is not the time to do this.
Maybe now isn't the time to do this.
Maybe now's not the time to do this.
Tom was invited to Australia.
Tom has been invited to Australia.
This place has really good hot dogs.
Tom studied art in Australia.
Tom is studying art in Australia.
Tom wants to study art in Australia.
Why did you decide to go to Boston?
Why did you decide not to go to Boston?
Tom showed me how to do this.
I don't have anything to celebrate.
I have nothing to celebrate.
Tom made Mary feel important.
Tom tried to make Mary feel important.
Who's the laziest person you know?
Who's the laziest person that you know?
Tom will send Mary an email.
Maybe we should've just done that.
Maybe we should've done that.
Tom sent Mary another email.
Tom said that he'd send Mary another email.
Tom said he'd send Mary another email.
What kind of jewelry do you sell?
What kind of jewelry do you usually wear?
What kind of jewelry do you like to wear?
Tom only shaves once a week.
Tom is wearing a stupid hat.
Tom is wearing a stupid-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a stupid-looking hat.
I didn't eat much for breakfast.
I didn't eat very much for breakfast.
Tom is recuperating at home.
Sign up for free email updates.
Tom doesn't shave every day.
I won't ask you for help again.
Why didn't Tom wait for us?
We've been working since 2:30.
We really need to find Tom.
The hot dogs are almost ready.
Tom went to get his jacket.
My French is far from perfect.
Tom told me that via email.
I bought this dress in Boston.
I bought these shoes in Boston.
Tom shaves every other day.
Tom shaves only two or three times a week.
Tom sent his boss an email.
Tom sent an email to his boss.
We have a lot to worry about.
Tom missed his appointment.
Tom didn't miss his appointment.
Let's keep in touch by email.
Tom has kids and grandkids.
Tom has children and grandchildren.
How many apples did you sell?
Tom got an email from Mary.
Hot dogs and drinks are free.
Tom died during the battle.
We need to get the job done.
That wasn't all Tom wanted.
That wasn't the only thing that Tom wanted.
That wasn't the only thing Tom wanted.
We need to do some research.
Tom was invited to Boston.
Tom has been invited to Boston.
We aren't taking any chances
That's not a risk that I'd be willing to take.
That's not a risk I'd be willing to take.
I need to get a closer look.
Tom saw many raccoons.
Tom saw many foxes.
Tom saw many prairie dogs.
Tom saw many rabbits.
Tom didn't see any rabbits.
How many apples did you eat?
I never emailed Tom again.
Did you just call me a liar?
I have to see you and Tom.
Where do you want to visit?
Tom ignored Mary's email.
I was invited to Australia.
Tom's cat scratched him.
Tom's cat scratched me.
I really do miss Australia.
Tom can swear in French.
I can swear in French, but I usually don't.
Change your email address.
When will Tom call you?
Where's that girl from?
Tom sent Mary an email.
I was invited to Boston.
I've been invited to Boston.
Who invited you to Boston?
Why were you invited?
Tom didn't wait for us.
Put this into your bag.
Put this in your bag.
People like Tom and me.
People don't like Tom and me.
Can you email it to me?
When did Tom go home?
When did Tom buy his house?
Tom shaves every day.
Tom sent me an email.
Tom sent an email to me.
I found that odd.
Tom saw Mary's email.
Can you email it?
Tom ignored my email.
I miss you and Tom.
Tom speaks French about as well as you do.
You know this valley as well as anyone.
You know this valley as well as anybody.
We didn't play as well as we wanted to.
We didn't play as well as we wanted.
I know Tom, but not as well as I know you.
We didn't play as well as we should've.
I hope you can do that as well as Tom did.
I hope that you can do that as well as Tom did.
I'm sure Tom would love to go to Boston with you.
I'm sure that Tom would love to go to Boston with you.
We didn't play as well as we could've.
Does Tom play the guitar as well as Mary?
Does Tom play the guitar as well as Mary does?
It went as well as we could've wished.
We didn't do as well as we wanted to.
We didn't do as well as we wanted.
She's a university student.
We have to find out where he is.
We have to find out where she is.
We have to find out where they are.
We have to find out where it is.
Which train should we take?
I was supposed to be here at three o'clock, but my train was delayed.
She is cowardly.
He's cowardly.
She's cowardly.
She's a mousy woman.
She's very self-conscious.
He's very self-conscious.
He's very self-aware.
She's very self-aware.
Mary has to hide her money from Tom.
I'm looking for a socket.
I'm looking for a power point.
I'm looking for a power outlet.
He didn't see me.
Didn't you see me?
Did you not see me?
I saw you at the park.
They didn't shoot me.
I wasn't shot.
I'm nothing without her.
I waited more than a week for you.
The park is empty.
I'm eating red strawberries.
There's a solution to everything.
Since Tom's mother had had difficulty conceiving naturally, she resorted to IVF in order to give birth.
Please don't scuff your shoes on the recently mopped floor.
For women who are unable to conceive naturally, in vitro fertilization gives them a chance to have a child.
Once the financial crisis hit, the bitter prospect of becoming unemployed would always weigh on my mind.
Many American office workers live an uninteresting, humdrum existence.
You guys don't seem very satisfied.
You guys don't seem too satisfied.
I read everything.
Will you make a little room for me?
It's been raining since last Thursday.
I want to help you all.
I want to help you guys.
Let's take the underground.
Let's go by underground.
What foolishness!
Let's take the metro.
Let's go by metro.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, anything but today, is what all lazy people say.
Tom learned that he has a half-sister who also lives in Boston.
It is easier for Tom to put the blame on Mary than to admit his own mistake.
I think that you underestimate Tom.
We moved to the Eastern side of the country.
My parents want to move to another town.
Newspapers are sold at a newsagent's.
He has no friends to play with.
He persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
He is a good worker.
He has a bright career as a medical doctor.
He would often play jokes on the teacher.
Did he use to play hooky?
He is not an idle boy any longer.
He is thinking about applying for a better-paying job.
He has been trying to get to sleep for three hours now.
He met her at a party, and it was love at first sight.
He loved her, who didn't love him at all.
He cut classes again.
Does he still rely on his parents?
He is not yet able to swim.
He became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel.
He is as tall as any boy in our class.
He is captain of the football team and is on the basketball team as well.
He was sitting in the front of the bus.
He got a small portion of pie.
He went to the city by bus.
He wants to be a pilot.
Does he like tomatoes?
He is so intelligent that he stands out in class.
He was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
He finally gave up smoking.
He was asked to appear on television.
He can't play tennis.
He is a very good tennis player.
He hid under the table.
He happened to let out the secret to his friends.
He may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
It seems that he is unable to solve the problem.
He was sent on an errand to the store.
He filled out the application form.
He stopped to take a close look at the car.
He was a witness to the accident.
He got angry at the children.
He applied for the job.
He got angry with the high school students.
He tried to climb the tall tree.
It looks like he won the race.
He saw something red there.
He got wet to the skin and caught cold.
He closed his speech with a beautiful song.
He intends to live in Japan for good.
He was all worn out.
He will be able to drive a car soon.
He will be able to swim soon.
He is on good terms with her.
He always makes fun of her because of her dialect.
He is eager to buy a new car.
He satisfied his hunger by eating some sandwiches.
He is going to apply for a job with a computer company.
She will apply for a job in a computer company.
He heard this and got angry.
He is the captain of this basketball team.
He was sick in bed last Sunday.
He can do this work alone.
He likes tea better than coffee.
He is the most diligent student in class.
He works as hard as any boy in the class.
He is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
He is the most diligent student in his class.
He is first in his class.
He gambled away a fortune in one night.
He came home early yesterday.
He works more diligently now.
He did it simply for the money.
But what are you saying? A lute isn't a guitar!
Spielberg's new film, as expected, picked up numerous awards at the Oscars.
The state has not managed to rise to the expectations of its citizens.
The basket is full of apples.
He read a book quietly, as though nothing had happened.
He needs to come help.
This coffee is bitter.
That old man looks sad.
He stole money.
See you soon then.
They don't know you as well as we do.
I was hoping to do as well as Tom did.
It went as well as it possibly could've.
You know the reason as well as I do.
Tom gave me money as well as advice.
Can we talk about this in private?
Let's talk about this in private.
Let's go somewhere where we can discuss this in private.
It's you Tom is interested in, not me.
The girl wore a cute hat.
I can't wait to try this on.
I can't wait to try this dress on.
Mary opened her shopping bag.
Mary opened her shopping bag and pulled out a dress.
Stop trying to make me feel better.
You should be proud of yourself!
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
We know the baker.
My brother doesn't eat fruit.
I saw you in Luxembourg City.
I saw you in the city.
I hope you can come.
I hope you guys can come.
I hope you all can come.
We need to be seen as well as heard.
Tom gave Mary money as well as food.
There's quantity as well as quality.
You know the score as well as I do.
Tom can ski as well as Mary.
We'll do that as well as we can.
Tom can ski as well as Mary can.
People like Tom and me don't do things like that.
People like me don't usually get along with people like you.
Tom and I usually communicate via email.
Tom and I usually communicate by email.
One woman was crying.
Three women were crying.
Tom cries himself to sleep every night.
They were all crying.
I cried when I saw how much damage had been done.
Tom would cry if he saw this.
Tom would cry if he saw this damage.
Tom would cry if he saw this movie.
Crying won't help.
It makes me want to cry.
It made me want to cry.
Movies like this used to make me cry.
I wasn't crying.
Tom started crying as soon as he saw his mother.
Quit your crying already.
Some people laughed, others cried.
Some of the children are crying.
Some of the kids are crying.
Why are those children crying?
Why are those kids crying?
There were many women in the crowd with crying babies.
I watched what was happening.
Both of them are crying now.
Both Tom and Mary are crying now.
Tom and Mary are both crying now.
They're both crying now.
It's times like these that I just want to cry.
It's times like these I just want to cry.
We can't afford to cry wolf.
It makes me feel like crying.
It was then that I started to cry.
It was then I started to cry.
Some of the men started crying.
Every kid in the room was crying.
Everyone at the funeral was crying.
Everybody at the funeral was crying.
No one cried.
Nobody cried.
You need to stop crying.
You need to stop crying. People are looking at you.
Tom and Mary were crying tears of joy.
Cry until you can't cry anymore.
One of the babies began to cry.
One of the babies started crying and all of the others joined in.
Pick a side for crying out loud.
The nursery was full of babies, all crying.
Tom often makes women cry.
Tom knows how to make women cry.
I'm not going to start crying.
Tom came out of the principal's office crying.
What are you crying about?
If you don't stop crying, you'll have me crying, too.
Tom sat crying in the corner.
Tom started crying on the phone.
What can I do to get the baby to stop crying?
Tom looks like he's on the verge of crying.
We all need a shoulder to cry on sometimes.
We all need a shoulder to cry on.
I need a shoulder to cry on.
Tom was up all night crying.
I'm not going to cry about it.
Don't make fun of a child for crying.
Don't ridicule a child for crying.
Never ridicule a child for crying.
Never make fun of a child for crying.
Don't start crying again.
All of the children were crying and some of the teachers were crying, too.
Tom said that he cried for three days.
Tom said he cried for three days.
There was a cry of alarm.
Leave me alone for crying out loud.
Leave it alone for crying out loud.
For crying out loud, get over it.
Stop being so negative, for crying out loud.
It makes me cry just to think about it.
Tom tried to comfort the crying child.
I almost cried when Tom left.
Tom looked at his dead dog and started crying.
My neighbor's crying baby kept me awake most of the night.
As we took off, every baby on the plane started crying.
My father spanked me for being a cry baby, which made me cry even more.
If the baby hadn't started crying, the soldiers wouldn't have noticed us.
Children will often cry when they're frightened.
Tom and Mary had an argument and now Mary is crying.
I could tell Tom had been crying.
We hugged each other and started crying.
Aren't those your fathers?
Aren't those your grandparents?
Do your grandmothers hang out together?
Tom has something in his pockets.
This is your chance to try this
I'll try my best to help your son
This is your chance to escape.
This is your chance to relax.
This is your chance to shine.
This is your chance to do the right thing.
This is your chance to put your money where your mouth is.
This is your chance to show us what you're made of.
This is your chance to make things right.
This is your chance to be heard.
This is the only chance I'm going to give you.
This is the only chance that I'm going to give you.
This will be my only chance to visit Australia.
We're giving you a chance to participate.
He's the main suspect.
She's the main suspect.
i will buy the new huawei phone once it is released
What colour is your coat?
What color is your coat?
This is a book with a lot of pages
I can't ride this horse
Will there be anyone waiting for me?
I take the tram.
I'm taking the tram.
That isn't a risk that I'd be willing to take.
That isn't a risk I'd be willing to take.
Mary has dimples.
Tom has never drunk an alcopop in his life.
I would never dare to do what Tom did.
He is not inside.
You can buy newspapers at the newsagent's.
She lives in the asshole of the world.
She lives in the armpit of the world.
Sylvia wants children and has harboured the thought of getting married.
Free East Turkestan!
Free Tibet!
Free Rojava!
My sister-in-law is Dutch.
I'm Dutch.
My girlfriend is Belgian.
My brother-in-law is Belgian.
She lives in Bumfuck.
Tom said I was about to die.
Tom said that I was about to die.
There's nothing about Tom that surprises us anymore.
OK, boomer.
“Birds born in a cage think that flying is an illness.”
In the third dimension you see yourself as a separate entity in comparison to other people and the universe.
“The one who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. Those who walk alone are likely to find themselves in places no one has ever been before.”
I see you.
He was given detention for talking during class.
He is not able to drive a car.
He got a grip on his emotions.
He feels that his team will win the game.
He sometimes rips off his customers.
He threw his game.
He is going to do something about it.
He held a seat for me.
He sat two rows ahead of me.
He made me a birdcage.
He reminds me of a boy I used to know.
He offered to lend me the money.
He enjoys playing tricks on me.
He gave me a pen.
He lives in the room above us.
He stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
He is scrupulous in matters of business.
He got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
He should have gone to the dentist yesterday.
He didn't have dinner last night.
She wishes she had gone to the theater last night.
He watched TV yesterday.
Did she help her mother yesterday?
He made a promise to come home early tonight.
He is in charge of this year's tennis tournament.
Does he have to write the letter today?
He ate vegetable soup this morning.
He should be here any minute.
He isn't watching TV now.
He is playing the violin now.
He keeps a black cat.
He is a high school student.
He is growing a mustache.
He put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
He has an eye for modern art.
He came on Monday and went back the day after.
He is by no means unintelligent. He is just lazy.
He knows better than to fight with you.
He got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
He showed his courage in the face of danger.
He worked like a madman.
He escaped from the danger.
He changed color.
He looks pale. Is anything the matter with him?
He met her on his way to school.
He is the tallest in his family.
He took part in the summer festival.
He enjoys himself at everything he does.
He is three inches taller than his wife is.
He arrived late at the station.
He bought a weekly magazine at the station.
He likes swimming.
He can't swim at all. On the other hand, he is a good basketball player.
He became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.
He always finds fault with her.
He is always watching television.
He is always playing video games.
He will become a good soccer player some day.
He will become a good football player one day.
He is not as old as you.
He can swim as fast as you.
He is the sort of man you can get along with.
He will have breakfast early tomorrow.
He has bought a house which has six rooms.
He was sitting silent for half an hour.
He has a house which has two rooms.
Two high school boys beat him black and blue.
He said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
He lived in that country for ten years.
He is better at science than anyone else in his class.
He is lying ill in bed.
He was walking slowly with his head down.
He is the most handsome actor in the world.
He boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race.
He attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
He is a friend of mine.
His way of speaking got on my nerves.
His hope was to win first prize.
His report leaves much to be desired.
We are giving him a birthday party.
All but him were present.
His hobby is collecting photos of cars.
Where is his classroom?
His speech was excellent.
A good student like him brings honor to our class.
Let's give him a surprise welcome party.
I had to run to catch up with him.
It is his ambition to go to the moon.
He has a talent for modern painting.
There are Polish specialists working in Africa.
Polish specialists work in Africa and elsewhere.
He and I have nothing in common.
I am on speaking terms with him.
I advise you not to keep company with him.
They are good friends.
He and she are good friends.
He was singled out for praise.
Please give my best regards to him.
It was at this university that he studied history.
Don't interfere with him while he is reading.
I wish he were my younger brother.
There is little, if any, hope that he will win the election.
It was yesterday that he broke the window.
I heard him snoring during the class.
I expect that he will pass the exam.
It was a pity that he couldn't come to our party.
Either he or I must go.
When he lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
He owes what he is today to his wife.
He is at the door. Please ask him in.
I'm going to talk to him when he returns home.
He ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
No sooner had he turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
He leads the soccer team.
Who will fill in for him when he is away?
What would you like to have for dinner?
I'm going to have you read the letter to me.
How nice to see you again.
Give me your passport. I'll keep it in my safe.
Bring the book to me, not to him.
He will paint the fence tomorrow.
The fence will be painted by him tomorrow.
That man was standing a little ways away, but he turned when he heard her shout.
It was him that saved the girl.
The work must be done by him.
The rat was killed by him with a stick.
Call up him right away.
He picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
He soon adapted himself to school life.
Hello, my friend.
This desk is used by him.
Between you and me, his idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
He broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before the holiday.
He must be her brother.
Let me have a look at that book of his.
Can you tell him from his twin brother?
He may have been sick.
That's the house where he was born.
The day after tomorrow is his birthday.
I'll be waiting for him until o'clock.
It was three weeks before she wrote an answer to him.
I haven't seen him since 1998.
"Who helped you?" "My sister did."
He fed his leftovers to his dog.
I'd like you to meet my brother.
Let's leave the decision to him.
Now, he depends on his parents very much.
He will be watching television if you visit him now.
Hoping to cheer up his wife, he bought her a pearl necklace.
His acknowledgement that he stole the ring cleared the maid of suspicion.
When I came home, he was studying.
We think of him as an honest man.
We have made friends with him.
We had him paint the wall.
We are giving him a party on his birthday.
We elected him captain of the team.
Of us all, he was by far the best swimmer.
He asked me how long my parents had been married before they separated.
I visited my friend yesterday.
I don't know when he will leave there.
I don't know when she will leave there.
I don't know when you will leave there.
I'm not responsible for what he did.
I saw him playing basketball.
I sat between them.
I wrote to him, and my sister also wrote to him.
I think that he is kind.
I thought that he was kind.
I can't play basketball as well as him.
I regarded him as a friend.
I have known him since I was a little boy.
I passed the exam and so did he.
I can drive a car, but he can't.
I met him in front of the store.
I met him on the way.
We named our only son after my grandfather.
He leaned over and shouted into her ear.
At first the job looked good to him, but later it became tiresome.
Believe it or not, he is years old.
The teacher was worried by his frequent absences from class.
Who should I meet but him?
Everyone always speaks well of him.
He stopped by her chair.
He trained his dog to bark at strangers.
The tall man looked at her and smiled.
He caught a glimpse of the driver as the train raced past.
I know the reason why he was angry with them.
I know the reason why she was angry with them.
I know the reason why you were angry with them.
I know the reason why you are angry with them.
I know the reason why he is angry with them.
I know the reason why she is angry with them.
I was going to get bigger when my grandson got ahead of me.
Tom has dimples.
Why do some people have dimples?
Why do some people have dimples and others don't?
Why do golf balls have dimples?
Tom doesn't have dimples, but his brother does.
Tom laughs when he feels nervous.
Tom sometimes cries when he's scared.
Tom wanted to lose weight, so he could fit into his old clothes.
I can't believe that Tom just walked by without saying anything.
I can't believe Tom just walked by without saying anything.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me that he wouldn't do it.
I really enjoyed taking French classes.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me that he wouldn't.
Jean-Luc's brother has five children.
Jean-Luc's brother has five kids.
He won.
He ate.
Hit him.
Hug him.
Warn him.
He lied.
He's up.
He paid.
Take him.
Find him.
It's him.
He fell.
He swam.
He fled.
He spit.
He sang.
He moved.
He waved.
He's mad.
He's sad.
He's shy.
He knits.
He dozed.
He'll go.
He's OK.
He cared.
He cares.
He stood.
Trust him.
Write him.
He voted.
He works.
He's in.
He bowed.
He swore.
He swims.
I bit him.
He froze.
He cooks.
He drank.
He reads.
He knelt.
He's out.
He nodded.
He yawned.
He's deaf.
He's died.
He's free.
He's glad.
He's gone.
He's home.
He's hurt.
He's left.
He's mean.
He's safe.
He's sick.
He's weak.
He's well.
He snores.
He sighed.
He moaned.
He looked.
He jumped.
He helped.
He gasped.
He fought.
He drives.
He cheats.
He called.
He agrees.
He'll pay.
He'll cry.
He winked.
He's bad.
He's big.
He's fun.
He's odd.
He's old.
He obeyed.
He prayed.
He stayed.
He talked.
He walked.
He worked.
He yelled.
He bit me.
He did it.
He's hot.
He's ill.
He's new.
He saw it.
He saw me.
He saw us.
He hit me.
He paused.
It was him.
He got up.
He was OK.
He goofed.
He dances.
I beat him.
I paid him.
He rested.
He has it.
He ate it.
He sat up.
He's fit.
He stinks.
He paints.
Go get him.
He cursed.
He limped.
I hurt him.
I sued him.
I pity him.
He braked.
He's poor.
He's bald.
He blushed.
He's calm.
He kneeled.
He has OCD.
We want him.
He's alert.
He's alive.
He's alone.
He's angry.
He's bored.
He's early.
He's flaky.
He's funny.
He's great.
He's lucky.
He's pushy.
He's sorry.
He's tipsy.
He's tough.
He's upset.
He's weird.
He's wrong.
He's young.
He's older.
He inhaled.
He groaned.
He grinned.
He gloated.
He giggled.
He fainted.
He exhaled.
He drowned.
He clapped.
He cheated.
He'll wait.
He'll talk.
He'll stay.
He'll quit.
He'll lose.
He'll live.
He'll know.
He'll help.
He'll come.
He'll call.
He's cold.
He's cool.
He's done.
He's fair.
He's full.
He's kind.
He's loud.
He's nice.
He's nuts.
He's rude.
He's thin.
He's tidy.
He's vain.
He's wise.
He changed.
He cheered.
He crashed.
He decided.
He listens.
He noticed.
He prepaid.
He refused.
He relaxed.
He stopped.
He sweated.
He tripped.
He beat me.
He came by.
He came in.
He gets it.
He got big.
He got bit.
He's down.
He's glum.
He's grim.
He's high.
He's huge.
He's last.
He's meek.
He's neat.
He's next.
He's numb.
He's pale.
He's warm.
He's wary.
He knew it.
He left it.
He left me.
He saw her.
He saw you.
He shut up.
He told me.
He told us.
He took it.
She's swimming.
He was big.
He was fun.
He was hit.
He was out.
He was sad.
He was shy.
He woke up.
He paid me.
He ran off.
He was mad.
He grunted.
He was wet.
He shouted.
He sneezed.
He's slow.
He's cute.
He had fun.
He cringed.
He scoffed.
He sneered.
He retired.
How was he?
Go meet him.
We hate him.
He did lie.
He sniffed.
I adore him.
I adore her.
I avoid him.
I avoid her.
I paged him.
I saved him.
He's nosy.
He was hot.
He may win.
He's won.
He can win.
He may die.
He belched.
He smirked.
He vomited.
He's dumb.
He mumbled.
He said so.
He said hi.
He's slim.
He's away.
He painted.
Wave to him.
He snorted.
He gargled.
He reacted.
He guessed.
He's very old.
He's short.
He's quiet.
He felt sad.
He can cook.
He got sick.
He got shot.
He got lost.
He got hurt.
He's a pro.
He shrugged.
He ran away.
He's blind.
He's amazed.
He's amused.
He's famous.
He's filthy.
He's greedy.
He's groggy.
He's guilty.
He's insane.
He's joking.
He's lonely.
He's polite.
He's silent.
He's skiing.
He's stoned.
He's strict.
He's thirty.
He's uneasy.
He's unsure.
He's wicked.
He listened.
He insisted.
He grumbled.
He flinched.
He finished.
He enlisted.
He approved.
He answered.
He'll speak.
He screamed.
He's awful.
He's bossy.
He's brave.
He's clean.
He's dizzy.
He's first.
He's frank.
He's fussy.
He's gross.
He's harsh.
He's moody.
He's naive.
He's needy.
He's sharp.
He's silly.
He's small.
He's stuck.
He's sweet.
He's timid.
He's vague.
He's witty.
He canceled.
He's going.
He panicked.
He survived.
He vanished.
He'll try.
He broke in.
He broke it.
He can help.
He can talk.
He did that.
You swim.
He did well.
He felt bad.
You're swimming.
He got beat.
You are swimming.
He got busy.
He's giddy.
He's livid.
He's loyal.
He's moral.
He's moved.
He's naked.
He's nasty.
He's pudgy.
He's ready.
He's stoic.
He's tense.
He's there.
He isn't in.
He isn't OK.
He liked it.
He likes it.
He looks OK.
He loved me.
He loved us.
He loves it.
He may talk.
He needs us.
He paged me.
He seems OK.
He spoke up.
He stood by.
He took off.
He wants me.
He was bald.
He was cold.
He was cool.
He was cute.
He was fast.
He was fine.
He was gone.
He was good.
He was here.
He was home.
He was kind.
He was late.
He was lost.
He was pale.
He was safe.
He was sick.
He was warm.
He went out.
He's a cop.
He's a CPA.
He's a fan.
He's a kid.
He's a nut.
He's a pig.
He's a spy.
He's my ex.
He grimaced.
He was poor.
He was nosy.
He was full.
He hated it.
He got home.
He might go.
He knows us.
He got an A.
He stutters.
He hates us.
He won't go.
He was rude.
He was nice.
He was mean.
He was loud.
He was fair.
He was calm.
He may come.
He hit her.
He hates it.
He whistled.
He shivered.
They're swimming.
He objected.
He followed.
He hates TV.
He bit her.
We liked him.
We liked her.
He loved it.
He was huge.
He's a bum.
He did this.
He saved me.
He's black.
He was next.
I hugged him.
He can't go.
He's come.
He ran home.
He's picky.
Was that him?
He's on TV.
I fooled her.
I fooled him.
I kicked her.
I kicked him.
I raised her.
I raised him.
I scared her.
I scared him.
I teased her.
I teased him.
I texted her.
I texted him.
I'm like her.
I'm like him.
He was slow.
He was last.
He's heavy.
He got weak.
He may sing.
He just won.
He just ate.
He's Amish.
He's three.
He's three years old.
He's a VIP.
He got rich.
He's obese.
He's dirty.
He's a vet.
He heard me.
He has gout.
He was well.
He was weak.
He was wary.
He was high.
I nudged him.
He's cocky.
He can stay.
He got paid.
He may stay.
He's messy.
He has acne.
He's a Leo.
He's vegan.
He's white.
He lay down.
He's a dad.
I bribed him.
He sniffled.
He's frail.
He's hated.
I blamed him.
I chased him.
I choked him.
I pitied him.
I pushed him.
He showered.
He's proud.
He's plump.
He ate well.
He's absent.
He was fired.
He looks sad.
He felt weak.
He felt sick.
He felt cold.
He's stingy.
He got taken.
He got a tan.
He's got a tan.
He fell down.
He went west.
He was happy.
He set me up.
He overslept.
He's a wimp.
He's a thug.
He ate alone.
He's a jock.
He called me.
He has lupus.
He was livid.
He's dozing.
He was right.
He scares me.
He let me in.
He's no fun.
He hates you.
We wanted him.
He's adopted.
He's amazing.
He's annoyed.
He's anxious.
He's arrived.
He's changed.
He's choking.
He's correct.
He's defiant.
He's elderly.
He's engaged.
He's escaped.
He's excited.
He's fainted.
He's frantic.
He's furious.
He's healthy.
He's helping.
He's injured.
He's leaving.
He's limping.
He's missing.
He's outside.
He's packing.
He's resting.
He's retired.
He's sincere.
He's smiling.
He's snoring.
He's strange.
He's trapped.
He's unarmed.
He's unhappy.
He's violent.
He's waiting.
He's winning.
He's working.
He's worried.
He's wounded.
He's yelling.
He hesitated.
He graduated.
He'll manage.
He'll change.
He's untidy.
He's better.
He's biased.
He's boring.
He's bright.
He's clever.
He's crafty.
He's creepy.
He's direct.
He's freaky.
He's grumpy.
He's humble.
He's mature.
He's modest.
He's normal.
He's ruined.
He's shaken.
He's single.
He's sleepy.
He's sneaky.
He's unfair.
He's unkind.
He's unreal.
He's vulgar.
He applauded.
He'll cook.
He disagreed.
He exercised.
He exercises.
He'll fail.
He's hiding.
He's moving.
He'll obey.
He'll pass.
He struggled.
He's trying.
He'll work.
I'll page him.
They want him.
He adores me.
He asked why.
He came here.
He came home.
He came over.
He can drive.
He can't win.
He felt safe.
He got fired.
He's driven.
He's family.
He's fierce.
He's fuming.
He's gentle.
He's heroic.
He's immune.
He's lively.
He's losing.
He's nearby.
He's rested.
He's seated.
He's simple.
He's somber.
He's stable.
He's touchy.
He's unhurt.
He's upbeat.
He's voting.
He's winded.
He's worthy.
He isn't bad.
He isn't fat.
He isn't mad.
He isn't old.
He isn't shy.
He just came.
He just died.
He kept warm.
He knows you.
He left her.
He left that.
He liked you.
He looks bad.
He looks mad.
He looks old.
He loved you.
He might die.
He might run.
He might win.
He moved off.
He needed us.
He nodded OK.
He passed by.
He rushed in.
He sat alone.
He sat still.
He seemed OK.
He seems odd.
He should go.
He tensed up.
He took over.
He waited up.
He walked in.
He was alive.
He was angry.
He was broke.
He was clean.
He was crazy.
He was dirty.
He was funny.
He was lying.
He was naked.
He was quick.
He was smart.
He was sober.
He was sweet.
He was there.
He was upset.
He went back.
He went nuts.
He won't eat.
He wore this.
He was scary.
He's paying.
He'll sing.
He knows now.
He walked on.
He's a baby.
He's a cook.
He's a fool.
He's a hick.
He's a hoot.
He's a lush.
He's a mess.
He's a riot.
He's in bed.
He's my boy.
He's my kid.
I do like him.
He's a geek.
He was tired.
He's a klutz.
He was proud.
He was bored.
He signed in.
He looks ill.
He likes you.
He has sheep.
He had a job.
He had a cat.
He got happy.
He got dizzy.
He felt good.
He was a spy.
He's now up.
He's a snob.
He has to go.
He has a map.
He has a job.
He had a son.
He had a gun.
