Mennad got fired.
Mennad can get fired.
Mennad needs a cell phone.
Mennad got us kicked out of that tournament.
What was Mennad's final answer?
Was that Mennad's final answer?
Mennad and Baya felt really bad.
Mennad will be there.
Mennad needs to go back to school.
Mennad came to the tournament.
It's almost time to start the meeting.
Mennad wants to hear that leater.
Mennad heard Baya's name on TV.
Mennad slapped Baya in front of their kids.
Mennad was humiliated for all the wrong reasons.
Mennad accepted Baya's apology.
Mennad is very deeply wounded.
Mennad's kids are coming tomorrow.
On second thought, I think I will accept your apology.
Attention, people! We're evacuating the building.
Mennad told us an interesting story.
Mennad told us an interesting story about Baya.
Mennad is being negative again.
Mennad is complaining so much.
Mennad uploaded a new video.
Mennad has a dentist appointment.
Mennad is a normal dentist.
Mennad is a dentist.
Mennad made Baya an appointment.
Mennad's office was very isolated.
Mennad wasn't supposed to park there.
Mennad parked in a shady alley.
Mennad has an appoitment at six.
Mennad's appointment is in five minutes.
The waiting room was really crowded.
Mennad was still waiting.
Mennad works fast.
Mennad started waiting.
Mennad was sitting down.
Fifteen minutes passed.
Mennad's insurance covered everything.
Mennad waited for six hours.
Mennad still hasn't gotten called.
Mennad doesn't want to complain about anyone.
It's gonna be Mennad's turn.
Mennad doesn't want to complain about anything.
Mennad was trying so hard to hide his frustration.
Mennad is still sitting there.
Mennad saw one of the nurses.
Mennad arrived after me.
I could tell that Mennad was a little distressed.
Mennad went there after me.
Mennad arrived there after me.
Mennad was still sitting there.
Mennad was finally called.
Mennad was so tempted to leave.
Mennad loved that.
Mennad is already here.
Mennad had his teeth cleaned.
Mennad has a cavity.
Mennad went to a specialist.
Mennad's camera randomly died.
Mennad made pancakes this morning.
The dentist told Mennad he had a cavity.
Mennad knew what the situation was.
Mennad filled out the form.
Mennad was filling out forms.
Mennad got his cavity filled.
Mennad was pretty quick.
Six o'clock is not that late.
Everyone is busy right now.
The dentist is available to do your teeth cleaning.
Mennad called Baya back.
Mennad was still sitting there waiting.
Mennad took a deep breath.
Mennad texted his parents back.
Mennad came and met Baya there.
Why is this taking so long?
A dentist finally came to clean Mennad's teeth.
Mennad flossed his teeth.
Mennad brushed his teeth.
Mennad sprayed Baya's face with water.
Mennad sprayed Baya in the face.
Mennad isn't confrontational.
Normally, the doctor doesn't do this.
I can count in French.
Tom and Mary both speak French fluently.
I've really learned a lot.
Tom was supposed to be doing that.
I learn French in school.
Tom and Mary have French class together.
You're really improving.
Tom dumped Mary on Valentine's Day.
I didn't realize how dangerous that was.
Tom became very uncooperative.
Is teeth cleaning painful?
Is teeth cleaning more painful than getting a tattoo?
Mennad hates his entire family.
Mennad doesn't floss.
Mennad got an infection.
Mennad had his cavity filled.
Mennad went to the dentist's to have his cavity filled.
Mennad wants to find another dentist.
Mennad's cavity kept growing.
This is Mennad's worst dentist experience.
Mennad is the only dentist in town.
Mennad is Baya's dentist.
Mennad is new here.
Mennad wants to say something.
Mennad is Baya's baby.
Mennad has got some announcements for you, guys.
Mennad is interested in that.
Mennad is gonna love it.
Mennad is going to love it.
Mennad is referring to transgender women.
Mennad made up a new offensive term.
Mennad said something offensive.
Mennad prefers to be called a dentist.
Mennad doesn't want to be dramatic about that.
Mennad hates dentists.
Mennad didn't want to hurt people.
Mennad went to prison.
Mennad knew that Baya was a transgender woman.
Mennad is very nasty.
Mennad sounded funny.
Some of the security guards were very nasty.
Mennad had severe toothaches.
Mennad was in pain.
Mennad's eyes hurt.
Mennad's toothache woke him in the middle of the night.
Mennad went to work.
Mennad got up and went to work.
You don't want to know the things I've been through.
Mennad was in a lot of pain.
Mennad needed to see a dentist.
Mennad needed to see a doctor.
There's a psychologist on campus.
There's a dentist on campus.
There's a doctor on campus.
Mennad has got black hair.
Mennad was smirking when I walked in.
The dentist had his patient sit down and asked him to open his mouth.
Mennad opened his mouth.
Mennad got his gloves on.
Mennad was terrified.
The dentist put his patient to sleep.
Mennad's arms were stapped down on the hospital bed.
Mennad was humming some sort of song.
Mennad was gentle.
Mennad was rough.
Mennad was stapped down.
Mennad knows that kind of pain.
The pain was so bad in my mouth.
Mennad got Baya some water.
Mennad put his knee in Baya's chest.
The cop put his knee in Baya's chest.
Mennad could hear pieces of his tooth chipping.
The dentist started ripping the tooth out of Mennad's mouth.
Mennad wasn't even listening to Baya.
The dentist was digging with his pliers in Mennad's mouth.
Mennad heard his tooth cracking.
Mennad got it all done.
Mennad was in extreme pain.
The pain is starting to come back.
Mennad has a mirror.
Mennad has blood all over his mouth.
Mennad was horrified.
Mennad was so sick.
Mennad enjoyed it.
Mennad left there at six.
Mary has her jumper on inside out.
Mennad relieved himself.
That's how much I enjoy it.
Mennad has been rejected by the world.
Mennad wasn't compassionate.
Mennad and Baya don't care.
Nobody cares about Mennad.
Mennad can't do anything for you.
Mennad is a rapist.
What are the choices that I have?
There was nothing that I could do.
Mennad is a freak.
Mennad had kids.
Mennad told people about his experience.
Mennad watches horror movies.
Mennad got into trouble.
Mennad spent almost six years in jail.
You are only as good as the company that you keep.
You're only as good as the company that you keep.
Mennad ended up in prison.
Mennad is afraid of dentists.
Mennad is the same all the time.
Baya's hair covers her boobs.
Mennad got his wisdom teeth out.
Mennad had a traumatic experience.
Mennad's story is entertaining.
Mennad is getting his wisdom teeth removed.
Mennad mispronounced my name.
Mennad did that on Twitter.
Mennad can see Baya's beautiful face.
Mennad really appreciates that.
Mennad thanked Baya from the bottom of his heart.
Mennad is freaking out.
Mennad was having anxiety over that entire situation.
Mennad had anxiety about his dentist appointment.
Mennad is already sixty.
Mennad shared all his tips and tricks on YouTube.
Mennad is waiting for you.
Mennad's new videos are coming.
Mennad started his company at a very young age.
Mennad was very independent.
Mennad was working in the oil and gas industry.
Mennad had a lot of money.
Mennad had a free gym membership.
Mennad was very spoilt at his job.
Mennad has a crazy manager.
Mennad was literally twice Baya's age.
Mennad went clubbing with his manager.
Mennad was hitting on Baya's sister.
Mennad was all over the place.
Mennad has a different manager.
Something very unfortunate happened to Mennad.
Mennad became my superior.
Mennad was extremely unprofessional.
Mennad came to work hungover.
Mennad called my name.
Mennad went out again.
Mennad comes hangover.
Mennad drank too much that night.
Mennad wanted me to do his job.
Mennad tried speaking to upper management but nothing changed.
Mennad started hating his job.
Mennad kept rambling.
Mennad was really upset.
Mennad moved to a different apartment.
Mennad gave Baya a lot of time.
Mennad can't be under Baya. She's so unprofessional.
Mennad was the problem.
Mennad can't work with you.
Mennad is an idiot.
Mennad is unreliable.
Mennad is our superior.
Mennad was quite frank with me.
Mennad is the COO.
Mennad would hate to lose you.
Mennad isn't going to the party.
Mennad is embarrassing.
Mennad stayed in his position.
Mennad is fine with staying with his position.
Go home and sleep on it.
Mennad wasn't happy about it.
Mennad tried to talk Baya out of it.
Mennad started working at a courthouse.
Mennad knows exactly what his work is worth.
Mennad and Baya were in the conference room.
Mennad can't be Baya's shoulder to cry on.
Mennad cannot do this anymore.
Mennad knows exactly what I'm talking about.
Mennad had a terrible migraine.
Mennad's wisdom teeth are coming out.
Tom was the last to leave the gym.
I like singing in French.
Tom almost always speaks French with Mary.
I couldn't accept rejection.
Tom was unable to open the window.
I can barely speak French.
Tom and Mary spoke to each other in French.
I couldn't figure out who that girl was.
Tom always does what he wants.
Mennad went for an annual check-up.
Mennad couldn't do that.
Mennad found another dentist.
Mennad's dentist told him he needed to get his wisdom teeth removed.
The dentist doesn't have any appointments available.
Mennad needs to get his wisdom teeth removed.
Mennad was really desperate.
Mennad called his doctor.
Mennad's office was super far from me.
Mennad's office was super far from where I loved.
Mennad talked to the receptionist.
Mennad can do that today.
Mennad is coming down.
Mennad got his appointment scheduled.
Mennad told his mom.
Mennad needs to get his wisdom teeth out.
Mennad's mom was worried.
Mennad is able to do that.
Mennad came with Baya.
Mennad took time off of work.
Mennad took off that morning.
Mennad took off that afternoon.
Mennad drove all the way across town.
Mennad lived in a really simple building.
Mennad found the dentist's office.
No living soul was in that building.
Mennad's insurance was still valid.
Mennad paid that.
Mennad filled out the intake forms.
Mennad filled out the paperwork in ten minutes.
Mennad finished filling out the paperwork.
What is taking so long?
Mennad himself greeted us.
Mennad came to see us.
Mennad came to see Baya.
The door opened and it was the doctor.
Mennad barely even looked at us.
Mennad barely even talked at us.
Mennad barely even made eye contact.
Mennad works in a small area.
Mennad has an issue with his wisdom tooth.
Mennad started talking to Baya about drugs.
Mennad needs to have that tooth removed.
Mennad wanted his wisdom teeth removed.
Mennad needs to get a wisdom tooth removed.
The dentist gave Mennad an X-ray.
The nurse took Mennad down the hall.
The dentist had Mennad wait for another twenty minutes.
There are no other clients here.
Mennad was really annoyed.
Mennad is a patient.
Mennad was kind of an asshole.
Mennad had to make a few phone calls.
Mennad needed to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Mennad only had to worry about his grades.
This is a very routine surgery.
Mennad was looking at me sideways.
I just don't have time to go back.
Mennad was making a decision on his own.
Mennad felt like it was his only choice.
Mennad got his wisdom teeth removed.
Mennad is there for a reason.
Mennad came with Baya to her medical appointment.
Mennad can't come back.
Technically, a circumcision is a surgery.
Mennad knows what I'm saying.
Mennad didn't feel weird.
I didn't feel too weird.
Mennad followed Baya to that room.
The dentist was getting instruments out.
Mennad has always had issues with his teeth.
Mennad is a nurse.
Mennad has been doing this for years.
The nurse found a good vein in Mennad's right hand.
Mennad started looking away.
Mennad is going to get it on the first try.
Mennad mentally prepared himself.
Mennad is gonna be fine.
The nurse grabbed Mennad's hand.
Mennad felt the needle press up against his skin.
The nurse inserted the needle.
Mennad's heart was beating fast.
The nurse was trying to find a vein in Mennad's hand.
The nurse pulled out the needle.
Mennad was suffering in silence.
Mennad was telling Baya to stop.
The nurse ripped the needle out.
Mennad knows what he's doing.
Mennad took such a stupid decision.
Mennad isn't saying anything.
Mennad left the room.
Mennad was super frustrated.
Mennad grabbed the stool and left the room.
Mennad is not talking to me.
Mennad isn't talking to me.
Mennad will do it.
Mennad called his mom back here.
Mennad will have to figure out another way.
Mennad and Baya called their mom.
Don't be dramatic.
The nurse is preparing another needle.
Mennad doesn't want to see this.
Mennad and Baya weren't listening to me.
Mennad wanted to call his mom back here.
Mennad was trying to figure out an escape plan.
Mennad couldn't think straight.
Mennad started to get mentally cloudy.
Mennad was out.
Mennad was asleep.
Mennad opened his eyes.
Mennad is numb.
Mennad felt like his tongue was huge.
Mennad's tongue was numb.
Mennad was still very high on that drug.
I swear on everything holy that I didn't do that.
Mennad is under the blanket.
Mennad heard footsteps coming back into the room.
Mennad was still asleep.
The nurse grabbed Mennad's right hand.
The nurse left the room.
Mennad's hand was swollen.
Mennad and Baya freaked out.
Everything went great.
Mennad is glad everything went well.
Mennad is good to go.
Mennad is coherent.
Mennad is conscious and coherent.
My entire mouth is numb.
Mennad was making that noise.
Mennad was trying to hide his tattoo from Baya.
Mennad's hand looked like it was going to burst.
Mennad's hand was so swollen that it looked like it was going to burst.
Mennad's hand was ballooned up so big.
Mennad's whole face changed.
Mennad saw his swollen hand again.
Mennad is not crazy. There is something wrong.
Mennad is up.
What happened to Mennad's hand?
Mennad only knows half of the story.
Mennad didn't understand what was going on.
The nurse didn't get Mennad's IV in correctly.
Mennad was honest with me about that.
Mennad is competely dehydrated.
Mennad couldn't even believe it.
Mennad heard you.
Mennad hid his tattoo from his mom.
Mennad told Baya to stop being dramatic.
Mennad is a crazy person.
The nurse got Mennad into a wheelchair.
Mennad needed to pay six hundred dollars.
Mennad isn't paying Baya any more money.
Mennad disappeared off the face of the world.
Mennad disappeared.
Baya is pregnant with Mennad.
There is nothing Baya can take because she's pregnant.
Mennad has to go and get his wisdom teeth out.
Mennad has anxiety about that.
Mennad enjoyed Baya's story.
Mennad knows Baya is a nurse.
Mennad hasn't seen the video yet.
Mennad knows that Baya is a nurse.
Mennad has been here for a while.
Baya became a nurse aid.
Baya was grateful to work as a nurse aid.
Mennad can't move at all and needs you to do everything for him.
When is Mennad going to die?
Mennad is not able to move.
Mennad started thinking about his life.
Mennad started thinking about what was truly important.
Mennad started to talk to Baya.
Mennad regrets this.
The most important thing in life is the people in your life.
Put out that cigarette!
I feel somewhat sad.
I feel somewhat upset.
What are you feeling right now?
He told me nothing, I swear.
It was a dick move.
Which is the cheapest, Lidl, Aldi or Asda?
It was a power move.
Why don't you take up a hobby?
I think I need a hobby.
Why don't they mind their own business?
Don't say that word around here.
According to the novel Agnes Grey by Anne Brontë, it was considered unladylike to call a horse a mare.
Your shirt is back to front.
I'm giving up flying.
I love flying so much.
I know you're a racist.
The separatists don't want people to know they're racist.
I know you're racist.
With his money, he can buy the whole neighborhood.
You can do it when you B&Q it.
He needs to find a hotel.
He runs a hotel in Kabylie.
His hotel is in Kabylie.
He's running the hotel with his wife.
He owns a very successful hotel.
He only spent one night at that hotel.
He's the new owner of the hotel.
He wants to see the hotel manager.
Who runs this hotel?
He spent much time in hotels.
He's the director of the hotel.
He runs this hotel.
He has never been in the hotel business before.
He wants to see the director of the hotel.
He wants to sell his hotel.
Running a hotel is similar to running a house.
He's the new owner of this hotel.
He owns this hotel.
His father owns this hotel.
He runs the hotel.
He cooks Italian.
He inherited his father's hotel in Kabylie.
His hotel is part of a chain.
He quit the hotel he was working for.
He's going to lose his hotel.
The hotel has no money.
Let's buy a hotel in Kabylie.
They bought the hotel together.
This hotel got many recommendations from travel agents.
I own this hotel.
Our hotel has a pool.
Our hotel has an elevator.
This hotel is expensive.
He knows all about hotel management.
He wanted to put his gun in the hotel safe.
I want to put something in the hotel safe.
They're wearing Kabyle dresses.
Travel agents gladly recommend this hotel.
A new hotel has opened in the neighborhood.
Who likes vanilla ice cream?
He donated a kidney to his uncle.
I spilled coffee on my trousers.
These are my Berber books.
These are my Berber dictionaries.
I think that this is coming from your inner child.
You call yourself a Berber teacher?
You have to wash the refrigerator.
You have to clean the refrigerator.
She's going through some type of mid-life crisis.
There may be other alternatives that we have not thought of yet.
We went to swim in the river.
Did you have any problems on the way here?
I know she passed the exam.
She studied real hard for the exam.
You can't eat this cupcake.
It's only an insect bite.
Even I can't explain it!
We're all out of bread.
I wonder if it will work.
Where did you put the plectrum?
Where did you put the pick?
Everything is as it should be.
There is no risk of rain today.
He's gone the long way.
Have you tried restarting the computer?
He has no relatives.
How many episodes have you seen now?
She will change trains in Stockholm.
No one believes what I said.
When a worker logs into her MTurk dashboard, she sees a list of available HITs, who they’re offered by, the deadline, and the pay.
Here is your milk.
All the food is gone.
The Lord is my strength and my praise, and he is become salvation to me.
Did you nock an arrow?
The vikings sailed in a longship.
The scullion cleaned the pots and pans.
Some ivy is growing on the trellis.
He went into the room with guns blazing.
He's really living the life of Reilly.
The two opposing armies intended to parley in order to exchange hostages.
Mobile responsiveness is an important characteristic of modern web sites because many people browse the web on their phones.
He is my God, and I will glorify him: the God of my father, and I will exalt him.
This mistake will definitely come back to bite you later.
Look at that fashion criminal wearing socks with sandals.
The driver drives too fast.
The Lord is as a man of war, Almighty is his name.
Pharaoh's chariots and his army he hath cast into the sea: his chosen captains are drowned in the Red Sea.
The depths have covered them, they are sunk to the bottom like a stone.
When you are in Rome, comport yourself as a Roman.
All I do is think of you.
Tom was very rude to the waitress.
I often read French books.
Tom and Mary have to speak French at school.
I didn't hear anything else.
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.
I'm studying French online.
Tom hired Mary to teach his children French.
That's much, much better.
Tom was with three of his friends.
I'm a French native speaker.
I didn't expect Tom to be so fluent in French.
I don't want them to suffer.
Tom worked in his father's garage.
Tom carried Mary up to her bedroom.
Tom almost always wears black.
Why did you have your dog put to sleep?
All Tom wanted was to be with Mary.
Thy right hand, O Lord, is magnified in strength: thy right hand, O Lord, hath slain the enemy.
And in the multitude of thy glory thou hast put down thy adversaries: thou hast sent thy wrath, which hath devoured them like stubble.
Tom hasn't done a stitch of work.
I haven't done a stitch of work today.
I haven't done a stitch of work in three weeks.
And with the blast of thy anger the waters were gathered together: the flowing water stood, the depths were gathered together in the midst of the sea.
The enemy said: I will pursue and overtake, I will divide the spoils, my soul shall have its fill: I will draw my sword, my hand shall slay them.
When I see the photo of my wife I took in Paris, I remember what a great time we had on that trip.
Thy wind blew and the sea covered them: they sunk as lead in the mighty waters.
Have you ever written a song?
How many T-shirts do you have?
Will you watch TV tonight?
How often do you play the drums?
Do you have a pair of sunglasses that I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of sunglasses I could borrow?
Every time I see Tom's picture, I remember how much fun it was to hang out with him.
Every time Tom looked at Mary's picture, he started crying.
Tom wasn't the one who cleaned the room.
Tom didn't clean the room.
It wasn't Tom who cleaned the room.
It wasn't Tom that cleaned the room.
Tom wasn't the one that cleaned the room.
Why isn't anyone visiting my website?
Why isn't anybody visiting my website?
Why is no one visiting my website?
Why is nobody visiting my website?
I thought I owed Tom an explanation.
Tom must be in love with you.
Tom tried not to show any fear.
Tom ate all my sweets.
I'll wait by the lifts.
I left my husband.
Mennad is sad because he's alone.
Mennad is sad because he misses his family.
Mennad lives outside of his home.
Mennad is guilty of it, too.
Mennad got everything done.
Baya has bigger boobs.
Mennad has bigger lips.
Mennad felt more confident.
What's the most important thing in life?
What is the most important thing in life?
Mennad wanted to be a physician assistant.
Mennad became a nurse aid.
Mennad graduated college when he as 26.
Mennad worked as a nurse aid.
Mennad isn't doing that anymore.
Mennad wanted to do dermatology.
Mennad lives in Egypt.
Mennad has a private practice.
Mennad worked under a doctor.
Mennad finished medical school.
Mennad finished medical school at 36.
Mennad was making a lot of money.
Mennad didn't want to be in school that long.
Mennad signed up for a nurse aid program.
Mennad got his license when he was 18.
Mennad made friends with a nurse.
Mennad had tests a lot.
The hardest part was the final test.
Mennad washed his hands.
Mennad has to take the exam all over again.
Mennad turned the water on.
Mennad was writing notes down.
Mennad wiped the inside of the sink.
Mennad cleaned the inside of the sink.
Mennad rinsed his hands with warm water.
Mennad turned off the faucet.
Mennad used a clean paper towel to turn off the faucet.
Mennad has a cabinet where he keep all his supplies.
Mennad needed two towels.
Mennad needs two towels and a basin.
Mennad spent weeks doing that.
Mennad spent weeks in the lab.
Mennad went there every day.
Mennad worked at a nursing home.
Mennad was taking care of sixty patients.
Mennad was sick and tired of being bullied.
Mennad talked about nursing.
Mennad uploaded some new videos.
Mennad quit nursing.
This is Mennad's first nursing job.
Mennad used to cry every single day.
Mennad ended up leaving that job.
Mennad ended up quitting nursing.
Mennad is back into nursing.
Mennad was able to get himself together.
Mennad went through the same experience as you.
Nursing school is so hard.
Mennad ended up quitting.
Mennad is a new nurse.
Mennad is a more experienced nurse.
Mennad taught Baya everything she needed to know about nursing.
Mennad is completely mean.
Mennad is completely nasty.
Mennad was sending nasty insults my way.
Mennad ignored me.
Mennad made fun of us.
Nursing is stressful.
Baya was a preceptor.
Mennad is gonna take the test.
Mennad is going to take the test.
Mennad doesn't want to be a nurse.
A lot of nurses are quitting this hospital.
Mennad went to nursing school.
Mennad needs to assess the situation.
Mennad was assigned to a new hospital.
Mennad was assigned to a new nursing unit.
They don't welcome newcomers at all.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to sit with him.
Mennad made Baya's life a living hell.
Mennad held Baya's hands.
Mennad needs to be careful what he says.
This is going to affect Mennad's future.
They are nice and kid to each other.
Mennad was the case of Baya's stress.
The lipstick Baya wears is so nice.
Baya loves Lidya's lipstick.
Baya's lipstick isn't so expensive.
Baya's lipstick is not so expensive.
This is something difficult to deal with.
Mennad isn't an expert.
Mennad is not an expert.
That's what inspired Mennad to do his video.
Mennad worked evenings.
Mennad had only six patients.
Mennad was pretty OK.
Mennad has six students.
Mennad was in the hospital for pneumonia.
Mennad developed pneumonia in the hospital.
Mennad was pretty much going to die.
Mennad was pretty sick.
Mennad removed the needle from Baya's hand.
Mennad was dying.
Mennad was so swollen.
Mennad pressed Baya's hand.
Mennad's wife was sitting there.
Mennad did not look good.
Mennad didn't look good.
Mennad has been like this for a while.
The doctor took Mennad's vitals.
Mennad's heart rate was varying between and 60.
Mennad knew how to perform CPR.
Mennad died in the hospital.
Mennad took Baya's blood pressure.
Mennad has very minimal experience with dealing with this kind of emergency situation.
Mennad put his head on Baya's chest and could not feel she was breathing.
Mennad knows Baya is going to die.
Mennad pulled the emergency bell.
Mennad needed help.
Before Mennad knew it, six cops rushed in the room and arrested him.
The emergency bell went off.
Mennad started breathing again.
Tom is so dumb.
Mennad knew Baya was still breathing.
Mennad is in the TV room.
Mennad and Baya went together to see Ziri's wife.
Mennad removed all the equipment from the room.
Mennad went back to the room with Baya.
Mennad knew Baya was dying.
Mennad passed away.
Mennad's body started to stiffen.
Mennad put a blanket over Baya's dead body.
Mennad signed the form.
Mennad signed the papers.
Mennad signed the contract.
Baya's husband has died.
Mennad thanked the nurses for all their great care.
Mennad's wife is waiting for him.
Mennad just kept going.
Mennad needs me.
It was very, very stressful.
Mennad stayed with Baya for about twenty minutes.
Mennad tried to comfort Ziri's wife.
Mennad and Baya are in the hospital.
Mennad never talks about his personal life.
Mennad is not a family member.
Mennad isn't a family member.
Mennad isn't scared of dead bodies. He's a forensic pathologist.
Mennad found it very difficult.
There are ways to make it easier. I'm sure.
Mennad and Baya have developed a relationship.
Mennad developed a relationship withy Baya who was a dying patient.
Mennad doesn't know how to express his feelings.
Mennad does not know how to express his feelings.
Mennad considered becoming a nurse.
Baya should consider becoming a nurse.
I'm a French teacher myself.
Tom didn't really expect Mary to speak French.
You're doing beautifully.
Tom worked very hard all day long.
Many Canadians speak French.
Don't believe her, she always lies.
I doubt I know her.
Don't believe Tom. He lies a lot.
I know Tom will try and do that.
Tom is a much better French speaker than Mary.
I need to declutter my home.
I need to clean my house.
I need to get rid of a lot of junk.
I need to get rid of all this junk.
Tom's parents caught him drinking.
Tom is a much better French speaker than Mary is.
He hates them.
I need to get my house painted.
We'll find out on Monday.
Mennad and Baya are nurses.
Does race play a part in your job as a cop?
Mennad needs to know how the world really works.
Mennad knows how the world works.
Mennad wants to hear that.
Mennad came to talk to us.
Mennad talked about race relations in Canada.
Mennad talked about this subject.
Baya is an African-American nurse.
Mennad is in the south.
Racism isn't over.
Racism is still an issue.
We have lots of racists here.
Mennad is a registered nurse.
Mennad and Baya are black.
Mennad has been offended all his life.
Not everybody is a racist.
Mennad is racist.
Mennad is a racist.
Mennad's mother is racist.
Mennad's mother doesn't want him to marry an Arabic speaking woman.
Mennad's parents are racist.
Mennad doesn't dance around things. He goes straight to the point.
Mennad bashed everyone.
Mennad has been a nurse for almost sixteen years.
Mennad is working on his doctoral degree.
Mennad is getting a job into nursing.
Mennad is a nursing student.
Mennad has already noticed that.
Mennad wants to share with us his experience.
Mennad was a nursing student.
We need people who look like you for our movie.
This is covert racism.
Mennad had to deal with a lot of racism at work.
Mennad was fired for no reason.
Mennad could fire Baya for no reason.
Mennad is talking about work again.
Mennad and Baya are nursing students.
Mennad is a nursing instructor.
Nursing is a female-dominated profession.
Mennad is African-American.
Mennad and Baya are registered nurses.
Mennad has no issue with that.
Mennad was an instructor.
Mennad was close to Baya's age.
Baya is old enough to be your mother.
Mennad called Baya by her first name.
Mennad called the doctor by her first name.
Can I call you by your first name?
Mennad is a well-educated person.
Mennad doesn't know what he's talking about.
Mennad is just as intelligent and educated as Baya.
Mennad is a senior student.
Mennad is about to graduate next month.
What have you been doing in the last three years?
Mennad is going to graduate in a month.
Mennad was thrown out into the real world.
The doctor gave the patient milligrams of morphine.
Mennad could kill Baya.
Mennad is teaching this.
Mennad taught Baya to critically think.
Mennad taught his children to critically think.
Mennad taught his students to critically think.
Mennad is intimidated of tall muscular guys.
Mennad is the kind of racist asshole who would pick on small black girls but is intimidated of tall black guys.
Mennad has been working on the same job for six years.
No one considered Mennad for the position.
Mennad was qualified.
Mennad was underqualified.
Mennad taught Baya what he knew.
Mennad is an experienced nurse.
Mennad trained Baya to be his superior.
Mennad has been promoted and is over Baya now.
Mennad is prepared for that position.
Mennad happened to be black.
Mennad has nothing against white people.
Mennad has a master's degree.
Mennad has to work twice as hard to have that education.
Mennad is better qualified because he has experience.
Mennad met all the criteria and passed all the tests.
Mennad passed all the tests.
Mennad is in the hospital.
Mennad had an African-American patient.
Mennad is African-American and his mother, too.
Mennad and Baya's mother is black.
This drug has no other major side effects.
What are the side effects of this drug?
Mennad looked perplexed.
Mennad doesn't know what the side effects of the vaccine are.
Mennad will never understand.
Mennad knows what the side effects of those medications are.
Mennad didn't do his job well.
Mennad doesn't do his job.
Patients complain about that nurse all the time.
Mennad is doing his job.
Mennad is still here.
Baya is a black woman.
Mennad read more books.
Your handwriting is very easy to read.
Mennad got more degrees.
Mennad worked his tail off.
Mennad has never applied for that job.
Laziness is fear of imminent work.
"What's the pay?" "Twenty dollars an hour."
Mennad has never applied for this job.
Mennad has had to work so hard to get to where he is.
"What is today?" "The 6th of June."
Mennad likes black women.
That's the best we can be.
Mennad let us in.
Mennad and Baya didn't make it.
Mennad has to stop.
Mennad should go as far as he wants to go.
Mennad is sick and tired of it.
Mennad works at a nursing home.
Mennad was doing the housekeeping.
Mennad is the housekeeper.
Are you a nurse?
Is Mennad a nurse?
You can have a doctoral degree in nursing.
They don't even know what that is.
Mennad had a doctoral degree in nursing.
Mennad took the glasses off.
Mennad was trying to hold Baya back.
Mennad would smile in your face and stab you in the back.
Mennad will be your boss.
Mennad has said it too many times.
Mennad has seen it too many times.
Mennad has done it too many times.
Mennad was helping Baya.
Mennad left Baya on the floor.
Mennad has got his master's degree.
Mennad talked to a nurse.
Mennad was talking to a nurse.
Mennad invited Baya for an interview.
Mennad looked like me.
They didn't have any position available.
As of this morning, the ad was still posted.
Mennad has to be educated.
Mennad was speaking to his new nurses and nursing students.
Mennad has to know about this.
This is Mennad's very first job.
Mennad is a nurse graduate.
Mennad did that there.
Mennad didn't read the sign.
Mennad ignored the sign.
Mennad is Baya's co-worker.
Mennad was my patient.
Mennad was in training.
That was so unprofessional.
Mennad admitted that what he did was so unprofessional.
Mennad came out of anaesthesia.
Mennad is the same person he was sixteen years ago.
Mennad is still the same person he was sixteen years ago.
Mennad treated Baya great after that.
Mennad has experienced racism his entire teaching career.
Mennad has stories of his own.
Mennad wanted to celebrate this.
Mennad released a new video on YouTube.
This is the bike Mennad usually used.
Mennad was very careful.
Mennad got very used to the bike.
At the beginning, Mennad was very careful.
Mennad fell and hit his head on the sidewalk.
Mennad was very out of it.
Mennad called home.
Mennad couldn't answer his cell.
Mennad couldn't answer his cell phone.
Mennad was about to cry.
Mennad was my best friend.
Mennad's mom came to pick him up.
Mennad was having a panic attack.
Mennad was all dirty.
The side of my body was all dirty.
The right side of my body was all dirty.
"Did you fall?" "Yes, I did."
What's your bike doing there?
Mennad went shopping.
Mennad and Baya didn't go shopping.
Mennad was here for dinner last night.
Mennad hit his head pretty hard.
Mennad was so out of it.
Mennad was pretty out of it.
Mennad started coming to.
Mennad just remained calm.
Mennad came home from work.
Mennad waited a really long time.
Mennad needs to be careful.
Mennad wanted to make sure that everything was OK.
Mennad wore a helmet.
Mennad decided to make a new video today.
Mennad hit his bare head on the concrete of the sidewalk.
The rich sometimes look down on the poor.
Sometimes the rich hold the poor in contempt.
Mennad wasn't wearing a helmet.
If Mennad didn't wear a helmet, he would have had a concussion.
Mennad wore his helmet.
Mennad put his helmet on.
Mennad is wearing his helmet.
Mennad convinced Baya to wear her helmet.
Mennad went snowboarding.
Mennad can go.
Mennad visited Baya.
Mennad came to visit Baya.
Mennad is skiboarding.
Mennad went skiboarding.
Mennad wore a skiboarding helmet.
Mennad wore a biking helmet.
Please wear a helmet.
Mennad always wears a helmet.
It could have been way worse.
Mennad went to get his glasses adjusted.
Mennad fell.
Mennad doesn't want anyone to worry.
Is the concussion serious?
Was the concussion serious?
Mennad was feeling so good.
Mennad got his glasses adjusted.
Mennad is annoying Baya.
Mennad is annoying me.
Mennad is taking it easy.
Please wear your helmets.
Is the volume OK?
Stop clapping.
Mennad is here tonight.
Can you say that more enthusiastically?
We're in Egypt.
We are in Egypt.
Mennad talked about his helmet.
Mennad bought a new helmet.
Mennad didn't wear his helmet.
Mennad wanted to share his story with us.
Mennad has to share this story with everyone.
Mennad decided to buy a bicycle.
Mennad saw this bike on Facebook.
Mennad found this bike on Facebook.
Baya was very pretty.
Mennad's head is smaller than mine.
Mennad didn't try the helmet on.
Mennad put the helmet on his head.
Mennad's helmet is too small for Baya.
Mennad's head is too big for the helmet.
Mennad rode Baya's bicycle.
Mennad needed a helmet.
Mennad needs a helmet.
Mennad needs to buy a helmet.
Mennad doesn't even know what to call this in Arabic.
Mennad got here on tram.
Mennad paid for the bicycle.
Mennad can't take the bicycle inside the tram.
Mennad's feet won't reach the pedals.
Mennad is really short.
Mennad is really short and his legs are even shorter.
It's Mennad, not Menand, and he's Algerian, not Indian.
Mennad borrowed Baya's helmet.
Mennad doesn't have his helmet.
Mennad went to the closest bike shop.
Mennad doesn't want to swear.
Mennad doesn't want to use any bad words.
Mennad was very rude.
Mennad was really rude.
Mennad took Baya's helmet.
Mennad said it in a polite way.
Mennad was very, very rude.
Mennad paid six dollars.
Mennad couldn't find any bike shop.
Mennad had to carry that bicycle.
Mennad needs to get home before it's completely dark.
Things can't get any worse, I think.
Mennad walked about an hour with his bicycle.
Mennad's helmet is too small.
Mennad bought this bicycle a year ago.
Mennad came to Egypt.
Mennad won't change so easily.
Mennad got himself into a difficult situation.
Mennad needs to think through before he makes any difficult decision.
Mennad bought a new bicycle.
Mennad tried to ride the bicycle.
Mennad tried to ride his father's bicycle.
The helmet fits Mennad's head.
Mennad likes this helmet.
What's this ridiculous helmet?
What's this ridiculous helmet you're wearing?
Mennad tried on the helmet.
Mennad needs to try on the helmet before he buys it.
Mennad likes Baya's new helmet.
Mennad likes Baya's helmet.
Mennad lived the best life he could.
You are all amazing.
Mennad had a Yamaha R6.
Mennad was doing a wheelie.
Mennad can do a wheelie between and kilometers an hour.
Mennad doesn't do wheelies anymore.
Mennad can do wheelies.
Mennad never does wheelies on the freeway.
Mennad saw a car to the right of him.
The car slowly moved over.
Mennad and Baya were doing wheelies.
Mennad is so glad that he didn't crash.
Mennad and Baya can do wheelies.
Mennad was riding his Yamaha R6.
Mennad was on a double-divided highway.
Mennad was doing his wheelie.
Mennad parked for maybe ten or fifteen minutes.
Mennad was pretty scared.
Mennad is my dad's friend.
Mennad didn't know where we went.
Mennad lost his helmet.
Mennad was riding to Cairo to go to his house.
Mennad was riding to Cairo.
Mennad was just minding his business.
Mennad pulled off the highway.
Mennad got pissed off at us.
Mennad got pissed off at us for his mistake.
Mennad doesn't know what Baya was pissed off at us.
Mennad instantly got pissed.
Mennad almost killed us.
Mennad was having a good trip.
Mennad can't remember why Baya got pissed off at him.
Mennad got pissed off at Baya because of his mistake.
Mennad instantly got mad.
Mennad has been driving for six minutes.
Mennad and Baya were fighting.
Mennad saw a cop.
Mennad got cops involved.
Mennad was arguing with his dad.
It was completely pitch black.
It was completely dark.
It was eleven o'clock and it was completely dark.
Mennad swerved the car over and almost hit Baya.
Mennad and Baya kept fighting back and forth.
Mennad was going to do something.
Mennad picked up a rock and smashed Baya's window.
Mennad smashed Baya's windshield.
Mennad smashed Baya's passenger window.
Mennad smashed Baya's headlight.
Mennad was hitting Baya on her chest.
Mennad needs to calm down.
This road is dark as fuck.
Mennad was going that road.
Mennad was grabbing Baya's arm.
Mennad got back on the highway.
That was the scariest moment I have ever had on a motorcycle.
Mennad is just a fucking idiot.
Mennad tried to swerve into the biker.
Always wear a helmet when you're riding.
Always wear a helmet when you are riding.
Always wear your helmet.
Your life is more important.
Mennad died from not wearing a helmet.
Go get your helmets.
Mennad can't remember what went wrong.
Mennad crashed on his motorcycle doing at least sixty miles per hour.
Mennad didn't have his helmet on.
Mennad's dad died in front of his eyes.
Mennad is fucking stupid.
Mennad's life is worth it.
Mennad has a motorcycle license.
Mennad doesn't care about Baya's health.
After the accident, Mennad became a vegetable.
Mennad is getting a new helmet.
Mennad's helmet doesn't fit his head very well.
Mennad's helmet doesn't fit his head that well.
Mennad went to get his helmet.
Mennad told Baya to go get her helmet.
A helmet would improve your chance of survival.
Mennad has a Harley.
Mennad was bitching about the sluts that work with him.
Mennad died in front of my eyes.
Mennad is still alive right now.
Because Mennad wore a helmet, he's still alive right now.
Chickenpox is a common illness in children.
Vera looked down on Sergey because he was cheating on his wife.
Who is like to thee, among the gods, O Lord? who is like to thee, glorious in holiness, terrible and praise-worthy, doing wonders?
In medieval times, empiricists were often considered charlatans.
Tom loves ice lollies.
Tom absolutely loves ice lollies.
Tom, can you pop around? I need to show you something.
Why don't you pop in for a drink tonight?
Tom, why don't you pop in for a drink tonight?
Tom became ill with chickenpox.
Mary became ill with chickenpox.
Sex isn't a dirty word.
We don't serve Kabyle food.
Sorry, we don't serve Kabyle food.
She's in her eighties and she still lives in Kabylie alone.
We do not serve any Kabyle food. This is a fast-food restaurant.
I don't have time for these little games of yours.
Daddy is in Kabylie right now.
"Where is Taninna?" "She's in Kabylie."
Will your team be playing in Kabylie any time soon?
Why don't we go to Kabylie?
We serve Kabyle food.
She has a real stubborn streak.
Who would come up with such a ridiculous name?
I don't want to watch when they take the dog away.
Would you like another glass of juice?
Would you like a glass of juice?
I've read three books on Kabylie.
You can't learn everything about Kabylie from books. You need to visit the region.
Kabylie is my region. It's located in Algeria.
Kabylie is the region where my parents and I were born. It's located in Algeria.
Kabyle is my region and it's located in northeastern Algeria.
I met her in Kabylie.
She met her husband in Kabylie.
Kabylie doesn't need any more violence.
Stop judging me.
You stole my phone.
You stole my camera.
I'll take you to see a beautiful lake in Kabylie.
I hate cops.
I hate history teachers.
I hate art teachers.
I hate journalists.
I didn't think the hotel business was going to be this hard.
Hopefully things will pan out nicely.
Tom is not fussed that he is no longer the tallest player on the team.
I don't know Berber.
I can teach you Berber if you want.
Berber sounds so beautiful.
The Berber language sounds so beautiful.
She's about as erotic as the Queen of England.
I'm gonna learn some Berber.
Thou stretchedst forth thy hand, and the earth swallowed them.
Tom forgot his brolly in the car.
Tom forgot his umbrella in the car.
Teach me a couple of Berber words.
I know a couple of Berber words myself.
He's so smart and funny.
Make yourself at home, buddy.
She enjoyed his compliments.
He's so sweet.
He's perfect.
He's so sweet and perfect.
She spilled soda down my TV.
In thy mercy thou hast been a leader to the people which thou hast redeemed: and in thy strength thou hast carried them to thy holy habitation.
You're being a hypocrite.
You're being dishonest.
I'm taking my apology back.
Nations rose up, and were angry: sorrows took hold on the inhabitants of Philisthiim.
Then were the princes of Edom troubled, trembling seized on the stout men of Moab: all the inhabitants of Canaan became stiff.
Divide that by four.
Only those who freely and correctly use compound verbs in speech can be considered to know the Tatar language perfectly.
Tom's goose is cooked.
She wrote a letter for humanity.
Greetings for every person who will read this letter.
Tom has had his chips.
First, I will introduce myself.
I don't believe in borders and countries.
I don't touch the dolls that my father buys me.
I am incapable of understanding their world.
At the start my father didn't care.
Tom is a teetotaller.
Let fear and dread fall upon them, in the greatness of thy arm: let them become immoveable as a stone, until thy people, O Lord, pass by: until this thy people pass by, which thou hast possessed.
Who wrote "War and Peace"?
Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thy inheritance, in thy most firm habitation, which thou hast made, O Lord; thy sanctuary, O Lord, which thy hands have established.
I hated French in high school.
Tom knows a lot of people who can speak French.
You've got that down pat.
I want Tom to come here right away.
French is my favorite language.
French is one of my favorite languages.
Ask Tom if he has any friends who can speak French.
I want more than an apology.
I want to know if you remember Tom.
I didn't expect Tom to be able to speak French so fluently.
You've just about got it.
Tom asked how much everything cost.
My French is OK, but not great.
Tom is better at speaking French than the rest of his family.
I want to come to Australia.
Tom buried his dog in his backyard.
I'm considering teaching French.
Tom knows a lot of people who don't know how to speak French.
Tom knows a lot of people that don't know how to speak French.
How should we handle that?
How should we handle this?
Tom didn't know that was happening.
Tom didn't know that that was happening.
I didn't know that Tom could speak French so fluently.
I didn't know Tom could speak French so fluently.
Mary doesn't play with the doll that her father bought her.
Mary doesn't play with the doll her father bought her.
Mary doesn't play with dolls anymore.
Mary told her friends that she didn't like the ring that Tom bought her.
Mary told her friends she didn't like the ring that Tom bought her.
The Lord shall reign for ever and ever.
Tom is the only person that I trust.
For Pharaoh went in on horseback with his chariots and horsemen into the sea: and the Lord brought back upon them the waters of the sea: but the children of Israel walked on dry ground in the midst thereof.
Divide that number by three.
Divide the pie into three pieces.
Add three to that number.
Multiply that number by three.
We divided the money three ways.
We divided the loot three ways.
We divided the stolen money three ways.
Please divide this money between yourselves equally.
Subtract three from that number.
A fog settles over the land.
I don't want to stoop to his level.
You might see Tom while you're in Australia.
We might see Tom while we're in Australia.
I might see Tom while I'm in Australia.
Is it true that Tom used to be rich?
Did Tom get away with that?
Why is it so expensive to do this?
Why does it cost so much to do this?
Let me tell you a story in French.
Tom is much better at French now than he was three months ago.
I want to get into politics.
It's a trial balloon.
Mennad got hit by a motorcycle.
Mennad bought a new motorcycle.
Mennad is talking about his motorcycle.
Mennad was involved in a motorcycle accident.
Mennad has a new motorcycle.
Mennad hates his scars.
Mennad stole Baya's motorcycle.
Mennad has another story for you.
Mennad and Baya understand.
Mennad likes watching Baya's videos.
Mennad was riding a stolen motorcycle.
Mennad is doing it for money.
Mennad bought a stolen motorcycle.
Mennad was riding a new motorcycle.
Mennad's YouTube videos were demonetized.
Mennad is trying to get funnier.
Mennad's YouTube videos got demonetized.
Mennad recommended Baya's YouTube channel.
Mennad recommended Baya's YouTube videos.
Mennad stopped cursing.
Mennad does YouTube videos once a week.
Mennad is making enough money to go on vacation.
Mennad is mad at me.
Mennad lives in Cairo.
Mennad comes from Cairo.
Mennad was born in Cairo and knows how it is.
Mennad and Baya are watching their favorite soap opera.
Mennad stole a motorcycle.
Mennad stole a car.
Mennad stole a bicycle.
Mennad stole a phone.
Mennad stole a purse.
Mennad stole a bike.
Mennad stole Baya's purse.
Mennad stole Baya's sunglasses.
Mennad stole Baya's helmet.
Mennad was on the balcony.
Mennad's balconies are basically cages.
Mennad is here in Cairo.
Mennad doesn't know that person.
Mennad is my neighbor.
Mennad is a neighbor.
Mennad was at the taxi stop.
Mennad drives a cab.
Mennad drives a minivan.
Mennad has a motorcycle.
Mennad paid sixty cents for transportation.
Mennad took Baya twenty blocks from here.
Mennad was twenty blocks from here.
There's a taxi stop near where I live.
Mennad could see Baya from his balcony.
Mennad went to the taxi stop.
Mennad was looking for somebody.
Mennad wanted to go somewhere.
Mennad heard the conversation.
Mennad could tell that by Baya's body language.
Mennad is a thief.
Mennad wanted to buy something.
Mennad wanted to go to the store.
Mennad bought something.
Mennad bought a bottle of Pepsi.
Mennad was rocking back and forth.
Mennad was arguing with the taxi driver.
Mennad can't drive.
Mennad fought the taxi driver.
Mennad thought Baya was playing.
Mennad and Baya are gone.
Mennad took off.
Mennad is a cab driver.
Mennad took off his hat.
Mennad was sweating.
Mennad got six hundred dollars.
Mennad sold his bike.
You do the math.
"Do the math." "You do the math."
Mennad was stealing stuff.
Mennad stole a pack of potatoes.
Mennad lived in Egypt.
Egypt is beautiful.
I will be honest with you.
Mennad caught Baya stealing.
Mennad does videos every day.
Mennad is filming.
Mennad did a lot of things.
Mennad can't talk to you.
Mennad can't tell you.
Mennad knows that.
Mennad sells motorcycles.
Mennad sat and watched the traffic.
Mennad hates traffic.
Mennad is on his way to the cafe.
Mennad doesn't sneeze inside his helmet.
Mennad's helmet is full of snot.
Mennad's helmet is too small for me.
Mennad has got an hour and a half to kill before he has to be at work.
Mennad went to the cafe.
Everybody was super friendly.
Mennad had a couple cups of coffee.
Everything was cooked perfectly.
Mennad is going to work.
Mennad is interested in motorcycles.
Mennad loves motorcycles.
Mennad knows everything about motorcycles.
It's misting.
It's misting and a little cold.
It's so cold today.
Mennad wants a motorcycle.
Mennad works for the family business.
Mennad hasn't seen his family since then.
Mennad doesn't make much money.
Mennad works his tail off.
Mennad works his butt off.
Mennad works constantly.
Mennad is such a piece of shit.
That's Mennad's bike.
That's Mennad's motorcycle.
Mennad paid for the motorcycle.
Mennad paid for the bike.
Mennad has a nice bike.
Mennad has a nice motorcycle.
Mennad is losing.
Mennad is happy today.
Mennad and Baya were smiling.
Mennad rides his motorcycle to work.
Mennad did something really nice.
It is my bike.
It's my bike.
Mennad loves his bike.
Mennad bought this motorcycle for dollars.
Mennad can sit here.
Mennad's video is over.
It takes so long.
It took so long.
Mennad posts new videos every week.
Mennad is scared.
Mennad is a rapist and a murderer.
Mennad was wearing a hat.
Mennad was not kidding.
Mennad wasn't kidding.
Mennad was riding his motorcycle on the sidewalk.
Mennad was hanging out in Baya's house.
Mennad was walking around.
Mennad was getting hungry.
Mennad ordered pizza.
Mennad was waiting outside.
Mennad and Baya were waiting outside.
Mennad has a flashlight.
Mennad heard a strange noise.
Mennad heard a clap.
Mennad didn't want Baya to be killed.
Mennad was hit by a car.
Mennad got hit by a car.
It's pitch black now.
It's really dark out.
It's dark as hell out.
Mennad started walking toward the dark shape.
Mennad looked behind.
Mennad was running down the sidewalk.
Better run.
Mennad was running.
Mennad dropped the flashlight.
Mennad didn't drop the flashlight.
Mennad walked towards the dark figure.
Mennad walked toward the strange dark figure.
Mennad was sprinting his butt off.
Mennad was chased by a bear.
Mennad was chased by a grizzly bear.
Mennad went in the cul-de-sac.
Mennad is safe.
Mennad was enjoying the pizza.
Mennad can't leave Baya out there.
Mennad lives in a cul-de-sac.
Why was Mennad running?
Mennad was repeating this.
Mennad was so close.
Mennad screamed to try to distract them.
Mennad and Baya were both laughing really hard.
It was really dark out.
Mennad told the story to his parents.
It was a good laugh.
Nothing horrible happened.
Mennad bumped into a tree.
Have you ever been chased by a bear?
It's a disgusting story.
Mennad doesn't know what it is.
Mennad was talking to everybody.
Mennad has a YouTube channel.
Mennad has a big audiencen on YouTube.
Mennad shit his pants.
Mennad was on a toilet.
Mennad was taking a shit.
Mennad was driving to a mall.
Mennad ate something on the way to the mall.
Mennad will be at the mall.
Mennad ate a chicken sandwich.
Mennad is not fat.
Mennad and Baya aren't fat.
Mennad hasn't eaten his chicken sandwich.
Mennad's stomach dropped.
Mennad has nowhere else to go.
Mennad was on the freeway.
Mennad shit in his car.
Mennad shit his pants in his car.
Mennad was looking for a gas station.
Mennad took a left.
Mennad took a left, then a right.
Mennad did that in front of people.
Mennad ran into the woods.
Mennad's hazard lights were on.
Speak to Tom about it yourself.
It's really dark outside tonight.
The moon's out, so it's not so dark tonight.
It's really dark outside. I wonder if a storm is coming.
Our country is wherever we live.
Our homeland is wherever we live.
Help me understand.
Help was slow to arrive.
Mennad might eat something on the way.
"What's this?" "It's chicken."
Mennad is eating his chicken sandwich.
If Mennad doesn't go to the toilet, he's going to shit his pants right this second.
Mennad and Baya have nowhere else to go.
Mennad is going to shit his pants.
Mennad is still driving.
Mennad is looking for an exit.
Mennad shit on the side of the freeway.
Mennad pulled over on the side of the freeway.
Shit was squirting out of his ass.
Mennad was shitting in a place in full sight of the road.
Mennad shit right up that tree.
Mennad didn't have toilet paper.
Mennad had a scarf.
Mennad wiped up his ass.
Mennad wiped up with that newspaper.
Mennad wiped up his ass with Baya's newspaper.
Mennad saw Baya taking a shit in the woods.
Mennad bought a Christmas tree.
Mennad hasn't even bought a Chirstmas tree.
Mennad ruined our Christmas.
I don't want to ruin Christmas for you.
What is wrong with my voice today?
What's wrong with my voice today?
Mennad watches every single one of Baya's videos.
Mennad hasn't seen this video yet.
Mennad bought an expensive Christmas tree.
Mennad wore this shirt.
Mennad didn't give a title to his video.
It's something that has freaked me out since I was a kid.
Mennad is freaked out about this.
Mennad forwarded the e-mail to Baya.
Mennad forwarded the chain e-mail to Baya.
Mennad is watching this.
Mennad was still in his teenage years.
Chain e-mails were so popular then.
Mennad sent the chain e-mail to ten of his friends.
Mennad was scared out of his wits.
Help has finally arrived.
Help will be here soon.
Mennad went out at midnight.
Santa came down the chimney and left his presents.
Mennad forwarded the e-mail to six friends.
Mennad doesn't have ten friends to send this chain e-mail to.
Mennad turned off the Christmas tree.
Mennad turned on the Christmas tree.
Mennad kept the Christmas tree on throughout the night.
Mennad has to turn off the Christmas tree.
Mennad sent Baya a chain e-mail.
Mennad walked downstairs.
Mennad lives here in Cairo, Egypt.
Mennad was standing in the kitchen.
Mennad didn't turn any light on.
Mennad was looking into the living room.
Mennad saw a huge figure in the corner of the room.
Mennad ran upstairs.
Mennad has to take his medication as soon as possible.
Mennad read us the story.
Mennad read every single paragraph of the story.
Mennad is so rude.
Mennad bought a real Christmas tree.
Mennad bought an artificial Christmas tree.
Mennad brought the Christmas tree home.
Mennad's Christmas tree is downstairs.
Mennad brought the Christmas tree in.
Mennad has a natural Christmas tree.
Mennad looked at his dad.
Mennad was as creeped out as I was.
Mennad was just as creeped out as I was.
The egg started to change shape.
He took an old photograph out of his wallet and handed it to me.
Mennad chose not to talk about it.
Mennad didn't talk about it.
Mennad couldn't ignore this for ever.
Mennad came on Christmas day.
Buy Tom a beer.
Without getting up, he dragged his bag across the floor.
Mennad is just sitting in his apartment, watching TV.
Mennad is subscribed to Baya's YouTube channel.
Mennad is eating lunch in the kitchen.
It's not even a secret anymore.
Mennad is craving fish.
Mennad was craving fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya ate fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya went there and ate fish and chips.
Mennad doesn't really like fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya went there to eat fish and chips.
Mennad ate chicken.
Mennad likes chicken.
They also have chicken.
Mennad went to a very sketchy-looking restaurant.
Mennad ate at a very sketchy-looking restaurant.
This is the best chicken I've ever had.
Mennad googled the menu.
Mennad was so excited to go eat at that restaurant.
Mennad's restaurant doesn't look clean.
Mennad was eating fish.
Mennad and Baya were eating fish.
Mennad sat at the table and there were crumbs everywhere.
Mennad bought second-hand furniture.
Mennad ordered two drinks.
Mennad paid more.
Mennad ordered fish.
Mennad ordered fish and fries.
Mennad's table was really dirty.
There were oil stains on the blanket.
Mennad is that little white man.
Mennad is a grandpa.
Mennad came over to us.
Mennad gave Baya some popcorn.
Mennad handed Baya some popcorn.
Mennad handed Baya a slice of pizza.
It doesn't taste like chicken.
It doesn't taste like fish.
This freaked me out.
Mennad liked the food.
Mennad's fish was deep-fried.
Mennad saw a black hair sticking out of his fish.
Mennad isn't hungry anymore.
Mennad's full name sounded a little bit weird.
Mennad made Baya angry.
If you made Mennad angry, he would yell at you.
Mennad was super happy.
Mennad came to us.
Mennad hates confrontation.
Mennad is going to eat it later.
Mennad put the fish into a box.
Mennad found a hair in his fries.
Mennad found a long black hair in his rice.
Mennad threw the fish to the garbage.
Mennad didn't see the hair in his rice.
Mennad didn't see the big black hair sticking out of his rice.
Mennad looked so angry.
Mennad said this as a joke.
Mennad found a hair in his bread.
Mennad's food is garbage.
Mennad took the fish and threw it away.
Mennad took the steak and threw it away.
Mennad stopped eating out.
Mennad ate out all the time.
Mennad was ungrateful.
Mennad eats out every day.
Mennad's girlfriend is blonde.
Mennad and Baya live in Egypt.
Mennad put the water in the fridge.
Mennad has some food in the fridge.
Mennad was sitting on the couch.
Mennad bought a stolen fridge.
Mennad doesn't even know where Egypt is.
I don't even know where Florida is. Is it even a country?
I don't even know where Lake Titicaca is. Is it even a lake?
Where is this water coming from?
Mennad's dad opened the fridge.
Mennad opened the fridge.
Water was streaming out of the fridge.
Mennad left the faucet on.
Mennad left the tap on.
Mennad was filming a video.
Baya was wearing a nice top.
Baya had her hair done.
Baya had her makeup done.
Mennad and Baya are coming back.
Mennad's chair is squeaking.
Mennad did that a long time ago.
Mennad was a little ignorant kid.
Mennad ate mashed potatoes and gravy.
Mennad throws everything in the garbage disposal.
Mennad turned the water off.
Mennad didn't use the garbage disposal a lot.
Mennad let the water keep running.
Mennad let the water running.
Mennad let the water on.
It's a simple sink clog.
This pipe goes into the house.
Mennad still doesn't see it.
That's gonna be hard to fix.
Mennad can fix it himself.
Mennad unclogged the toilet.
Mennad kept flushing the toilet.
Mennad's sink is draining extremely slowly.
Mennad covered the drain with a towel.
Mennad didn't want to mess with the garbage disposal anymore.
Mennad called a plumber.
Mennad's parents are both still at work.
Mennad tried to unclog the sink.
Mennad's dad is still at work.
Get a sink plunger.
Mennad heard a drip.
Mennad left the shower on.
Mennad was standing in water.
Mennad looked down and realized he was standing in water.
Water was leaking out of the door.
Water was leaking out of the fridge door.
Mennad bought a dishwasher.
There is water underneath the fridge.
Mennad ruined the dishwasher.
Mennad remodeled his entire kitchen.
Mennad's kitchen sink is still clogged.
Mennad can help pay for the bills.
Mennad's toilet is still clogged.
Mennad didn't expect that.
Mennad has just to deal with the consequences.
Mennad put the sandwich down the garbage disposal.
Mennad's ring fell into the garbage disposal.
Mennad doesn't know what's in Baya's glass.
Mennad doesn't know what's in Baya's cup.
Mennad's memory sucks.
Mennad was having a rough month as a teacher.
Mennad was having a rough month.
Baya was having a rough month as a mother.
Mennad drinks.
Mennad isn't twenty-one anymore.
Mennad still likes to drink.
Mennad can't see shit.
Let's go out and have a good time.
Mennad drinks anything that's alcoholic.
Mennad got home and went into the kitchen.
Mennad's fish bowl needs to be changed.
Mennad has done this plenty of times.
Mennad was cleaning his fish bowl.
Mennad put the fish back into the bowl.
Mennad's fish jumped right into the toilet.
Mennad's fish died.
Mennad is not going to lie.
Mennad isn't going to lie.
Baya is sitting on the couch.
Baya's husband is sitting on the couch.
Mennad isn't going to commit suicide.
Mennad feeds his fish every day.
Mennad accidentally broke Baya's fish bowl.
Baya's cat scratched its eye on the blade of Mennad's sickle.
He gave a deep sigh of relief.
It is my son's birthday.
Mennad is not allowed to eat this.
Mennad opened his gifts.
Mennad was probably about five or six years old.
Mennad was a single parent at the time.
Menad sat and watched some videos.
Mennad was cleaning the house.
Mennad wasn't able to take a shower.
Mennad was in the shower with Baya.
Mennad was watching "Barney and Friends".
Mennad and Baya are getting older.
Mennad took a quick shower.
Mennad went to take his shower.
Mennad didn't expect to see Baya in the bedroom.
Mennad was not watching cartoons.
Mennad is not there either.
Mennad isn't there either.
I looked behind me and my heart stopped.
My brain couldn't process what I was seeing.
Mennad had his left hand inside the garbage disposal.
Mennad was reaching over to the switch to turn the light on.
Mennad turned the garbage disposal on.
Mennad's hand was in the garbage disposal.
Baya's scream scared Mennad so much that he fell off his chair.
Mennad didn't do it.
Mennad left Baya alone for ten minutes.
Mennad did everything he could to save Baya.
Mennad got a chair from the dining room.
Mennad's son climbed upon the chair and reached for the switch to turn the light on.
Mennad stuck his hand in the garbage disposal.
Mennad almost lost his hand.
Mennad likes Baya's personality.
Mennad replaced his garbage disposal.
Mennad lives in the northern part of Cairo.
How was the train ride?
Mennad dropped his phone in the garbage disposal.
Mennad carefully scooped his fish out of the garbage disposal.
Mennad's garbage disposal is underpowered.
Mennad's garbage disposal is noisy.
Mennad has a good garbage disposal.
Mennad has a larger family.
Mennad wanted to eat breakfast with Baya.
Mennad loves his family so much.
It's so hot down here.
You don't want to stick your hand in a garbage disposal.
Mennad turned the garbage disposal off.
Try to be a little less abrasive. The two of you will have to get along with each other.
Mennad dropped a marble in the garbage disposal.
The garbage didn't do anything to Mennad's ring.
Mennad put the tomato in the garbage disposal.
That reminds me of a Spongebob episode.
The sink is clogged.
Mennad's toilet is always clogged.
Baya's pussy smelt like garbage.
Mennad smelt like garbage.
Mennad didn't know how to choose wisely.
Mennad will always have this scent in his memory.
Mennad was in sixth grade, and Baya was in tenth grade.
Mennad and Baya have known each other for a while.
Mennad and Baya were flirting forth and back.
Mennad is a light-skinned black guy.
Mennad was dating a light-skinned black girl.
What are you doing after school?
Mennad is so immature.
Mennad and Baya were having a competition.
Mennad was on a mission.
"What are you doing after school?" "Nothing."
Mennad won the lottery.
Mennad's mom was there.
Mennad worked till six o'clock.
We spread out the tablecloth on the grass by the river.
Mennad and Baya ended up going to his house.
Mennad and Baya got to the bed.
Mennad and Baya went upstairs.
Mennad was already playing.
There's a stain on the tablecloth.
The waiter put a new tablecloth on the table.
Mennad was getting head.
Mennad and Baya are in the bed.
Baya has a normal vagina.
Mennad has a normal penis.
Mennad has a normal dick.
Mennad started to smell a strange smell.
Mennad smells of garbage.
This might be a good time.
Baya's pussy smells horrible.
Baya's pussy was smelling like a dead rat.
Baya's pussy was smelling like dead fish.
Mennad's gym shoes are stinking.
Baya's pussy smelt horrible.
You're a scoundrel.
Baya's pussy smells like shit.
Mennad needs to wash his penis.
Mennad needs to dispose of these condoms.
Mennad smells like a dead rat.
Mennad dropped Baya off home.
Baya was waiting for a kiss at the door.
Mennad gave Baya a kiss on the lips.
Mennad never came back.
Baya's vagina smells like dead fish.
Mennad never washes his ass.
Mennad and I were just talking.
Mennad and Baya were talking about life.
Mennad has never fucked a girl before.
Mennad and Baya have sex every day.
Baya's pussy smelt like a fart
Mennad put his mouth on Baya's vagina.
Mennad never fucked Baya again.
Baya's pussy stinks.
Baya never washed her vagina.
Baya never washes her pussy.
Mennad is playing a video game.
Mennad woke up at o'clock.
Mennad woke up at o'clock in the afternoon.
Mennad hates waking up late.
Mennad woke up pretty late.
Mennad and Baya were little at the time.
Mennad and Baya were playing a video game.
Mennad said it a a very squeaky voice.
Mennad and Baya decided to do that.
Mennad's hands smell of shit.
Mennad never washes his hands.
Mennad is so disgusting.
It's Mennad's turn.
Let's see if Mennad can do it.
Mennad gave it a try.
Mennad was riding down that hill.
Mennad was going so fast.
Mennad was going down the hill.
Mennad slammed the brakes.
Mennad flew right into the garbage can.
Mennad was crying a little bit.
Mennad didn't cry.
Mennad was so funny.
Mennad couldn't stop laughing.
Mennad loves laughing.
Mennad is going insane.
Mennad woke up kind of late today.
Mennad showed us a different video.
So Mary the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand: and all the women went forth after her with timbrels and with dances.
He beat her like a drum.
I'm so sore.
Why do I feel so sore?
"What's this?" "A mosquito bite."
Your racket is right over there.
We want to see you right now.
It takes a lot of experience to run a hotel this big.
I'm looking for the people who are running this hotel.
I heard Tom is ill.
I know how difficult managing this hotel has been for you.
I want you to come back to Kabylie with me.
We're your flesh and blood.
Has he come down yet?
I went up to her room.
Thank you for being my friends.
He humiliated them.
And she began the song to them, saying: Let us sing to the Lord, for he is gloriously magnified, the horse and his rider he hath thrown into the sea.
He's all talk and no action.
He has a phone now.
You have to come back to the hotel with me so that we can talk about this.
Come back to the hotel with us.
Rubbish was everywhere.
We were supposed to meet at the hotel later.
We're supposed to meet at my hotel.
Tom left his brolly in the car.
Tom left his brolly in his car.
It was just a trial balloon.
It was just a kite-flying exercise.
They went to a Kabyle music concert.
We all live in Kabylie, Algeria.
Do you have any books on the history of Kabylie?
Where's Kabylie?
"I live in Kabylie." "Where's Kabylie?" "It's in Algeria."
Is Kabylie that Algerian region where everyone speaks Tamazight?
Virtually everyone speaks Tamazight in Kabylie.
Virtually everyone speaks Berber in Kabylie.
In Kabylie, everyone speaks Berber.
In Kabylie, everyone speaks Tamazight.
In Kabylie, virtually everyone speaks Berber.
In Kabylie, virtually everyone speaks Tamazight.
Kabylie is a Berber speaking region.
Kabylie is a densely populated Berber speaking region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie, a region located in northeastern Algeria, is densely populated.
Kabylie, a densely populated area, is one of Algeria's Berber-speaking regions.
Kabylie is one of Algeria's most important Berber-speaking regions.
Kabylie has the lagest Berber-speaking population in Algeria.
Kabylie is the region where we can find the largest number of Berber speakers outside of Morocco.
Kabylie, Algeria, is the region where we can find the largest number of Berber speakers outside of Morocco.
I'm Kabyle and I'm proud of it.
I'm a Kabyle from Algeria and I'm proud of it.
As a Kabyle from Algeria, I don't like bullshit.
You are no longer quite certain which side of the fence is a dream.
I'm no longer quite sure what the question is, but I do know that the answer is yes.
So we are not exactly on the same page, but I look forward to listening to the comments of the Honourable Members.
I know you are a good Muslim woman.
She had sex out of wedlock.
No turbaned Turk, no hired Venetian or Malay, could have smote him with more seeming malice.
I have been to every part of Kabylie.
I stayed in a nice Kabyle house.
Kabylie is cold in the winter.
Kabylie can be very cold in the winter.
I live in Algiers and Kabylie is right next door.
I ended up spending a week in Kabylie.
I ate figs in Kabylie.
What's the highest village in Kabylie?
I spent a weekend in Kabylie.
I spent the weekend in Kabylie.
I took my family to Kabylie.
I drove to Kabylie.
I took my family back to Kabylie.
Kabylie is one of the most naturally beautiful regions in Algeria.
Kabylie is really cool.
There are no volcanoes in Kabylie.
I want to explore Kabylie.
I spent a romantic weekend in Kabylie.
All of the pleasures of Algeria are in Kabylie.
Kabylie is a really nice region.
Kabylie has a village named after my family.
Kabylie is small and beautiful.
Kabylie is a small and beautiful region.
Kabylie has thousands of hills.
Kabylie is a mountainous region.
I really want to go back to Kabylie.
Kabylie can get almost completely covered in snow in the winter.
I recently went to Kabylie.
Kabyle oil really tastes great.
I'm looking for a furnished room in a shared flat close to the university.
I had lots of fun in Kabylie.
There's so much to see in Kabylie.
I have visited Kabylie recently.
I'm Kabylie all the time.
I go to Kabylie all the time.
I spent a week in Kabylie, relaxing.
I was in Kabylie for four weeks.
Are there any caves in Kabylie?
My Algerian friend took me to Kabylie.
Kabylie is an amazing region.
Kabylie is a lovely region.
There is so much life in Kabylie.
Are there any good museums in Kabylie?
A lot is happening right now in Kabylie.
We had so much fun in Kabylie.
I was shocked how beautiful Kabylie was.
Kabylie is such a dynamic region.
I went skiing in Kabylie.
I went fishing in Kabylie.
Kabylie is a very peaceful region.
We have another school in Kabylie.
Kabylie is our favorite region in Algeria.
I haven't been to Kabylie in four years.
You can go to Kabylie.
I own a small farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
I love Kabyle villages.
Kabylie has the third highest mountain in Algeria.
I'm really interested in learning about Kabylie.
I'm interested in learning about the Kabyle traditional society.
I learned Berber in Kabylie.
My trip to Kabylie opened my mind to the world.
I was planning my trip to Kabylie.
I traveled to Kabylie.
I'm traveling to Kabylie.
Tell me about your trip to Kabylie.
You should absolutely not go to Kabylie.
They should go to Kabylie.
I always have my Berber dictionary with me.
Is it safe to go to Kabylie?
Is Kabylie safe?
Kabylie is safe now.
If you have any questions about Kabylie, message me.
I visit Kabylie quite often.
Kabylie is a region I visit quite often.
Kabylie has many beautiful villages.
I have visited Kabylie.
I spent most of the summer of in Kabylie.
I wanted to escape. So I visited Kabylie.
I didn't tell anybody that I was going to Kabylie.
I lived in Kabylie.
I go to Kabylie three times a week.
I have previously been in Kabylie.
I have previously been in Kabylie for three weeks.
I studied for four months in Kabylie.
I stayed in Kabylie.
I have so much family in Kabylie.
In the summer of 2014, I stayed in Kabylie.
I stayed in a small village in Kabylie.
I stayed in a small Kabyle village.
I lived in Kabylie for four years.
That's why I love Kabylie so much.
Kabylie is politically unstable.
I know a lot about Kabylie.
I'm always happy to answer your questions about Kabylie.
In Kabylie, I stayed with friends.
I know somebody from almost every Kabyle village.
We're from different villages in Kabylie.
We went to Kabylie together.
I also went to Kabylie.
I visit Kabylie regularly.
I often go to Kabylie.
All of my friends are Kabyle.
I studied in Kabylie.
I posted many photos of Kabylie on Facebook.
We're traveling to Kabylie.
I asked her about her trip in Kabylie.
I was in Kabylie for four days.
He wasn't in Kabylie at the time.
We're on the way to a wedding in Kabylie.
I'm on the way to a wedding in Kabylie.
I saw a totally different side of Kabylie.
Traveling in Kabylie is awesome.
I'm only interested in Kabylie.
I want to travel to Kabylie.
I was able to travel to Kabylie.
When I first went to Kabylie, I didn't speak a word of Berber.
I very rarely go to Kabylie.
Kabylie, Algeria, is one of my favorite regions in the entire world.
I call Kabylie the center of the universe.
I go to Kabylie every week.
I love to go and explore Kabylie.
Kabylie is only fifty kilometers from Algiers.
Kabylie is amazing.
Kabylie is really unique.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has a really strong identity.
Kabylie has so many fascinating villages.
I like Kabylie.
I really like Kabylie.
I didn't spend much time in Kabylie.
I've been only once to Kabylie.
I traveled all around Kabylie.
Kabylie is full of activity.
Can you recommend a good hotel in Kabylie?
I enjoyed my trip to Kabylie.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region.
I have a lot of Kabyle friends.
I visited some Kabyle villages.
Kabylie is an amazing region to go.
It was very cold in Kabylie.
I enjoy visiting Kabylie.
I enjoy traveling in Kabylie.
When I go to Kabylie, I feel young and excited.
I'm excited to return to Kabylie.
I want to go back to Kabylie.
I cannot wait for going back to Kabylie.
Kabylie is a clean region.
And Moses brought Israel from the Red Sea, and they went forth into the wilderness of Sur: and they marched three days through the wilderness, and found no water.
Tom might have missed his bus.
Maybe Tom missed his bus.
And they came into Mara, and they could not drink the waters of Mara because they were bitter: whereupon he gave a name also agreeable to the place, calling it Mara, that is, bitterness.
I can't even read Italian, let alone speak or write it.
In the past, I was a middle school student. Now I am a college student.
I like to listen to music, especially jazz.
On Saturday, you don't need to come in to the office.
She is new, so she doesn't know anyone.
Dick is occasionally late to school.
I'm sick, so I can't taste anything.
You will know Esperanto very soon.
He didn't send him that present.
Your message didn't get to me.
They shouldn't go out.
The fight continues.
Even when he was a child, he knew how to swim well.
She asks my advice.
My father went to the United States.
Sometimes numbers say more than words.
What are the minimum requirements?
Why are there no windows in airplane bathrooms?
This card is not for you.
Do you know that everything I have is for you?
The Internet is like a diamond mine. percent of it is trash, but there are real gems if you can find them.
I'm scared of going near the cemetery.
Maria doesn't like it when her parents insist that she return before midnight.
You sent bread from your bakery.
I've already sold it.
Those pants are not cool; they are as ugly as they are uncomfortable.
It's important to sleep at least seven hours every night.
And the people murmured against Moses, saying: What shall we drink?
I'm looking at the sky because I like to watch the clouds.
It's better not to go there.
Naoko returned to Japan.
But he cried to the Lord, and he shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, they were turned into sweetness.
He wrote a letter to humanity.
He has no common sense whatsoever.
There he appointed him ordinances, and judgments, and there he proved him, saying: If thou wilt hear the voice of the Lord thy God, and do what is right before him, and obey his commandments, and keep all his precepts, none of the evils that I laid upon Egypt, will I bring upon thee: for I am the Lord thy healer.
And the children of Israel came into Elim, where there were twelve fountains of water, and seventy palm trees: and they encamped by the waters.
Who did Tom escape with?
Tom didn't order anything to drink.
French is a fascinating language.
Tom is better at speaking French than anyone else in the office.
Tom is better at speaking French than anybody else in the office.
You got here just in time.
Tom didn't tell any of his friends.
I listen to audiobooks in French.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I didn't understand anything.
I want to go there tomorrow.
Tom doesn't really do that anymore.
Only some of us can speak French.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I didn't understand a word they were saying.
You outdid yourself today.
Tom explained what really happened.
I hope to become fluent in French.
I want to learn how to draw.
I know a lot of people who can't speak French.
I need to declutter my house.
That's something I don't know anything about.
That's something I know nothing about.
That's something that I don't know anything about.
That's something that I know nothing about.
Tom tried to hit me yesterday.
Tom hit me last night.
Tom got sprayed by a skunk.
There are a lot of skunks around here.
Why are there so many skunks around here?
You're not going to shoot me, are you?
I want a book in French.
There is no use crying over spilt milk.
Tom always says what's on his mind.
Tom is still my boyfriend.
Even though Tom betrayed me, he's still my brother.
I thought you'd read my CV.
I thought you had read my CV.
I thought you'd read my résumé.
I thought you had read my résumé.
At first glance, the question seems simple.
There was no point in arguing with Tom about that point.
There was no point in arguing with Tom at that time.
Tom was lucky to have had a French teacher who was a native speaker.
I'm looking for a French teacher who is a native speaker.
I'd rather study French with a native speaker.
My first French teacher wasn't a native speaker.
This apple is very delicious.
They're always dissatisfied.
Your car is really dirty.
Tom's not a racist.
What you just said is irrelevant.
What you just said isn't relevant.
Your seat is over there.
You're supposed to sit over there.
That plan is unlikely to work.
Your comments were disgusting.
What you said was disgusting.
Your French has really improved.
Your French has gotten a lot better.
You have a really nice house.
You have messy handwriting.
Your safety isn't our responsibility.
Your garage is on fire.
Tom was the one who told me about it.
Tom was the one that told me about it.
Your advice has been really helpful.
Your advice has been very helpful.
Your answer is still not correct.
Your answer is still wrong.
My bike is much older than yours.
You don't need to attend.
You don't need to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Your parents adore me.
Your French is flawless.
Mennad had a nose job at sixteen.
Mennad had a nose job at 16.
Why did Mennad have a nose job?
Mennad wants a nose job.
Mennad is shooting a video from his office.
Mennad talked about his nose job.
Mennad is shooting a video.
Mennad is sharing so much with Baya.
Mennad never told Baya about his nose job.
Mennad never talked about his nose job.
Mennad had a weird obsession with his nose.
Mennad's nose isn't that big.
Mennad's nose is not that big.
Mennad's nose is terrible.
Your French is awesome already.
Mennad's nose is so small.
Mennad hates his nose.
Your French is really good already.
Mennad thinks his nose it terrible.
Mennad had a lot of complexes about himself.
Mennad had a complex about his nose.
Mennad has always hated his nose.
Mennad has a bent nose.
Mennad hates his bent nose.
Mennad was never good at anything.
Mennad was never good at anything else.
Mennad started fixating on the way he looked.
Mennad was an amazing role model.
Mennad was proud of his freckles.
Mennad was proud of his wrinkles.
Mennad was proud of his nose.
Mennad was proud of his hair.
Mennad was proud of his piercings.
Mennad was proud of the color of his eyes.
Mennad talked about his online life.
Mennad did plastic surgery.
Mennad was insecure about his nose.
Mennad took photos of Baya.
Mennad looked up.
Mennad's mind was fixated on Baya.
Mennad has six daughters.
Baya and Lidya are so pretty.
Baya is just pretty.
Mennad gave Baya confidence and self-esteem.
Mennad had a daughter.
Mennad and Baya had a girl.
Mennad's daughter looks pretty.
Baya was discovered as a model in 2006.
Mennad doesn't believe in himself enough to do that.
Baya wanted to be a model.
A nose job isn't a big deal.
A nose job is not a big deal.
Mennad's nose job cost him a lot.
Mennad was still the same boy.
Mennad was still insecure.
Mennad doesn't know where he belongs.
Baya was still the same girl.
Baya was modeling.
Mennad was standing, looking at me.
Mennad is talking about me.
Mennad is still so insecure.
The world doesn't revolve around Mennad.
Mennad is not tall enough.
Mennad isn't tall enough.
Mennad is not strong enough.
Mennad isn't strong enough.
Make sure you don't do that by yourselves.
Mennad is not rich enough.
Mennad isn't rich enough.
Make sure that you don't hurt yourselves.
Mennad was having pictures taken.
Mennad was talking about Baya.
Mennad is not fat enough.
Mennad is not skinny enough.
Mennad isn't fat enough.
Mennad isn't skinny enough.
What are the things you love about yourself?
What are the things you love about Mennad?
Mennad had a small nose.
Mennad got his lips done.
Mennad has huge lips.
Mennad was still lost in the world.
Mennad was traveling a lot.
Mennad traveled a lot around the world for work.
Mennad was a little depressed.
Mennad started redifining who he was.
Mennad was away from his friends.
Mennad was exposed to so many experiences.
Mennad talked about self-love.
Mennad got his nose fixed.
Mennad had to figure out who he was.
Mennad had his nose fixed.
Mennad is such a liar.
Mennad is such a fake.
Mennad thanked Baya so much for her e-mail.
Mennad talked about his personal experience.
Mennad has the right to speak about this whenever he feels the need to.
Mennad doesn't understand this concept.
Mennad was a model.
Baya is one of the most beautiful women that I have ever met in my life.
It's something personal.
Mennad never thought about it that way.
Mennad never lied about that.
Mennad never thought about doing this.
Mennad feels insecure about his body.
Mennad is not against change.
Mennad's decision could hurt his life.
You don't have an excuse today.
Mennad considered having a nose job.
Mennad considered getting a nose job.
If I knew then what I know now, I wouldn't have done that.
Mennad did a new video.
Mennad asked a lot of questions.
Mennad is here to answer all your questions.
Mennad answered some of Baya's questions.
Mennad is going to make a video.
Mennad doesn't know anything about me at all.
Mennad has got a nose job.
Mennad commented on Baya's video without even watching it.
Don't watch this video.
Mennad got plastic surgery.
Mennad wants to do this.
Mennad advocates for that.
Mennad's surgery completely changed his life.
Mennad watched this.
Baya is a fake bitch.
Mennad is responsible for his own choices.
Mennad should watch this video.
Mennad should get plastic surgery.
Mennad wanted to get plastic surgery.
Mennad's plastic surgery changed his life.
Mennad has the means to do that.
Your brother won't buy it.
Mennad never comments on Baya's videos.
Mennad is going to grow up and be a doctor.
Mennad got the idea to get plastic surgery.
Mennad went to five separate middle schools.
Mennad is being bullied a lot.
Mennad is ugly.
Mennad started researching nose jobs.
Mennad is an impressionable preteen.
Mennad wanted to fix his nose.
Mennad wanted to have a smaller nose.
Mennad did everything to thin his nose out.
Mennad was receiving hateful comments.
Mennad was receiving threatening messages.
Mennad messed his hair up.
Mennad looked in the mirror.
Mennad looks bad.
Mennad has dark brown hair.
Baya wanted to make her face look slimmer.
Mennad noticed that.
Baya started bawling.
Mennad's mom drove him back home.
Mennad was hysterically crying.
Mennad hated himself so much.
Mennad grabbed Baya's nose and made fun of it.
What ethnicity are you?
Mennad's race is a little ambiguous.
Mennad's father is white.
Mennad is Hispanic.
Judaism is a religion.
Did your family die in the Holocaust?
Mennad was shouting at me.
Mennad was sending Baya anonymous messages.
Mennad's self-confidence was so incredibly low.
Mennad has naturally curly hair.
Mennad started making fun of Baya's hair.
Mennad can't get a nose job until he's at least sixteen.
Mennad has to understand that.
Baya came home from school crying hysterically.
Mennad was looking at Baya strange.
Mennad couldn't leave his home.
Mennad was so used to being laughed at all the time.
Mennad deleted every picture of Baya.
Mennad is cute.
Mennad turned sixteen.
Mennad went to the consultation.
This is Mennad's sixth consultation this year.
A nose job could cost you six thousand dollars in this country.
Mennad didn't have the money.
Baya did her makeup.
Mennad went six thousand dollars into debt for that.
Mennad wanted to save his daughter's life.
Mennad canceled his appointment.
Mennad ended up canceling his appoitment.
Mennad can do this in six days.
Mennad went in for surgery.
Mennad was over sixteen.
Am I beautiful?
Mennad was so crushed.
Am I OK?
Mennad tried to provide as much information as possible.
Mennad's nose was very swollen.
The doctor attached cotton strips to the bottom of Mennad's nose to stop the bleeding.
Mennad's nose didn't fit his nose.
Mennad's nostrils have always been uneven.
Mennad turned this way.
Mennad turned that way.
Mennad turned to the side.
Mennad turned to the other side.
Baya posted a picture of her without makeup.
Mennad's lips look bigger in this picture.
Mennad has a big upper lip.
Mennad got his cast removed.
Mennad's leg was very swollen.
Mennad was crying so much.
Mennad's upper lip was swollen.
Mennad's lips were swollen and he couldn't smile at all.
Mennad's lips hurt so bad.
Mennad switched high schools.
Mennad didn't have the money to send his kids to a private school.
Mennad had a large nose.
Mennad had a big nose.
Mennad started talking about this.
Everyone hated Mennad.
became the worst year of Mennad's life.
Mennad knows now.
Now Mennad knows.
Mennad supported Baya through this.
Mennad's parents supported him through this.
Mennad is very open about this.
Mennad couldn't do his homework.
Mennad is a very approachable person.
Mennad is a very nice person.
I'm a very approachable person. You can come talk to me.
Mennad had plastic surgery.
Why is plastic surgery considered so bad?
Mennad is a cosmetic dentist.
Mennad complained about this.
Mennad is beautiful.
Mennad is great and beautiful.
Mennad had some questions for Baya.
They're really incredible.
Mennad explained to us how he broke his nose.
Mennad explained to us the surgery process that he went through.
Mennad gave us all the details about what happened to him.
Mennad fell on Baya's face and broke her nose.
Mennad broke his nose.
Mennad fell down on Baya's face and broke her nose.
Mennad never went through that much pain.
Mennad was in Egypt and his family was in Algeria.
Mennad was practising.
Mennad got hit in the face.
Baya broke her nose.
Mennad had his nose checked out.
Mennad went to the hospital to have his nose checked out.
Mennad was with me in the hospital.
Mennad's broken nose needs to be re-broken and fixed.
The doctor told Mennad that his nose needed to be re-broken and fixed.
Mennad is not qualified to do this.
Mennad isn't qualified to do this.
Mennad got his X-ray.
Mennad was babysitting for Baya's family.
Baya was babysitting Mennad's kids.
Mennad and Baya saved my life.
Mennad recommended Baya a doctor in Cairo.
Mennad found a good doctor.
Mennad had no money because he was a college student.
This is the week of finals in my college.
Mennad needed to take that class.
Mennad had to retake the course.
Mennad and Baya failed the test.
Baya doesn't date people.
Baya was dating a guy.
Baya's boyfriend broke up with her.
Mennad studies in a small school.
Welcome to my life, sweetheart.
Mennad has just moved to Egypt.
Mennad knows the doctor.
Mennad ended up going back to Egypt.
Mennad is taking finals.
Mennad can't move his finals.
They won't let me move my finals.
Mennad had all his hard finals on Friday.
Mennad finished his finals.
Mennad had to go back to Egypt.
Mennad flew to Egypt.
Mennad had to move back to Egypt.
Mennad flew to Egypt and his mother flew to Canada.
Mennad has to have surgery.
Nose surgery is very expensive.
Mennad didn't want to have his nose surgery in Canada because it was very expensive.
Mennad's insurance works only in the state of Florida.
Mennad can do his surgery in Egypt.
Mennad's insurance doesn't cover that type of surgery.
Mennad just left his nose broken.
Mennad was in Egypt.
Mennad had to travel to Egypt.
It was freezing cold out.
Mennad can't go to Cairo by himself from Alexandria.
Mennad had his wisdom tooth removed.
Mennad was going to have a lot of problems.
Mennad hates having surgery.
They put Mennad in this room.
Mennad relaxed.
Mennad calmed down.
Mennad is wearing a ring.
Mennad was in the operating room.
The operating room was so intimidating.
The operating room was so scary.
Mennad woke up in a hospital room.
Mennad cried.
Mennad was trying so hard not to cry.
Mennad slowly woke up.
Mennad was cold.
Mennad was shivering.
Can I have a blanket?
Mennad paid no attention to me.
Mennad was so cold.
Mennad put Baya in a wheelchair.
Mennad was wearing his warm clothes.
Mennad wanted to leave.
Mennad will send us some photos of his dog.
Mennad had to wear that cast for six months.
The doctor stuffed cotton in Mennad's nose.
Mennad could not breathe.
Mennad has to mouth-breathe.
Mennad couldn't breathe properly.
Mennad had his nose covered.
Mennad sat up when he slept.
Mennad had to sit up when he slept.
Mennad wasn't able to breathe.
Mennad slept there every night.
Mennad slept on that couch.
Mennad had to do that.
Mennad had a black eye.
Mennad had a black eye at school.
Mennad e-mailed his parents.
Mennad is in a Catholic school.
Mennad broke his nose and has to get surgery.
Mennad's nose surgery is very expensive.
Mennad broke a bone.
Mennad broke my nose.
Mennad can get addicted to that drug.
This is way more painful.
Mennad shattered all the bones of his nose.
Mennad's nose was shattered.
Mennad's nose needs to be rebuilt.
This entire part of Mennad's nose is shattered and needs to be rebuilt.
Tom figured that he had to do that.
Tom figured he had to do that.
I taught French for several years.
Just a few boys were there.
Only a few boys were there.
Tom had a good night at the casino.
Tom won a lot of money at the casino.
I'm quite comfortable with French.
I'm quite comfortable speaking French.
I want to learn how to knit.
I want to learn to knit.
Tom has already introduced himself.
Only a few of us can speak French.
Just a few of us can speak French.
Tom has been getting drunk at work.
Tom has been drinking on the job.
My great-grandparents spoke French.
Mennad is going to Egypt.
Mennad went to Egypt last year.
Mennad is going to Egypt this year.
Mennad went to the city of Alexandria.
Mennad has a leather jacket.
Mennad's leather jacket is sixty dollars.
Mennad bought a sixty-dollar leather jacket.
Mennad went to look for a cheap leather jacket.
Mennad bargained the leather jacket down to sixty dollars.
Mennad was convinced he could do it.
They're thorough.
Mennad went to a farmers' market.
Mennad went to a flea market.
Mennad sold me a leather jacket for sixty dollars.
Mennad got the leather jacket for sixty dollars.
Mennad shouldn't have trusted that me.
Mennad followed that man.
He started to worry.
Mennad was a very thin man.
They've stalled the engine.
Mennad followed that guy.
Mennad shouldn't have followed that guy.
Mennad shouldn't have followed that man.
Mennad sat on that little couch.
This leather jacket looks cute.
Mennad's jacket looks cute.
Mennad was just a naive Canadian tourist.
Mennad loved the jacket.
Mennad is aware.
Mennad went behind the curtain.
Mennad stole a leather jacket.
Mennad gave Baya her jacket.
Mennad handed Baya her jacket.
Mennad stole this jacket from a supermarket.
They're too picky.
Mennad got this jacket for sixty dollars.
Mennad can't find the person who sold him that jacket.
Mennad was asking around.
Mennad saw the jacket.
Mennad read the label.
Mennad read the tag.
Mennad's jacket is made in Egypt.
Mennad was walking and walking until he found that store.
Mennad was talking to the guy who was behind the counter.
Mennad wanted to get another jacket.
They have no idea.
It was dead silent. You could hear a pin drop.
This is my jacket.
Mennad's jacket has his name on it.
Mennad broke into Baya's store and stole a camera.
Mennad was wearing a jacket.
Mennad was wearing a leather jacket.
Mennad was wearing a stolen jacket.
Mennad got a stolen jacket at sixty dollars.
Mennad stole a jacket and sold it to Baya.
Mennad sold Baya a stolen jacket.
Mennad was standing in the store alone.
Mennad was back.
Mennad gave Baya a jacket.
Mennad and Baya need to go.
Mennad is tired.
Mennad is really tired.
Mennad knew about this plan.
Mennad shot.
Everyone was looking at Mennad.
Mennad will never believe this.
Mennad has been following Baya all the way down the market.
Mennad turned around.
Mennad found the store.
Mennad is the store owner.
Mennad is not from Egypt.
Mennad doesn't understand how it happened.
Mennad's jacket is so cute.
Mennad's jacket is really nice.
Mennad's jacket is the cutest.
Mennad bought an expensive leather jacket.
Mennad will be in Egypt next year.
Mennad has finished making his last video.
Mennad briefly talked about this.
Mennad went to the concert.
Mennad was behind me.
Mennad wasn't in the mood to watch that show.
Mennad watched Baya's performance.
Mennad likes Baya's vest.
Mennad likes Baya's jacket.
Mennad's jacket has a nice back patch.
Mennad was really drunk.
Mennad sold Baya a jacket.
Mennad felt Baya touching him again.
Mennad was kicked out of the concert.
Mennad was kicked out of the show.
Mennad was kicked out of the nightclub.
Mennad kicked out of the club.
Mennad was yelling at the top of his lungs to that guy.
Mennad doesn't remember exactly what he told Baya.
Mennad explained the whole situation to the security guards.
Mennad hugged Baya for a minute.
Mennad took his vest off.
Mennad went to talk to a security guard.
Mennad snuck a pocket knife in his boot.
Mennad has a pocket knife.
Mennad uses too much thread when he sews.
Mennad sewed a patch on his jacket.
Mennad sewed a patch on the back of his jacket.
In Egypt, it happens all the time.
In Egypt, this happens all the time.
Mennad is wearing a jacket.
Mennad is wearing his vest.
Mennad is wearing a vest.
Mennad was wearing the vest.
Mennad is still really pissed.
Mennad went to the festival.
Why hasn't NASA gone back to the moon?
This is Mennad's first YouTube video.
This is a true story that actually happened to Mennad.
Many of you have already heard this story.
Let's get into the story.
Mennad wanted to get involved.
Mennad was a freshman.
Mennad was a freshman in college.
Mennad was in college.
Mennad looked at the flag.
Mennad read the flyer.
Mennad handed Baya a flyer.
Mennad is on our step team.
Mennad didn't teach me any of this.
They didn't teach us any of this in high school.
Mennad was selling Nike apparel.
How much for this jacket?
Mennad wanted to buy a jacket.
Mennad took my money.
Mennad took the jacket.
Mennad stole Baya's jacket.
Mennad doesn't know what these symbols mean.
Mennad bought a stolen jacket.
Mennad needs to take that jacket off.
Mennad got back to his room.
Mennad is a good guy.
Mennad walked into the building with that Neo-Nazi jacket on.
Mennad walked into the room with that KKK jacket on.
Mennad asked Baya to take her jacket off.
Mennad told Baya to take her jacket off.
Mennad bought a Confederate flag.
Mennad took the jacket off.
Mennad took that jacket off.
Mennad got a KKK jacket.
Mennad was wearing a KKK jacket.
Mennad didn't think anything of it.
Mennad had to walk past those guys again.
Mennad had no idea.
Mennad had no clue.
Mennad probably thought Baya was from the KKK.
Mennad was walking by.
Mennad saw me.
Mennad was pissed off.
Mennad is taller than me.
Mennad's dog started to bark.
Mennad could see Baya.
Mennad picked up the pace and kept moving.
Mennad was following me.
Mennad was chasing Baya.
I need to return this jacket.
We don't do refunds.
My heart dropped into my ass.
Mennad immediately started bawling.
Mennad is not from the KKK.
Mennad went back to his manager.
Mennad gave me my money back.
Mennad walked his ass back to his dorm and never went back there.
Mennad walked his ass back to his car and never came back.
Mennad walked his ass back to his table and never came back to bother us.
Mennad bought that jacket to support the Palestinians.
I don't know who that guy was.
Mennad doesn't know who that guy was.
Your likes and comments keep me going.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask. I'll answer.
I want to learn everything about Japanese etiquette.
I don't give a fuck about your Japanese etiquette.
I'm not Japanese and I don't give a fuck about your Japanese etiquette.
Keep your Japanese etiquette for yourself. I'm just a visitor in Japan.
"Do you recognize this language." "It's Arabic."
I want to learn how to surf.
I want to learn to surf.
Tom headed straight to his bedroom.
Tom went straight to his bedroom.
I'm going to give my speech in French.
I have to give my speech in French.
That's coming along nicely.
My name is Mennad if you don't know who I am.
Mennad is wearing a hat.
Mennad has just came in from the cold.
Mennad says it's cold outside.
Mennad's story was boring.
Mennad's story was kind of boring.
Mennad told us about his hat.
Mennad's hat is very comfy.
Mennad's woolly hat is very comfy.
Baya's hat has her sorority's letters on it.
Mennad likes Baya's hat.
Mennad's hair is all over the place.
Mennad is fine.
Mennad's son was battling cancer.
Mennad was battling cancer.
Mennad clicked on the link.
Mennad bought a beanie.
Mennad gave his beanie to Baya.
Mennad paid sixty dollars for two beanies.
Mennad bought this beanie for six dollars.
Mennad's beanie is soft.
Mennad's beanie is comfy.
Mennad's beanie is handmade.
Mennad made beanies.
Mennad needs a beanie.
Mennad's kids need beanies.
Mennad has eczema.
Mennad never wears beanies.
Mennad has to wear a hat.
Mennad has to wear a beanie.
Mennad sleeps with a beanie on.
Mennad's beanie is worth that price.
Mennad has a collection of beanies.
Mennad collects beanies from all over the world.
Mennad has a red and white beanie.
Menand has a blue and white beanie.
Mennad needs a new beanie.
Mennad sells beanies.
Mennad bought a new beanie.
We'd better make a run for it.
Mennad's story is not going to be too long.
Mennad did that in June of last year.
Baya's sorority was having a meeting in that building.
Baya's sorority met in the gym.
Mennad wanted to watch that video, too.
Mennad broke a table in the cafeteria.
Mennad was leaning against the table.
As Mennad was leaning against the table, it collapsed.
Mennad ran away screaming.
A car was coming through the window.
Mennad started laughing.
Mennad asked Baya if she was all right.
Mennad sat on the table.
Mennad was laughing hysterically.
Mennad and Baya are fine.
Mennad stuck the plastic table back on its legs.
Mennad fixed the broken table.
Mennad fixed the table.
Mennad's table was heavy.
The dinner table was heavy.
Mennad lifted the table.
Mennad felt different.
Mennad is in the band.
Mennad fell asleep.
Mennad got there early.
Mennad was really, really tired.
Mennad stood up.
Mennad was dizzy.
Mennad was in Baya's band.
Mennad put the guitar down.
Mennad was out of it.
Mennad was doing everything in reverse.
Mennad picked his guitar up and started to play.
Mennad was just tired.
Mennad was really tired that day.
Mennad was really, really tired that day.
Band is on Friday.
Mennad went home after band.
Mennad needs to stay focused.
Mennad doesn't feel OK.
Mennad had a concussion.
The doctor found out that Mennad had a concussion.
Mennad fell down on his head.
Mennad thought it was funny.
Mennad has to be there.
Mennad was standing next to the window.
Something else happened.
Mennad has posted new videos.
Mennad wants to see more videos on this.
Mennad wants to see more videos of this.
Mennad hates Baya's dog.
Mennad is planning on doing this.
Mennad and Baya were just doing the stupid challenges everyone does.
Mennad told us his story.
This is embarrassing to me.
This happened in school about five or six years ago.
Mennad was meeting with his class.
Mennad's classroom is small.
It'll be safer to stay right here.
Mennad spent six days there.
Mennad and Baya met once a week.
Mennad was with six other guys.
Mennad was doing his normal school day.
Mennad's teacher is his mother.
Mennad did this in sixty seconds.
It's improvised.
Mennad isn't supposed to repeat himself.
Mennad did OK.
Mennad messed up.
When Mennad gets embarrassed, he laughs at himself.
Mennad started laughing so hard.
Mennad slid off his chair onto the floor.
Mennad sat there, laughing.
Mennad sat there, laughing his head off.
Mennad was laughing his head off.
Mennad did that more recently.
Mennad ended up sitting on the floor, crying.
Mennad was crying because he was embarrassed.
Mennad probably doesn't know that.
Mennad walked back to his seat.
That's part of Mennad's personality.
Mennad is an embarrassment.
How did you know Tom could play the piano?
How did you know that Tom could play the piano?
This never happens to me.
Your car was more expensive than mine.
Your friends are waiting outside for you.
Baya's boyfriend hit her.
Baya's boyfriend beat her.
Your phone is on the dining room table.
I really don't want to cry.
Your necklace goes well with that dress.
Mennad isn't scared of anybody.
Mennad is scared of nobody.
Mennad talked about what happened to him.
Your watch is three minutes slow.
Mennad told us how he and Baya knew each other.
Mennad moved to Baya's area.
Mennad and Baya are in college.
Mennad started getting depressed.
Mennad focused on soccer.
Mennad didn't know what to do.
Mennad felt stuck being at school.
Mennad and Baya worked together for a while.
Mennad and Baya missed each other.
Mennad started talking again.
Mennad missed Baya's voice.
Mennad and Baya got back together.
Mennad moved in with Baya.
Mennad was always in the house, playing video games all the time.
Mennad didn't have a job.
Mennad wasn't pushing for his goal.
Mennad wanted to do music.
Mennad said he wanted to do music.
Mennad showed us the video.
Mennad wasn't even with Baya.
Mennad and Baya had their first cat together.
Mennad's cat passed away.
Mennad's cat died.
Mennad didn't laugh.
Mennad wasn't working.
Mennad paid the bills.
Mennad and Baya weren't working.
Mennad hired me.
Mennad took care of that cat.
Mennad was so broke.
Mennad earns a thousand dollars a day.
Mennad's death took a huge toll on Baya.
Mennad had to pay so much.
Mennad was still recovering from that.
Mennad was still recovering from all of that.
Mennad was still living with his ex-girlfriend.
Mennad didn't have money for rent.
Mennad was still paying rent.
Mennad doesn't have money for rent.
Mennad doesn't have that money.
Mennad and Baya are always arguing.
Mennad is a bad guy.
Mennad will leave.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to be here.
Mennad can call me stupid, but I really had to do that.
Mennad wanted to make Baya leave.
Mennad started sleeping in the kitchen.
Mennad had another cat.
Mennad saw his cat pass away.
Mennad and Baya weren't having sex.
Mennad and Baya didn't have sex.
Mennad and Baya stopped having sex.
Mennad and Baya were already on bad terms.
Mennad and Baya were on bad terms.
Baya was doing her makeup for work.
Mennad is a very mean person.
Mennad and Baya are still living together.
Mennad is attracted to you.
Mennad was hanging out with some friends.
Mennad didn't name his friends.
Mennad was hanging out with Baya.
Mennad wanted to hang out with his girlfriend.
Mennad knows Ziri's girlfriend.
Mennad knows Ziri's wife.
Mennad accused Baya of cheating on him.
Why doesn't Mennad want to tell me?
Mennad is our best friend.
Mennad came to my house.
Mennad lived in this house.
Mennad has always been told that.
Mennad doesn't speak to them.
You're in my house and you're with my daughter.
Mennad talked about Baya.
Mennad is not talking about Baya.
Mennad isn't talking about Baya.
"Mennad isn't talking about Baya." "Then who are you talking about?"
Mennad came home at midnight.
Baya is just an insecure bitch.
Mennad called Baya an insecure bitch.
Mennad isn't arguing with Baya anymore.
Mennad and Baya are adults.
Mennad is smoking weed.
Mennad didn't drink.
Mennad started drinking more and more.
Mennad stopped drinking.
Mennad started laughing at Baya.
I'm trying to have a grown-up conversation with you.
I want us to talk like adults.
Mennad is gonna be moving out this weekend.
Mennad is going to be moving out this weekend.
Mennad never took Baya serious.
Mennad never took Baya seriously.
Mennad is a weird creature.
Mennad was bothered by Baya's friends.
Mennad was calling Baya an insecure bitch.
Mennad called Baya a plastic bitch.
Mennad was in Baya's face.
Mennad punched Baya in her face.
Mennad has never hit Baya before.
Mennad punched Baya in her face and she fell to the ground.
Mennad is not scared of Baya.
Baya is not scared of Mennad.
Mennad hit Baya in the face.
Mennad wasn't expecting this to happen.
Mennad grabbed a coffee table and started hitting Baya with it.
Mennad threw the table at Baya.
Blood was gushing out of Mennad's leg.
Mennad posted photos of his swollen leg.
Mennad moved in with his father.
Mennad should definitely go to the hospital.
Mennad came downstairs.
Mennad understands that.
Mennad lives here.
Boyfriends and girlfriends argue.
Husbands and wives argue.
Mennad should have called the police.
Mennad told Baya not to call the police.
Mennad really doesn't understand that.
Mennad kept on coming in my face and talking all this shit.
Mennad shouldn't call the police.
Mennad knows Baya is in jail.
Mennad is going to the hospital.
Mennad can do that to other women.
Mennad doesn't have a court date yet.
Mennad pressed charges.
Mennad's face is swollen.
Mennad's jaw was hurting.
Mennad went to the hospital that night.
Mennad's ear was swollen.
Mennad's eye was swollen.
Mennad had broken bones in his nose.
Mennad had to get his nose fixed.
Mennad was so busy at work.
Mennad's nose was hurting.
Mennad's nose started hurting.
Mennad was with this girl for six years.
Baya was with this guy for six years.
Mennad put his hand on Baya.
Baya is Mennad's little sister.
Mennad carried Baya in his arms.
Mennad is really small.
Mennad can't even carry Baya in his arms.
Mennad is going to jail.
This would probably ruin Mennad's life.
Mennad doesn't live with Baya anymore.
Mennad hates being alone.
Mennad treats Baya like shit.
Mennad is making tutorials on YouTube.
Baya makes hair videos on YouTube.
Baya makes makeup videos on YouTube.
Mennad doesn't want to be seen like that.
Mennad has chubby cheeks.
Mennad needs to go to therapy.
Mennad really needs to go to therapy.
Mennad doesn't need to go to therapy.
Mennad has a restriction order on Baya.
Mennad messaged Baya on her old Snapchat.
Mennad's cat is OK.
Mennad's cat is fine.
Mennad is not Baya's boyfriend.
Mennad isn't Baya's boyfriend.
Mennad doesn't want to be bothered by that.
Mennad still misses Baya.
Mennad did the exact same thing to Baya.
Mennad needs to get out of there.
Mennad's camera stopped.
Mennad treats Baya like crap.
Mennad is going bad.
Mennad had so much anger inside of him.
Mennad doesn't want to hear any of this.
Mennad is glad.
Mennad and Baya hate each other.
Baya and Lidya called each other bitches.
This stuff isn't cool at all.
Mennad thinks it's OK to hit Baya.
Mennad started hitting Baya's head with that table.
Mennad doesn't really know what to say to Baya.
Just let everything go.
Mennad stole Baya's electronics.
Mennad left everything else.
Baya has a new dresser.
Mennad records his videos here.
Mennad records his videos in this park.
Mennad needs to get out of this situation.
Mennad should try to get out of this situation as soon as possible.
Mennad has a cat.
There's always a way out.
Mennad doesn't have anything else to say about this situation.
Don't worry about Mennad.
Mennad is cheating on Baya.
Mennad is doing better.
Mennad is doing way better.
Mennad wanted to be a dentist.
Your wallet is on the table.
Your train leaves from Platform 3.
Your shirt is unbuttoned.
Your problem and mine are the same.
Your house is twice the size of mine.
Your car is parked too close to the fire hydrant.
Your business is doing quite well, I hear.
White carpets aren't a good idea.
What you're suggesting we do is absolutely impossible.
We stayed up all night.
Tom was stopped for breaking the speed limit.
Roman wrote a novel.
Mary volunteered Tom to do the dishes.
My sister's jewelry box was stolen.
How about a baseball game?
What a pity that his life was cut off so early.
Just let Tom do his spiel.
He has time.
I take my temperature every six hours.
They didn't buy any bread.
Don't tell me how to live my life.
Ton doesn't want you.
Human beings—human children especially—seldom deny themselves the pleasure of exercising a power which they are conscious of possessing, even though that power consist only in a capacity to make others wretched.
I'm sure things will take a turn for the better.
I'm sure everything will take a turn for the better.
You thought about that a little too late.
You remembered that a little too late.
He crawled to the side on his belly.
He crawled to the side on his stomach.
And they set forward from Elim, and all the multitude of the children of Israel came into the desert of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai: the fifteenth day of the second month, after they came out of the land of Egypt.
And all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness.
And the children of Israel said to them: Would to God we had died by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt, when we sat over the fleshpots, and ate bread to the full: Why have you brought us into this desert, that you might destroy all the multitude with famine?
And the Lord said to Moses: Behold I will rain bread from heaven for you; let the people go forth, and gather what is sufficient for every day: that I may prove them whether they will walk in my law, or not.
But the sixth day let them provide for to bring in: and let it be double to that they were wont to gather every day.
Tom identified his daughter's body.
I want to sit near the door.
Let's sit near the door.
Tom is almost always in his office.
Tom is almost always in his office Monday mornings.
I study French using YouTube videos.
We did a lot of work today.
I got a lot of work done today.
Tom is extremely good with numbers.
Only some of us can understand French.
Only some of us here can understand French.
Everything was done right, down to the last detail.
Old trains have their charm.
Tom doesn't usually hang out with us.
I want very much to see you.
Did Tom really kiss you?
You outdid yourself yesterday.
Do you speak any language other than French?
Tom is now old enough to do that on his own.
The reason you have a headache is because you've been working too hard.
The reason that you have a headache is because you've been working too hard.
I wish you'd quit lying so much.
We'll prevail.
We got along fine.
We got on well.
We can't accept that.
We're leaving in a week.
We'll be leaving in a week.
Please make sure that your username and password are correct.
Please make sure your username and password are correct.
We need some divers.
We have to celebrate.
Look at all we have to celebrate.
I don't know what time tomorrow's meeting will be.
Tom won't have lunch with us.
Tom is looking for a house to rent.
I want to learn to speak fluent French.
We need some new furniture.
Tom is our designated driver today.
Only a few of us can understand French.
I want you to do that today.
Tom is probably going to be caught.
Tom is probably going to get caught.
Do not protect a criminal!
Only some of us know how to speak French.
Only a few of us know how to speak French.
We won't be able to survive here.
We do that as well.
We do that, too.
We also do that.
We've stuck together.
We've been through a lot of hard times together.
We've gone through a lot together.
Tom is still making a lot of money.
Tom has made a lot of money.
We were never in any danger.
This lock is very nice.
We became close friends.
We ought to wait.
We'll stop that.
We live next to a supermarket.
Tom wanted Mary to shave her legs.
We bought three books.
Tom went out for a walk with Mary.
Tom couldn't open the box.
Tom couldn't get the box opened.
I'm not the ambassador.
I'm on a scavenger hunt.
I googled you.
I googled that.
I googled for recipes.
I can just google it.
I just googled myself.
I'm going to google it.
I googled you last night.
I assumed you googled me.
I assume you've googled me.
I googled how to do that.
I take it you googled me.
I did google it, actually.
I googled your ex-husband.
I googled you after we met.
I have to google something.
I googled the word "unicycle."
I google myself all the time.
I told Tom to google it.
I google everyone I meet.
I google everyone that I interview for a job.
I google everyone I interview for a job.
I googled you before you got here.
I just googled how to do that.
I googled you and found out that you've spent time in prison.
Why don't you just google it?
I googled you and found out you've spent time in prison.
Don't just stand there like that. Come over here and help me.
My life is perfect.
Life is not a sea of roses.
Peppa Pig's father is an engineer.
Desire and happiness cannot live together.
You are going to be a father again!
The first and most necessary part of philosophy is the application of its teachings.
Everything I say is true. And that's a lie.
My parents got divorced long ago.
My parents have been divorced for a long time.
My actions are my only true belongings.
Three points that are not on the same line determine a unique plane.
They gave me a very offensive nickname.
It's a very insulting nickname.
He had a very funny nickname.
Rick is my nickname.
I like the slow tempo of this song.
This is a wheelchair.
I am the owner of my actions, heir to my actions, born of my actions, related through my actions, and have my actions as my arbitrator. Whatever I do, for good or for evil, to that I will fall heir.
And Moses and Aaron said to the children of Israel: In the evening you shall know that the Lord hath brought you forth out of the land of Egypt: And in the morning you shall see the glory of the Lord.
Not by birth does one become an outcast, not by birth does one become a Brahman; by deeds one becomes an outcast, by deeds one becomes a Brahman.
For he hath heard your murmuring against the Lord: but as for us, what are we, that you mutter against us?
And Moses said: In the evening the Lord will give you flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full: for he hath heard your murmurings, with which you have murmured against him, for what are we? your murmuring is not against us, but against the Lord.
I didn't mean to imply anything like that.
I don't think you're weird.
Mary arranged for Tom to sit next to Kate.
Mr. Bacon is a vegetarian.
Tom ate a vegan burger.
Tom ate a veggie burger.
Tom has type one diabetes.
Tom has type two diabetes.
Tom lives right next door to Mary.
Tom was thirty minutes early.
I wouldn't encourage anyone to do this.
Tom never even tried to kiss Mary.
Tom was too drunk to do that.
I'm not interested in things like that.
Tom was trying to protect me.
That's not the reason I came to Boston.
Tom arranged for Mary to sit next to John.
Tom asked Mary to sit next to John.
Tom told Mary to sit next to John.
Tom had Mary to sit next to John.
Tom wanted Mary to sit next to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to sit next to John.
Tom made certain that Mary sat next to John.
Tom made certain Mary sat next to John.
I don't think that you're weird.
I don't think that you're strange.
I don't think that you're stupid.
I don't think you're strange.
I don't think you're stupid.
I don't think that you're an idiot.
I don't think you're an idiot.
I didn't mean to imply that you were an idiot.
I didn't mean to imply you were an idiot.
I didn't mean to imply that you were stupid.
I didn't mean to imply you were stupid.
I didn't mean to imply that.
I didn't mean to imply that at all.
I didn't mean to imply that your house was dirty.
I didn't mean to imply your house was dirty.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to imply that.
I didn't mean to imply that that wasn't fair.
I didn't mean to imply that wasn't fair.
I didn't mean to imply that you were at fault.
I didn't mean to imply you were at fault.
I didn't mean to imply that what you did was wrong.
I didn't mean to imply there was something wrong with the way you did that.
I didn't mean to imply that there was something wrong with the way you did that.
I didn't mean to imply that the work you're doing isn't worthwhile.
I didn't mean to imply the work you're doing isn't worthwhile.
What'll you do about it?
What'll Tom do about that?
What'll you do about that?
I can't sing that low.
Will Tom do anything about it?
Will Tom do anything about that?
Will you do anything about it?
You have to do something about it.
Will you do something about it?
I assume you googled me.
Tom was the one that told me about that.
I'm scared to go near the cemetery.
I'm taking back my apology.
That's not the reason that I came to Boston.
Tom has never even tried to kiss Mary.
We like each other.
We really like each other a lot.
Tom helped Mary when she was sick.
I couldn't figure out who that guy was.
Tom was the only one talking.
We're all equals here.
We started kissing.
Tom was lucky that his toast fell right side up.
Tom was lucky that his toast fell with the buttered side up.
We've had a bad time.
We had a rough trip.
We're just relaxing.
We're both friends.
We caught three foxes.
We stopped talking.
We often have to wait.
We usually have to wait.
We're dozing off.
We're boiling water.
Which one is the cheapest?
Which is the cheapest?
Which bottle of wine do you recommend?
Where is the cheapest place to live in Australia?
What's the cheapest supermarket chain in Australia?
I'm considering becoming a French teacher.
I want a bigger refrigerator.
We need a bigger refrigerator.
Tom knew exactly what had happened.
Tom knew exactly what was going to happen.
You haven't missed a thing.
Tom knows something that you don't.
We need to hire someone who speaks French.
I want a pair of black shoes.
I need a pair of black shoes.
Tom lived downtown for three years.
Not very many of us can speak French.
Tom lives with his uncle in Boston.
We need to hire somebody who speaks French.
I've googled you and found out that you've spent time in prison.
I've googled you and found out you've spent time in prison.
Work hard and you'll succeed.
Tom might've missed his bus.
Perhaps Tom missed his bus.
Tom probably missed his bus.
Tom very likely missed his bus.
Tom has type diabetes.
Tom has type diabetes.
There may be other alternatives that we haven't thought of yet.
There may be other alternatives we haven't thought of yet.
There might be other alternatives that we haven't thought of yet.
There might be other alternatives we haven't thought of yet.
No one believed what I said.
I wonder if it'll work.
How many episodes have you seen so far?
Even I can't explain it.
Did you have any problems on your way here?
This letter isn't for you.
This postcard isn't for you.
This package isn't for you.
Tom is occasionally late for school.
Tom is almost never late for school.
Life is not a bed of roses.
This is Tom's wheelchair.
Have you read the novel that Tom wrote?
Have you read the novel Tom wrote?
I've left my husband.
We thought about that a little too late.
We didn't think about that until it was too late.
We should've thought of that earlier.
You're going to be a father again.
I want to buy a leather belt.
Tom never thought he could do that.
Tom never thought that he could do that.
I never thought I could do that.
I never thought that I could do that.
I want to live in a French-speaking country.
I've always wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Just a few girls were there.
Only a few girls were there.
Tom ran to get a fire extinguisher.
I'll be taking a French class next semester.
I'm going to take a French class next semester.
In the beginning was the deed.
We'll win the battle.
We'll bury you.
We'll be in trouble.
We're in a fine mess.
You don't have to do this now.
Tom doesn't have to do this now.
You don't need to do this now.
Tom doesn't need to do this now.
We sat around the table.
We had a very interesting time.
We had a very interesting time in Boston.
We looked around us.
We desire peace.
We got along quite well.
We cut the rope.
We had a very interesting time in Australia.
My deed is my refuge.
Let's walk there together.
Our dog's name is Cookie.
We're going to eat as soon as we finish doing this.
We're in the forest.
We're in for rain.
We're in for some rain.
It looks like a storm is coming.
It sounds like a storm is headed our way.
We really like picnics.
I want to buy you a fur coat.
Tom seemed to be happy to be there.
I want to study French with a native speaker.
Now you have the hang of it.
Mennad's goal wasn't to be an Arabic teacher.
Mennad teaches Arabic to the Japanese.
Mennad learned enough Arabic to do the master's.
Mennad studied half in Arabic, half in English.
Mennad doesn't really speak Arabic anymore.
When Mennad speaks Arabic, he stutters too much.
Mennad did the interview for the job in Arabic.
Mennad knew Arabic well enough.
They are all talking at the same time in Arabic.
Mennad started learning Arabic in rural Egypt.
Mennad's Arabic isn't perfect.
Mennad's Arabic is not perfect.
There are a lot of people in Cairo.
Cairo is a crowded city.
Mennad has to take an Arabic exam.
Mennad graduated in Arabic.
Mennad wanted to return to Egypt.
Mennad returned to Egypt to contribute to the development of that country.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo.
Mennad went to Cairo to do his master's.
Mennad taught in Egypt.
Egyptian schools don't teach critical thinking.
Egyptian schools teach rote learning.
Mennad did his master's in Egypt for free.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo and it was expensive.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo and it cost him money.
Mennad used to work in Cairo.
Mennad spent a lot of time in Egypt.
When Mennad is in Egypt, he needs a car.
Mennad feels independent in Egypt.
It's not very safe in Egypt.
When Mennad is in Egypt, he doesn't feel safe.
Mennad is here in Egypt.
Mennad has an office in Egypt.
That's what makes Egypt great.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he dropped out of high school.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he didn't go to college.
The reason my parents don't like my boyfriend is because he didn't go to college.
Egyptian history is never boring.
The reason my parents don't like my boyfriend is because he doesn't have a job.
To a person who likes history, the history of Egypt is never boring.
Aart has negative stereotypes towards Egyptians.
Aart had negative stereotypes towards Egyptian women.
When Mennad was a teenager, he learned about Egyptian history.
This is the biggest lesson Mennad has learned in life.
Mennad's decisions could affect other people's lives negatively.
Aart thinks that Egyptian culture is very superficial.
This issue is something that needs more media attention here in Egypt.
It's not Mennad's job to change Egypt.
Mennad is thinking that because he's Muslim.
When Mennad was young, he wanted to be an Arabic teacher.
No one speaks Arabic here.
Mennad speaks Arabic like a native speaker.
Mennad has been speaking Arabic for a long time.
Mennad said he couldn't speak Arabic.
What's this in Arabic?
Mennad speaks Arabic very well.
Egyptians are so hard-working.
Egypt is a developing country.
Egypt is so great.
Aart never says hello to his Egyptian neighbors.
This is something Mennad really dislikes about Egypt.
Mennad has an Egyptian girlfriend.
Mennad's Egyptian girlfriend ditched him.
I'm not sneaky. I'm just discreet.
You always get your own way, don't you? You never have to compromise.
Mennad likes Egypt's traditional markets.
Everybody thought Mennad was Chinese.
Mennad learned a few words of Arabic.
China is a good place to be as an Arabic teacher.
Egypt is a totally different environment.
Going to Egypt was a big risk.
Mennad will start studying Arabic.
Foam rollers are great tools for soft tissue work.
Algeria won the Africa Cup of Nations for the second time.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because of his ethnicity.
Tom washed the dishes mindlessly.
Tom is a cabinetmaker.
Tom was careful not to mention it.
Mary was careful not to mention it.
I'm not used to having someone wait on me.
Tom is not used to having someone wait on him.
Tom was not used to having someone wait on him.
Mary was not used to having someone wait on her.
Moses also said to Aaron: Say to the whole congregation of the children of Israel: Come before the Lord; for he hath heard your murmuring.
And when Aaron spoke to all the assembly of the children of Israel, they looked towards the wilderness; and behold the glory of the Lord appeared in a cloud.
They have a funny way of walking.
Maybe we'll see each other there.
Maybe you'll see each other there.
Maybe you will see each other there.
Maybe we will see each other there.
We'll see each other there, then.
You're throwing away the best years of your life.
You're throwing away the best years of your life!
Tom wondered if he was throwing away the best years of his life.
Mary wondered if she was throwing away the best years of her life.
Mary quit her job and decided to travel the world.
Tom quit his job and decided to travel the world.
Tom quit his job as a corporate lawyer and decided to travel the world.
Mary quit her job as a corporate lawyer in Frankfurt and decided to travel the world.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: I have heard the murmuring of the children of Israel, say to them: In the evening you shall eat flesh, and in the morning you shall have your fill of bread; and you shall know that I am the Lord your God.
He peed up the window.
He peed up the door.
I freely admit that I'm not the world expert in childrearing.
So it came to pass in the evening, that quails coming up, covered the camp: and in the morning a dew lay round about the camp.
And when it had covered the face of the earth, it appeared in the wilderness small, and as it were beaten with a pestle, like unto the hoar frost on the ground.
I've told you I said everything I knew.
And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another: Manhu! which signifieth: What is this! for they knew not what it was. And Moses said to them: This is the bread which the Lord hath given you to eat.
You are my flesh and blood.
Don't say it.
Tom started.
This is the word that the Lord hath commanded: Let every one gather of it as much as is enough to eat; a gomor for every man, according to the number of your souls that dwell in a tent, so shall you take of it.
That seems somewhat dangerous.
Hello, are you already awake?
In this sentence there are seven words. A sentence of eight words comes after it. The conclusion produces a sentence of nine magical words.
I was surprised that she could speak ten languages.
Did you really see the accident?
More than million people speak Arabic as a native language.
This apple tree bears many fruits.
He knocked up his girlfriend.
Tom showed me a picture of his dog.
Watching TV in French is a good way to study.
I want to eat some apple pie.
Tom started his speech with a joke.
I know it's French, but I can't understand it.
Tom stayed with a friend in Boston.
Tom stayed with some friends in Boston.
I'd prefer study French with a native speaker.
I want to eat some ice cream.
I'd like to eat some ice cream.
Tom was brought in for questioning.
Only some of us can do that.
Tom was given three units of blood.
I want to practice French with native speakers.
I want to practice French with a native speaker.
I want to learn how to dance.
I want to learn to dance.
Tom was trying to help his parents.
Not very many of us can understand French.
Not many of us can understand French.
Our neighbors are very nice.
All our neighbors are very nice.
Tom was with a big group of people.
We began kissing.
We've become close friends.
Tom and I've been through a lot together.
Tom and I traveled around the world together.
Mary is still my girlfriend.
Don't you know that everything I have is yours, too?
Don't you know everything I have is yours, too?
I've already told you everything I know about that.
Tom held a gun to Mary's forehead.
I can still see a bruise on your cheek.
Tom was stopped for speeding.
Tom wasn't used to having someone wait on him.
Tom isn't used to having someone wait on him.
We're against war.
We're opposed to war.
We're all born mad.
I've already told you everything that I know about that.
Let's take a 10-minute break here.
Tom goes to high school with Mary.
Are you going to do anything with that?
Tom was rude to the waitress.
You should eat a lot more vegetables.
Tom rides his bicycle to the beach every weekend.
Tom rode his bicycle to the beach last weekend.
Tom isn't our son.
Tom isn't my student.
Tom won't walk again. He's paralyzed.
I'm sweating balls.
I am sweating balls.
I am not so efficient as I used to be.
I couldn't stand anymore.
I could no longer keep standing.
And the children of Israel did so: and they gathered, one more, another less.
The power outages damaged the computer.
Why did she become angry?
He is now years old.
And they measured by the measure of a gomor: neither had he more that had gathered more; nor did he find less that had provided less: but every one had gathered, according to what they were able to eat.
She must be right.
She sure is trying to be right.
Her hobby is to collect ancient coins.
Don't seek to have events happen as you wish, but wish them to happen as they do happen, and all will be well with you.
Demand not that things happen as you wish, but wish them to happen as they do, and you will go on well.
Tom declared that today is Opposite Day.
Every step was difficult for her.
Every step was difficult for him.
English didn't come easily to me.
Bring a stool from the kitchen.
Don't play with the stool.
I want to live in a country where French is spoken.
I want to learn how to drive.
I want to learn to drive.
Tom was worried about his homework.
Tom is worried about his homework.
Not very many of us know how to speak French.
Tom wasn't here when that happened.
Playing the harp isn't easy.
It isn't easy to play the harp.
Tom wasn't really paying attention.
Tom isn't really paying attention.
Most of us can understand French, but not all of us.
Not all of us can understand French.
Tom wrote his name on his notebook.
I want to learn how to shoot.
I want to learn to shoot.
I need to explain everything to Tom.
I want to explain everything to Tom.
I had to explain everything to Tom.
I have to explain everything to Tom.
I lived in a French-speaking country for three years.
I want to know how much you owe Tom.
I need to know how much you owe Tom.
Please tell me how much you owe Tom.
Playing the oboe isn't easy.
It isn't easy to play the oboe.
Tom became a successful businessman.
Tom isn't a successful businessman.
Tom wasn't a successful businessman.
I want to practice speaking French with native speakers.
Tom called back a few minutes later.
I want you to be more polite.
You need to be more polite.
We won't leave until the game is over.
Tom told me about his family.
Tom drove to Boston to visit Mary.
I'm waiting for my friends to join me.
Tom needs to see a psychiatrist.
Tom didn't know why Mary did that.
I'm not ready for that responsibility.
Tom needed to assert himself.
Tom called Mary every ten minutes.
I'll show you how to do that tomorrow.
Tom's hobby is collecting old coins.
Please drive faster.
Could you hurry, please?
Could you please hurry up, sir?
I don't mean to rush you, but could you please hurry up?
I don't mean to rush you, but Tom will be here any minute.
I'm not patronizing you.
It's okay to make mistakes.
I'm expecting an important phone call.
Tom is expecting an important phone call.
No running around the pool.
Tom isn't feeling too well.
Mary isn't feeling too well.
Stop messing around and hurry up.
Tom got lost in the woods and found his way back.
Tom and Mary got lost in the woods.
Can't you go any faster?
Mary searched frantically through her purse.
Mary began searching frantically through her purse.
Mary searched frantically in her handbag.
Mary searched frantically in her purse.
It used to be considered fashionable for women to have pale skin.
In East Asia, it's considered desirable for women to have pale skin.
Mary wore long sleeves and a wide-brimmed hat.
Tom wore a wide-brimmed hat.
Tom wore a wide-brimmed straw hat.
Skin whitening products are popular in Asia.
Tom was sporting a tan.
Nice tan.
I'll bring you a cup of tea while you wait.
Have you considered telling the truth?
Mary applied some makeup.
I could teach you if you like.
Why don't we take a 10-minute break here?
I'd forgotten how much fun it is.
I'd forgotten how much fun it was.
I'd forgotten how much fun it is to dance.
I'd forgotten how much fun it is to tap dance.
The dancers are exhausted.
The dancers were exhausted.
Tom is kind to animals.
The horse is tired.
The horse seemed tired.
You've got something stuck in your teeth.
Tom kept asking us questions.
I never thought about studying French.
Tom was here for Mary's birthday.
He persevered through sheer force of will.
He persevered through sheer determination.
He persevered through sheer willpower.
I want to go to the concert, but I don't have a ticket.
I want for buy some jewelry for Mary, but I don't know what I should buy.
I wanted Tom to speak French.
Tom lives in one of Boston's best neighborhoods.
I've locked myself in my room.
I'm locked in.
I'm locked out of my car.
How much would it cost to get a locksmith to unlock my car?
Tom has locked himself in his room.
Our horses are tired.
I wish that you wouldn't drive so fast.
You can drive it if you want to.
I don't plan to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I won't be at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I drive now.
I can speak French now.
I drive a jeep.
I drive a taxi.
I drive a bus.
I drive a lot.
I drive badly.
I never drive.
I never drive anymore.
I don't drive anymore.
I don't drive as much as I used to.
I drive a limo.
Even though I was injured, I drove myself to the hospital.
I'll drive fast.
I could drive you there.
I can't drive you home.
I'm in my car now.
I'll drive carefully.
I'll drive all night.
I'll drive Tom's car.
I'll drive you around.
I can't drive a stick.
I can't drive a truck.
I can't drive anymore.
I can't drive a stick shift.
I don't drive very well.
I have to warn you I don't drive very well.
I don't drive my children to school.
I let Tom drive.
I drove here.
I drove here in my new car.
I'm a cab driver.
Tom drove away without looking back.
I drove over to Tom's place this morning.
I drove over to Tom's this morning.
I was driven here by my father.
I'm a safe driver.
I drove a cab for several years.
I drove a taxi for several years.
I drove today.
I drove today because it's raining.
I usually walk to work, but I drove today.
I was driving too fast.
I was driving too fast and ran off the road.
I won't drive to school tomorrow.
I enjoy driving.
I don't enjoy driving.
I used to enjoy driving.
I drive faster than Tom does.
I drive faster than Tom.
I drive safely.
I drove around town, looking for something interesting to do.
I drove myself here.
I don't get to drive very often.
I've hired a new driver.
I've hired a new chauffeur.
I don't have a chauffeur anymore.
I had to fire my chauffeur.
Tom used to work as a chauffeur.
I got to drive Tom's new car.
We need to hire three more drivers.
I'm not a chauffeur anymore.
I thought you could drive.
I thought that you could drive.
I'm a careful driver.
I'm a race car driver.
I'm not allowed to drive.
I'm allowed to drive.
I hope you're driving.
I hope you're the one who's going to be doing the driving.
I hope that you're driving.
Keep the people that matter to you close.
I hope you're the one that's going to be doing the driving.
I hope that you're the one who's going to be doing the driving.
I hope that you're the one that's going to be doing the driving.
I don't usually talk to my chauffeur.
I want to drive again.
I'm a taxi driver, too.
I'm a cab driver, too.
I'm a very good driver.
I'm a very safe driver.
I'm a very fast driver.
I'm a very careful driver.
I can't drive a truck that size.
I can't drive a truck that large.
You misunderstood the whole thing.
I drove the whole night.
I had to drive a drunk friend home.
I told you not to drive.
Learn a little bit about Islam.
Don't stereotype Japanese people.
Don't stereotype Muslims.
I was driving really slow.
I came to drive you home.
Send me a message.
I can drive, if you like.
I can teach you to drive.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel.
I can't ask Tom to drive.
I can't ask Tom to drive me home.
I could ask Tom to drive, I suppose.
I can't drive a standard.
I can't drive this thing.
I can't drive now.
I can't drive fast.
I can't drive as fast as Tom.
I can't drive home.
I can't drive home right now.
I can't drive you home right now.
I can drive you home later.
I can't drive this.
I can't drive at all.
I can't drive either.
I can't drive any faster.
I can't drive any faster than this.
I can't drive to work.
I can't drive the kids to school today.
I can't drive this car.
I can't drive with you yelling at me all the time.
I can't drive right now.
I can't drive like this.
I can drive you back home.
I can drive a stick.
I can drive a truck.
I can drive a forklift.
I can drive Tom home.
I can drive you home.
I can drive a tractor.
I just drove three hundred miles.
I was driven home.
I'm a rally driver.
I didn't drive here.
I can't even drive a golf cart.
I drove to Boston with Tom.
I drove to Boston.
I drove to Boston in less than three hours.
I drove to Boston by myself.
I drove from Boston to Chicago.
Laziness is a sin.
Always take action.
Tom is a dangerous driver.
Tom is one of the safest drivers that I know.
Tom is one of the safest drivers I know.
I was driving behind you this morning.
I was driving behind you on the road this morning.
I was driving by and saw you had the lights on.
I was driving by and saw your lights on.
Submit your resume there.
I'll drive you anywhere you have to go.
I'll drive you anywhere you need to go.
I'll drive you anywhere you want to go.
Tom has a driver.
Tom has a chauffeur.
Tom had his driver's license suspended.
Tom has my driver's license.
Tom has no driver's license.
I don't have my driver's license with me.
I have a pair of leather driving gloves.
Tom has a bad driving record.
Tom has a terrible driving record.
Tom has been my driver since I moved to Boston.
Tom has been my chauffeur since I moved to Boston.
Tom has a driver, he doesn't have any bodyguards.
I am talking on the phone.
It's a long drive back to Boston.
Tom has to drive me everywhere now.
Tom offered to drive me anywhere.
Tom has a great future as a truck driver.
Tom wants to get a chauffeur's license.
I've driven Tom's car many times.
You drive fast.
You drove here, didn't you?
Are you the owner of the blue car parked in front of my house?
Is that blue car parked in front of my house yours?
You can't drive, can you?
You don't drive very well.
You enjoy driving, don't you?
You're not going to drive home drunk, are you?
You know how to drive, don't you?
You're the best driver that I know.
You're the best driver I know.
You were driving too fast.
Tom is a slow driver.
You're driving like an idiot.
Tom drove the getaway car.
The police found the getaway car abandoned three blocks from the bank.
You're a bit young to be driving, aren' you?
Why are you driving Tom's car today?
I don't really know how to drive.
Tom drove us home.
Tom wasn't the one driving.
Tom drove back home to get something.
Tom drives a blue car.
Tom can drive an 18-wheeler.
Tom asked me to drive.
Tom can drive you home.
Tom volunteered to drive me home.
Tom has volunteered to drive me home.
Tom doesn't even drive.
Tom is an awful driver.
You really don't know how to drive, do you?
Are you still driving that car that your grandfather gave you?
Are you still driving that car your grandfather gave you?
Tom drove Mary back home.
Tom drove everyone home.
Tom drove everybody home.
Tom was nice enough to drive me home.
Tom wanted me to drive, but I told him that I was too sleepy.
Tom wanted me to drive, but I told him I was too sleepy.
Tom isn't a safe driver.
Tom isn't an experienced driver.
Tom drives a very nice car.
Tom waved as he drove past.
Tom drove to Boston by himself.
I had trouble backing out of Tom's driveway.
Tom drove back to his house to get something that he'd forgotten.
Tom has passed his driving test.
Tom agreed to drive me home.
Tom has agreed to drive us home.
Tom didn't know how to drive at that time.
Tom didn't yet know how to drive at that time.
You're not old enough to drive yet.
You aren't old enough to drive yet.
How many years have you been driving?
When did you learn how to drive?
You've been driving since midnight, so let me drive.
Would you mind driving my car home for me?
Tom was our designated driver, so he didn't drink.
We all came here in Tom's car.
Tom drives a very expensive car.
Tom drives a very old car.
I drove three hours to get here.
Tom said it took him three hours to drive here.
Tom said that it took him three hours to drive here.
I think that Tom isn't a very safe driver.
I think Tom isn't a very safe driver.
Tom was able to make it to Boston on one tank of gasoline.
Tom started driving when he was thirteen, even though he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom volunteered to drive us home.
Tom volunteered to drive us all home.
Tom has volunteered to drive us home.
Tom has volunteered to drive us all home.
Tom drove all the way across town just to buy a birthday cake for Mary.
Tom was the one who drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom was the one that drove Mary to the hospital.
I wasn't able to see who the driver was.
I don't have time to drive to Boston, so I'll fly there.
I drive through Tom's neighborhood on my way to work.
Don't drive on the sidewalk.
Are you sure that you don't want to drive?
You drive like my grandmother.
I can't drive you to work today.
Tom has a driver's license, but hardly ever drives.
Tom has a driver's license, but almost never drives.
I forgot my driver's license at home.
Tom wasn't a very good driver at that time.
You're obviously too drunk to drive home.
I don't want to drive back to Boston tonight.
You're not driving without a license, are you?
You aren't driving without a license, are you?
You're not in any condition to drive.
You aren't in any condition to drive.
Why aren't you driving the car that you always drive?
Why aren't you driving the car you always drive?
Why don't you let Tom drive for a while?
Do you have your driver's license with you?
You should've been doing the driving.
Tom was the one who did all the driving.
Tom was the one that did all the driving.
Tom drove all the way from Boston to Chicago.
Tom drove all the way from Boston to Chicago in one day.
Tom gave me permission to drive his car.
Tom drove his father's car without permission.
Tom's car is on its last legs.
Tom's car has seen its better days.
Tom's car won't last much longer.
I can drive you there myself.
I can drive myself to the airport.
I can drive myself to the hospital.
This car can be driven with one hand.
You can drive this car with one hand.
I can drive you anywhere you want to go.
I can drive you somewhere if you want.
I can drive you somewhere if you want me to.
Tom was having a fight with Mary.
I don't want to disappoint my friends.
Tom kept asking me questions.
Tom wasn't the one that was driving.
Aren't you a little young to be driving?
You're driving way too slow.
Don't give in to these demands.
My doctor recommended that I eat more vegetables.
My doctor recommended I eat more vegetables.
Tom took Mary to Boston with him.
I don't have any memory of doing that.
Tom hated his French teacher.
Tom was shaking with laughter.
There might be manufacturing defects.
I'd like a little bit of pie.
And Moses said to them: Let no man leave thereof till the morning.
And they hearkened not to him, but some of them left until the morning, and it began to be full of worms, and it putrified, and Moses was angry with them.
"Hello, Little Red Riding Hood!" - "Stay away from me! I know you! You are the wolf and want to eat me!" - "You are right that I am the wolf - you can easily see that - but didn't your mother teach you not to be prejudiced?"
The load exceeded the maximum allowed, and the server crashed.
Flight shame made him take the train.
Now every one of them gathered in the morning, as much as might suffice to eat: and after the sun grew hot, it melted.
Then Pilate took Jesus and had Him flogged. The soldiers twisted together a crown of thorns, put it on His head, and dressed Him in a purple robe. And they went up to Him again and again, saying, “Hail, King of the Jews!” and slapping Him in the face.
Paulo speaks Portuguese, Spanish, French, German and some Russian.
But on the sixth day they gathered twice as much, that is, two gomors every man: and all the rulers of the multitude came, and told Moses.
And he said to them: This is what the Lord hath spoken: To morrow is the rest of the sabbath sanctified to the Lord. Whatsoever work is to be done, do it; and the meats that are to be dressed, dress them; and whatsoever shall remain, lay it up until the morning.
This is fake news.
And they did so as Moses had commanded, and it did not putrify, neither was there worm found in it.
Mary cooked shish kebab for her nephews.
And Moses said: Eat it to day, because it is the sabbath of the Lord: to day it shall not be found in the field.
Gather it six days; but on the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord, therefore it shall not be found.
This Friday at 4:p.m. there is a parent-teacher meeting at the school.
At a parents’ evening, parents come together with the homeroom teacher in the school. At a parents’ day, each subject teacher, including the homeroom teacher, remains in a classroom, and the parents attend in one room after the other for a brief one-on-one interview to get information about their children's achievements.
I wanted Tom to go.
I wanted help.
I wanted to ask Mary out.
I wanted proof.
I tried to scare Tom.
I wanted to play.
I wanted Tom to help Mary.
I wanted to sing.
I wanted Tom to help.
I wanted to stay.
Tom saw Mary smiling at him.
I wanted to swim.
I wanted Tom to sing.
I wanted to wait.
I asked Tom to wait for Mary.
I wanted to walk.
I wanted to call Tom.
I wanted to work.
I wanted Tom to talk to Mary.
When can we meet?
I wanted to pitch.
I wanted Tom to look for Mary.
I wanted to relax.
I tried to forget Tom.
I wanted to speak.
I wanted Tom to wait for Mary.
I wanted to watch.
I wanted Tom to smile.
I tried to be good.
I wanted Tom to stay with Mary.
I wanted a bicycle.
I wanted Tom to speak.
I wanted to escape.
Tom couldn't find Mary's grave.
I wanted to try it.
I wanted to scare Tom.
I wanted your help.
Tom couldn't get Mary to leave.
I wanted more money.
I wanted what Tom had.
I wanted more space.
I wanted to tell Tom about Mary.
I wanted my freedom.
I tried to comfort Tom.
I wanted some water.
I asked Tom to apologize to Mary.
I wanted to be good.
I tried to protect Tom.
I wanted to be last.
I wanted Tom to be nicer to Mary.
I wanted to go, too.
I wanted to forget Tom.
I wanted to keep it.
I wanted to ask Mary to the prom.
I wanted to succeed.
I asked Mary to the prom.
Tom can't feed himself.
I want to live alone.
I wanted Tom to apologize to Mary.
I wanted an audience.
I wanted Tom to be safe.
I wanted my own room.
I wanted Tom to do that with Mary.
I wanted to be first.
I wanted Tom to call me.
I wanted to be liked.
I wanted to name my daughter Mary.
I want to name my daughter Mary.
I wanted to be loved.
I wanted Tom to go away.
I wanted to continue.
Tom was able to get Mary to leave.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to leave.
I wanted to fix that.
I wanted Tom to go home.
I wanted to help out.
Tom took Mary to a basketball game.
I wanted to know why.
I wanted Tom to help us.
I wanted to see that.
I wanted Tom to give Mary a message.
I wanted Tom to give a message to Mary.
I wanted to sit down.
I wanted Tom to like me.
I wanted you to sing.
Tom was able to get Mary to do that.
What'll you do today?
I wanted Tom to love me.
I want Tom to love me.
I tried to understand.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary's grave.
The state of New York has banned cat declawing.
The wreckage of a French submarine that disappeared more than years ago has been found almost kilometers from the vessel's home port of Toulon.
Fifty-two sailors were on board the Minerve when it vanished in January 1968.
A ceremony will be held at sea for the families of the sailors who died.
The wreck will stay where it is, serving as the sailors' final resting place.
Tom went to the train museum.
There is an allure and excitement to the power of an old-fashioned steam train.
Coal powered trains plied the rails in the United States for years, starting in the 1830's, and were an integral part of America's westward expansion and industrial revolution.
From the earliest days of the republic, Americans broke their fast in the morning by eating whatever was most easily available, which often included bread, eggs or leftovers.
Convenience is still a driving factor when it comes to breakfast.
The habit of consuming certain foods for breakfast, such as cereal, is the result of extraordinarily effective marketing.
“Advertising was practically invented to sell cereal,” says Heather Arndt Anderson, the author of "Breakfast: A History."
As women entered the workforce to help support their families, cereal was a food kids could take care of on their own without having to do anything dangerous like light a stove.
Advertising also played a key role in orange juice becoming a morning beverage.
In 1916, a surplus of oranges gave birth to the advertising slogan, “Drink an orange,” which aimed to convince people that juicing an orange (or a few oranges) was a healthy way to start the day.
Coffee might have the Boston Tea Party to thank for its U.S. popularity. After the colonists protested British taxation by dumping tea into Boston Harbor, some made a point of shunning tea and turning to coffee instead.
In a letter to his wife, Founding Father John Adams wrote, “I have drank Coffee every Afternoon since, and have borne it very well. Tea must be universally renounced.”
By the 1830s, coffee was already such a staple that pioneers traveling to the American West made sure to pack coffee beans to have along on the journey.
Pancakes have also been around practically forever.
Researchers believe the world's oldest naturally preserved human mummy ate a pancake-like food as one of his last meals.
Historians think it’s possible hotcakes were relegated to the morning because they are much quicker to prepare than bread. That left cooks with plenty of time to bake fresh loaves in time for dinner.
In addition to pancakes, U.S. households still consume other breakfast foods — like bread and eggs — that their ancestors did.
Looking toward the future, Arndt Anderson hopes more Americans will view leftovers as a breakfast food, which in addition to being tasty, is a great way to minimize waste.
The power outage came on the anniversary of the New York City outage that left most of the city without power.
The architecture of American homes is a lot like America itself, a hodgepodge of different styles from different countries often melded together into one whole.
From colonials to Victorians to ranch-style houses and McMansions, the story of American residential architecture is that it tends to be eclectic.
The history of American residential architecture has always been kind of like an all-you-can-eat buffet," says architect Susan Piedmont-Palladino, director of Virginia Tech's Washington Alexandria Architecture Center. "We can borrow anybody's style of architecture and I'm not sure that's the attitude in other countries around the world. I also think we're dominated by the single family house in a way that other places aren't."
Most houses built today do not reflect any one style, but integrate ideas from many cultures.
A single house can have a French-inspired mansard roof, Grecian columns, and English Tudor-inspired timbering.
Built in 1930, this neoclassical Georgian home in Dallas, Texas, is a near-replica of George Washington's Mount Vernon home in Virginia.
After the American Revolution, the architecture of public buildings often borrowed from Greece and Rome to express democratic ideals of order and symmetry.
This neoclassic style also extended to private homes, notably Thomas Jefferson's Monticello and George Washington's Mount Vernon.
The long reign of Britain's Queen Victoria, from until 1901, occurred during a time of American prosperity.
Mass-production of building parts allowed for the construction of elaborate, affordable Victorian-style houses throughout the country.
"During the Industrial Revolution, steel transformed the American landscape. The strength of this new metal made skyscrapers possible, rebuilding Chicago after the Great Fire of 1871," says Craven.
The lavish Gilded Age mansions of the late 1800s and modern-day McMansions both reflect the conspicuous consumption of a powerful wealthy class.
Minimalist post-Victorian architecture rebelled against excess.
The 20th century brought new solutions for affordable housing.
Catalogue companies like Sears sold mail order house kits, making home ownership achievable even during the Depression.
The architect who most defined American residential architecture might well be Frank Lloyd Wright, who eschewed the idea of borrowing architecture from Europe or anywhere else.
Frank Lloyd Wright pioneered housing features — such as low horizontal lines and open floor plans — that can still be found in suburban America today.
Piedmont-Palladino is concerned that the home-building industry doesn't appear prepared to take on the challenge of building better-performing houses.
Houses are getting bigger and bigger and less efficient, even as our families are getting smaller.
It’s early on a Saturday afternoon and nearly weekend warriors have gathered to do battle on the grounds of a state park just outside Nashville, Tennessee. But they do not carry wooden or steel copies of medieval weapons. They take the field armed with arrows, swords and shields made from foam.
Foam fighting, a type of Live Action Role Play, began in the mid-1970s in Washington, D.C., as a full-contact battle game with padded weapons.
Today, foam-fighting groups can be found across North America, Europe and Australia.
A lot of the games started and originated from people reading ‘The Hobbit’ and ‘The Lord of The Rings’ series and wanting to be able to go out and relive that in real life.
All weapons and equipment used during combat are inspected before each battle, to ensure that they comply with a long list of safety regulations.
Whole families attend, dressed in period costumes.
I wanted a big family.
I want a big family.
I wanted Tom to say yes.
I wanted my land back.
I want my land back.
Tom had trouble getting Mary to leave.
I wanted to be famous.
I wanted to believe Tom.
I wanted to buy a dog.
I wanted Tom to do something for Mary.
I want Tom to do something for Mary.
I wanted to do better.
I need to do better.
We need to do better.
I wanted to comfort Tom.
I want to comfort Tom.
We need to comfort Tom.
We should try to comfort Tom.
I wanted to eat pizza.
Let's eat pizza.
When was the last time you ate pizza?
Tom and Mary seemed to get along well.
Tom and Mary seem to get along well.
Tom and Mary don't seem to get along very well.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to get along very well.
I wanted to eat steak.
Would you like to have steak for dinner?
I wanted to get a dog.
I wanted to get a dog, but my parents got me a cat instead.
Tom didn't tell Mary about what had happened.
I wanted to get drunk.
I wanted Tom to be quiet.
I wanted to go abroad.
I want Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I asked Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I wanted to play golf.
I wanted to play golf, but everybody else wanted to go swimming.
I wanted Tom to help you.
I wanted Tom to help you do that.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the pool.
I wanted Tom to help me with my homework.
I asked Tom to help me clean the pool.
Where did your friends go?
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she liked me.
I asked Tom to ask Mary if she liked me.
I tried to lose weight.
I wanted Tom to visit me.
I wanted a fresh start.
I want a fresh start.
I wanted Tom to meet Mary at the station.
I asked Tom to meet Mary at the station.
I wanted my money back.
Tom came straight home after school.
I want to practice speaking French with a native speaker.
Tom caught an intruder in his house.
Please take the garbage out.
Tom drove all the way across town just to buy Mary a birthday cake.
The concert was really good. You should've come with us.
This is a really good book. You should read it.
The restaurant we ate at last night was really good. You should eat there sometime.
Tom told me that I'm the only one he trusts.
Tom told me I'm the only one he trusts.
Tom told me that I'm the only one that he trusts.
Tom told me I'm the only one that he trusts.
Tom is the only one I can depend on.
Tom is the only one that I can depend on.
It's a long drive to Boston.
Tom didn't stop anywhere on his way home from school.
I can't swim either.
I can't do that with you right now.
I can do that with you later.
Tom let me drive his new car.
My parents don't let me drive very often.
Tom doesn't let his wife drive.
I refuse to get in the car if Tom is going to be driving.
I refuse to get in the car if Tom is driving.
My doctor told me that I shouldn't drive anymore.
My doctor told me I shouldn't drive anymore.
I'm in the parking lot waiting for you.
You can drive if you want to.
Tom has a coin collection.
Tom has a stamp collection.
Tom has a collection of rare coins.
I've never spoken French with a native speaker.
When was the last time you visited a French-speaking country?
When was the last time that you visited a French-speaking country?
Tom turned his torch on.
Our French teacher doesn't use English in the classroom.
Our French teacher only uses French in the classroom.
Tom quit his job as a corporate lawyer and traveled the world.
That seems very dangerous.
That seems awfully dangerous.
I've left my wife.
Anything you can do, I can do better.
Everyone must know it.
Tom thanked Mary for her support.
We need to make up for the lost time.
Tom hasn't been very helpful.
Turkey is a football-crazy nation.
And the seventh day came; and some of the people going forth to gather, found none.
What is the derivative of e^x?
And the Lord said to Moses: How long will you refuse to keep my commandments, and my law?
Please budge up.
It seems that spring will come very soon.
This may be Tom's first time speaking so candidly.
Esperanto is a bridge between cultures.
That teacher is teaching English conversation.
Large cars use lots of petrol.
Do you have a torch I could borrow?
See that the Lord hath given you the sabbath, and for this reason on the sixth day he giveth you a double provision: let each man stay at home, and let none go forth out of his place the seventh day.
And the people kept the sabbath on the seventh day.
And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white, and the taste thereof like to flour with honey.
And Moses said: This is the word which the Lord hath commanded: Fill a gomor of it, and let it be kept unto generations to come hereafter; that they may know the bread, wherewith I fed you in the wilderness when you were brought forth out of the land of Egypt.
And Moses said to Aaron: Take a vessel, and put manna into it, as much as a gomor can hold; and lay it up before the Lord, to keep unto your generations.
As the Lord commanded Moses. And Aaron put it in the tabernacle to be kept.
And the children of Israel ate manna forty years, till they came to a habitable land: with this meat were they fed, until they reached the borders of the land of Canaan.
Now a gomor is the tenth part of an ephi.
Give him a taste of his own medicine.
Let's give Tom a taste of his own medicine.
He just hung up on her.
He just hung up on me.
Tom just hung up on me.
Tom just hung up on Mary.
Tom was super friendly.
Everyone was super friendly.
He asked her lots of questions.
Tom asked Mary lots of questions.
Tom couldn't open the cash register.
Tom wasn't able to get the cash register open.
French was the only language I spoke until I was thirteen.
Tom didn't know why he'd been fired.
I was almost able to do that.
Tom didn't realize who that boy was.
Tom didn't know who that boy was.
I'd like to practice speaking French with native speakers.
Tom didn't realize who that man was.
That's quite an improvement.
Tom doesn't need to explain himself.
I'd like to practice speaking French with a native speaker.
Tom felt that he was being followed.
Tom felt he was being followed.
I couldn't afford an attorney.
Tom is always giving presents to me.
Tom is always giving me presents.
French was the only language that I spoke until I was thirteen.
Tom is an expert in animal behavior.
You did a lot of work today.
Tom is doing his Christmas shopping.
Tom has already finished his Christmas shopping.
I loved studying French when I was a junior high school student.
I loved studying French when I was in junior high school.
Tom is fully aware of the situation.
I want a detailed explanation.
Tom is getting in his car right now.
Tom just got out of his car.
I considered teaching French, but decided that it would be better not to.
I considered teaching French, but decided it would be better not to.
Please take out the garbage.
I wanted a word with Tom.
I wanted to be admired.
Tom and Mary met at the botanical garden.
Tom and Mary planned to meet at the botanical garden.
I wanted to be popular.
I was never popular.
I wanted to cheer Tom up.
I wanted to buy a book.
I wanted to buy a book to read on the plane.
I want to buy a book to read on the plane.
The only one who really knows us is God.
Tom has always been a racist.
Tom has never met Mary's parents.
I've already made a video about that.
Tom gave us some good advice.
He is completely wrong.
He is not completely wrong.
He is totally wrong.
He is not totally wrong.
What am I, chopped liver?
I did everything right this time.
Then all the multitude of the children of Israel setting forward from the desert of Sin, by their mansions, according to the word of the Lord, encamped in Raphidim, where there was no water for the people to drink.
And they chode with Moses, and said: Give us water, that we may drink. And Moses answered them: Why chide you with me? Wherefore do you tempt the Lord?
So the people were thirsty there for want of water, and murmured against Moses, saying: Why didst thou make us go forth out of Egypt, to kill us and our children, and our beasts with thirst?
And Moses cried to the Lord, saying: What shall I do to this people? Yet a little more and they will stone me.
Do you have a military background?
And the Lord said to Moses: Go before the people, and take with thee of the ancients of Israel: and take in thy hand the rod wherewith thou didst strike the river, and go.
Tom is a numpty.
Tom is a brainless numpty.
Behold I will stand there before thee, upon the rock Horeb, and thou shalt strike the rock, and water shall come out of it that the people may drink. Moses did so before the ancients of Israel.
And he called the name of that place Temptation, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and for that they tempted the Lord, saying: Is the Lord amongst us or not?
Tom likes tennis.
I'm not so sure about that anymore.
We need to have a serious conversation about that.
The German Weather Service has issued a heat warning for the entire country.
Fifty years ago, the first humans landed on the moon.
Could longer space flights to Mars and beyond happen years in the future?
"There’s a lot of folks that would pay a lot of money for a honeymoon in space,” he said.
All astronauts go into space with 20/vision, but few come back that way.
People found jokes paired with laughter funnier than jokes without.
People with autism tend to have trouble with social interactions.
The researchers found that when jokes were paired with laughter, they were rated 15% funnier on average than when they weren't.
Increasing humor in our lives has the potential to benefit us both mentally and physically.
And Amalec came, and fought against Israel in Raphidim.
She lives with her grandma.
I forgot to phone him.
She lives at her grandma's.
I was just getting ready to write Tom a message asking him where he was when he walked in the door.
Tom didn't realize who the man was.
I want Tom to do something for me.
I wanted Tom to help me clean the garage.
I want Tom to help me clean the garage.
I couldn't stand doing that anymore.
I'm sure things will soon get better.
I'm sure that things will soon get better.
Tom doesn't know what Mary likes.
Is that one of Tom's sisters?
I accidentally deleted your messages.
Tom drove Mary back to her place.
Tom Jackson is the president.
I'd like to visit Australia sometime.
I still have things that I need to do.
I still have things that I need to do before I can leave.
I still have things that I need to do in town.
I still have things I need to do.
I still have things I need to do before I can leave.
I still have things I need to do in town.
Tom doesn't care what Mary wants.
You shouldn't even worry about that.
We shouldn't even worry about that.
Is that one of Tom's brothers?
Well, isn't this a nice surprise.
Isn't this a nice surprise?
Where were you before when I needed you?
Tom wasn't sure if he had done the right thing.
Mary wasn't sure if she had done the right thing.
Mary is kindhearted.
Tom listened to the message that Mary had left on his voicemail.
It was just a ruse.
It's nice and quiet here.
Tom took a shower and went to bed.
Tom ate dinner and went to bed.
I overheard them talking.
Tom didn't like what Mary cooked.
Tom wants a medium-size dog.
I'll get that done as soon as I can.
Tom didn't want Mary to help him.
Tom won't eat lunch with us.
Why did you leave the meeting early?
I overheard what Tom and Mary said to each other.
I overheard Tom and Mary talking about me.
I overheard Tom and Mary discussing their plans.
I want to travel in a car across the U.S.
I want to travel around Australia by car.
I'd rather die than marry you.
I'd rather kiss my grandmother than kiss you.
I can't go to your party tonight.
We should love everyone.
We're staying at the Hilton Hotel.
We're staying at the Hilton.
We've never gone there.
I closed my suitcase and tied a rope around it.
We left three days later.
I left Boston three days after Tom.
I left Boston three days after Tom did.
I got to Australia three days before Tom.
I got to Australia three days before Tom did.
We have only three dollars between us.
We've put up with this for three years.
My dog slept in the bed with me.
Tom's house was broken into.
We've called the police.
We're calling the police.
We're going to call the police.
We're going to be building a bridge.
The air around here isn't very good.
We ate lunch at about noon.
We'll play baseball now.
Would you like to play baseball with us?
We won't be hiring any more people.
We're not hiring any more people.
We need to improve our products.
We ate lunch with Tom yesterday.
We fixed the price at thirty dollars.
We set the price at thirty dollars.
We're going to charge thirty dollars for this.
They charged me thirty dollars to fix my bicycle.
It cost me thirty dollars to get my bicycle fixed.
We went on board the ship.
We boarded the ship.
We're to meet at 2:30.
We're going to meet at 2:30.
We're planning to meet at 2:30.
We've arranged to meet at 2:30.
We're supposed to meet at 2:30.
We ran three kilometers.
We can't meet your needs.
We won't be able to meet your needs.
It won't be possible for us to meet your needs.
We're free from danger.
We went as far as Boston by bus.
We didn't have to hurry.
Tom is flat-footed and needs special insoles.
A human is not a good animal.
He's only been dead an hour, and you ghouls are already discussing the inheritance!
A ghoul haunts this basement.
If you go to the cemetery at midnight, they say you can still hear the ghoul's shriek.
And Moses said to Josue: Choose out men; and go out and fight against Amalec: tomorrow I will stand on the top of the hill, having the rod of God in my hand.
Don't be stupid. It's not your fault.
Tom roared with laughter.
The National Weather Service warned Saturday that a "dangerous heat wave" paired with high humidity in the United States over the weekend could quickly cause heat stress or heatstroke if precautions were not taken.
Events were canceled throughout the nation, from festivals and concerts to sporting events.
During a span of three days in July 1995, more than people died in Chicago, when temperatures rose above F (C).
Many of those who died were poor or elderly with no access to air conditioning. Many also lived alone.
Despite the warnings, one runner in the nation's capital planned to head out for a run early Saturday.
"It's brutal," Jeffrey Glickman, 37, said, adding, "You just have to power through it the best you can."
Temperatures have been rising in cities from the Midwest to the East Coast because of a high-pressure system that has trapped the warm air.
City officials are allowing public pools to stay open longer and municipalities are issuing advisories to inform the public about how best to deal with the heat.
Storms throughout the Midwest knocked out power to hundreds of thousands of people.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says the world's leading weather stations confirm the Earth has just had the warmest June on record, since record keeping began in 1880.
Meteorologists say nine of the warmest Junes on record have occurred since 2010.
There is a lot of concern this week about fires in Greenland as part of the unusual spike in Arctic blazes.
Nullis notes Alert, Canada, the northernmost settlement on Earth, reached a high of degrees Celsius (degrees Fahrenheit) for the first time in history a few days ago.
The U.S. National Weather Service is issuing warnings about dangerous heat and humidity through this weekend in two-thirds of the United States.
I thought I might find you two here.
I thought I might find you two out here.
I thought I might find you two in here.
Tom and Mary ate lunch at the food court.
Tom and Mary ate lunch at the mall food court.
Tom and Mary ate lunch at the food court in the mall.
On July 20, 1969, American astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin set foot on the lunar surface – the first men on the moon.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, is celebrating the 50th anniversary of this historic event in style – by restoring and reopening the control room that handled the historic Apollo mission.
It looks every bit alive and real as it did in 1969, as though engineers and scientists just stepped away for a moment.
The United Nations says more than million people around the world are hungry, while at same time, obesity is hitting record levels.
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria pose one of the biggest threats to global health, according to the World Health Organization.
The scientists are experimenting with tiny, manmade nanomachines that can drill into a cell, killing it.
The machines are single molecule motors that can spin at about million rotations a second when a blue light shines on them. As they spin, they drill into the cell.
Harmful bacteria cannot mutate to overcome this type of weapon.
“We may have found something that the cell could never build a resistance to,” he added.
The nanomachines are so small that about 50,of them can fit across the diameter of a human hair.
The nanomachines can drill into cancer cells, causing the cells’ nucleus to disintegrate into fragments.
The report notes the highest hunger rates are in Africa.
In Asia, more than million people, primarily in the southern part of the continent, are suffering from malnutrition.
Malnutrition has lasting impacts on its victims, especially children, who suffer from stunting and wasting.
So the question is what are we going to do about it?
Beasley said the problem of world hunger is solvable, but is not achievable without ending war and conflicts, which consume a huge portion of the global economy that could be used for development.
There are about million obese people in the world.
Trends indicate that the numbers of overweight and obese people in Africa and Asia will soon exceed those who are hungry.
Let's hang out.
Widespread obesity makes Trump's military recruitment goals a challenge.
A Department of Defense report found that nearly three-quarters of young Americans are unfit to serve in America’s military.
The worldwide measles outbreak is the starkest and most alarming example of what can happen when vaccine coverage across countries and communities falls below percent.
Last year, nearly 350,measles cases were reported globally, more than double that of 2017.
WHO’s director of the Department of Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals, Kate O’Brien warns measles outbreaks are not just persisting, but are increasing.
Apollo astronauts - Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Mike Collins - blasted off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida years ago on the towering Saturn Five rocket to begin their journey to the moon.
Collins, who remained in the Apollo command module while his fellow astronauts Aldrin and Armstrong landed on the moon, said he was very happy being alone in the spacecraft as it orbited the moon.
Saturn’s moon Titan has all the right ingredients for life.
NASA’s newly announced mission, Dragonfly, will explore the icy moon from the air and the ground to determine whether life ever arose there.
At first glance, Titan looks a lot like Earth. Lakes and seas are scattered across the northern hemisphere, and occasional rains dampen its sandy surface.
The similarities end there.
Titan is so cold that water exists as rock-hard ice, and oily methane falls from the sky and trickles into the seas.
The sand is made up of organic materials built from carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and oxygen, completely unlike what you’d find on any beach on Earth.
Titan’s surface is hidden from view by its hazy atmosphere, which is four times denser than Earth’s.
The idea of building an aircraft to fly in Titan’s thick atmosphere isn’t new, but it wasn’t until drone technology became more advanced that the Dragonfly team realized they could make their dream of flying on Titan a reality.
I haven't changed. You have.
The world can't afford to build any more fossil fuel burning plants if it hopes to avoid catastrophic climate change, according to a new study in the journal Nature.
You sound like you don't believe me.
Try to be less annoying.
Stop being annoying.
I'm not up to anything.
I'm not up to anything!
Could you try being less annoying?
He was a good kisser.
He was not a good kisser.
Why don't you just ask her out?
Why don't you just ask him out?
He's not really my type.
She's not really my type.
Tom wasn't sure if he'd done the right thing.
I'd never been so scared in my life.
Tom didn't ask how Mary had died.
I found doing that really difficult.
Tom saw a cat under his car.
Why don't you just ask Mary out?
How many Canadians do you have working here?
We want to hire Canadians.
We hope you didn't get hurt.
We hope that you didn't get hurt.
We know you can do that.
Tom knew that was happening.
Tom knew that that was happening.
Have you ever contemplated suicide?
Have you ever thought about commiting suicide?
Tom never heard from Mary again.
Tom knew what was happening.
I didn't realize that at that time.
Tom never told Mary how he felt.
Tom knows how to make pizza.
Tom doesn't know how to make pizza.
I don't appreciate your ignoring me.
Tom begged Mary to stay with him.
Tom needed to comb his hair.
Tom needs to comb his hair.
Tom should comb his hair.
What's Tom done today?
Tom's wide-eyed optimism is beginning to grate on my nerves.
Most gulls include crabs and small fish in their diet.
Josue did as Moses had spoken, and he fought against Amalec; but Moses, and Aaron, and Hur, went up upon the top of the hill.
I have a thing which proves that I did it.
And when Moses lifted up his hands, Israel overcame; but if he let them down a little, Amalec overcame.
Good riddance.
And Moses's hands were heavy: so they took a stone, and put under him, and he sat on it: and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands on both sides. And it came to pass, that his hands were not weary until sunset.
I'll talk to you at a more appropriate time.
You just need to find the right words.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of pie.
Tom's dog is a cockapoo called Mary.
Tom Jackson is a Tory.
Trump's declaration on Jerusalem is evidence of a total disregard for international law.
He's sitting.
He's standing.
These are my sons'.
Islam is not a crime.
Ancestry is not a crime.
Being Berber is not a crime.
Being black is not a crime.
Being Muslim is not a crime.
Being Jewish is not a crime.
Being Christian is not a crime.
Speaking Berber is not a crime.
Being from Kabylie is not a crime.
Being Algerian is not a crime.
Claiming you're Berber is not a crime.
Berber is my language and speaking it is not a crime.
This watch loses three minutes a day.
And Josue put Amalec and his people to flight, by the edge of the sword.
I am weary of this hot weather.
And the Lord said to Moses: Write this for a memorial in a book, and deliver it to the ears of Josue; for I will destroy the memory of Amalec from under heaven.
The heat won't abate.
Some people lack empathy.
I hope that there will be parity amongst people someday.
There is no parity amongst people.
I don't know what you are playing at.
And Moses built an altar; and called the name thereof, The Lord, my exaltation, saying: Because the hand of the throne of the Lord, and the war of the Lord shall be against Amalec, from generation to generation.
This is the first time that I have seen her smoking.
He shared his food with them even though he lacked it.
During the night, a wasp stung my temple.
During the night, a wasp stung me in the temple.
The child is on his way to school.
He formed the clay into a ball.
He formed a ball from the clay.
Children should attend a school.
Would you donate a kidney?
Some children don't go to school. They are homeschooled.
She plants trees.
She is planting trees.
And when Jethro the priest of Madian, the kinsman of Moses, had heard all the things that God had done to Moses, and to Israel his people, and that the Lord had brought forth Israel out of Egypt:
If it is always so hot, I will move somewhere to the north.
When they woke up and looked out the window in the morning, they saw snow outside.
Could you stop lecturing me, please?
He took Sephora, the wife of Moses, whom he had sent back, and her two sons, of whom one was called Gersam: his father saying, I have been a stranger in a foreign country. And the other Eliezer: For the God of my father, said he, is my helper, and hath delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh.
And Jethro, the kinsman of Moses, came with his sons, and his wife to Moses into the desert, where he was camped by the mountain of God. And he sent word to Moses, saying: I Jethro, thy kinsman, come to thee, and thy wife, and thy two sons with her.
And he went out to meet his kinsman, and worshipped and kissed him: and they saluted one another with words of peace.
This refrigerator is very heavy.
And when he was come into the tent, Moses told his kinsman all that the Lord had done to Pharaoh, and the Egyptians in favour of Israel: and all the labour which had befallen them in the journey, and that the Lord had delivered them.
A human being's worth is measured by his or her billfold.
And Jethro rejoiced for all the good things that the Lord had done to Israel, because he had delivered them out of the hands of the Egyptians.
And he said: Blessed is the Lord, who hath delivered his people out of the hand of Egypt.
You need him.
Now I know, that the Lord is great above all gods; because they dealt proudly against them.
Now, I've found what I've been searching.
All of Tom's friends were getting ready to go to college.
Tom unfollowed Mary.
Tom unfriended Mary.
There is no evidence that e-cigarettes help people quit.
The World Health Organization warns tobacco has a huge health and economic cost.
The World Health Organization says cigarettes are the number one risk factor for cardiovascular disease, cancers and respiratory diseases.
A new WHO report found that progress in combating the tobacco epidemic and in reducing demand is being made, but not enough.
Program manager of WHO's tobacco control unit, Vinayak Prasad, accuses the tobacco industry of being devious and finding new ways to hinder progress.
By the way, you're very attractive.
She turned red.
Mary turned red.
Tom is narcissistic.
Tom has started high school.
I'd like to visit Boston sometime.
Tom hired a hitman to kill Mary.
Tom joined the conversation.
We don't have much time for lunch.
Tom is having a fight with Mary.
What's the name of the disease Tom died of?
No one knows we're cousins.
No one knows that we're cousins.
No one knows that you're my cousin.
Nobody knows that you're my cousin.
Is Tom giving you trouble?
Is he giving you trouble?
Is she giving you trouble?
Tom is a very attractive man.
Tom is very intimidating, isn't he?
You're a pretty good guitarist.
Children often say stupid things.
Don't make fun of yourself that way.
Please don't think that way.
Tom quickly apologized.
Mary quickly apologized.
I don't see what difference that makes.
You're still a very attractive woman.
I hope I didn't say anything inappropriate.
I hope I haven't said anything inappropriate.
I hope I haven't done anything inappropriate.
Tom died en route to the hospital.
The baby was born en route to the hospital.
Mary gave birth en route to the hospital.
It was a fast delivery.
We have to find another option.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was wrong.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was against the rules.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was illegal.
Sorry, I didn't know.
The doctors say you were very lucky.
The doctors say Tom was very lucky.
The bullet grazed his skull.
Don't put yourself down.
Have you ever considered contributing to Tatoeba as a developer?
That might be Tom's umbrella.
You're every bit as attractive as Mary.
You're just as attractive as Mary.
Tatoeba corporation is one of the largest corporations in the world.
Tatoeba corporation is one of the biggest companies in the world.
Tom bumped his head.
Don't focus on negative things.
Focus on positive things.
Mary sniffled.
Tom sniffled.
Class warfare is good, actually.
I'm glad we got that out of the way.
Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty.
Tom isn't afraid to get his hands dirty.
Tom massaged Mary's ego.
Tom massaged his ego.
What's your new phone number?
Tom tripped on a tree root.
Tom tripped on a root.
Tom tripped on a branch.
Tom tripped on a rock.
Tom tripped and fell flat on his face.
Can I borrow some of your clothes?
Mary will do just fine.
That will do just fine.
One at a time.
We'd better get back home.
I think you look much better now.
Our conversation was interrupted.
Your glasses are all steamed up.
Tom's glasses got all steamed up.
You're being disingenuous.
Tom is being disingenuous.
Tom was being disingenuous.
Tom swung his camera on his shoulder.
Tom fell flat on his face and broke his glasses.
Tom woke up in Mary's arms.
He woke up in her arms.
Tom filled out college applications.
Don't you remember what I told you?
Thankfully, that didn't happen.
Tom got an A on the test.
Tom got a B on the test.
Tom got a C on the test.
Tom got a D on the test.
I know you're upset with me.
Tom's glasses slipped down his nose.
I'm glad that's out of the way.
So, was it worth it?
Tom is an instagrammer.
Tom was put on house arrest.
Tom needs help on the farm.
Tom deleted the picture.
Tom said that he had deleted the picture.
That proves my theory.
This proves my theory.
Does she like you, too?
Does he like you, too?
"Does he like you, too?" "I have no idea."
"Does she like you, too?" "I have no idea."
"Does she like you, too?" "I don't know."
"Does she like you, too?" "I'm not sure."
Welcome to my world.
Tom had to admit it was funny.
Mary had to admit it was funny.
I had to admit it was funny.
Tom made out like a bandit.
We'll play a tennis match.
We're annoying the teacher.
Come on. Kill me.
Come on. Try to hit me.
We were thrilled by the news.
Where are you going to be tomorrow evening?
Tom said he had deleted the picture.
We only have one choice.
The doctors say that Tom was very lucky.
You're my flesh and blood.
I had to admit that it was funny.
I hope that I didn't say anything inappropriate.
I hope that I haven't done anything inappropriate.
I hope that I haven't said anything inappropriate.
What you're wearing is inappropriate.
I know that you're upset with me.
I think that you look much better now.
I'd forgotten how much fun doing this is.
I'm glad that that's out of the way.
It's OK to make mistakes.
That'll do just fine.
The doctors say that you were very lucky.
I've found what I've been looking for.
I've finally found what I've been looking for.
I'm glad that we got that out of the way.
You just make the whole thing complicated by your attitude.
Speak to me in French.
Learn to appreciate what you have.
Weigh my suitcases for me.
Weigh yourself and tell me how much you weigh.
Attach this tag to your suitcase.
Put this sticker on your suitcase.
Ignore everything Tom says.
Pursue your interests.
Commit this to memory.
Pour me another cup of coffee.
Pour some cold water over your head.
Pour this down the sink.
Translate this into French.
Translate this into French, please.
Pay over there.
Pay on your way out.
Offer Tom something to drink.
Buy me another beer and I'll think about it.
Cover that lumber with a tarp.
Release the prisoners.
Release all the prisoners.
Burn all this stuff.
Sleep as long as you can.
Feed the dog.
Repeat what you just said.
Wish for what you really want.
Collect your things and leave.
Dig a little faster.
Escape if you can.
Laugh as often as you can.
Permit me to do that for you.
Do everything with deliberation.
Tom said that he had deleted all the pictures.
So Jethro, the kinsman of Moses, offered holocausts and sacrifices to God: and Aaron and all the ancients of Israel came, to eat bread with him before God.
I have photographic evidence.
Tom said that he had photographic evidence.
Tom sent the picture to Mary.
Tom sent the picture to all his friends.
Mathematics is the key to unlocking the secrets of nature.
Tom sent the picture to Mary. Mary then sent it to Alice.
Tom sent the picture to Mary. Mary then sent it to all her friends.
And the next day Moses sat to judge the people, who stood by Moses from morning until night.
And when his kinsman had seen all things that he did among the people, he said: What is it that thou dost among the people? Why sittest thou alone, and all the people wait from morning till night?
Gulls are able to foresee a storm long before its appearance.
When people said that Tom had married Mary only because her uncle had left her a fortune, he answered that he would have done so regardless of who had left her the inheritance.
Julia added me on Facebook yesterday. Do you know why?
If you don't know a word, look it up in a dictionary.
Please be at work on time.
And Moses answered him: The people come to me to seek the judgment of God.
Tom showed the picture to all his friends.
Tom showed the pictures to his friends and family.
Tom showed the pictures from his last vacation to his friends and family.
Do you really need to ask?
Tom sent Mary a picture of his friends.
Tom showed me the pictures on his phone.
Tom showed me all the photos on his phone.
Tom showed me the photos from his last vacation on his phone.
Apparently, nobody listens to me.
How does the discovery relate to scientific progress?
Use words that precisely describe something.
I bought a word processor in order to write a book of my own.
And when any controversy falleth out among them, they come to me to judge between them, and to shew the precepts of God, and his laws.
But he said: The thing thou dost is not good. Thou art spent with foolish labour, both thou, and this people that is with thee; the business is above thy strength, thou alone canst not bear it.
Tom is a Mr. Know-it-all.
The magnet became demagnetized.
Neodymium magnets are very strong magnets.
Tom invented a perpetual motion machine.
Tom claims to have invented a perpetual motion machine.
At first, Tom refused to believe the rumors.
At first, Mary refused to believe the rumors.
At first, Tom did not believe the rumors.
The sea is very deep.
Should I just wing it?
Tom doesn't really talk to Mary.
I found doing that very difficult.
Tom got involved in a fight.
I got up at six o'clock.
Tom sent a picture of his friends to Mary.
Tom sent Mary the picture.
Shift into third gear.
Water the garden.
Hand that to me.
Hand me that.
Hand that hammer to me.
Sound the alarm.
Oil the chain.
Record what Tom says and send it to me.
Please record Tom's concert and send me the audio file.
You should build a doghouse for your dog.
Dry your hands on this towel.
Paint the ceiling first.
Brush the snow off your coat before you come inside.
Exit through the rear door.
Plant the lettuce over there.
Taste this and tell me what you think.
Notice how Tom does that.
Notice how many people are absent today.
Register when you have time.
Leave whenever you want to.
Fan yourself with this.
Use this to fan yourself.
Pack some sunscreen.
Pack an extra pair of socks.
Sort these names alphabetically.
Carry this over there.
Season to taste.
Wave to Tom.
Copy what's on the blackboard.
Copy what's on the blackboard into your notebook.
Dream about me tonight, OK?
Go milk the cows.
Go feed the chickens.
Catch this.
Tie your dog to that tree.
Leave your dog outside.
Sharpen this ax for me.
Hang your jacket on that hook over there.
Loan me some money.
Pause for a moment to think.
If you're going to smoke, smoke over there.
Surprise your wife with a gift.
Blow these balloons up for me.
Would you mind blowing these balloons up for me?
We all chipped in thirty dollars to help pay for Tom's operation.
Dust off the furniture.
Please iron these shirts.
Would you mind ironing this shirt for me?
Iron these shirts first.
Mail these letters on your way to work.
Let's tackle these problems one at a time.
Could you bake a cake for Tom's birthday party?
Row me to the other side of the river.
Surprise me.
Load all these boxes onto the truck.
Use a sharp knife to slice tomatoes.
Tune my guitar for me.
Could you tune my guitar for me?
Please tune my guitar for me.
Don't tell me you feel sorry for me.
Don't accept the world as it is.
Their English is perfect.
I will join the army.
I'll join the army.
Please gift-wrap this.
We've insulated the house with expanded polystyrene foam panels, millimetres thick.
Alphabetize this list of names.
Push that button.
They need a car.
Wipe the dust off the table.
Could you please unlock the door for me?
Thaw out the meat before cooking it.
He is rude and ignorant and people avoid him.
They're totally ignorant.
I don't like surprises like this.
I did tell you not to buy me any gifts.
He told us to stay calm.
He thinks he's passed the exam.
He denied seeing her there.
After he had watered the garden, he coiled the hose and put it into the shed.
Don't throw garbage where it does not belong.
There's a birdbath in the garden.
Between the devil and the deep blue sea.
Those who don’t read will, when they are 70, have led only one life: their own! Those who read will have lived 5,years: they were there when Cain killed Abel, when Renzo married Lucia and when Leopardi admired the infinite…because reading is immortality backwards.
You will need a car.
You're taking it too seriously.
I'm living in Germany.
Mary is my ex.
Boris Johnson is a scumbag.
Boris Johnson is a pest.
This is much easier.
That is much easier.
He has discovered our secret.
I have to some extent studied all of these utopias about creating a perfect language or from some original Adamic language, to those languages that are called universal, such as Esperanto, Volapük and others that aim not to be perfect languages but to be auxiliary languages.
I have even studied the grammar of Esperanto to understand what it’s about, and I came to two conclusions. It is a very, very well-made language. From the linguistic viewpoint, it really follows admirable criteria of economy of language and efficiency. Secondly, all other movements for international languages have failed, but not that of Esperanto, which further unites humanity everywhere in the world, because behind Esperanto is an idea, an ideal.
What I’m getting at is that Zamenhof not only built a linguistic object, but that behind that was an idea — an idea of brotherhood, a pacifist idea. That strength of an ideal — for which Esperantists were even persecuted under Nazism and Stalinism — is still conserved by the community of Esperantists. One cannot say that it has failed, but one thing needs to be said: the reason why any language is successful is always indefinable.
A hive can have only one queen.
My father is threatening to disinherit me.
The phone needs to be charged.
A chain of mountains protects the valley from northern winds.
A mountain chain protects the valley from the northern winds.
Tom's dark face looked exhausted.
A real man only goes to the doctor when a spear fragment in his back begins to disturb his sleep.
Foam is white.
He assigned me a new task.
He did what I instructed him to do.
This house doesn't qualify for reconstruction.
This house doesn't qualify for renovation.
Mary's girlfriend is a politician.
Tom's husband is a nurse.
To a bone that complained that a dog kept nibbling him, he said: Well, you're so hard and I do not have anything else to do.
To a bone that complained that a dog kept nibbling him, he said: Sorry, you are so hard and I do not have anything else to do.
The Netherlands imports coffee and cotton.
Cotton is a natural fabric.
A bone says to a dog: be careful, I'm hard. The dog answers: it does not matter because I have nothing else to do.
The denigration is inexcusable.
The denigration is unforgivable.
There is no excuse for denigration.
I didn't read any of the comments.
Tom brushed Mary's hair for her.
Tom asked us many questions.
I didn't realize that at the time.
Tom couldn't go to Mary's house.
Tom gave us terrible advice.
I don't want to read the comments.
Tom doesn't know Mary that well.
Tom doesn't know Mary all that well.
We had three guests to dinner.
We don't have a TV in our house.
We had a lot of fun dancing.
We usually go to bed at midnight.
Tom is a very talkative person.
We stayed at the HIlton.
We voted for Tom.
We all voted for Tom.
Could you help me move this desk?
We went to the shoe store.
They drink water.
But hear my words and counsels, and God shall be with thee. Be thou to the people in those things that pertain to God, to bring their words to him, and to shew the people the ceremonies, and the manner of worshipping; and the way wherein they ought to walk, and the work that they ought to do.
It's not for nothing that they say love is blind.
There's a reason they say love is blind.
And provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, in whom there is truth, and that hate avarice, and appoint of them rulers of thousands, and of hundreds, and of fifties, and of tens.
Who may judge the people at all times: and when any great matter soever shall fall out, let them refer it to thee, and let them judge the lesser matters only: that so it may be lighter for thee, the burden being shared out unto others.
If thou dost this, thou shalt fulfil the commandment of God, and shalt be able to bear his precepts: and all this people shall return to their places with peace.
And when Moses heard this, he did all things that he had suggested unto him. And choosing able men out of all Israel, he appointed them rulers of the people, rulers over thousands, and over hundreds, and over fifties, and over tens. And they judged the people at all times.
And whatsoever was of greater difficulty they referred to him, and they judged the easier cases only.
Life is a burden.
You lived in Osaka until you were years old.
They visited their grandmother.
The farmers are working in the field.
Marie doesn't eat lettuce.
Shoes can change your life. Just ask Cinderella.
She has no sex appeal.
These pirates are armed to the teeth.
"Will you do your homework after dinner?" "Yes."
And he let his kinsman depart: and he returned and went into his own country.
Class conflict is good, actually.
Class struggle is good, actually.
Children try to educate their parents as best they can.
The song Lili Marleen is about two lovers who stand next to a lamppost.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a disgrace to the Jewish people.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a shande.
In the third month of the departure of Israel out of the land of Egypt, on this day they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
If my aunt had testicles, she'd be my uncle.
Here, take this with you. It could come in useful.
That is a significant problem.
For departing out of Raphidim, and coming to the desert of Sinai, they camped in the same place, and there Israel pitched their tents over against the mountain.
And Moses went up to God; and the Lord called unto him from the mountain, and said: Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel: You have seen what I have done to the Egyptians, how I have carried you upon the wings of eagles, and have taken you to myself.
Tom got a sound beating from his mother because he had lied.
I'm the one who drives.
If therefore you will hear my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my peculiar possession above all people: for all the earth is mine.
This willow-tree looks like a mammoth.
Life's like this gold ring.
And you shall be to me a priestly kingdom, and a holy nation. These are the words thou shalt speak to the children of Israel.
Moses came; and calling together the elders of the people, he declared all the words which the Lord had commanded.
How many goals have you scored?
And all the people answered together: All that the Lord hath spoken, we will do.
And when Moses had related the people's words to the Lord, the Lord said to him: Lo, now will I come to thee in the darkness of a cloud, that the people may hear me speaking to thee, and may believe thee for ever.
Would you like to go to the beach with me?
Do you intend to go to Rio?
Isn't it dangerous?
Tom offered me my first job.
I had a normal life growing up.
Tom had a normal life growing up.
Could you please add my friend to your group?
Tom got lost in the woods, but found his way back.
Why has the population of this city trebled since 1900?
She is blonde.
I bought Tom a sweater.
I bought a sweater for Tom.
I can't stand hearing groans from anyone.
Helium is capable of penetrating glass.
They're on television.
I don't love anyone.
All girls love teddy bears.
And Moses told the words of the people to the Lord. And he said to him: Go to the people, and sanctify them to day, and to morrow, and let them wash their garments.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
You are a thief.
Portuguese is at present the seventh most spoken language in the world.
And let them be ready against the third day; for on the third day the Lord will come down in the sight of all the people, upon Mount Sinai.
And thou shalt appoint certain limits to the people round about, and thou shalt say to them: Take heed ye go not up into the mount, and that ye touch not the borders thereof: every one that toucheth the mount, dying he shall die.
No hands shall touch him, but he shall be stoned to death, or he shall be shot through with arrows: whether it be beast, or man, he shall not live. When the trumpet shall begin to sound, then let them go up into the mount.
And Moses came down from the mount to the people, and sanctified them. And when they had washed their garments, he said to them: Be ready against the third day, and come not near your wives.
Tom is a massive twat.
According to Mary, Tom is a massive twat.
Tom's a massive twat.
According to Mary, Tom's a massive twat.
We are currently offline for maintenance.
Routine maintenance usually takes less than an hour. If this turns into an extended outage, we will tweet updates from the site or post details on the status blog.
He hid it in the church.
He's hidden it in the church.
And now the third day was come, and the morning appeared: and behold thunders began to be heard, and lightning to flash, and a very thick cloud to cover the mount, and the noise of the trumpet sounded exceeding loud; and the people that was in the camp, feared.
Take my wife - please!
And when Moses had brought them forth to meet God, from the place of the camp, they stood at the bottom of the mount.
How can I search for text?
How can I limit which translations are displayed?
How can you make shortcuts to the pages you use frequently?
And all Mount Sinai was on a smoke: because the Lord was come down upon it in fire, and the smoke arose from it as out of a furnace: and all the mount was terrible.
How can I quickly do a lot of linking?
How can I choose which translations are displayed?
And the sound of the trumpet grew by degrees louder and louder, and was drawn out to a greater length: Moses spoke, and God answered him.
And the Lord came down upon Mount Sinai, in the very top of the mount, and he called Moses unto the top thereof.
And when he was gone up thither, he said unto him: Go down, and charge the people; lest they should have a mind to pass the limits to see the Lord, and a very great multitude of them should perish.
Tom's a kvetch.
Tom is a kvetch.
The most important tags for corpus maintainers are those that request a particular operation.
If a user has not responded within this period of time, you are free to change or delete his or her sentence yourself.
Note that there is no way to visit these pages through the normal user interface.
You must either click on the links below, bookmark them for your own use, or type them into your browser.
Freethinkers can sleep in on Sundays.
Tom's voice sounded mocking.
I'm sorry if it sounded like I was mocking you.
It sounded like Tom was mocking you.
I'm sorry if it sounded as if I was mocking you.
It sounded as if Tom was mocking you.
Frost is a layer of ice crystals.
I have a stomach ulcer.
Tom's squirrel likes to listen to rock music.
She left on a Monday.
Tom lets Mary do her own thing.
Tom turned thirteen today.
I chose what I thought was right.
Tom ran after Mary to stop her.
I looked at Tom's pictures.
I didn't come to Boston for this.
Tom told Mary about his father.
Tom couldn't have heard us.
I don't care what you want to do.
Tom was at work when Mary died.
Tom had beer on his breath.
I'll tell you the details later.
Tom was living in Mary's house.
Tom hated his French class.
We'll have to wait several hours.
Tom was rude to Mary's parents.
Why did you sell your motorcycle?
Tom agreed to take care of Mary.
Tom took a sip of his wine.
I'm the one who should thank you.
The pillow is uncomfortable.
The priests also that come to the Lord, let them be sanctified, lest he strike them.
You're as clumsy as an ox.
I'd take that as a compliment.
You are perfect.
I don't do that to people, do I?
And Moses said to the Lord: The people cannot come up to Mount Sinai: for thou didst charge, and command, saying: Set limits about the mount, and sanctify it.
Mind if I tried your pizza?
And the Lord said to him: Go, get thee down; and thou shalt come up, thou and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people pass the limits, nor come up to the Lord, lest he kill them.
You deserved to win.
You made a fool out of yourself.
And Moses went down to the people and told them all.
They've got me curious.
And the Lord spoke all these words: I am the Lord thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
There are stairs.
He tried coffee.
Thou shalt not have strange gods before me.
Thou shalt not make to thyself a graven thing, nor the likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, nor of those things that are in the waters under the earth.
I have read the article and now I'm writing a summary.
Ali went to the TRNC.
"Do you live in Montreal?" "Quebec, actually."
I want to live in Athens.
I live in Dublin.
I'm going to move to Paris in 2021.
We're going to Malmö tomorrow.
Thiago lives in Madrid with his wife.
We're going to Milan.
When are you going to go to Sydney?
He didn't appear until late at night.
I still have a suitcase to unpack.
We still have things to unpack.
Stay just the way you are.
You're always pushing people around.
Thou shalt not adore them, nor serve them: I am the Lord thy God, mighty, jealous, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me, and shewing mercy unto thousands to them that love me, and keep my commandments.
You truly are a joy to be around.
I do want to know Warsaw.
I really like Google Drive.
Has the evening edition of the newspaper come out already?
What do you plan to do after graduation?
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain: for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that shall take the name of the Lord his God in vain.
She squeamishly wrinkled her nose.
We will be able to breed cows and sheep, for example.
The existence of the soul remains a question for scientists.
I usually don't drink this much.
Tom took his dog with him.
Tom kept asking Mary questions.
I never enjoyed studying French.
Tom took French last year.
Tom is still friends with Mary.
I didn't want to ruin the party.
Tom jumped into the fight.
Tom drove over to Mary's house.
I wonder whose bicycle this is.
Tom heard the baby crying.
Tom didn't like what Mary said.
I have no memory of doing that.
Tom didn't order anything.
Tom didn't know Mary that well.
I hear how it is in pain.
You should really start the journey to find out where it leads to.
How can I make shortcuts to the pages I use frequently?
To each their own.
If you are new to the Tatoeba Project, I'd suggest looking at the Quick Start Guide first.
You can browse through sentences.
You can jump to a randomly-selected sentence.
You can look at lists of sentences made by users and export these lists.
You can browse sentences by their tags.
You can browse sentences by language, with the latest submissions listed first.
You can view the latest contributions.
You can search for sentences.
Learn the syntax.
You can read what members are talking about.
You can read what's on the wall.
You can read the most recent comments on sentences in all languages.
You can view members' profiles that have been set to public.
You can download all the sentences.
You can register for free and become a member.
You should learn the aims of this project.
I want to drink water.
We don't want single words and phrases that are not sentences.
Read our blog entry on how to be a good contributor.
Read our blog entry about our submission policy.
Read our FAQ.
You can translate a sentence by clicking on this icon whenever you see it.
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation.
You can correct mistakes that you find in a sentence if it is not "owned" by another user.
I want to eat my lunch.
To do this, you can add alternate translations.
Instead of changing unnatural-sounding, yet correct sentences, Tatoeba prefers that you leave these and add an alternate translation.
If you feel there are several possible translations, you can add several translations in the same language.
You can add comments to sentences.
If you find a mistake, but it's "owned" by another user, then leave a comment telling the "owner" how it can be corrected.
If you see something that seems strange or you don't understand, you can leave a comment and someone may explain it to you.
If you find things that are absolute nonsense or are not sentences, you can leave a comment alerting moderators that perhaps the item should be deleted.
Generally speaking, "owned" sentences are more likely to be error-free.
This is especially true if the "owner" of a sentence is not the same person who created it.
See the "logs" on the right side of the page to see who originally created a sentence.
You can add new sentences.
The best approach is to search first to make sure the sentence is not already in the database.
Search with the sentence in quotes to find exact matches.
Another way is to go to the contribute page.
You can write on the wall.
You can create a list and add sentences.
You can add sentences to "public lists".
You can add sentences to your favorites list attached to your profile.
You can send private messages to other members.
You can record audio files.
You can add tags.
You can delete your own tags.
You can link and unlink sentences.
Read our blog entry.
You can also link any two sentences with this URL.
You can delete sentences.
Don't delete items that are unnatural-sounding or archaic without a second opinion by an experienced moderator.
Tatoeba.org seems to prefer to keep any correct sentence and even a certain number of non-sentences.
You can delete anyone's tags, not just your own.
Since you can't tell which tags are yours and which are other people's, you need to be careful about what you delete.
Admins can change a member's status and more.
Note that unless you are a programmer, you will not be able to figure out how to install this.
When I was in Kabylie, Algeria, I was a Berber teacher.
If you don't like Kabylie, leave!
Kabylie is part of Algeria and if you don't like that, leave!
Kabylie is part of Algeria, and if you live in Kabylie and don't like that, leave!
I moved out here to Kabylie.
Moving to Kabylie was his worst decision.
I was looking for jobs in Kabylie.
I lived in Kabylie without any income.
I was going to leave Kabylie anyways.
I started looking for jobs in Kabylie.
I speak Berber, so why don't I go to Kabylie and live there?
I live in Kabylie and I have a good job there.
I live in a small town in Kabylie.
What do you do in Kabylie?
"What do you do in Kabylie?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
What's your ambition in Kabylie?
I do not know Berber at all.
I took a test on my level in Berber.
I am able to communicate in Berber.
My Berber grammar is not good at all.
I decided to go to Kabylie to learn Berber.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect that's very similar to Shawi.
What do you like the most about Kabylie?
Renting an apartment in Kabylie won't cost you an arm and a leg.
When I lived in Kabylie, I started losing weight.
When I am in Kabylie, I only eat couscous.
I have an apartment in Kabylie.
I bought an apartment in Kabylie.
I did not have money when I came to Kabylie.
What's the thing you like the least in Kabylie?
We don't need racists in Kabylie.
Kabylie doesn't need racists.
Kabylie doesn't need racism.
Kabylie doesn't need racist hatred.
Kabyles don't need racist hatred.
Kabyles don't need to be "protected" by any racist group.
Kabyles don't need the "protection" of any racist organization.
This racist organization is spreading hatred in Kabylie.
No one would say something like this in Kabylie.
No one would do something like this in Kabylie.
Kabyles aren't "in danger" and they don't need a racist separatist organization to defend their rights.
Kabyles aren't an "endagered species" and they don't need a racist separatist group to defend their rights.
Most of the racist separatists affiliated to this organization live abroad.
Their couscous is so good.
We eat couscous with lots of meat.
A lot of Kabyles share the same sentiment.
I really love Kabylie.
My experience in Kabylie was overwhelmingly positive.
Kabyles don't want to be labeled as racist because of this separatist organization that's spreading hateful ideas about anyone who is not affiliated to it.
She mainly wears Kabyle dresses.
You have to ask me the question in Berber.
If you don't ask me the question in proper Berber, I won't answer.
I was working in Kabylie.
I live and work in Kabylie.
We are from Kabylie, Algeria.
I have been in Kabylie for four years.
I also have my own media company in Kabylie.
When I first came to Kabylie, I didn't speak a word of Berber.
I took many pictures in Kabylie.
In Kabylie, I have never had any problem.
We lived in Kabylie.
I wasn't in only foreigner living in Kabylie.
The separatists are spreading a lot of lies to get people to support their separatist project.
Kabyles, and Algerians in general, are tired of extremism including the racist and hateful propaganda spread by this separatist group.
I want to play with you.
She just moved back to Kabylie from Algiers.
They speak perfect Berber.
We like couscous.
I come from Kabylie, Algeria.
When will you come to Algeria?
Back in Kabylie, I was going through a really tough time.
I always wanted to move to Kabylie.
I always wanted to live in Kabylie.
We always wanted to live in Kabylie.
I sold my house in Kabylie.
I moved to Kabylie.
I didn't know any Berber.
I didn't know anyone in Kabylie.
I am in Kabylie.
My coming to Kabylie saved my life.
Living in Kabylie is a best decision I have ever made.
Moving here in Kabylie is the best decision I have ever made in my life.
I became successful in Kabylie.
When I lived in Kabylie, I didn't have a job.
He wants to leave now.
She wants to leave now.
It's now that I'm coming back from school.
I live for this junk.
I live for it.
I live for this.
Remember that thou keep holy the sabbath day.
Six days shalt thou labour, and shalt do all thy works. But on the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God: thou shalt do no work on it, thou nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy beast, nor the stranger that is within thy gates.
The spider is still in there.
There is a spider on your arm.
There is a little spider on your shoulder.
Don't move. There is a spider on your shoulder.
The spider crawled under the cabinet.
She has charm.
She has wit.
Is she around?
This one is my son.
This one is my daughter.
They may have it.
They can have it.
We don't know our father.
For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and the sea, and all things that are in them, and rested on the seventh day: therefore the Lord blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it.
I like to play.
I like joking.
I want a map.
I ate my dinner.
I had no choice but to go home.
I didn't even talk to Tom.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary.
I found that very embarrassing.
I can't tell Tom anything.
Tom and Mary have solid alibis.
Why did you go to the station?
I can't go to Tom's house.
Tom and Mary are friends again.
When did that start happening?
Don't bother me with superfluous details.
Mary thought her eyes were playing tricks on her.
Tom thought his eyes were playing tricks on him.
Preparing for her exams, Masha underlines the most important sentences in the summary with a marker.
Are you deaf or mute?
Tom was released in 2013.
Tom watched a movie with Mary.
We shouldn't use any of those.
Tom was a camp counselor.
Tom was standing next to Mary.
The boss canceled the meeting.
Here's the link.
On cloud seven.
A lot of water has flowed under the bridges since.
Like a bolt from the blue.
A storm in a tea-cup.
Like lightning.
Cold as stone.
Have a face like thunder.
It is raining pitchforks.
He has his head in the clouds.
All in a fog.
When hell freezes over.
Indian summer.
Boris Johnson's Turkish great-grandfather, who strongly opposed the Turkish War of Independence, was lynched as a traitor.
She learned to cook couscous.
She already knows how to cook couscous.
Are you moving to Kabylie?
I've got some good news for you. We're moving to Kabylie.
Smell this couscous.
This couscous gives me appetite.
I'm staying in Kabylie.
I spend my summer vacations in Kabylie.
Many Algerians spend their vacations in Kabylie.
Who needs racists in Kabylie?
Who needs terrorists and racists in Kabylie?
Who needs terrorism and racism in Kabylie?
I will live in Kabylie.
I'll be living with my mother in Kabylie.
Go to Kabylie.
He's dating a pretty Kabyle girl.
Kabyle girls are very beautiful.
I have plenty of friends in Kabylie.
Why don't you come to Kabylie?
Kabylie is part of Algeria and belongs to all Algerians.
"What's this?" "It's called couscous. Dig in!"
Does she wear Kabyle dresses?
This is Kabyle couscous.
This is a Kabyle dress.
She went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
"I want to learn Berber." "Why don't you go to Kabylie?"
"What have you got in that sauce pan?" "It's some couscous."
"Where are your siblings from?" "Paraguay."
Your new dress is very nice.
What an annoying child!
May Allah give you abundance.
I feel pity for you, you poor woman.
Argentina's Lionel Messi was kicked by a Rosario Central fan.
That's not an opinion. That's a fact. If you disagree with me, you're wrong.
I didn't believe the gossip.
To finish off, I'd like to tell you a joke.
I'm making Kabyle couscous.
What you're smelling is couscous.
It's a perfect predator.
Where was she when I was single?
We won't dwell on it.
This Kabyle dress kind of reminds me of her.
Let's see how this Kabyle dress looks on you.
I don't have to spend any more time in Kabylie.
He has an apartment in Kabylie.
Honour thy father and thy mother, that thou mayst be longlived upon the land which the Lord thy God will give thee.
The poem is on page four.
I want my Berber dictionary back and I want it now.
Berbers call their language Tamazight.
He made my whole life miserable.
His Berber poems are beautiful.
Her Berber poems are inspirational.
He speaks Berber all the time.
I read your Berber poems.
I haven't read any of your Berber poems.
I read his Berber poems.
They are interested in your Berber poetry.
His Berber poems are sincere.
His Berber poems come from the heart.
Thou shalt not commit adultery.
I am ill today.
Thou shalt not steal.
I will leave tomorrow.
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house; neither shalt thou desire his wife, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is his.
I dream of spring every day.
Is she still alive?
The Berber teacher is adorable.
And all the people saw the voices and the flames, and the sound of the trumpet, and the mount smoking; and being terrified and struck with fear, they stood afar off, saying to Moses: Speak thou to us, and we will hear: let not the Lord speak to us, lest we die.
Are we at home today?
Actually, I'm Algerian.
And Moses said to the people: Fear not; for God is come to prove you, and that the dread of him might be in you, and you should not sin.
And the people stood afar off. But Moses went to the dark cloud wherein God was.
This show has ruined my life.
These photos will ruin my reputation.
I'm getting threatening e-mails from the separatists.
I'm still getting threatening e-mails from the separatists.
I have already reported the threatening e-mails of the separatists to the authorities.
The separatists hate me and everybody hates them.
Everybody hates the separatists.
And the Lord said to Moses: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: You have seen that I have spoken to you from heaven.
They are affiliated to a separatist group. Why don't you ask them to disclose the name of their organization?
I know a lot of people from Kabylie.
My name is Taninna and I'm from Kabylie, Algeria.
He was working in Kabylie.
I hope that I will see him tomorrow.
What do you think about this Kabyle dress?
Her Kabyle dress is very revealing.
She hates this Kabyle dress.
They closed down their liquor store in Kabylie.
Kabylie is an amazing area.
My brother lives in Kabylie.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress.
She ordered a Kabyle dress online.
I got you a Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is not her size. It's way too big.
I'd gladly do it.
I'd like to do it.
You shall not make gods of silver, nor shall you make to yourselves gods of gold.
You shall make an altar of earth unto me, and you shall offer upon it your holocausts and peace offerings, your sheep and oxen, in every place where the memory of my name shall be: I will come to thee, and will bless thee.
I assumed you were Kabyle because of your name.
The separatists are racist against Arabic speakers.
We call our language Tamazight.
Tamazight is an official language in Algeria.
He's the only Algerian in the room.
And if thou make an altar of stone unto me, thou shalt not build it of hewn stones; for if thou lift up a tool upon it, it shall be defiled.
Studying Berber was the best choice for me.
The separatists come up like angels and are nothing but devils.
Can you quote anything Mouloud Mammeri said?
Everyone is worried about Algeria.
He's going to Kabylie.
I didn't teach her Berber.
Who taught you Berber?
I never got the chance to teach her Berber.
I am going to teach you Berber.
My mother taught me Berber.
Count to ten in Berber.
Can you count to ten in Berber?
Teach me how to count in Berber.
I promised to teach her Berber.
The British Prime Minister's real name is Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson.
Say something in Berber.
He's not here. He's in Kabylie.
He's just called from Kabylie.
I am talking about the Berber language.
A Berber dictionary would be a perfect gift for Taninna.
Thou shalt not go up by steps unto my altar, lest thy nakedness be discovered.
Who are the separatists to start making decisions for us?
I'm Algerian and from a Kabyle family.
Berbers are very proud of their language.
I am very interested in the Berber language.
I can hardly wait to start learning Berber.
We planned a romantic weekend in Kabylie.
I didn't see your father.
These are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.
If thou buy a Hebrew servant, six years shall he serve thee; in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.
With what raiment he came in, with the like let him go out: if having a wife, his wife also shall go out with him.
Why did she give you a Kabyle dress?
This Kabyle dress costs a hundred dollars.
This is a beautiful Kabyle dress.
You smell like olive oil.
"What's this smell?" "It's olive oil."
Where is my Kabyle dress?
This couscous is good and delicious.
But if his master gave him a wife, and she hath borne sons and daughters; the woman and her children shall be her master's: but he himself shall go out with his raiment.
I gave my speech in Berber.
She hasn't worn a Kabyle dress in a long time.
Kabylie is a mountainous region situated in northeastern Algeria.
"How's Kabylie?" "Great."
We completed our move to Kabylie.
His mother was buried in Kabylie.
This is my Kabyle dress.
I'm reading Mouloud Mammeri's novels.
I'm re-reading Mammeri's novels.
We will show you all the historical sites of Kabylie.
We're showing him Kabylie.
All the seats on this train are designated for nonsmokers.
You are destined to this fate.
How dare you insult Algeria?
How dare you insult the Algerian flag?
No one will forbid you to speak Berber.
A grin spread across his lips.
Everyone has a different perception of color. What I call yellow, others would call orange.
You know nothing about Kabyle history.
You know nothing about Kabylie.
And if the servant shall say: I love my master and my wife and children, I will not go out free: His master shall bring him to the gods, and he shall be set to the door and the posts, and he shall bore his ear through with an awl: and he shall be his servant for ever.
He lives in the east of Kabylie.
Italian is a direct descendant of Latin.
"Do you speak Berber?" "Of course."
This young man is the descendant of a Russian prince.
This Kabyle dress makes you very presentable.
I did not drink water.
I can't stop you from going to Kabylie.
The separatists have nothing to do with Kabyle values and integrity.
This youth is the descendant of a Russian prince.
He's majoring in Berber.
They were chatting in Berber.
There is a trail that goes through the forest.
How do you feel about life?
I walked on the path.
I want to make sure that my children have the best life possible.
That will be painful.
He died a painful death.
The problem is how we should manage the money.
How are they?
I stuck to my principles.
I clung to my principles.
Seek after me.
I want you to taste these pancakes and tell me if you like them.
I have an Algerian passport.
We have been to Kabylie.
Tell him I love you.
He started talking to his mother in Berber.
Say it again in Berber.
Tell them I love it.
Can I keep this Berber dictionary?
What I do in my personal life is none of your business.
Answer in Berber.
I couldn't give her the life that she deserved.
I'd love to be in her life and get to know her better.
I'm eating couscous.
Tom spent too much money.
Tom knew Mary had lied to him.
Let's not talk about religion.
Tom has finished college.
Tom is looking for Mary again.
I found that very interesting.
Tom gets terrible grades.
Tom has a key to Mary's house.
I found that really difficult.
I found that very difficult.
I found that pretty difficult.
Tom doesn't like driving.
Tom hangs out with Mary a lot.
Why did you sell your guitar?
Tom had never met Mary before.
What's going on in Australia?
My mother's name is Ina.
"Who's Ina?" "She's my mother."
I'm from Rio.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Zhang.
I've never talked to Tom.
Tom gave Mary terrible advice.
I don't like working outside.
Tom ordered wine for us.
Tom was with Mary last night.
You should think about that.
They had never met before the marriage.
Am I the only one who thinks seeing two of him?
Tom was trying to scare Mary.
You just stepped on my foot.
Tom loves being outside.
I took part in the company party.
I attended the company party.
Don't be a tosser.
Workarounds can cause accidents.
I waited for you and you did not come.
Bring him back with you.
He just went out.
Your behavior is not conducive to the desired environment.
I haven't got a car.
Tom needs lots of courage and perseverance because he has to pay attention to so many things at the same time.
The combination of these factors has led to an interesting result.
Who ate the last biscuit?
It was handmade.
Democracy is a form of government.
The house is falling apart before our eyes.
This belt is too tight on me.
The less I know about it, the better.
The more I get to know people, the more I realize why Noah only let animals on the boat.
Tom is a misogynist.
Mary is a misandrist.
Mary is a man-hater.
When he entered, he found him asleep.
Tom is a misanthropist.
He did not enter or exit.
He neither stayed, nor left.
He neither wrote nor sent anything.
He did not buy or sell.
He neither refused nor accepted.
The moonlight is dim.
Hand over the dough!
It's been a horrible day.
That was a horrible day.
Not in my back yard.
Tom heard a baby crying.
Tom was on the bus with Mary.
Why did you let that happen?
We'll see Tom tomorrow.
Tom never tried to kiss Mary.
I've deleted those pictures.
Tom heard dogs barking.
Tom never gave Mary a chance.
I kind of wanted to go home.
Tom hated being in Boston.
Our ship called at Marseille.
Tom made me sit next to Mary.
I go to Boston every Monday.
Tom folded his laundry.
Tom can't tell Mary anything.
Tom decorated his room.
I don't celebrate Christmas.
Tom canceled his party.
Tom was intimidated by Mary.
I could barely open my eyes.
Tom canceled his order.
Tom told Mary his last name.
Why do you not eat raisins?
Tom came straight home.
Tom really likes Mary's dog.
What are you arguing about?
My father keeps a small shop in Fukuoka.
My father runs a small shop in Fukuoka.
Tom talks really fast.
Tom didn't try to kiss Mary.
We'll visit Australia soon.
Tom sat in the corner.
I wonder whose dog this is.
Tom put his beer down.
Tom cut Mary's hair for her.
I go to Boston once a week.
Tom knew how to fight.
Tom caught a ride with Mary.
Tom doesn't feel safe.
Tom opened a beer for Mary.
What's going on in Boston?
Tom ate lunch with us.
We can't use any of those.
Is that Tom's bicycle?
Tom gave me Mary's address.
I don't want to speculate.
My opinion about that topic has changed several times.
Why did you help Tom?
Tom told Mary how he felt.
I don't like to eat alone.
Tom wants a male dog.
Tom stole Mary's sandwich.
I can't go swimming today.
If you don't help him, he won't make it.
Don't get me started on average speed cameras. Why don't they shell out some cash for really good speed cameras?
Tom got fined for going mph in a mph zone.
When is Bonfire Night celebrated?
Tom-phobia is on the rise on Tatoeba.
A spectre of Tomoskepticism is haunting Tatoeba.
Tom hid in Ali's house to escape lynching by the angry Tatoebans.
Tom underwent plastic surgery and changed his identity to evade capture and start a new life.
Tom took me shopping.
Tom saw Mary before I did.
Tom bought a new vacuum cleaner.
Tom bought a new hoover.
Tom hated being here.
Tom didn't let Mary do it.
I took that into account.
This pizza is nearly perfect.
Tom put down his beer.
Tom said the pizza was nearly perfect.
Gambling at a casino will most likely result in losing money.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but won't do anything against viruses.
Tom doesn't believe narwhals are real.
Tom doesn't believe that narwhals are real.
I will do it when I want to.
Nobody will tell me what I should or shouldn't do.
All the hens are already in the henhouse.
Tom thinks swans are even more vicious than geese.
Wild animals are not pets.
Tom knows that wild animals are not pets.
Tom never owns up to his mistakes.
Mary never owns up to her mistakes.
That's what they say on TV.
The rice is burned on.
The rice is scorched.
He forgot to stir the porridge, so it became scorched.
Thanks, homie!
He smokes.
If any man sell his daughter to be a servant, she shall not go out as bondwomen are wont to go out.
The ohm is the unit of measure for electrical resistance.
The second is the unit of measure for time.
The wingspan of an eagle is more than a meter.
If she displease the eyes of her master to whom she was delivered, he shall let her go: but he shall have no power to sell her to a foreign nation, if he despise her.
They're not going to die.
But if he have betrothed her to his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.
And if he take another wife for him, he shall provide her a marriage, and raiment, neither shall he refuse the price of her chastity.
If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.
He left all the windows open, the door including.
He can be friends with whoever he wants.
I won't break up with her, even if her parents wish for that.
It is me who sets the rules here.
The pictures were covered in dust.
I need to entertain myself with something.
Either you love her, or not.
Say it again and you are fired.
His presence of mind saved her life.
The old man went mushrooming and got lost in the forest.
If he do not these three things, she shall go out free without money.
I was taken aback by their animosity towards us.
They were to clean out the building last week.
They were to have cleaned out the building last week.
I am considering divorcing her.
Three horses were stolen from the stable at night.
His German is still weak but his English is excellent.
He that striketh a man with a will to kill him, shall be put to death.
But he that did not lie in wait for him, but God delivered him into his hands: I will appoint thee a place to which he must flee.
If a man kill his neighbour on set purpose, and by lying in wait for him: thou shalt take him away from my altar that he may die.
He that striketh his father or mother, shall be put to death.
I refuse to be in sunshine the whole day.
They keep an iguana as a pet.
He that shall steal a man, and sell him, being convicted of the guilt, shall be put to death.
He that curseth his father or mother, shall die the death.
The president sat in the place of honor.
If men quarrel, and the one strike his neighbour with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed: If he rise again and walk abroad upon his staff, he that struck him shall be quit, yet so that he make restitution for his work, and for his expenses upon the physicians.
He that striketh his bondman, or bondwoman, with a rod, and they die under his hands, shall be guilty of the crime.
But if the party remain alive a day or two, he shall not be subject to the punishment, because it is his money.
With every increase in scientific knowledge, man's power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good.
Her cheeks were tinged with red by the warmth of the fire.
We can only wonder at his skill at skiing.
Our international sales continue to grow, bringing the name of Toyo Computer to businesses worldwide.
If you shout from the top of a cliff, you can hear your voice echo.
Have the tourists all boarded?
Tom queued behind an old biddy with a full trolley.
If men quarrel, and one strike a woman with child and she miscarry indeed, but live herself: he shall be answerable for so much damage as the woman's husband shall require, and as arbiters shall award.
Mary is upset because Tom called her an old biddy.
Yesterday, he spent the night in a hotel.
Tom is deceptively slow.
Watch his expression when we mention a price.
I'd hardly gotten home before the telephone rang.
But if her death ensue thereupon, he shall render life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.
If any man strike the eye of his manservant or maidservant, and leave them but one eye, he shall let them go free for the eye which he put out.
Also if he strike out a tooth of his manservant or maidservant, he shall in like manner make them free.
Amanda goes to the gym almost every day.
If an ox gore a man or a woman, and they die, he shall be stoned: and his flesh shall not be eaten, but the owner of the ox shall be quit.
I love my family!
She lives in the neighborhood.
They came in such great numbers: all of them, big and small.
Can I extend my stay for one more night?
Tom and Mary are supposed to work together.
Tom and Mary have decided to call it quits.
Can you decode this message?
Tom can't have visitors.
Can you recommend a good carpenter?
Tom and Mary have three wonderful children.
Can you supply me with what I need?
Tom can't understand us.
Don't be so eager.
Tom and Mary talked on the phone every day.
I've known Mark since the start of this month.
Tom isn't totally wrong.
Don't sing that song anymore.
Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston.
Tom overheard us talking.
I want to do the job right away.
Tom doesn't believe Mary committed suicide.
We're all out of coffee.
Tom won't recognize you.
Tom doesn't know why Mary did what she did.
We see each other very often.
Tom won't take too long.
We shouldn't be wasting our time.
Tom doesn't yet know what happened to Mary.
We're too busy to do that.
Tom can't be a terrorist.
Where are my suitcases?
Tom drove by Mary's house and waved at her.
Tom can't prove anything.
Where are the elevators?
This is no life!
We did not see her recently.
He bit the dust.
Today's talk was about money.
When and where can you meet her?
Well, she's my wife.
They could not find Mary's house.
Mr. Poppins is alone, his wife has gone on vacation.
I found myself intoxicated with love.
I found myself intoxicated with passion.
Tom encouraged Mary to apply to med school.
Tom can't understand you.
Where did you get all that money?
Tom has already introduced himself to Mary.
Tom can't wait to see it.
Where did you propose to Mary?
Tom is babysitting Mary's children tonight.
Where did you work last year?
Tom doesn't remember you.
Where's the party going to be?
Tom talks to Mary every night on the phone.
Tom won't have fun there.
Tom washed his feet.
I can't wear these shoes.
Tom made this video.
Tom gave Mary bad advice.
I can't use any of those.
Tom joined our team.
I just told Tom he doesn't have to help me on Monday.
Tom is Scottish, but he doesn't speak Scots.
Tom has a thick Scottish accent.
Where are the lifts?
Tom's favourite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom's favorite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom has been working at Pernod Ricard UK for years.
Mary divorced Tom to marry Alice.
Tom's favourite poet is Robert Burns.
Tom's favorite poet is Robert Burns.
A lot of girls can successfully hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
People, stop killing each other.
He woke up when it was daylight.
He bought a sheep.
Are you interested in participating in this discussion, Tom?
He forgot himself.
Abundance of love can help to save this world.
But if the ox was wont to push with his horn yesterday, and the day before, and they warned his master, and he did not shut him up, and he shall kill a man or a woman: then the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death.
I am sure I will suffer a lot.
Let us search for what connects us, not divide.
She was ashamed of her parents.
Stay by my side, Tom.
I am tired and want to sleep.
He is said to go nuts.
He is said to lost his mind.
He is said to go crazy.
When I ran into him, I felt like running.
I never thought he was so headstrong.
And if they set a price upon him, he shall give for his life whatsoever is laid upon him.
I count on you.
If he have gored a son, or a daughter, he shall fall under the like sentence.
He has grown old, gone grey and got divorced but he has also become rich and famous.
I didn't know that he is such an idiot.
I didn't know that he was such an idiot.
They did not eat or drink, yesterday.
If he assault a bondman or bondwoman, he shall give thirty sicles of silver to their master, and the ox shall be stoned.
I want to live in a big postmodern castle amidst majestic nature.
Don't touch the camera.
Coconut trees lined the boulevards of the city.
If a man open a pit, and dig one, and cover it not, and an ox or an ass fall into it, the owner of the pit shall pay the price of the beasts: and that which is dead shall be his own.
If one man's ox gore another man's ox, and he die: they shall sell the live ox, and shall divide the price, and the carcass of that which died they shall part between them.
But if he knew that his ox was wont to push yesterday, and the day before, and his master did not keep him in; he shall pay ox for ox, and shall take the whole carcass.
It is at night that faith in light is admirable.
He is said to have an affair with a nurse.
She is said to have killed her husband.
If any man steal an ox or a sheep, and kill or sell it: he shall restore five oxen for one ox, and four sheep for one sheep.
You should have unloaded your problems to me.
Tom ordered orange juice.
"Was the film funny?" "Yeah, it was amazing! I was laughing so hard my stomach hurt!"
That author's earlier works aren't very well known.
If a thief be found breaking open a house or undermining it, and be wounded so as to die: he that slew him shall not be guilty of blood.
Not really... It's got nothing to do with you.
But if he did this when the sun is risen, he hath committed murder, and he shall die. If he have not wherewith to make restitution for the theft, he shall be sold.
If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.
The set without any elements is called the empty set and is denoted by {}.
Even though we still had an hour until closing time, my colleague Junko excitedly started getting ready to go home.
There's none so blind as those who will not see.
You're too lightly dressed.
Have you forgotten anything?
There are people.
There is a box.
A cat sleeps.
I will begin anew.
That is absolutely impossible!
Did you order a book?
A fish eats.
If that which he stole be found with him, alive, either ox, or ass, or sheep: he shall restore double.
I'll throw a fastball.
If any man hurt a field or a vineyard, and put in his beast to feed upon that which is other men's: he shall restore the best of whatsoever he hath in his own field, or in his vineyard, according to the estimation of the damage.
There must be some way то cross the river.
He's an experienced bandit.
Tom wondered if Mary was going to be there.
Tom can't take it anymore.
Tom wrote a three-page love letter to Mary.
Tom won't lose everything.
Tom and Mary are members of the same church.
Tom can't compete with you.
Tom and Mary did almost everything together.
Tom can't get away from us.
Tom can't afford to relax.
Can I stay in Boston for three more days?
Tom can't carry that much.
Can we forget what just happened?
Tom can't see us together.
Can you tell me when you're planning to do that?
Tom thought Mary was having a heart attack.
Could you help me choose a tie?
Tom told Mary to leave and never come back.
Do you play the oboe as well as you play the clarinet?
Tom wanted to know where Mary was all time.
Will it be ready on the twentieth?
Tom was supposed to be taking care of Mary.
Will you be at tonight's party?
Tom went back to work as soon as Mary left.
Will you be going to Boston by bus?
Tom won't just disappear.
Why did Tom become angry?
Tom gave Mary a few tips.
Did you oversleep again?
Tom is a big person.
I called and pretended that I was Tom.
You're really an idiot.
Tom caught Mary in a lie.
I'll be gone by Monday.
Tom commented on that.
When the waiter finally arrived, Tom ordered cheese and biscuits.
Tom, if you want cheese and crackers, just come and get them.
Tom, if you want cheese and biscuits, just come and get them.
Tom is a tosser.
Tom's a tosser.
Tom is a complete tosser.
Tom's a complete tosser.
Tom can't see the wood for the trees.
I don't want her money.
I cannot make it today.
The word "stupid" means to be at once ignorant and naïve.
To be stupid is to be ignorant and naïve all at once.
They got drunk.
You got a girlfriend? Since when?
Since when do you enjoy going to the fair?
You never talk about yourself and that worries us.
Speak for yourself. Not others.
Your talents are more needed elsewhere.
You're not truly fond of this but it helps you feel useful.
I was just trying to help you remember this sentence.
I was just helping you remember how it's said.
I was just trying to help you remember how to say it.
I wouldn't want to make you feel uncomfortable in your own skin.
You don't even try to help someone feel comfortable in your presence.
Tom is such an artful dodger that he always finds a way to get out of trouble.
I spent all my money on futile things.
How come I don't care about such things?
That's rather unfortunate, isn't it?
Need any help?
I would love to.
I will have to pass, thanks.
Would you like to go back to being a child?
Has there been an increase in bench building in Turkey?
I have a Master's degree in Business Administration.
I have a PhD degree in Business Administration.
I have a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
I'm a postgraduate student.
I got a degree in translation.
I got a degree in Translation.
Don't tell me you love me just because.
You're playing hard to get.
I didn't know how to write that.
Tom thinks that the new reddit app is much clunkier than the one he's currently using.
The verdict has been issued.
He lives somewhere in Kabylie.
He should have moved to Kabylie.
My best friend lives in Kabylie.
All my best friends are from Kabylie.
Our son lives in Kabylie now.
The fair was packed.
I live in Kabylie with a group of friends.
He left his family in Kabylie.
I haven't seen Tom in donkey's years.
We had a nice long talk about the future of the Berber language.
Tom has been living in Birmingham for donkey's years.
I wish I moved to Kabylie when I was younger.
He has the right to live his own life.
They have a warehouse in Kabylie.
They built a house in Kabylie.
He's leasing his warehouse in Kabylie.
Which series are you watching?
I'm watching Skins.
Get loose.
I went to Kabylie to find out about myself.
Mary has been a vegetarian for donkey's years.
Tom has been a vegetarian for donkey's years.
When he speaks Berber, he sounds like Dad.
We have a property in Kabylie.
When you're feeling better.
Tom hasn't been using his computer for donkey's years.
You don't need me here interfering with your own lives.
The roof of the house has fallen in.
You were completely disregardful of me when I came back from Brazil.
I was utterly indifferent to you.
He swindled me out of money.
Tom is a Brummie.
Tom is a Londoner.
He hasn't had his medication today.
Why don't we lease our house in Kabylie?
Why don't we sell our house in Kabylie?
Tom is a Scouser.
Why don't we purchase a house in Kabylie?
Tom is a Scouser at heart.
Why don't we build a house in Kabylie?
Why don't we buy a house in Kabylie?
I made an investment in Kabylie.
He's making a lot of money in Kabylie.
Tom proved he is a Scouser at heart.
Tom left Liverpool years ago, but he still has a scouse accent.
Your hunger won't help you get any more fit.
Tom is a Mancunian.
Get fit fast.
I speak a little Berber.
Ease your embrace.
My mother was Algerian.
Show me the Kabyle dress.
I have to finish these texts for my Berber class.
Tom is always complaining about the weather.
You're clumsy.
Are you struggling?
The separatist leader is, to his followers, the greatest man who has ever walked the planet. In his hands, they place their lives and their fortune.
He was tired and that's why he went to bed early.
He was tired and therefore he went to bed early.
You look lovely in this Kabyle dress.
You've always been smart. It's not something new.
I wanna go to Kabylie.
"I want to go to Kabylie." "Forget it."
You were born evil.
You've always been a good person.
He was born like that.
She was born like that.
The separatists consider their leader as a prophet.
I've got to rush now.
How harsh.
How rude!
Don't the separatists have other things to do?
I can't believe it. Seems so unreal.
The leader of the separatists is an old man. Doesn't he have other things to do?
Play where I can see you.
Sit where I can see you.
I'll give you a gift.
I'll give you ten dollars.
"How much." "A thousand." "I hope you're talking dinar."
I took the liberty to add you to the group.
Let's fight for a world without wars and force.
The Portuguese language does not escape the norm when it comes to grammatical inconsistencies.
Uncommon though it may be, we do sometimes use the suffix "ão" with the word that replaces "you" (second person plural) in Portuguese. For example: "Estão a viajar juntos?"
Does not apply.
I'm sorry, but you're neither good-looking nor interesting.
You can't complain about your grades if you don't put in any effort.
I didn't know you found me useless.
I didn't know there was a price tag on me.
"Let me see your hands." "Like you care!"
A dolphinarium is an aquarium for dolphins.
I don't dare to overtake.
A doghouse is a house for a dog.
If I am elected, I'll also forget what I promised.
It seems to me that time is running more quickly.
I should go to bed earlier.
I should have gone to bed earlier.
I must learn to go to bed earlier.
When he was asked why he had done that, he maintained a stony silence.
Charles is a cunning young man.
He cut down the forest without permission.
My grandfather went to seek silver, but the silver became Indians. My grandfather went to seek Indians, but the Indians became gold. My grandfather went to seek gold, but the gold became earth. My grandfather went to seek land, but the land became a frontier. My grandfather, still intrigued, went to shape the frontier; and Brazil took the form of a harp.
If a fire breaking out light upon thorns, and catch stacks of corn, or corn standing in the fields, he that kindled the fire shall make good the loss.
If a man deliver money, or any vessel unto his friend to keep, and they be stolen away from him that received them: if the thief be found, he shall restore double.
If the thief be not known, the master of the house shall be brought to the gods, and shall swear that he did not lay his hand upon his neighbour's goods.
To do any fraud, either in ox, or in ass, or sheep, or raiment, or any thing that may bring damage: the cause of both parties shall come to the gods: and if they give judgment, he shall restore double to his neighbour.
I bought a bottle of water.
He bought a bottle of water.
She bought a bottle of water.
We bought a bottle of water.
They bought a bottle of water.
Not everyone is friendly.
Anna has bought a car.
Tom became increasingly isolated.
Tom and Mary felt unwelcome.
Tom was discriminated against because of his name.
Tom and Mary were discriminated against because of their names.
You cancelled the meeting.
Don't suppress your feelings.
There was a big scandal.
Tom makes mountains out of molehills.
He acts like he's a king.
Mary is an athlete.
Do you have a new car?
Britain is an island.
The place was hard to reach.
They are not taking care of this dog.
Patience conquers all things.
When Hadrian was emperor, capital punishment became rarer.
Many people came.
Tom isn't here. He's already gone home.
Tom went to the bus station to pick Mary up.
Tom called me back a few minutes later.
Tom was scared to tell Mary where he'd been.
Are you and Tom really getting married?
Tom told Mary that Alice was his girlfriend.
Tom really looks like he's having fun.
Tom put his arms around Mary and kissed her.
Tom can't stay in one place very long.
Tom overheard Mary's conversation with John.
Tom said doing that wasn't very easy.
Tom made Mary's death look like an accident.
Tom won't be able to prove anything.
Tom can't drive a truck that big.
Tom is going to drop me off at Mary's house.
Tom can't be expected to do that.
Tom is bothered by Mary's childish behavior.
Tom can't take his eyes off you.
Tom is a much better chess player than Mary.
Tom can't go anywhere right now.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since last Monday.
Tom can't leave until tomorrow.
Tom has had a crush on Mary for a long time.
Tom's dog was born in October.
Tom got out of his car and ran to help Mary.
Tom should see a psychiatrist.
Tom found Mary waiting for him on the porch.
Tom can't remember what to do.
Tom didn't seem bothered by Mary's behavior.
Tom can't stay home all day.
Tom didn't realize what he had done to Mary.
Tom can't do it without you.
Tom didn't know where Mary was calling from.
Tom really looks miserable.
Tom didn't know what Mary was going through.
Tom can't take the pressure.
Tom couldn't verify anything that Mary said.
Tom claimed the robbery was all Mary's idea.
Tom can't harm you anymore.
Tom and Mary were supposed to work together.
Tom couldn't verify anything Mary said.
Tom claimed that the robbery was all Mary's idea.
For people who understand something about art, there is no need for words. One says "Hm!" "Ha!" or "Ho!", and with that everything is expressed.
Tom saw Mary a week ago.
I wasn't too impressed.
Tom caught the bird.
There's no such thing as bad weather.
I should like to be very famous but to remain unknown.
Don’t lead me on.
Tom is an ignorant cunt.
Tom is an ignorant wanker.
This letter is personal. I don't want anyone else to read it.
I speak Toki Pona.
Tom is an utter prick.
The Tube is less crowded today.
Tom hates the Tube.
Tom is an arrogant wanker.
Mary is crazy about cricket, but Tom prefers rugby.
If she could she would but we won't let her.
I'll whoop your ass so hard, you'll regret it.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't loved.
I wasn't aware I wasn't loved.
What makes you tingle real bad?
You were just another.
You're asking for it.
Be quiet or I'll be real mean.
This homework is worth two points in the final grade.
It astonishes me how fast she got to the end of the line.
It astonishes me how fast he got to the end of the line.
I don't like you enough to marry you.
I'm not fond enough of you to date you.
I don't like you to the point of wanting to share a trip with you.
I'm sorry but I don't like you in that way.
I like myself. You like yourself. She likes herself. We like ourselves. You like yourselves. They like themselves.
I don't want to be with you, and I should be respected for it.
I shouldn't have to come up with excuses to turn someone down when I go out at night but we're all aware how dangerous it can be to go out at night, let alone having yourself up for mistreatment for telling the whole truth.
I find it abusive to dig up someone's past to make them stay in a relationship against their own will.
I don't like to be put under trial.
You may go on blackmailling me, it won't do anything for you.
I wish I could tangle your hair into beautiful braids.
I found our virtual relationship to be quite cute but schizophrenic nonetheless. If I mentioned it to somebody else it's because I feel no shame nor regret regarding it. Nevertheless, it's still hard to explain how I loved someone with words alone.
Things are tight around the holiday.
Her ego is a bit too big for teaching.
I find that homosexuals can end a relationship just like a straight person can regardless of whether someone feels that being a homosexual is a social disadvantage in a straight society.
How will Algeria be ten years from now?
I find it sick that someone should be persecuted for being single in a society where pleasure and profit are the main goals.
Funny how prostitutes think they're psychologists these days.
Have you changed Tom's nappy?
Not easy sharing your opinion in a world where journalists are shot dead for sharing their opinions.
I'll talk as long as I'll live.
I'm your manager.
I'm your superior.
I am your teacher.
I am your boss.
I am your manager.
Don't touch that dress.
At the end of the day, she's still the mother of my kids.
I promise I'll do everything in my power to take care of you.
She never had a child of her own.
"Let me just talk to them." "They don't want to talk to you."
She brought you something.
I bought you a tablet.
She grabbed me by the ears and had me go to the beautician.
I almost regret talking about myself through virtual means.
It's going to cost you an arm and a leg, and possibly a few internal organs too.
Brazillian people find it hard to understand Portuguese pronouns. Therefore, it would be useful to teach them what they mean so that arguments shouldn't arise so often between both peoples.
Don't try to do it by yourself, you won't manage it.
Next time, don't get married.
He got his nose scrapped.
They find me uncapable of following through with this profession.
Nobody is against prostitution in itself but not a single soul likes prostitutes. They do nothing but blackmail and manipulate you. They care less about your well-being, all they care for is their money.
I'm really worried about my finals.
We're sick of all the noise.
The exhibition contained really astonishing paintings.
Lakmini asked her elder brother Kalindu if he would like to accompany her to the Pinnawala Open Zoo on the weekend.
We say goodbye to our school friends.
Laughable how prostitutes want to be loved by stealing your money.
Tom lost his husband a few months ago.
Tom died for your sins.
Tom didn't die for that.
Tom has died for your sins.
Tom's died for your sins.
I don't want to discuss it over the phone.
Treat me as you've always treated me.
Treat me as you've always done.
I'm not such a bad person anymore.
Can you fix me it?
Shut up. You're making too much noise. I'm trying to watch TV.
I moved by myself.
I moved in with some girl friends.
I moved to another city with my family.
They woke up early.
You woke up early.
I don't know which trousers to pick.
What's the price tagged on it?
Stop being such a prude!
Don't chicken out.
You're not making me feel anything nobody has ever made me feel before.
You're not making me feel anything I haven't already felt.
You're not making me feel anything I haven't already made myself feel before.
Tom's house is on the market.
This has probably happened to all of us.
This has probably happened to all of us at least once.
It worked right out of the box.
The TV worked right out of the box.
Tom's new TV worked right out of the box.
Name your price.
This has probably happened to most of us.
Tom couldn't bring himself to watch.
Mary couldn't bring herself to watch.
I couldn't bring myself to watch.
You've made her cry.
You've made him cry.
It hurt everywhere.
It hurts everywhere.
I must ask Nick for his new address and telephone number.
Life in the countryside is simpler than life in the city.
They owe a lot of money.
Aren't you going for a walk?
Tom and Mary watched a science-fiction movie.
Tom and Mary watched a utopian science-fiction movie.
Tom and Mary watched a dystopian science-fiction movie.
Tom sits behind Mary.
Tom sits behind Mary in class.
Tom was not having an easy time.
Tom is not having an easy time.
Tom filled the water balloon.
Tom and Mary played with water balloons.
Tom filled the balloon with water.
Tom came up with an idea.
Mary came up with an idea.
The young man came up with an idea.
The young woman came up with an idea.
It sounds fun.
It sounds fun. Let's do it!
It was an era before the Internet.
Tom foraged through the forest.
Tom and Mary foraged through the forest.
Most people don't think that way.
Are these Tom's pencils?
Tom went to the hospital to speak with Mary.
Tom showed me a picture of his new car.
Tom and Mary met three years before Tom died.
Tom showed me a picture of his parents.
Tom and Mary see each other almost every day.
Tom asked me some very personal questions.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where his car was.
Tom believes in UFOs and alien abductions.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the front gate.
Tom couldn't believe what he'd just heard.
You're looking beautiful!
We don't want her.
He wrote a letter to the one he loves.
Tom made a driving faux pas and nearly died from the glares of annoyance from the other drivers.
Tom is probably on the spectrum.
Don't insult her.
Why am I being insulted for simply expressing an opinion?
For your information, I have not insulted you.
My uncle is deaf.
This restaurant is pants.
Tomás is self-conscious.
There was no other option.
We had no other option but to bring her back from Brazil. She wouldn't stop whining.
We had no other option but to bring her back from Brazil.
If we hadn't brought her back from Brazil, she would've got very depressed.
I haven't heard of it yet.
I've heard.
Have you heard something about this?
Do you have an underground map?
So I've heard.
How did you learn about it?
Tom didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose him.
Tom likes living dangerously.
My dad never managed to adapt to the city, he's always been fonder of living in the countryside.
This chick is out all the time, she's never home.
There's a traffic jam on the motorway.
Aww, Tom is unbelievably cute.
Aww, Mary is unbelievably cute.
I was wondering when she would come back.
You don't like me getting a higher education.
You don't like to see me studying.
Do you even skate? Come on, do a kickflip!
"What's the B for?" "Berber."
You don't know anything about the Berber language.
Do we have olive oil?
"Take this." "What is it?" "It's some olive oil from Kabylie."
I haven't gone to Kabylie in over four years.
We played telephone.
I want to study Berber.
Thank you for teaching me Berber.
Can you imagine how awkward it is to tell your doctor the symptoms you're experiencing?
I dislike stuff that supports violence.
She cannot lie down or else someone comes and ruins her enjoyment.
Nobody has right to take life of another being.
I wasn't going to leave you in the dark.
I needn't go shopping every day if I buy enough food.
I don't need to go shopping every day if I buy enough food.
I caught him on top of another.
We're here on holiday.
He is unable to start his own family.
We played Chinese whispers.
You are lucky to have such a devoted wife.
The gatherings meant to him the brightest of hours of a long and isolating year. It was a "dream come true" week, spent between people of all races, in a neutral but friendly environment.
She writes quite fast.
Tom, you're an utter twat.
Get your dirty hands off Tom.
He has been driving without driving licence for twenty years.
He has driven without driving licence for twenty years.
I buy a book every month.
Every month, I buy a book.
Mary called Tom a knob.
I hope Tom doesn't get ill.
He takes it out on his subordinates.
We're going to the supermarket, should I bring you something from there?
We're going to the grocery store.
Devastating forest fires broke out in Siberia.
It is important that you take the medicine regularly.
Tom has a naked poster of himself above his bed.
Stop talking nonsense and help me.
He dislikes being ridiculed.
What I do in my free time is none of your business.
If I were you, I wouldn't sell the garden.
Do penguins live in Denmark?
If I had known that he was a gambler, I wouldn't have lent him the money.
He left the office leaving the windows open.
I need to turn off the lights early tonight.
We want to stop here.
I want to ask for permission to go.
We're from Sicily.
We are from Sicily.
We've been here a long time.
We have been here for a long time.
I want to pass the test without her.
I want to pass the test without you.
He need to leave and rent a house at the beach.
From here to there is only five minutes.
From here to there, it's only five minutes.
I need to think more about this and what to do.
I want to come and hear my grandmother speak Italian today.
This is the last hour of darkness.
You must remember my number.
You have to remember my number.
You must remember my phone number.
You have to remember my phone number.
I'm raising my four sons in Kabylie.
I've just given you a thousand dinars.
What do you need a thousand dinars for?
Nobody hates Kabyles but everyone hates racists and separatists.
This is our house on the hill.
Why are you sad right now?
Why are you sad now?
I speak with the boy and the girl in Italian.
I speak with the boy and girl in Italian.
I want to pay less than you for the dinner.
I prefer to put the gift here.
I want to close the door of the house and not turn on the light.
I need this book to learn to read and write in Italian because I want to teach in Italy.
I need to go to sleep now to wake up early to take a taxi to the airport.
Some animals change sex.
Some fish are able to change their sex.
Mary's baby's sex has been determined.
The platypus is an egg-laying mammal, which means it lays eggs.
Write a sentence on the board.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what had happened.
Tom claimed that it was Mary who killed John.
Tom claimed it was Mary who killed John.
Tom dated Mary when they were in high school.
Tom did everything he could to convince Mary.
Tom did exactly what Mary had told him to do.
Tom didn't realize how dangerous that was.
Tom didn't say what he'd been asked to do.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his friends.
Tom doesn't realize how dangerous that is.
Tom found himself the center of attention.
Write your name on the first page of your notebook.
Tell me when you were born.
Tell me where were you born?
Where do you live like that?
Every week I went to the market.
Who does not like playing football?
Tom is a much better tennis player than Mary.
Tom doesn't know how Mary was able to do that.
Tom had no idea what he was going to find.
Tom had no idea who Mary had sold her car to.
Tom has been our neighbor for three years.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since her birthday.
Tom has started working at a bar downtown.
Tom is always trying to help other people.
Tom is a much better ventriloquist than Mary.
Tom is an extraordinary basketball player.
Tom is expecting Mary to visit him in Boston.
Tom is outside, playing with his brothers.
Tom is one of the only friends that Mary has.
Tom is standing in the middle of the road.
Tom jumped out of the bushes and scared Mary.
Tom is the youngest person in the company.
Tom met Mary's parents when he was in Boston.
Tom left the party at 2:in the morning.
Tom wanted to spend New Year's Eve with Mary.
Tom lives on the other side of the street.
Tom is one of the only friends Mary has.
Tom forgot to warn Mary.
I found that difficult.
Tom caught a rabbit.
Tom met Mary's parents.
I don't like to gossip.
I saw Tom coming in.
Tom just ignored Mary.
I deleted those emails.
Tom washed his dog.
The puppy tried to bite my hand.
Tom started to get really scared.
Tom opened a ticket.
Tom closed a ticket.
Tom bought two tickets.
It grew luxuriantly.
The stories in this book are scary.
Did you remember anything, at least?
The stories in this book are really scary.
We have, literally, a pile of food to eat.
The stew I made was too watery.
This story is scary.
This story is really scary.
This story is scary. I'm scared.
It was a very hard decision.
Please, Tom. Don't do this.
It’s not as good as it used to be.
This TV show is not as good as it used to be.
Tom works in an office.
Tom has an office job.
This had the opposite of its intended effect.
It had the opposite of its intended effect.
Censorship sometimes has the opposite of its intended effect.
Thereafter King Canute never wore the golden crown on his neck, but placed it on the image of the crucified Lord, in eternal praise of God the great king. By whose mercy may the soul of King Canute enjoy rest.
King Canute ordered his chair to be placed on the sea-shore as the tide was coming in.
Then he said to the rising tide, “You are subject to me, as the land on which I am sitting is mine, and no one has resisted my overlordship with impunity. I command you, therefore, not to rise on to my land, nor to presume to wet the clothing or limbs of your master.”
But the sea came up as usual, and disrespectfully drenched the king’s feet and shins.
So jumping back, the king cried, “Let all the world know that the power of kings is empty and worthless, and there is no king worthy of the name save Him by whose will heaven, earth and sea obey eternal laws.”
"Where do you think you're going to be working?" - "In Argentina."
"Where do you think that you're going to be working?" - "In Argentina."
He's been there before.
Tom didn't warn Mary.
I eat a lot of pasta.
Tom made me so mad.
Tom let Mary do it.
I couldn't deny that.
Tom looked sincere.
Tom made a gaffe.
The police are convinced Tom didn't die from natural causes.
Have you gone insane?
Tom gave me a gift.
The police are convinced that Tom didn't die from natural causes.
Tom sat on his new three-piece suite.
The TV is really heavy.
Sorry, I mistook you for a childhood friend.
Sorry, that wasn't the word. I got confused.
Once there were two women who were best friends, yet they were different: one was as beautiful as the new day but poor as a church mouse, while the other was as unsightly as the night but immeasurably rich. Now it came about that a fellow moved into the land; straightaway he was greedy for the wealth of the unsightly one, but he preferred to be adorned with the beauty by his side.
The teacher is not quite as bad as they make her out to be.
I had the worst time writing on my Portuguese test.
I woke up dizzy. I had the worst nightmare.
I struggled to be upfront about where I had been.
I can hear what you say but I don't care.
The wall needs a fresh coat of paint.
You should pay attention to what you say.
You should go easy on the food.
Even their homes are close to each other.
Tom is one of those managers who call you to tell you they've sent you an email.
That astonishes me.
I was astonished by how brief her response was.
The plate almost fell off and broke. It was by an inch.
Everyone spent so much money in that house they got poor fast.
That subject is totally uncalled for.
Your problem.
Not our problem.
Where was she?
They'll get used to living alone very quickly.
They have a son, don't they?
I had to return because I forgot my papers.
It isn't suitable soil for this kind of plants.
She stopped eating meat two years ago.
I have trouble with my car. It won't start.
Your troubles don't bother me at all.
You can choose from six meals.
No smoking is allowed in this building.
I think I would fare better with heavier sports shoes.
Weapons are means used for killing.
She's too silly.
Arms industry yelds a profit but also suffering.
He takes a bath only once a month.
He stinks a mile off.
Dutch people like visiting Czechia.
Please, apply more strength upon cleaning the insides of the armoires. They're rather crusty.
People don't need politicians, but politicians need people.
I popped a pimple.
The failure was detected in time, thereby a disaster was prevented.
I squeezed out a blackhead.
What if I say that I'll never surrender?
Tom started a new religion in 2019.
She hates washing up but she does not mind laundering.
For Tom so loved the world that he gave his one and only daughter, Mary, that whoever believes in her shall not perish but have eternal life.
I must go to the hairdresser's and get my split ends cut.
I need to cut my hair shorter.
I had to get my computer repaired as it was broken.
He might hear you better if you whisper into his ear.
I got shudders all of a sudden. It can't be good.
I'm deeply concerned I might've gone too far.
I'm afraid I might've done something wrong.
I'm dead worried I might've got pregnant.
Don't embrace me in such a manner. I'm so frail!
Tom pooped his pants at his sister's wedding.
Those news startled me.
Get your finger out of your nose.
Get your finger out of your ear.
Nothing mysterious about this case.
I suppose, you suppose.
I bet a human did this since this is much too clever for a squirrel who would just want to eat the nuts.
Tom is waiting for the floor to dry up.
You're startled by anything and everything.
Tie your hair into a ponytail.
Did you get fake eyelashes or did you get a treatment?
My nail got attacked by a fungus and turned yellow.
I see no reason why I should tell you.
If it weren't for his negligence, it would have never happened.
The crowd was on fire, things got out of hand. I panicked and ran.
Clarie is afraid of spiders, darkness and flying.
Don't give him anything, he has already got enough.
Please, go softer!
I was walking the dog while my wife was watching television.
We were approaching the bridge, when it suddenly collapsed.
People originate from the same Source, yet they hate each other.
I think you're the one who did that.
You're my equal.
The piercing wind blew unabated throughout our brotherly hug.
Look at your muscles dying. Why don't you go to the gym?
Look at your muscles dying. Go to the gym.
Do you know one or two good movies we could watch?
Esther volunteers at a hospital.
Esther survived the Holocaust.
Esther is a Holocaust survivor.
Esther teaches Hebrew.
Esther has a number on her arm.
He drank his morning coffee.
Kenny G is an American saxophonist.
Kenny G is one of the best-selling musical artists of all time.
Where's your report card?
Show me your report card.
The boy woke up early.
Have you listened to Tom's latest record?
"Have you listened to Tom's latest record?" "No." "Well, it sounds exactly like the last one."
What else are you scared about?
I met him once at a party.
I met her once at a party.
I talked to her once at a party.
I talked to him once at a party.
I saw him once at a party.
I saw her once at a party.
I kissed her once at a party.
He's coming tonight.
I kissed him once at a party.
She wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
He wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
Tom wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
I know this is really scary for you.
I know this must be really scary for you.
This is a really big deal for me.
This is a really big deal for Tom.
Tom snatched Mary's phone out of her hand.
Mary snatched Tom's phone out of his hand and read the message for herself.
Let's talk about something fun.
I am guilty of this myself.
I'm guilty of this myself.
I just want everyone to get along.
Tom wanted everyone to get along.
Mary wanted everyone to get along.
Don't look like a moron.
Tom showed up empty-handed.
Tom didn't want to show up empty-handed.
Such a dry response.
It was a very scary movie.
Tom munched on the popcorn.
Tom and Mary munched on the popcorn.
Tom munched on some popcorn.
I thought you said you weren't afraid.
I thought you said you weren't afraid of ghosts.
Whatever, mate.
The power cut out for about minutes.
There was a major power failure.
Before I couldn't tell the difference between marble and tile. Now that's all I can do.
Tom was starting to get impatient.
Mary was starting to get impatient.
Do you know any of those people?
Do you know any of these people?
Do you know any of these guys?
Do you know any of these girls?
Tom made a witty comment.
Mary made a witty comment.
Tom failed to make a witty comment.
Tom tried to figure out what had happened.
Tom and Mary grew up in the same neighborhood.
Tom took the kids back to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary ate at their favorite restaurant.
Tom still lives across the street from us.
Tom agreed to give Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom still doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom went back into the room to check on Mary.
Tom stayed in the hospital for three days.
Tom was still asleep when Mary left for work.
Mary was everyone's friend.
Tom was everyone's friend.
Tom is everyone's friend.
Mary is everyone's friend.
Tom was the one who found my contact lens.
Tom is going to drop Mary off at John's house.
Tom was the mastermind behind the robbery.
Tom invited Mary over to his house for dinner.
Tom was still in high school at that time.
Tom had something very important to tell Mary.
Tom was shot three times with his own gun.
Tom found it hard to hide the truth from Mary.
Tom was screaming at the top of his lungs.
Tom didn't buy Mary anything for her birthday.
Tom was obviously too drunk to drive home.
Tom dated Mary before he started dating Alice.
Tom was living in Australia in those days.
Tom could see Mary from where he was standing.
Tom was asked to take a lie detector test.
Tom came into the lunchroom, looking for Mary.
Tom wanted to find out what was happening.
Tom borrowed three thousand dollars from Mary.
Tom tried to figure out why that happened.
Tom and Mary never really got along very well.
Do you think that Tom is going to be there?
Do you think that Mary is going to be there?
Do you think Tom is going to be there?
Is it me who you're waiting for?
Is it me who you've been waiting for?
I thought that you said you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I thought you said that you weren't afraid.
Tom wanted everybody to get along.
I just want everybody to get along.
I know that this must be really scary for you.
I know that this is really scary for you.
Mary was brushing her hair in front of the mirror.
You can't use those.
We don't want Tom.
Both Mary and Alice were wearing skirts.
I have a lot to say.
Tom left in tears.
Mary was wearing a short skirt.
I like French, too.
Tom has class now.
Mary was wearing a blue scarf.
I just didn't care.
Tom still sings.
Mary is wearing a short skirt.
I had a lot to say.
Tom never cries.
Mary is wearing a red scarf.
I came to warn you.
Tom took a sip.
Mary wore a short skirt.
I don't feel safe.
Does Tom drive?
Am I the one you've been waiting for?
Tom went to the kitchen to wash his hands.
Tom is planning something for Mary's birthday.
What if I say I'll never surrender?
They got the part.
There must be some way to cross the river.
How can we get across the river?
Do we have any olive oil?
I should've gone to bed earlier.
I'm the one who makes the rules here.
Smoking isn't allowed in this building.
Do you know any of those girls?
Do you know any of those boys?
Do you know any of those women?
Do you know any of those men?
They taught me that.
There are at least three Tomas at this school.
Is Prague expensive?
They were thinking about how to get him out of there.
His sister invited him to lunch.
Tom is changing his name — to Bruno. He announced the change on Twitter on Saturday.
Tom changed his name to Bruno. I guess he thought it was more exotic.
He heard everything I wanted to tell him for the longest time ever.
She heard everything I had to tell her for the longest time ever.
You heard everything I had been keeping to myself for the longest time ever.
Mary told them not to do that.
Don't ask for a half when you can ask for the whole thing.
Homeless people have no money but they do not enjoy being told off for it.
Homeless people have no money but they do not like having that fact thrown in their face.
What in the world upset my adorable sister so?
What in the world upset my little sister so much?
What in the world upset my little sister so?
He came two days ago.
Stop kissing my ass.
It feels great to walk around the house in a gown.
I like to see the ratings going up.
People on the island are asking you for help.
You are joking.
I won't, if possible.
It's one more egg, one less egg.
You're a pain in the ass!
It's too bright to be magenta.
It can barely be considered magenta. It's too bright.
I went to a make-up store.
By subway it's more direct; you don't need to transfer.
Look at my grandpa having coffee, look how he shakes it.
You won't let go of me. Back off!
I didn't mean to keep this to myself but I got married yesterday.
Try to look like you're happy to be there.
Try to smile a little.
Tom tried to look casual.
Mary tried to look casual.
Mary doesn't look like she's having fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's having fun.
Try it. You will like it.
Tom didn't want to brush his teeth.
Tom's mother asked him to brush his teeth.
Tom's mother asked him politely to brush his teeth.
Tom looked through the book.
The two of you look like you're having fun.
Leave my girlfriend alone.
Leave my boyfriend alone.
Leave my friend alone.
Leave him alone!
Leave her alone!
You're into yoga?
Tom practices yoga every day.
Tom hurried to catch up to Mary.
I'm going to stir the béchamel sauce. You can't leave it alone for too long.
I know that you're not such a bad friend so much that you'd even have me living with you without giving it a second thought.
I know you're not such a bad friend. You'd even let me live with you if I really needed to.
Truth be told, I didn't like him that much anyway.
Raspberries are expensive in the winter.
Happy Eid al-Adha.
Vladimir didn't have time to eat.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. A man who never reads lives only one.
You're in the way. Get out of my way.
I like washing the dishes with cold and running water.
I like washing the dishes with warm water to keep from wasting hot water.
Look at your trousers! Zip them up.
Pull the zipper up.
They can't drive a car.
They made a fire to warm up.
They made a fire in order to warm up.
They made a fire so as to warm up.
They made a fire so that they would warm up.
Vladimir Putin said that in the event of an escalation of violence against the Russian-speaking population in Crimea and the eastern regions of Ukraine, Russia could not hold back and would take the measures necessary within the framework of international law.
Scrub the pot lid's edges.
How long does it usually take to translate a movie?
We had to leave Earth to be able to take it in at a glance.
Don't aim to be a hairdresser. It's too exhausting.
Solar flash is expected to come.
Should I cut the potatoes into thin slices? In that case, I'll fry them.
Normally Masako walks to school.
He turned up the volume so that everybody could hear well.
He turned up the volume, so everyone heard well.
Do you think they're going to sum up the recipe at the end of the episode?
Have they summarized the previous episode?
We have decided to meet up downtown and go.
He's selfish but not a narcissist?
In Portugal we say it like so.
We used to say it like so. Yeah, that's right.
Have you kept the leftovers in the fridge?
That Kabyle dress looks beautiful.
This Kabyle dress looks perfect.
That's why I went to Kabylie.
Kabylie is Algerian.
We are Kabyles and we are Algerian.
We bought her a Kabyle dress.
Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal and the separatists are all friends.
Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal and the separatists are all dogs of the same breed.
Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal and the separatists are all racists.
Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal and the separatists are all hatemongers.
She's wearing her Kabyle dress.
No one needs racists in Kabylie.
Racist and separatist propaganda is not welcome in Kabylie.
The separatists would call anyone who doesn't support their ideas a "traitor."
We need to go to Kabylie.
It's been so long since I was to Kabylie.
Take a look at this Kabyle dress.
This is a picture of me when I lived in Kabylie.
It's nice to see her having a good time in Kabylie
I have seen all I need to see in Kabylie.
She had an accent that was peculiar to Kabylie.
She's old enough to start wearing a hijab.
I have seen kids lie better than the separatists.
I have seen certified idiots lie better than the separatists.
I have seen kindergarten kids lie better than the separatists.
The separatists obviously know that everyone knows that they're stupid liars.
I continue to receive threatening messages from the separatists.
They have a restaurant chain in Algeria.
All you get from the separatists is insults.
All you get from the separatists is threats and insults.
I am Kabyle. I was born and raised in Kabylie. I have property and family there and no separatist will deny me the right to claim that I am Kabyle.
Idir is coming to Kabylie.
Idir is coming back to Algeria.
I know that the separatists aren't too fond of me but I'll never stop exposing their stupid lies and racist propaganda.
In their messages, the separatists would often threaten to beat you to death.
Anyone who receives threatening messages from these fascist separatists should immediately report them to the authorities.
The separatists think that everyone should support them.
The separatists think that their leader is a perfect man.
The separatists worship their leader as a god.
The separatists shouldn't be speaking in the name of all the people of our region.
The separatist group has become deeply unpopular in our region.
I'd be glad to teach you Berber.
These separatists are racists.
I still miss Kabylie.
I really miss Kabylie.
The separatists can't fool anyone with their lies.
Matoub Lounes was never a separatist.
Lounis Ait Menguellet doesn't support the separatists and their leader.
"The separatists hate you." "Is there anyone on Earth that the separatists don't hate?"
"The separatists hate you." "They hate everybody."
He came out of the mosque.
He went home early.
Tom felt the urge to laugh.
Tom fought the urge to laugh.
At first, it wasn't that much fun.
At first, it wasn't that much fun, but then it was much more fun than I had expected!
I'll take two hot dogs.
I'll take two veggie dogs.
Tom ordered two vegan hot dogs.
Balasana is a resting pose.
The child's pose is a resting pose.
Tom took a psychology course in high school.
Tom took a psychology course in college.
Tom is an amateur psychologist.
Stop trying to play psychologist.
Tom offered a homeless person something to drink.
Tom offered a homeless person something to eat.
Tom offered the homeless man something to drink.
Tom offered the homeless man something to eat.
Mary held up the dress.
It was just friendly banter.
We were just having a friendly conversation.
Tom did a downward dog.
People are free to use other names than Tom and Mary.
Tom turned up the bass.
Tom turned down the bass.
Tom went bass fishing.
Tom bought a talking bass and hung it on the wall.
This is a low-margin business.
This is a high-margin business.
That's not what we agreed on.
Tom went to a thrift store.
Mary went to a thrift store.
It was a flimsy excuse at best.
It was a flimsy excuse.
Some of our contributors feel a certain attachment to the names "Tom" and "Mary".
Tatoeba welcomes people from all backgrounds.
Tom and Mary couldn't afford a car.
Tom and Mary can't afford a car.
Mary felt that she was destined for bigger things.
Mary thought that she was destined for bigger things.
Tom thought that he was destined for bigger things.
Tom thought that Mary was destined for bigger things.
Tom felt that he was destined for bigger things.
I won't pretend to be someone I'm not.
I tired of pretending to be someone I'm not.
Tom feels that he is destined for bigger things.
Tom likes Apple products.
Tom doesn't like Apple products.
I have a lot of tension in my back.
I have a lot of tension in my shoulders.
You have a lot of tension in your shoulders.
Tom felt more confused than ever.
Tom was feeling more confused than ever.
You can not apply this to your skin. You cannot apply it. Cannot be applied.
It's okay. I've got this.
Tom made a pasta salad.
Speak up for yourself.
The pupil is quite often distracted and doesn't put any effort into studying.
Tom felt that he was destined for greater things.
He's a looker.
The piercing wind blew unabated.
Is today warm or cool?
Food Fight!
Hi how are you?
Hello how are you?
Tolkien, the famous linguist and writer, once described the Finnish language as a wine cellar filled with bottles of amazing wine, of a kind and flavour never tasted before.
Andersen is a scoundrel! Why can’t he let his fairy tales have a good outcome? Why do they always have to end so sadly?
Dead birds started to fall down from the sky and nobody knew why.
Autumn is slowly approaching.
Tom rescued his wife.
Few people translate my sentences.
Remember to walk the dog before going to school.
Tom didn't know when Mary was going to show up.
Tom didn't tell his parents what he'd done.
Tom didn't go to the same school that Mary did.
Tom and Mary were supposed to do that together.
Tom didn't know what we were going through.
Tom and Mary spent three hours discussing that.
Tom did the right thing by going to police.
Tom was still asleep when Mary left the house.
Tom changes his email password every month.
Tom was at his home the day Mary was murdered.
I want to know what kind of car Tom drives.
Tom wants to celebrate his birthday with Mary.
I want to know how much cake Tom has eaten.
Tom should be here any minute to pick Mary up.
Tom wrote a book about his life in prison.
Tom ran into the burning house to rescue Mary.
Tom worked hard to keep his life on track.
Tom knew exactly what Mary was planning to do.
Tom worked hard to finish the job on time.
Tom knew Mary had been lying to him all along.
Tom felt he was destined for bigger things.
“You’re Mary Poppins, aren’t you?” - “Yes; in fact, my first name is Mary, and Poppins is my maiden name.”
No, that's not true. Tom didn't change his name. It's just a rumour.
Do you want to have them washed?
They could've said no.
They'll have no problem.
Nothing is swifter than rumour.
Let's stop this madness.
Even nowadays, a lot of people live in appaling conditions.
I am not qualified to perform this kind of work.
People exploit and abuse animals at will.
Some people lack conscience.
Some criminals go unpunished.
A final decision has been made.
I sweeten coffee with molasses instead of sugar.
They agreed to postponing the wedding.
How long have you been translating on Tatoeba?
My neighbour took it out on me this morning because he couldn't manage to park his car.
It was parked crooked, but not blatantly so.
Sorry, but I really cannot tell the difference.
The coffee shop is shut down for holidays.
My beige bra is now brown and my red one black. That's just how much I've worn them.
I dropped a earring down the pipe. I must call the plumber.
Can I take a bite?
Was the car parked crooked?
Was the car horizontal?
Have you checked the door latch? Have you checked the keyhole? Is it locked?
Something wasn't quite right.
Something was a bit off.
Tom lashed out at me.
This was a turning point in Tom's life.
Tom can read more than pages per hour.
How can you read so fast?
Tom is a fast reader.
Tom is a slow reader.
They foraged for berries.
The tribe foraged for berries.
During the night, Tom heard a strange noise.
Tom heard a strange noise during the night.
Tom heard a strange noise during the night. It seemed to be coming from the kitchen.
The strange noise seemed to be coming from the kitchen.
The strange noise seemed to be coming from Tom's bedroom.
Tom did not hesitate for long.
Mary did not hesitate for long.
Tom and Mary did not hesitate for long.
Mary had a sunburn on her nose.
Tom has a sunburn on his nose.
There was nothing that anyone could do.
We heard some strange noises during the night.
We heard some strange noises coming from the cellar during the night.
Tom heard Mary crying during the night.
Tom was awakened in the middle of the night by a loud noise.
Tom was awakened by a loud noise in the middle of the night.
I don't even know how that's possible.
The well is almost dry.
Tom disinfected the well.
Tom disinfected his well.
That is so weird.
Am I weird?
Their parents did not approve of their union.
Her mother did not approve of him.
His parents did not approve of this plan.
Tom's parents did not approve of this plan.
That really bums me out.
Mary's parents did not approve of her plan.
Tom's parents did not approve of his plan.
Tom's parents are control freaks.
Mary's parents did not approve of me.
Mary's parents did not approve of Tom.
Tom's parents did not approve of Mary.
Tom's parents did not approve of me.
Their parents did not approve of the marriage.
Tom stopped hanging out with her.
All of her friends stopped hanging out with her.
All of Mary's friends stopped hanging out with her.
All of Tom's friends stopped hanging out with him.
Mary stopped hanging out with Tom.
Tom's parents were horrified.
Mary's parents were horrified.
The lovers eloped.
This is a story of forbidden love.
Romeo and Juliet is a story of forbidden love.
That's really not a phone. You can't even put it in your pocket.
We like to sing.
He does not sing anymore.
Romeo and Juliet is a tragic story of forbidden love.
Romeo is a Montague and Juliet, a Capulet.
Be masters of your time.
Romeo and Juliet's wedding put an end to the feud between the Montagues and the Capulets.
She sang her country.
I want to see if he really loves me.
I just want to see if he really loves me.
Mary wanted to see if Tom really loved her.
He seems like he really loves you.
All the employees gave in their notices but for one.
I just want to see his reaction.
I just want to see her reaction.
Tom was constantly looking at his phone.
Mary was constantly looking at her phone.
The fool ran off.
He knows how to sing.
Nobody would probably say it like this.
You were too obvious.
You were too damn obvious.
She calmed down and lowered her tone.
He came out by rear exit so that nobody could see him.
The castle was perched atop the hill.
You don't even know the real me.
You don't know the real me.
You can't ask me to change everything about who I am.
You can't ask him to change everything about who he is.
Tom grew a beard and tried to disguise himself.
Can I taste the cake you're having? Can I break off a small piece?
The days start to get shorter.
The lovers eloped to Germany.
Tom told me that they were only friends.
Mary told me that they were only friends.
She told me that they were only friends.
He told me that they were only friends.
You told me that you were only friends.
Tom wrote home to his girlfriend.
You can't ask Tom to change everything about who he is.
We went for a walk to enjoy the view.
I ate twice my weight at that wedding.
I didn't want the story to end.
Tom didn't want the story to end.
Mary didn't want the story to end.
Reading isn't a race.
Tom raced through the book.
Tom writes under the pen name Tom.
Tom writes under the pen name "Mary".
Tom writes under the pen name "Jorg".
The weather is unclear.
I like your name.
I just wanted to see your reaction.
I just wanted to see Tom's reaction.
I just wanted to see what Tom's reaction would be.
He was a well-lived individual.
He had had a good life.
I'm not good at that.
I'm not good at handling that.
Are you his son?
I was elected class president.
Tom was elected prime minister.
Tom was elected head of state.
Go, go! Go without me.
Go, go! Don't worry about me.
Go, go! Don't worry about leaving me behind.
She got married to a rich man.
He got married to a rich man.
Connect the plug to the socket.
Use the hang to hang the coat.
This coat hangs loose.
Hang the coat.
This part of the leg is red because she pulled the strip a bit too hard.
Someone came onto me in the fair. My arm still hurts.
I hate to say it, but you were right.
I just wanted to see you and hear your voice.
A thread in my shirt got caught on something. I gave it a little pull and ruined the whole shirt.
He didn't even answer my question.
Don't cook for too many people. We're having few people coming over.
Teenage mistakes last a lifetime.
Karl Lagerfeld was an original, and was recognizable chiefly because of his white hair, black eyeglasses, starched collars and black, fingerless gloves.
She lets her head droop a little because her hair feels heavy over her shoulders.
This is not a judgment.
That bruise is still quite big. Sure you don't wanna go and have that checked?
Check that for yourself.
Check this for me.
Friendships must live, and hatreds must die.
He is truly a man who will not permit himself to be unduly elated when fortune's breeze is favorable, or cast down when it is adverse.
The study of history is the best medicine for a sick mind; for in history you have a record of the infinite variety of human experience plainly set out for all to see; and in that record you can find for yourself and your country both examples and warnings; fine things to take as models, base things, rotten through and through, to avoid.
If questions bother you, don't become a teacher.
Does it only take the smell to make you drunk?
The smell alone makes you drunk?
I didn't care to listen.
I didn't care to know.
That sort of thing has been done many times before.
Two is not always better than one.
They think not, therefore they are not.
I did not bring anything with me.
See for yourselves.
He does one good deed per day.
Tom has certainly done that more than once.
Tom and Mary got married soon after high school.
Tom had no idea where they were taking him.
Tom was married to Mary for almost three years.
Tom had no idea what he was supposed to do.
Tom was involved in a bad accident yesterday.
Tom had a lot of reasons to do what he did.
Tom got thrown out of the bar by a bouncer.
Tom wanted to celebrate his birthday with Mary.
Tom got married three weeks before he died.
Tom suggested to Mary that they move to Boston.
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.
Tom knew what Mary's next move was going to be.
Tom found himself in a difficult situation.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary in over three years.
Tom fell down the stairs and broke his arm.
Tom doesn't get along well with Mary's friends.
Tom explained everything to me in a letter.
Tom didn't want to go back to Boston with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to disappoint his friends.
He's in my good books.
Mary's jewelry box was stolen.
Head east.
Tom can't hear.
Head west.
Tom and Mary said goodbye to each other.
Head south.
Tom can't fight.
Study harder.
Tom and Mary were interrogated separately.
It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness; it is raised in power.
Esther is a Hebrew teacher.
Did you know there are three other Tomas at this school?
The man is very old.
You'd never go by unnoticed being as tall as you are.
Tom has to figure out what's right for him.
Tom and Mary seem to like doing things together.
Tom is a respected member of the community.
Tom celebrated his thirtieth birthday with Mary.
Tom is a widower with three young children.
Tom clung to the hope that Mary was still alive.
Tom is being tried for first degree murder.
Not going to do that at this point.
Your music is too loud. Keep it down!
What's so wrong about this time?
You're driven.
We make good money.
Tom asked Mary to stay with him in Boston.
I've had a job offer.
Tom won't buy it.
We know how it works.
If everyone agreed, there would be no doubts left.
Nobody told me the business was going to be shut down.
He kicked me out of the house.
My friend has recently been very secretive and sneaky.
"Where is that Kabyle dress?" "Taninna is wearing it."
This Kabyle dress looks so good on you.
I'm glad you like this Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is just beautiful.
This Kabyle dress does look sensational on Taninna.
I am glad Taninna likes this Kabyle dress.
She looks gorgeous in this Kabyle dress.
She wore a new Kabyle dress.
She needs a new Kabyle dress.
All Algerian women like Kabyle dresses.
Kabyle dresses are popular in Algeria.
Kabyle dresses are sold in all of Algeria.
Kabyle dresses are beautiful.
Kabyle dresses are very popular in Algeria.
As an Algerian woman, Taninna is very proud to wear a Kabyle dress.
A Kabyle dress is one of the cultural symbols of Algeria.
Kabylie is the heart of Algeria.
"I have a question." "Yes?"
She went emotionless due to embarrassment.
"What's a bear?" "I was going to ask that myself."
Do you have the correct time?
We miss Kabylie.
I bought Taninna a Kabyle dress.
"I just bought Taninna a little present." "What is it?" "A Kabyle dress."
The lies and propaganda of the separatists are nauseating.
I have been studying Berber for four months.
She sells Kabyle dresses.
She sold her Kabyle dress.
I have here a ten thousand dinar check for each and everyone of you.
Why don't you stay in Kabylie?
Stay in Kabylie.
I'll stay here in Kabylie for a few days.
I'll stay in Kabylie for a few days.
"What's your name?" "Muhammad." "Are you Muslim?" "Yes."
"Where are you from?" "Algeria."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algeria."
You were born in Kabylie. Is this true?
"Where were you born?" "Kabylie, Algeria."
"Where in Algeria do you live?" "Kabylie."
"Where in Algeria were you born?" "Kabylie."
What would you get if I gave you a thousand dinars?
What would you do if I gave you a thousand dinars?
Do you want some couscous?
I should probably spend the rest of my trip in Kabylie.
The separatists know nothing about Kabylie.
Most of the separatists were born and raised abroad and they know nothing about Algeria or Kabylie.
I met my wife in Kabylie.
I made this couscous just like you told me.
I never made couscous before.
Taste Taninna's couscous.
When I'm depressed, I go to Kabylie.
Show me how to make couscous.
All students, please sit in the middle of the mosque.
Why did you leave out the first question in the exam?
There was food and drink in abundance at the party.
So that they don't piss us off.
It's just so you don't get mad.
I like Taninna's couscous.
The is the best couscous I have ever tasted.
This is the best couscous Taninna has ever made.
They are all the couscous.
"What do you want to eat?" "Some couscous."
"I smell something." "It's couscous."
"Nice dress." "It's a traditional Kabyle dress."
His parents want him to marry a Kabyle girl.
The kids ate the couscous.
I speak four languages, including Berber.
This Kabyle dress is inside out.
Do you listen to Kabyle music?
I gave a thousand dinars to the village mosque.
In Kabylie, every single village has a mosque.
If every single village in Kabylie has a mosque, this makes it pretty obvious that the dominant religion of Kabyles is Islam.
Almost all Kabyles are Muslims.
If I'm lying, may God strike me down right now.
Here's a thousand dinars for the village mosque.
Every time I go to Kabylie, I'd give a thousand dinars to our village mosque.
Most separatists are extremely Islamophobic.
"Don't you have something else you can wear?" "A Kabyle dress, maybe?"
My Kabyle dress is at the cleaner's.
"What is she wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
Wear your Kabyle dress.
He took his daughter to the mall to buy a Kabyle dress.
I'm honored to be staying with you here in Kabylie.
Kabylie is my region.
I can't wait to go to Kabylie.
He was rubbing his back against a tree.
This Kabyle dress is so small.
"What are you cooking?" "Some couscous."
"What's your favorite food?" "Couscous with chicken."
You owe me six hundred dinars.
You're the Berber teacher.
"What are you planning on making?" "Couscous."
This Kabyle dress looks so beautiful.
"What's this?" "A Kabyle dress." "Is that for me." "Sure it is, sweetheart!"
I add to my clients' value by giving them the best haircuts.
This Kabyle dress can't be photographed.
She has to wear a Kabyle dress.
It's 'cause I miss him.
I can drive you back to Kabylie.
She gave us this Kabyle dress as a cheerful souvenir from Kabylie.
I don't know how to say this in Berber.
Why can't I go to Kabylie?
I visited Kabylie but that was so long ago.
I'm going to Kabylie next week.
He started playing Kabyle music.
Do you like dancing to Kabyle music?
Take into consideration the unhappy childhood of the accused.
"How was the flight from Algiers?" "Great."
"What are you eating there?" "This? This is couscous."
Where did you get this Kabyle dress?
They smoked.
They were smoking.
"Do you want some couscous?" "Yes, please."
I play soccer for JSK.
You can't stop me from going to Kabylie.
They're playing Kabyle music.
They don't even live in Kabylie.
They're not even Algerian.
Please answer the door for me.
Anything would offend a separatist.
Even being polite could offend a separatist.
According to Islamic principles, pigs are considered unclean.
Is this meat kosher?
I'm a Muslim and I can eat kosher food.
I'm a Muslim and I eat kosher food.
I can only eat halal or kosher meat.
I'm a Muslim and I only eat halal food.
Is this food kosher?
Is this food halal?
Can I eat this food? Is it kosher?
Can I eat that food? Is it halal?
I only eat halal meat.
I can only eat halal meat.
If this meat isn't halal, I can't eat it.
Anything could be interpreted as an unspeakable insult by the racist separatists.
They agreed to postpone the wedding.
Anything you say about Kabylie could be interpreted as an unspeakable insult by the racist separatists.
What to think of this?
There is no freedom of speech with the separatists. Anything you say about Kabylie could be interpreted as an unspeakable insult by them.
"What does this mean to you?" ; "This doesn't mean anything."
Still a bit slow but way more competitive.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I sent you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I gave you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I made you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I brought you from Algeria.
The separatists would insult you for any reason.
He had a whiff at my fart and fanned it back to me.
Come to my place.
I looked her in the eyes.
Not good enough.
Your work wasn't good enough.
Your performance fell short of the expectations.
He laughed himself crazy.
We're all going to end up there.
Finish well.
Take it to the top.
You belong to which household?
He laughed himself silly.
We always buy UHT milk.
We always buy long-life milk.
Tom installed a TomTom Sat Nav in his car.
My ends are broken.
I'm glad I decided to study Berber.
If I fail this Berber test, I'll lose my job.
If I fail the Berber test, I'm dead.
Your sitting room is lovely and your Berber carpet is a nice touch.
They didn't forget to pay the electricity bill, did they?
In this Kabyle village, they make some of the finest Berber carpets.
I'm teaching the kids about Berber history.
I can teach her Berber.
Portugal was once an agricultural country.
Portugal will always be dominated by farms and farmers.
She was dead meat.
"Can you guess what this language is?" "Berber."
"I've been considering a new career." "Really? What?" "Teaching Berber."
"Where is Taninna?" "She went to Kabylie."
God, I love the month of Ramadan.
God, I love spending Ramadan in Kabylie.
The smell seems to have followed me.
The smell seems to follow me.
He went home for Ramadan.
It's Ramadan.
They went home for Eid al-Adha.
We celebrate Eid al-Adha in Kabylie.
Algeria has its special forces.
Algeria has conscription.
Algeria has a fairly modern army.
Algeria purchases weapons from Russia.
Algeria has the most powerful army in the Maghreb region.
Algeria has the most powerful army in North Africa.
Algeria has a very powerful army.
Algeria has a powerful land artillery.
Algeria purchases artillery from Russia.
Algeria has no aircraft carriers.
Algeria is a regional power.
Algeria does not have nuclear weapons.
Algeria could crush any terrorist force funded and launched by other nations against it.
Algeria has already crushed multiple terrorist groups in the 1990's.
The official name of my country is the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
Algeria is not a theocracy.
We don't want Algeria to become an Islamic theocracy.
Algeria isn't an Islamic theocracy.
The Algerian government doesn't consider Hezbollah a terrorist group.
Algeria has good relations with Russia and Iran.
Algeria has big reserves of oil and natural gas.
Algeria is not a threat to international security.
Algeria is a Muslim nation.
Do you have Havaianas?
In the 1960's and 1970's Houari Boumediene ruled Algeria with an iron fist.
Algeria is a crucial region for controlling North Africa.
The Algerian opposition is pretty varied.
Algeria is great nation.
No one wants radical Islimists in power in Algeria.
No one wants radical Islamists to take power in Algeria.
I work for the Algerian embassy.
Algeria has good relations with the United States.
Algeria has never had diplomatic relations with Israel.
Abdelkader Bensalah is Algeria's head of state.
We don't want radical Islamists to take power in Algeria.
In Algeria, many women wear the hijab.
In Kabylie, more and more women wear the hijab.
Algeria isn't a province of Saudi Arabia.
Algeria isn't a danger to international stability.
Algeria could become one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Algeria has better relations with the West.
Algeria is a Sunni Muslim country.
Algeria is willing to do whatever it can to fight Daesh in North Africa.
Algeria is doing whatever it can to fight ISIS in North Africa.
Algeria isn't a threat to the West.
Algeria is building solid ties with China.
Algeria isn't part of Saudi Arabia.
Algeria doesn't have a nuclear bomb.
Algeria and Morocco have complicated relations.
Iran isn't afraid of a war with the United States.
Iran will never submit to the United States.
These are people who were born and raised abroad and know nothing about Kabylie.
Iran shot down an American drone.
The American drone shot down by Iran was flying in the Iranian airspace.
The Moon is a so-called natural satellite.
Don't forget to read your books.
Don't forget to return your books.
Iran is capable of shooting down American drones.
Iran would be able to kill tens of thousands of American troops in the event of a total war launched by Washington against Tehran.
Even Israel is scared of Iran.
Israel would never, ever send jets to bomb Iran's nuclear plants. Iran is not Iraq, and Netanyahu knows that very well.
Israel and the US understand very well that war is not an option as far as Iran is concerned.
Iranians don't want war but they are ready for it.
The Moon is the only natural satellite of Earth.
The war Israel fought against Lebanon was not a picnic.
In the 1980's, the Americans supported Saddam Hussein against Iran.
Iran is much more militarily advanced than any other Muslim nation in the Middle East.
Iran isn't afraid of Israel.
Iran is perhaps the only nation in the Middle East that's not at all afraid of Israel.
Trump is apparently declaring war on the whole world.
Iran has a tremendous deterring capability.
Trump's administration in the Middle East is disastrous.
The USA is acting like a terrorist force in the Middle East.
What Netanyahu says about Iran is total nonsense.
Netanyahu can lie all he wants. The world isn't going to believe him.
Netanyahu is one of the warmongering hawks that want the USA to fight a war against Iran at any cost.
Netanyahu will be judged by history very harshly.
Iran has never had a nuclear weapons program.
Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapons program.
President Trump is known for his verbal assaults.
Netanyahu is very belligerent.
Israel has been trying for more than twenty years to get the USA to attack Iran.
Every time an international organization claims that Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapons program, Netanyahu gets angry.
Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapons program and Netanyahu is lying to the world.
The UN has never found any proof that Iran has a nuclear weapons program.
Israel claims that Mossad has proof that Iran has a nuclear weapons program. Mossad is a spy agency and one of the main jobs of a spy agency is telling big lies. Mossad is just doing its job but you shouldn't expect the world to be fool and believe such stupid lies.
The US is attempting to strangle Iran economically.
Algeria supports Iran.
The US has turned Iraq into a bloody mess.
Iran will never abandon its ballistic missile program.
Iran is not a pariah state.
Iran doesn't trust the US.
Israel is the only nuclear power in the Middle East.
The US is attempting to strangle Iran.
Israel is strangling Gaza.
I had my head in the clouds.
Iran has sovereign rights to do what it wants to do.
Iran shot down an American drone in its own airspace.
The US is the only nation that used nuclear weapons against civilians.
The US is the only nation that attacked civilians with nuclear weapons.
The US is the only country that attacked innocent civilians with nuclear weapons.
A war against Iran can cause a severe energy crisis in the world.
Netanyahu wants escalation with Iran.
Netanyahu wants military escalation with Iran.
Hearing those lies from Netanyahu about Iran is nothing new.
Iran downed an American drone flying in its airspace.
Trump is asking Iran unrealisable things.
The US is always imposing sanctions on Iran.
Iran shot an American drone.
Iran has the technology to shoot American drones.
She should see about getting her ass in gear.
Tom knows we know he knows that we know.
I doubt a cat can be happy.
Every animal can be happy.
How do you define happiness anyways?
If someone were to tell him something about those things, he would not believe it.
Today it is hot.
I can tolerate it, but I'm not in love with it by any means.
I like it but I don't fall head over heels over it.
How old is your cousin?
This city reminds me of Algiers.
Algiers has a one-line metro system.
Algiers has an excellent one-line metro system.
Algiers is a beautiful city.
Fortunately, we don't have severe droughts in Algeria.
We don't have significant floods in Algeria.
It's just so you know.
I was bored the entire time.
Tom and Mary got their teeth fixed when they were teens.
Tom did it as a joke.
Can you imagine how scared I was?
I want Tom to stay as much as I want you to stay.
This industry is really bad for the environment.
I want Tom to stay as much as you.
Tom tried not to make eye contact.
Mary looked down, trying not to make eye contact with anyone.
Tom is not a morning person.
Tom is comfortable speaking in front of others.
Tom is not comfortable speaking in front of others.
Tom smiled at the audience.
Tom noticed that I had noticed.
Tom noticed that Mary had noticed.
Tom noticed that Mary had noticed that he had noticed.
Mary works at a flower shop.
I tried not to make eye contact with him.
I tried not to make eye contact with her.
Tom tried not to make eye contact with anyone.
Tom stared down at his plate.
Mary stared down at her plate.
The most important part of having fun is having really good food.
I have a lot of contacts.
Make eye contact with the audience.
Make eye contact with the audience during your talk.
Tom wears contacts.
Tom is wearing contacts.
The lawyer wrote a contract.
Tom read the contract.
Tom didn't read the contract.
Tom looked downcast.
Be more modest.
You're always too serious.
The Jews are tired.
At this time there's no use in going. The coffee shop has closed.
At that point in time, I was more interested in studying than dating.
Right now, we can still make it to the metro station.
Have you shut the Persian blinds?
Have you shut the blinds?
Tom complained about the noise Mary's dogs made.
Tom is buried in a cemetery outside Boston.
Tom didn't allow Mary to go to Boston with John.
Tom is divorced and has a teenage daughter.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning to leave.
Tom is getting on his motorcycle right now.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted to go to Boston.
Tom is going to figure that out eventually.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary what was happening.
Tom is in danger of flunking out of school.
Tom couldn't tell Mary what was happening.
We need to leave now.
Tom can't breathe.
We need another chair.
Tom did whatever he could to protect Mary.
I like to walk to work.
Tom didn't answer any of Mary's questions.
We make a lot of money.
Tom can't pay you.
Even though I put on sunscreen, I got really sunburned.
I put on a lot of sunscreen, but I still got a bad sunburn.
They can stop now.
They are as poor as church mice.
They're as poor as church mice.
I think Tom just likes to flirt. I'm sure he isn't serious if he says that I'm the only one for him or that he loves me.
I'm not OK with this change.
We were discussing changes, but in the end all stayed the way it was.
I find this whole discussion really stupid.
The only real difference between using the conditional past future "deveria" and the past imperfect tense "devia" is the urgency and formality with which they are used. For instance, "Você não deveria ir por aí" implies such great formality that it may cause an argument depending on the language boundaries set between speakers.
Despite the concerns, the weather was magnificent.
That's her strategy.
It's no wonder you got so mad. What he did to you shouldn't be done to anybody.
It's no surprise he's done that to you. You're too naïve!
Tom can't survive.
We're all out of sugar.
You didn't want to come. It's that simple.
You wanted to hit us instead. Admit it.
You're looking too close to the original. Put something else on.
Tom has a ute.
The darkest rooftops are the most beautiful. They don't blend in, and thus, they stand out from the rest.
They can wait over there.
They should sit with Tom.
Help me! My house is on fire.
Tom doesn't give money to chuggers out of principle.
Two times two equals four.
She likes tea.
What is consciousness and why did it evolve?
I would never tell her the most intimate stuff.
Tom's favourite show is Game of Thrones.
Tom's favorite show is Game of Thrones.
Pantheism is harmless but not particularly interesting.
Tom's favourite show is Black Mirror.
Tom's favorite show is Black Mirror.
They had no teeth.
He plays good football.
I'm going to buy a new house.
She has all the good qualities in her.
Tom is writing Maria a letter.
This is a lime tree.
Have you met Maria yet?
Hardly had they left the building when it suddenly collapsed.
Interesting things will be happening.
Tom auditioned for a role.
Mary auditioned for a role.
Tom auditioned for a role in the play.
Tom auditioned for a role in the school play.
Mary wasn't worried about that.
Tom was slightly worried about that.
Mary was worried about that.
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness.
Tom hoped the war wouldn't last long.
Tom stared at her for several moments.
Mary stared at him for several moments.
Almost everyone was happy.
I have recurring nightmares about it.
I've had recurring nightmares about this speech.
Tom had recurring nightmares about it.
Tom had recurring nightmares about the incident.
Do you think that he likes you?
Do you think that she likes you?
Do you think that Tom likes you?
Do you think that Mary likes you?
Tom looked at himself in the full-length mirror.
Mary looked at herself in the full-length mirror.
Tom has a full-length mirror in his room.
It wasn't such a bright idea.
Maybe it wasn't such a bright idea.
Tom fought the ticket in court.
Tom likes Mary, but she likes someone else.
Mary likes Tom, but he likes someone else.
Tom tagged along.
Mary tagged along.
Tom has a fake tan.
Be a good boy and go back to sleep.
Be a good girl and go back to sleep.
I'm a novice at this kind of work.
Tom is an anxious person.
I slammed my fingers into my kitchenware drawer.
Tom shifted his bag from one shoulder to the other.
I like my life the way it is.
You don't need to prove anything to me.
Tom stared at the fire.
Mary tried not to make eye contact with him.
Mary tried not to make eye contact with Tom.
They were both staring at me.
Tom and Mary were both staring at me.
I can tell he's joking.
I can't tell if he's joking.
Tom could tell that Mary was joking.
Tom couldn't tell if Mary was joking.
You can guess what happened next.
You can probably guess what happened next.
Can you guess what happened next?
I think you can guess what happened next.
Tom fell in love with Mary right then and there.
Tom isn't as good a French speaker as I am.
Tom has been trying to get in contact with Mary.
Tom knows a lot of people who're suffering.
Tom is going to Boston with Mary and her family.
Tom lives just a few miles from the border.
Tom told Mary about what had happened on Monday.
Tom needs to tell his parents where he was.
Tom told me that Mary used to be his girlfriend.
We're all out of water.
You can't stop bullets.
Tom can't testify.
I'm of no use to anyone.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his room.
Discipline your children.
That requires a certain courage.
Judge not the goal that someone has attained, but the path he has taken to reach it.
I want to move to Russia, the very Russia that is shown on TV ...
Tom opened the drawer and took out a knife.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go dance with him.
Tom put the box on the table and opened it.
Tom wanted to know where Mary had spent the day.
Mary has two boys.
Give Tom a biscuit.
Give a biscuit to Tom.
A cenotaph is a monument erected to honour the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere.
A cenotaph is a monument erected to honor the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere.
Tom is known for his wit and unflappability.
Arabic and Berber are everywhere in North Africa.
Kabylie is a mountainous region located in the north of Algeria.
Kabylie is predominantly mountainous.
Algerian infrastructure is relatively good.
Algiers has an important port.
Algeria is a big and stable country and this seems to be a problem to its enemies, especially the architects of the Arab Spring chaos and their separatist and terrorist dogs.
Between and 1954, there were numerous uprisings in Kabylie against the French occupation.
Algeria is a big and stable country, and this seems to bother all its enemies, especially those rabid terrorist and separatist groups of the region.
Kabyle separatists are only looking to govern themselves. They don't want to live under the Algerian Islamic Republic.
Kabyle separatists are looking to save their language, culture, and identity.
In Algeria, it's forbidden to speak Kabyle language in the official institutions.
How old is Algeria?
When was Algeria established?
Algeria has a very long history.
The earliest recorded Algerian state is the kingdom of Massinissa in the 2nd century BC.
Massinissa is a Berber king who united North Africa in the 2rd century BC.
Is the Tatoeba Corpus genre-balanced?
Algeria was invaded by the French in 1830.
Kabyle is one of the languages threatened in Algeria.
The Amazigh flag that unites all North African countries is a cultural flag. It was prohibited by the current General of the Armed Forces in Algeria.
Modern Algeria has embarked on a process of arabization.
Modern Algeria has embarked on a process of Islamization.
Modern Algeria has been a failure.
Islamization in Algeria has degenerated into a civil war that has left nearly 200,dead.
Arabization is fiercely opposed by the Kabyles who want to preserve their language and their culture
Kabyles have their own language and culture.
Kabyles have a strong preference for secularism.
The Kabyles are ostracized by the Algerian government especially as many express their desire for autonomy or even independence.
Algeria was conquered in 1839, but Kabylia was not annexed to the French colony until 1857.
Historically, North Africa was populated by Amazighs (Berbers).
Algeria is a huge and stable country with lots of oil and this seems to bother its enemies who are actively sponsoring rabid terrorist and separatist groups to dismember it.
Berbers are the indigenous people of North Africa.
Berbers are the indigenous people of Algeria.
"Where exactly is Kabylie?" "In northeastern Algeria."
"Is Kabylie part of Algeria." "Yes."
Thomas Jefferson said, "If you are willing to sacrifice some freedom to feel safe, you deserve neither."
Thomas Jefferson said, "He who sacrifices freedom for security deserves neither."
Tom seemed to be afraid to talk about that.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend for about three months.
Tom slurs his words whenever he gets drunk.
Tom was smart enough to listen to Mary's advice.
Tom spent all afternoon splitting firewood.
Tom wouldn't say something like that about Mary.
Tom stole a wallet from someone on the bus.
Tom and Mary are getting married in a few months.
Tom called Mary about fifteen times.
Tom called Mary about fifteen times and then gave up.
There's some work to be done first.
Birds-of-paradise are beautiful.
Tom threw the paper bag into the trash can.
Tom and Mary went shopping together last weekend.
Tom told his children to brush their teeth.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to talk to.
Tom tried to take control of the situation.
Tom doesn't go to the same school that Mary does.
The Earth is a sphere.
The Earth is a big ball.
God loves me.
We went to veterinarian with our dog.
We had to go to veterinarian with our dog.
I don't want you to stop smoking for my sake, do it for your health.
Her father has been unemployed for some time.
He forced me to dig my father's grave and, on top of that, he stole the pick.
It was popular back then.
That was popular back then.
A fall would be fatal.
A fall from that height would be fatal.
They've been together ever since.
Tom and Mary have been together ever since.
The horses are running in the green pasture.
A bus leaves every minutes.
My name is Julio.
Despite his innocence, the accused did not respond to the charges.
Augusto had clear, bright eyes.
Jane called Mary to tell her that she would arrive late.
Juan deserves a raise.
I have not been able to relax for a single moment since getting out of bed.
The cytoplasm consists of proteins, the nucleus of nucleic acids.
The child fell.
A smile is a manifestation of joy.
Tom, mom is calling you.
I took note of her advice.
I took note of his advice.
I took note of your advice.
Oh, the bus has arrived.
You should not leave the house.
After walking for hours, Pablo asked how they could not yet have arrived at their destination.
The work has to be done well.
She doesn't like to go to school.
Why have you only arrived now?
My phone number is: 692-267-752.
Tom wasn't persuaded.
Mary wasn't persuaded.
Tom wasn't persuaded by Mary's explanation.
Mary wasn't persuaded by Tom's explanation.
Come quick.
Drink tea
Eat soup
Frogs are an indicator of the health of the forest.
Eat.
Eat vegetables
Eat meat
Do you talk?
Did you talk?
Do you write?
Did you write?
Are you writing?
Climb abord!
How much more?
This documentary is narrated by David Attenborough.
This nature documentary is narrated by David Attenborough.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Protons and neutrons reside in the nucleus of the atom.
Owing to its applicability to numerous other scientific disciplines, Chemistry is often referred to as "The Central Science".
Maybe the real treasure was the friends we made along the way.
The discovery that nucleic acids are the chemical basis of heredity almost single-handedly launched the modern discipline of molecular biology.
The superior stability of DNA when compared to RNA most likely accounts for the former's role as the long-term repository of the genome.
Tyrosine is similar in structure to phenylalanine, with the important distinction that the latter contains a hydroxyl group in its side chain.
Physicists often argue that all of Biology can be reduced to physics; for their part, Biologists typically counter that such a position ignores the unfathomable complexity present in even the simplest of living systems.
While some believe that science and religion are irreconcilable worldviews based in conflicting conceptions of truth, others see them as two distinct - and potentially complementary - approaches to understanding the universe.
Reading his work, one is invariably impressed by his lack of faith in the good will of the average person.
He lives in a town next to Osaka.
I need more water.
Israel is a parliamentary democracy.
Tel Aviv is the diplomatic, economic and financial center of Israel.
Since its creation in 1948, the State of Israel has suffered numerous attacks and declarations of war from neighboring Arab countries.
Israel is a state located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea in the Near East in Western Asia.
All the toponymy of Israel is Jewish.
Israel is a multi-party parliamentary republic and a liberal democracy that adopts universal suffrage.
I dream of going to visit Israel.
Israel is a beautiful country.
Israelis are very hospitable.
The State of Israel is peaceful.
Israel is one of the great countries in all fields.
Israel is the land of all authentic prophets.
Mike Brant is an Israeli singer of international renown. He is very appreciated by the Algerian women.
The Kabyle people are very admiring of the Jewish people.
Amos Oz was one of the most widely read Israeli writers in the world.
Israeli cuisine is very good.
American cinema, which is the best in the world, is propelled by Jews.
The founder of Citroën Mr. André Citroën is Jewish.
The American cinema is marked by great Jewish actors such as Paul Newman, Harrisson Ford, Sean Penn, Kirk Douglas, Woody Allen, Jake Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman, Scalett Johansson ...
Noam Chomsky is a Jewish intellectual of international renown.
Hollywood itself was founded by a Jew.
Jerry Lewis is a famous Jewish actor.
You can't beat the price.
Stubborn as a mule.
Ali's grandfather was a corn trader.
Ali's grandfather gave injections to patients.
Before ending his primary school Ali began to have erection.
He purchased an expensive "chair for the father".
"To be or not to be, that is the question", said the infant buffalo.
Jews don't accept Jesus. Protestants don't accept the pope. Baptists don't recognise each other in a wine store.
Ali's grandfather was a funeral inventory trader.
Ali's grandfather made muslim amulets.
Maybe I don't understand something?
Maybe I don't get something?
There are many guests in this room.
Joaquin is an argentinian.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can help with.
Unfortunately, there's nothing I can help with.
This is obvious!
You have been cheating on your husband.
You were cheating on your husband.
I don't attack anybody.
Ali's grandfather was a kebab cooker.
Ali's grandfather was an ice cream trader.
Ali's grandfather was a smith.
Ali's grandfather was a gardener.
Ali's grandfather traded vegetables.
Ali's grandfather traded fabrics.
Ali's grandfather was a painter.
Ali's grandfather was an armenian.
Ali's grandfather cooked and sold toastes.
Ali's grandfather was a healer.
Ali's grandfather played drums.
A giraffe has lenghtened its neck to reach for the food.
I was asked to show the documents that could prove my personality.
Ali's grandfather traded watermelons.
Were you in Hokkaido last year?
I hope everything is going to be alright.
Ali's grandfather made and traded toys.
Are you from Iran?
In autumn, leaves turn red and gold.
I love Nara, especially in autumn.
I hope everything will be alright.
Dad, why doesn't lightning happen in winter?
Whether I am ready or not, this is the question.
Ali's grandfather was a preacher.
Ali's grandfather was a teacher.
It's unsafe to be on the streets at night.
They're getting married in a month.
He called on me.
Kids adore sweets.
You are OK.
You are doing good.
Don't fear a dog, fear its owner.
The light glows here.
The lamps in the room were glowing up to the morning.
The lamps in the room were glowing all night long.
A tree needs sunshine.
Call on me tomorrow.
At Saturday I'm having an exam.
What does he have to do?
What should he do?
The petrol containers were punctured.
The patrol containers have been holed up.
He doesn't work at all.
So what? I can do that, too.
So what? I can do that as well.
There must be a valid reason.
There are no easy or hard languages.
Give me a knife.
The weather is going to decline until the weekend.
The weather is declining again.
Learn to reach an agreement.
I don't know any foreign languages.
Obviously!
I speak no foreign language.
I don't speak any romance language.
Then I gave up reading.
Only the people with stone souls love themselves. There's no glory in them, and it's no surprise. While other people are so empty on the inside that one can't find heat of a stone in them.
My brother drinks juice.
My brother is drinking juice.
My girlfriend is a canadian.
You eat fish.
How would you answer it yourself?
How would you answer this question yourself?
More than a half of the asked gave a negative answer.
More than a half of the asked gave a positive answer.
A half of the asked didn't know what to answer.
Why do you keep silent? Say something.
Why do you keep silent?
Didn't I convince you?
Haven't I convinced you?
The wall is one meter high.
Is it my fault?
Have it only appeared so, or is there something that has fallen?
Peculiar. I would never think about it this way.
Tom has a blasting temper.
There's nothing here to envy.
I love them so much.
We have a lot of things to choose among.
I decided to become a teacher.
Silver is new gold.
I always drink coffee in the morning.
I beg you, don't mock him.
I'm scared of everything.
I fear everything.
There will be no lessons from now on.
Hunger is a perfect snack.
Hiw words brought me back to the days of my childhood.
Ask as many questions as you can.
Question as much as possible.
Tom threw this.
- I am a school teacher. I receive fifteen thousand rubles on hands monthly. While in the police nobody gets less than fifty thousand. Why it is unfair like that? - Because the police fixes your faults.
The teapot was that happy that it started to whistle with pleasure.
"Your husband needs to rest calmly. I will prescribe you a sedative." "And how should I give this medicine to him?" "You shouldn't give it to him. This medicine is for you."
Migratory birds can easily fly to the South. But I'm stuck here in this garden.
They say that driving on the paid roads will be twice less expensive as on the free roads. Because there will be no road inspectors.
A tram collided with a bus in the centre of the town.
It takes a long time for Tatoeba website to display.
No matter how much effort I make, people always find mistakes in my actions.
Sasha can't finish the project because he is always getting diverted.
Many people began going abroad during their vacations on a regular basis.
Dima doesn't care whether he accomplish the job or not.
A perfect randomizer can show the results that don't seem random at first sight.
What animals do we see on this picture?
What animals do you see in this picture?
You woke up pretty late.
They woke up quite late.
Tom doesn't want to go to the basement.
Truth hurts.
Truth is bitter.
He became histrionic upon hearing the news.
Phosphorylation is one of the most common modifications used by the cell to regulate the behavior of its proteins.
While the genome of a eukaryotic cell is nuclear, the ribosomes are cytosolic.
A kinase is an enzyme which phosphorylates other proteins.
He fumbled the job so badly that the situation had to be fixed by a professional.
We are within striking distance of the enemy.
An independent judiciary is one of the key pillars of a functional democracy.
It is common in the United States for a primary care physician to refer a patient to a specialist.
The Boston area is the major population center of New England.
The English town of York is the namesake of the largest city in the United States.
Different jurisdictions often have distinct definitions of justifiable homicide.
People disappear without trace.
Your way of thinking is strange to me.
I warned you against him.
Some soldiers returned from war crippled for life.
War always brings pain and suffering.
He always wanted to be the best.
For the world to be a better place, radical changes must be done.
For a long time, she didn't know who the donor was.
They asked him where he drew inspiration from.
Some people are easily influenced.
I won't wait any longer.
However faultlessly these tasks were achieved, she never commended: it was a maxim with her that praise is inconsistent with a teacher's dignity, and that blame, in more or less unqualified measure, is indispensible to it.
Are you guys cold?
This is a bathing suit.
This hat was made in Australia.
Tom isn't getting any money.
This is a dangerous path.
Jerk!
The singer was Tom.
Were you drunk?
I was without shoes.
Hanako decided to go to Paris.
What exactly do you want to say?
I won't explain it to you.
After work I met with Tom.
I don't sleep too much.
The enemy became weaker.
You play the piano.
I didn't know he was so old.
These apples are too sour.
I don't eat apples like this.
I don't like apples like this.
It doesn't matter for me at all.
I don't like this kind of apple.
The mother put Ali onto a child chair for feeding and fed him.
I don't like it when Tom talks to me like that.
I don't like it when you talk to me like that.
Tom doesn't like waiting.
Who doesn't like vacations?
I don't like it when you do this.
You can tag along if you want.
We have to take care of our own health.
Freedom has immense value.
Infidelity is the end of love.
Capitalism has discovered ecology as a selling point.
Will this boring evening come to an end?
One needs to hope.
It's necessary to hope.
Every third sheep is sick.
Why haven't you done this?
Yesterday I had an exam.
When will the resurrection be?
Life has ups and downs.
We need to celebrate our diversity.
Let's celebrate our diversity.
The government of Greenland is dismissing the idea that the island is for sale, following media reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has been discussing interest to purchase the Danish territory with White House advisors.
This is not the first time the U.S. has considered to purchase the massive ice-covered island.
William Henry Seward, President Abraham Lincoln’s Secretary of State in the 1860s proposed both the purchase of Greenland and Iceland when he was negotiating the purchase of Alaska from Russia.
A report commissioned by the State Department of the following Andrew Johnson administration concluded that Greenland's natural resources would make it a valuable investment.
In 1946, after World War II, President Harry Truman offered to $million to buy Greenland for its geopolitical strategic importance, which Denmark declined.
Greenland is not for sale.
On Friday, the Greenland official government website posted this comment: “We have a good cooperation with USA, and we see it as an expression of greater interest in investing in our country and the possibilities we offer. Of course, Greenland is not for sale. Because of the unofficial nature of the news, the Government of Greenland has no further comments.”
Greenland is an autonomous Danish territory, located between the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans, east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Greenland is politically and culturally associated with Europe but the majority of its residents are Inuit, whose ancestors began migrating from the Canadian mainland in the 13th century.
Greenland became Danish in 1814, and was fully integrated in the Danish state in 1953.
The U.S. purchased the territory now known as the U.S. Virgin Islands from Denmark in 1916, under the Treaty of the Danish West Indies.
The U.S. Virgin islands are considered a U.S. unincorporated territory, an area controlled by the U.S. government but where the U.S. constitution only partially applies.
Orcas are also known as killer whales.
These orcas hunt penguins.
Tom doesn't like when animals kill each other.
Oh, my God!
Tom didn't say what he was really thinking.
Oh shit!
This is an urban legend.
It takes some practice.
It takes a little bit of practice.
Frank Lloyd Wright is arguably America’s best known architect.
“The 20th century Architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright” was recently added to the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
The designation is given to places that are deemed to have “outstanding universal value to humanity.”
Frank Lloyd Wright designed Taliesen, his home and studio in Wisconsin, to allow the sun to shine into every room sometime during the day.
He was an iconoclast who wore his uniqueness as a badge of honor.
“I think Wright's work was unique because he was unique,” says architectural historian William Richards.
“They're all fairly modest in scale,” says Richards of Wright’s works, “but they had an absolutely outsized influence on generations of architects who thought about how we live in our homes, how we worship in our sanctuaries, how we use public space, and even how we engage artworks.”
The American Institute of Architects calls Fallingwater, in Pennsylvania, which is partly built over a waterfall, the "best all-time work of American architecture.”
Wright didn’t pioneer the open floor plan coveted by today’s homeowners but his embrace of the concept helped popularize the design element.
Although Wright’s designs are up to a century old, they retain an air of modernity.
I'm tired of your excuses.
Male elephant seals can weigh up to times more than females.
Tom doesn't want to share.
Tom didn't want to share.
Tom didn't want to share his toy.
Why don't you want to share your toy with your friends?
One of the structures designated by UNESCO is the Robie House in Chicago. Constructed in 1910, its emphasis of the horizontal over the vertical recalls the flat American plains, and the cantilevered roof connects the interior to the outdoors.
“I’m always struck when I see the Robie House in Chicago,” says architect Susan Piedmont-Palladino.
When you go visit, it looks more modern than many of the buildings around it and it's years old ... It wouldn't look odd with a Tesla in front of it.
Completed in 1959, the Guggenheim Museum's circular, organic design still feels innovative, even though the building is years old.
The Jacobs House in Wisconsin, was built in what Frank Lloyd Wright called the Usonian style, his vision of uniquely American affordable housing.
In his 70-year career, Wright designed 1,architectural works, of which were actually built by the time he died in 1959.
The American Institute of Architects considers Wright the “greatest American architect of all time.”
Wright changed the course of American architecture.
Tom is lazy and entitled.
Millennials often get a bad rap from older generations who think young adults had it too easy growing up.
Millennials often get a bad rap from older generations who think young adults had it too easy growing up, which prompted them to become lazy and entitled.
Experts say the struggle is real for U.S. millennials because they are the first generation to feel the full impact of decades of rising inequality in America.
These young Americans in their 20s and 30s earn less money without a college degree, and are more likely to die young from suicide or drug overdoses than the generations that came before them, according to a new report.
The problems plaguing millennials are the result of economic decisions made in the late '70s and early '80s, according to sociologist David Grusky, director of the Center on Poverty and Inequality at Stanford University.
Millennials earn 20% less than baby boomers did at the same stage of life, despite being better educated, according to a analysis of Federal Reserve data.
To make matters worse, public schools were receiving less funding because states had less money during the recession. Public colleges often responded by increasing tuition, which meant more students graduated with both a diploma and high student debt.
A 25-year-old millennial man with a high school degree or less makes an average of $29,per year. That's about $2,less than the generation before them, the Gen Xers, people aged to 53, and almost $10,less than baby boomers, those aged to 72, earned at the same age.
Screw it all.
The racial gap in young adult homeownership is now larger than it was before the civil rights period of the 1960s, according to Grusky.
African American millennials are also struggling more.
Eddie Davis stands beside the gravestone of his son Jeremy, furthest left, who died from the abuse of opioids at the age of 35, July 17, 2019, in Coalton, Ohio.
Death rates of people aged to shot up 20% between and 2016. Most of that increase was the result of rising suicides and drug overdoses.
The mortality rate was highest — 27% — among non-Hispanic whites.
Damn it all.
Two-thirds of Americans have a major regret relating to their college experience, according to a survey of 250,Americans who hold at least a bachelor’s degree.
The biggest regrets for college graduates are the huge debts they’ve racked up.
Student loan debt rose from $billion a decade ago to more than $1.trillion by the end of 2018.
The second most regretted part of the respondents’ college experience is what they majored in.
More than one in people say their chosen area of study is their biggest educational regret.
More than one in five people with humanities majors — which includes English and history — say they wish they hadn’t chosen that area of study.
College graduates who focused on technical or high-earnings fields have the fewest regrets, including those who majored in engineering, computer science, and business.
I will not do this again anytime soon.
Narwhals have long tusks.
Tom knew that he couldn't make everyone happy.
Mary knew that she could never make everyone happy.
Anyone who has access to a brain can do this.
I won't deny that it was difficult.
I think I did my part. The rest is up to you.
The rest is up to you.
I hope you spread the word.
I hope you spread the love too.
For many Americans, June comes and goes without them realizing that it is Flag Day, which commemorates the official adoption, on June 14, 1777, of the U.S. flag by the Second Continental Congress.
The Second Continental Congress governed the American colonies from to 1781.
The American flag has had many iterations, evolving from an unofficial banner into a government-sanctioned version in 1777.
No one knows who designed the first “official” American flag. Some historians believe it was New Jersey Congressman Francis Hopkinson.
Ross was a widow whose husband, a member of the local militia, was killed in a gunpowder explosion.
She often mended the clothes of the rebels’ leader and future U.S. president, George Washington.
According to legend, Washington asked Ross to design and sew the new nation’s flag.
Whether or not that’s what really happened remains the subject of debate.
Ross’s grandson was among those who promoted the story that his grandmother made the nation’s first flag.
Up until 1960, Congress continuously ordered changes in the design of the flag. Stars and stripes were added whenever a new state joined the union.
Today’s flag still has horizontal stripes, seven red and six white.
The stripes represent the original colonies and the stars represent the U.S. states.
The colors of the flag have meaning as well.
The red is meant to symbolize hardiness and valor, the white purity and innocence, and the blue represents vigilance, perseverance and justice.
President Woodrow Wilson officially established June as Flag Day in 1916.
The day passes without many Americans noticing, possibly because Flag Day is not an official holiday, which means Americans don’t have the day off from work.
Today, there are a few places where the U.S. flag is required to be flown hours a day. These locations include Fort McHenry in Baltimore, Maryland; the U.S. Marine Corps Memorial Iwo Jima in Arlington, Virginia; on the Green in Lexington, Massachusetts; all U.S. Customs ports of entry, and the White House in Washington.
To the untrained eye, these dilapidated buildings and neighborhoods seem to be well past their prime and ready to be torn down, but they’re actually critical links to America's past — national treasures that must be protected, according to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, a privately funded nonprofit that works to save America’s historic places.
"All old places, they have incredible power to bring people together and to provide us with continuity in the stories of who we are and where we want to go," says Katherine Malone-France.
Willert Park Courts in Buffalo, New York was the first housing project in the state to be built specifically for African Americans.
Willert Park Courts in Buffalo, an example of modern design, was the first public housing project in New York State to have African American residents.
The desire to preserve Dallas’ Tenth Street Historic District is rooted in the fact that the buildings there, which date from the late 19th to early 20th century, were mostly settled by formerly enslaved people after the Civil War.
The future of Rhode Island’s so-called “Superman” building, constructed in 1928, is also uncertain.
The Industrial Trust Company Building in Providence, Rhode Island, is under threat due to deterioration.
The art deco structure once housed the Industrial Trust Company, one of the largest and most powerful banks in New England.
Once a symbol of the state’s thriving industrial production, the building has been vacant since Bank of America moved out six years ago.
A place like Music Row isn't just about saving individual buildings — a combination of late 19th century residential and 20th century small-scale commercial and residential buildings — but also the landscape to which they are connected.
More than music-related businesses occupied late-19th century homes and small-scale commercial buildings on Nashville's Music Row.
The National Trust’s goal is not only to make certain that places like Music Row remain intact, but also to find a way to keep the sites in active use serving the surrounding community while also maintaining their identity and vitality.
Losing these places would deprive Americans of a tangible connection to the past and to the places where our history happened.
Fears of a global recession mounted this week, as a host of factors combined to send investors retreating to the safest havens they could find and forced policymakers to make plans to counteract a possible global economic slowdown.
The issues giving everyone pause are numerous and are largely interconnected.
Germany, which counts on China as a major importer of its manufactured goods, saw its economy shrink in the second quarter of the year.
Britain stands on the brink of a disorderly exit from the European Union.
Britain stands on the brink of a disorderly exit from the European Union, with unknowable — but likely dire — economic consequences.
Markets are nervous about another volley of tariff threats from President Donald Trump that would hit German cars and French wine, among other things.
Is the trade war a real thing, or is it going to peter out?
These are big questions.
Typically, sovereign debt issued by a major industrialized nation is viewed as a very safe asset.
Tom stared at the blank screen.
It happened all at once.
Tom felt like everything was happening all at once.
Tom looked exasperated.
Mary looked exasperated.
Tom texted Mary and said that he was sorry.
Tom called Mary and said that he was sorry.
Narwhals use sound to navigate.
Tom works in a correctional facility.
Tom got promoted.
Tom is always really friendly.
Mary is always really friendly.
Tom was uncooperative.
My mom did the same thing.
A scientific field is best defined by the central question it studies.
I'm happy with how it turned out.
Tom doesn't play baseball anymore.
Tom doesn't play football anymore.
Tom doesn't play handball anymore.
Tom doesn't play hockey anymore.
Tom doesn't play basketball anymore.
Tom doesn't like change.
The sea was a bit choppy.
I will speak no more of it.
Tom walked down the stairs to the basement.
Tom doesn't know who Mary went to the party with.
Tom walked out of the store without paying.
Tom noticed that Mary's car wasn't in the garage.
Tom was brutally murdered in his own house.
Tom wanted Mary to understand what was happening.
Tom was hungry and wanted something to eat.
Tom, Mary and their friends sat around the table.
Tom was rushed immediately to the hospital.
Tom and Mary announced their engagement yesterday.
Global sea levels are rising.
Where is the TV remote control?
Tom is an outstanding brother.
Do you have any explanation?
Tom can't be alive.
Let's keep things simple.
Tom hasn't spoken to Mary in three months.
Did you get the promotion?
Tom can't be alone.
We didn't have any privacy.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since Christmas.
We poked fun at each other.
Tom can't catch us.
We really should've done that.
I have to do it one more time.
I must do it again.
The Eurasian magpie is a bird.
Tom's parents didn't approve of Mary.
Both Tom and Mary were staring at me.
Tom could tell Mary was joking.
Tom texted Mary and said he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary to tell her that he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary to tell her he was sorry.
Tom called Mary and said he was sorry.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he was sorry.
Tom called Mary to tell her he was sorry.
Tom thought he was destined for bigger things.
Tom feels that he's destined for bigger things.
Tom feels he's destined for bigger things.
I really don't know at all what the situation is like in my country.
I actually have no idea of what the situation is like in my country.
I didn't have any coffee yesterday.
I had no coffee yesterday.
He threatened to kill her if she wouldn't obey him.
I was raised a Jehovah's Witness.
I wasn't raised a Jehovah's Witness.
I was raised a Christian.
I was raised a Muslim.
I was born in a Muslim-majority country.
I was raised in a Muslim-majority country.
I will never eat chicken again.
I will never eat meat again.
Do you know how to cook chicken?
Have you ever tried eating with chopsticks?
I'm afraid of forks.
I'm afraid of spoons.
I'm afraid of knives.
I have never been to a mosque.
I have never been to a church.
I have never been to the United States.
I don't like the way you treat me.
He was convicted of treason.
She was convicted of treason.
I don't want to do it every single day.
There is no way you can do it.
I'm a Muslim convert.
I'm a Christian convert.
I was raised in a Catholic family.
Kabylia is a country apart.
Kabylie is the country of Kabyle people.
The Kabyle are Berber but they are secular unlike other Berbers.
Kabyle are the indigenous people of Algeria.
Kabylie has been invaded by Arabs since 1962.
Tom can wiggle his ears.
Kabylia has a long history.
Perhaps the students' political demands arose and imposed themselves.
When was Kabylia established?
How old is Kabylia?
Kabylia is a beautiful and stable country, and this seems to bother all its enemies, especially those rabid terrorist and algerian islamists.
Between and 2019, there were numerous uprisings in Kabylie against the Algerian occupation.
Kabylia has an important port located in Bejaia.
Kabylian infrastructure is relatively good.
Kabylie is mainly mountainous which attracts a lot of tourists.
The Arabs colonized Algeria and began to colonize Kabylie since 1962.
Arabs and Kabyle are not the same.
The Arabs have killed thousands of Kabyle people since 1962.
Algerian Arabs have tortured thousands of Kabyle people since 1962.
The Algerian army has burned thousands of hectares in Kabylie since 1962.
The Algerian Arab army raped hundreds of Kabyle women between and 1965.
The Algerian Arab army supports terrorism and keeps it alive to serve its interests.
The Algerian Arab army murdered Kabyle intellectuals in the 1990s.
Algerian Arab gendarmes fired live ammunition on peaceful young Kabyle protesters. They killed young Kabyle people and disabled thousands of Kabyle for life.
Algerian Arab gendarmes live from Baksheesh, they are nevertheless very well paid by the Algerian assassin power.
Algerians disguise the socio-political reality of their country by pride and hypocrisy.
Algerians support the Algerian criminal army and corrupted Algerian power only out of pure hatred of the Kabyle.
Algerian Arabs vote for Islamist political parties but migrate to secular and libertarian countries.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters but violate and beat women who are not veiled.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters and their wives but spend their time watching pornographic films.
Mary has arrived.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle by pure jealousy. Because the Kabyle are respectful of other cultures.
The Algerian Arabs want the annihilation of everything that is Kabyle, and the Algerian corrupt power fulfills its wishes.
Algerian Arabs mask their hatred of the Kabyle by hypocritical nationalism.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but to win the sympathy of the French they say they are Kabyle.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but to find work in France they say they are Kabyle. Because Kabyles are hard workers and are trustworthy.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but want to marry Kabyle to have prestige and respect.
The Algerian Arabs are happy when the Kabyle are killed by their Arab-Islamist army.
Algerian Arabs are united only with Arab-Islamists.
Algerian Arabs are in solidarity only with Palestinian Arab Muslims.
Algerian Arabs are predominantly fenient and hypocritical.
Algerian power is corrupt and criminal against the Kabyle.
When the Kabyle are murdered by the Algerian army, the Algerians are happy.
The minority of Kabyle who support the criminal and corrupt Algerian state are Islamist Kabyle.
Algerians hate Israel because their religion allows them to kill Jews.
The majority of Algerians behave like barbarians where they emigrate.
That also requires a certain courage.
Feck!
Two and two are four.
The ice broke under him.
He froze to death somewhere in mountains.
He used to work in a dairy.
He worked in a dairy.
We cannot afford to have two cars.
Our dog was ill but he is already well now.
He feels good.
She has a talent for languages.
He does not feel well.
The famous Kabyle writer Mouloud Feraoun, cowardly assassinated by the OAS in 1962, would have said: "It is only when we become another that we can know who we are."
The dam burst and water flooded the valley.
He never felt good.
The majority of Algerians support the Algerian military regime for lack of an Islamist regime.
The majority of Algerians are schizophrenic, they vote for Islamists but emigrate to the West.
To find work in France, Algerian Arabs pretend to be Kabyle.
You must hold yourself to a higher standard.
You should hold yourself to a higher standard.
When Algerian Arabs are insulted by the true Arabs of the East, they remember for a moment that they have Berber origins.
Tom and Mary sang the Pokemon song.
You hold yourself to a higher standard than that.
Algerian Muslims spend their time insulting Israel but never invent anything except terrorism.
Algerian Muslims spend their time threatening Israel but never go to action because they are cowardly.
Algeria is a racist country that beats Sub-Saharans and Kabyle.
Algeria prohibits all church building.
Algeria hates the Jewish people for no good reason.
Algerian Muslims impose the construction of mosques in the West but forbid the construction of churches in Algeria.
I don't cry very often.
The consulates of Algiers require foreigners to convert to Islam to marry an Algerian.
Most Western names are forbidden to newborns in Algeria. But it is in the West that Algerians like to emigrate.
Most Algerians will prefer French colonialism to seeing a Berber Algeria.
Most Algerians are Islamists, some show it but others will hide it.
Most Algerians are against secularism because they are deeply Muslim.
Islam is absolutely antinomic to freedom of worship.
The Muslims dream of dominating the world that's why they hate Israel, which has groomed them in the East.
That was really unprofessional.
Tom screamed with joy.
Mary screamed with joy.
Tom and Mary laughed and screamed with joy.
This was the moment of truth.
Tom ate an ice cream sandwich.
Tom purchased his first car.
Tom bought his first car.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy each other's company.
We enjoy each other's company.
Tom and Mary seemed to enjoy each other's company.
We don't enjoy each other's company.
Tom and Mary don't enjoy each other's company.
They seemed to enjoy each other's company.
They clearly enjoy each other's company.
They seemed to really enjoy each other's company.
I've torn up all the letters you've written.
Mary chose her words with care.
Tom chose his words with care.
Tom and John watched the game together.
Tom and Mary watched the game together.
Tom and John played the game together.
Tom and Mary played a video game together.
This watch band costs around fifty thousand yen.
Tom had grown into a fine young man.
Elizabeth had grown into a fine young woman.
Tom's car gave up the ghost.
Tom's car finally gave up the ghost.
Their relationship fizzled out after a few months.
Tom and Mary's relationship fizzled out after a few months.
Tom was up against the ropes.
The boxer was up against the ropes.
I do the dishes in a hotel.
It was not technically a lie.
It's not technically a lie.
It wasn't technically a lie.
In many countries, judges are designated through appointment.
What's the name of the capital of Venezuela?
Her answer was not technically a lie.
Tom's answer was not technically a lie.
My answer was not technically a lie.
They argued about a lot of things.
Tom wasn't keen on the idea.
Tom wasn't too keen on the idea.
Tom's favourite actress is Ellen Page.
Tom's favorite actress is Ellen Page.
The human experience of text translation, with all its difficulty and its trial and error, constitutes an irreplaceable richness. The paths from one mental universe to another, the instructive journeys that flow from it and the gaps that one explores there must not be lost sight of, lest we thereby lose our humanity.
Those who feed on waiting risk starving.
An anthropologist wrongly applied the word "Semitic" not just to languages like Arabic, Amharic, Tigrinya and Hebrew but specifically to ethnically and culturally Jewish people. More ominously, from through the Nazi period of German history, racists extended the word "Aryan," which had meant the Sanskrit-Persian language family, to deliberately foster the vile and discredited theory of a so-called Aryan race.
Historically, anti-Semitism has ranged from hate speech and discrimination against individual Jewish people to organized pogroms and military attacks on entire Jewish communities.
Spanish history is replete with official anti-Semitism: the 14th-century massacres of Jews in Seville, Córdoba and elsewhere, incited by a prominent Catholic clergyman; the Spanish Inquisition and forced religious conversions, beginning in the 15th century; and the expulsion of an estimated 70,Jews by decree of Ferdinand and Isabella.
Criticizing the views and actions of Israel's elected government does not make one anti-Semitic, but such accusations are often made with little justification.
Both Ilhan and Rashida strongly oppose all forms of racism, tribal quarrels and racial hatred, whether Islamophobia, anti-Semitism or the xenophobic detention and deportation of asylum-seekers.
One who criticizes Israel's alleged human rights violations against the people of Palestine should not automatically be labelled as an anti-Semite.
I need to pass an exam in January.
I just don't get along with Tomo.
The European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights defines anti-Semitism as “rhetorical and physical manifestations directed toward Jewish or non-Jewish individuals and/or their property, toward Jewish community institutions and religious facilities. Such manifestations could also target the state of Israel, conceived as a Jewish collectivity, but criticism of Israel similar to that levelled against any other country cannot be regarded as anti-Semitic.”
Give the brakes a rest!
Martial arts are not just about fighting. They're also about becoming a better person.
Yoga can improve one's health and well-being.
Yoga can improve your flexibility.
Tom tipped the delivery boy.
I hope you tipped the delivery boy.
Tom is a big tipper.
Tom tipped the delivery girl.
Tom tipped the delivery boy 100$.
Tom gave the waiter a big tip.
Tom is a ball boy.
Mary is a ball girl.
We should play tennis together.
We should play tennis together sometime.
The ball boy retrieved the tennis ball.
The dog retrieved the ball.
Tom's dog likes to retrieve balls.
Tom hit the ball with his racquet.
Tom hit the ball with his racket.
Tom hit the tennis ball with his racket.
Tom hit the net.
The ball hit the net.
Tom works as a pizza delivery boy.
Tom played fetch with his dog.
Tom's dog likes squeaky toys.
I didn't have anything else to do, so I thought I'd drop by.
Tom had a leg cramp.
Tom was lost in his thoughts.
Tom seemed lost in his thoughts.
Tom needed to use the restroom.
Tom really needed to use the restroom.
Tom needs to use the restroom.
You were out of line.
You were totally out of line.
Tom was hunched over his desk.
Tom wouldn't speak to me for a week.
Tom wouldn't speak to me for a week after that.
She wouldn't speak to me for a week after that.
This brings back a lot of memories.
Tom suspected that his girlfriend was cheating on him.
Mary suspected that her boyfriend was cheating on her.
I didn't think much of it.
Tom didn't think much of it.
Tom hadn't thought much of it.
Tom hadn't thought much of it at the time.
Is that picture real?
Is this picture real?
Tom traded on inside information.
Tom was convicted of insider trading.
Insider trading is illegal.
Tom shares Mary's passion for music.
Mary was smitten.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary had agreed to go out with him.
I can't afford to eat out every night.
Tom can't afford to eat out every night.
Tom can afford to eat out every night.
Tom and Mary can afford to eat out every night.
Our car broke down.
Our car broke down and we're out of gas.
Tom called roadside assistance.
Tom wasn't very good at it.
Unfortunately, he wasn't very good at it.
Tom was stung by a scorpion.
The doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong.
Tom's doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston on Monday.
Tom and Mary went for a walk in the park together.
Tom was the first person here this morning.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where his passport was.
Tom was the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom broke into Mary's house and stole her jewelry.
Tom's chances of survival aren't very good.
Tom dropped Mary off at school on his way to work.
Are you and Tom really going to get married?
Tom is aware that the police are looking for Mary.
I didn't know that Tom was a police officer.
Tom was the only one who knew Mary's true identity.
I want Tom to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom often goes to the restaurant where Mary works.
I want to know how much candy Tom has eaten.
Tom suggested to Mary that they move to Australia.
Tom broke his leg when he fell off the roof.
Tom and Mary have decided to get married in Boston.
Tom can be really funny when he wants to be.
Tom and Mary were best friends when they were kids.
Tom didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Tom didn't have any idea what had happened to Mary.
Tom didn't tell his parents where he'd been.
Tom has a son named John and a daughter named Mary.
Tom doesn't have many things to worry about.
Tom has been married to Mary for over thirty years.
Tom had no idea where he was supposed to go.
Tom is lucky to have a woman like Mary in his life.
Tom invited all of his friends to his party.
Tom persuaded Mary to come and visit him in Boston.
Tom is an extraordinarily talented musician.
Tom suspects Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom is one of the owners of this restaurant.
Tom and Mary haven't spoken to each other for years.
By shedding blood, whether human's or animal's, evil is supported on this planet.
Children were playing in a sandbox and their mothers were sitting on the bench not far from them, watching them.
They moved to a small village from the city.
He didn't feel well, so he decided to see a doctor.
Peter hates peeling potatoes.
He has cheated on her three times and therefore she doesn't believe him.
He has cheated on her three times and that's why she doesn't believe him.
Do you prefer living in a city or in a village?
Some women enjoy anal sex, others not.
Sometimes I have a feeling that we are a nation of bumpkins.
That certainly requires courage.
War is depriving them of their happiness.
They told me not to go there yet.
I was told not to go there yet.
I was not prepared for it then.
I wasn't prepared for it at that time.
I asked him if he had finished painting the room.
I asked him whether he had finished painting the room.
She refused to attend his funeral.
Some people think that they are above the law.
The lessons were canceled because a large number of pupils were absent.
Why are you not eating?
He can eat all kinds of fish except for carp.
He was expelled from the school for rude manners.
He forgot to return the keys.
He forgot returning the keys.
They forgot to notify anyone that the door was freshly painted.
Human and animal sacrifice is manifestation of Satanism.
Brunch is a combination of breakfast and lunch.
Brunch replaces breakfast and lunch.
They waited for the storm to calm down and then they set out.
We had no choice but to wait.
I enjoy reading books in English.
I will go for a ride on my bicycle when the sun is down.
I spent almost the whole afternoon translating.
In clockwise order the main directions are: Never Eat Shredded Wheat, or Never Eat Slimy Worms.
In Kabylia, we speak the Kabyle language.
In Kabylie we eat couscous, the iconic dish of kabylie.
In Kabylia olive oil is used a lot.
Couscous is the traditional dish of Kabylie.
The majority of Kabyle are secular unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Kabyle voters vote for secular parties, unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Algerians vote for Islamists who are yet corrupt and uneducated.
Algerian Arabs cut up a tiger that fled the zoo. It was the gendarmes who killed him.
Open sewers are very common in Algeria.
Ali is playing the man, not the ball.
Plague, bilharziasis and cholera are very common in Algeria.
Rape and pedophilia are very common in Algeria.
In Algeria we go to the hospital and we catch other more serious diseases.
In Algeria, a woman goes to the police station for an assault and the cops touch the victim sexually.
To be a policeman or a minister in Algeria you have to be a thug.
Intelligence services in Algeria instead of spying on dangerous people they spy on modernist opponents and the oppressed.
In Algeria, everyone is a thief, from the caretaker to the president.
Algerians beat up those who do not observe Ramadan but do nothing against those who steal a whole country.
Algerians spend their time watching soccer games, praying in mosques and napping at coffee bars.
Algerians are so lazy that they brought back Chinese people to build everything.
When Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid, they throw the viscera in the street.
Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid in front of their children.
In Algeria there is no playground for children.
In Algeria children play in front of the sewers for lack of playground.
Algerian leaders build only mosques, but when they are sick they go abroad.
Algeria has built the second largest mosque in the world and does not have a serious hospital.
A woman was raped in broad daylight. Algerians are reproaching her for not wearing a veil.
The Algerian army spends billions for the arms race but has no valid factory, everything is imported.
The Algerian army spends billions on arms only to kill Kabyle people.
Algeria threatens Israel with its propaganda media but buys weapons and satellites.
We're extras.
He is sleep deprived.
He did it even though he had promised not to do it.
He ignored the warning, which cost his life.
The computer is switched off.
The computer is turned off.
He shouted the words so that everyone might hear.
Tom is reading a Bildungsroman.
He has to go to the dentist today.
We have to leave at the end of the month.
Manx is really easy!
The water's clean.
It was a beautiful day yesterday.
I should have asked you.
They know I'm right.
I am not a woman.
I am not a girl.
Boys and girls play together.
Tom is the only person who could've done it.
Tom and Mary often spend Monday afternoons together.
Tom isn't as good a driver as he used to be.
Tom did everything he could to get Mary to help him.
Tom never thought he' be allowed to do that.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come and give him a ride.
Tom packed his bags for a trip to Australia.
Tom met Mary in Boston and they became good friends.
Tom pretended not to know what had happened.
Tom ran into Mary on his way to school this morning.
Tom put the documents in a safe deposit box.
Tom takes care of Mary's dog when she's out of town.
Tom was arrested three years after he murdered Mary.
Tom seemed to have everything going for him.
Tom was sitting in the passenger seat of Mary's car.
Tom told his cellmate about his plans to escape.
Tom and Mary have spent most of their lives together.
Tom tried to be the best father he could be.
Tom didn't know what Mary was hiding behind her back.
Tom tried to picture what would happen next.
Tom is going to Boston to spend a few days with Mary.
Tom was able to do that in less than a week.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him why she did what she did.
Tom was afraid that somebody would hear him.
Tom and Mary blamed each other for their baby's death.
Tom was arrested in the middle of the night.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy doing many things together.
Tom was born in Australia and grew up there.
Tom dated Mary's sister before he started dating Mary.
Tom was eating by himself at a corner table.
Tom didn't know what Mary's next move was going to be.
Tom was horrified to hear what had happened.
Tom spends more time with Mary than he does with John.
Tom was last seen alive on October 20, 2013.
Tom is convinced Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom was sentenced to thirty years in prison.
Tom told Mary about what had happened to him in Boston.
Tom was sitting at his desk, doing his work.
Tom waited for Mary to come get him, but she never did.
Tom wasn't able to finish what he'd started.
Tom and Mary had a couple of drinks together at the bar.
Tom will be getting married in three months.
Tom has been married to Mary for more than thirty years.
Tom asked the clerk how much everything cost.
Tom is planning something special for just him and Mary.
Tom came to Australia looking for a new life.
Tom suspects that Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom can't live without the drugs he's taking.
Tom and Mary have been through some rough times together.
Tom celebrated his birthday with his friends.
Tom charged Mary three hundred dollars to paint her fence.
Tom could hardly believe what he was hearing.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something special for her birthday.
Tom was surprised to find Mary waiting on his front porch.
Tom didn't go back to his office after lunch.
Tom is going to drop Mary off at school on his way to work.
Tom didn't know what was causing the problem.
Tom is planning something special for Mary on her birthday.
Tom didn't want to go to school this morning.
Ashkenazi Hebrew uses a sibilant fricative where Yemenite Hebrew has a non-sibilant fricative.
Most languages have bilabial consonants.
In English, F and V are labiodental fricatives.
Esther thought the narwhal was so cute.
Esther didn't have time to eat the continental breakfast.
Esther's hotel room came with a continental breakfast.
According to Jewish tradition, the first fratricide was also the first homicide.
Buggery is good, actually.
That certainly is specific, Moyshe.
Tom is engaged in extreme arrangements of contemporary music for accordion.
Esther is Estonian.
Esther is an Estonian woman.
I'll take some of that, too.
Tom raised his eyebrows at the suggestion.
Mary raised her eyebrows at the suggestion.
I'll take some of that potato salad.
Koalas are vulnerable to bushfires due to their slow movements.
I never drink tea.
Tom never drinks tea.
Tom never drinks coffee.
Tom put his hand in the popcorn bag.
Tom dipped his hand into the popcorn bag.
Tom and Mary both put their hands into the popcorn bag at the same time.
Tom cooked the popcorn.
Tom put the popcorn into a bowl.
The popcorn is burning.
Tom has a a popcorn machine.
Tom ate the popcorn directly from the bag.
Tom made ice cream.
Tom has an ice cream machine.
Who wants popcorn?
Tom tipped his sunglasses.
Mary tipped her sunglasses.
Tom circled the word.
Tom circled the word with his pencil.
Tom ate the entire bag.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish what she was doing.
Tom entered the house through an open window.
Tom is convinced that Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom fell in love with his next door neighbor.
Tom waited for Mary to come pick him up, but she never did.
Tom finally found what he'd been looking for.
Tom probably would've killed Mary if John hadn't stopped him.
Tom got into a fight with someone at the bar.
We've got so much in common.
Tom stopped hitting Mary as soon as John walked into the room.
Tom got yelled at by his boss this afternoon.
Tom found out that Mary was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom had everything he needed in his suitcase.
Tom tried to show Mary the picture without letting John see it.
Tom had no idea that he was so badly injured.
Tom tried to show the picture to Mary without letting John see it.
Tom had no idea what was happening next door.
Tom had no reason to suspect Mary was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom had the feeling that something was wrong.
Tom took one more look at Mary's picture and then threw it into the fire.
Tom has a white convertible with a black top.
Tom wrote down his suggestions on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
What happened with your date last night?
Tom has been a teacher here for thirty years.
Tom and Mary have the same last name, but they're not related to each other.
Tom has been seeing a counselor once a month.
Tom and Mary were yelling at each other when I passed by their house last night.
"We've got so much in common." "We do?"
You've got so much in common.
Tom invited Mary to visit him on his farm.
My method is better than yours.
Tom can't marry you.
Cheer up. It's not that bad.
I'll make the tea.
Romantic relationships can be confusing.
Mary wrote to an advice column.
Tom wrote to an advice column for help.
It was one of the worst mistakes I've ever made.
Tom joined a book club.
Tom started a book club.
They became fast friends.
Tom danced like a robot.
We didn't have much in common anyway.
This story scares me!
We like the same music.
Our prayers have been answered.
Tom is Mary's son from her first marriage.
We can't let this happen again.
Tom can't stay away.
I turned a blind eye.
If women didn’t exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
"We've got so much in common." "You do?"
They're from Iran.
Their father is Czech and their mother comes from Hungary.
I dreamed about our town having an underground.
I dreamt about fighting in a war.
I dream of having my own company.
I dreamt about my workmate's girlfriend.
I had a vivid dream about the end of the world.
I was supposed to see a doctor.
I should have seen a doctor.
I dreamt about making love with a beautiful girl.
It was extremely simple.
I prefer Czech food to imported.
I dreamt about being fluent in Hungarian.
I wish that I had never taken the office.
I wish I had never taken the office.
I wish that I hadn't taken the office.
I wish I hadn't taken the bus.
Hallelujah!
I am considering changing my job.
You shouldn't have sold the house.
She took the job only to gratify her husband.
I wish I was fluent in all the languages.
If only I was fluent in all the languages.
This time I've outdone myself.
He didn't meet the obligations and was disciplined for that.
The student has outdone the teacher.
I don't want to compete with anybody.
I have one beer a day.
They had been dating for two years before they got married.
They had been dating for two years before getting married.
They had to wait two years to get the flat.
She was waiting for the bus.
You shouldn't sell the house.
You had better tell the truth.
I could do it, but I don't want to.
We are not equipped for such kind of intervention.
I have to do it all over again.
The bag smells horrible.
All I could see was the flickering lights.
The bus door opened.
He was pointing to the bottle of water desperately.
I was waiting for a bus.
I just remembered a joke.
I can't spend another second sitting next to this man.
I called my mom to come pick me up.
My fingers went numb.
It started raining and we ran to the cafe.
There was a dead cat in that plastic bag.
I ride public transportation.
I hate public transportation.
He has a thick Kabyle accent.
"You've got so much in common." "Like what?"
"You've got so much in common." "Like what?" "Well, for a start you're both single."
Tom is an advice columnist.
Mary is an advice columnist.
I should have called sooner.
I'm sorry. I should have called you sooner.
I'm sorry. I should have called you back sooner.
You should have called me sooner.
You should have asked me sooner.
I failed again.
Mary says she has no time.
Tom struggled to keep up.
Tom struggled to keep up with Mary.
Tom struggled to keep up with class assignments.
Tom struggled to keep up with the coursework.
I am valuable.
Everything is nothing.
God is one.
See you at the market.
I just got out of school.
Tomorrow I will see him.
Together we saw this movie.
Tom smokes in the balcony, but Mary does not like it very much.
Tom is smoking on the balcony, but Mary doesn't like it very much.
I found this letter among those books.
We need to do better next time.
Tom is going to stick around and help Mary.
We should be millionaires soon.
Tom can't answer now.
We went to bed before midnight.
Tom is lucky to have a daughter like Mary.
We were ahead of everyone else.
Tom can't be far off.
It's about time for us to leave.
Tom was shaken by the news of Mary's death.
We were ahead of everybody else.
Living conditions have improved.
Tom can't do a thing.
We walked for about three hours.
Tom looked across the street and saw Mary.
We walked about three hours.
Will you do anything about that?
Tom was here earlier.
You need to do something about it.
Tom never thought anything bad about Mary.
I felt something crawling up my leg.
Tom can't go anywhere.
Do you know how long is it going to be compiling?
The mind’s thoughts precede actions, guide them and make them. For someone, therefore, who speaks or acts with evil mind, suffering ensues, just as a cartwheel follows the path of the draft-ox.
My father has five brothers.
The government punished them severely.
I wrote a lot of sentences.
This will teach her a lesson.
My mother cannot ride a bicycle.
I am going to attend a funeral tomorrow.
I dreamt about being a very rich person.
I don't need to be rich in order to be happy.
I don't take revenge on you for anything.
If I do it, he will take revenge on me.
When somebody rebukes him for anything, he easily takes offence.
If somebody rebukes him for anything, he easily takes ill.
My brother, whose reputation is bad, is a rich businessman.
She said something that irritated me.
He told me that dogs weren't allowed on their premises.
Death penalty is waiting for him.
Some like it hot, they say.  Maybe they're talking about milk, or hedgehog. What do you think it is?
He went unpunished.
He's a shark at math.
It seems that the war is not over yet.
My sister learned to ride a bike earlier than me.
How much time do you need for the preparation?
We will go for a walk even if it rains.
I'm not an idiot!
He asked me to lend him thirty euros.
After only a little time writing my hand is sore.
Why didn't you say this before?
At four o'clock he went to the barber.
She walked in high heels on the cobblestones.
He's the only one I love.
Tom is acting up.
Did you drive here?
The train is late because of the snow.
When could I get the book that you borrowed?
Blessed are the cheesemakers.
We have to demolish the whole building because of the foundation and to build everything anew.
It's a blanket she will weave.
Have some hormones.
Why don't we take a 10-minute break?
Tom received an unexpected call from Mary.
You have to do something about that.
Tom can't participate.
You need to do something about that.
I'm getting tired of this hot weather.
Tom doesn't get tired.
I'm getting tired of this cold weather.
Tom spent the weekend in Boston with Mary.
Are you going to do anything about that?
My father played golf on Sunday morning.
My father played golf that Sunday morning.
He's strong as a bull and brave as a lion.
Since the end of the eighteenth century, the group of peoples who spread, probably from the Arabian peninsula, to Mesopotamia, Syria and Palestine around BCE — and, before BC from southern Arabia to Abyssinia, on the opposite African mainland — have been designated as Semites. They were so called after Shem, who, according to the first Book of Moses, chapter 10, was the eldest son of Noah.
The Algerian state is dictatorial.
The Algerian state does not respect human rights yet it has signed the charter.
Tom sent a love letter to Mary but never found out if it had arrived at her place.
Which road leads to town?
Harmonious spouses can even empty all the water out of the Pacific Ocean.
I taught her Arabic and she taught me some Berber in return.
I met both of them in Kabylie and we all had a great day.
She's an Algerian woman.
Our dog gets the best food.
I wonder what comes next.
The boss of this company is a bitchy old lady.
The owner of this company is a bitchy lady.
She has a thick Kabyle accent.
Next time you receive a threatening message from the separatists, call the police department.
Next time you receive a threatening message from the separatists, report it to the police.
I am stupid.
Threatening messages are part of the separatist group's online terrorism.
He owns a two-story apartment in Kabylie.
He was kicked out by his girlfriend.
She fell asleep on my arm on the bus.
I talked about Kabylie.
Nobody asked me if I liked it or not.
The manager of this company is an asshole.
The separatists openly question the existence of the Berber language and hate anyone who talks about it.
She has been a part of my life for the last four years.
This gift basket comes from Kabylie.
When I arrived at the office, I found out that I didn't have my documents.
I'm no longer living in Kabylie.
I recognized the waiter's accent as Kabyle.
We lived in a typical Kabyle house.
Never settle.
You can't say weird stuff like that, unless you want everyone else to think you're an odd fish.
I'm stupid and I don't know why.
It seems that some of these separatists are living in a bubble.
The separatists are trying to intimidate anyone who doesn't agree with their racist and separatist ideas.
Cruelty in young people is fostered by violent movies and PC games.
They threatened my life multiple times.
Living in Kabylie is fantastic.
He speaks poor Berber.
The separatists sent me a threatening e-mail.
Who is funding the separatists?
Who is funding the separatist group?
I saw a lady in a Kabyle dress.
Our boss is such a bitch.
The boss of this company is such a bitch.
For the separatists, anyone who criticizes their Islamophobic discourse is an "Islamist".
Some people don't have human soul.
They insisted on my going there.
Human beings are at the top of the food chain.
The soldiers who didn't obey orders were executed.
Aging is a programme.
Human history is written in blood.
Don't announce my name loudly.
Don't touch those glasses.
They didn't even invited them to their wedding.
You should socialize more.
Never take gifts from customers.
It's our third day in Kabylie.
Which language do you like best?
I forgot my wallet on the nightstand.
I haven't had beer for a week.
I haven't drunk beer for a week.
Go back to school.
Come to school.
She was working in a hair salon in Kabylie.
She mentioned she was from Kabylie.
She was beautiful but very proud girl.
We are in for tropical weather again.
I tolerate cold better than heat.
Do you like your mother language?
I wasn't at work today.
He tends to skip school.
No all children have free access to education.
I am your friend, not enemy.
I don't mind your smoking, but I mind your vulgarity.
He didn't have any friends.
His parents were in Kabylie.
We make a lot of mistakes out of inattention.
He wanted to know where his wife was.
He wanted to know where his wife had been.
It is too hot for me to go out.
Our dog eats fruit and vegetables.
I never cry.
Wolves and dogs are animals from the same genus, but different species.
My brother closes his eyes when he drinks.
Regarding his age, he enjoys good health.
We wish for fraternity to prevail over discord.
Don't be afraid of the separatists. They are all talk and no action.
Ulifsus, an ex-MAK member, says that this separatist group is very dangerous.
I need to take time out from my work.
Do you know what the term "false friends" means?
I was sweating bullets.
I was pooping bricks.
I was on medications.
I lived in Kabylie my entire life.
I was born and raised here in Kabylie.
People are lovely here in Kabylie.
Tom took out a cup from the cupboard, but Mary didn't like it very much.
I was excited to go to Kabylie.
He was muttering something in Berber.
Dad is a taxi driver.
Malnourished animals were taken away from the breeder.
Each time I remember Kabylie, I feel a small pang of sadness.
She told me not to touch her.
She told me that she didn't want to be with me anymore.
She told me that she was afraid of me.
Time spent translating on Tatoeba isn't wasted.
We purchased our first home in Kabylie.
We wanted to start a family in Kabylie.
All our children were born in Kabylie.
We both worked in Kabylie.
We knew that would probably be our last holiday in Kabylie.
I try to make as little mistakes as possible.
Most dogs have brown eyes.
I take English as my second language.
I am able to think and dream in English.
Tatoeba enchanted me.
The separatists are known for their vulgarity.
The separatists are known for the vulgarity of their messages.
The separatists are known for their extreme vulgarity.
Tatoeba has enchanted me.
He was learning Berber due to his interest to it.
He traveled back to Kabylie.
I heard him speaking Berber.
He's talking to them in Berber.
She has given up on trying to learn Berber.
He was speaking Arabic with a Kabyle accent.
We were going to meet her in Kabylie.
He took a Berber class.
She had a thick Kabyle accent.
The list is very long.
Tom put a plastic wrap over the food.
Tom put a plastic wrap over the leftovers.
Tom memorized a list of very long words.
The list is not very long.
Tom memorized a very long list of words.
I have to make my dad happy.
Tom memorized a short list of very long words.
I must have heard him wrong.
I must have heard her wrong.
The student read a text.
She wrote me a letter last year.
For crying out loud.
The poor, she got sick.
You should've called me sooner.
You should've called me earlier.
Tom really looks busy.
I'd prefer a hotel close to the airport.
Tom threw a big party for Mary's birthday.
Would you be willing to donate a kidney?
Encourage Tom to do it.
You always get your own way, don't you?
Tom told me he used to be married to Mary.
I didn't get to bed until after midnight.
Tom can't buy them all.
I don't know how things got so complicated.
Tom lives in the backcountry.
Tom lives in the outback.
The king ordered the construction of a new wing to the castle.
Tom and Mary built a new wing to the house.
The princess is in her boudoir.
Mary is in the drawing room.
Tom is in the drawing room.
The king held a feast in the great hall.
President Obama was born in Hawaii.
Tom wanted his children to stay with Mary.
Living conditions have improved quite a lot.
Tom can't leave Boston.
Someone broke into my car and stole my guitar.
I'll be in Australia about three weeks from now.
Tom can't remember you.
We've improved the quality of many of our products.
Tom's brother is married to Mary's sister.
You should rent a bicycle and ride around the lake.
Tom is asking for help.
I live in a community where most people can walk to work.
Tom agreed to meet Mary in the parking lot.
I wanted to practice speaking French with native speakers.
Tom can't be controlled.
The meeting didn't start until four fifteen, and didn't end until five forty-five.
Trinity Square was the original center of St. Petersburg.
Have you considered staying in a hostel?
Most Canadian provinces have set the minimum age to purchase and consume cannabis at 19. In Alberta, however, it's 18, and in Quebec it's 21.
He has to get out of there.
Three provinces of Canada have set the minimum age to enter a liquor store or to buy and consume alcohol at 18; elsewhere the minimum age is 19.
Four Canadian provinces permit 18-year-olds to buy and smoke tobacco products; the remaining provinces, as well as the three territories, have set the minimum age to 19.
William Saroyan was a North American writer of Armenian descent.
Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it.
There is another problem to solve.
Older dogs need a lot of sleep.
I understand absolutely nothing.
I did not understand anything.
I did not see anything.
A truck driver crashed into garage door on the premises of our firm.
They bought their children some writting implements for school.
I haven't got hungry yet.
There are always a lot of sentences to translate.
This isn't just for decoration here.
Nobody told me what exactly I was supposed to do.
Does anybody know when the next train for Prague leaves?
I was about to leave when fire broke out in the house.
I have a very common Berber last name.
"Are you Berber?" "Yes, I am."
"Are you Kabyle?" "No."
"Do you speak Berber?" "Sure."
"Do you speak Berber?" "No."
"Are you Kabyle?" "No, I'm not."
"Are you Kabyle?" "No, but my mother is."
Almost all Kabyles are against this separatist group.
The separatist group is widely rejected in Kabylie.
They threatened to set his car on fire.
The fire threatens to spread out.
Kabylie is a country in its own right.
Kabylie is a tolerant country unlike Algeria.
I refused to agree to the terms.
Kabylie is a secure country unlike Algeria.
I am still not hungry.
Algeria is a country that finances terrorism.
Algeria is a country that creates terrorism on its own territory.
She gets a credit.
He didn't have lunch or dinner.
One mistake can be the last.
I received multiple threatening e-mails from the separatists.
The separatists threatened to harm me physically.
I take any threat sent to me by the separatist as valid danger.
He's not of sound mind.
I have never been a Kabyle music fan.
They will assign a guardian for him.
He owns a big old house in Kabylie.
Some separatists threatened to beat me to death.
I screenshot all the threatening messages sent to me by the separatists.
Even though I applied sunscreen I still got really burned.
Where did you go without telling me?
Does it have anything to do with the stomach ache?
Now everyone knows the true face of the separatists.
We don't need separatists in Kabylie.
Kabylie doesn't need separatists.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and doesn't need separatists.
The separatists are French and Canadian and I don't think they have the right to talk about the future of Kabylie.
You're fluent in Berber, aren't you?
I know Kabylie very well.
The separatists threaten and intimidate anyone who doesn't agree with them.
The separatists want the separation of Kabylie from Algeria, and yet they don't like to be called separatists.
I'll get off somewhere on the way.
The authoritative encyclopedia of the separatists is Wikipedia.
Mouloud Mammeri was never a separatist.
Will you please get out of the car?
This car is reported as stolen.
I'm watching this video from Algeria.
Algeria is experiencing inflation.
Algiers is a safe city.
Algeria has huge oil reserves.
Between and 1989, Algeria was a socialist country.
Sonatrach is the largest company in Algeria.
Oil giant Sonatrach is the largest company in Algeria.
Algeria needs to reduce public spending.
Algeria and Nigeria are oil-rich countries.
Algeria is neither a democracy nor a dictatorship.
Algeria has an economy that's fully dependent on its oil.
Algeria produces oil.
Algeria felt the effect of the fall in oil prices.
Algeria has been experiencing inflation since 2015.
Things are getting better in Algeria.
Who wants to destroy Algeria?
The Bank of Algeria is the Algerian central bank.
This meat is produced in Algeria.
This car was made in Algeria.
Algeria based its entire economy on the export of oil.
Algeria regularly launches large oil tenders.
Algeria does not respect human rights.
Algeria imports a lot of goods from China.
We need to pull Algeria out of this economic crisis.
Algeria finances Islamists and terrorism.
He knows everything about Algeria.
Algeria has never respected human rights.
Algeria will never respect human rights.
Algeria needs to be pulled off this political crisis.
Algeria is not a dictatorship.
We need more freedom of speech in Algeria.
The Algerian army has murdered pacifist monks.
In Algeria, we have presidential elections every five years.
The Algerian army has raped Kabyle women.
Ait Menguellet is very popular in Algeria.
This is a copy of the Algerian constitution.
This building is Algeria's presidency of the republic.
Abdelkader Bensalah is the head of state of Algeria.
Let's take a look back at the history of Algeria.
Algeria is a sovereign state.
Algeria isn't a dictatorship.
Algeria must hold free and fair elections.
Algeria has a lot of oil.
Sonatrach is Algeria's state oil company.
Algeria has big oil reserves.
Algeria produces oil and natural gas.
Algeria procuces oil and gas.
Algeria has good relations with Iran.
Algeria has strategic relations with China.
Algeria still supports the Palestinians.
Algeria still supports Palestine.
Algeria is not afraid of terrorism.
Algeria is not afraid of Daesh.
Algeria has a powerful army.
Algeria is neither poor nor rich.
Many Algerians live in Spain.
I'm sending money to my family in Algeria.
Algeria has diplomatic relations with North Korea.
The Algerian army rigs the election.
Algeria doesn't want wars in North Africa.
We want to learn more about Algeria.
I'm sure that this article will make you reconsider your views about Algeria.
The Algerian army assassinated President Boudiaf.
Algeria is a very big country.
The Algerian army fired on Algerian protesters in and 2001.
The Algerian army colonized Kabylia and instilled terror in the villages.
Algeria is a big country in Africa but it is the smallest in terms of human rights.
The Algerian flag is a tricolor.
Algeria fights secularism and democracy.
Algeria is an internationally recognized sovereign nation.
The Algerian school teaches hatred against Jews and Christians.
Christians are persecuted in Algeria.
Algeria has no borders with Chad.
Atheists are lynched and murdered in Algeria.
Algeria has a few green valleys in the north.
Kabyles speak a dialect of the Berber language.
Kabyles and Shawis speak Berber.
He lives in Algeria.
Are there Jews in Algeria?
Algerian Muslims celebrated the attack that took place in the United States.
Algeria and Tunisia are culturally very similar.
Algeria has a very rich and vibrant culture.
The Kabyle speak Kabyle.
Algeria is a member of the Arab League.
Algeria's history extends millennia in the past.
The Kabyle are not Algerian but only Kabyle.
Algeria is divided into provinces called wilayas.
Algeria's largest city is Algiers.
Algeria's islands are very small and uninhabited.
Algeria has a long and incredible history.
King Massinissa is buried in Algeria.
Algeria's highest mountain is in the Sahara.
Algeria produces dates.
Alcohol isn't banned in Algeria.
Algeria doesn't ban alcohol.
Weren't you together?
What is life like in Algeria?
Algeria is interesting.
Algerians are ethnically Berber.
Algeria uses the dinar as its currency.
Islam entered Algeria in the 7th century AD.
The official languages of Algeria are Arabic and Tamazight.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer or the Berber new year.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer or the Amazigh new year.
Kabyles mostly live in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabyles live in the northeast of Algeria.
Algeria has a small Christian community.
Algeria isn't a theocracy.
Russia and China are Algeria's best friends.
Algeria has good relations with North Korea.
Algeria and Russia have always been on good terms.
What will Algeria look like in twenty years?
Mary couldn't have been more wrong.
Tom could not have been more wrong.
This is one of the most fun things I've ever done.
It was one of the most fun things that Tom had ever done.
What do you like best about your family?
What do you like best about your city?
What do you like best about your best friend?
What do you like best about your significant other?
What are some of the fun things you do as a family?
Tom and Mary participated in a model U.N. conference.
Tom participated in a model U.N. conference.
"What would you like to do?" "I don't know."
"What would you like to do?" "I don't know. What would you like to do?"
Tom is in his room, getting changed.
You must've been practicing.
Tom is making plans for the weekend.
I want another piece of pizza.
Tom is very sorry for what happened.
Aren't you proud of yourself?
Tom isn't as happy as he used to be.
I want another slice of bread.
Tom isn't as vocal as he used to be.
Children sometimes misbehave.
Tom knows a lot of people in Boston.
I want another slice of pizza.
How much are you able to pay?
Chabha did not hold back her tears.
You've changed a lot!
Tom was rehearsing his speech.
Tom is rehearsing his speech.
Tom rehearsed his speech.
Tom should've rehearsed his speech.
Tom opened the car door and got out.
I want to know what'll happen.
Tom seemed to be getting suspicious.
Let's ride the roller coaster.
Tom took care of his little brother.
I want to see how you do that.
Tom took his dog to Boston with him.
None of the windows are open.
Tom was arrested on his wedding day.
I want to sit near the window.
All of the windows are closed.
Tom was at a party three nights ago.
Only a few of us can do that.
Tom was awake, but he couldn't move.
I wish I could play the cello.
Tom was buried in an unmarked grave.
I wish that I could play the cello.
Tom was found dead in his apartment.
I wish I could play the piano.
I wish that I could play the piano.
Tom was in high school at that time.
Very few students were there.
Only a few students were there.
Tom was left alone in the classroom.
Mary was my girlfriend in high school.
Water skiing is a lot of fun.
Tom was really rude to the waitress.
I'd rather visit Australia.
Tom was standing behind the counter.
Why are you such a good cook?
Tom was the brains of the operation.
I deleted the file by accident.
Tom was the last to leave the store.
You certainly did well today.
Tom was the one who made this video.
I don't want people to pity me.
Tom was too scared to talk about it.
You must've done this before.
Tom was embroiled in a scandal.
Tom was embroiled in a scandal involving a famous actress.
Tom became embroiled in a scandal.
Many people were embroiled in the scandal.
Tom watched a cooking show.
Tom and Mary watched a cooking show.
Tom was wearing a purple sweatshirt.
I need to hire a new secretary.
Tom was trying to get the door open.
A cup of coffee would be nice.
Tom washed his hair with cold water.
I need to reschedule my flight.
Tom went to the clinic this morning.
Another blanket would be nice.
I didn't know that Tom was a mailman.
I want a motorcycle like yours.
I support Tom.
Tom nudged his horse forward.
Tom is a leading expert in his field.
I don't want to do business with Tom.
Not all of us are from Boston.
I want to know how much Tom owes you.
I want to buy a new motorcycle.
I wish Tom wouldn't watch so much TV.
That's the right way to do it.
Is it true you called Tom last night?
I want to learn how to crochet.
Please don't show Tom how to do that.
That's the wrong way to do it.
Her excitement was genuine.
His excitement was genuine.
Tom's excitement was genuine.
I can never do anything right.
I can never do anything right!
You always have to have the last word.
Tom is not the type to hold a grudge.
Tom doesn't love anyone except himself.
Please don't tell Tom how to do that.
I want to learn how to program.
Tom bought himself a red convertible.
The game wasn't very exciting.
Tom caught the frisbee with one hand.
I want to play tennis with you.
Tom didn't realize who that girl was.
Things are getting pretty bad.
Tom isn't the type to hold a grudge.
That which we know is just a drop in the ocean. That which we do not know is an ocean.
Mary was filled with feelings she had never experienced before.
My first wife is from Bologna and the second one is from Padua.
You got the chance but you didn't take it.
I bought a new car. I bought it new.
Mary married young. She is now years old and has great grandchildren.
You really should read them.
US President Donald Trump imposed a freeze on all Venezuelan government assets in the United States on Monday, aimed at removing President Nicolas Maduro from power.
Gun worship is the religion which requires the continuing sacrifice of other people’s children.
Dinosaurs can be divided into avian dinosaurs and non-avian dinosaurs.
Non-avian dinosaurs are all dinosaurs other than birds.
I haven't prayed.
Akli continued on his way.
Hi Chaban!
I must eat something.
They were arguing about where to go on holiday.
They spent their holiday in the mountains.
I forgot to put drops into my eyes.
You won't benefit from that.
I wonder where the book is.
He didn't mend his ways and ended back in jail.
They eat almost always the same food.
We have nothing to do with them.
Tom is a Brexiteer, unlike his wife, Mary, who is a Remoaner.
What's taking it so long?
You stole.
So, have you learnt arythmetic? - Sure!
They will live forever.
Having lots of money and fame does not guarantee a successful relationship.
Angelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, bringing an end to one of the world’s most famous couples.
“Love” and “hate” are opposites.
“Love” and “hate” are both strong emotions.
Tom has a love-hate relationship with his job.
Tom and Mary have a love-hate relationship.
There is a fine line between love and hate.
Tom and Mary want to be together, but everything seems to keep them apart.
Tom and Mary are star-crossed lovers.
Tom and Mary want to be together, but everything seems to keep them apart – even the stars.
Some people believe that the stars control our futures.
Tom and Mary are in a long-distance relationship.
A long-distance relationship can be perfect for someone who likes their own space. But it can be lonely for a person who wants to spend a lot of time day-to-day with their partner.
A long-distance relationship can also be very expensive if the two people need to buy airplane tickets to see each other.
Every relationship has its ups and downs.
Tom and Mary have a tumultuous relationship.
A love triangle does not describe a person who loves geometry, but it does involve the number three.
A love triangle describes three people who have feelings for each other but those feelings do not always match.
Mary told Tom how she really felt about him.
Tom told Mary how he really felt about her.
Tom realized that he liked Mary too.
Mary told Tom that she loves him, but that she's not in love with him.
Tom believes that the stars control our futures.
The activity of a certain gene could determine how social you are and how well you bond with others.
The OXT gene is responsible for the generation of a substance called oxytocin, often referred to as the “love hormone.”
In 1967, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the banning of interracial marriage violated the Constitution.
Tom was finding it hard to concentrate.
Mary was finding it hard to concentrate.
Tom's death had affected her more than she had expected.
Tom's death affected Mary more than she had expected.
Tom changed the subject abruptly.
Seven environmental and animal rights groups are suing the Trump administration for its regulations that would make drastic changes to the implementation of the Endangered Species Act.
"In the midst of an unprecedented extinction crisis, the Trump administration is eviscerating our most effective wildlife protection law,” the National Resources Defense Council said. “These regulatory changes will place vulnerable species in immediate danger – all to line the pockets of industry. We are counting on the courts to step in before it is too late."
Environmentalists credit the Endangered Species Act with saving numerous animals, plants and other species from extinction.
"The revisions finalized with this rule-making fit squarely within the president’s mandate of easing the regulatory burden on the American public without sacrificing our species' protection and recovery goals," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said last week.
The finalized changes include requiring consideration of economic cost when deciding whether to save a species from extinction.
The revised regulations would also end blanket protection for a species listed as threatened.
Conservation and wildlife groups call the changes U.S. President Donald Trump's gift to logging, ranching, and oil industries, saying they take a bulldozer through protections for America’s most vulnerable wildlife.
Thousands of wildfires burning in the Amazon rainforest threaten to wipe out large parts of a vital and irreplaceable ecosystem.
"Our house is burning. Literally," French President Emmanuel Macron tweeted Thursday. "The Amazon rainforest, the lungs which produces 20% of our planet's oxygen, is on fire. It is an international crisis."
Images from U.S. satellites show smoke blanketing South America from the thousands of fires burning in the Amazon.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says he is very concerned.
The Bishops Conference for Latin America said the fires are a "tragedy" and called on the world to take immediate action to protect the Amazon.
Brazil's National Institute for Space Research reported this week it has spotted about 73,fires in the Amazon so far this year — an 83% surge over the first eight months of 2018.
Environmentalists put much of the blame on Bolsonaro, saying he encourages farmers and others to burn land for development and pasture.
Environmentalists decry what they say are Bolsonaro's anti-environment stance in favor of oil, mineral, logging and ranching interests.
Bolsonaro has called the Amazon an economic resource that should be exploited.
The Amazon rainforest is the world's biggest ecosystem and irreplaceable. Environmentalists call it "the world's lungs" because it creates 20% of the globe's oxygen and is able to absorb carbon dioxide, the gas primarily responsible for global warming.
The Amazon is home to much of Brazil's indigenous population and thousands of species of mammals, birds and reptiles.
The global effort to end polio has been going on for more than years.
Nigeria has not had a case of wild polio since 2016.
In the years since the launch of this global effort, the number of polio cases has dropped by 99.9%. Instead of hundreds of thousands of children being paralyzed each year, the number stood at as of August 20.
Delegates at a U.N. wildlife conference in Geneva voted Sunday to ban the practice of taking baby elephants from their natural habitat and placing them in zoos and circuses.
Forty-six countries at the UN Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species voted to outlaw the practice, white voted against it, including the United States.
"This decision will save countless elephants from being ripped away from their families in the wild and forces to spend their lifetimes imprisoned in substandard conditions at zoos," the Humane Society International said Sunday.
The capture of baby elephants is horribly cruel and traumatic to both the mothers, their calves and the herds that are left behind.
Tackling the illegal trade in endangered wild fauna and flora and strengthening trade rules for fisheries, timber, and exotic pets are just a few of the many controversial and emotional issues to be discussed over the next two weeks at a World Wildlife Conference opening in Geneva Saturday.
Thousands of delegates are expected to gather at Geneva’s cavernous Palexpo Exhibition center.
One of the hot button issues on the agenda is that of the conservation of African elephants.
Mourners in Iceland gathered Sunday to bid a final farewell to 700-year-old Okjokull, the first Icelandic glacier lost to climate change.
Children installed a memorial plaque to the glacier, now called just "Ok,'' its name missing "jokull", the Icelandic word for glacier.
The plaque bears the inscription "A letter to the future", and is intended to raise awareness about the decline of glaciers and the effects of climate change.
"In the next years all our glaciers are expected to follow the same path. This monument is to acknowledge that we know what is happening and what needs to be done. Only you know if we did it," the plaque reads.
The Virginia Zoo in Norfolk announced the birth of red panda triplets.
About years ago, Campana started Animal Orthocare, now called Bionic Pets, and set out to ease the pain and suffering of disabled animals.
Campana creates innovative prosthetics for pets without limbs, and even for wild animals.
The loud sounds of sawing, drilling and scraping reverberate around the room.
Campana, who calls himself an animal orthotist, is sawing a piece of medical grade plastic in half, pouring plaster into molds, and scraping hardened plaster from a soon to be finished device to make sure it fits his client just right.
The animals all have a story –a dog found on train tracks with a missing paw, another pup with a birth defect that made her front leg much shorter than her left, a pony whose hind leg had to be amputated.
Although most of the clients are dogs with knee problems, orthotics and prosthetics have been fashioned for a wide range of other animals, including horses, goats, cows, turtles and birds.
“I get such joy helping animals,” Campana says, as his workshop companion, his cute little white dog, sits by his side.
“We were able to make one of the first leg braces for a camel in the world,” he says. “Every day I get a new request and new challenge.”
His workshop contains the molds of prosthetic legs he constructed for a couple of elephants in Thailand who lost their limbs from landmine explosions.
Campana tells the story of going to Africa to fit an elephant with a life-saving leg brace.
Jabu, the African elephant from Botswana, fell into a termite hole and he twisted his wrist really bad. I was able to make a brace to stabilize the leg so he wouldn’t get attacked and could get around.
“You are a very good boy,” Campana says soothingly to a black and white dog which is laying on its side getting fitted for a leg brace.
“I just want him to live the last few years of his life the best he can,” Lackas says of her beloved pet.
“It still gives me goosebumps when you fit a dog, and he maybe has never taken a step in his life, or he has been injured for months, and is just starting to gain his mobility -- that joy you see, that smile, that sparkle, that wagging of their tail,” Campana says with a smile.
The best meteor shower of the year is upon us.
Across the Northern Hemisphere, sky watchers will be treated to a stunning array of meteors streaking overhead from late Sunday into early Monday, as well as Monday night into early Tuesday.
The Perseids occur when Earth enters the debris field left behind by the comet Swift-Tuttle.
The Earth entered the debris field in late July, but this weekend will be the peak, with as many as meteors streaking by every hour.
The Earth will exit the debris field in late August.
For best viewing, NASA recommends going away from bright city lights to darker areas.
The meteors can be seen in all directions, NASA says.
All you need are your eyes; no binoculars or telescopes required.
People should give their eyes about minutes to adjust to the dark.
The Perseid meteor shower is often considered to be one of the best meteor showers of the year.
Malaria kills more than 400,people every year.
Scientists warn the most effective drug used to treat malaria is becoming ineffective in parts of Southeast Asia.
Researchers from Thailand’s Mahidol University and Britain’s Oxford University say parasites that carry malaria are developing resistance to a key drug combination across multiple regions of Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam.
The report warns that the parasite Plasmodium falciparum — which causes the most lethal form of human malaria — is becoming resistant to the first-choice drug, DHA-piperaquine, in parts of Southeast Asia, with patients seeing a failure rate of percent or more.
The report says urgent action is now needed to eliminate falciparum malaria from the region — otherwise the resistant strains of the parasite could further spread to other parts of Asia and Africa, potentially causing global health emergency.
Since 2014, global progress against malaria has stalled.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is urging nations to implement a series of cost-effective, anti-tobacco measures it says will help their populations quit smoking.
Only Turkey and Brazil have implemented all of WHO's recommended anti-tobacco measures. These include graphic images on cigarette packages warning of the dangers of smoking, banning tobacco advertising and promotion, and raising taxes on tobacco products.
LightSail is the latest demonstration of solar sail technology, which uses the gentle pressure of photons — the particles of light — on a lightweight, reflective surface to propel a craft through space, similar to the way the wind pushes a sailing ship across the ocean.
Instead of canvas, solar sails are made of thin sheets of Mylar, the same crinkly silver material often used for helium-filled balloons.
Although the pressure of the sun's rays is no greater than the weight of a paperclip dropping on the sail, sunlight is a constant source of energy.
Scientists expect that as long as sunlight reaches them, solar sails will keep accelerating to much higher speeds than what is provided by traditional propulsion methods using chemical or nuclear fuel.
By tracking the location of the spacecraft, the team found that it had traveled 1.kilometers farther from Earth in just four days thanks to the gentle influence of sunlight.
This is the first time solar propulsion has been successfully demonstrated in Earth's orbit.
In 2010, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency launched a spacecraft called IKAROS, which used a solar sail to propel it past Venus and into orbit around the Sun.
Australian researchers are looking to Africa and the Middle East for drought- and heat-resistant crops as many grain farmers face another failed season.
Regrettably, mass shootings of children now occur so frequently in United States schools that some parents are buying so-called bulletproof backpacks for their children. While the backpacks can stop a bullet fired from a handgun, they are ineffective against semi-automatic rifles, which ruthless shooters can easily purchase in that country.
What new technologies are needed for future space missions?
Alan Shepard became the first American in space in the summer of 1961.
You make a very convincing argument.
Despite the huge amount of evidence, the dust and rock samples, the television footage, and the hundreds of thousands of people who made it happen, polls show as many as 6% of Americans believe the Apollo astronauts never landed on the moon.
But those who insist the U.S. did not put astronauts on the moon have claimed their own "evidence" to a faked landing. They question why the flag astronaut Neil Armstrong planted on the moon could not possibly be rippling, because there is no air on the moon. In reality, the astronauts bent the metal frame holding the flag, causing the ripples.
The conspiracy minded claim photos the astronauts took on the moon do not show any stars in the background. In reality, the cameras were unable to capture the faint light emitted by stars,
If the moon landing was real, they ask, why didn't the lander scatter dust when it touched down? In reality, the lander was traveling horizontally much of the time and the thrusters that controlled its landing were not pointed down. Radiation from the sun also made the dust highly charged and it clung to the moon’s surface.
When one conspiracy theorist challenged Buzz Aldrin and called him a liar, Aldrin punched him in the face.
Scientists noticed a trend that correlates with the rise of technology in society. As digital devices became more prevalent, people got fatter.
Obesity around the world has tripled since 1975, according to the World Health Organization.
Rice University post doctoral fellow Richard Lopez wondered if there is a link between weight gain and the mindless multitasking on various digital devices.
Tom admitted that he had made a mistake.
I just don't feel that way about her.
I just don't feel that way about him.
The party was winding down.
What's the good of it?
Can't you see what state I am in?
I miss hugging you.
It looks like the party is winding down.
Are you sure this is a shortcut?
Could you repeat that last part?
Tom was too polite to say anything.
Everyone was too polite to say anything.
The places I go to won't appeal to you.
Pindorama, which means "land of parrots" in the Tupi language, was the first name for Brazil.
Tom doesn't need to explain anything.
I want to say yes, but I can't.
Tom dreamed of becoming an astronaut.
Tom got caught using a fake passport.
I want to take a picture of it.
Tom has been disowned by his parents.
Why isn't my name on the list?
Tom has done something really stupid.
I want to travel around Europe.
Tom hasn't done that since last week.
You're doing everything right.
Tom is able to buy anything he wants.
I want to work as a translator.
Tom is getting ready to go to Boston.
You've really helped us a lot.
Tom is going to retire the year after next.
I want you to be there tonight.
Tom is his father's business partner.
Neither of us knows what to do.
Tom is in Australia, visiting family.
I want you to wait for a while.
Tom is waiting in the check-out line.
None of these guitars are mine.
Tom lied about where he was that day.
I drank way too much last night.
Playing the bassoon isn't easy.
Tom quit his job and moved to Boston.
Cow's milk is better tasting than soy milk.
I enlarged the photos.
Algeria is a fully sovereign state.
Algeria was a French colony up until 1962.
Algeria doesn't have overseas territories.
Algeria doesn't have exclaves.
Algeria is a member of the United Nations.
Algeria is a North African nation.
Algeria has borders with Mali.
Algeria is a Muslim-majority nation.
Algeria is an internationally recognized fully sovereign nation.
Algeria is culturally close to Morocco and Tunisia.
All of Algeria's islands are uninhabited.
Algeria is smaller than the United States.
Algeria is bigger than Texas.
Algeria is north of the equator.
Algeria is in the northern hemisphere.
Algeria isn't a landlocked country.
Most of Algeria's population is Muslim.
Algeria has many airports.
The Algiers airport has dozens of destinations.
Algeria doesn't have many high-rise buildings.
Algeria became independent from France in 1962.
Algeria has full sovereignty over Tindouf.
Algeria is close friends with Cuba.
Algeria is good political friends with Venezuela.
Algeria borders Libya.
Algeria's primary languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria is a progressive nation.
Algeria has many women in its parliament.
Algeria has never changed its flag.
Algeria shares a border with Niger.
Kabylie is one of Algeria's most visited regions.
Algeria's currency is the dinar which is also the name of Macedonia's currency.
Algeria has a big expatriated population.
Algeria borders both Morocco and Tunisia.
Algeria is an enormous country.
70% of Algeria's lawyers are female.
Algeria is much less touristy than Morocco.
Houses are very expensive in Algeria.
Northern Algeria is green.
Algeria is home to the Tahat Mount in the Sahara.
Algeria is an African Union member.
Algeria is recognized by the UN as an independent state.
Algeria is a stable country.
Algeria is named after its capital city, Algiers.
Algeria has a cool flag.
From Algeria, you can fly to places like France and Spain.
Algeria is an Interpol member country.
Algeria borders Western Sahara.
Algeria uses the metric system.
Algeria has no glaciers.
Algeria speaks Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's official and primary languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria's native languages are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria, where Arabic and Berber are the primary languages, is located in North Africa.
Algeria has an embassy in Washington.
Algeria has a Mediterranean coastline.
Algeria has an embassy in Ottawa.
Algeria is facing a difficult political situation.
Algeria is a member of the UN.
Algeria is a member of the African Union.
Algeria supports the Palestinian cause.
Algeria is larger than Tunisia.
China needs oil and Algeria has it.
China needs oil and Algeria has lots of it.
Algeria is close friends with the People's Republic of China.
Algeria needs to invest enough in the oil sector to maintain good oil production levels.
Algeria owns many oil and gas refineries.
Russia is Algeria's number one supplier of weapons.
Algeria has huge energy reserves.
Not all atrocities were punished.
Not all atrocities are punished.
Rate of suffering experienced on this planet is enormous.
Most Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century CE.
Most Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century AD.
Muslims are not tolerant.
Berbers are overwhelmingly Muslim.
Kabyles are of course overwhelmingly Muslim.
There are small Christian minorities in Algeria.
Muslims who are tolerant are no longer Muslims because they no longer apply the precepts of Islam that are liberticidal.
Algeria and Morocco are competing for influence in North Africa and the Sahel region.
Algeria is a modern nation.
I drank all the water from the bottle.
Most Muslims hate Jews, Christians and atheists.
A Muslim who says he loves Jews is a liar.
More than a fourth of the Algerian population speaks Berber.
Algeria is the last country in the world for justice.
Algeria teaches hatred of everything that is not Muslim and Arab.
Algeria assassinated Kamel-Eddine Fekhar.
Here in Algeria, the bulk of our ancestry is Berber.
Algeria practices genocide against Kabyle and Mozabite.
Kabyles are a Berber-speaking group.
Algeria has created Islamist terrorism of the 90s to bar the road to the laity Kabyle.
Tuaregs, a Saharan Berber-speaking group, are culturally homogeneous.
The Kabyle State protects its Kabyle citizens.
Kabyle authority protects Kabyle language and culture.
The Kabyle government is fighting for the independence of Kabylia, which is undergoing genocide by colonial Algeria.
The Kabyle people and the Kurdish people are fighting the same fight against Arab-Muslim imperialism.
They rarely every talk about the Berber language.
The Kabyle people and the Jewish people are fighting the same fight against the Arab-Islamists.
I'd like to learn more about the Berber language.
Where do Berbers come from?
In Algeria there are the Arab people and the Kabyle people.
In Algeria the Kabyle are dominated by the Arabs because of the support of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries.
All Arab countries are underdeveloped.
Berber is the historical language of all Algerians.
Berber is being revived in various areas of North Africa.
Kabyles speak Berber.
Kabyles speak a variety of Berber.
Kabyles speak a dialect of Berber.
All Arab countries do not respect any human rights.
Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century.
Algeria is an artificial country created by France.
Fascists like Noureddine Khettal and Naima Salhi want to wipe Berbers off the face of the Earth.
Berbers are native to North Africa.
Berbers are genetically related to Egyptians.
Berber belongs to the Afroasiatic family.
He wrote a love poem.
Berber and Egyptian are Afroasiatic languages.
Berber and Egyptian are both Afroasiatic languages.
The first generation of robots appeared in 1962.
Many Algerians identify as ethnically Berber rather than Arabic.
Many Algerians don't consider themselves Arab.
Tom refused to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom did not want to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't want to admit that he had made a mistake.
Algeria is part of North Africa.
The letter he wrote is long.
Algeria is officially called the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
Algerians aren't Middle Eastern Arabs.
What are the genetic origins of Berbers?
Berbers are native to the North African region.
As wars and murders show, bestiality is a typical feature of the human race.
Tom had a big smirk on his face.
Tom smiled smugly.
I hate this place!
The doctor put on his scrubs.
The surgeon put on his scrubs.
Tom got kicked out of his parents' house.
Tom always crosses his t's.
Tom always crosses his t's and dots his i's.
Don't forget to say please.
My father is Algerian while my mom is Greek.
Tom tore his pants.
Tom ripped his pants.
Berbers don't descend from Arabs.
The brambles cut at Tom's pants.
The brambles tore Tom's trousers.
Tom ran through the brambles.
Tom's face was smeared with dirt.
The population of North Africa is predominantly Berber.
Berbers are predominantly Caucasian.
Tom is not a coffee drinker.
Tom is not a tea drinker.
Tom is a tea drinker.
We are of Berber origin.
Many Canarians are of Berber origin.
Many Maltese lived in Algeria while it was under French occupation.
The Maltese language is very similar to North African Arabic.
Don't forget to say "please" and "thank you."
Tom ruffled his son's hair.
Tom ruffled his daughter's hair.
Tom was roughed up by ruffians.
The DJ is DJing.
Tom's boss was really angry.
Sensational pictures! Do you create these photomontages yourself?
Tom is boorish and unpleasant.
Tom's wife was really angry.
Mary tore her skirt on the brambles.
Everyone is looking for you!
Everyone is looking for you.
Everyone was looking for you.
Where were you? Everyone was looking for you.
Where were you? Everyone is looking for you.
Everyone was looking for Tom.
Preheat the oven to °C.
Numidians were Berbers.
Our native tongue is Berber.
The vast majority of Berbers are Muslim.
Algiers is located in northern Algeria.
She says it's incredibly difficult for her to learn Berber.
She's learning Berber with relative ease.
The constant heat is exhausting.
I wonder when it will get colder.
It seems that climate has changed.
Kabyle, Shawi and Riffian are all mutually intelligible Berber dialects.
Kabyle, Shawi and Riffian are all mutually intelligible Berber variants.
Mankind digs its own grave by its approach.
He was born to Algerian parents.
Oleg is older than his seven siblings.
We were home all weekend, and not once did the phone ring.
He was born of an Algerian father and a Russian mother.
Write it down so you don't forget.
Write it down so you won't forget.
Mankind is a master at destroying.
I appreciate your candour.
Tom got a lot of questions from the students.
Tom tried his best to pull himself together.
What's going on in Libya is a confusing mess.
Ask before you borrow your sister's clothes.
Please ask me before you borrow my clothes.
Ask me before you borrow my clothes.
Mary's sister borrowed her clothes without asking.
Just sit and look out the window.
Just sit here and look out the window.
You're like the big sister I never had.
You're like the big brother I never had.
Methane is a greenhouse gas.
I thought that it was totally normal.
I thought it was totally normal at the time.
Tom thought it was totally normal.
This is normal where I come from.
This is normal in my country.
Algeria and Morocco have frosty relations.
Algeria and France have a close cooperation.
Algeria is a non-aligned state.
Don't play with your food.
This is completely normal where I come from.
How did you feel when Tom said that?
How did you feel when Mary said that?
How did you feel when he said that?
How did you feel when she said that?
Don't bite your fingernails.
Tom gave Mary some last minute instructions.
Tom's mother gave him some last minute instructions.
Tom thought that it was totally normal.
I thought that it was totally normal at the time.
I'll understand if you say no.
I know this is a lot to ask.
Karol Pazúr is a Slovakian war criminal.
The files that you are downloading from this website may contain malware.
My name is Mennad.
This incident happened almost six years ago.
Mennad was in his room, playing games.
Mennad was alone at his house.
Mennad wanted to do something outside for a change.
Let's go crazy.
Mennad sat at home and played games.
Mennad went outside.
Mennad was looking through his dad's telescope.
Mennad isn't allowed in his father's study.
Mennad took his telescope outside.
Mennad's dad is going to kill him if something happens to his telescope.
Mennad needs to be very careful with his father's telescope.
Mennad lost the tripod of his telescope.
Mennad set up the telescope and pointed it at the moon.
Mennad snatched the binoculars from Baya.
Mennad pushed Baya aside.
Mennad regretted not bringing his telescope that night.
Mennad broke Baya's telescope.
Mennad went to a church.
Mennad lives near the church.
Mennad started sprinting down the hill.
Mennad broke his father's telescope.
Mennad damaged Baya's telescope.
Mennad got to the bottom of the hill.
Mennad destroyed Baya's telescope.
Mennad bought this telescope dollars.
Mennad is buried in an unmarked grave.
Mennad went to the cemetery.
Mennad got lost in the woods.
Mennad is here with Baya.
Mennad bought Baya a new telescope.
Mennad wanted to explore an old graveyard.
Mennad rolled his eyes and left.
Mennad was standing alone in the dark.
Mennad was searching for Baya.
Mennad heard Baya scream.
Mennad was struggling to catch his breath.
Mennad thought something happened.
Mennad's attention went back to Baya.
Mennad took a permanent marker out of his pocket and wrote his name on the wall.
Mennad scribbled his name on the board.
Mennad didn't know what to tell Baya.
Mennad left the telescope outside.
Mennad left the telescope outside in the rain.
Mennad was exhausted by the time he reached home and went straight to bed.
Mennad went straight to bed.
Mennad was exhausted.
Mennad is exhausted.
Mennad wants to go straight to bed.
Mennad knocked on the glass.
Mennad was knocking on the glass.
Mennad couldn't sleep that night.
Mennad was watching the news.
Mennad heard a loud scream.
Mennad turned on the light.
Mennad looked all spooked.
Mennad was all sweaty.
Mennad was sure that was one of Baya's pranks.
Mennad is a prankster.
Mennad couldn't do that to himself.
Mennad needs to remove this marker stains.
Mennad went back to the graveyard.
Mennad paid his respects to the dead soldiers.
Nothing weird happened to Mennad.
I hope you all enjoyed Mennad's story.
Everything is good now.
Mennad is a loyal and absolutely amazing friend.
You can watch this video in Arabic.
Mennad was a young man at the time.
Mennad was a senior in high school.
Mennad celebrated his graduation from high school.
Mennad wasn't sure this was going to happen.
Mennad ended up graduated sixth in our class.
Mennad doesn't own a car.
Mennad gave his son a brand new convertible Mercedes.
Mennad stood silent for a moment.
Mennad and Baya are going to go off to two different colleges.
Mennad was so excited he could barely say thank you.
Mennad will go on the trip.
Mennad gave Baya six hundred dollars.
Mennad didn't have a dime.
Mennad gave Baya an expensive graduation present.
Mennad wanted to get to Cairo as fast as possible.
Mennad got pulled over for speeding.
Mennad managed to make it to Cairo in less than six hours.
Mennad slept five or six hours.
Mennad felt as if he had been awake for a year.
Mennad was dead broke.
Mennad had much fun in Cairo.
Mennad managed to ruin all that fun with that dumb action.
Mennad needs at least a weak to recuperate from that trip.
Mennad began jogging toward Baya's car.
Mennad was concerned.
Mennad and Baya are probably still friends today.
Mennad pulled to a gas station.
Mennad was on his way out.
Mennad was sixty yards away from the parking lot.
Mennad continued to watch.
Mennad was driving so slow.
Mennad continued to mess with Baya.
Mennad was yelling in the direction of the police car.
Mennad was definitely angry.
The look on Mennad's face completely changed when he saw Baya pulling a gun out of her purse.
It's not funny to antagonize Mennad.
Mennad was antagonizing a crazy guy.
Mennad doesn't have anything to do with Baya's ex.
Mennad was mad.
Mennad didn't want to get Baya involved.
Mennad made a few attempts to patch things up with Baya.
Mennad may never tell Baya the type of person he truly is.
Mennad and Baya have been friends for many years.
Mennad learned from this and has become a better man.
Mennad learned from this.
Mennad learned a lot from this.
Mennad is a restless soul.
Mennad has moved at least six times since 2006.
Mennad hates TV.
Mennad is stuck in a small town in the middle of nowhere.
Mennad has been living in the capital for over six years.
Tom joined the band.
Mennad has been living in Cairo for over six years.
Mennad is my current roommate.
Mennad kicked his roommate out.
Mennad moved back to his hometown.
Mennad lives with his parents.
Mennad needs to have a roof over his head.
The drive would take Mennad six and a half hours.
Mennad needs to say goodbye to a few people.
Mennad wants to travel before he gets too old.
Mennad wants to visit Egypt before he gets too old.
Mennad wants to see Baya again.
Traveling with Mennad is agonizingly boring.
Mennad came out of the bathroom refreshed.
Mennad spent his whole life in a big city.
Tom gave me a warm hug.
Tom gave Mary a warm hug.
Mennad was driving a Ford Focus.
Mennad had to make a quick decision.
Mennad was doing sixty miles an hour.
Mennad was driving a truck.
Mennad won't make it.
Tom climbed back on his horse.
Mennad's jaw dropped in his lap.
Mennad's jaw dropped.
Mennad should go back.
Mennad can't help anyone.
Mennad wasn't moving.
Mennad was happy to see Baya.
Mennad was over the moon to see Baya again.
Mennad didn't tell anyone other than his wife.
Mennad needs to know what happened.
Mennad didn't stop to help.
Mennad was still a kid.
Why is Tom in jail?
Mennad isn't mature enough to handle a situation like that.
The privacy settings on your smartphone allow this application to track your whereabouts.
In his youth, Mennad was not a good person.
Mennad grew up in a rough neighborhood.
Mennad thinks the same way.
Mennad exploited Baya's low sense of confidence.
Mennad spent a large amount of time in a jail.
Mennad was a violent offender.
Mennad heard Baya's sick story.
Mennad was moved from the local county jail to a federal prison.
Mennad isn't a friend.
Mennad is not a friend.
Mennad introduced himself.
Mennad introduced himself and Baya just nodded her head.
Mennad was locked down.
Mennad stabbed an inmate.
Mennad focused on his book.
Mennad was my cellmate.
Mennad forgot Baya's last name.
The cop wanted to see Mennad's papers.
Mennad is a pedophile.
Mennad killed his cellmate because he was told he was a pedo.
Mennad stangled his cellmate because he was told he was a pedophile.
Mennad stabbed his cellmate because he was told he was a child molester.
Mennad's mother kicked him out of her apartment.
Mennad has to help Baya out.
Mennad was only sixteen at the time.
Mennad began unzipping his jeans.
Mennad didn't believe me.
Mennad pulled the truck to the side of the road.
Mennad took Baya's place behind the wheel.
Mennad's body fell around sixty feet.
Mennad drove the truck the rest of the way.
Mennad has a nice little truck.
Mennad has a nice cellmate.
Mennad could end up dead.
Mennad heard Baya's story.
Mennad has never repeated this story until today.
Mennad is a psychopath.
Mennad often spent his summer holidays in Egypt.
Mennad visited the Grand Canyon.
Mennad spent so much time on the highways.
Mennad spent so much time driving on back roads.
Mennad wanted to change the regular routine and do something different.
Mennad loved the idea.
Mennad was much less enthusiastic.
Mennad has no idea how to ride a horse.
Mennad had no idea how to ride a camel.
Mennad is so smart he could sell ice to an Eskimo.
Mennad left Cairo at midnight.
Mennad left Cairo that morning.
Mennad got a flat tire someplace near Cairo.
Mennad got a flat tire someplace in Egypt.
Mennad realized he had a flat.
Mennad was driving on a two-lane highway in the middle of nowhere.
Mennad needs to give us some relief.
Mennad loved doing that kind of stuff.
Mennad was soon falling asleep again.
Mennad was about six feet away from the car.
Mennad began hearing his mom moaning.
Mennad realized Baya was injured.
Mennad saw the spider web.
Mennad told Baya to get out of the car.
Mennad thought Baya was sleeping.
Mennad's door was open.
Mennad kept shaking his dad but he wouldn't respond.
Mennad said an ambulance was on its way.
Mennad saw his mom holding his brother in her arms.
Mennad was dead and no matter what the doctors did, they couldn't change that.
Mennad was notified that his brother passed.
Mennad had a punctured lung.
Mennad didn't need any help.
Mennad blamed himself for Baya's death for the rest of his life.
Mennad left Baya to live with her mother.
Mennad reminded Baya of her father.
Mennad's parents have both passed away by now.
A wound will never heal if you keep poking at it.
Mennad doesn't like to talk about that.
Mennad and his brothers share the same parents.
Mennad was playing the guitar.
No matter how hard Mennad tried, he could never learn how to play the guitar.
Mennad loves this rock band.
Mennad grew up in the old Confederate states.
Mennad spent his youth in the old Confederate states.
Mennad hates the Confederate flag.
Mennad burned a confederate flag.
