I hope that you have found this Berber class useful and interesting.
I am in a hotel in Algiers.
He needs a Berber language dictionary.
He wants to improve his Berber vocabulary.
If you want to improve your Berber vocabulary, the best way is reading.
If you want to improve your fluency in Berber, the best way is practice.
There are some Berber words that I don't know.
He started reading and found some Berber words that he didn't know.
This is the key to learning Berber vocabulary.
Reading is the key to learning Berber vocabulary.
He teaches Berber vocabulary.
He teaches Berber conjugation.
He needs to expand his Berber vocabulary.
He really needs to expand his Berber vocabulary.
Do you speak Berber perfectly?
He speaks Berber perfectly.
He speaks Berber every day.
This word doesn't exist in Berber.
I'm not saying this is the best way to learn Berber.
Don't focus so much on Berber grammar.
What's the fastest way to learn Berber?
It's not easy to learn Berber.
He taught her how to swear in Berber.
Can you swear in Berber?
This is a Berber swear word.
This is a taboo word in Berber.
Who said Berber is boring?
This is all you need to learn about the Berber language.
He loves teaching people Berber.
He wants to know how to communicate better in Berber.
What does this have to do with Berber?
What does this have to do with learning Berber?
This is a list of Berber adjectives.
This is a list of Berber verbs.
We have four lists of Berber adjectives.
I'd be interested in reading a book about the history of laughter.
Are you interested in learning Berber?
Is he interested in the Berber language?
Now you have to work to improve your Berber.
This word is also a noun in Berber.
Ah, can you come this way?
Ah, I hit you, sorry!
No worries, I will send you to the elevator.
Best day of my life.
I already can't find the way home.
I won't eat it unless you cooked it.
I watch her leave.
A grandmother is sending her grandson to school.
Wang, what year were you born?
Her name is Mary, she is my secretary.
I whispered to her quietly "Don't be afraid, I'm here."
I stayed in hospital for a few weeks.
Why did France invade Algeria?
Why did France colonize Algeria?
They did not force people to convert to Islam.
Forcing people to convert isn't part of Islam.
Is there freedom of religion in Algeria?
He wants to pass Islam down to his children.
They remained Muslim.
We all believe that Islam is the truth.
They were exposed to Islam.
They don't want to lose their Islamic heritage.
He decided to convert to Islam of his own free will.
Islam flourished in India.
Islam flourished in North Africa.
I'm so sure that Islam is good.
I'm so sure that Islam is a good religion.
They didn't convert to Islam because of money.
He converted to Islam for love.
Jésus is alive!
When Islamic troops came to North Africa, many Berbers were killed and others forced to slavery.
Thousands of Berber women were captured and later sold in Damascus as sex slaves when Islamic troops invaded North Africa.
Nowadays, in all the North African countries, none has the right to choose a religion except Islam.
If you adopt a religion other than Islam in North Africa, you can go to jail if you are not killed.
Islam is a civilization.
They chose to embrace Islam.
How did Islam spread?
My parents always make me do my homework before I go out.
How art thou?
How is thee?
We also used toys for purposes other than those which the designer had in mind.
Can I charge my mobile at your place?
We all know that timing is important.
Our factory was shut down.
Our factory has been shut down.
The smaller shops will probably be forced to close down.
When my four other friends and I arrived, he jumped like a grasshopper from the alley leading to his grandfather's house.
He made enough to buy a bicycle.
He made enough to buy a bike.
This bicycle is great.
His bicycle is on the floor.
How did you win?
How did you lose?
I need to borrow your bicycle.
I'll rent your bicycle from you.
He pawned his bicycle.
The bicycle is not for sale.
Where are you going with my bicycle?
Life is unfair, you know.
I don't think he's man enough to do it.
I don't think he's man enough to do that.
He hates this bicycle.
Please hold the bicycle for me.
What does he mean by that?
It's in Berber.
Berber is the only language I understand.
It doesn't matter if it's in Berber or in Arabic.
I'll help you work on your Berber homework tonight.
Did you see his bicycle?
This is my life and this is who I am.
Why did you buy this bicycle?
This bicycle is cute.
He forgot his bicycle here.
They motivated each other to learn Berber.
Peace be upon you.
Hod did you like your trip to Algeria?
He likes to squeeze in tight parking spots.
He likes to squeeze in tight parking spaces.
He borrowed Salas's car.
He borrowed Salas's bicycle.
He scratched his bicycle.
He scratched his car.
I know what happened to Salas's bicycle.
He doesn't want to take your bicycle.
I can't wait till Sunday.
Everybody in this family goes to church every Sunday.
They go to the mosque on Friday.
She loves going to the mosque.
I love going to the mosque.
I've got to go to the mosque.
She decided to go to the mosque.
See you in the mosque.
See you in church.
I see in double.
He kept going to the mosque.
He watches sports on Sunday.
All I feel is anger.
He's making a lifelong commitment to God.
He's finally embracing Islam.
Let's go back to the mosque right now.
How do I know if I'm ready to take the shahada?
I want to hear more about Islam.
We're going to the mosque tonight.
People love this imam.
He became a practicing Muslim.
He became a very strong practicing Muslim.
May God have mercy of him.
His conversion to Islam caused such an uproar in the family.
He worked extremely hard to help new Muslims.
He worked extremely hard to support Muslim converts.
When he converted to Islam, his father was very upset.
When he converted to Islam, his father was very angry.
It was because of them that he began to explore Islam more deeply.
It was because of them that he began to explore Islam.
Both of his parents are Muslims.
His life was touched by Islam.
He hasn't taken the shahada.
Islam has become known to everyone in this country.
They both want to convert to Islam.
When he converted to Islam, he took on a new identity.
He walked away from Islamic values.
He shed his Islamic identity.
She lost her employment because she announced that she converted to Islam.
She lost her job because she announced that she converted to Islam.
This organization is based here in Algeria.
What are the difficulties that new Muslims usually experience?
They showed a complete lack of understanding for Muslim converts.
Algeria is absolutely gorgeous.
I have an Arabic name but I'm not ethnically Arab.
When did you pick up the Berber language?
He studied Berber when he went to Algeria.
They teach you Berber before they admit you into the college program.
He has already started teaching himself Berber.
He has already started learning Berber.
He began translating the Quran into Berber.
He begged them to teach him Berber.
He learned basic Berber.
He finished his Berber language program in one year.
He studied Berber morphology.
He needed a Berber language immersion course.
You're in Algeria. Use the opportunity and learn Arabic and Berber.
What were you doing in Algeria?
He had an inclination to do Berber linguistics.
Berber is precious to me.
He got an A on the Berber exam.
He studied for the Berber language exam.
He teaches Berber sometimes.
He's not qualified to teach the Quran.
He likes Berber more than English.
Excuse my Berber.
I don't want to live a mediocre life.
He wants more out of life.
He doesn't understand life.
When he converted to Islam, his lifestyle and habits changed.
When he converted to Islam, his lifestyle changed.
When he converted to Islam, his habits changed.
He wants to know the purpose of life.
He wanted to know Islam.
He wanted to study Islam.
He became a Berber teacher before he graduated from college.
He used to be a Berber teacher.
He's no longer a Berber teacher.
I made a few mistakes in life.
What exactly are you doing in Algeria?
She has never been to Algeria.
The beauty of Algeria is well known.
He spent some days in Algeria.
The history of Algeria is amazing.
Islam is a religion that Algerians should cherish and be proud of instead of turning away from.
He cried when he took his shahada.
Before he embraced Islam, he was hopelessly lost.
God cares about you.
Open your soul.
Pray to God.
Pray to Him.
When he converted to Islam, he found dignity.
When he converted to Islam, he found self-worth.
She comes from Kabylie, Algeria.
He's currently learning Berber.
He's currently studying Berber.
Everyone is an Algerian here.
They were both raised Muslim.
His mother taught him how to pray.
He always prayed to God.
He said his prayers.
The imam was our role model.
He ran out of the mosque.
They were cussing at each other.
This is what I'm gonna do with my life.
He injured his shoulder.
That season, he injured his knee.
He can still study Berber in his spare time.
They had a really nice Berber language program.
They're getting further and further away from Islam.
He was taking Berber classes.
He said blasphemous things about Islam.
He said blasphemous things that negated Islamic beliefs.
They don't even want to talk about Islam.
He thought about life.
He downloaded audiobooks about Islam.
He was taking a Berber class.
He was taking a Berber class in college.
The Quran is the exact word of God.
She was ready to be a Muslim.
He believed that there was a God.
He continued studying Islam.
He was trying to study the Quran.
He never really considered studying Islam.
He never really considered converting to Islam.
He never studied the Quran.
He didn't personally know any Muslims.
A Muslim student approached me and talked to me about Islam.
She never read the Quran.
Islam isn't this terrorist religion Fox News talks about.
Muhammad Ali was a Muslim and he was an American hero.
He immediately started reading the Quran.
He spent all those years reading different books about Islam.
What does the Quran say about Adam?
What does the Quran say about Abraham?
This is confirmed by the Quran.
God exists. It's as clear as day.
He was a Muslim.
If you read the Quran, you'll see it's clearly the word of God.
He gave dawah.
He invited other people to Islam.
This app’s privacy policy is over thirty pages long!
He was calling friends and family to Islam.
The Quran is from the Creator.
He started meeting Muslims.
There are mosques all over Kabylie.
He started to publicly announce that he is Muslim.
He wants to learn about the Quran.
He spent the first four years learning Berber.
Soon I'll be returning back to Algeria.
He doesn't know about Islam.
How did he come to Islam?
He found himself in Algiers.
They both grew up as Muslims.
He was embarrassed to tell her the didn't know anything about Islam.
He was a little bit embarrassed to tell her he didn't know anything about Islam.
At the time, he didn't know anything about Islam.
What are the basic tenets of Islam?
God is the creator and sustainer of the universe.
Let's talk about the misconceptions Westerners have about Islam.
He embraced Islam quite quickly.
He went back to Algeria to live with his mom.
My house is located right across the street.
My house is located just across the street.
My house is right across the street.
The Quran is their holy book.
The Quran is a divine revelation.
How do Muslims view Jews?
Jews and Christians are called in the Quran "People of the Book."
He spent many, many years studying the Quran.
He spent many years studying the Quran.
As a Muslim, I'm trying to practice my faith and be a good citizen.
ISIS terrorists have committed horrible acts in the name of Islam.
He didn't know much about Islam.
ISIS terrorists aren't following Islam at all.
When he converted to Islam, he was disowned by his parents.
He spent some time in an Algerian prison.
He shares his time between his apartment in Istanbul and his house in Algiers.
He never told them he was Algerian.
I love my headscarf.
I love my Islamic headscarf.
Let's talk about sharia law.
How do you define sharia law?
What's sharia law?
What's sharia?
Do you want sharia to be implemented in your country?
When a Muslim woman gets married, she retains her family name.
You cannot cover a house with a single tile.
She has to wear hijab.
What does the word "sharia" mean?
Is sharia law repressive?
Should a Muslim woman be beaten if she doesn't cover up?
Should a Muslim woman be beaten if she doesn't cover her head?
Drinking alcohol if forbidden in Islam.
Eating pork is forbidden in Islam.
Having sex out of wedlock is forbidden in Islam.
Muslims believe in the hereafter.
As a Muslim, I believe in the hereafter.
We have learned so much about Islam.
What does the Quran say about homosexuality?
What does Islam say about homosexuality?
He talks about Islam a lot.
He was savagely killed by ISIS.
There are more Palestinians in Jordan than Jordanians.
This is the last day of Ramadan.
They were born Muslim.
He was savagely killed by Daesh.
He accepted Islam as his religion.
Two mountains and a long plain are between us, my friend, sings Cherifa.
God is talking to us through the Quran.
After he converted to Islam, he started looking at the world differently.
He felt ashamed of not doing that.
The woman was Algerian and her husband was Turkish.
He never met a Muslim his entire life.
He left Algiers to move to Skikda.
All praise is due to God.
He gives lectures about Islam.
He gives powerful lectures about Islam.
Berlin is Germany's capital city.
India's capital city is New Delhi.
The festival works to highlight not only music, but also graffiti, DJing and dance.
This year, dance was the main element highlighted, with professional dancers holding workshops, and dancers battling each other to the crowd's cheers.
Cameroonian professional dancer Ornela Tchinjo has been a fan of hip-hop since she was a child.
Two new studies suggest that college graduates entering the U.S. job market might not work in the field they studied. They also might change jobs and careers more often than earlier generations, presenting challenges and difficulties in an economy that is experiencing disruption.
The study, released last month, found that many graduates started out in the field they studied in college. But by their third job, many were working in an unrelated field.
As technology changes, the skills a person possesses upon graduating often become outdated.
I need help to upgrade my device’s operating system to protect myself from the latest cyber-threats.
Employers have more skilled workers to choose from than ever before, meaning almost anyone can be replaced.
Okahana and Koc agree that in the past, the job outcomes for those with a doctoral degree, or Ph.D., were much clearer.
Ph.Ds require an intense level of expertise — so much expertise that most Ph.D holders once were almost guaranteed jobs as university professors or researchers.
Few Ph.D. holders who graduated years ago changed jobs recently, and most found their current jobs within three years of graduating.
This wasn't true for Ph.D. holders who graduated eight years ago, and even less likely for those who graduated in the past three years. Also, the majority of career moves for these two groups were away from higher education and into business, government and nonprofit industries.
Okahana, Koc and Coffey all said colleges and universities must support students in growth and change.
Colleges should urge students to take classes outside their field of study and seek out work experience in areas of interest to them.
Employers should look to fill positions with individuals who might not have studied the subjects normally expected for those jobs.
Tom ate a bagel.
Tom said he didn't mean to be rude.
Tom didn't deny anything.
I wanted to get married.
Tom did what Mary said that he should do.
I wanted to find my son.
If you want to be fluent in French, you'll need to study much harder than you have been.
We stared at Tom in silence, expecting him to speak.
Don't you believe it?
It's rather odd.
It made me shudder.
It gave me strength.
It was a close race.
It wasn't too soon.
It's all right now.
It would be a mistake to do it that way.
It's too long a story to tell you right now.
It took me three years to build my house.
I did take a French class, but I still can't understand French very well.
I know a lot of French words, but I can't really speak French.
Tom entered the building through an unlocked window.
Tom left his phone at school.
Tom found a phone in the classroom after everybody else had left.
Tom found a phone in the classroom after everyone else had left.
I wanted to go by train.
Tom didn't drink the juice Mary gave him.
Tom didn't drink the juice that Mary gave him.
I wanted to lose weight.
Tom disobeyed his father.
I like the States very much.
Do you like Brazil?
I hardly believed it myself.
Tom wants to learn to speak French fluently.
Most people need more love than they deserve.
Children need more sleep than adults.
Children need more sleep than adults do.
Tom and Mary grew up in a poor neighborhood in Boston.
His expression darkened.
At your age, I knew Virgil and company by heart.
Tom decided it wasn't really necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
Learning enough French to get by wasn't all that difficult.
Never come back here again.
Don't come back here again.
He was very angry about that.
I wish we were doing the same thing that Tom is doing.
Tom is the one who told me Mary didn't like him.
Tom is the one who told me that Mary didn't like him.
Tom seems to turn into a different person when he speaks French.
Tom's explanation may be absolutely wrong.
My arms ached.
My plan was to go as far as possible that day and find somewhere to camp, and then continue hiking the next day.
Tom put down his glass.
Tom seemed to have fainted.
It looks like Tom has fainted.
I regret that I'm going away.
I suggest that we discuss politics.
I can't decide what to do next.
Tom and his friends were speaking to each other in French.
I realize I should've been more careful.
I realize that I should've been more careful.
I paid three dollars for that book.
I paid three dollars for this book.
the victory was a signal for wild celebration
a decision making method that Cabinet adopts in which an agenda is circulated among members in order to obtain their consent instead of convening a Cabinet meeting
The elders say: the guest of a day is welcome; the one of two days weighs; he who insinuates more than that, do make him understand that.
The elders say: a guest for a day is welcome; a guest for two days is a burden; one who stays for longer than that must be made to understand that he is an imposition.
Watch your foot.
A few cars derailed.
a computer device that prints out information
Does it mean that if specific problems arise by then, such as deposits being shifted from so-called regional financial institutions on a massive scale you would not rule out the possibility of lowering the ceiling, for example, from million yen to million yen?
Located within each stall business, is an independently attached propane gas tank.
He's always breaking his promises on one pretext or another.
an economic condition in which an economic recession and inflation coexist
Are we going to stay on the island?
Do you speak Ladino?
Please weigh it again.
Do you speak Judeo-Spanish?
The mountains are covered with snow.
She wasn't listening to Tom.
She didn't listen to Tom.
You're sweaty.
The meter is broken.
The parking meter is broken.
Corporate bankruptcies transitioned to a high level last month.
You need a photo.
They need a photo.
Who's going to cover the costs?
I like to ride my bike.
I like to ride my bicycle.
I'd like a loaf of white bread.
The rōnin attained their long-cherished ambition.
Don't be shy!
Hey, is it 120?
Run in here.
Why would there be?
Don't try to escape!
Stop right there!
It's you again.
Who will it be?
Thanks, great!
Help us do it.
Walk over a little!
Their car is two years old.
Your car is two years old.
I think someone's knocking on the door.
Mary threw Tom's letter in the bin.
I bought it for my mother.
I bought it for my brother.
I bought it for my sister.
I bought it for my father.
As of late, Mary has been playing the viola da gamba – an old string instrument, with whose sound she has fallen in love.
It's snowed a bit.
It has snowed a bit.
It has snowed a little.
It snowed a bit.
It snowed a little.
Cloudy weather with bright spells is expected.
"What's it like out there today?" "Nice."
The cool evening air was filled with the fresh smell of the sea.
Bulgarian is a lot like Russian.
Algeria was badly managed by a bunch of corrupt politicians.
He had mixed ancestry: Algerian, Turkish, and Italian.
She likes all kinds of weather.
He put the book aside.
Algeria wants to boost tourism.
The window looks out on the courtyard.
Ouyahia's government was a government of thieves.
The Algerian government was too corrupt to be effective.
He is of Berber origin.
Where are Algeria's embezzled funds?
How to learn Berber in one year?
What did you do to learn Berber?
He decided to learn Berber?
Berber, from what I understand, is an extremely difficult language.
Berber, from what I hear, is an extremely difficult language.
The books were taken out of the mosque.
He worked at a regional newspaper in Algeria.
They traveled together in through Algeria.
He was excited to be working in Algeria.
Algeria was very dangerous in the 1990s.
It was very dangerous here in Algeria back in the 1990s.
In the 1990s, Algiers was a very volatile place.
Back in the 1990s, Algeria was incredibly unstable.
In the 1990s, Algiers was so unstable.
He wanted to transfer some money to Algeria.
The car was flashing its lights.
The vehicle was flashing its lights.
Bush wanted a crusade against Islam.
Being kidnapped in Somalia is a horrible thing.
He was interested in Islam.
They were interested in Islam.
I've read the Quran.
I have read the Quran.
He has been reading the Quran for about four days.
Now you're my brother in Islam.
We are Muslim.
We are Muslims.
His maternal language is Berber.
His mother tongue is Berber.
His native language is Berber.
His native tongue is Berber.
His first language is Berber.
His strongest language is Berber.
He couldn't do anything to stop her from converting to Islam.
He converted to Islam in early April.
This is the minaret of the mosque.
This is the mosque.
The table is spread with all kinds of fruit.
Did the imam actually say that?
The soldiers took him out of the mosque and executed him.
They interlocked hands.
I met him in Algiers.
It's cheapest if you take the bus.
We were talking about the beauty of Algeria.
We'll talk about it at the mosque.
She couldn't keep a straight face.
The imam came.
They're going to the mosque.
"Is this a mosque?" "Yes."
I saw him with a Quran.
An axis is an imaginary straight line around which a celestial body rotates.
That tastes moreish.
That's moreish.
Hello – are you still there?
How was your interview?
She had to discuss something with him.
His eyes are bigger than his stomach.
It rained for five days.
She's in the habit of keeping old letters.
The vending machine sometimes doesn't work properly.
He took the book from the shelf.
We're in a Muslim country.
We live in a Muslim country.
It's going to get cold.
He's blind in his left eye.
He lost sight in his left eye.
He dreamed of running his nightclub in Algeria.
She wanted to start a new life in Algeria.
His favorite resort is on a beautiful Algerian coast.
They say that Algeria is a country with plenty of red tape.
They're from Algeria.
Algeria was the place of my dreams.
He has lived in Algeria for years.
That's hard to take for an Algerian.
According to Judaism, life begins at birth and not at conception.
The mosque was steaming hot.
Islam is a complete way of life.
He hated going to church.
Like most kids, he hated going to church.
He gave up on Christianity.
He believed in God but he didn't have any religion.
He was ready to fight for Islam.
He doesn't know what Islam is.
I want to learn more about Islam.
They both want to learn more about Islam.
He's a former imam.
Do you know the imam of this mosque?
Who's the imam of this mosque?
God guided him to Islam.
He's not a Muslim yet.
He was raised to be a Muslim.
He hated to go to the mosque.
His father dragged him to the mosque every Friday.
Tell us about your perception about Islam.
What do you believe about Islam?
What do you believe about Muslims?
What do you think about Muslims?
What do you think about Islam?
He was taught to fear Islam.
He was taught to fear Muslims.
He had no Muslim friends.
He has a completely different perspective on what Islam is.
He's an honest Muslim.
He practiced the teachings of Islam.
He didn't want to hear about Islam.
There are so many misconceptions about Islam.
They wrote crazy things about Islam.
They want to understand Islam.
Islam is not a dangerous disease.
Be a good Muslim.
Be a truthful Muslim.
He's a truthful Muslim.
Show them what Islam is.
He has a Muslim neighbor.
He has a Muslim co-worker.
He has a Muslim friend.
He has a Muslim brother.
He has a Muslim cousin.
My son is a Muslim.
How was your relationship with your parents before and after you converted to Islam?
I was removing fleas from the dog when he barked at me.
He knew very little about Algeria.
His Berber is very good.
His Berber is very, very good.
He decided to leave Algeria.
Now he's fluent in Berber.
I saw the name "Algeria" on that panel.
He's going to be extradited to Algeria.
He crossed the Algerian border.
He was wanted in Algeria on embezzling charges.
He was found guilty by an Algerian court.
Each country is in the image of its inhabitants.
She wants to be alone.
She'll always be alone.
Do you like London?
London is an interesting place.
There's a man at the door who wants to speak with you.
Anza is the moaning that some people hear at night, in houses where people have been slaughtered or have suffered a violent death.
Tom turned the alarm off.
I wanted to pay in cash.
Tom is convinced Mary stole his clarinet.
I wanted to make a deal.
Has your new novel already been translated into French?
Tom is convinced that Mary stole his clarinet.
The mountains are tall.
We'll talk about that in class tomorrow.
We have a pope!
Tom wants to buy a dictionary.
A poet makes poems.
I want to live in France.
I think that you're to blame.
I'd like to know what happened to you.
In Cameroon’s port city of Douala, most used cooking oil from hotels and restaurants was once dumped down the drain, where it fouled up plumbing systems and caused pollution.
Cameroonian chemist Martial Gervais Oden-Bella makes soap and detergents by turning a toxic ingredient ecologically friendly.
Oden-Bella began collecting used cooking oil in to convert into cleaning products. It's now a business that produces kilograms of soap and two tons of liquid detergent per month.
Even small businesses like donut maker Adeline Monkam have joined in recycling their oil. She says in the past she used to dump the used oil. But people told her that it's polluting the environment, says Monkam, and that she can recycle it. So, she doesn’t dump it out anymore.
Water and climate experts from across Asia are stressing the need to work with nature, rather than against it, to save the continent's "disappearing deltas," home to some million people.
Mounting research blames a confluence of rising sea levels driven by global warming and the damming and dredging of key rivers and their tributaries for the rapid sinking and shrinking of Asia's seven major delta systems, from the Indus in Pakistan to the Pearl in China.
The experts say swelling cities are adding to the pressure by weighing down the deltas and sucking up groundwater.
The seven deltas alone host of the world's megacities, including Bangkok, where the experts are gathered this week, parts of which are sinking by centimeters a year.
There's another mistake here.
We have plenty of drinking water.
I'd like to say yes.
I appreciate your invitation, but I'm afraid that I can't come.
I appreciate your invitation, but I'm afraid I can't come.
Is it OK if I call you by your first name?
I wish that I didn't have to tell you this.
It must be nice to be rich.
Do you want to know my secret?
It's quiet in the suburbs.
I commute to work by bicycle.
I wrote my mother a letter.
Losing the deltas will not only erase some of the world's most diverse ecosystems, but drive mass migration, deplete vital farmland and disrupt some of Asia's most dynamic business hubs.
The Pearl River Delta, which empties into the South China Sea past Hong Kong, has been dubbed the "world's workshop" for its abundance of busy factories.
In Vietnam, forecasters say million people will have to leave the Mekong River Delta, the country's rice bowl, by 2050.
"These are some of the most vulnerable places to climate change and change across river systems, but they are also the home for a number of us who live here, they are also the breadbasket of the world that feeds a number of the countries that depend on them," said Kavita Prakash-Mani, global conservation director for the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF).
"So while we are worried about numerous ecosystems around the world, we really need to be putting special attention on our delta systems and the wetlands and all the other ecosystems they support," she added.
The environmental protection group and others are pushing the idea of "building with nature," where nature is used to cope with climate change — think mangrove seeding to cushion coastal communities from floods — and development falls in step with the natural world's rhythms.
"Politics thinks only to four years, but this is years, years. How do we ask them to think for the future, for the young generation?" he said.
Not only do women already earn cents for every dollar a man makes, but they also pay more for personal products and services like razors, shampoo, haircuts and clothes.
This so-called “pink tax” follows a woman from the cradle to the grave.
The New York City DCA analyzed almost items in product categories and found that items for female consumers cost more than products for men across of those categories.
Overall, women’s products cost 7% more than similar products for men.
Women pay more than men for comparable personal care products 56% of the time.
Baby clothes for girls cost more than clothes for boys.
Girls’ shirts can cost up to 13% more than boys’ shirts.
Toys marketed to girls cost up to 11% more than toys for boys, even when it's the exact same item in different colors.
“I have no doubt that it's real,” says Surina Khan, CEO of the Women’s Foundation of California. “We just have to go to any store, and you can see that, let's say, a pink razor blade versus a blue one that men use, the pink one costs more. Haircuts cost more. Women's clothing cost more. It's definitely present and part of our reality.”
Horwitz also says the real problem is that girls and women are socialized to want the pink items.
“There is no reason why women shouldn't be able to walk into the drugstore and buy the men's razors. Right?” he says. “And if they did, and if they were clear that they didn't care, there wouldn't be a more expensive women's version.”
If you need money, then why don't you get a job?
I must get there by 2:30.
Why don't you get a job like everyone else?
The princess had never worked a day in her life.
Tom had never worked so hard in his life.
Tom worked his hands to the bone.
Why don't you get a job? Then you won't have to ask me for money all the time.
I wonder why Tom couldn't find a job.
I couldn't find a job that would pay me enough to support my family.
Why wouldn't they hire you?
Tom read a comic book.
Tom read a manga.
Tom is reading a comic book.
Tom was reading a comic book.
I smelled smoke in the elevator.
Tom knew exactly how to get what he wanted.
He knew exactly how to get what he wanted.
I hope that I'm not disturbing you.
She knew exactly how to get what she wanted.
Tom knows exactly how to get what he wants.
This paper needs to be rewritten.
I'd like to fax this to the Boston office.
Tom got a job walking dogs.
Tom got a job at a clothing store.
Tom got a job at a restaurant.
Why don't you make a budget?
Has Tom apologized to you?
I wanted to sell my car.
Tom learned from Mary that John had died.
I wanted to see results.
I'm looking for a list of high-frequency French words.
The friendship between Winston Lord, who was born to wealth and privilege, and Leslie Gelb, who was not, started when Lord’s wife and Gelb were students at Tufts University in Massachusetts. It ended in August when Gelb died.
We go back years.
He was quite a man.
While Lord was born to a wealthy family in New York City that was part of the Pillsbury flour empire, Gelb grew up in the suburbs to an immigrant family.
Lord admits that on the outset, judging from the two men’s backgrounds, one might wonder how they could become the best of friends.
“We have a saying in America: born on the third base,” Lord says of their divergent beginnings.
I was born on Park Avenue, with a silver spoon in my mouth.
His friend, meanwhile, had come from a poor immigrant family who worked at his parents’ grocery store, and as a parking attendant and a dishwasher while in college.
“I think we both did quite well, but he started out with no advantages, whereas I started out with tremendous advantages," Lord said.
Leslie Gelb watches sports on a TV with his cat Wiley.
Leslie later lost his sight in both eyes and had to settle on listening to TV sports broadcasts. He continued his passion for reading by listening to audio books.
“We both put family above every other consideration as the most important, starting with our wives,” Lord said
Then, of course, we’re both sports fans!
"He loved the Yankees. I hate the Yankees! I like the New York Mets," Lord said.
Gelb married his wife, Judith, in 1959, despite her parents’ reservations about his lackluster roots.
“I don’t want to be pompous or exaggerate, but I believe our strength is diversity, including the strengthening of our society through immigrants, the fact that people from different economic, ethnic and social backgrounds can not only live together but become, in our case, extremely close friends," he said.
“This man had every conceivable physical ailment toward the end, yet he never complained,” Lord said, sending his friend off in a note of admiration.
He was in constant pain, he couldn’t see very well, and yet he always looked at the positive side of things.
How old are Tom's parents?
I wanted to study music.
I want Tom to buy Mary a birthday present.
I wanted to sleep on it.
I didn't want to learn French, but my parents made me.
I simply don't know what to say.
If only I'd left home five minutes earlier, I would've gotten to the train station in time.
It's way too hot inside. Let's just stay here on the porch.
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would.
I don't think any woman could ever really understand how I feel.
I think that I'm a likable guy.
If I'd only known that there was a possibility that that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known there was a possibility that that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known that there was a possibility that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known there was a possibility that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
I laughed until I cried.
It must've been the day before Tom got here that I got up before dawn.
May I have these?
There are some magazines here.
How should we get home?
The place was very silent.
Tom looked at us.
Save me some of that mutton.
Save some of that mutton for me.
Most of what Tom said was untrue.
Most of what Tom said wasn't true.
The next night, I didn't sleep well.
They wanted to make sure I was going to be there.
I told Tom that I knew what had happened.
I told Tom I knew what had happened.
Tom didn't seem to hear what Mary said.
What are you going to do before lunch?
None of us quite knew what to do.
Are you sure we can do that?
Are you sure that we can do that?
Are you sure we'll be allowed to do that?
Are you sure that we'll be allowed to do that?
Tom goes to school by car.
Tom goes shopping every Monday.
Is this horse yours?
I couldn't understand Tom.
I didn't really expect you to be able to speak French.
I wanted Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I'm not sure this works.
Nobody asked us anything.
The two brothers are like two peas in a pod.
I suppose that we won't meet again.
I knew that I recognized that face.
I hope that I didn't wake you up.
I don't want everybody to know.
I just want to clarify that.
I grabbed the cat by its neck.
I guess that all we can do is wait.
I often listen to podcasts in French.
I knew you'd do something.
I knew that it was going to happen.
I knew that I had to buy something.
I just wish that I could get a job.
I just don't think that it's right.
I hope that this advice is helpful.
I hope that I didn't offend you.
I hope that nobody feels like that.
I hope no one feels like that.
I hope that no one feels like that.
I hope that it doesn't ever happen.
I came awfully near to giving up.
I wish that I didn't have to leave.
I know that we can help each other.
I think that I'm prepared for that.
I sang a lot when I was a child.
I guess that I can understand that.
I can't speak for anybody else.
I wish that I could turn back time.
I believe that the tide is turning.
I bet that the rates won't go down.
I hope that I'm not getting a cold.
I dated a girl in high school who could speak French.
I hope that people understand that.
I hope that this debate isn't over.
I hope that you all come home safe.
I knew it was OK at that point.
I knew that it was OK at that point.
I knew that there was more to tell.
I know that it wasn't right for me.
I know that we'll give it our best.
I really don't think that it works.
I sincerely hope that you're vegan.
I suppose that you did it yourself.
I suppose that you won't deny that.
I think that it's pretty fantastic.
I think that that still needs work.
We couldn't ask for a better French teacher than Tom.
I think that that was very special.
I think that that's hard to answer.
I think that that's most important.
I think that that's our obligation.
I think that that's safe to assume.
I think that that's where we're at.
I think that there are two answers.
I think that this is very bad news.
I think that we deserve a lot more.
I think that we were well-prepared.
I thought that it was a bit much.
I thought it was a bit much.
I wish that it was more convenient.
Mary is really pretty, isn't she?
Mary is quite beautiful, isn't she?
I just thought that you were bored.
Please bring him back tomorrow.
I don't like the tie you have on.
I hate the tie that you're wearing.
I don't like the tie that you have on.
I think that I need to talk to you.
I know that it's hard to walk away.
I didn't plan on getting caught.
I didn't know you needed me.
I didn't know that you needed me.
I hope that you don't get injured.
Tom says he doesn't have time to take French lessons.
Tom says that he doesn't have time to take French lessons.
I knew that it wasn't an accident.
I knew that you wanted to do that.
I knew that you wouldn't be awake.
I knew that you wouldn't be fired.
I knew that you wouldn't be there.
I knew that you'd enjoy the party.
I knew that you'd have to do that.
I knew that you'd like doing that.
I knew that you'd need to do that.
I knew that you'd want to do that.
I suggest that you get some sleep.
I think that we can do that again.
I think that you'd better do that.
I think that you're a good driver.
I think that you're a good father.
I think that you're a good leader.
I think that you're likely to win.
I told you that you could do that.
Tom never seemed to be interested in learning French.
I was hoping that I'd get a raise.
I didn't get home until after dark.
I didn't think that I'd get fired.
I didn't think I'd be fired.
I didn't think that I'd be fired.
I didn't think that you'd noticed.
I didn't think that you'd be late.
I didn't think that you'd be here.
I didn't think that you were busy.
I didn't think that that was fair.
I didn't think that I'd be scared.
I didn't think that I'd be lonely.
I didn't want anybody to know.
I didn't want to kill anybody.
I hope that you pass today's exam.
I know everybody here by name.
I know that it won't happen again.
Did you remember your father's birthday?
The tickets were sold within a week.
I know that the job won't be easy.
I know that the police suspect me.
Everything I do requires his permission.
I've been teaching French for more than thirty years.
Walk straight, right?
Straight ahead, right?
I spent the day on the beach.
He hurt his foot, he can't play football anymore.
He hurt his foot, he can't play soccer anymore.
Her mother died on her birthday.
I still haven't eaten dinner yet.
The old magazines are all sold out.
I think that it's time to give up.
Quite good, not bad.
Why must I know about it?
She brought cakes that she made herself.
I hope he will get well soon
I hope he will recovery quickly.
I only have one sweet left.
I wish that I had something to do.
I only have one candy left.
Why are you in such a hurry!
I wish that I hadn't been so late.
Why are you so anxious!
I wish that someone would do that.
I wish that somebody would do that.
Tell him to come.
Put it down lightly!
You can't touch it!
Don't come and mess around!
Don't come and cause trouble, OK!
I want to sleep until 8:30.
I'm not doing anything currently.
Why isn't your friend here yet?
Why hasn't your friend come yet?
I'm not doing anything at this time.
Please take a step forward.
He's in the movie.
He went back inside.
He's a big racist.
I can understand every word of Berber.
The ability to forget is the secret to eternal youth. We grow old from remembering.
My family is from Algeria.
Berber was my first language.
How much Berber do you know?
Are you from Algeria?
Do Algerians like or hate pizza?
Berber is a language that I haven't heard before.
Do you have any Algerian friends?
"Which language do you speak?" "Berber."
"Which language are you speaking?" "Berber."
"Which language were you speaking?" "Berber."
It sounds like Berber.
Is Berber the most used language in Algeria?
They are determined to destroy Berber in the name of their racist ideology.
"Are you Algerian?" "percent."
Did you learn Berber in school or at home?
Speaking Berber was illegal in Libya.
In the end, a solution was agreed upon.
Ultimately a solution was agreed upon.
Teach me how to say something in Berber.
Can you say something in Berber?
How do you say "nice to meet you" in Berber?
How do you say "goodbye" in Berber?
How do you say "hello" in Berber?
"What were you speaking?" "Berber."
Can you introduce yourself in Berber?
Listening to the Quran is humbling.
"What's the language that you're planning to learn?" "Berber."
Say something pretty in Berber.
"Which language are they speaking?" "Berber."
Which language are they speaking? It sounds like Berber.
I speak fluent Berber.
When I was in school, I used to be really good in Berber.
He went to Algeria just once.
Algerians are really protective of their country.
Algerians don't have a good opinion of the French.
I want you to teach me Berber.
Can you say "hello" in Berber?
Can you tell me how to say "yes" in Berber?
Berber is an African language.
His actual language is Berber.
Can you name some Berber dialects?
How do you say "what is your name?" in Berber?
Is it Berber or Arabic?
How do you say "no" in Berber?
Berber is a North African language.
Berber is spoken throughout North Africa.
Berber is the language that he speaks most of the time.
Berber is the language he speaks most of the time.
They are trying to bring Berber back in their area.
Would you like to learn something in Berber?
Would you like to learn some Berber words?
Would you like to learn some Berber phrases?
Is that Berber?
Is this Berber?
He speaks Berber because he grew up in Algeria.
He has a degree in the Berber language.
"I think it's Arabic." "No, it's Berber."
It wasn't Berber.
His dad is Algerian.
His dad is Muslim.
He insulted her in Berber.
Say something sweet in Berber.
"What language were you speaking?" "Berber."
I know I'm getting my Berber pronunciation wrong, but all that matters is that you can understand me.
"Is it Berber?" "Yes."
Is Berber your native language?
Are you speaking in Berber?
Excuse me, are you speaking in Berber?
It's either Berber or Arabic.
Teach me something in Berber.
Learning a language includes learning to use and understand political and religious language.
You will find one.
I'm gonna show you another part of Algeria.
He's not speaking Berber.
He sleeps on the bench.
Tom found a wallet on the pavement.
Tom found a wallet on the footpath.
Islam isn't just theory. It's practice.
Islam is wonderful.
Islam is a wonderful religion.
Both his parents are Muslims.
He didn't want to come to Algeria.
His parents dragged him down to Algeria.
He would always speak about Islam.
He decided to take a trip to Algeria.
He spent a whole week in Algeria.
A month later, he accepted Islam.
He didn't mention his conversion to Islam to anybody.
He kept his conversion to Islam a secret.
He wanted to take her back to Islam.
He doesn't speak to her because she is Muslim.
He was working with a Muslim.
He lived a very different life than a Muslim lived.
He woke up in the morning and he prayed.
He gave dawah to Christians.
Muslims believe in the oneness of God.
She asked God for forgiveness.
He begged God for forgiveness.
Him, and Him alone, forgives sins.
I believe in Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
He was looking for the imam.
I'd like to become a Muslim.
He came to this very mosque.
He gave his shahada in front of everyone.
He went to the mosque that night.
You can play music and be a Muslim.
Islam gave me peace.
Islam gave me serenity.
You'll be an Algerian.
He's Muslim, not Arab.
You don't have to be an Arab to be a Muslim.
Most Muslims are not Arabs.
Islam changed my heart.
When you convert to Islam, you're not obliged to take an Arab name.
Tell me about your life before Islam.
Tell me about your life after Islam.
Tell me about your life before and after Islam.
Alcohol is forbidden in Islam.
Fornication is forbidden in Islam.
He's ready for a change in his life.
Tell me about your lifestyle before Islam.
Tell me about your lifestyle after Islam.
She has been telling the story to deckchair hirers.
Tell me about your lifestyle before and after Islam.
Convert to Islam and you're gonna feel better.
He has to go to the mosque.
There's nothing like settling into a deckchair.
That is bound to keep you on the edge of your deckchair.
God is the all-wise.
God is ever-living.
The deckchair has a sturdy and functional design.
God is the all-powerful.
God shows mercy.
You can soak up the rays of the morning sun lying on your deckchair.
This durable oak deckchair comes with a floral canvas cover.
God is our maker.
Buy this limited edition designer deckchair!
God is our creator.
Deckchair lounging is also very keenly taken up.
The sunbather laughed at your failure from his deckchair.
I encourage you to be a Muslim.
He wants everyone to be Muslim.
He says that Islam is the only way to get to paradise.
Just pull up a deckchair and enjoy being at sea.
There is only one god in Islam.
How could the Bible lead someone to Islam?
How could the Old Testament lead someone to Islam?
How could science lead someone to Islam?
You're my brothers and sisters in Islam.
I'm Muslim and you are my brothers and sisters in humanity.
He finally arrived in Algiers for his day in court.
He has no plans to return to Algeria.
To him, a new life in Algeria seemed like paradise.
He may never see Algeria again.
He went to Algeria to get away from everything.
He arrived in Algeria with his life savings, ready to start a new life.
This is a stupid question.
He chose death.
His Algerian hotel was flourishing.
He stayed in Algeria to finish off his business.
Did he forgive her?
In fear of his life, he abandoned his business in that neighborhood.
She hit him with a broom handle.
He persuaded her to fly to Algeria.
They smuggled him to Algeria.
Between us and Algeria lie kilometers of desert.
Between us and Algeria lie a thousand kilometers of desert.
His life was finished.
When he was sentenced to spend the rest of his days in prison, his life was finished.
He's an Algerian businessman.
He was abandoned on a desert island for four months.
Algeria is a paradise.
She doesn't want to have any children.
I was waiting for her, but she didn't come.
He was living an idyllic life in Algeria.
He got out of the army.
Algeria is a pleasant place to be.
I have just finished reading Mouloud Mammeri's Berber language grammar.
She said that in Berber.
He said it in Berber.
He was pleading for his life.
He was begging for his life.
Don't lose your dignity in front of these people.
He spoke Berber with a German accent.
How did you know that he wasn't there?
He started speaking Berber.
The videotape is in Berber.
The video is in Berber.
He was wading through mud.
The radio crackled into life.
He went to a hamburger joint.
To love is nice.
The matter was not just money.
We have two eyes and two ears, but only one mouth, in order to see and listen much, but talk less.
"Where were your grandfathers from?" "Cameroon."
Everything has a cost.
It's better to have an intelligent enemy than a stupid friend.
Courage is contagious.
This tire is worthless.
Pray for me!
He has a motorbike.
They're back in Algeria, in Kabylie.
They're back in Algeria.
Democracy is a method which ensures that we should not be governed better than we deserve.
His house in Algeria is in the middle of nowhere.
They live in Crimea.
His house in Algeria is in the middle of the desert.
Plurivocality in a society is provided by media, of course.
He met her in 2004. Four years later, they married.
He was offered a job at a mine in Algeria.
Go after him.
He's a fellow Algerian.
From which of these two accounts do you want to draw money?
Northern Algeria is very similar to southern Italy.
Algeria is very similar to Tunisia.
They have even slept together.
We have been squeezed but not smashed. We have been baffled but not desperate.
Just in case, move to the side a little bit.
A sexagesimal system was used in Babylonia. Therefore an hour has sixty minutes and a day has twenty-four hours.
Don't fool around.
My father would beat your father.
I have been to greater Russia just four times.
Ali went crazy.
We brought trouble.
Ali didn't show his hand.
Ali became a volunteer for TEMA Foundation.
Don't forget your pocket money.
When I saw Ali last time, he was barefoot and bareheaded.
Does it contain gluten?
"Bulmak" word is used for "to invent" in Turkish.
I should have confirmed it by searching for the original one.
Where some states have contractors, the Laz contractors have a state.
In one night, the prophet Zechariah received eight visions from the Lord.
Is Ellen White against Helene Blavatsky as Adventist people claim?
Sami is supposed to subscribe.
My name is Jatalo.
Almost all provincial and district governors are on our side.
We did everything.
Talking a lot about what might happen in the future could have made the real and physical struggle we were dealing with seem like a fiction.
It was decided to unite the national organizations in Thrace and Anatolia and to gather a united and powerful committee in Sivas, which is a reliable place to announce the voice of the nation to the world with all its luster.
Of course, to list and explain all the requirements and imperatives of this important decision on the first day would have been inappropriate.
Now it's time. Secretly negotiate what you need to set up organizations and send me a few valuable people as delegates.
Ali is a very sneaky one.
With this distinction, a nation that dies for its independence considers that humanity resorted to every sacrifice required by its honor and dignity, and, of course, when compared to a numb, dishonorable nation that puts the chain of imprisonment around its neck, its place in the eyes of friends and enemies is very different.
The poet never dies.
He wrote a long poem.
The poet is a great sentimental.
Night is when inspiration visits the poet.
The love theme is permanent in the poet's texts.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere in almost every country across the globe.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere in almost every country across the globe, and it is common to see people hunched over these devices.
It's common to see people hunched over their phones.
When Dr. Lushantha Gunasekera at Orlando Health began feeling back pain, he thought he needed strength training.
"It was mainly pain in my upper back and neck and shoulder area," he said. "It was just on the one side."
The pain was mainly in my upper back and neck and shoulder area.
Nathaniel Melendez, a fitness specialist at the Orlando Health gym, was certain the doctor's pain was from poor posture.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Hunching over a computer screen or cellphone compresses the neck muscles, which causes fatigue, muscle tension and headaches, and can injure vertebrae.
You'd be surprised what strengthening your core and doing postural corrective exercises can do for your body.
As for Gunasekera, he says changing his posture made a huge difference.
"It's really helped out," he said. "Now, I don't have pain there anymore."
Now, I don't have pain there anymore.
Experts advise computer users who are seated to be at eye level with the screen.
Cellphone and computer users are encouraged to take frequent breaks and to remain aware of their posture.
Kenyan authorities have begun a mass vaccination of girls against the human papilloma virus, HPV, which causes cervical cancer.
According to the World Health Organization, the East Africa region has the highest rate of cervical cancer in the world.
Kenya officially launched its HPV vaccination program Friday in the coastal town of Mombasa.
The vaccine will be administered free to all 10-year-old girls as part of the country's routine immunization schedule.
Girls will get the vaccine in two doses, six months apart.
"Access to the HPV vaccine by our girls will lead to the reduction of number of new cervical cancer cases and secure lives of our daughters and sisters," he said.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is battling to persuade lawmakers to back the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement he signed with the European Union.
In Europe, for some, there is Brexit fatigue, and a hope that both sides can move on after more than three years of uncertainty.
I'd pay good money for that.
I heard Tom and Mary speaking in French.
I'm very bad with money.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
Stop wasting your money.
I wanted Tom to come home.
We almost always only speak to each other in French.
We almost always speak to each other in French.
I think they already sleep at this time.
I think that Tom is already asleep.
I think Tom is already asleep.
I never thought that it would happen to me.
What can you do to help?
Tom asked Mary a few questions about John.
What songs did you sing?
I wanted Tom to come over.
I'm looking for my French dictionary.
I'd like to buy you that.
I've misplaced my French dictionary.
I've lost my French dictionary.
I can't find my French dictionary.
I should've taken my hat off.
I don't believe that we can do it.
I think that that was the problem.
I think that doing that was wrong.
I think that you ought to do that.
I wish that I were somewhere else.
I think that you should try again.
I wonder what's in that crate.
I wonder what's in that room.
I think that we'll always be here.
I think that perhaps I'll do that.
I think that I did OK on the test.
I knew that I had something to do.
I hope no one feels that way.
I hope that nobody feels that way.
I hope that no one feels that way.
I guess that it might be possible.
I did what everybody else did.
I think that I'll stay home today.
I guess that I'll have to do that.
I agree that it should be illegal.
I can't draw at all.
I don't feel that that's the case.
I guess that that makes two of us.
I guess that you didn't miss much.
I hope that it's not gone forever.
I hope that this can help someone.
I hope that this can help somebody.
I hope this can help somebody.
I'm not very good at drawing.
I hope that this comes off easily.
I hope that comes off easily.
I hope that that comes off easily.
I hope that you're not too miffed.
I knew no one cared about me.
I knew that nobody cared about me.
I knew that no one cared about me.
I suppose that you'd like to come.
I think that I played pretty well.
I think everybody wishes that.
I think that everybody wishes that.
I think that everyone wishes that.
I think that it'll be a good game.
I think that people are delighted.
I think that that's stretching it.
I think that that's the case here.
I think that that's what saved us.
I think that this is an emergency.
I think that we got everybody out.
I think that we got everyone out.
I think we got everyone out.
I think that we should admit that.
I think that we're getting closer.
I think we're just beginning to understand the problem.
I think that we're just beginning to understand the problem.
I think that we're just beginning.
I think that we're out of control.
I think that we've all been there.
I need to learn how to order food in French.
Tom wants me to give him everything that I own.
Tom wants me to give him everything I own.
I bought it for Tom.
Tom didn't ask Mary because he was afraid that she'd say no.
Tom didn't ask Mary because he was afraid she'd say no.
It'll be cheaper to go there by bus than to go there by train.
Why don't we do something?
I'd like to earn more money.
If a thing is worth doing, it's worth doing well.
I would like to show you something.
I was in the forest.
I saw a lot of felled trees there.
Some spruces are bark-beetle infested.
Forests are decreasing.
I work with a lot of Greek people.
Scotland has been dragged out of the European Union against its will.
Tom held a masquerade ball in the grand ballroom.
The princess held a masquerade ball in the grand ballroom.
Tom and Mary met at a masquerade ball.
She dodged his kiss.
Tom dodged Mary's kiss.
They danced around the ballroom.
Tom and Mary danced around the ballroom.
Tom wore a tuxedo.
Mary wore an evening gown.
Tom led Mary out of the ballroom.
Tom and Mary took a stroll through the garden.
Tom and Mary took a stroll through the gardens.
Tom and Mary took a stroll through the picturesque gardens.
Tom and Mary took a stroll through the rose garden.
Tom invited them to take a stroll in the garden.
Tom invited Mary to take a stroll in the garden.
Tom and Mary took a stroll through the moonlit garden.
This came as a complete surprise.
This came as a complete surprise to Tom.
This came as a complete surprise to Mary.
It came as a complete surprise.
This came as a complete surprise to me.
The silence was a bit awkward.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's behavior.
Tom was a bit puzzled.
He was a bit puzzled by her behavior.
Tom took a day off from work.
The king held a masquerade ball in the grand ballroom.
They're catching up with us.
They're catching up to us.
Tom wasn't used to not getting his way.
Tom is used to getting his way.
He's used to getting his way.
She's used to getting her way.
It would be better if you went to sleep immediately.
Tom is used to calling the shots.
Falcons are birds of prey.
Sparrowhawks are birds of prey.
Goshawks are birds of prey.
Today automobiles track the behavior of drivers: they collect personal data such as speed, route, and driving style, then they upload that information to the car manufacturers or insurance companies.
The boss lady was very busy.
When is it right to disclose personal data about a person without that person's consent?
This website collects and uses our personal information, among other things, for account creation, internal management, marketing, to send us advertising information and to analyze data.
That'd be murder.
Zidane was one of the greatest players in the world.
The best way to control calories is distance.
Where's the session?
Hungarian, although spoken in Europe, is not considered an Indo-European language, just like Finnish and Basque.
Who invited her to the party?
I'm having a depression.
It's great to be helped, but it's even better to help.
Would you happen to know if there's an ATM near here?
“I have not,” said the Provincial Mayor.
It is simply this.
That Space, as our mathematicians have it, is spoken of as having three dimensions, which one may call Length, Breadth, and Thickness, and is always definable by reference to three planes, each at right angles to the others.
But some philosophical people have been asking why three dimensions particularly—why not another direction at right angles to the other three?—and have even tried to construct a Four-Dimensional geometry.
Professor Simon Newcomb was expounding this to the New York Mathematical Society only a month or so ago.
You know how on a flat surface, which has only two dimensions, we can represent a figure of a three-dimensional solid, and similarly they think that by models of three dimensions they could represent one of four—if they could master the perspective of the thing.
“I think so,” murmured the Provincial Mayor; and, knitting his brows, he lapsed into an introspective state, his lips moving as one who repeats mystic words.
“Yes, I think I see it now,” he said after some time, brightening in a quite transitory manner.
When that medical clinic discloses our health information to third parties, I wonder if those third parties actually follow the privacy rules.
"Where's Nan?" "In the kitchen."
"Where's Granny?" "In the kitchen."
She waited a long time for him.
It's never too late to turn back.
It's a Japanese car.
The satellite dish no longer works.
She's got a new car.
She has a new car.
The children were loud and unruly.
Your room is at the end of the corridor.
He began his career in radio.
"But the story didn't end there." "What happened next?"
I would've liked to wish you happy birthday in person.
There's a town in the Czech Republic called Loket, which means "elbow".
He came when it was too late.
The Ryom-Verzeichnis, a catalogue of the works of Antonio Vivaldi, is named after Peter Ryom, a Danish musicologist.
Compared with average days, experts estimate the wind in the next few days will provide us with four times the amount of energy.
He has been Muslim for about for and a half years.
He didn't go to the mosque much.
He started looking into Islam.
Islam is something he didn't have a lot of knowledge on.
Islam focuses on the oneness of God.
"Allah" just means God in Arabic.
Why is Islam misunderstood?
He didn't know any white guys who were Muslim.
He studied the basic stuff of Islam.
The Quran is full of scientific truths.
There is a small Muslim minority there.
God guided him.
When did you take your shahada?
His mom was Algerian.
She wants to take the shahada.
The imam is one of my dearest friends.
He prayed five times a day.
He prayed the fajr prayer.
He prayed in his room.
I've become Muslim.
She became Muslim and he married her.
He didn't know a lot about Algeria.
His trip to Algeria was life-changing.
He did umrah in Mecca.
He started working towards being a Muslim.
He did that sincerely for the sake of God.
What are you doing in life?
Are you ready to meet your maker?
Are you ready to meet your Lord?
It's a dawah organization based in New York.
He has a passion for dawah.
They launched a dawah organization in the UK.
His father is from Algeria and his mother is from Italy.
Are the neighbors noisy?
Are the neighbours noisy?
She was calling her sister.
Porto Alegre is a great city.
Plug that leak up.
Do you want to know how Tom became fluent in French?
What you did is illegal.
Tom did everything Mary said he should do.
Who caused the problems?
I wanted Tom to cooperate.
Tom did everything that Mary said that he should do.
Tom did everything Mary said that he should do.
Tom did everything that Mary said he should do.
The pain was mainly in my lower back.
I think that someone's knocking on the door.
I think that somebody's knocking on the door.
I think somebody's knocking on the door.
We all know timing is important.
Tom started learning French when he was very young.
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.
I'd rather have a full-time job than a part-time one.
We have thirty of those.
I only had thirty dollars with me at that time.
There are about thirty goldfish in our pond.
How did you pay for this?
I hope I did not write nonsense.
I think that it's time for a beer.
Tom is going to stick around to help Mary.
How far away do you live?
Tom explained that in French, so I'd understand it.
Tom explained that in French, so that I'd understand it.
I hope that what I wrote was understandable.
I hope what I wrote was understandable.
I wanted to meet with Tom.
How fresh are these eggs?
My parents always speak French to me.
Tom recognized Mary the second he saw her.
How many eggs do you want me to buy?
Nobody can roof a house with a single tile.
I teach French online.
I study French online.
Give way to oncoming vehicles.
He took an interest in the Berber language.
These barriers are closed overnight.
One country I want to visit is Algeria.
One day, I'd like to visit Algeria.
I didn't like math. I didn't like geography. The one subject I liked was Berber.
They made a unanimous decision to learn Berber.
The word Berber appeared everywhere in that document.
The word "Berber" refers to all the Berber dialects together.
The term "Berber" refers to all the Berber dialects together.
Keep locked shut.
Kabyle and Shawi are both part of the same language.
Kabyle and Shawi are both dialects of the same language.
See you in Berber class.
We're both learning Berber.
Plurals aren't as easy in Berber as they are in English.
The difference between Salas's Berber classes and Skura's Berber classes are day and night.
This Berber expression contains a special meaning of its own.
This Berber sentence has a complicated grammatical structure.
In emergency push button to alert staff.
Now it's time to start using Berber.
Go and practice Berber.
I hope that you found this Berber class interesting.
When lamp lights, speak to staff.
Lower lid before flushing.
Wait for signal.
Phone (Internal) or to call the fire brigade.
Leave the building by the nearest exit, closing doors behind you.
Report to your assembly point.
Do not stop to collect personal belongings.
Smoking is permitted within the marked boundary.
How efficiently is this building being used?
This tells you how much carbon dioxide the building emits.
It shows tonnes per year of CO₂.
This tells you how efficiently energy has been used in this building over the last three accounting periods.
This tells you technical information about how energy is used in this building.
This is a Display Energy Certificate as defined in the Energy Performance of Buildings Regulations as amended.
Recommendations for improving the energy performance of the building are contained in the associated Recommendation Report.
Push button to open door.
You are here.
This woman is my aunt.
Users park at their own risk. No responsibility will be accepted for any loss, damage or theft.
Warning! hour CCTV recording and monitoring.
Are you hydrated?
Take the urine colour test.
Your kidneys are amazing. Help them work better by staying hydrated.
Designed by pupils from Ysgol Bro Dewi.
Warning! Contains Asbestos.
Breathing asbestos dust is dangerous to health.
Follow the safety instructions.
No donations to be left in the doorway when the store is closed.
No drinking or eating permitted in this store.
No dogs permitted except guide dogs.
Please take a bag of soil and seed to repair divots on the fairways.
Leave the empty bags in the container by the 18th green.
Your assistance helps to keep our course in good condition.
Revenue Protection teams are regularly out and about on the network.
Our Officers are sometimes in plain clothing but will always show their ID while carrying out ticket checks.
Failure to have a valid ticket may result in prosecution and a fine of up to £1000.
When starting your journey at a station where ticket buying facilities are available, it is your responsibility to buy or activate a valid ticket for the journey before boarding a train.
If you are or older, you need to buy an adult ticket.
If there are no ticket buying facilities at your station, please find a staff member as soon as possible to buy a ticket, or to seek advice on the nearest opportunity to purchase one.
Have you unlocked the door for your neighbour?
My parents are already on pension.
It contains alcohol.
Believe in your dreams, no matter how impossible they seem.
Until now no one had made it to the top of the mountain.
They should ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Sebatik Island is a border area between Indonesia and Malaysia.
Climate change, pollution and fishing are causing irreversible damage to New Zealand's marine environment and putting many birds and mammals at risk of extinction, according to a new report from the nation’s Ministry for the Environment.
New Zealand's coastline, which stretches for about 15,kilometers, is also under increasing pressure from development and shipping.
Agriculture, forestry and urbanization are increasing the amount of sediment, chemicals and plastics flowing into the oceans, and contaminating the coastline.
The report said percent of the country's seabirds and about a quarter of its marine mammals are threatened with extinction, and that percent of New Zealand's fish stocks had been overfished.
The sea is a receiving environment for what happens on the land, so our activities on land from the mountains to the sea are having an impact on what we are seeing in the marine environment.
The report also confirmed that New Zealand's sea temperature had risen and was consistent with the global average.
The report also found sea levels were rising faster than before.
There was a warning, too, that New Zealand could expect more frequent marine heat waves, similar to those in and 2018, and ocean acidification.
The next official marine environment report is due in three years.
New Zealand is a grouping of islands in the South Pacific Ocean, southeast of Australia. It has a population of 4.million people.
The German government recently unveiled a plan to tax carbon emissions from cars and buildings.
The German government recently unveiled a plan to tax carbon emissions from cars and buildings. It’s a big move in a country known for its fast cars, but whose young people are demanding climate friendly transportation.
One way Germany hopes to reduce its carbon footprint – and appease the young climate activists – is by rolling out new and innovative trains.
A study by train operator Deutsche Bahn found that trains have a drastically lower carbon footprint than planes, cars or buses, yet many people are still flying short distances.
The narrow streets became crowded.
I updated my profile.
There are many streets.
I have updated my profile.
I'm going to visit a friend who lives in Lithuania.
The first structures were built with stone and wood.
Old as he was, he could barely climb the stairs.
In addition to being the capital of the United Kingdom, London is also the capital of England.
How many beers did he drink?
This is a cigar.
I blocked her on Facebook.
Take it just as a piece of good advice. I don't order you anything.
All through the clip, that guy was staring at you very strangely.
It's cool how you make these people's day speaking your language.
While I was borrowing your brand new laptop, I am afraid I accidentally downloaded a virus onto it.
How long will it take, do you think?
It may sound corny, but that's how it happened.
I couldn't go back to my house.
My girlfriend feels bad.
Are political parties allowed to use the private information from voters lists to promote their platform in Canada?
Nobody seems to have noticed anything.
The court delays decision.
I ordered my children to wait in the car.
The study subjects’ personal data is always anonymized in the results of a clinical trial before publishing in medical journals.
I asked her why she was crying.
Why can't you get a job?
My parents are retired.
We're going to the Algerian consulate.
They started a family in Algeria.
They have a store in Algeria.
Has no one started to copy the user guides of bathroom fragrance balls and lime descalers into the English sentences of Tatoeba yet?
He misses Algeria a lot.
Sometimes he misses Algeria a lot.
You're Muslim, aren't you?
His conversion to Islam is such an incredible story.
He was born here in Algiers.
When he was very young, they moved down to Algeria.
She went to the mosque almost every day.
He grew up in the mosque.
He had a lot of time to study the Quran.
This sparked in him an interest in Islam.
He was living in a very rural area in Algeria.
They fervently believe in God.
Try to put Islamic teachings in practice in your life.
Is there a purpose to our lives?
I looked everywhere for answers and I found the Quran.
He looked everywhere for answers and he found Islam.
Muslims rely on God.
The Quran is not a book of science but many of the things it says are scientifically verifiable.
We both believe in God.
Islamophobia is almost non-existent here.
Islamophobia is very organized here.
They were denigrating Muslims.
They were denigrating Muslim women.
They were denigrating the hijab.
Islam has nothing to do with these horrific acts.
You shouldn't categorize all Muslims as murderers.
Islam has nothing to do with the horrific acts that ISIS commits.
Muslims are not a race.
What led you to accept Islam?
I was always interested in Berber.
What do I need to do to become a Muslim?
The shahada is the Muslim testimony of faith.
He pronounced the shahada.
He pronounced the Muslim testimony of faith.
Muslims are a global community.
There are more than a billion Muslims.
God blessed me to be a part of this community.
My conversion to Islam was a wise decision.
He met some Muslims when he was in Algeria.
The Quran is the holy book of Muslims.
There is no error in the Quran.
He can't answer questions about the Quran.
He contacted the local mosque.
If you want to study the Quran, contact the local mosque.
Is the Quran actually the word of God?
Islam continues to be the fastest growing religion.
There are a lot of white Muslims in this part of the US.
Here in Manchester, we have a lot of Muslims.
Does Islam oppress women?
They say that Islam oppresses women.
Islam has liberated me.
Islam liberates women.
He has become a better Muslim.
What's your attitude towards Islam?
His parents were expecting him to convert to Islam.
"I have converted to Islam." "OK."
"I have converted to Islam." "I was expecting it."
The bus will be arriving soon.
"I've converted to Islam." "I know."
He was inclined towards Islam.
It's clear that Islam doesn't oppress women.
Islam doesn't give men the right to oppress women.
May God bless him for his hard work.
Do you want to accept Islam?
We got word that he converted to Islam.
He made good friendships with Muslims.
He got the chance to be around Muslims.
Muslims submit to the will of God.
Muslims love Jesus, too.
Muslims submit only to God.
One out of every four people is Muslim.
He picked up the Quran and he started reading.
People are accepting Islam every day.
He asked God for guidance.
Islam brings peace.
Islam brings you peace.
He was chosen by God to do this work.
Don’t be afraid to ask your pharmacist about over-the-counter drugs.
He was blessed to be born to Muslim parents.
They said their prayers.
They gave thanks to God.
Is being a Muslim in America difficult?
This music is popular in Algeria.
He wrote a song in Berber.
He was writing a song in Berber.
He sang a song in Berber.
He prayed in the locker room.
He talked to the imam.
He needs to talk to the imam.
The imam retired.
He became Muslim and changed his name.
He made wudu.
He made wudu at home.
I like the way he recites the Quran.
She was born in Algiers.
That was his first contact with Islam.
He's doing dawah.
We went to an Islamic library.
She wanted to read the Quran.
She left the mosque.
He was asking God for guidance.
He woke up early and went to the mosque.
He ended up converting to Islam.
"Who am I gonna ask for help?" "God."
We're in good spirits.
He used to read the Quran every day.
May I rephrase the answer?
He kept reading the Quran for months.
Is it true he said that?
He's standing in front of the mosque.
They were both Muslim.
Tom resigned from the presidency because of a corruption scandal.
He believes in everything that's inside the Quran.
How long do those batteries last?
He believes in everything that's in the Quran.
He spent four months reading the Quran.
He spent four months studying the Quran.
He spent four months studying Islam.
That will depend exclusively on you.
Our mosques doesn't have stairs.
The imam already knows that you want to convert to Islam.
He needs more time.
How did you learn about Islam?
Islam helped me to give up my addiction to alcohol.
Give me a copy of the Quran.
He used to read the Quran there.
He used to read the Quran in the kitchen.
He began reading to her the Quran.
He began reading the Quran to his mother.
I wanna be Muslim.
He became Muslim four years after her.
Jesus was a messenger of God.
Moses was a messenger of God.
Muhammad is the last messenger of God.
My dad accepted Islam.
My older brother accepted Islam.
All of my sisters accepted Islam.
He decided to go back to Algeria.
It was a blessing to be in Algeria.
This is my first Eid in Algeria.
This is my first Ramadan in Algeria.
God opened up my heart to Islam.
She was careful crossing the square.
This is a zinc sheet.
They were both born in Algeria.
They eventually moved to Algeria.
They didn't know Berber.
When we moved to London, there was a large Muslim community there.
She walked into the mosque.
He moved to Algeria and lived there for four years.
He prayed to God.
They stopped going to the mosque.
In Algeria, he was living in a city called Bejaia.
When he moved to Algeria, he became a little depressed.
He was a Muslim and his father was an imam.
He doesn't like church.
He started going to that mosque.
We can speak Berber to each other.
He found out the saw Algerian.
Tell me about Algeria.
His parents wouldn't let him go to the mosque.
He met his friend in the mosque.
He's ready to go to the mosque.
He felt comfortable in the mosque.
He never felt a spiritual fulfillment in the mosque.
Her mother wore the hijab.
Tom made friends quickly.
Her mother wore hijab.
Mary made many friends.
Tom made many friends.
A good Muslim strives to be good and righteous.
Those Muslims are very good people.
His mother is Muslim and she covers herself.
Muslims try to please God.
Mary made friends quickly.
She really loved her Muslim friend.
When he went to Manchester, he wanted to continue to go to the mosque.
He had light eyes.
He has dark eyes.
Can we go to the mosque?
He visited them during the month of Ramadan.
She went into the mosque and wore a scarf.
He was approaching the mosque.
He wanted to go inside the mosque.
He went inside the mosque.
He came inside the mosque.
People were talking in the mosque.
He started to pray.
She took off her scarf.
This mosque has a huge parking lot.
She kept her scarf on.
She wanted to keep her scarf on.
She was with them in the mosque.
There is no god but God.
God is the greatest.
He kept on asking more questions about Islam.
He kept on coming with more questions about Islam.
Stop asking me questions about Islam.
Stop asking me questions about the Quran.
It was a very small book about Islam.
Who was Jesus?
Who was Muhammad, peace be upon him?
He asked some questions about Islam.
Tom was worried that he wouldn't make any friends.
What does he need to do to become a Muslim?
He wanted to find a Muslim that lived close to him.
He's interested in knowing about Islam.
He knew a few Berber words.
He has an Algerian friend. He's a Muslim.
Do you believe that God is one?
Do you believe that Muhammad is the final messenger of God?
He said his shahada there.
He called the imam.
He took his shahada yesterday.
They took me to the mosque.
He begged her to come to the mosque.
Him and I are both Algerian.
He didn't know that there were Muslims in Manchester.
He thought he was the only Hawaiian Muslim in the world.
We need to educate non-Muslims on what Islam truly is.
He was asking God for help.
In Christianity, God is portrayed like a man.
"Do you believe in Jesus Christ?" "Yes."
He has always believed in Jesus Christ.
She gave me a Quran.
God is not in a statue.
He doesn't have the intention of becoming a Muslim.
God is not a statue.
God is different from his creation.
God is not his creation.
Islam teaches you how to conduct your life.
He became Muslim but he didn't tell anybody about that.
He didn't tell anybody that he became Muslim.
On his twenty-fourth birthday, he made the Muslim declaration of faith.
What does Islam mean?
Islam means submitting your will to Almighty God.
We follow Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Never change the default size of your browser when using an anonymizer like Tor while on the dark web.
According to Islamic principles, we believe that God is one.
According to Islamic principles, we believe in day of judgment.
He tried to write a book about Islam.
Islam is the best way of life.
Islam has the solution to every single problem in the world.
Muslims worship solely God.
Don't think of Islam as a religion. In fact, it's a way of life.
Let's talk about the Quran.
The Quran is preserved in its original version in Arabic.
Tom and Mary are in the same friend group.
Islam has a solution to this problem.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is a role model.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is our role model.
Worship the Creator, not the creation.
He says that Islam puts him off.
Do you really love Jesus?
They're true followers of Jesus.
Muslims believe in Jesus, too.
Muslims are circumcised.
Muslims do not eat pork.
Eating pork is a major sin in Islam.
Drinking alcohol is a major sin in Islam.
Drinking wine is a major sin in Islam.
Getting drunk is a major sin in Islam.
Fornication is a major sin in Islam.
Sex out of wedlock is a major sin in Islam.
Infidelity is a major sin in Islam.
Adultery is a major sin in Islam.
Live your life according to the Quran.
Live your life according to the teachings of Islam.
They read the Quran.
The Quran doesn't have any fault in it.
He says that the Quran is from God.
They believe that the Quran is from God.
They're true and sincere Muslims.
They're true Muslims.
We ask God to guide us to the straight path.
He went to the mosque to pray the asr prayer.
He came from Algeria.
He came back from the mosque.
They decided to go to the mosque together.
He's originally from Algeria.
He has lost his Berber language.
He encouraged her to be a better Muslim.
It's good for us.
I just wanted to quickly touch base with you about this.
That's not in my wheelhouse.
I didn't understand French when I first moved here.
I wanted to see Tom again.
How many women work here?
Tom told Mary he could meet her on Monday.
Tom told Mary that he could meet her on Monday.
How much does that weigh?
My sister loves ballet.
I don't know what I have to say.
Every night I am thirsty.
A doctor visited a patient to give good news and bad news: "The bad news is: you won't live longer than the end of this day. And here comes the good news: I forgot to say that to you yesterday."
One of the first stops for a tourist in Los Angeles is the TCL Chinese Theatre next to the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Originally called Grauman’s Chinese Theatre, it opened in and is a remnant of Hollywood’s fascination with the Orient in the early days of the U.S. film industry.
Dong curated old photos of Chinese American actors for the newly restored Formosa Café, an iconic Hollywood nightclub and bar that opened in 1939.
The Formosa Cafe in Los Angeles first opened its doors in and was a frequent watering hole for people in the movie industry.
In this programming language, the attributes of the objects are encapsulated, so they can only be accessed by way of read and write methods previously defined in the class from which they are derived.
Charlie Chan and Fu Manchu may have been Chinese characters, but they were largely played by Caucasian actors made up to look Asian.
Chinese American actress Anna Mae Wong wanted to play the female lead in “The Good Earth,” but she did not get the role. “The reason why Anna Mae Wong wasn’t cast was because of this production law that was part of Hollywood. The industry itself put up a production law, and part of the clause was this anti-miscegenation clause that said that you could not have interracial romances on-screen,” said Yuen.
The movie “Crazy Rich Asians” hit the big screen with a majority Asian cast, an Asian American director and an Asian as one of the writers. The movie became a milestone for many Asian Americans.
I don't have transport.
The noise pollution in that city was horrifying.
Why was she killed?
They say that tentacle porn is very popular in certain countries.
The superheroes of her dreams died along with her.
The translation is precise.
The boy I love doesn't love me back.
I would have to pass by the store. In the house there isn't anything.
The beer has been finished.
I don't understand what this phrase means.
It wasn't Tom's error.
It wasn't Tom's mistake.
It doesn't rain at all.
There continue to be mosquitos.
It's getting colder, but we still have mosquitoes here.
We haven't had rain here in ages.
Let's see if it's cold now.
We haven't had rain here in a long time.
I'm yearning for the cold to arrive.
I've changed a lot of things.
You aren't going out?
Probably, this is your toothbrush.
Aren't you going out?
You aren't going out now, are you?
This is probably your toothbrush.
I think that this toothbrush is yours.
I think this toothbrush is yours.
Is this your toothbrush?
I can't find my toothbrush.
I need to buy a new toothbrush.
I have to learn how to order food in French.
I want to learn how to order food in French.
I'd like to learn how to order food in French.
Tell me what you know about that.
I'm awfully tired, but I can't seem to bring myself to go to sleep.
I'm very tired, but I can't seem to bring myself to go to sleep.
Let's see if it's cold already.
When I have a vacation I'll go to the Mediterranean Sea.
The United States has approximately percent of the world population, but it also accounts for percent of the world's prisoner population.
Who is it this time?
Where to, this time?
Being an adult is a responsibility.
She called to the children: "Get down!"
She called to the children: "Come down!"
I think that it could use some salt.
Is there something that you'd like to eat?
I'm new to the team.
It went badly.
Who'll pay for the wall?
I've put it in my appointment book.
They went well.
It's where no one can get to it.
It's where nobody can get it.
It's where no one can get it.
When you're bored, time passes slowly.
We don't have any more beer.
It's the first time that has happened.
Let's see if the beer is cold now.
I wonder if the beer is cold now.
Is it getting cold outside?
This is the first time that this has happened.
This is the first time this has happened.
That didn't happen to me.
That happened to you since you weren't careful.
I tasted the flavor of alcohol at sixteen.
In a three-dimensional reality, forces like electromagnetism operate solely in three dimensions and they act according to traditional laws of physics.
I realized that that box was empty.
I don't know if I can go to the party or not.
The unique resource more prized than all the others is land.
The garbage truck stopped coming the morning Milena left.
The bill was finally shelved.
Bundle up!
Night fell.
The highest peak is Everest.
It doesn't seem like it's autumn.
It doesn't seem like we're in autumn.
It feels wrong that we're in autumn.
It can't be right that it's autumn.
Where is fall?
Between and 2012, China produced more cement than the United States did during the whole of the 20th century.
Does that truly matter?
Everything has meaning.
All things have a purpose.
Are those American urbanites?
Give me the money!
It slipped my mind to call you.
I didn't remember about calling you.
Don't worry, it won't happen to me.
Come by around three.
Why is religion necessary?
For what purpose is religion needed?
This is a conversation between men.
This is man talk.
Tom liked to play tricks on his friends.
The clouds look very dark.
There were only a few children in the park.
Tom lied about his whereabouts that day.
The clouds disappeared.
Tom lied about where he was on that day.
I won't be able to help you tomorrow.
It's going to be a sunny day.
The day will be sunny.
Next weekend will also be rainy.
The forecast for tomorrow is more rain.
At this moment, it isn't raining.
Right now, it isn't raining.
The forecast for tomorrow is for more rain.
It poured.
Many highways remain closed.
She stayed with the house.
She kept the house.
I already have the wedding ring.
Let's get married right now.
Let's get married right away.
Our wedding will be private.
Let's get married as soon as we can.
We're only inviting those closest to us.
I haven't talked to Tom since he moved to Australia.
Only the family will come.
I haven't talked to Tom since he got back from Australia.
Ours will be a religious wedding.
The banquet will be open-air.
I wouldn't wish that on anyone.
I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
We just got married.
Tom knew something had happened to Mary.
Tom knew that something had happened to Mary.
There usually aren't this many people here.
Tom kicked the knife out of Mary's hand.
I wish you wouldn't watch so much TV.
I wish that you wouldn't watch so much TV.
I saw a good movie yesterday.
There aren't usually this many people here.
I'm afraid you won't agree.
I already have the wedding rings.
I'm afraid you aren't going to agree.
Many highways are still closed.
The clouds have disappeared.
I'm sorry that I forgot to call you.
I'm sorry I forgot to call you.
I don't like how the dog touches me with that wet nose!
Octopuses and squid aren't the only animals with tentacles.
I realized that box was empty.
I drank beer for the first time when I was thirteen.
I drank beer for the first time when I was thirteen years old.
The reason that happened was because you weren't careful.
The reason that happened to you was because you weren't careful.
It's the first time that has ever happened.
It's the first time that that has ever happened.
That's the first time that has happened.
That's the first time that that has happened.
I don't ever tend to have an afternoon meal.
I usually never have an afternoon meal.
Recently, I seem to be thirsty all the time.
I don't usually have an afternoon snack.
I'm afraid that you aren't going to agree.
I'm afraid that you won't agree.
I don't know why I'm always so tired.
Why am I always so tired?
The banquet will be outdoors.
The reason that that happened to you was because you weren't careful.
The reason that that happened was because you weren't careful.
Let's get married as soon as possible.
That happened to you because you were careless.
That happened to you because you weren't careful.
Tom fell off the pier because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom fell off the dock because he wasn't looking where he was going.
We've decided to have a private wedding ceremony.
Tom isn't the kind of guy who'd do that.
Some people in the crowd were waving flags.
Tom is very protective of his daughters.
I wish I could play the piano better.
I wish that I could play the piano better.
Tom isn't the kind of guy that would do that.
I'm putting the boys to bed.
I tried, but I didn't succeed.
I hope that you'll be my friend.
I hope that my dream comes true.
I dream of going to Australia.
I believe that I'm in the right.
"Are you coming to the concert tomorrow?" "Yes! I'm looking forward to it!"
"Are you coming to the concert tomorrow?" "No, I won't be able to make it."
"Do you still feel sick?" "No, I'm feeling better now."
"Do you still feel sick?" "Yes. I hope I feel better soon."
You're the tallest one in your class, aren't you?
"What do you do for a living?" "I'm a software engineer."
I think Mary is more beautiful than Alice.
I think Mary is more beautiful than Alice is.
I think that Mary is more beautiful than Alice.
I think that Mary is more beautiful than Alice is.
"Are you an only child?" "No, I have two brothers and three sisters."
"Do you have any brothers or sisters?" "No - I'm an only child."
Tom is supposed to be at home with Mary.
Some of our members weren't at the meeting.
Tom is playing outside with his friends.
I wish I could play the cello better.
I wish that I could play the cello better.
Tom is married to a Canadian named Mary.
Tom is married to a Canadian woman named Mary.
Some of our members weren't able to attend the meeting.
"Are you ready to go?" "Yup! Let's go."
"Are you ready to go?" "I think so - no, wait, I forgot my keys."
"What are you doing today?" "I have to do groceries, and then I'm meeting some friends."
"Are you free later?" "I'm not free today, but I have time tomorrow."
"Are you free later?" "Sure! What do you want to do?"
"Are you free later?" "No, not today. When are you free?"
"Are you ready to go?" "Not yet. One minute."
I'm buying the tickets.
Don't worry about what Tom said.
Don't pay any attention to what Tom said.
Have you installed any antivirus software?
It's not an insurmountable problem.
It isn't an insurmountable problem.
Everyone knows you love them.
"Are you ready to go?" "Not yet. Please wait a minute."
They can pet the dog.
I usually take it easy on weekends.
He climbed mountains all over Algeria.
Nobody explained it.
Open this bottle for me.
Open this jar for me.
Open the door for me.
I enjoy the Djurdjura's majestic views.
I enjoy the majestic views of the Djurdjura Mountains.
Do we have classes tomorrow?
I don't like dubbed movies.
Is there any chance of recovery?
I think it might be a bug.
I think that it might be a bug.
Tom has climbed mountains all over the world.
Tom has climbed mountains in many different countries.
Have you ever climbed a mountain with Tom?
I'm fairly certain that it's a bug.
I'm fairly certain it's a bug.
I don't think that I got a good grade on the exam.
It isn't easy to make women happy.
He's faced with an horrendous choice.
He has to go to Algeria first.
I'm looking for somebody to play chess with.
The whole city knows it.
It's better to feed wild ducks grain than bread.
I'm wondering who'll win.
I'm curious as to which one of you will win.
The lift wasn't working.
Why can't you take off a few days?
There's enough space at this table for everybody.
You don't know who you're dealing with.
We lost everything and had to start over from scratch.
I don't like my room.
I don't like this website.
I don't like this class.
They were flown to Algeria.
I love Algeria dearly.
I was only five minutes late.
Could you bring me a glass of water?
You don't actually think I'm going to let you do that, do you?
I learned French by watching French programs on TV.
I wanted to see Tom happy.
How old is this umbrella?
I want Tom to tell Mary about the accident.
I'm not defending them.
"Where did you leave your umbrella?" "I left it at school."
That's not the way my grandmother made stuffing.
That's not the way that my grandmother made stuffing.
That isn't the way my grandmother made stuffing.
That isn't the way that my grandmother made stuffing.
Berber needs to be passed on to future generations.
To work here, you need to be able to speak French.
Tom was the one who convinced me to learn French.
How old is your umbrella?
I wanted to see Tom laugh.
The monkey is in the tree.
On Sunday Donald Trump, the President of the United States, called his new Secretary of Defense Mark Esperanto.
Donald Trump, the President of the United States, is known for (among other things) his unpredictable behavior on the social network Twitter, where he regularly scolds his opponents, accuses critical journalists of "fake news," and abundantly quotes his supporters.
I hope that you tipped the delivery boy.
I thought that I might find you two here.
Tom wished that their kiss would last forever.
I think that you just answered your own question.
Trump's accidental mention of Esperanto immediately caused a spike in visits to the English Wikipedia's article on Esperanto.
I think that we got ripped off.
I hope that you enjoy this holiday season.
I won't deny it was difficult.
Tom knows everybody on his street.
Trump's accidental mention of Esperanto immediately caused a spike in visits to Esperanto's article in the English Wikipedia.
I wish that I could go back.
It's evident that the President often publishes his writings spontaneously and without checking for errors ahead of time, which regularly leads to a number of mistakes, including in the names of the people mentioned.
Silence is worth gold.
Speech is worth silver, silence worth gold.
I like silence.
There's a problem with this machine.
Animals are tortured in slaughterhouses. Most people don't care about it.
That is Tom's knife.
The night is darkest just before the dawn.
Her understudy was also on.
He had been Tom's understudy as vice-captain.
She was such a big star that she wouldn't allow an understudy.
She was under lots of pressure to perform three different roles as an understudy.
He flattered her by calling her ‘Brahms’s understudy’.
His former understudy was on the point of filing his retirement papers.
Her understudy sings like a bird.
He could prove to be an efficient understudy.
He is an understudy for that character.
She also served as Mary's understudy.
The subject has been getting a lot of attention recently, and rightfully so.
Tom still feels embarrassed about that, and rightfully so.
Rightfully so.
They are all looking for them.
Are you Serbian?
The conversation today was about video cameras.
It was all very strange.
We'll be up all night.
She seemed to be stunned by the news.
I'm not going to the Comoros anymore.
He found the house door closed.
I rarely leave a bookstore empty handed.
Every man to his taste.
Holy Scripture begins with a description of paradise and ends with a description of paradise.
John the Baptist was the first Baptist.
Today's my first day.
If old age could, if youth knew.
Those who are assembling are alike.
Close your eyes, open your mouth.
You touch it, you take it.
I want to talk to you about my problems.
Look you find.
It is not worth saying something.
Does not matter to me.
It's good for him.
Join him.
Do like him.
Finish quickly.
Can I get your phone number?
It isn't raining at all.
Read what you want to.
When I lived in London, the garbage truck came around in the afternoon once a week.
The garbage truck tends to come around at four in the morning.
To avoid being the one responsible, be responsible.
Tom shook his head in opposition.
Tom shook his head to disagree.
You can't erase this sentence.
The leaves are already falling from the trees.
They truly won't forget about it; I myself noted it on the calendar.
I'm saving for a ticket to Singapore.
It seems I forgot the password for this site.
Apparently I forgot the password for this site.
The outside windows are dirty.
Does this printer have ethernet?
I left the yogurt in the sun and it went sour.
This yogurt is sweet.
I don't know what the difference is between these two shirts. To me they're exactly the same.
I go to the school by bus.
I lost my camera a little while ago.
The process is totally automated.
The process is all done by robots.
Where will he have gone?
Where will she have gone?
Where will you have gone?
Have no fear !
Where could it be? John, help me look for it.
Don't worry, I won't lose it anymore.
If it were possible, I'd like to have the youth and energy that you all have.
These glasses look good on me.
Well! I see you've already met.
John, you have to help me.
I'm happy to be with you all.
I think we're lost. What are we going to do?
I think we've gotten lost. What are we going to do?
Is it his book?
Is it her book?
Is it your book?
Each language has its own personality and character.
Do you think that these glasses look good on me?
Do you think these glasses look good on me?
Those glasses look good on you.
I don't really understand your question.
Tom hardly spoke any French when I first met him.
I didn't drink that much.
Tom decided to stay up until Mary got home.
I need a larger envelope.
I wanted to see Tom smile.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
Love and hate are both strong emotions.
Tom was playing golf that morning.
How many hippopotamuses did you see today?
How many hippopotami did you see today?
How many hippos did you see today?
I don't want to compete with anyone.
I wish that I hadn't taken the bus.
I wish that I could wait longer.
Tom's parents usually speak French to each other.
I need to buy some sugar.
I want Tom to forgive Mary for what she did.
I really like basketball.
I wanted to talk with Tom.
I started to learn French in junior high school.
I didn't give him money.
He ate a honeyed fig.
I brought you these delicious honeyed figs.
He ate another honeyed fig.
April is the cruelest month.
He's finally meeting his Algerian girlfriend tonight.
He offered to teach her Berber.
Where did you get an idea like that?
He got his job back.
He's a divorce lawyer.
He told her to go to hell.
Are these the exact words he used?
He has leverage.
He still needs her because she has leverage.
He made her senior partner.
He has so much leverage.
He tried to get his job back.
He's trying to get his job back.
He wants his job back.
He's making tough decisions.
He made a tough decision.
He doesn't deserve to work here.
He will never find another job like this one.
He's got a bright future.
He managed to get his job back.
He offered her her job back.
He was forced to make that decision.
She met an incredibly sexy Algerian guy.
She left him a Kabyle bracelet.
She was from Algeria.
He left of his own volition.
You speak Berber, don't you?
This is Berber.
"He speaks Berber." "Yes, that's Berber."
Say it in Berber!
Algerian families are very close.
He got off the plane.
I felt something was wrong with her.
Don't tell me you forgot to buy them a gift.
Read the card.
Please read the card.
He gave her my gift.
He opened his own dental office.
He has a private practice.
This is his office.
He called his agent.
How could I say this without hurting his feelings?
Malaysia borders Indonesia.
It is on your desk.
The dictionary is on your desk.
The book is on your desk.
The bottle is on your desk.
The computer is on your desk.
The laptop is on your desk.
The smartphone is on your desk.
The phone is your desk.
The cup of coffee is on your desk.
The cup of tea is on your desk.
The DVD is on your desk.
The iPhone is on your desk.
How many offices do you have?
They're headquartered in Algiers.
He opened a new office in Algiers.
He only has one client.
He lost his clients.
He lost his office.
He lost his business.
He lost his smartphone.
He lost his iPhone.
He lost his laptop.
He lost his gloves.
His client is happy.
His client is satisfied.
He has a new client.
He's a law student.
They had great sex.
He's the hero who found her cat.
He's the hero who rescued her cat.
He's the hero who rescued her hamster.
He's the hero who found her hamster.
He's the hero who found her dog.
He's the hero who rescued her dog.
He's the hero who found her rabbit.
He's the hero who rescued her rabbit.
She lives in Britain.
A leopard doesn't change its spots.
If you don't show fealty to the crown then your lands will be pillaged.
He and his father swore fealty to Edward I of England.
In spite of their oaths, signatures, and protestations of fealty, there slumbered in each Britisher's heart a flickering hope for a return of England's sovereignty.
Will they demand our fealty to a man such as this?
They demonstrate fealty by going deep into debt during college.
His fealty to the Constitution is essential.
Do candidates have to display fealty to the party's cultural catechism?
He received oaths of fealty from all his humbled adversaries.
Maybe he will swear fealty to the king and become a good guy!
He shows fealty toward the fusionist vision.
All people are born equal.
All human beings are born equal.
This is not his handwriting.
Karim is my chosen Muslim name.
He was not a Muslim.
Nothing caused him to question his Muslim heritage.
He never was a Muslim.
Faithfulness pays.
He never really embraced Islam.
A Muslim should love for the other what he loves for himself.
Muslims believe in Jesus as a prophet.
Muslims believe in Jesus, peace be upon him, as a prophet.
What attracted you to Islam?
He liked Islam.
He heard the word "Islam."
"What are you reading?" "The Quran."
Can I listen to the Quran?
This is a book about the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims believe in the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
He brought me the Quran.
He brought me a copy of the Quran.
I had a sincere intention to read the Quran.
He took me to an Islamic store.
He walked into an Islamic store.
He was going to this mosque.
He went to an Islamic store.
He bought a copy of the Quran from an Islamic store.
Where can I find a copy of the Quran?
Where can I get a copy of the Quran?
Where can I buy a copy of the Quran?
Get yourself a copy of the Quran.
I'm learning the Berber language and I love it.
He converted to Islam on April 4, 2004.
He went to the mosque to watch Muslims pray.
He quickly explained me the religion of Islam.
Take the shahada now.
What's your favorite verse of the Quran?
The Al-Aqsa Mosque is important to Muslims.
They're my fellow Muslims.
They organized an iftar event for converts on the first day of Ramadan.
We broke the fast at six o'clock.
He told me a lot about Islam.
He kept in touch with the imam.
He joined the Berber language class.
He has been attending the Berber language class regularly.
Do you do Berber lessons?
He does Berber lessons.
He has a Berber workbook.
He missed a lot of Berber lessons.
He explained it in Berber.
This gradual rise is not a sharp upturn.
In an upturn, the proportion of children eligible for free school meals falls.
The sharp upturn in design activity is encouraging.
My life has improved since embracing Islam.
They travelled north with a desire to continue their recent upturn in fortunes.
It allowed for an upturn of sales by percent.
Before he was a Muslim, he never had any ties with his family.
Ties of kinship are very important in Islam.
It is seeing economic upturn outside of the Northwest that makes them want to leave.
The brim of the fedora measures approximately 1/inches with a slight upturn.
Go and read the Quran.
The upturn began after the president committed to do whatever it takes to hold the Union together.
Go and read about Islam.
You'll often see a sales upturn after returning to the full price.
Islam is a perfect religion.
They experienced an upturn in fortunes when Tom arrived.
Islam forbids alcohol.
Islam forbids drugs.
Islam forbids smoking.
Islam forbids pork.
Islam forbids fornication.
Islam forbids wine.
Islam forbids adultery.
Islam forbids stealing.
Islam forbids theft.
He found out about Islam when he was in college.
That's when I first learned about God.
That's when I first learned about Islam.
He is from a Muslim family.
He left his home in Algiers and went to live in Skikda.
He went to play soccer in Algiers.
His brother became a Muslim.
He came from a Muslim family.
His wife came from a Muslim family.
What do you believe about Jesus?
He doesn't believe that Jesus is God.
He's Muslim and a lot of the things he says make a lot of sense.
She can't marry a person who's not Muslim.
He can't marry a woman who's not Muslim.
He went on a Muslim website and started reading about Islam.
He went on an Islamic website and started reading about Islam.
He was leaning towards Islam.
Islam and Judaism are very similar.
Islam and Christianity are very similar.
The Bible has different versions.
He started reading about the Quran.
Christians believe that Jesus is God.
As Christians, we believe that Jesus is God.
He says he can't believe that Jesus is God.
I can't believe every single thing that's in the Bible.
He is already a Muslim.
He has just become a Muslim.
He's now a Muslim.
He always referred to the Quran.
They're now Muslim.
I need to hear more about Islam.
He went back to the mosque on his own.
He was hooked on learning about Islam.
He went to school with people who were Muslim.
Why didn't they tell me about Islam?
His mom became a Muslim.
His cousin became a Muslim.
Islam i a religion.
You need to come with me to the mosque.
He gave him a Quran.
He has become Muslim. Aren't you scared?
He got wind that his son became Muslim.
One of his closest friends became Muslim.
His best friend became Muslim.
His friend became Muslim.
Ramadan came.
He hasn't said the shahada yet.
He opened a mosque in London.
He runs a mosque in London.
Is the text ready to print?
Is the text ready for print?
He started learning more and more about Islam.
Is the text ready for printing?
He decided to turn to God.
She became a Muslim.
He grew his beard.
He's praying in the corner.
She learned more about Islam.
He ordered halal food.
He asked for halal food.
He told them about Islam and they liked that.
They had a lot of misconceptions about Islam.
He was going to the mosque less and less.
He didn't know I was fasting.
He carried on fasting.
Has she invited you?
Did she invite you?
There is a large Muslim community in Thailand.
He can't go to the mosque.
What is that exactly?
This life is a test.
You need to learn more about Islam.
He still goes to the mosque with his friends.
He still goes to that mosque.
What was the first chapter of the Quran you memorized?
He thanked her very politely and quickly left.
He couldn't teach them the Quran.
He asked God to guide him.
Put Islam first.
Always put Islam first.
She became invisible.
I need Friday because I go to the mosque.
Prioritize Islam before anything else.
I ask God to forgive me for my sins.
He converted to Islam when he was years of age.
Have you salted the soup?
They came to Algeria.
He headed to Algiers.
Did you salt the soup?
All the guests came with gifts.
Why isn't the train leaving?
He jumped on a train and went to Algiers.
The clothing store was run by Algerians.
The Islamic shop was run by Algerians.
He met his future wife in Algiers.
He wasn't learning about Islam.
He learned nothing about Islam.
They both moved to Algeria.
They met near the Algerian embassy.
I'm from Algiers.
He wrote a book on Algeria.
In this book, Islam is painted as terrorism.
Why is Islam being blamed?
He never believed in God.
He was baptized a Methodist.
He was introduced to the imam.
Do you want a fizzy drink?
The book gives a brief explanation about Islam.
They never said anything derogatory about Islam.
I don't believe in racism.
Islam is a religion of God.
He can't be a Muslim.
The journey is cheaper by bike.
His mother is not a Muslim.
His mother is not Muslim.
They never accepted Islam.
They have questions about Islam.
Why don't you want to go back to Algeria?
He doesn't want to kill Muslims.
He knows she hates Muslims.
The wind is blowing, and the flags are fluttering.
He doesn't want his family around Muslims.
The wind blows and the flags flutter.
He was raised with Islamic values.
His mother was fairly religious in Islam.
They took their shahada.
Oh my God, it's a trainwreck!
At that point of his life, America was his religion.
I'm going back to Algeria.
I'll always be a Muslim.
He had hatred against Muslims.
They killed innocent Muslims.
They killed hundreds of innocent Muslims.
Islam is their common enemy.
He was called a terrorist.
She was dressed like a Muslim woman.
They're not born racists.
We just have to wait for the dust to settle.
He went to the Islamic center.
I want you to teach me about Islam.
Is Islam too complicated to teach?
He took her to the Islamic library.
"Have you ever read the Quran?" "No."
He wanted to learn a little bit more about Islam.
Everybody who knew him knew that he did not like Muslims.
He knows they hate Muslims.
Islam really opened my heart.
Islam filled me with love.
As a Muslim, you have to believe in the Quran.
Al-Qaida and ISIS members don't speak for Islam.
I wanna take shahada.
Are you sure you want to take shahada?
As a Muslim, I'm totally against that.
Does he know you're Muslim?
I took shahada.
Several rivers burst their banks.
He began to stare at the ceiling.
Life's what you make it.
She spent some time in Algeria.
They arrived in Portugal this morning.
Even in winter she kicks off her duvet.
This duvet set is made from fibre-dyed cotton.
He pulls up the duvet.
Weather like this tempts me to have a duvet day.
The smell was there before you washed the duvet.
I never used a flat sheet; I just used the duvet.
Each baby would get a duvet cover.
If you get a California king bed, duvet covers become more expensive.
The duvet cover has a hidden button closure.
We do not supply duvet covers.
He became the president of the Islamic center.
This method makes it possible to measure the distance between two trees with outstanding precision.
Everything was in Berber.
I didn't speak any Berber at the time.
He's asking for you.
He's asking after you.
He's enquiring after you.
He's asking about you.
His new novel is supposed to be based on personal experience.
His new novel is said to be based on personal experience.
I'd been warned not to do that.
Tom taught me how to introduce myself in French.
I really like doing that.
I wanted Tom to buy Mary a birthday present.
I really like this beach.
Tom actually did say that.
I didn't understand what the man said in French.
I am beside myself!
I wanted Tom to buy a birthday present for Mary.
I think that we've run out of gas.
I think that we'll never know why.
I think that maybe I can help you.
I really think that it's possible.
He's gay.
I think that I owe you some money.
I think that we made a wrong turn.
I think that you misunderstood me.
I think that I'm going to be late.
I think that you'll be happy here.
I got everything that I asked for.
He showed his greatness so many times!
My French is OK.
I wanted Tom to come get me.
How much butter do you need?
Mary quit her full-time job to take care of her children.
How much money did you find?
Tom is fluent in both French and English.
I am not prepared to let her get away with that.
I'd never break a promise.
I like science fiction movies.
What's the best way to become fluent in French?
I think that I've sprained my back.
I haven't even considered that.
I think that you look really great.
I think everything's fine for now.
I think that everything's fine for now.
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I hear that you married a rich man.
I didn't think that that was funny.
I see you bought candles.
I got a good grade on my French test.
I wanted Tom to cook dinner.
How much money will it cost?
Tom and Mary have been through some tough times together.
How much money will we need?
Sweden had a chance to win the World Ice Hockey Championships, but they failed in the final in Bratislava.
Islam and the Quran order hands to be cut off for theft.
Does God really command Muslims to kill non-Muslims?
Why does the Quran say that infidels should be killed?
On October 2019, Islamic Algerian authorities sealed Church Tafath, serving congregants at the time of closure.
They closed this entire length of coastline.
Algerian beaches need to be kept safe.
Algerian beaches need to be kept clean.
You need to hold this venomous fish from underneath.
There is a spider around here.
The spider was behind the sun visor.
He headed off to Algiers.
I wanted Tom to stay longer.
How much will that cost you?
Tom is convinced Mary is the one that stole his clarinet.
Tom is convinced that Mary is the one that stole his clarinet.
How often do you play chess?
Tom can't speak French fluently.
This is a territorial animal.
Lions are territorial animals.
Lions can kill people.
Hippos can be very aggressive.
Rhinos can kill people.
Crocodiles can kill people.
Alligators can kill people.
Bears can kill people.
Grizzly bears can kill people.
Sharks can kill people.
Don't swim straight after eating.
Spiders can kill people.
The spider drowned in the swimming pool.
Scorpions can kill people.
Elephants can kill people.
Hornets can kill people.
Wasps can kill people.
Bees can kill people.
Jellyfish can kill people.
Tigers can kill people.
Snakes can kill people.
Rattlesnakes can kill people.
Tarantulas can kill people.
Tarantulas aren't naturally aggressive unless threatened.
I hope that you don't get homesick.
Tarantulas aren't naturally aggressive.
The spider is not dead.
I think that I'm going to be fired.
I knew that you'd get into trouble.
Gators can kill people.
I heard somebody slam the door.
I hope that I have time to do that.
Buffaloes can kill people.
Buffalo can kill people.
Leopards can kill people.
Mountain lions can attack people.
Bears can attack people.
Lions can attack and kill people.
I hope that something happens soon.
I promised that I wouldn't be late.
I think that I can find your house.
I think that everything will be OK.
The gator was coming straight at us.
I guess that I was kind of shocked.
The gator swam away.
I didn't know that it would matter.
His shoulder was dislocated.
Crocodiles can prove lethal.
Hippos can prove lethal.
Rhinos can prove lethal.
Buffalo can prove lethal.
The crocodile started swimming towards him.
I didn't know you would come back.
The crocodile came straight at him.
I didn't know that you would come back.
I didn't know you had come back.
I didn't know that you had come back.
How many of you can speak French?
I didn't think that you'd be first.
I didn't think that you'd be ready.
I didn't think that you'd buy that.
I haven't been a teacher very long.
I haven't been a teacher for very long.
He's planning to do some spear fishing in Skikda.
I hope that you don't make me wait.
I knew that you wouldn't back down.
I knew that you wouldn't be afraid.
I knew that you'd agree to do that.
I knew that you'd do what we asked.
I knew that you'd have enough time.
I know that we can do that for you.
I suggest that you do that quickly.
I think that I could still do that.
I think that that'll be easy to do.
I think that you're pulling my leg.
The hippo is Africa's most deadly animal.
Hippos can be a deadly threat.
Lions can be a deadly threat.
Elephants can be a deadly threat.
Sharks can be a deadly threat.
Rhinos can be a deadly threat.
Crocodiles can be a deadly threat.
Gators can be a deadly threat.
Alligators can be a deadly threat.
Bears can be a deadly threat.
Tigers can be a deadly threat.
Leopards can be a deadly threat.
Grizzly bears can be a deadly threat.
Polar bears can be a deadly threat.
Hippos can be extremely aggressive.
I think that you're too old for me.
He was sitting in the cafe.
He was sitting in the pub.
He was sitting in the bar.
He was sitting in the classroom.
He was sitting in the cafeteria.
He was sitting in the office.
He was sitting in the waiting room.
He was sitting in the room.
He was sitting in the living room.
He was sitting in the garden.
I wasn't sure that you'd like that.
I hope that this is the right road.
We don't hear many people speaking French here.
Tom later discovered that what Mary had told him was a lie.
I can't let you do that now.
I wanted Tom to work harder.
Tom speaks several languages, including French.
How quickly can you do that?
I wanted Tom to wait for us.
Tom later discovered what Mary had told him was a lie.
I'd never do it.
I'm not having it.
I always knew that I could do that.
I believe that that'll happen soon.
I didn't think that I had a choice.
I didn't think that you were awake.
I didn't think that you'd be alone.
I didn't think that you'd be early.
We're both from Algeria.
I guess that we'll have to do that.
I hope that it won't rain tomorrow.
I hope tomorrow isn't too bad.
I hope that tomorrow isn't too bad.
I hope that you can do that for me.
Male gorillas are compact and powerful creatures.
I hope that you can do that for us.
I knew that I'd be able to do that.
The collision killed the engine.
The chimp bolted off.
I know you're not really busy.
Suddenly, the chimp bolted off.
I know that you're not really busy.
I said that I was going to do that.
The tiger bit into Salas's neck vertebrae, forcing them apart.
We scared the tiger off.
The tiger moved back.
I swear that I won't do that again.
You didn't wash your hands.
I think that I may want to do that.
I think that I'll do that tomorrow.
I think that it might rain tonight.
He lives just south of Algiers.
He lives just north of Mila.
I wasn't sure that I could do that.
I wish that I hadn't drunk so much.
I wish that I hadn't eaten so much.
I don't believe that you can do it.
I think that doing that would help.
Bullfights are still held in Spain and Mexico.
He was eaten alive by wide animals.
I suspect that you won't need that.
I wish that I knew what to do next.
I hope that no one steals my stuff.
I hope that nobody steals my stuff.
I said that I thought it was funny.
I think that you looked ridiculous.
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.
I wish that I could stop shivering.
I was pretty motivated to learn French.
Tom didn't have time to do everything that Mary asked him to.
I didn't expect that at all.
I wanted to ask Tom a favor.
I didn't expect to see that.
Tom is convinced that Mary is the one who stole his clarinet.
Tom is convinced Mary is the one who stole his clarinet.
Coyotes can be extremely aggressive.
Wolves can be extremely aggressive.
Bulls can be extremely aggressive.
Buffaloes can be extremely aggressive.
Buffalo can be extremely aggressive.
Rhinos can be extremely aggressive.
Elephants can be extremely aggressive.
Cougars can be extremely aggressive.
Mountain lions can be extremely aggressive.
Chimps can be extremely aggressive.
Tigers can be extremely aggressive.
Bears can be extremely aggressive.
Grizzly bears can be extremely aggressive.
Polar bears can be extremely aggressive.
Lions can be extremely aggressive.
Wolverines can be extremely aggressive.
Funnel-web spiders can be extremely aggressive.
Warthogs can be extremely aggressive.
He shot the lion.
He shot the bear.
He shot the crocodile.
He shot the tiger.
He shot the cougar.
He saw the coyote coming at him.
He saw the crocodile coming at him.
He saw the buffalo coming at him.
Pumas can be extremely aggressive.
Cougars are powerful animals.
Lions are powerful animals.
The cougar pounced.
The lion pounced.
The tiger pounced.
Lions can attack humans.
Cougars can attack humans.
A cougar can kill an adult man.
The cougar was shot.
Cougars are gorgeous animals.
I have a lot of respect for cougars.
Don't allow anger to grow and fester in your heart.
Time only allows the suspicion of injustice to fester.
This will create a lovely place for rot to live, fester and raise its ugly head.
Such beliefs will be left to fester.
Frustration will fester at the kingdom.
The deadly biohazards fester in the DNA of the plants and animals.
Does a dream deferred fester like a sore?
The problem should not be allowed to fester.
My wounds fester and are loathsome.
If I kept it in, it would only fester inside of me.
I hope next time will be better than last time.
I hope next time is better than last time.
I hope next time's better than last time.
It's best not to dwell upon the past too much.
I wanted to ask Tom a favour.
As another of our friends has said, translation is not about replacing one language with others. Translation will, on the contrary, help the language to enter the scientific field so that it can be promoted again and again. We should open our eyes: there is a huge difference between a translated language, which can be adopted, and an orphaned language whose mere diffusion would constrain it, even if that were not the original intention.
Children love secrets and they love to tell them.
Hail Satan!
You're a self-inflated jerk.
You're a self-inflated arrogant jackass.
You're a self-inflated arrogant asshole.
You're a self-inflated arrogant dickhole.
You're a self-inflated arrogant butthole.
You're a self-inflated arrogant son of a bitch.
I haven't been given any work yet.
You're a self-inflated arrogant jerk.
You're a self-inflated arrogant motherfucker.
You're a self-inflated arrogant twat.
You're a self-inflated arrogant dick.
You're a self-inflated arrogant bitch.
You're a self-inflated arrogant prick.
That way we kill two birds with one stone.
The scanner is separated into reading head and decoder base.
There is no suitable decoder for this video format.
A CTCSS decoder is being used on the receiver.
You can smoke a decoder if you are not careful.
I have uploaded the latest channel list to the decoder.
The dual input decoder will have to go.
It is the best H.encoder and decoder.
The decoder follows GStreamer standards.
Motor cogging might burn up the decoder.
A packet of size forces the decoder to finish.
He has a tattoo studio.
He brought something back from Algeria.
The dog wouldn't smell anything.
What right have you to criticize me?
Would you like to try doing that?
My dream is to visit France and Germany.
Where are you? I can't see you.
This is a bottle of wine.
Call Disk Gás and ask for a new cylinder.
Where is the meeting?
I want to be able to see you every day.
No one said anything about politics.
I like these shoes.
Your family is big.
You're mixing up cause and effect.
I prefer to shop at the supermarket.
Use this function to calculate square roots.
Speak slowly and use short words.
I hope we can clear this up quickly and quietly.
Is this restaurant expensive?
Yes, I understand you.
"Are we going to the movies tonight?" "No, I'd rather go tomorrow. I'd like to watch TV tonight.."
Are we going to the movies tonight?
Should we go go the movies tonight?
He had to recognize that neither of his translations were perfect.
Do black holes exist?
The translation is faithful to the original.
Mary's fury didn't have anything to do with you.
Mary doesn't talk for the sake of talking.
When you meet Mary, you'll be surprised.
You shouldn't treat anyone like that.
Have more respect for your elders.
Have more consideration towards your elders.
Sleep on it.
Are you going to sleep on it?
Don't sleep on it.
Mary's attitude leaves much to be desired.
I've met up with Mary for dinner.
"What is your aunts' nationality?" "Portuguese."
Mary can only trust us.
Mary should only trust us.
I consider Mary my best friend.
Only to Mary could something like this have happened.
This, Mary has to see!
Are they always the same?
But what is it?
Mary isn't contributing as much anymore as she did before.
Mary isn't contributing as much now as before.
He spoke much, yet said nothing.
She spoke much, yet said nothing.
It seems like a joke in bad taste.
They don't want to go to Germany.
You all don't want to go to Germany.
The only thing we do is follow Mary.
Send the address to Mary.
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in less than three minutes.
I can't agree with Mary.
Mary is comparing prices on the internet.
Mary is comparing prices online.
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in about three minutes.
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in a little more than three minutes.
Mary's face was unforgettable.
Mary's expression was unforgettable.
Mary told me that her brother had seen her drunk neighbor, trying to open our house window with a guitar pick at some ridiculous hour of the night.
Mary likes technopop with very fast, complex, and changing melodies.
Mary tends to listen to music that isn't well-known.
Mary tends to listen to underground music.
The music that Mary listens to is very syncopated and unpredictable.
Mary and her team celebrated the victory with a bottle of excellent French champagne.
I found rose petals between the pages of Mary's book.
Tom began teaching Mary French three years ago.
You shouldn't leave the house.
I couldn't believe Tom did that.
I couldn't believe that Tom did that.
Would you like to go shopping?
I asked Tom to leave right away.
I heard some people speaking French on the bus.
Well, to me whatever Mary said or didn't say doesn't matter.
I said that I knew what to do next.
I said I knew what to do next.
It doesn't matter to me what Tom said.
Mary and Tom were in agreement.
Mary and Tom ran into one another.
Tom and Mary ran into each other.
Tom and Mary ran into each other at the station.
Mary is an aviator.
Marie will be hungry.
Marie might be hungry.
I acclimated myself to the hot weather.
I met a man that knows Tom.
I met a man who knows Tom.
I couldn't speak French when I first got there.
I wasn't able to speak French when I first got there.
I asked Tom to air out the room.
Why didn't anyone do anything?
Tom should've explained that to Mary in French.
I didn't expect Tom to be able to speak French.
When was this article written?
Why don't you want Tom to know?
When did you start doing this?
Tom spent all day in the woods.
I dated a girl in high school who spoke French.
I hope that you had a wonderful day.
I noticed that I was being observed.
Tom spends all his free time studying French.
When did this start happening?
Tom isn't able to feed himself.
What do you do in the evening?
Tom hasn't dealt with that yet.
What did your lawyer tell you?
Tom has done something similar.
We almost never speak to each other in French.
"Let's eat there again." "How about tonight?" "Tonight it is."
I noticed on your Facebook page that you and Salas are still married.
"Is it too late to say I'm sorry?" "It's never too late."
They poured hot water on his genitals.
"We were too much in love." "Yes, that we were."
Salas is her ex-husband and Yidir is her next husband.
When she sneezed, her boobs popped out.
I wanna be at home at four o'clock for the series finale.
He likes screaming orgasms.
She gave him a screaming organsm.
"Good morning, sir. You probably don't remember me." "Of course I remember you. You were one of my best students."
He needs to overcome his fear of spiders.
My pie, please.
My cake, please.
My juice, please.
My coffee, please.
My tea, please.
My peanuts, please.
My hot chocolate, please.
My milk, please.
My beer, please.
"I converted to Islam." "What? Oh, my God!" "Relax. It's still me and I'm still your friend!"
Where are my teeth?
Where are my pills?
Where's my walking stick?
Where's my newspaper?
Where's my scarf?
"You slept with my sister." "Yeah, and tonight I'm gonna double with your mom."
They went to a swanky hotel.
The blanket is scratchy.
"Separatist" is such an ugly word.
We've located it.
We'll all miss him.
Salas and Skura are both from Algeria.
This man was an important part of your life. You need to go to his funeral.
Of course I like basketball.
Of course I like baseball.
Of course I like soccer.
Of course I like handball.
Of course I like volleyball.
Of course I like football.
Of course I like tennis.
Of course I like golf.
Of course I like fishing.
Of course I like spear fishing.
Of course I like hunting.
Of course I like boxing.
Of course I like karate.
Of course I like judo.
Of course I like ballet.
Of course I like bungee jumping.
Of course I like shooting.
I wouldn't say no to a pizza.
I wouldn't say no to a drink.
A vasectomy is a life-changing decision.
He has called every teacher he knows.
He has called every doctor he knows.
He has called every dentist he knows.
He has called every lawyer he knows.
He has called every attorney he knows.
This is something he has dreamed of all his life.
I need you to move this table to make a little room here.
You lying coward!
You lying bitch!
You lying son of a bitch!
You lying asshole!
You lying prick!
You lying dickhead!
He had a tattoo on his arm.
He had a tattoo on his chest.
He had a tattoo on his neck.
A friend can also be a bitch.
A friend can also be a son of a bitch.
A friend can also be a dickhole.
A friend can also be a jerk.
She fakes her orgasms with him.
She sometimes fakes her orgasms.
She faked her orgasms.
I know you have been faking orgasms with me.
I know you have been faking your orgasms with me.
She has been faking her orgasms with you.
Why is she faking her orgasms?
Do you fake your orgasms?
Do you fake your orgasms with me?
You are an idiot.
You are a jerk.
You're a son of a bitch.
You're a dickhole.
You're an asshole.
You're a butthole.
You're a dickhead.
You're a shithead.
You're a dick.
You're a twat.
A friend can be an asshole.
She faked her orgasm.
The church is affiliated with the Protestant Church of Algeria, an umbrella organization for Protestant churches.
We finished with a curl of orange peel.
Her face made me think of a pickled herring in curl papers.
Stroke lashes upwards to boost curl.
The legs will curl up.
The bonspiel was for people who curl competitively.
Were you at the school yesterday?
On October 2019, two other churches affiliated to the Protestant Church of Algeria were closed in northern Algeria.
Did you go to the school yesterday?
One church, located in Makouda, was scheduled for closure on that day.
Congregants filled the church in peaceful protest against the decision of the authorities.
I am Bikolano.
We had different technologies to unify.
The company shares stories that unify its values.
Why did they unify their development tools?
They are trying to unify the school's message.
Align yourself with the Will to Unify...
The tramcars unify the city.
The organizations were able to unify all members.
He will be fighting to unify the titles.
Tom intends to join a political party.
Friends of my friends, are also my friends.
Tonight I'll make dinner.
Record all of it.
This is a bow.
Those new rules were more of hindrance than of help.
This app is not up to date.
Antwerp is a city in Belgium.
Fog on the mountains, rain in the valley.
The sand on the beach is scalding.
What does the word "next" mean?
Will you help me, or not?
What is your stepmother's name?
She is dying.
I saw my friend yesterday.
Unfortunately, we don't have more.
In the kitchen.
He saved him at the cost of his own life.
It's not at all easy to master French.
He set out for a Sunday jaunt.
We enjoy a jaunt to the wonderful, waterfront city of Portsmouth.
We recommend you book this spectacular castle jaunt.
A jaunt on an airboard can be sampled.
He took a brief jaunt working in construction.
They watched the runner's triumphant jaunt across the finish line.
Enjoy a shopping jaunt in Positano.
Take a jaunt through the Lower East Side.
It is a little jaunt of miles.
I will be taking a weekend food jaunt down to Portland.
Do you still remember the name of your first teacher?
Do you still remember what your first teacher was called?
Why did he go there?
Why did he drive there?
What can it be compared with?
What can it be likened to?
The river has a fast-moving current.
No-one else has seen that woman.
It would be better if that happened later.
Which station are you at?
Why aren't you sleeping at home?
This house is almost seventy years old.
This white coat looks good on you.
That white coat suits you very well.
She rang me in the middle of the night.
She called me in the middle of the night.
That's a completely natural reaction.
It's an entirely natural reaction.
It's in the dictionary.
The farmers must be pleased to hear that.
They talk a lot.
They talk a great deal.
Mum, there's no toilet paper left!
The patient is on the road to recovery.
Your book is on the table.
Your book's lying on the table.
Do you live here alone?
For lunch, it was mostly just stew.
She's watering the garden.
She waters the garden.
There used to be meat only on Sunday.
They got married in September.
They married in September.
What did you find there?
Tom told me where he had hidden the gold coins.
Having observed humanity for a while, the aliens simply flew on, shaking their heads.
Which language has the most complicated grammar?
The story was predictable, but enchanting nonetheless.
They need a vacation.
He'll soon be home.
He'll be home soon.
He'll come home soon.
I constantly dissuade children from reading novels.
This squirrel was like millions of others, but it became my friend, and now it's like no other in the world.
Do you like chocolate pudding with whipped cream?
He plays the violin well.
"Have you ever been stung by a wasp?" "Yes – once, as a child."
The train will arrive at any moment.
The train will arrive any minute.
The train will arrive any second.
Could we aspire to a more peaceful world if everyone had their whole lives mandatorily recorded by the government? Would it deter criminals and eliminate crime? Would we at last be able to walk at night anywhere without fear?
Several rivers overflowed.
The river burst its banks and swept the vehicles away.
The river's got a fast-moving current.
There’s a familiar trend of fast food chains like KFC and Burger King entering developing countries, where citizens start to see obesity rates increase amid all the new junk food options.
More Vietnamese citizens are looking for food products that are healthful.
More Vietnamese citizens are looking for food products that are healthful -- only to end up with products that are anything but that.
The problem is not that Vietnamese are eating large amounts of candy and ice cream. Instead, they’re buying products like fruit juices and yogurt, not realizing that all the added sugar may outweigh the health benefits of the fruit.
Products are packaged in labels that appeal to citizens’ health goals.
This is part of a broader change across Vietnam, where companies are selling more ready-to-eat meals and processed foods to citizens who used to buy vegetables and eggs directly from farms.
The change is leading to obvious business opportunities.
The Nutifood Nutrition Food Joint Stock Company recently got an expected debt rating of B+ from Fitch Ratings, which predicts the company will profit from more Vietnamese buying health foods.
Today however, obesity is a bigger problem than undernourishment, having increased percent from to -- the highest in Southeast Asia.
Vietnamese citizens are increasingly replacing their fruit with juice, not realizing that all the added sugar contained in juices could outweigh health benefits.
Companies like Pepsi and McDonald’s have tried to put the focus on exercise, rather than diet, for good health.
Naturally active lifestyles are decreasing in Vietnam, as people move from the countryside to the cities, and from hard labor to office jobs.
Citizens often get on their motorbikes to drive just one block.
Walking in the cities, with 100-degree weather and few sidewalks, is hard.
Citizens use new Uber-like services to have drinks or meals delivered.
Researchers agree exercise and diet are both important, but the latter has a bigger impact on health.
It is one thing to eat unhealthful food, while not caring about the effects. It is quite another thing to eat unhealthful food, however, because one thinks it’s nutritional.
The growing health concern in Vietnam has to do with not just nutrition, but also air pollution, water quality, and clean supply chains.
A Nielsen survey showed health became the top concern of Vietnamese citizens in the second quarter, surpassing job security, cost of living, and work-life balance.
The South Pole’s ozone hole is currently the smallest on record since it was first detected in the 1980s, according to NASA.
“That’s really good news,” NASA scientist Paul Newman said. “That means more ozone over the hemisphere, less ultraviolet radiation at the surface.”
Ozone in the stratosphere absorbs some of the sun’s harmful ultraviolet radiation.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause skin cancer, cataracts, suppress immune systems and damage plants.
In a world where everyone’s life was recorded, no one would ever lose their car key… If you forgot where you dropped it, you would just play the recording and voilà!
“It’s important to recognize that what we’re seeing this year is due to warmer stratospheric temperatures,” Newman said. “It’s not a sign that atmospheric ozone is suddenly on a fast track to recovery.”
Chlorine in the air needs cold temperatures in the stratosphere and clouds to convert into a form of the chemical that eats ozone, Newman said. The clouds go away when it warms up.
Man-made chlorine compounds, which can last in the air for years, damage the ozone, creating a gap.
The international Montreal Protocol banned many of the chlorine compounds used in refrigerants and aerosols, like hairspray, to lessen the damage. Since then, the size of the ozone hole has slowly declined but remains large enough to produce significant ozone loss.
Scientists project the Antarctic ozone to recover back to its level around 2070.
A major pharmaceutical company and three of the biggest drug distributors in the U.S. have reached a $million settlement with two counties in Ohio to avoid a trial over their role in the deadly opioid addiction crisis gripping America.
Creativity is ubiquitous.
Recording technologies are ubiquitous whether they are Facebook, countless security cameras, or smartphones with GPS. As a society, the time has come to make a decision: Do we allow this or not?
I'll take the more expensive one.
I wanted to go out with Tom.
I didn't feel safe anywhere.
I wanted to do that for Tom.
I don't care who's watching.
Tom later discovered that what Mary had told him wasn't true.
Tom later discovered what Mary had told him wasn't true.
I haven't called the police.
Tom speaks three languages, including French.
I'd rather have the more expensive one.
I'll buy the more expensive one.
I'll buy the most expensive one.
I think that I'll buy the cheapest one.
I think I'll buy the cheapest one.
I think that I'll buy the cheaper one.
I think I'll buy the cheaper one.
I have a son and I also have a daughter.
Tom has a son and so do I.
Tom has a son and I do, too.
I have a daughter, too.
I like your dance moves.
I need to translate this document.
I bought a magazine to read on the train.
I try to never say bad things about other people.
I guess that I have nothing to lose.
I opened the box and it was empty.
I suppose you've heard of it.
I suppose that you've heard of it.
I didn't know who the woman was.
I got your name from a friend.
I took a walk in the park.
I can type very fast.
I hope that I sing better next time.
I'd like to exchange money.
I know that boy who's singing.
I needed a new pen, so I bought one.
I bought this bicycle for three hundred dollars.
I think that I have a gum infection.
I spent a lot of money on clothes.
I walked along Park Street.
I hope that nobody saw me break the window.
I hope nobody saw me break the window.
I hope that no one saw me break the window.
I hope no one saw me break the window.
I really respect my teacher a lot.
I didn't get to school on time.
I don't have any money with me right now.
I finally finished the test.
I don't really like green peppers very much.
I wanted to make a lot of money.
I bet three hundred dollars on that horse.
What I wanted to drink was white wine, not red wine.
I got this car for a good price.
I didn't know how to do this until Tom showed me.
I like reading novels in French.
I had a good time yesterday evening.
This is one of the shirts my mother made for me.
This is one of the shirts that my mother made for me.
I'll be arriving at 2:30.
I think that I should do it for you.
I think that we're out of your size.
I can't stand that woman.
I heard a nightingale.
I hope you'll answer me soon.
It's not only sports that I like, I like music, too.
It's not only sports that I like, I also like music.
It's not only sports I like, I also like music.
It's not only sports I like, I like music, too.
I'd like to park my car over there.
I want to buy a sports car.
I used to stay up late at night.
I think that my right arm is broken.
I'd do just about anything for you.
Teach Tom how to introduce himself in French.
I know where you want to go.
Tom showed Mary the note he found under his windshield wiper.
Tom showed Mary the note that he found under his windshield wiper.
I really enjoy playing golf.
I wanted to name my son Tom.
I really enjoyed doing this.
Several people in our office can speak French.
I wasn't able to grow a mustache yet.
I'm not able to grow a mustache yet.
I didn't do anything unethical.
Tom doesn't speak French, but his parents do.
I think that it can be done.
I wanted to sit next to Tom.
I don't have a lot of support.
I'd been incarcerated before.
I hope that I made it clear for you.
I hope that you'll enjoy your leave.
I knew that I wanted to play better.
I knew that it was you all the time.
I know that it's an amazing feeling.
I like the options that I have here.
I phoned my mother to say goodbye.
I remember that the plane was empty.
I think that it's a beautiful place.
I think that it's clearly justified.
I think that that's all you can ask.
I think that that's the bottom line.
I think that time is of the essence.
I think that we all know the answer.
I think that we can do it this year.
I think that we timed it just right.
I think that we're in this together.
I think that we're on the same page.
I think that you make this stuff up.
They've improved.
I think that you're being very rash.
I think that you're seriously wrong.
You can afford it.
I swore never to go back there.
I swore that I'd never go back there.
I vowed that I'd never go back there.
I swore I'd never go back there.
I vowed I'd never go back there.
It's a love story.
Tom is the hero.
Thomas, do this.
My mother is dead.
We aren't wrong.
We have no future.
What's your next project?
I, too, am an actor.
Tom is an actor, too.
How can we survive?
It's a comedy show.
That's just not the right way to do that.
They fought for us.
Tom and Mary are hypocrites.
We're competitors.
We're poor people.
People want change.
Tom mentioned a name that I'd never heard before.
Tom mentioned a name I'd never heard before.
Tom said he had one.
Tom said that he had one.
Here's what Tom said.
It's mind boggling.
Tom didn't warn us.
We don't want war.
You must surrender.
You have to surrender.
You should surrender.
We should all resign.
This is also untrue.
This seems to be what we're looking for.
Your guess was right.
This is what I like.
This is the kind of music I like.
This is the kind of music that I like.
This is the kind of food I like.
This is the kind of food that I like.
What a thing to say!
Are people listening?
Was anyone listening?
Was everyone listening?
Was everybody listening?
Why weren't you listening to me?
Why weren't you paying attention?
Why weren't you paying attention in class?
Why weren't you paying attention to what the teacher was saying?
Both of those girls are in love with you.
Those girls are both in love with you.
Everything was in place.
Everything was where is should've been.
I have always wanted to go to Algeria.
Everything was where it was supposed to be.
Nothing was out of place.
Tom told me the story.
Tom was the one who told me the story.
It's very disturbing.
What's happening is very disturbing.
Tom isn't in Boston at this time.
Tom denies it.
That's inconceivable.
They shot at us.
This is Tom's idea.
This must be stopped.
This has to be stopped.
This needs to be stopped.
We need to stop this.
It will haunt you for the rest of your life.
What's wrong with doing it that way?
The debate is over.
That's still being debated.
We're starving here.
He helped her to the bathroom.
I'd like to live in a French-speaking country.
He never gets to know a woman before he beds her.
Tom swore to Mary that he wasn't the one who stole her necklace.
I tried to go back to sleep.
I wonder where Tom did that.
I want everyone to be happy.
I want Tom to ask Mary if she's planning to go to Boston with us.
He helped her to the bed.
I wanted to help my friends.
He cooked her meals.
I wonder who'll be with Tom.
I wanted to polish my shoes.
He was up with her all night.
Tom has his own reasons for learning French.
That son of a bitch ruined her life.
I was put here to serve God.
Where you're from? I don't care.
Writing sentences about those motherfuckers helps me get all that rage off my chest.
This message is for those cocksuckers.
A friend can be a cocksucker.
I didn't appreciate the word "cocksucker."
I didn't appreciate the term "cocksucker."
You're a cocksucker.
You're an actor. So act!
He's the biggest pain in the ass that I've ever met in my life.
I saw the sadness in your eyes.
I've been thinking about the composition of your team.
I find you very attractive and a little sad.
She was extremely smart and charming.
Show us your Kabyle dress.
"What are they wearing?" "Kabyle dresses."
"There is something I wanna say." "We're listening."
"There is something I wanna say." "Make it quick."
Like you said, he's a liar.
Rin is always surprised when she sees me.
I'm a visitor.
I am a visitor.
The correction of each error is very important to learn a language perfectly.
As you ordered, Your Excellency.
By participating in discussions, one can quickly learn new words.
Vitamin C won't suppress freckle formation.
You know every freckle on my body.
I don't freckle in the sun.
Hutchinson's freckle is a lentigo composed of atypical melanocytes.
I'm a natural redhead, so I most definitely freckle.
She has a freckle on the top part of her nose.
You can get a freckle pencil.
You can see just a shadow of my lip freckle coming through.
I found a tiny freckle on my left boob.
We gazed lovingly over every freckle on her face.
Tom is just a luvvy.
Tom's just a luvvy.
The Arizona congresswoman was shot at a event in Tucson.
The congresswoman released a statement on Facebook.
At the time, the congresswoman was on the City Council.
The congresswoman seeks legislative interns for next semester.
The US congresswoman voted against entry into World War II.
I'm in the amazing company of Congresswoman Jane Smith.
This critical piece may have been overlooked by the congresswoman.
The congresswoman sent a letter to the Department of Defense.
The congresswoman worked to improve the House bill.
Thank you Congresswoman Smith for supporting outdoor recreation businesses.
People fear the strange, the unfamiliar.
People fear the strange and the unfamiliar.
The sentence was so elaborate that I did not understand immediately what it was about.
The principal was always miserly with words.
The principal was always taciturn.
Take the Kabyle dress off.
Take off your Kabyle dress.
Take your Kabyle dress off.
I beg your pardon for my conduct lately.
He's moving away from Algeria.
She lived in Algiers.
Algiers is a very nice place.
Who doesn't want to go on a holiday to Algeria?
Do you want to go to Algeria?
Why don't you go to Algeria?
I'm willing to fly to Algeria again.
He knew I was coming to Algeria.
His life has changed totally.
Is Algiers a tough place to make a living?
He lives in a Muslim society.
With every passing day, Tom understands more clearly that the bonds of marriage are a heavy burden to him.
You've conquered his heart.
They're stuck in their lives.
He's stuck in his life.
You've won his heart.
The next issue of the magazine is long overdue.
He was just a liar.
He was a cheap liar.
He's currently presumed to be somewhere in Algeria or Tunisia.
He's currently presumed to be somewhere in Algeria.
He promised me forty thousand dinars.
He left for Algeria.
He didn't stay in Algiers very long.
She didn't stay in Algiers very long.
He began to fall totally in love with Algeria.
I haven't had enough of Algeria.
Algeria is an incredible country.
He went straight back to Algiers.
He loved Algiers.
It takes four hours to get to Algiers.
Tom is a teetotaler and only drinks Adam's ale.
I'm going to get a bit of shut-eye.
Once darkness falls every Oct. 31, American children dress up in costumes and go from house to house.
Each time a front door opens, they call out, “Trick or treat!”
The kids are usually rewarded with small pieces of packaged candy.
Decades ago, people handed out homemade treats, but today’s parents worry about such offerings since they are more easily tampered with than store-bought candy.
Halloween may have evolved from spooky origins in England, Ireland and Scotland — where the Celts believed the dead could walk among the living during the transition between the seasons — but in America, Halloween is now mostly about candy, costumes and pumpkins.
Tom and Mary have seven children.
Tom and Mary have seven grandchildren.
Tom and Mary have three children and seven grandchildren.
Eighty-five percent of Americans plan to celebrate Halloween.
While most kids might demand a new costume to wear on the big night, almost half of American adults surveyed say they’ll recycle old costumes rather than spend money on a new one.
Google says its most-searched costume terms this year include the creepy clown from the “It” movie, followed by witch, Spider-Man, dinosaur, Descendants (from a Disney television movie) and clown.
Pumpkins also play a significant role in Halloween traditions.
Many houses place carved pumpkins on their front doorsteps.
A significant number of those pumpkins will come from the state of Illinois, which harvests the largest share of pumpkin acreage of all the states.
Every state grows some pumpkins, but between and 2018, the highest-producing states were Illinois, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Texas and California.
Farmers in those five top pumpkin-producing states harvested more than billion pounds of pumpkins in 2018. Of that, more than half came from Illinois.
There are different varieties of pumpkins, but American growers mainly produce the Howden, the type of gourd used at Halloween to make jack-o'-lanterns.
Today’s American men are working less during their prime years than they did in the 1960s, with the biggest drop in employment among less-educated men.
In 1969, 96% of men between the ages of and participated in the labor force. By 2015, that rate had fallen to under 89%.
The decline in manufacturing jobs has hit men and women without a college degree the hardest.
Experts suggest that the rise in incarceration, and the growth in the number of people with prison records, negatively contribute to the ability of some of these non-working men to get a job.
Twenty-four percent of the people in group one [men born between to 1964], almost one-in-four, didn't work because they were in prison.
Researchers have also studied the possible impact of the opioid epidemic on labor force participation.
More than people in the United States die each day after abusing opioids.
Opioid overdoses caused more than 42,deaths in 2016.
Solutions for tackling the problem could include making sure young people are educated to acquire skills that will serve them well in the labor market.
Tom ran towards the pigeons.
Mary filled her basket with flowers.
How do search engines work?
It's an iterative process.
Tom and Mary always tease each other.
Do you and Tom like each other?
Do you and Mary like each other?
Do Tom and Mary get along with each other?
Do Tom and Mary like each other?
Do Tom and Mary help each other?
I could hear Tom and Mary yelling at each other.
We couldn't ask for a better French teacher.
Tom couldn't deal with that.
I wanted to see the monkeys.
I want Tom to ask Mary if she's planning to go to Australia with us.
Tom has really helped me improve my French.
It's important to protect our forests.
Tom may be Canadian.
Tom might be a Canadian.
Tom may be a Canadian.
He didn't tell me this.
She didn't tell me this.
Tom wasn't the one who told me this.
I swear that I'll make it up to you.
I don't know if that'll help.
I watched Tom's new video, but I didn't like it.
I won't tell anybody. I promise.
I have to buy a new pair of shoes.
I'd like to improve myself.
I'd like to become a better person.
I suggest you go by train.
I suggest that you rest for a while.
I prefer it stay that way.
I'd prefer it if things didn't change.
I think that I'm starting to get it.
I don't think that I could stand being in the same room with Tom all afternoon.
I don't think I could stand being in the same room with Tom all afternoon.
I think that that's really generous.
I know now that there are no limits.
Tom told on me.
Tom told the teacher what I'd done.
Tom told the police that I was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom told the police I was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom told the police that I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom told the police I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
How was it possible for you to do that?
Which king had the castle of Neuschwanstein built?
Tom really helped me improve my French.
I'll do anything that I can.
I'll do anything I can.
Tom counted the money twice.
I'll lose everything I have.
I'll lose everything that I have.
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she was planning to go to Boston with us.
My mother was the one who taught me French.
My mother was the one that taught me French.
Tom counted the money two times.
He who justifies himself too much accuses himself.
We lost the thread of the speech.
Through initiative of the Esperantic Studies Foundation, Edukado.net was created. This is a source of pedagogical material aimed at teachers and students of Esperanto.
I guess that I'll see you at dinner.
I can feel everything that you feel.
I just thought that I'd take a walk.
I don't date women that I work with.
I always thought that I'd be afraid.
I hope that you're well compensated.
I can't believe that you remembered.
I don't care about anybody else.
I can see that you're working.
I can see you're working.
I'd prefer to eat something else.
I don't expect to be gone very long.
I pretended I didn't care.
I fell behind the rest of the tour group.
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
I am the ninth one.
I was the third person in line.
I used to play here when I was a child.
I used to play here when I was a kid.
I hope that this horse doesn't kick.
I used the knife to cut the cake.
I'd never thought about that.
I thought that I'd die laughing.
I thought I'd die laughing.
I love the way that you surprise me.
I like those glasses that you're wearing.
I like those glasses you're wearing.
Tom cracked open the window.
Tom cracked the window open.
I'm waiting for help myself.
Tom is able to speak French fluently.
I've been here twice before.
I wanted Tom to ask Mary if she was planning to go to Australia with us.
I've made some big mistakes.
I've made some very big mistakes.
Tom and I have French class together.
What are your credentials?
That's Tom's knife.
I hope that next time's better than last time.
I hope that the next time will be better than last time.
I hope that next time will be better than last time.
I work with a lot of Canadians.
I work with lots of Canadians.
Tom shook his head to show his disagreement.
It'd be better if you went to bed right away.
Days are getting shorter.
How is this sentence translated?
How do you translate this sentence?
What is the most popular video in YouTube?
What is the most popular video in DTube?
How much is that in dollars?
"How much is it?" "euros." "And how much is that in dollars?"
My name is Andrée.
She lost all of the money.
Buy undervalued and unloved assets.
False Solomon's seal is one of our most undervalued native plants.
Workers' compensation due to strain injuries was undervalued.
The ability to set a fixed focus distance is an undervalued feature.
Stocks are still far from deeply undervalued.
VHC was among the most undervalued stocks forecasted.
Investors believe they can skillfully buy undervalued assets.
They had possibly undervalued the need to champion the product's benefits.
The European single currency was grossly undervalued.
The peso is still undervalued and has room to appreciate.
Churches in which they speak of love and do not speak of the “end time” and the inevitable judgment of sinners are not Christian churches.
You imagined every possibility, didn't you?
The library is a public institution for everyone.
She made use of her talent, succeeding at everything.
She successfully accomplished everything, making use of her talent.
The term refers to the three witches who accost Macbeth.
This is how you execute CLSID applet commands.
She does not listen to anyone's opinion.
The festoon lights were draped over the terrace space.
Pineberries are more tangy than strawberries.
His own debut would be far less auspicious.
Pareiasaurs crashed through vast conifer and fern forests.
An arbiter is a fair and impartial determiner of fact.
No person can take your place.
You don't look as fetching as you think.
Nobody can replace you.
The houses pack exquisitely beautiful urbane youth.
The councilwoman proposed to ask voters for guidance.
Nothing was in the jewel case.
Nothing was found in the jewel case.
Some kind of mysterious force is at work in this world.
I hear someone's voice.
Someone's voice I hear.
The door did not open, for some reason.
This lady is my teacher!
Has the stutterer been sent back to Russia, or not yet?
If only they sent another courtier.
The Algerian government is courting Russia.
White cake glaze is made by mixing powdered sugar and boiling water.
He has only one testicle.
Sugar molecules in food caramelise at around degree Celsius.
“We all agree that consumers don’t read privacy policies,” remarks the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
She just ignored me.
He just ignored me.
Mary just ignored me.
Tom just ignored me.
The "Privacy Paradox" is the contradiction between how important consumers claim their privacy is and how freely they disclose their personal information online.
Cats are very important people.
I pray in the mosque, not at home.
Wikipedia has been blocked in Turkey since April 29, 2017.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
Panko bread crumbs are a variety of flaky bread crumbs used in Japanese cuisine as a crunchy coating for fried foods.
We will outlive them.
The lion said "The flies know that I'm in trouble!"
The heat is unbearable.
It requires practice.
There are fewer and fewer insects.
He's become forgetful, which really upsets him.
He has become forgetful, which annoys him a lot.
The artist drew with Indian ink.
The town is worth seeing.
The city is worth seeing.
They intend to increase food production by cultivating new kinds of rice.
Road signs ought to be visible from a distance.
I'd prefer it stay that way.
I took three years of French in high school.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean for any of this to happen.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen.
Tom likes to study.
I like this one better.
I'm going to go to Belo Horizonte at the beginning of November.
I enrolled in a bachelor's program in Letters and Classical Studies (Portuguese and Classical Greek) at Universidade Federal Fluminense, but did not obtain a degree.
He has been in Algeria for about a year.
He came to Algeria for a two-week holiday.
They had a child in Algeria.
His first child was born in Algeria.
They were born in Algeria.
He got married in Algeria.
She got married in Algeria.
Algeria has wonderful beaches.
He was really said about leaving his life behind.
Let me go back to Algeria.
You don't need to come to Algeria.
He's not coming to Algeria.
We're not coming to Algeria.
He wasn't planning on going back to Algeria.
A week later, he flew back to Algeria.
He traveled with me up to Algiers.
Why did he flee Algeria?
Why did he flee Algeria with Salas?
His son was born in Algeria?
Because his son was born in Algeria, he needed to seek custody in that country.
He decided not to go to Algeria.
He refused to return to Algeria.
He took his son back to Algeria.
He came to take his son back to Algeria.
This is a very Algerian breakfast.
He returned to Algeria with Salas.
They decided to stay in Algeria.
Please come back to Algeria.
He didn't speak Berber.
We approached the Algerian-Tunisian border.
He was arrested at the Algerian border.
He went to Algeria to travel.
He left his home in Algeria to go traveling in Greece.
He went traveling in Algeria.
They spent four months together in Algeria.
He went to visit Salas in Algeria.
He returned to Algeria to rekindle his relationship with Skura.
After four months in Algeria, the couple decided to move to Tunisia.
He owned a house in Algeria.
He spoke Berber.
He picked up the plates and smashed them.
He decided that he wanted to take his son back to Algeria.
He became an illegal alien in Algeria.
He must go back to Algeria.
He took his son to Algeria.
He took Salas to Algeria.
He needs to come to Algeria now.
He decided he was going to go to Algeria.
He needed to go down to Algeria that day.
He will never see Algeria again.
He wanted her to go to Algeria where he would have complete control over her.
He wanted his daughters to go to Algeria where he would have complete control over them.
He joined her in Algiers.
An Algerian judge approved the warrant for his arrest.
He returned to Algeria with the help of the Algerian embassy.
He was released with the help of the Algerian embassy.
He wanted to make me rich.
Speak Berber, OK?
He went to Algeria without asking me.
He went to Algeria without me.
He was seeing someone in Algeria.
He needs to go to Algeria.
Algeria and Morocco have so much in common.
Algerians and Moroccans have so much in common.
Don't go to Algeria.
Go to Algeria.
It hurts like hell.
Most of them are wearing Kabyle dresses.
Are you prepared for your exam?
It seems that the strike is over.
Success has many fathers, but failure is an orphan.
Trappers used decoy birds and a sticky substance.
He held a small detonator in his hand.
The freshwater stickleback fish was introduced into the tank.
To attain accreditation, the college had to meet standards.
The abdication of Napoleon Bonaparte occured in 1814.
Make those images of the dishes as tantalizing as possible.
We've moved the surviving baby swordtails to another tank.
The cruel conman will not serve any longer behind bars.
There's no word on a timescale for the project yet.
The court shall apportion property rights among the claimants.
Slice the kale, and add it to a pan, with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, and wait until it is soft and tasty.
Everyone has their own flaws.
Seems to me he found it by accident.
Who knows where he was?
Does anybody know who this woman is?
She is a brave girl.
I sat down between them.
I settled among them.
The other kids smiled.
"What nationality are your professors?" "They're Syrian."
Whatcha lookin' at?
Our money will be in good hands with Béla.
"Have you ever been stung by a wasp?" "Yes – once, when I was a kid."
The service is slow because they lack staff.
The service is slow because they lack employees.
The service is slow because they're lacking staff.
It costs a packet.
It costs a tidy sum.
It costs a lot.
Will you be back on Tuesday?
Will you be back Tuesday?
Are you going to come back on Tuesday?
Are you coming back on Tuesday?
The dispute escalated into a public slanging match.
The dispute quickly turned into a public slanging match.
She can't talk about her plans because she's got nothing specific in mind.
She can't talk about her plans because she has nothing specific in mind.
That's over my head.
He downed the glass in one.
Lima, the capital of Peru, lies on the Pacific coast.
No-one doubts his suitability for this post.
No-one doubts his suitability for this position.
What do you think, doctor?
Everyone apart from you came with a partner.
Everyone except you came with a partner.
They have lunch at midday.
It's been raining non-stop since Sunday.
He put the key on the table as usual.
As usual, he placed the key on the table.
Neither of them was at the meeting.
They climbed to the top of the cliff.
They climbed to the clifftop.
He's got a lot of experience in this field.
He has a great deal of experience in this field.
No-one knows everything.
He studies metaphysics.
It snows in January.
He is survived by four children.
The phone rang sometimes.
The telephone sometimes rang.
She waited for hours.
He needs a coat.
Their flag is multicoloured.
Termites like to eat wood.
They sell old rugs.
They sell old carpets.
Those are just assumptions.
Were you there often?
She's going to Brussels.
Stars are gigantic balls of plasma.
Did you get up late?
He's pruned the cherry trees.
He has pruned the cherry trees.
She said that herself.
Have you got time tomorrow afternoon?
Do you have time tomorrow afternoon?
They're attracted to each other.
He slammed the door.
She had next to no money.
She had almost no money.
She had hardly any money.
Is the room big enough?
He's studying metaphysics.
I thought that you said something.
I heard this movie is good.
I heard that this movie is good.
I bought a hat in that shop.
I don't really enjoy reading poetry.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs.
I don't know anyone in this city.
I don't know anybody in this city.
You can't make a rope out of sand.
I bought a new mouse.
I'd planned to go abroad.
Tom and Mary have three children and three grandchildren.
What did you do last summer?
My French isn't good enough to explain that.
I'll take the expensive one.
I hope that we can clear this up quickly and quietly.
You didn't wash your hands, did you?
It's the first time that that has happened.
My parents retired before I graduated from high school.
I didn't have anything else to do, so I thought that I'd drop by.
Tom couldn't believe Mary had agreed to go out with him.
I think that you can guess what happened next.
You won't know if you can do it or not unless you try.
It'd be better if that happened later.
What can it be compared to?
You shouldn't treat anybody like that.
We won't get any sleep tonight.
I plan to stay up all night, studying.
How long do you think those batteries will last?
The bus will be leaving soon.
Your room is at the end of the hall.
Is isn't too late to turn back.
It's still not too late to turn back.
He wrote his name.
He wrote down his name.
She took her life.
I hope the next time will be better than last time.
I confuse Krasnodar and Krasnoyarsk.
Crack eggs, mix them with a fork, add cheese and tomatoes, then fry it all in a pan.
Cut all vegetables and fry them with spices.
Smash the boiled pumpkin pieces then add some salt and spices.
"Do you still love me?" "I always will."
He's a man in a dress.
He was a staunch devotee who had unflinching faith.
Taweret was sometimes depicted as Set's consort.
Not many companies have an international freephone.
Trawler nets are one possible cause for the demise of the marine mammals.
I thought it was a comedown for the talented writer.
The group had to scrimp, connive, and hustle in order to get by.
I produced a feature that year for a youth freesheet.
The menu will display the option to boot from the diskette drive.
He had an undoubted skill and ability to score goals.
Never talk badly about freeware.
The movie is a lighthearted yet devastatingly accurate and witty social satire.
The prophet Zephaniah was the great-great-grandson of King Hezekiah.
Tomorrow we shall proclaim a republic.
Gentlemen! Tomorrow we shall proclaim the Republic.
I would like to contribute my sentences under the CC1.license, so my sentences can be used in the Common Voice project.
The bigger the tiger, the larger the footprints.
Perform a good deed, every day.
Pick on the Arakanese because you can’t dominate the Indian.
Islands rely on reeds, just as reeds rely on islands.
Masters! We'll declare the republic tomorrow.
Everybody makes their own mistakes.
A game of baseball takes, in general, 2.to hours.
There is no current professional baseball league in Turkey.
Sorry for your trouble, may Allah rest his soul.
Sorry for your trouble, may Allah rest her soul.
He is leading a sad life.
I have never fed my dog bananas.
Why is everybody so quiet?
Are you allowed to go there?
The parents have managed to calm him.
I don't have to go to work tomorrow.
At last he showed up.
I am sure that she won't come to visit you.
This chair is better than that one.
Have you ever flown in a plane?
It's the weekend.
I am stepping on the crescent moon with my feet.
When in Rome, do as the romans do.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
I live three miles from the city.
I'd like to have breakfast.
Starting today, I'm going to try to read at least three books a week.
Starting today, I'm going to try to read at least three books per week.
I thought I saw somebody I knew.
I thought that I saw somebody I knew.
I suggest that you do it right away.
I'm glad that I was able to study French with a native speaker.
I'm glad I was able to study French with a native speaker.
I hope that you're in a safe place.
I hope you're in a safe place.
I play the guitar almost every day.
I'd like a piece of cheese.
It's a good thing that you were able to help.
It's a good thing that you were able to do that yesterday.
It's a good thing that we finished early.
It's a good thing that we got here early.
It's a good thing that Tom was there to help you.
It's a good thing that we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
It's a good thing you were able to help.
It's a good thing you were able to do that yesterday.
It's a good thing we finished early.
It's a good thing we got here early.
It's a good thing Tom was there to help you.
It's a good thing we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
I'm glad that we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
I'm glad we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
I'm glad that Tom was there to help you.
I'm glad Tom was there to help you.
I'm glad that we got here early.
I'm glad that we finished early.
I'm glad we finished early.
I'm glad that you were able to do that yesterday.
I'm glad you were able to do that yesterday.
I'm glad that you were able to help.
I'm glad you were able to help.
I think that you're my best friend.
I was just going to do it for you.
I don't know where you'll go.
Is it still worth it to become an intellectual?
What was she supposed to do?
Tom and Mary already had three children of their own when they adopted John.
What do you think'll happen?
Tom decorated his apartment.
What will you eat for lunch?
What'll you eat for lunch?
Tom did all of those things.
We sometimes speak to each other in French.
Let me teach you how to say that in French.
Tom is a great French teacher.
When did you meet your wife?
Tom did that his whole life.
When do you usually go home?
Tom didn't ask me for money.
Where can I cross the river?
Tom didn't believe anything.
Tom didn't believe anything that Mary told him.
I've been teaching French for thirty years.
I wish that we could do this every day.
I actually play the piano really well.
I actually play the piano pretty well.
I actually play the piano fairly well.
I never thought that this could happen.
I never thought that this would happen.
I promise that tomorrow will be better.
I really felt bad this morning.
I really enjoyed watching you dance.
I think that that's pretty good advice.
I hope you're not treated unfairly.
I hope that you're not treated unfairly.
I guess that I should introduce myself.
I think that that's an important point.
I think that we need to turn left here.
I thought that movie wasn't very good.
I thought that that movie wasn't very good.
Tom is plagued by the ghosts of his past.
I think that maybe that's a good thing.
I suppose that you know how to do that.
I still don't believe that it happened.
I believe that this must be stopped.
I asked myself the same question.
I think that I could've done better.
I think that I've sprained my ankle.
I think that it's a massive problem.
I think that we've got enough money.
I believe that the opposite is true.
I decided that that was a good sign.
I didn't think that I was that good.
I hope that I don't starve to death.
I hope that we'll get together soon.
I hope that you'll have a good time.
I think that I was wrong about that.
Children like ice cream.
The winds died down.
I wanted to impress them.
Niamh gets annoyed when people misspell her name.
The storm took a toll on the crew.
The water kept rising.
The sea was rough.
The radio stopped working.
We need to fix the radio before dark.
Tom drooled.
Tom was drooling.
Let's take the lift.
The technician is still trying to fix the electrics.
He's an expert with a sextant.
He pitched overboard.
He will never see land again.
Is history repeating itself in Algeria?
They must sail north.
Most of us feel the end is very near.
They landed on a safe beach.
He attempted the impossible.
He has no choice but to attempt the impossible.
You've got to really be careful.
They recreated the journey.
They live in an extremely remote place.
This is a tiny boat.
They worked at a whaling station.
They had to traverse an uncharted mountain range.
He has a suspected blood clot and needs medical attention.
He has a suspected blood clot and needs urgent medical attention.
The film is a simple story cloaked in garish splendour.
We could easily and inexpensively jettison the old, stupid structures.
The pirates wished to debauch him because of his beauty.
Otoliths may dislodge suddenly and tumble down.
I won't flog a dead horse.
The request sparked uproarious laughter.
New dressing rooms were built and floodlights installed.
An "8" was placed below the clef sign.
The city has modernized and continued to urbanize.
Is it lawful to conscript such young men against their will?
I took our dog to the vet for a checkup.
When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport; when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
More rain is expected tomorrow.
When did the incident occur?
Have you got anything else planned for today?
Do you have anything else planned for today?
Wine is put in barrels to mature.
She used to be called the Belle of Asakusa.
The ship's flag could hardly be made out in the fog.
The ship's flag was barely visible in the fog.
It smelt of smoke.
Do you seriously think that?
His name was misspelt.
You haven't got to eat it.
He doesn't have to eat it.
He hasn't got to eat it.
Tom has a meaningless job.
She doesn't have to eat it.
Tom thinks his job is meaningless.
My job is meaningless.
She hasn't got to eat it.
Tom writes love letters to Mary in French.
What did you study last night?
Tom didn't try to say anything.
What did your doctor tell you?
I hope that you don't starve to death.
I hope you don't starve to death.
I want to tell you who did this.
My face is pretty.
The woman is good-looking.
We'll take the stairs down.
I've written a couple of songs in French.
Tom didn't believe what I said.
We've decided to go to a club.
Tom didn't do his job properly.
Everyone has to be in long sleeves.
The exam had a written portion.
I want to have a ton of fun.
I no longer know what else to do.
He's in China.
I hurt my hand, my wrist, my forearm, and my elbow.
The street is flooded.
The street is packed.
No, I don't understand it.
No, I don't get it.
A solar panel only works in the daytime.
He has come to help me.
Do you want it by itself or with milk?
Beat the egg with a fork.
Whip the egg with a fork.
Have you hidden the money?
Who will you eat with?
I'm not missing this movie.
I wanted to buy all of it, but I left with empty hands.
This is easy to do.
I'm just about to shower.
Are you going to be ready at five?
It's probably gonna be cold in the morning, so I will put on many layers before I leave.
Melt the butter in the saucepan, and add the finely chopped onion.
Whenever I'm in trouble, my friend Kei always appears out of nowhere to help.
I wouldn't be able to live without music.
While I had knowledge from studying for the ancient scriptures exam, I wish I had read more about it. Even though I was discussing Japanese language with people, I never actually read the material properly.
At Nagoya university it's tradition for the female students to be unlawful.
With which things do you want to swap?
If you put your mind to it, you can do it, and if you don't, you won't get anywhere.
Because I heard about the cake from Tom, I really want to eat it now.
Thank you so much for the punctual confirmation.
I don't usually eat it, but because I saw the commercial where the person was slurping down ochazuke, it made me really crave it.
I think that I can do that if I try.
I think that I can probably do that.
I think that I should buy a new car.
I think that I'd be able to do that.
I think that you should do that now.
I think that you'll pass this class.
I was hoping that you could do that.
I wish I'd been more careful.
I wish that I'd been more careful.
There's no way Tom can do that.
There's no way that Tom can do that.
Things are getting really bad.
Tom has written several novels in French.
I wish that people wouldn't do that.
I wish that you knew how to do that.
I wish that I could do that already.
I wish that I could already do that.
I forgot to bring my bathing suit.
Why didn't you deal with it?
I imagine that you must be starving.
I think that it'll be a busy winter.
I think that that'll change one day.
I think that that'll happen someday.
I think that we need to change that.
I think that we should get involved.
I think that we've been cooperative.
Tom should've dealt with that himself.
I find it hard to understand spoken French.
There isn't any more red wine.
I wonder where Tom wants to go.
We've run out of red wine.
Could you run to the store and buy a couple more bottles of red wine?
Could you run to the store and buy a couple of bottles of red wine?
The police searched for clues.
I wonder where Tom plays tennis.
I'll lose everything I've got.
I'll lose everything that I've got.
I wanted to tell Tom the truth.
Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never ends. As for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away.
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal. And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give away all I have, and if I deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing.
I think that we're going to do that.
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.
I was told that I shouldn't do that here.
I was told I shouldn't do that here.
I suggest that you do that tomorrow.
Could you help me up?
Use Facebook.
Use Twitter.
Use Google.
Use Tatoeba.
Use Wikipedia.
Use Yahoo.
Use Instagram.
Use Skype.
Use Youtube.
You're exactly correct.
Did you learn Berber?
Did you have to learn Berber?
His Berber is still pretty crappy.
Nothing stays the way it was.
All the speeches except one were in French.
All the speeches but one were in French.
I wanted to teach Tom a lesson.
I was never really frightened.
I wanted to stay home with Tom.
I wanted to talk to my lawyer.
I wanted to speak to Tom alone.
I wanted to protect my family.
I wanted to say goodbye to Tom.
All the passengers were speaking in French.
He's full of crap.
He smells of shit.
What's gone is gone.
You'll laugh your ass off.
He's free to live his life.
I am in Algeria.
Are you drinking with me?
Algeria is strong.
It is like it is.
Algeria is a great nation.
He just wants to have a happy life.
He's still sitting in Algeria, making a hell of a lot of money.
We shouldn't stay silent about all of these injustices.
What could it be when it's done?
Close your eyes. What you see then belongs to you.
His bones won't hurt him anymore.
He's a senior official in Algeria.
It's pointless to waste time doing that.
Every maniac likes his hat.
We're watching the rise of separatism based on racialized violence.
We're watching the rise of a separatism based on racialized violence.
We're watching the rise of a dangerous form of separatism based on racialized and religious violence.
We're watching the rise of a dangerous form of separatism based on racist hatred and Islamophobia.
He worked at NSA.
He worked at CIA.
IgE usually comes up in discussions about fleabite sensitivity.
Two global studies in children with hemophilia A are ongoing.
The whole bike had been painted, from the handlebars to the fuel tank.
It was a tad fiddly trying to apply nail polish with the bigger brush.
The shower sets contain elements which have been handpicked.
A privatized rail company could close the most uneconomic routes.
My night shift wasn't quite as frenetic as the night before.
The team owner and the coach are not happy with his pronouncement.
We'd suggest a chic upholstered bed with a little tartan fabric.
The customer gets the best possible price for his old handset.
There's a lot of animals in the park.
There are a lot of animals in the park.
There are many animals in the park.
The pond is three metres deep.
You look very pleased today.
These lemon and almond tarts are delicious.
These lemon and almond tarts are scrumptious.
He rode towards the sea.
You should definitely read this book.
This is a direct train to Nagoya.
She's in bed with a fever.
She's lying in bed with a fever.
It's starting to rain again.
The weather's really foul today!
Was that made in Switzerland?
Was it manufactured in Switzerland?
How much does a kilo of mozzarella cost?
The bank closes late on Fridays.
She finally reached the Arctic.
The bus takes about minutes.
The bank doesn't open on Saturdays.
There are always so many tourists in Venice.
Your message must contain at least ten characters.
Have you written down his new address?
Did you write down his new address?
Have you made a note of her new address?
Did you make a note of her new address?
It took several years to build it.
She took a ballpoint pen from her bag.
She took a biro from her bag.
She took a pen from her bag.
Winter is very cold this year.
It's even cold in summer here.
A gilet is a jacket without arms.
Someone probably left the door open.
Someone has probably left the door open.
She goes to the park every morning.
The gust of wind ripped a large number of tiles off the roof.
She read the child a funny story.
She read the child an amusing tale.
He missed his train by a minute.
He's missed his train by a minute.
He hurried to make up for lost time.
The question is whether he's coming or not.
The bus is usually late when it rains.
In the late afternoon, by the way, there was a sugar cube battle in the café.
A rational man is deeply rooted in wisdom; even the unreasonable can see that.
Let all your things be done in love!
Therefore, I say to you: Do not worry about your livelihood, food and clothing! Does life not mean more than eating and drinking and is the human being not more important than his clothes?
Some more tea, please.
Have you arranged for the room to be cleaned?
The post office is two miles from here.
Is it going to snow more this year than last?
Maybe she'll go to the supermarket today.
She might possibly go to the supermarket today.
What time does the baker's close?
To do that, you've got to get up earlier.
To do that, you have to get up earlier.
To do that, you must get up earlier.
They're arriving on the o'clock train.
He's very happy with the new bike.
He was born in Osaka, but grew up in Tokyo.
Science has made rapid advances in that country.
He put up his hand to ask a question.
The castle was destroyed in 1485, and never rebuilt.
If you've invited him, he'll definitely come.
Seen from afar, the hill resembled an elephant.
Both events again attracted large numbers of participants.
Is that why you didn't finish school?
Is that why you dropped out of school?
What was Mary's surname prior to her wedding?
What was Mary's surname before she got married?
She sees her parents only once a year.
An aroma is a smell you find pleasant.
His weight has doubled in the last ten years.
His snoring is quiet – all the more so when he's awake.
Ali stopped smoking.
You guys are worthless.
Y'all are worthless.
He likes Lake Mashuu.
Esther turned into a cat.
Esther has become a cat.
Tom used his phone as a mirror.
Mary used her phone as a mirror.
In a major break from other internet companies, Twitter said on Wednesday it would no longer accept political ads, a decision that will affect users and political campaigns in the U.S. and around the world.
Catherine Mutua has always used charcoal and gas to cook for her young family.
Regina Anyango, owner of small food kiosk in Nairobi, uses ethanol fuel to prepare meals for customers. Her kitchen is free of fumes and smoke from charcoal use.
Fumes from charcoal and kerosene contribute to respiratory diseases. They also produce carbon emissions that are heating up Earth's atmosphere.
The sprawling buildings of the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) in Santa Fe, New Mexico stand out against the stunning desert landscape of the American Southwest.
Here, on this quiet, 56-hectare (140-acre) campus, about students are immersed in contemporary Native American arts and culture.
Some come to paint or sculpt; others want to examine the art of poetry and storytelling, while those with cinematic interests aspire to find a niche in New Mexico's thriving film business.
This college attracts both native and non-native people from across the country — and overseas — who wish to explore their artistic abilities while learning more about the diverse range of native cultures in America.
"If you ask the average college student why they're going to college, they'll say, 'I want a job.'" He says. "You ask our students and they'll say, I want to be of service to my family and my community.' And so that makes our students different."
Tom eyed Mary's plate.
There was a faint smile on his face.
There was a faint smile on her face.
There was a faint smile on Tom's face.
It started as a joke.
Would you like to become fluent in French?
I wish I were a better person.
I wish that I were a better person.
I wanted to play golf with Tom.
I wanted to buy that painting.
I wanted to know where Tom was.
This book has been translated into French.
There is no recipe for love — there are only good ingredients.
How did you think this up?
An elderly person in my family suddenly fell to the ground; he likely suffered a stroke.
Correct, one has a stomachache, the other has a headache.
Don't only look at the dark side.
Tears flowed down his cheek.
The sky is covered in black clouds.
She not only ridiculed him, but also drove him out.
Everyone thought: such an impudence!
Maria called her son Tom.
She just saw him.
I prefer it to stay that way.
It's a very natural reaction.
My French is good enough to be understood.
I wanted to get Tom to help me.
I would never want to harm you.
That was my theory at the time.
I've translated several books into French.
We don't want to attract attention.
Tom is my sidekick.
Algeria will always be my home.
Is this illegal in Algeria?
What song are they playing?
He stayed in Algeria.
He comes from a federal family.
He comes from a religious family.
He comes from a military family.
He burned his life to the ground.
I'm not myself a journalist.
I'm not myself a programmer.
I'm not myself an engineer.
I'm not myself a translator.
I'm not myself a teacher.
I'm not myself a cook.
I'm not myself an interpreter.
I'm not myself a cop.
I have learned as much from her than the has learned from me.
Describe your life today.
Read the Bill of Rights.
Read the constitution.
Read the law.
Read the 4th Amendment.
Read the national anthem.
Read the contract.
Read the amendment.
Read the book.
Read the novel.
Read the title.
Read the synopsis.
There is no article in Spanish for the Tatoeba project on Wikipedia.
Read the plot.
Read the summary.
Read the introduction.
Read the message.
He wanted to live out his life and die in Algeria.
I think I will return to Algeria.
Algeria has changed.
They violated the law.
They violated the constitution.
He lives in a remote location somewhere in Algeria.
He was working in Algeria.
They're putting Algeria at risk.
Would you welcome the chance to come back to Algeria?
Do you want to come back to Algeria?
Algeria is different than what I expected.
Algeria is a lot warmer than Spain.
Elephants bury their dead.
Mammoths went extinct.
Mammoths are extinct animals.
Can we clone mammoths?
And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
You gonna buy us a drink now?
Mammoths were highly plastic animals.
The kids are calling for their mother.
We are going to Algeria to meet a remarkable group of journalists.
Dolphins are very promiscuous.
Chimpanzees and dolphins are political animals.
We do have some problems.
How fleetly in my damage cruel Fortune has changed!
The spatulas, ramekins, plates, and mugs are all from the collection.
The eccentric Vatican cleric specializes in demonic possessions.
The viruses commandeer the internal machinery of their hosts.
We risk tilting ourselves into a downward spiral of defeatism.
He cried thinking about his ordeal and its unending aftermath.
The pocket-sized chassis makes the camera versatile.
Cortana appears next to the Start button on the taskbar.
The biggest tokamak to date is under construction in France.
Every man ought to chasten his own body in some measure.
Conversations about race tend to devolve into a shouting match.
He forced me to dig my father's grave and, to add insult to injury, he stole the pick.
This seat's free.
Are you naturally curly?
Is your hair naturally curly?
Everyone drank a glass.
Everyone had a glass.
They each drank a glass.
She's in a huff.
Five persons were missing.
The cost of living has risen enormously.
If you need money, I will lend it to you.
Have you read all of it?
Have you read it in its entirety?
Have you read it cover to cover?
Did you read it through to the end?
Did you read it in its entirety?
Pay attention to your habits, because they become your character.
Pay attention to your character, for it becomes your destiny.
That was just sentence number one thousand, which is now in the database, which hopefully is often and well backed up.
Sensitized consumers seek orientation.
Let the images speak for themselves.
I barely couldn't wait for the sunrise.
Nothing is more repulsive at a wedding than a priest with an erection.
He was my North, my South, my East and West, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong.
I have an excellent relationship with my administrators.
I'm a dead rabbit on the freeway.
Where is the sense to collect qualitatively wrong sentences?
Qualitatively I still see a lot of potential.
Contradiction is always a sign of recognition.
Clearly nothing's been done here for years.
But after so many years there is still much to do.
Therefore the acceptance is quite different.
This makes the so called activists participate?
What pushes them to do it?
The lawyer can push the judge to request the intervention of the Court.
The snow pushes the wolves towards the plains.
What makes him do that thing that some people call music?
I ask myself what could make people do things like this.
I let myself be pushed by the waves.
They helped me push my car all the way to the dealership.
Security, law and order must be enforced consistently.
He who cannot bear the truth is a poor man to me.
It is on a tree branch that a bird builds its nest.
How quickly to my detriment cruel Luck has changed!
The reason for his return was his mother's death.
A well-heated bathroom with bathtub is available to guests, who will appreciate a warm bath after a long and tiring journey.
There's a display board on the front of the tram which shows the destination.
As soon as the morning spread its cloak across the sea waves, the sun embroidered it with golden threads.
Temperatures at night will fall below freezing.
There are two types of pianos, namely the grand piano and the upright piano.
The Tatoeba Wikipedia page in Spanish has just been published.
That seat is free.
I will execute great vengeance on them with wrathful rebukes; and they shall know that I am Yahweh, when I shall lay my vengeance on them.
Dracula, Frankenstein and other monsters may have literary origins, but Hollywood has turned them into iconic characters that have scared and thrilled audiences for decades.
In the new exhibit, “Natural History of Horror,” the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County explains the link between art and reality, and shows how filmmakers looked to science and archeology as inspiration for hair-raising movie monsters.
Visitors can see original monster movie posters and props donated by Universal, including the ball and chain that shackled Frankenstein’s reanimated corpse in the movie.
There is also a reproduction of the costume from the film "Creature from the Black Lagoon," with movable gills.
Beyond the props, the exhibit highlights the real-life inspirations for the Hollywood horrors.
Milicent Patrick designed the “creature” from the Black Lagoon by studying reptiles, amphibians, fish and pictures of extinct animals.
The discovery of King Tutankhamun's tomb in inspired "The Mummy" in 1932.
The Washington Nationals defeated the Houston Astros 6-Wednesday in the deciding seventh game of the World Series to claim their first Major League Baseball championship in franchise history.
We're going to wait here until nine o'clock.
We'll wait here until nine o'clock.
I plan to buy a cap for Tom.
I knew that I had to do that.
I knew that I had to do it.
I hope that I didn't offend anybody.
I hope that I didn't offend anyone.
I still believe that that'll happen.
The typhoon caused considerable damage all along the coast.
The typhoon caused a lot of damage.
I wish that I hadn't lied to Tom.
I hope that we can find a way to do that.
I hope that I can be of some help to you.
I hope that Tom did what we told him to do.
I hope that Tom did what we asked him to do.
I hope that Tom did what Mary told him to do.
I hope that Tom did what you asked him to do.
I do hope that you enjoy the rest of your day.
I only hope that we can get this done on time.
I do hope that Tom does what he says he'll do.
I hope that Tom did what Mary asked him to do.
I hope that we don't have to wait for too long.
I hope that this'll be the last time I see you.
I hope that Tom is going to do the right thing.
I hope that Tom likes the cake I baked for him.
I hope that you and your wife have a nice trip.
I hope that Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I hope that Tom isn't the first one to do that.
I hope that Tom is still awake when I get home.
I hope that I can manage to make both ends meet.
I hope that you can do something to help me out.
I hope that you don't mind that I let myself in.
I hope that I can find Tom before the police do.
I hope that Mary knows how much I care about her.
I hope that I'm not the only one who'll be there.
I hope that I'm not the only one who's going to be there.
I hope that Tom remembers how to get to our house.
I hope that Tom isn't going to be the one driving.
I hope Tom isn't going to be the one who does the driving.
I hope that Tom isn't going to be the one who does the driving.
Tom and Mary hoped that nobody had seen them.
Tom and Mary hoped nobody had seen them.
Tom and Mary hoped no one had seen them.
I hope that Tom can fit me into his tight schedule.
Let's just hope that we don't have to use our guns.
Let's hope that Tom will have the sense to do that.
Let's hope that Tom didn't do what you think he did.
I hope that Tom enjoys singing as much as Mary does.
I just hope that they catch the guy who stabbed Tom.
I hope that Tom doesn't tell Mary about what we did.
I hope that neither of them was injured in the crash.
We hope that Tom sticks around for a couple of weeks.
Tom hoped that Mary would stay in Boston for a while.
I just hope that Tom stays awake until Mary gets home.
I hope that Tom didn't tell anybody about what we did.
I hope Tom didn't tell anyone about what we did.
I hope that Tom didn't tell anyone about what we did.
We had hoped the rain would stop before noon.
Tom hopes he can visit Boston before he dies.
Let's hope that we can avoid this problem in the future.
I hope that we don't run into any bureaucratic red tape.
I was hoping that this would happen.
I was hoping you'd help me.
I was hoping that you'd help me.
I think that we'll have a good team.
I want to make everyone happy.
I want to make everybody happy.
I told Mary that I loved her in French.
I told Mary I loved her in French.
I wanted to be like my father.
I want to find out if Tom is going to wear the new shirt that I gave him.
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing I feed my cat?
I certainly hope that you're planning to come to my party.
I hope that I can find an inexpensive apartment in Boston.
I hope that this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Tom hopes that he doesn't become a workaholic like his father.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't find out about what had happened.
I speak three languages, including French.
I wanted to eat lunch with Tom.
I need to improve my French pronunciation.
I wish you'd told me how to do it.
I wish that you'd told me how to do it.
I wish that I could get Tom to talk to me.
I wish that I had more time to talk to you.
I just wish that I knew what to say to Tom.
I wish that I could swim as well as you do.
I wish that I could sing as well as you do.
I wish that I were on the same team as Tom.
I wish that I could do that as well as you.
I wish that I could sing as well as Tom does.
I sure wish that I could sing as well as Tom.
I wish that I had enough money to buy a car.
I wish that I had a guitar as good as yours.
I wish that I'd done what Tom told me to do.
I wish that Tom had shown me how to do that.
I wish that I could go to the party with you.
I wish that I had more time to talk with you.
I wish that I could help you find a good job.
I wish that I could cook as well as Tom does.
I wish that my kid behaved as well as my dog.
I wish that I could live in a house that nice.
I wish that I had a roommate to hang out with.
I wish that I had my camera with me right now.
I wish that there was an easy way to fix this.
I wish that I could live in a house like this.
I wish that I could figure out how to fix this.
I really wish that I knew what Tom plans to do.
I wish that you could tell me what I should do.
I wish that things were the way that they used to be.
I wish things were the way that they used to be.
I wish that things were the way they used to be.
I wish you'd let me know you were coming.
I wish that you'd let me know that you were coming.
I wish that you'd let me know you were coming.
I wish that you didn't have to go to work today.
I wish that you could be here with me right now.
I wish that I could speak French as well as Tom does.
I wish that I'd never told Tom that I knew Mary.
I wish that I'd never told Tom I knew Mary.
I wish I'd never told Tom I knew Mary.
I wish that we'd sung that new song you wrote.
I wish we'd sung that new song you wrote.
I wish that we could go to Boston and visit Tom.
I wish that you'd told me the truth then.
I wish I'd gone to the theater last night.
I wish that I'd gone to the theater last night.
I wish that we didn't have to do this any longer.
I wish that we didn't have to do this anymore.
I wish I'd eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish that I'd eaten lunch before I came here.
I really wish that I knew why Tom didn't like me.
I wish that Tom had come to our party last night.
I wish that there was some way I could repay Tom.
I wish that you didn't hang out with Tom so much.
I can honestly say that it wasn't me.
I can't believe that you're grounded.
I decided that I should be on my own.
I guess that it was the right moment.
I hope that we get out of this alive.
I hope that you'll give me something.
I know that little things mean a lot.
I said that it's not going to happen.
I think that everybody should see it.
I think everyone should see it.
I think that everyone should see it.
I think it'll be a nice thing.
I think that it'll be a nice thing.
Do you know anyone who can teach my kids French?
Do you know anyone who can teach my children French?
Do you know anybody who can teach my children French?
I wish I'd had the chance to learn French.
I wish that I'd had the chance to learn French.
I wish that I could remember where I put my keys.
I wish that I could speak French the way Tom does.
I wish I'd known what you were looking for.
I wish that I'd known what you were looking for.
I wish that Tom were here right now instead of me.
I wish that you'd tell me what I'm supposed to do.
Tom said that he wished that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wished that he didn't have to do that.
I sure wish that I could remember what Tom told me.
I wish that I could spend more time with my family.
I think it'll just get better.
I think that it'll just get better.
I think that it would be interesting.
I think that it'll make a difference.
I think that it's a permanent change.
I think that it's an important event.
I think that it's good for everybody.
I think it's good for everyone.
I think that it's good for everyone.
I think that that's really appealing.
I think that the baby is coming soon.
I think that this is a turning point.
I think that we've all been insulted.
I think that you've got it backwards.
I wish that you'd stick around for a few more days.
I wish that you'd stop calling me so late at night.
I wish that Mary's father would let me talk to her.
I almost wish that I were going to Boston with you.
I wish that we didn't have to wait three more days.
I wish I could play volleyball as well as Tom does.
I wish that I could play volleyball as well as Tom.
I wish that I could play volleyball as well as Tom does.
Don't you wish that you could go to Boston with us?
I wish that you hadn't told that story to my mother.
I wish that Tom hadn't told Mary that I'd been in prison.
I wish Tom hadn't told Mary that I'd been in prison.
I wish that Tom hadn't told Mary I'd been in prison.
Tom wished Mary would tell him what to do.
I wish that there were something that I could do to help.
I wish there were something that I could do to help.
I wish that there were something I could do to help.
I really wish that I knew where Tom put my briefcase.
I wish that I had married your sister instead of you.
I wish that they could find out what's wrong with me.
Tom wishes that he had gone to the theater last night.
I wish that Tom wouldn't sing so loudly late at night.
Tom wishes that he could speak French as well as Mary.
Tom wishes that he could speak French as well as Mary does.
I just wish that I could speak French a little better.
I wish that you'd consider coming back to work for us.
I wish that I could remember where I left my umbrella.
I wish I could give you everything you want.
I wish that my grandfather had been alive to see that.
I wish that I could speak French like a native speaker.
I wish Tom would help Mary with her homework.
I wish that Tom would help around the house more often.
I wish that my girlfriend would spend more time with me.
Tom wished he could spend more time with Mary.
Tom wished that he were able to visit Boston more often.
Tom wished that he hadn't asked Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wishes he could be a better French speaker.
I wish that I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish that there were a French translation of this book.
I wish that there were a better translation of this book.
Tom wishes that he didn't have to help with the housework.
Tom wished Mary would tell him where she'd been.
Tom wished he'd put more money into that investment.
Tom wished that he'd put more money into that investment.
Tom wished that he could tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom wishes that he could speak French like a native speaker.
There were times when Tom wished that he hadn't married Mary.
I wish that Tom wouldn't keep telling everyone I'm his brother.
I wish that Tom wouldn't keep telling everybody that I'm his brother.
I wish that Tom wouldn't keep telling everybody I'm his brother.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep telling everybody that I'm his brother.
I wish that Tom wouldn't keep telling everyone that I'm his brother.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep telling everyone that I'm his brother.
I thought I heard you snoring.
I thought that I heard you snoring.
We were speaking to each other in French.
I think that that can be done.
I think that can be done.
I wanted to ask Tom a question.
Do you ever speak to each other in French?
I really love this restaurant.
I wanted my family to meet Tom.
How many of your friends can speak French?
I really enjoy playing tennis.
I wanted Tom to tell the truth.
I didn't speak French at all at that time.
I know where you went fishing.
I wanted Tom to stay in school.
I have my own reasons for learning French.
I didn't feel anything at all.
I wanted Tom to sit next to me.
We have to speak French in the classroom.
I couldn't handle the problem.
I wanted Tom to sing me a song.
Very few people around here speak French.
Algeria is the best country in the world.
Should we learn Berber or Korean?
Let's have a look at some particular characteristics of this Berber dialect.
He has been learning Berber.
This is bad Berber.
This isn't Berber.
Where does Berber come from?
Tuareg and Zenaga have retained a lot of characteristics from an older stage of Berber.
Berber is used all over North Africa.
Study Berber.
He uses Berber.
She uses Berber.
Some people claim that the Berber language doesn't exist.
Some people believe that the Berber language doesn't exist.
Some people have been working hard to deny the existence of the Berber language.
Some people are working hard to deny the existence of the Berber language.
Everybody understands Berber here.
Everybody uses Berber here.
This is part of our Berber culture.
Just focus on learning Berber.
You need to think about the Berber language differently.
Unfortunately, many parents view Berber as more homework for their kids.
Unfortunately, many parents view Berber as more homework for their children. In fact, they need to think about the Berber language differently.
Some racists think that they could scare people away just by shouting insults at them.
Some racists think that they could scare people into doing something just by shouting threats and insults.
They are not really interested in the Berber language.
They are not interested in the Berber language.
Read the Berber version.
Read the Berber translation.
Read the Berber text.
If you think you're riding a dead horse, get off!
Is Berber a difficult language?
Berber is difficult to learn.
We have to learn Berber.
Does this only apply to Berber?
Berber is common to all of us.
Berber is common to all of Algerians.
They talked about Berber.
They talked about the Berber language.
We are all Algerian.
He taught Berber.
Give me examples in Berber.
This could be used as a basis for teaching Berber.
This could be used as a basis for teaching Berber vocabulary.
Berber has a different terminology.
What is it called in Berber?
Democracy is an American flag with an eagle and lots of B-52s.
You have to learn Berber.
He's really interested in Berber.
This could be a fantastic basis for teaching Berber.
Berber is our native language.
He speaks Berber fantastically.
He tried to teach them Berber.
He has been exposed to Berber.
She started to learn Berber.
He could read Berber without any problem.
He's much more fluent in Berber.
He spent most of his life speaking Berber.
He was afraid of speaking Berber.
Just try your best to speak Berber.
You'll improve your Berber.
In modesty, no one beats me.
Those who died during the Black Spring in didn't die for a separatist project.
No harm no foul.
He's eager to learn Berber.
I have no idea what Berber sounds like.
Their leader is a son of a bitch.
Their leader is a traitor.
Their leader is a dickhead.
Their leader is a clown.
Their leader is a political clown.
They worship their leader like a god.
When their leader talks, they all fall silent.
Their leader is a cocksucker.
Their leader is an asshole.
Their leader is a lying asshole.
Their leader is working for foreign governments.
Their leader is a traitor who's working for foreign governments.
I have no respect for traitors.
Do you use Skype?
Do you use Google?
Do you use Youtube?
Do you use Yahoo?
Do you use Skype for personal communications?
Do you use Facebook?
Do you use Instagram?
Do you use Twitter?
Do you use Chrome?
Your reports will of course be treated confidentially.
Do you use Twitter for personal communications?
His contributions to the project are undisputed.
Do you use Facebook for personal communications?
Do you use Viber?
Do you use Viber for personal communications?
I want to spare you this frustration!
Do you use Yahoo for personal communications?
Do you use Gmail?
Do you use Gmail for personal communications?
No matter how good you are at anything, there are always about a million people who think they can do better.
No matter how good you are at anything, there are always about a million people who are better at it.
I thought about what I wanted to say so that I would find the right words.
By the way, your fly is open.
I'm re-entering unknown territory.
The quality control system can be greatly expanded.
This could have a massive impact on your life.
When God saw that the way was too long, the hill too steep, the breathing too heavy, he put his arm around you and said: "Come home."
Listen to your pulse rate.
Here you can simply leave numerous comments.
Over the course of years, an average of 607,records per year were added.
Helpers are waiting to enter Munich.
This is sentence number 921.
In principle, there is a need for greater participation.
The black mouse on the screen is dying.
There is a highly dubious award for particularly dog-hating acts.
We are sitting in a room in Algiers.
We are sitting in a cafe in Algiers.
We are sitting in a hotel room in Algiers.
We are sitting in an office in Algiers.
We are sitting in a classroom in Algiers.
We are sitting in a restaurant in Algiers.
The Internet is not filtered in Algeria.
Their leader is a political prostitute.
He's living a privileged life.
Nothing will change in Algeria.
This is the ancestral territory of the Navajo people.
What is there a corpus maintainer for?
I very much hope that we will remain objective and objective.
We don't force anyone to do it right either.
There's still enough time for these tears.
We'll be watching you now.
He still resides in Algiers.
He still resides in the wilaya of Algiers.
We're seeing the same thing in Algeria.
All their children were born in Algeria.
He was born in Algeria stateless.
We have seen that in Algeria.
The Algerian government has done exactly that.
What is the Algerian government doing now?
We are asking Algeria to act now.
We are asking the Algerian government to act now.
We are asking Algeria to act now to solve this problem.
Their leader is paranoid as fuck.
They are paranoid as fuck.
Their leader is pathetic.
They are pathetic.
They are pathetic as fuck.
This is for the benefit of Algeria.
This is for the benefit of all Algerians.
The policies of Algeria have changed.
We are living in a new Algeria.
He was elected with a slim margin.
Buluggin made his capital at Algiers.
Algiers became the new capital of the Zirids.
Berbers converted to Islam.
I wasn't trying to kill anyone.
Rich and healthy rather than poor and sick.
Tom studied the French for several years.
How often do you use this pan?
I wanted Tom to leave me alone.
How much milk do we have left?
I wanted Tom to know the truth.
I want to become a fluent French speaker.
The most important thing is that the heart is good, only that matters.
The way you work, so I would like to spend my vacation.
Standing here saying nothing!
I see a little boy standing right next to me.
Let's see what's coming.
I've fried too many meatballs.
I was only fooling.
I didn't wait for the bus.
Smoking is not allowed during the show!
I'm glad that you've finally told me.
He had to laugh at that phrase.
I think that I have an upset stomach.
This guy's crazy.
I hope that I'm not making a mistake.
I didn't say anything to anybody.
He spoke hardly any Berber.
The tyre on my bicycle has burst.
I have a couch.
I wish that you could stay the night.
I told you that this was a good idea.
I know that it's a great opportunity.
I suppose that I'm going to find out.
Are you ready for this deep film?
I think Tom's a dangerous psychopath.
I didn't felt like celebrating last night.
I think that Tom is a dangerous psychopath.
I think Tom is a dangerous psychopath.
The girl got up suddenly.
Each of them has ten euros.
I still have something to learn.
He rarely appeared sober.
France attacked Algeria in 1830.
France invated Algeria in 1830.
France occupied Algiers in 1830.
France captured Algiers in 1830.
I think this is extremely questionable.
Algerians always resisted French rule.
He emigrated to Algiers.
He decided to embrace Islam.
I think that you've been doing great.
I knew that you weren't OK with that.
I can't believe that I'm saying this.
I just want my father to be better.
I can't believe that you stood me up.
I just thought that we could make up.
I can tell that you're a warm person.
I think that it's time to come clean.
I think that we got it under control.
In Algeria, economic mismanagement led to rising prices.
I guess that you know me pretty well.
Algeria won't descend into anarchy.
Algeria will not slide into economic chaos.
I hear that the competition is tough.
Algeria will not slide into military chaos.
Algeria will not slide into political chaos.
I hope that you're proud of yourself.
I never knew that you cared about me.
I think that you may as well tell me.
I respect the decision that you made.
I know that you two had a thing once.
I suppose that I'm just being stupid.
I know that it's a little unexpected.
I can tell you've suffered.
I think that I have had one too many.
I think that I've had one too many.
I think that we can help one another.
I think that we can help each other.
It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf, you violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation.
Mathematics is just a subset of type theory.
I guess that I was kind of surprised.
We regard them as traitors.
Their leader is regarded as a traitor.
Their leader is regarded as a traitor to the nation.
Their leader is a traitor to his father, to the region and to the whole nation.
I always knew that you were innocent.
In 1830, the French crossed the Mediterranean and invaded Algeria.
I didn't think that you'd be worried.
I didn't think that you'd talk to me.
Little Tom was discovered today in the early morning hours covered by a mountain of sweets, lollipops and chocolate in a front garden and taken to a hospital, he is now in stable condition.
The first Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung was published seventy years ago today.
In a Halloween horror story, a severely injured boy received sweets instead of help everywhere he went.
In 2019, percent of the voters of the ruling conservative Spanish party responded "no" to the question of whether Franco had been a dictator.
Albert Einstein was born in Germany.
Albert Einstein received the Nobel Prize in 1921.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity marked modern science.
We regard their leader as a traitor.
80% of the buildings in Havana were built between and 1958, conserving a unique architectural style.
Sometimes you need chocolate.
It turns out that we were in the same train.
Call me tomorrow morning.
The first set ended in a tie-break.
The classified ad wanted female singers to form an a cappella group.
The magpies like to gang up on my cat.
A quick flick through the data shows that there was reckless spending.
The cache was last indexed at o'clock Greenwich Mean Time.
He was fouled by Leonardo Bonucci earning a free kick.
The connection, as indicated in this chart, I need not dwell upon.
Everyone at the shop found out I grew up on a council estate.
The children were given free rein in the chocolate factory.
The remedy has come under fire lately as a possible carcinogen.
The encounter ignited a flame that propelled her to reinvent herself.
Due to the catastrophic air quality in the Indian capital New Delhi, the government has today distributed five million breathing masks.
In Mexico, it is believed that during the days and of November the soul of the deceased returns to live with their loved ones.
I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need.
You realize that time passes when it's too late.
Only the crazy ones, the drunks and the kids tell the truth.
Glory to Algeria.
Mary is my aunt.
She told me her mother was a doctor.
She told me her mother had been a doctor.
Haven't you finished breakfast yet?
Could you wait for a moment?
I have never doubted about that.
The plane is so ugly!
We are just making use of the opportunity.
I am scared of what I might see.
You're as old as me.
Mary is a pluviophile.
She needs new shoes.
A scalded cat fears cold water.
Let my prayer arise in your sight as incense; the lifting up of my hands as an evening sacrifice.
I have been here since yesterday.
The book was missing a few pages.
The worst thing about autumn is that it doesn't stop raining.
This room's dark.
Experts warn that climate change is speeding up melting on Earth's frozen peaks, threatening the planet's long-term water supply.
The more than global mountain experts attending the first High Mountain Summit warn time is running out for the world's glaciers.
Scientists say Swiss glaciers have lost percent of their volume in the past five years.
The disappearance of hundreds of small glaciers in the Alps was dramatized when hundreds of mourners recently attended what was dubbed a "funeral" to mark the loss of Switzerland's Pizol glacier.
Canadian John Pomeroy, a water resources and climate change expert, said the loss of water resources in mountain ranges around the world is devastating the communities in those areas and destabilizing vast populations downstream.
Around half of humanity relies upon water and rivers that originate in the high mountains. And, so this is used for irrigation. It is used for power production, hydroelectricity. It is used for our urban and community water supplies and it provides essential water for ecosystems from the mountaintop down to the sea.
Pomeroy added the rapidly melting mountain glaciers are contributing to rising sea levels.
Cities along the ocean such as Miami, Venice and Jakarta already are in big trouble.
In the Western U.S., percent of the water supplies are from the high mountains and they drive the economy.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, which measures the impact of global warming, predicts snow cover, glaciers and permafrost will continue to decline in almost all regions throughout this century.
The summit is calling for urgent action to support more sustainable development in both high-mountain areas and downstream. That will involve disaster risk reduction measures, better early warning systems, climate change adaptation and investment in infrastructure to make communities safer.
On Aug. 25, 1989, an 8-year-old girl with cystic fibrosis wrote in her journal that it was "the most best day" because scientists had "found a Jean for Cistik fibrosis."
Thus spake Zarathustra.
A triple-drug therapy has been found to be highly effective in treating the life-threatening disorder.
"We hoped that the gene discovery would someday lead to effective treatments for children and adults with cystic fibrosis," Francis Collins wrote. "Now, years later, that time has come."
Some 30,Americans have been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis, which causes thick mucus buildup in the patient's organs, affecting respiration and digestion.
Those born with the disease are expected to live only into their 40s.
Small island nations are among the most vulnerable to climate change.
Many small island nations are fighting the effects of a warming planet but say they cannot succeed alone.
The deaths of migrants in the back of a refrigerated truck near London last week has focused a spotlight on the lives of those who risk everything to earn a better living in Britain.
Many of the victims are believed to have traveled from Vietnam.
Many migrants are willing to take huge risks.
Many Vietnamese work in nail and beauty salons, which have boomed on British high streets in recent years.
Some migrants endure slavelike conditions.
“In France, Hung worked as a dishwasher in restaurants,” his father told VOA. “But he got back pain after a while doing the work. Hung told me he wanted to go to England as friends told him that working in a nail spa is more comfortable and he may get better pay.”
Le says he wanted his son to stay home and get married, but Hung was determined to go abroad.
They’re taking these dangerous routes and it’s likely they’re still going to continue to come because there’s so much to be gained from their migration here to the UK.
The latest tragedy may put off some migrants from taking risky journeys in the short term. However, as long as there are no legal routes to Britain for low-skilled migrants and the market for cheap, black-market labor remains high, the demand for illegal people-smugglers will continue to grow.
November marks years since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The Wall's demise brought an end to a divided Berlin — and symbolized the eventual liberation of East Germany, and later the rest of Eastern Europe, from communist rule.
While the Wall is long gone, it still casts a shadow over German life.
For people who have removed all animal products from their diets, making sure they're not wearing anything made from an animal, like leather shoes, seems like a natural progression.
In Los Angeles, vegan fashion is a thing now, and retailers are doing their best to meet growing demand for cruelty-free clothing and footwear.
One designer in California devoted quite a bit of time and energy to creating sneakers that are not only made from recycled materials but are fully recyclable themselves.
Some people hate graft because they didn't get their share.
Tom likes to joke around and have fun.
Mary likes to joke around and have fun.
She filled her wheelbarrow with withered flowers.
Without thinking I laughed at the cuteness of the cat.
I wonder why she will be so angry.
Tom must eat something.
Tom has to eat something.
He had already left.
She was nineteen then.
She was nineteen at that time.
There are many books in the library.
I don't celebrate anything.
He refused to help them.
Technology help desk staff are available to assist you.
This album is not afraid to go against the grain of traditional music practice.
List on a flip chart all the tasks and jobs that have to be accomplished.
I flip through this cookbook often, but I haven't used it much.
You may be able to find the item a new home by using Freecycle.
The online chatter about hot-button issues is reaching a fever pitch.
Here's the lowdown on what I learned during the first six months.
The camera has a split-second shutter time lag of just 0.s.
By the luck of the draw, she was hired to join the team of lawyers.
This will not count towards the characters that you can use.
Tomorrow I'm going to try to make liquor from black currants.
Red currants, despite what their color might indicate, are not poisonous.
Drive a nail into this board.
How do lasers work?
Tom decorated his room by hanging up posters.
Mary decorated her room by hanging up posters.
Tom and Mary live in a beautiful seaside town.
Tom lives in a seaside town.
He just said that to be nice.
She just said that to be nice.
Did you just say that to be nice?
Halloween evolved from spooky origins in England, Ireland and Scotland where the Celts believed the dead could walk among the living during the transition between the seasons.
Community colleges are a convenient and cost-effective way for local and international students to earn a degree.
"How was the concert?" "Nothing special."
I was a bit nervous about this.
Tom was a bit nervous about this.
The concert is next Sunday.
The concert takes place annually in Lyon.
The concert finished at ten.
Can you buy tickets for the concert here?
Can tickets for the concert be bought here?
If you've got no time for contemporary music, you won't enjoy this concert.
"Baby Shark" is a children's song.
If you don't care for contemporary music, this concert won't do anything for you.
"Baby Shark" became the Washington Nationals' unofficial anthem.
Tom listened to the "Baby Shark" song.
Tom and Mary's children love "Baby Shark."
A robot that speaks Lojban and dances to Kraftwerk would be cool.
They sat there in silence, as though spellbound by the music.
Their music is relaxing, while the lyrics make you think.
Only a few years after the death of this maestro, his works were forgotten.
His music was by no means revolutionary.
"What is that racket?" "It's music."
"What is that deafening noise?" "It's just music."
This music is breathtakingly beautiful.
The garden was full of people.
He is worried about my health.
She sang quite well.
When the war ended, he had to go into exile.
Who did Tom see?
They disappeared and we remained.
He asked us for help.
He kept writing.
Who saw Tom?
Can't you wait another ten minutes?
Can't you wait ten more minutes?
My father isn't sleeping
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain.
Are you coming to lunch tomorrow?
Have you already decided what your thesis is going to be on?
Have you already decided what your dissertation is going to be on?
They shaved her head.
They shaved his head.
Do you often visit your cousin?
How is it possible you don't know that?
It's five years next month since he began to play the violin.
Next month it'll be five years since he began to play the violin.
Damp patches appear when it rains.
The buses are usually late when it rains.
There are a few things you should know.
Knock it off, boys!
Knock it off, guys!
Knock it off!
Ignore them. They're just a bunch of morons.
Ignore them. They're just a bunch of idiots.
Knock it off, you two.
Mary spread rumors about Alice behind her back.
Mary spread false rumors about Alice behind her back.
That just made her cry more.
This just made her cry more.
This just made Tom cry more.
Why can't you just get along?
Why can't you two just get along?
Then she kissed him.
Then he kissed him.
It's been a long time since I had so much fun.
It's been a while since I had so much fun.
Mary flirted with him to make Alice jealous.
Mary flirted with Tom to make Alice jealous.
Mary kissed Tom right in front of Alice.
Construction of this bridge cost a lot of money.
She won't be prepared.
You know that it is your duty.
Your sister is an awesome girl.
Portugese is spoken in Brasil.
You know that it's your duty.
It was the beginning of a new life.
He worked as a young person in the aerospace industry; subsequently he joined the spacetime corps.
God's law forbids taking the side of the majority when it is wrong.
He speaks Berber as a first language.
He speaks Berber as his first language.
He summarized the text in Berber.
Berber is the only language they speak.
Berber is the only language they speak at home.
Berber is the only language they speak in the village.
Berber is the only language they speak at school.
Berber is their only language.
He is from Algeria originally.
His parents are from Algeria originally.
His wife is from Algeria originally.
His father is from Algeria originally.
His mother is from Algeria originally.
He translated the summary into Berber.
He encouraged his students to speak Berber.
Do you know what they have in common? Nothing!
I will never tell anyone where I hid the treasure.
You write very unreadably.
Speak up.
The snow has already started melting.
Nobody is allowed to go there without my permission.
They need me too much.
He usually comes to the school late.
Tom wrote a letter to his sister.
Tom never speaks French with his parents.
How much do you think it cost?
How much do you think that it cost?
I wanted Tom to do that for us.
I consider myself to be fluent in French.
I wanted Tom to cook me dinner.
Females use their dense network of alliances to gang up against males.
The bonus travelog film is packaged in a splendid digital versatile disc.
Concern had started to gnaw at his insides.
Grit your teeth and keep working on the wretched painting.
I advise you to tighten your belt and make do with less.
The authors looked at two different adaptive radiations in the fossil record.
Please have your traveller's cheque serial numbers to hand.
It's a great folly to grope for a thing in the dark when you have a candle standing by you.
An auto-reply like that would decrease email volume.
A uniform resource locator is a mechanism for specifying names of files.
I have no horse in this race.
He pretended not to hear what I was saying.
I don't care what he thinks.
Die, beast!
You can sell it.
"V" is a preposition.
Don't touch me again!
You will be grandfather soon.
She is suffering from anorexia.
Now I see who my true friends are.
Do you listen to her?
Do you obey her?
He doesn't do things by halves.
Where shall we go tonight?
I paced to and fro.
He's exactly where he wants to be.
Negotiations are going nowhere.
She asked me why it was getting dark so early.
What do we start the day with?
Did you look up the word in a dictionary to see how it's spelled?
I've never seen a metal of that color before; it's probably an alloy.
After five shots, they hit the target.
The cup is empty.
How would you describe the person you love the most?
Taking the last train is always an adventure full of unexpected twists and turns.
She has won numerous prizes.
I don't like ass-kissers.
I don't like brown-nosers.
I haven't written anything.
I am living on the breadline even though I am always working hard.
Spread positive ideas.
If the tail were smarter, it would wag the dog.
Tom listened to zydeco music.
I just don't know you anymore.
Tom sprinted up the stairs.
Tom lives in a close-knit community.
Wikipedia is a free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
The flags seem to be more saturated.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk proclaimed the Turkish Republic in the year of 1923.
Pterosaurs were flying reptiles.
Pterosaurs were not dinosaurs.
Pterodactyls should be called pterosaurs.
The Quetzalcoatlus was the largest pterosaur.
The Quetzalcoatlus is the largest flying animal to have ever lived.
This dinosaur had a long neck.
The Quetzalcoatlus had a 10-meter wingspan.
Mary looked at him again.
Tom looked at her again.
Tom didn't look away.
Mary didn't look away.
Mary looked away.
Tom and Mary text each other constantly.
I know Kurdish.
I speak Kurdish.
I used to think my life was a tragedy, but now I realize it's a fucking comedy.
The Berlin Wall fell in November 1989.
The Berlin Wall fell twenty years ago.
He's cute, isn't he?
She's cute, isn't she?
Did they kiss?
Mary and Alice both have a crush on Tom.
Do you know Kurdish?
In late summer, the forests of Finland are filled with wild berries.
Mixed-fruit jam can contain raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, cherries and other fruits.
Berries and other plant-based foods are rich in antioxidants.
Someone will have to sleep on the floor.
I always have a good time when I go out with you.
The key can be picked up at reception.
The key can be collected from reception.
Tom crashed his Ferrari.
You can pick up the key from reception.
There were only aisle seats.
Who are you dating?
There weren't any window seats left.
There were no window seats left.
The machine doesn't give change.
The exact amount must be inserted.
You have to insert the exact amount.
The film's about to start.
The film is just about to start.
Tom borrowed a book from the library.
He wasn't particularly attractive.
Tom isn't particularly attractive.
She wasn't particularly attractive.
Mary is a homely girl.
Tom is awkward and shy.
Mary is awkward and shy.
Tom works at the library.
Tom doesn't know about my feelings.
Mary doesn't know about my feelings.
"Mary doesn't know about my feelings." "Are you sure about that?"
Tom has a crush on me?
Mary has a crush on me?
They hardly knew each other.
What have you got against woodchip wallpaper? It looks chic!
She was wearing a blue skirt.
She wore a blue skirt.
Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone, prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone, silence the pianos and with muffled drum bring out the coffin, let the mourners come.
It is not important to give life more years, but to give years more life.
Algeria is a very welcoming place.
He lived an ideal life in Algeria.
He checked himself into rehab.
He spread her ashes in Algeria.
He was cremated in Spain and his ashes were spread in Algeria.
He is living a simple quiet life in Algeria.
He has power of attorney over her money.
He has power of attorney over her fortune.
He betrayed us all.
He hated us all.
He insulted us all.
He let us down all.
He disappointed us all.
He helped us all.
He took care of us all.
He lied to us all.
He liked us all.
Since when do you speak Berber?
Since when do you speak English?
Since when do you speak French?
Since when do you speak Russian?
Since when do you speak Polish?
Since when do you speak Arabic?
Since when do you speak Chinese?
Since when do you speak Italian?
Since when do you speak German?
Since when do you speak Turkish?
Since when do you speak Ukrainian?
Since when do you speak Japanese?
Since when do you speak Spanish?
Since when do you speak Portuguese?
Since when do you speak Esperanto?
Since when do you speak Hungarian?
He belongs in Algeria.
People get lost in the woods every day.
People get lost in the jungle every day.
People get lost in this park every day.
People get lost in this city every day.
People get lost in Algeria every day.
People get lost in the desert every day.
People get lost in this area every day.
People get lost in the national park every day.
People get lost at the sea every day.
People get lost in the ocean every day.
People get lost in this country every day.
People get lost in these mountains every day.
He doesn't communicate with his mother very often.
He doesn't communicate with his father very often.
He doesn't communicate with his sister very often.
He doesn't communicate with his brother very often.
He doesn't communicate with his family very often.
He doesn't communicate with his brothers very often.
He doesn't communicate with his sisters very often.
He doesn't communicate with his parents very often.
How did he learn of his son's death.
For God's sake.
How did he learn of his daughter's death.
How did he learn of his father's death.
How did he learn of his mother's death.
How did he learn of his parents' death.
How did he learn of his brother's death.
How did he learn of his sister's death.
How did he learn of his cousin's death.
How did he learn of his uncle's death.
How did he learn of his aunt's death.
How did he learn of his grandfather's death.
How did he learn of his grandmother's death.
How did he learn of his dad's death.
How did he learn of his mom's death.
How did he learn of his boss's death.
How did he learn of his brother-in-law's death.
How did he learn of his sister-in-law's death.
How did he learn of his father-in-law's death.
How did he learn of his mother-in-law's death.
He was in a position to help people.
He was in a position to help the poor.
He was in a position to help the needy.
He had the perfect life.
His father is a respected cop.
His father is a respected policeman.
His father is a respected judge.
His father is a respected attorney.
His father is a respected lawyer.
His father is a respected prosecutor.
His father is a respected teacher.
His father is a respected dentist.
His father is a respected high school principal.
His father is a respected imam.
His father is a respected baseball coach.
His father is a respected football coach.
His father is a respected chef.
His father is a respected soccer coach.
His father is a respected basketball coach.
His father is a respected handball coach.
His father is a respected journalist.
His father is a respected doctor.
His father is a respected Berber teacher.
His father is a respected French teacher.
His father is a respected college professor.
His father is a respected Italian teacher.
His father is a respected pediatrician.
His father is a respected surgeon.
His mother is a respected gynecologist.
His father is a tennis player.
His father is a soccer player.
His father is a basketball player.
His father is a football player.
His father is a handball player.
He was doing Internet porn with his girlfriend.
He was doing Internet porn with his co-workers.
He was doing Internet porn with his classmates.
He was doing Internet porn with his sister.
He was doing Internet porn with a prostitute.
No law enforcement was present.
No cops were present.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing computers.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing expensive dogs.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing exotic birds.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing cars.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing luxury cars.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Algiers.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Moscow.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Beijing.
He moved into an upscale suburb in London.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Tokyo.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Istanbul.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Canberra.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Ankara.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Madrid.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Brussels.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Rome.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Budapest.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Damascus.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing cars now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing jewelry now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing boats now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing guns now.
He stole computers and sold them through a middleman.
He stole cars and sold them through a middleman.
He stole guns and sold them through a middleman.
He was a successful computer salesman.
He was a successful car salesman.
We need more servants.
We need more teachers.
We need more technicians.
We need more journalists.
We need more engineers.
We need more workmen.
We need more cops.
We need more waiters.
We need more waitresses.
We need more security guards.
Weed more nurses.
We need more doctors.
We need more clients.
He landed in jail for domestic violence.
He landed in jail for burglary.
He landed in jail for doing Internet porn with a minor.
He landed in jail for drug possession.
He left his brother to languish behind bars.
He left his friend to languish behind bars.
He left his girlfriend to languish behind bars.
She left her boyfriend to languish behind bars.
He left his wife to languish behind bars.
He left his partner to languish behind bars.
He left his best friend to languish behind bars.
He left his sister to languish behind bars.
He left his son to languish behind bars.
He left his daugther to languish behind bars.
She left her husband to languish behind bars.
He left his co-worker to languish behind bars.
He left his assistant to languish behind bars.
He left his friend to fend for himself.
He left his brother to fend for himself.
He left his sister to fend for herself.
He left his son to fend for himself.
He left his daughter to fend for herself.
He left his girlfriend to fend for herself.
He's a cold-hearted son of a bitch.
He's living the good life in suburban Algiers.
He's a lawyer with an upcoming private practice.
He's a dentist with an upcoming private practice.
He's a doctor with an upcoming private practice.
He's a pediatrician with an upcoming private practice.
He's a psychotherapist with an upcoming private practice.
He's a psychiatrist with an upcoming private practice.
He's an attorney with an upcoming private practice.
They seemed to be living a charmed life filled with hope and promise.
He was having an affair with one of his clients who was a stripper.
He was having an affair with one of his students.
He was having an affair with one of his customers.
He was having an affair with one of his patients.
He was having an affair with one of his assistants.
He was having an affair with one of his servants.
He was having an affair with one of his secretaries.
He was having an affair with one of his employees.
I am an attorney.
He portrayed himself to be a protector of the innocent.
He may somehow be involved in the murder.
He may somehow be involved in the burglary.
He may somehow be involved in the heist.
He may somehow be involved in the killing.
He may somehow be involved in the crime.
Thank you for your feedback.
He was hiding money from her.
He was keeping secrets from her.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his room.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his office.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his basement.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his garage.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his workshop.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his lab.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his laboratory.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his studio.
He doesn't want things disturbed in his kitchen.
He was helping his clients hide their drug money in offshore accounts.
I know about your crimes.
I know about your infidelity.
I know about your dirty little secrets.
I know about your illegal business.
I know about your criminal past.
He hopes for a better life.
He lived his life to the fullest.
His wonderful life came to an abrupt and tragic end.
He was found unconscious in a parked car.
He violated the deal.
Could he have some secret life?
I'm asking you to believe, not in my ability to bring about change but in yours.
They lied to her.
They lied to him.
Do you need a torch?
Did you just learn that word?
Did you just learn that word today?
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word today?"
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word?"
She never talks to me.
The tile is white.
Why write a letter when you can write an email?
I'm Indonesian.
We're visiting Costa Rica.
I have no idea how he made all that money.
State the text for me.
He looks young but he is older than you in reality.
It is obvious that the ship has sunk.
I think that watching tv is waste of time.
What are you doing here? Waiting? That will be the day!
It is obvious that the ship sank.
What are you doing here? Waiting? You will hardly live to see that!
He's going to kill me.
Only poetry lasts for ever.
You are very lucky.
He went to visit her while she was living in London.
The restaurant is located on the concourse level.
He made a very strong argument, to which I had no choice but to concur.
Tom wrote the message to Mary in French.
How many people will be there?
I wanted Tom to be nicer to me.
How many people were involved?
I thought I heard Tom sneezing.
I thought that I heard Tom sneezing.
I understood what the man said in French.
Everybody in their life needs love at some point.
Most of the men there just wanted to hook up and have sex.
We drove from Algiers to Skikda.
He's dying and he wants to see the kids.
He has a daughter.
He wants his kids.
He wants his sons.
He wants his wife.
He wants his daughters.
She wants her husband.
His story seemed to odd to be true.
His version seemed too odd to be true.
His version of the facts seemed too odd to be true.
His version of the story seemed too odd to be true.
How could you allow yourself to be so naive?
How could you allow yourself to be so stupid?
He got a text message.
He got an email.
His throat was cut.
He had bite marks on his forearms.
They are serving sentences with no parole. They will die in prison.
He's horribly disfigured as if acid has eaten his flesh.
These eyeglasses don't belong to that boy.
These glasses don't belong to that boy.
In August, Microsoft tested the 4-day week in Japan. As a result, 25.4% of employees took less vacation, 58.7% fewer pages were printed, power consumption fell by 23.1%, and productivity increased that month by 39.9%.
Did you lose your glasses?
Did you buy glasses?
Did you lose your purse?
Did you lose your wallet?
They were picking at girls.
Did you lose your ring?
Did you lose your book?
Did you lose your hat?
Did you lose your backpack?
Did you lose your dictionary?
Did you lose your sunglasses?
Did you lose your phone?
Did you lose your iPhone?
Did you lose your laptop?
Did you lose your gloves?
Did you lose your ID card?
Did you lose your passport?
Did you lose your ticket?
Did you lose your beanie?
Did you lose your helmet?
Did you lose your school ID?
Did you lose your badge?
Did you lose your gun?
Did you lose your rifle?
Did you lose your key?
Did you lose your car key?
Did you lose your walking stick?
Did you lose your contact lenses?
Did you lose your lenses?
Did you lose your mug?
Did you lose your lunchbox?
Did you lose your knife?
Did you lose your checkbook?
Did you lose your watch?
This is a recreational sport for the idle rich.
Life on this island seems picture-perfect.
Life on this island seems ideal.
Life on this island seems perfect.
He was in the emergency room with horrific burns, barely clinging to life.
His daughter clung to life with horrific burns.
His daughter is barely clinging to life in the hospital.
When you smile, I want to kiss you at once.
I've never seen a film in Esperanto.
I know Portuguese, you know German, he knows English, she knows Italian, and he or she knows French. We know Esperanto, you know Spanish, they know Russian, they know Japanese, and they know French.
I love you, you love me, he loves himself, she loves herself, and it loves itself. We love you, you love us, and they love themselves.
I can be your best friend or your worst enemy. Choose wisely.
He bludgeoned her to death with a whisky bottle.
He bludgeoned her to death with a wine bottle.
He bludgeoned her to death with a beer bottle.
He bludgeoned her to death with a vodka bottle.
He was killed by his own son.
He was killed by his own daughter.
He was killed by his own sister.
He was killed by his own mother.
He was killed by his own parents.
He was killed by his own father-in-law.
He was killed by his own mother-in-law.
He was killed by his own brother-in-law.
He was killed by his own sister-in-law.
He was killed by his own stepfather.
He was killed by his own stepmother.
He was killed by his own stepson.
He was killed by his own stepdaughter.
He was killed by his own stepbrother.
He was killed by his own stepsister.
He was killed by his own uncle.
He was killed by his own aunt.
He bragged about the killing.
I've never watched a movie in Esperanto.
He bragged about the murder.
He bragged about the rape.
He bragged about the burglary.
He bragged about the crime.
He testified in court to the fact that his father committed the crime.
He was tortured by his own father.
He was tortured by his own mother.
He was tortured by his own parents.
He was tortured by his own son.
He was tortured by his own wife.
He was tortured by his own daughter.
He was killed by his own wife.
She was killed by her own husband.
He said he finally felt safe after he killed that dog.
He coveted his father's wealth.
He coveted his mother's wealth.
He coveted his brother's wealth.
He coveted his sister's wealth.
Who's using who?
Who's talking to who?
Who's stealing who?
Who's hitting who?
He came here, to Algeria.
He came here, to Algiers, Algeria.
Djanet is Disneyland for tourists visiting the Algerian Sahara.
Djanet is Disneyland for tourists seeking adventure in Algeria.
He's from a prominent Algerian family.
He's from a prominent Tlemcen family.
He wasn't crazy about going to Algiers. She was the one who wanted to move there.
He ended up here in Algiers.
This mansion was designed and built by an Algerian architect.
What did she say yesterday?
He found this book on the nightstand.
He found this magazine on the nightstand.
He found this phone on the nightstand.
He found these glasses on the nightstand.
He found this wallet on the nightstand.
He found this laptop on the nightstand.
He found this light bulb on the nightstand.
He found this syringe on the nightstand.
He found this condom on the nightstand.
He found this glass on the nightstand.
He found this iPhone on the nightstand.
He found this dildo on the nightstand.
He found this ring on the nightstand.
He found this newspaper on the nightstand.
Thanks for looking after my house.
Thanks for looking after my apartment.
Thanks for looking after my backyard.
Thanks for looking after my flat.
Thanks for looking after my dog.
Thanks for looking after my fish.
Thanks for looking after my cat.
Thanks for looking after my pets.
Now you know my dirty little secret.
Plug it in and see if it still works.
Plug the drill in and see if it still works.
Plug the TV in and see if it still works.
Plug the hairdryer in and see if it still works.
Plug the oven in and see if it still works.
He surprised his father with a gift.
He surprised his mother with a gift.
He surprised his sister with a gift.
He surprised his brother with a gift.
He surprised his wife with a gift.
He surprised his girlfriend with a gift.
He surprised his grandfather with a gift.
He surprised his grandmother with a gift.
She surprised her husband with a gift.
She surprised her boyfriend with a gift.
He left that off the list.
I used to come here when it was a bakery.
I used to come here when it was a bar.
I used to come here when it was a restaurant.
I used to come here when it was a pub.
I used to come here when it was a cafeteria.
I used to come here when it was a nightclub.
I used to come here when it was a church.
I used to come here when it was a mosque.
I used to come here when it was a park.
We need the car tonight.
We need the computer tonight.
We need the hairdryer tonight.
We need the laptop tonight.
We need the camera tonight.
We need the truck tonight.
We need the van tonight.
He was waiting for the elevator.
He fixed the vibrator.
He fixed the TV.
He fixed the TV set.
He fixed the laptop.
He fixed the car.
He fixed the refrigerator.
He fixed the phone.
He fixed the iPhone.
He fixed the radio.
He fixed the camera.
He fixed the video recorder.
He fixed the mike.
He fixed the microphone.
He fixed the chainsaw.
He fixed the engine.
He fixed the mower.
He fixed the flashlight.
He fixed the fridge.
He fixed the lock.
He fixed the door.
He fixed the water heater.
He fixed the air conditioner.
He can fix the phone.
He can fix the iPhone.
He can fix the computer.
He can fix the laptop.
He can fix the video recorder.
He can fix the fridge.
He can fix the refrigerator.
He can fix the bicycle.
He fixed the bicycle.
He fixed the bike.
He can fix the bike.
He fixed the alarm.
He can fix the alarm.
He can fix the alarm system.
He fixed the alarm system.
He had a fire in his apartment last night.
He had a fire in his house last night.
He had a fire in his garage last night.
He had a fire in his studio last night.
The vibrator was plugged in.
The hairdryer was plugged in.
The oven was plugged in.
The computer was plugged in.
The washing machine was plugged in.
The machine was plugged in.
The refrigerator was plugged in.
The fridge was plugged in.
The screen was plugged in.
The monitor was plugged in.
The video recorder was plugged in.
The hair clipper was plugged in.
The dishwasher was plugged in.
What was he doing late at night alone in that office?
What was he doing late at night alone in that garage?
What was he doing late at night alone in that studio?
What was he doing late at night alone in that cabin?
What was he doing late at night alone in that room?
What was he doing late at night alone in that house?
What was he doing late at night alone in that apartment?
What was he doing late at night alone in that basement?
What was he doing late at night alone in that warehouse?
What was he doing late at night alone in that cemetery?
What was he doing late at night alone in that library?
What was he doing late at night alone in that classroom?
What was he doing late at night alone in that bedroom?
The fire started in his room.
The fire started in his apartment.
The fire started in his studio.
The fire started in his garage.
The fire started in his house.
The fire started in his cabin.
The fire started in his booth.
The fire started in his flat.
The fire wasn't his fault. It was ours.
The accident wasn't his fault. It was ours.
He stole the fridge.
He stole the refrigerator.
He stole the vibrator.
He stole the camera.
He stole the laptop.
He stole the computer.
He stole the chainsaw.
He stole the rifle.
He stole the gun.
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the TV?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the computer?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the laptop?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the camera?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the chainsaw?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the hairdryer?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the phone?
Why didn't you just tell me you broke the iPhone?
He was at the sex store.
He was at the bar.
He was at the pub.
He was at the nightclub.
He was at the bakery.
He was at the minimart.
He's using the chainsaw right now.
He's using the hairdryer right now.
He's using the hair clipper right now.
He's using the saw right now.
He's using the hammer right now.
He arrived from Algeria in time for his birthday.
The instructions are in Berber, too.
He's incredible, just like his father.
He's incredible, just like his brother.
He's incredible, just like his sister.
These are the gloves I used when I was your age.
These are the sunglasses I used when I was your age.
These are the sneakers I used when I was your age.
You need to have a lot of time and a whole lot of energy to raise a kid.
You're an A-hole.
Now you're just being an asshole.
Now you're just being an A-hole.
Raising a child is physically exhausting.
"Raising a child is physically exhausting." "Yeah. I can see that."
He wants to go to college to study astronomy.
He wants to go to college to study astrophysics.
He wants to go to college to study geology.
He wants to go to college to study Berber.
He wants to go to college to study medicine.
He wants to go to college to study law.
He wants to go to college to study Islamic history.
Why, God, why?
It's all gobbledygook to me.
Tom said it was all gobbledygook to him.
Tom's eyes are bluish hazel.
“Everything for rubles” is my favorite store.
“One dollar store” is my favorite store.
Tom, give me that thingy over there, please.
Do you guys speak Ladino?
Do you all speak Ladino?
Do you gals speak Ladino?
My fellow citizens, tonight is my last opportunity to speak to you from the Oval Office as your President. I am profoundly grateful to you for twice giving me the honor to serve, to work for you and with you to prepare our Nation for the 21st century.
This has been a time of dramatic transformation, and you have risen to every new challenge. You have made our social fabric stronger, our families healthier and safer, our people more prosperous. You, the American people, have made our passage into the global information age an era of great American renewal.
In all the work I have done as President—every decision I have made, every executive action I have taken, every bill I have proposed and signed—I've tried to give all Americans the tools and conditions to build the future of our dreams in a good society with a strong economy, a cleaner environment, and a freer, safer, more prosperous world.
I have steered my course by our enduring values: opportunity for all, responsibility from all, a community of all Americans.
I have sought to give America a new kind of Government, smaller, more modern, more effective, full of ideas and policies appropriate to this new time, always putting people first, always focusing on the future.
Our economy is breaking records with more than million new jobs, the lowest unemployment in years, the highest homeownership ever, the longest expansion in history.
More than million children have health insurance now, and more than million Americans have been lifted out of poverty.
At this remarkable moment in history, more people live in freedom than ever before. Our alliances are stronger than ever. People all around the world look to America to be a force for peace and prosperity, freedom and security.
As we become ever more diverse, we must work harder to unite around our common values and our common humanity. We must work harder to overcome our differences, in our hearts and in our laws.
We must embrace boldly and resolutely that duty to lead - to stand with our allies in word and deed and to put a human face on the global economy, so that expanded trade benefits all peoples in all nations, lifting lives and hopes all across the world.
I refer, of course, to the treaty to ban nuclear tests in the atmosphere, outer space, and under water--concluded by the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States--and already signed by nearly countries.
The world has not escaped from the darkness. The long shadows of conflict and crisis envelop us still. But we meet today in an atmosphere of rising hope, and at a moment of comparative calm.
I have come to salute the United Nations and to show the support of the American people for your daily deliberations.
Our concepts of the world are different. No service is performed by failing to make clear our disagreements. A central difference is the belief of the American people in self-determination for all people.
We believe that the people of Cuba must be free to secure the fruits of the revolution that have been betrayed from within and exploited from without.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."
I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight; "and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together."
With this faith, we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.
And when this happens, and when we allow freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual: Free at last! Free at last!
But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition.
Life in freedom is not easy, and democracy is not perfect. But we never needed to build a wall to keep our people with us and prevent them from going elsewhere.
All free people, wherever they may live, are citizens of this city of Berlin, and therefore, as a free man, I am proud to be able to say: I am a Berliner.
Tom has been declared persona non grata in Hungary.
Tom and Mary have been declared personae non gratae in Hungary.
The border police brutally arrested Tom, who tried to enter the country illegally.
Tom applied for political asylum in Germany.
She used to sit by the river every day, talking to ducks.
Everybody was surprised when I entered the room.
This is a very serious repair.
She would sit by the river every day, talking to ducks.
I had two cups of tea.
The antimatter is very unstable.
Don't believe that nonsense!
Having thus imparted to you my sentiments, as they have been awakened by the occasion which brings us together, I shall take my present leave; but not without resorting once more to the benign parent of the human race, in humble supplication that since he has been pleased to favour the American people, with opportunities for deliberating in perfect tranquility, and dispositions for deciding with unparellelled unanimity on a form of Government, for the security of their Union, and the advancement of their happiness; so his divine blessing may be equally conspicuous in the enlarged views, the temperate consultations, and the wise measures on which the success of this Government must depend.
Sixteen hours ago an American airplane dropped one bomb on Hiroshima, an important Japanese Army base. That bomb had more power than 20,tons of T.N.T. It had more than two thousand times the blast power of the British "Grand Slam" which is the largest bomb ever yet used in the history of warfare.
With this bomb we have now added a new and revolutionary increase in destruction to supplement the growing power of our armed forces. In their present form these bombs are now in production and even more powerful forms are in development. It is an atomic bomb. It is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe. The force from which the sun draws its power has been loosed against those who brought war to the Far East.
President von Weizsacker has said: "The German question is open as long as the Brandenburg Gate is closed." Today I say: As long as this gate is closed, as long as this scar of a wall is permitted to stand, it is not the German question alone that remains open, but the question of freedom for all mankind. Yet I do not come here to lament. For I find in Berlin a message of hope, even in the shadow of this wall, a message of triumph.
I'm German by passport, Hessian by birth and a Frankfurter by God's grace.
Tom gave himself up?
Tom surrendered?
You could swim now.
Has Tom tried that?
The Kurdish alphabet consists of thirty-one letters: a, b, c, ç, d, e, ê, f, g, h, i, î, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, ş, t, u, û, v, w, x, y, z.
Ununbium is the chemical element with symbol Uub and atomic number 112.
The connexion is miserable today!
Tom speaks French with his grandparents.
How many pancakes did you eat?
I thought I heard Tom coughing.
I thought that I heard Tom coughing.
How many of these do you want?
I need to talk to Tom's mother.
How many hot dogs did you eat?
I need to talk to Tom's father.
I can teach you French if you want me to.
I was a fool to listen to him.
I was a fool to listen to her.
I was a fool to listen to Tom.
People on the island are asking for help.
I thought that you said that you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I thought you said that you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I thought that you said that you weren't afraid.
I thought that you said you weren't afraid.
It was a scary movie.
I think you and Tom should get together again.
I think you and Mary should get together again.
At least she's speaking to me again.
At least Tom is speaking to me again.
How many children were killed?
Tom doesn't speak French, but Mary does.
How many drummers do you know?
I need to say something to Tom.
How many cities did you visit?
I need to know where Tom lives.
How many children have you killed?
I need to know Tom's last name.
Do you want to know how I learned French?
Tom put his finger to her lips.
Not another word.
How many buildings do you own?
I need Tom to stay where he is.
Mary is the heiress to a large fortune.
Tom is the heir to a large fortune.
Our eyes should meet when we shake hands with each other.
I'll take the most expensive one.
When cowardice is conducive to self-preservation, it is called intelligence.
I drink coffee more than water.
Tom doesn't have many pictures of himself as a baby.
The ukelele chords are always in her CD's pamphlet.
There are no lights hanging from the roof in the room.
Until he comes back, I will wait here.
We were talking and I casually asked about something, and I wasn't really interested, so it doesn't matter to me if you speak or not.
Even though I put my all into this to begin with it ended up being menial work, so I think it didn't turn out great.
For when the typhoon comes by, I want to prepare for it as best as I can.
I hope that our plane leaves on time.
I knew that it wouldn't be that easy.
I knew that you wouldn't leave early.
I knew that you wouldn't wait for me.
I knew that you'd be able to do that.
Tom and I spoke to each other in French.
How many boys have you kissed?
I have to go shopping with Tom.
How long has this been broken?
I don't understand Tom's anger.
I tried to talk to the waiter in French.
I never said that I wouldn't do that.
I think that we should do this later.
I think that we'd better leave early.
I think that all of us could do that.
I think that I've waited long enough.
I think that I'd like to go with you.
I don't think this is a fake.
I don't think that this is a fake.
Can you send me the pictures that you took yesterday?
Can you send me the pictures you took yesterday?
I thought I didn't do that very well.
I thought that I didn't do that very well.
I thought I didn't do that so well.
I thought that I didn't do that so well.
I think that you're hiding something.
I think that you're doing a fine job.
I wasn't the one that complained.
Louise has traveled a lot for London recently.
I wish that I'd known how to do that.
Will Lucas move to Toronto or Georgia?
That's a pencil.
Is Tom going to take the job in Boston or the one in Chicago?
Tom doesn't really want to learn French.
How did I not see this coming?
He had a secret apartment.
He had a secret studio.
He had a secret house.
He had a secret cabin.
I think anyone can do that.
I think anybody can do that.
I wondered whether we could do that.
They will come in April.
If she didn't act like that, we could have done a better job.
It's a very quick and easy procedure.
He was working at a doctor's office.
He moved to Algiers from Spain.
He really had a dream that he wanted to make a reality.
He's planning a career in finance.
He epitomizes the American dream.
He had a successful life in Algeria.
He hired a receptionist with a Kabyle accent.
He's relaxing in a mansion he bought in Algeria.
He bought a big old house in Algeria.
He owned a very big mansion in Algeria.
He built a very big house in Algeria.
He built a very nice house in Algeria.
He was very much involved in the Oran party scene.
The doctor forgot his prescription pad in his car.
The greatest happiness in life consists in the conviction that we are loved.
I didn't realize that I had to leave.
I didn't think that I should do that.
I didn't think that I'd get arrested.
I didn't think that I'd get punished.
I didn't think that you were jealous.
I didn't think that you'd be jealous.
I didn't think that you'd be nervous.
I didn't think that you'd understand.
I didn't want anybody to hear me.
Tom can communicate very well in French.
I hope that we'll be able to do that.
I knew that I didn't have to do that.
I knew that I was being photographed.
Bejaia is a prosperous Algerian city.
They came to Algeria from Spain in 2004.
He came to Algeria for a fresh start.
The Algerian city of Boumerdes was devastated by an earthquake in 2003.
He dreams that one day he will own a large house in Algeria.
He bought a new house in an Algiers affluent suburb.
He's studying alone.
This is her fortieth birthday.
He called police.
He called the police.
He ran to her aid.
I know that there's still work to do.
I know that this is how it has to be.
I know that we'll be able to do that.
Tom sang a song in French.
He was sentenced to four life sentences without parole.
He still portrays himself as being the victim.
I looked around, but didn't see anybody.
Sometimes life hits you with a brick on your head. Don't lose faith. I am convinced that the only thing that kept me going was the fact that I loved what I did. You have to find what you love. And that goes for your work as well as for your lovers.
I realized that I was being followed.
They had sexual intercourse four times.
I said I wanted to do that.
I swear that I won't do that anymore.
I think that I can do that by myself.
I parked my car near the gate.
I think that I'd be happy doing that.
I think that I don't have to do that.
I think that I need to do that today.
I think that doing that would be fun.
I think that it'll be fun to do that.
I think that it'll be worth the wait.
He must be taken away.
He admitted to killing his Algerian wife.
She has been having lesbian encounters.
His wife has been having lesbian encounters.
His wife wasn't a lesbian.
She wasn't a lesbian. None of it is true.
He wasn't gay. None of it is true.
He wasn't a cross-dresser. None of it is true.
He wasn't a bisexual. None of it is true.
He wasn't bisexual. None of it is true.
I don't live very close to Tom.
How did I not know about that?
In the end, love wins.
Algerians were able to break the yoke of French colonization.
Algerians were able to break the yoke of more than a century of French colonization.
He was living life in the fast lane.
I'll take the more expensive ones.
Spring in Algeria is a joyous time.
I'll take the most expensive ones.
This is what ruined my life.
Algiers is a very busy city.
Don't tell him my address.
Don't tell him my phone number.
Don't tell him my name.
Don't tell him my first name.
Don't tell him my last name.
Don't tell him my email address.
Don't give him my address.
Don't give him my phone number.
Don't give him my email address.
Don't give him my full name.
Don't give him my last name.
Don't give him my first name.
He claimed throughout the trial that he was innocent.
She held my hands and looked at me very emotionally.
She held my hands, looked at me very emotionally and told me: "I'll miss you."
I don't think I'll get a good grade on the test.
Hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard, to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives. Everything that makes man's life worthwhile-family, work, education, a place to rear one's children and a place to rest one's head -all this depends on decisions of government; all can be swept away by a government which does not heed the demands of its people.
They are the essence of our differences with communism today. I am unalterably opposed to communism because it exalts the state over the individual and the family, and because of the lack of freedom of speech, of protest, of religion, and of the press, which is the characteristic of totalitarian states. The way of opposition to communism is not to imitate its dictatorship, but to enlarge individual freedom, in our own countries and all over the globe.
So the road toward equality of freedom is not easy, and great cost and danger march alongside us. We are committed to peaceful and nonviolent change, and that is important for all to understand though all change is unsettling. Still, even in the turbulence of protest and struggle is greater hope for the future, as men learn to claim and achieve for themselves the rights formerly petitioned from others.
So we part, I to my country and you to remain. We are-if a man of forty can claim that privilege-fellow members of the world's largest younger generation. Each of us have our own work to do. I know at times you must feel very alone with your problems and difficulties. But I want to say how impressed I am with what you stand for and the effort you are making; and I say this not just for myself, but for men and women everywhere. And I hope you will often take heart from the knowledge that you are joined with fellow young people in every land, they struggling with their problems and you with yours, but all joined in a common purpose; that, like the young people of my own country and of every country I have visited, you are all in many ways more closely united to the brothers of your time than to the older generations of any of these nations; and that you are determined to build a better future.
The freedom of faith, of conscience and of religious and ideological confession are inviolable.
Conscious of its responsibility before God and mankind, inspired by the will to serve the peace of the world as an equal member in a united Europe, the German people, by virtue of their constitutional power, have given themselves this Constitution.
They need to pay first.
There is some coffee left.
I'd take Mary over Alice any day of the week.
I'm not Indian.
Last month temperatures were 0.69°C above average, making October the hottest on record.
Globally, October was 0.69°C warmer than the average October from 1981-2010, making it by a narrow margin the warmest October in this data record. Europe generally saw above-average temperatures, with the exception of most of the north and north-west of the continent. Temperatures were much above average in large parts of the Arctic.
Globally, the twelve-month period from November to October was 0.56°C warmer than the 1981-average. The warmest twelve-month period was from October to September 2016, with a temperature 0.66°C above average. is the warmest calendar year on record, with a global temperature 0.63°C above that for 1981-2010.
A new report by 11,scientists in countries from a broad range of disciplines warns that the planet “clearly and unequivocally faces a climate emergency,” and provides six broad policy goals that must be met to address it.
The study, called the “World scientists’ warning of a climate emergency,” marks the first time a large group of scientists has formally come out in favor of labeling climate change an “emergency,” which the study notes is caused by many human trends that are together increasing greenhouse gas emissions.
On energy, the report calls for the world to “implement massive energy efficiency and conservation practices” and cut out fossil fuels in favor of renewable sources of energy, a trend it notes is not happening fast enough. It also calls for remaining fossil fuels, such as coal and oil, to remain in the ground, never to be burned to generate energy, a key goal for many climate activists.
What's the difference between Russians and Slavs?
My father knew her.
We'll have two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
The German people are therefore committed to inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every human community, peace and justice in the world.
He was going to run away but he had lost his shoes!
We kept on talking.
We continued talking.
We happened to be on the same bus.
I am going home now.
I am glad for three reasons.
Remember compliments you receive. Forget the insults. If you succeed in doing this, tell me how. Keep your old love letters. Throw away your old bank statements.
Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do with your life. The most interesting people I know didn't know at what they wanted to do with their lives. Some of the most interesting 40-year-olds I know still don't.
My father didn't know her.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer. It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen, by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference. It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can. At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot. Yes we can. When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes we can. When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved. Yes we can. She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that we shall overcome. Yes we can. A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves — if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made? This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment.
She is going to be a mother soon.
Many marriages are formed in a drunken state.
I am starting to feel comfortable when I speak Chinese.
Don't try to do all these things at the same time!
Roses are indeed useful flowers, especially when they consist of marzipan.
"May I call you tomorrow?" "If you want to."
I'll borrow the book if you return it in three days.
Which language do smurfs speak?
It won't be raining today but that's not for certain.
Just give them enough to eat every day.
Let's let Mary talk, too.
Lunch is the warm main meal.
Many people have visited Japan.
I should buy some milk.
I need to take a French class this year.
I can't understand Tom anymore.
Do you have any older sisters?
I asked Tom to read me a story.
Do you also play the mandolin?
I asked Tom to meet me at 2:30.
Are you sure it's a centipede?
Tom doesn't like singing in French.
Mary, the mother of Jesus, had at least seven children.
If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.
I think that I don't need to do that.
Let's let Tom talk, too.
I'll lend you this book if you return it next Monday.
I'll lend this book to you if you return it next Monday.
It is our duty to leave to posterity what we know and what we will have gathered.
I think that that's a fantastic idea.
I think that we can be there on time.
I think that we can win today's game.
I think that we had a very good year.
I think that we're going to be there.
I think that I won't like doing that.
I think I'll do that today.
I guess that I'll see you next month.
I suggest that you don't say a thing.
I wish that I could retire right now.
I've been stung by a jellyfish once.
I think that I should turn myself in.
I always leave for work at eight.
I always get home at about six.
I was hoping that you'd sing with us.
I think that it's a great compromise.
I hope that you aren't getting bored.
I think that I did fairly well today.
I wish that we hadn't sung that song.
I wish that I'd never sung that song.
I think that I'm prepared to do that.
I just don't think that that's right.
I can help get things started.
Write it in French.
How long ago did the Tom leave?
When was this building built?
The Devil is selfish.
The Devil is egotistical.
I can't prove you did that.
I hope that we win that championship.
I hope that we win the championship.
I got the punishment that I deserved.
I just thought that I'd go for a run.
I'm fed up with all your complaints.
I hope that you're not getting bored.
I hope you're not getting bored.
I think that you're doing that wrong.
I think that somebody is calling you.
I think that someone is calling you.
I don't usually drink coffee.
I went home because it was getting late.
The only time I wear glasses is when I read.
The only time that I wear glasses is when I read.
I think that you've said that before.
I think that you're completely wrong.
I almost never put sugar in my coffee.
I hardly ever put sugar in my coffee.
I don't usually put sugar in my coffee.
I usually don't put sugar in my coffee.
I could've sworn I saw someone.
I could've sworn that I saw somebody.
I could've sworn that I saw someone.
I couldn't have picked a better time.
I hardly ever kiss my children.
I didn't think that I'd be so lonely.
I didn't think that I'd be so sleepy.
I feel that I owe you an explanation.
I think I owe you an explanation.
I think that I owe you an explanation.
I feel like I owe you an explanation.
I feel like I owe you an apology.
I feel like a millionaire.
I hope that I'm not doing this wrong.
I hope that you're as amused as I am.
I wish that doing that was that easy.
I'm the one that set this all up.
I think that you'll like the dessert.
I guess that we'd better get started.
I hope that we don't miss our flight.
I think that we'd better get started.
I think that we're on the wrong road.
I wouldn't be able to do that for a living.
Please tell Tom that he doesn't need to close all the windows.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
Don't kick me.
I need a sword.
Listen, please.
Stop fighting.
Help Tom get up.
Help me get up.
I'm half asleep.
I'm leaving, too.
That's fine, too.
Wait for me on the porch.
Where will you live?
I already know Tom.
Tom was on his way home when he got hit by a car.
It looks interesting.
Neither book is mine.
Tell me when to come.
Tell me when you'll be here.
You can still do that, can't you?
I can't give you a job.
I have to say yes.
Let's try this one, too.
Tom was the one who gave me this.
When can you take over?
When can you start working?
When did you come here?
When does the pub open?
When does the bar open?
When does the dining room open?
Did you really lose your ticket?
I don't believe that it's over.
I don't believe it's over.
Have you already asked Tom what he thinks?
How much did you expect to get?
How much did you expect to be paid?
It would take more time.
Most people think that I'm crazy.
When does the pub close?
When does the bar close?
When does the dining room close?
You're in a good shape.
Have I told you this before?
Help me solve the puzzle.
Help me solve this puzzle.
Is this a live broadcast?
Suicide isn't an option.
That's what Tom gave me.
This isn't for everyone.
This isn't for everybody.
Not everyone enjoys this kind of thing.
Not everybody enjoys this kind of thing.
When does the supermarket open?
Guess where I found this.
You misspelled this word.
You've misspelled this word.
Are you still renting that house on Park Street?
Can I borrow your knife?
How many fish did you eat?
Miracles happen every day.
Put on your jacket and come with us.
When was this photo taken?
When was this picture taken?
Why did you buy this bike?
You're better looking than I am.
Did you order the same thing as Tom?
Did you order the same thing Tom did?
Get something for yourself.
How long will you be there?
I can't finish it in a day.
If you need help, I'm here.
That isn't part of my job.
You seem impatient today.
I don't like big crowds.
I hadn't heard that before.
This is completely new to me.
How much does a teacher earn?
What are you doing with that?
What triggered the explosion?
What's the problem with this?
Can you get me another ticket?
I don't see what the point is.
What exactly do biologists do?
Don't waste your time on these.
Don't waste your time trying to do that.
Everyone thinks Tom is rich.
Everyone thinks that Tom is rich.
Everybody thinks Tom is rich.
Everybody thinks that Tom is rich.
It does us more harm than good.
Sometimes Tom is a little weird.
Will you lend your knife to me?
How much do you earn a day?
I thought you'd like it, too.
I thought that you'd like it, too.
That's all you have to do today.
That's all we have to do today.
That's all you need to do today.
That's all I have to do today.
You'll have time for that later.
We'll have time for that later.
I used to want to be an architect.
I think I can help you with that.
I think that I can help you with that.
It was a really interesting case.
It was a really interesting movie.
It would be a shame for you to miss this.
Why do you want to borrow my knife?
Would you fry a couple of eggs for me, too?
Don't believe everything Tom tells you.
Don't forget to buy some eggs, too.
I have no idea what that might be.
Spend some time with your kids, too.
The world is full of crazy people.
We couldn't have had a worse time.
When you're done, you can go home.
I don't know where this comes from.
What are you going to do with this?
I spent a few days in the mountains.
I'll look into it when I have time.
I'll look into it when I have more time.
The same thing could've happened to you.
The same thing could've happened to me.
The same thing could've happened to us.
Which color should I buy for you?
Can you lend me one of your hammers?
Do you know how to catch a butterfly?
If I knew Tom's address, I'd write to him.
There's no chance of this happening again.
There's no chance of that ever happening.
Don't tell me you've lost your ticket.
Don't tell me that you've lost your ticket.
We have no classes tomorrow afternoon.
What would you like to say about this?
How long do you think that we should wait for Tom?
How long do you think we should wait for Tom?
Let me briefly summarize what happened.
Let me briefly summarize the report.
Let me summarize the report.
You'd better lie down for a while.
You should lie down for a while.
I left a note on your desk yesterday afternoon.
If anything happens, please let me know.
Promise me you won't do anything stupid.
Promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Where did you get your inspiration from?
I'm not willing to do that, no matter how much you pay me.
Can I take a few days off?
You've used the wrong punctuation here.
I didn't feel like getting out of bed today.
I got a puppy from my father for my birthday.
I don't think I'll have time for that anymore.
I don't think that I'll have time for that anymore.
I'll take care of your cat while you're away.
I've spent the last few days in the hospital.
Is this your car or are you just renting it?
Is it OK if I leave my suitcases here for a while?
Tom speaks French almost as well as he speaks English.
Don't force Tom to do that if he doesn't want to.
I'm not sure that this translation is correct.
I'm not sure this translation is correct.
I bet you still haven't figured out what this is.
I bet that you still haven't figured out what this is.
This isn't the first time Tom has made that mistake.
This isn't the first time that Tom has made that mistake.
The situation is far more serious than we thought.
This isn't the first time you've made this mistake.
My life would've been much different if I'd had brothers.
Everything that I thought would happened has happened.
Everything I thought would happened has happened.
I have a feeling that Tom is going to be late.
I have a feeling Tom is going to be late.
Life is short, so don't waste your time doing things that you don't like.
Life is short, so don't waste your time doing things you don't like.
What does the sign on the door say?
I'd like to point out that this could become a problem in the future.
I'd like to point out this could become a problem in the future.
People speak French here.
We all wondered where Tom was.
When did you two get married?
Tom wasn't here the last time.
What time will you get there?
Tom wasn't a credible witness.
What else do you need to buy?
Tom tried prove his innocence.
What else do you have to buy?
Tom was studying French.
My nephew is a nurse.
The word "Maranatha" is translated from the Aramaic as "Come, our Lord!"
This word has no translation.
I teach Berber here in Kabylie, Algeria.
Berber has changed my life.
Learning Berber is important.
Learning Berber is extremely difficult.
It's so hard to learn Berber.
They learn Berber every day.
I've learned to speak Berber.
He takes great pride in the fact that he can speak Berber.
He listened to music in Berber.
Berber has changed my life and made it better.
Berber has made my life better.
It's important for people to learn Berber.
Everyone wants to learn Berber.
Sure I can speak Berber.
Sure I can speak Berber in Algiers.
I respect the Berber language.
He has taken the time to learn Berber.
My kids went to Algeria.
They both speak perfect Berber.
Their Berber is perfect.
What's the word for feces in Berber?
They loved every second of the Berber class.
You'll learn Berber.
This is an effective way to learn Berber.
He never studied Berber grammar.
He read a Berber grammar.
He studied Berber grammar.
He needs to speak Berber.
If he doesn't speak Berber, he can't master it.
They're both trying to learn Berber.
He's progressing in Berber.
They really want to learn Berber.
Listen to music in Berber.
Talk to me in Berber.
Please talk to me in Berber.
Write me in Berber.
Please write me in Berber.
Write in Berber.
Please write in Berber.
You need to practice Berber every day.
You've got to practice Berber every day.
Practice Berber every day.
It's worth it to learn Berber.
It's really worth it to learn Berber.
If you don't practice Berber, you're not going to succeed at learning it.
Learning Berber will change my life.
Why can't Tom close them?
When someone forgets you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, forget about him.
The toponyms that I have just given are those of places of Djemaa-Saharidj village. Did you know that?
I can comfort them.
Sexual behaviors that are viewed as normal during sleep and are accompanied by extensive research and documentation include nocturnal emissions, nocturnal erections, and sleep orgasms.
Sexsomnia is the term for a sleep disorder which, like sleepwalking, belongs to the area of parasomnias and to the group of non-organic sleep disorders. This disorder is a state in which the affected person is apparently awake, performs sexual acts such as masturbation or, in the presence of another person, sexual intercourse, but does not come to consciousness from non-REM sleep and often cannot remember his or her actions after waking up.
A popular Android keyboard app, ai.type, downloaded more than million times and included in the Google Play app store, has been caught making millions of unauthorized purchases of premium digital content, researchers at mobile technology company Upstream report. The app has been delivering millions of invisible ads and fake clicks, while delivering genuine user data about real views, clicks and purchases to ad networks.
At work, I draw diagrams.
What arrogance!
According to Eliot, April is the cruelest month.
February is the shortest month.
The nitrite reacts with an aromatic amine to form a diazonium salt.
The patient had elevated levels of N-acetyl-p-benzoquinone imine.
FTIR screening tests should be performed on this batch.
Erbium has been found in certain titanium minerals.
Alongside the zoo is a botanical garden centre.
Our experienced travel consultants can help you to trawl through the best deals around.
This shower is fed directly from the mains water pressure.
The individual agrees that the charity shop will act as their agent in selling the goods.
Go into the Device Manager and uninstall all the Universal Serial Bus controllers.
Outbreaks of rain and hill snow will spread southeast across the Midlands during the morning.
Calvin put the eighth chapter of the Epistle to the Romans as the basis of his theory of predestination.
A drunk and slutty bride was getting carried away on her hen night.
The American dream is to go from rags to riches in one generation.
Since joining, I have seen the business go from strength to strength.
The man comes back with a tin of fruit cocktail and a tin opener.
You will be provided with your own user account.
This particular recall is intended to cover the gas pedal problems.
French knickers are allowed in the world of burlesque.
There are four switches on the wall next to the French windows.
All the data is encrypted to ensure the security of the user ID and password.
The laser sight is pre-sighted from factory, but is user adjustable.
An animal trainer has been mauled to death by lions.
The letter is for you.
I don't know local customs.
Dmitry Vladimirovich shook his finger at Vladimir Dmitrievich.
I listened to this song on cassette tape at the beginning of my way with Christ; I'm feeling nostalgia and awe in my soul.
The cost of train tickets to the Crimea was announced.
Judging by the news, some mess is going on in Russia.
It is he who needs you, not me.
We are not idiots.
This sentence is missing a comma.
It is you who needs me, and not the other way round.
She is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
We gave them money and clothes.
I am afraid of wild animals.
It is just impossible.
My brother always gets up before seven.
I like Spring best.
There are people who are not held back by anything in life.
I wonder if she loves me.
He had to work even on Sundays.
My bicycle is red.
Who is Laurie?
It is enough for the present.
What a beautiful scenery!
It is late. I want to go to bed.
My house is next to the park.
He entered, saying hello.
He sat down on the bench.
After the broadcast ended, we turned the radio off.
I went to bed late again.
She needed to talk to him.
The boss asked me to do it today.
Emily will be visited by her parents.
He left his briefcase behind.
Two five-year-olds in Russia escaped through a self-dug tunnel from their kindergarten - and then tried to buy a jaguar.
Private property is theft.
Cologne Cathedral is what tourists want to see in Cologne.
Her laptop is already five years old.
Twelve symbols are depicted in the table: six human beings and three animals (bull, horse and pigeon).
The structure of the painting is similar to that of a triptych, whose central panel is occupied by the dying horse and the woman carrying the lamp.
Not only is it considered one of the most important works of art of the 20th century, but it has also become an authentic "20th century icon", a symbol of the terrible suffering that war inflicts on human beings.
The apostle Judas quoted the book of Enoch in his epistle and hence it cannot be considered apocryphal.
Tom made a sad puppy face.
Mary made a sad puppy face.
Tom gave her a sad puppy face.
There are people who will stop at nothing to get what they want in this life.
Tom made sad puppy eyes.
The video app TikTok has become the world’s most downloaded app
Teenagers are fueling the craze by posting videos as short as seconds of themselves dancing, lip-syncing, being silly and generally showing off.
Tom didn't want to rush things.
She didn't want to rush things.
Tom had been looking forward to Christmas.
Mary was shocked by this.
Tom couldn't resist Mary's sad puppy look.
You're not going to cry now, are you?
Tom has been looking forward to Christmas.
Tom gave Mary a sad puppy face.
We aren't idiots.
We're not idiots.
Mary went into an Italian pizzeria.
Don't worry. I've got this.
I've got this.
Tom's book became an instant best-seller.
Tom forgot to give Mary her gift.
You look fat in those pants.
I got this for you.
Let me pay the bill.
I think that I've met you before.
You're perfect for each other.
You guys are perfect for each other.
French is a really interesting language.
Tom is focusing on his career.
What else did you want to do?
Tom has done a horrible thing.
What are you planning to say?
Tom didn't disobey his father.
What are you planning to buy?
Tom is my French conversation partner.
What do you plan to buy?
Did you order the same thing Tom ordered?
Can you teach me how to swear in French?
Tom didn't believe in himself.
We've decided to go shopping.
Tom did what he normally does.
I was hoping that you'd sing for us.
I was hoping you'd sing for us.
Tom did very well on the test.
Can you sing "Happy Birthday" in French?
There's no way you can do it.
I wanted to talk to Tom again.
That isn't what we agreed on.
I've only been stung by a jellyfish once.
I wish that I had a bicycle like yours.
I wish I had a bicycle like yours.
I didn't know that you felt that way.
We often speak to each other in French.
I wanted to meet Tom's family.
It sounds rather complicated.
It sounds pretty complicated.
It sounds really complicated.
It sounds very complicated.
I wanted to hang out with Tom.
I've decided not to go there.
I wanted to buy Tom a present.
I wanted to buy a present for Tom.
I wanted to ask Tom something.
I tried to ask Tom something.
Tom did really well on his French test.
Don't care about him.
I don't care about what you want.
The object of use can be an app, a web page, a book, a tool, a machine, a process, a vehicle or something with which a human interacts.
Dominant or submissive - which part do you want to play?
In a democracy such as the one I have in mind, a democracy based on the principles of non-violence, everyone will have the same freedoms. Everyone will be their own boss. I invite you to accompany this fight for such a democracy.
A very well-known use of Morse code was the use of the letter V as a sign for "Victory" by the BBC in World War II.
June, July and September were the warmest months since records were kept and August was the second warmest. Now October once again beats all historical records.
The European Union's Copernicus Climate Change Service, which analyzes temperature data from around the planet, said October was the warmest in their data record, which goes back to 1979.
Did you know that the toponyms that I have just given are those of places of Djemaa-Saharidj village?
Because I resist being categorized, I am often pigeonholed as a nonconformist.
I expected them to tell the truth.
I waited for them to let me in.
I don't borrow them.
Everything is possible for us.
The media had attempted to pigeonhole the indie rock band as a mere novelty.
The child had written in Braille on a Personal Digital Assistant.
He is not "firm"; he is just a pigheaded fool.
You can download our publications in Acrobat Portable Document Format.
The junction box allows you to store the camera's pigtail inside of it.
A dozen frightened Mexicans pile out of the van.
It is my intention to plunder and pilfer my weasely guts out.
I saw an old and hollow pecan tree that had some bees flying around it.
He looked so comical holding his paws up peculiarly.
As Magyarization grew stricter, Slovak nationalism continued to blossom.
Changing the Senate rules now will only further politicize the Supreme Court.
You have given us the confidence to press ahead.
Pollen count is an indicator that allergy sufferers follow.
The press office later reiterated the point.
The backpack looks a bit tatty now, but is still fully functional.
It's easy to customise the camera to suit your shooting style.
The gift cards are just as good as cold, hard cash.
I have gingerly opened the post box each night waiting for the letter.
The name of this self-styled group has become familiar to digerati all over the world.
The house is thousands of metres away from the street telecoms cabinet.
My dream is to visit Agafia Lykova.
She carefully explored the efficiency of the company.
Don't see your language on Common Voice yet?
For these launched languages the website has been successfully localized, and has enough sentences collected to allow for ongoing Speak and Listen contributions.
In Progress.
These languages are currently under community development.
The progress bars indicate how far each language is in the process of website localization and sentence collection.
The "Help" link takes you to a page of frequently asked questions.
Sign up for Common Voice newsletters, goal reminders and progress updates.
Help us find others to donate their voice!
This content is available under a Creative Commons license.
In addition to the Common Voice dataset, we’re also building an open source speech recognition engine called Deep Speech.
Both of these projects are part of our efforts to bridge the digital speech divide.
Voice recognition technologies bring a human dimension to our devices, but developers need an enormous amount of voice data to build them.
Currently, most of that data is expensive and proprietary.
We want to make voice data freely and publicly available, and make sure the data represents the diversity of real people.
Together we can make voice recognition better for everyone.
We’re crowdsourcing an open-source dataset of voices.
Donate your voice, validate the accuracy of other people’s clips, make the dataset better for everyone.
Contributors record voice clips by reading from a bank of donated sentences.
Voice clips are entered into a submission queue that readies them for listening.
Users validate the accuracy of donated clips, checking that the speaker read the sentence correctly.
Is the clip valid?
A voice clip is marked "valid" when a user gives it a Yes vote.
To make it into the Common Voice dataset, a voice clip must be validated by two separate users.
The Common Voice Dataset contains hundreds of thousands of voice samples that help developers build voice recognition tools.
When a user rejects a voice clip it returns to the Queue.
If rejected a second time, the voice clip is moved to the Clip Graveyard.
The Clip Graveyard consists of voice clips that didn't make it into the Common Voice dataset.
Just like the dataset, the Clip Graveyard is available for download.
Get involved.
Want to help make Common Voice even better?
Get in touch via email or on Discourse, submit feedback through GitHub, or join us on Slack.
The "Shortcuts" menu lists keys you can press to perform some common actions quickly.
Click the "Report" button to report a problem with the sentence.
Click the "Skip" button to skip the current sentence.
Click the "Submit" button to submit your voice recordings.
Click the microphone icon.
Click the microphone icon then, read the sentence aloud
Click the play icon. Did they say the sentence accurately?
We’re building an open source, multi-language dataset of voices that anyone can use to train speech-enabled applications.
We believe that large, publicly available voice datasets will foster innovation and healthy commercial competition in machine-learning based speech technology.
Common Voice’s multi-language dataset is already the largest publicly available voice dataset of its kind, but it’s not the only one.
Look to this page as a reference hub for other open source voice datasets and, as Common Voice continues to grow, a home for our release updates.
That ship has sailed!
I am receiving the order.
It's no problem for us.
You have cheated on your wife.
What did God mean when He said that it is necessary to take forth the precious from the vile?
I like your novels.
He feels tired.
He is feeling tired.
I encourage the French to learn German.
I can't knit.
Where is my workbook?
Where is my exercise book?
We have sent the book by post.
We have sent the book by mail.
She bought a toy for her son.
The presence of graves in the places of worship is a violation of God's Law.
Blood poured out at the foot of the altar of burnt offerings of the earthly sanctuary was a prototype of those who gave their lives for the word of God and the testimony of Jesus Christ.
The earthly sanctuary was just a shadow of the true heavenly sanctuary.
I am Norwegian, and you?
What is Judaism?
I need the answers and I need them now.
God destroyed Jerusalem for breaking the fourth commandment by the Jewish people.
Jesus Christ warned that blasphemy against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Jesus Christ warned that many other false "Christs" would appear in the future.
The horse of the fourth horseman of the Apocalypse was actually green.
That's a serious problem.
Tom's computer is already three years old.
Some people danced.
Some people were dancing.
Tom kept humming, even though I asked him to stop.
Some of the others cried.
Some of the others cried, but I didn't.
Many people got on the bus at the last bus stop.
It hasn't started snowing yet.
Are you going to vote?
Come in the afternoon.
It was raining heavily.
They lack common sense.
Tom messed up, as usual.
I know Tom doesn't care.
I know that Tom doesn't care.
I spent the day reading.
I don't think that many people will come.
I don't think many people will come.
It didn't look like Tom was having much fun.
It's not raining right now.
It isn't raining right now.
That won't happen to me.
We ended up getting divorced.
A special visa was required.
A special visa is required.
In a sense, that's correct.
It's been raining for weeks.
Our baby doesn't talk yet.
Several roads remain closed.
I think that Tom hasn't heard the news yet.
I think Tom hasn't heard the news yet.
I can't find my fingernail clipper.
I don't remember calling you.
I know you aren't interested.
I know that you aren't interested.
The prices were too high.
This forest must be protected.
Our forests must be protected.
Which candidate do you prefer?
They didn't know how to react.
Several people drowned.
Tom is a thirty-year old man.
Tom messed up, as he always does.
This forest needs our protection.
Let's see if we can all get along.
Tom and Mary were evacuated by helicopter.
They were evacuated by helicopter.
There were half a dozen fatalities.
Thirty years have passed since that happened.
Tom is always kind to other people.
Next weekend will also be cold.
Next weekend will be cold, too.
I don't need to do anything else today.
Tom doesn't seem to like it very much.
I'd never seen anything like that.
I couldn't afford to live in that neighborhood.
I wouldn't be able to afford to live in that neighborhood.
Let's start with the simple questions.
My parents are originally from Boston.
They didn't deliver what they promised.
Time passes quickly when you're having fun.
Let's hope we don't have to do it again.
Let's hope that we don't have to do it again.
The soldiers watched what was happening.
We just celebrated our thirtieth anniversary.
Tom is about three.
I wonder why my name is no longer on the list.
Both my mother and father are from Boston.
My mother and father are both from Boston.
I no longer live in the same neighborhood.
I no longer live in that neighborhood.
I don't live in that neighborhood anymore.
I didn't know how to handle that situation.
There'll be more than three hundred guests.
This has been one of the driest years we've ever had.
This has been one of the driest years that we've ever had.
I look forward to meeting you again in October.
This is Tom's jacket. Why is it here?
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in October.
It seems like only yesterday, but it's been a long time.
You don't have to read it if you're not interested.
You don't have to read it if you aren't interested.
If you're not interested, you don't have to read it.
If you aren't interested, you don't have to read it.
I want Tom to know I love him.
I want Tom to know that I love him.
I don't earn as much as you think I do.
I'm not ready to get married.
I wanted Tom to help me today.
I'm excited about being here.
I wanted Tom to do that today.
Please teach me how to swear in French.
I'd rather be somewhere else.
I wanted Tom to do me a favor.
I wish that I had more money.
Tom talks to his parents in French.
Die smiling.
Die with a smile.
Did you order the same thing that Tom ordered?
Don't pressure me. Let me think about it.
This isn't the first time that Tom has made a mistake.
This isn't the first time Tom has made a mistake.
Tom's dog spends most of his day outdoors.
You're confusing me with someone else.
Congratulations, you won!
You're confusing me with somebody else.
Congratulations on your graduation.
Tom was the first one to congratulate me.
I tore the paper from the gatepost and put it in my pocket with a sigh.
Tom knew what I meant.
He knew what I meant.
How on earth did you do it?
I wanted to pay off my debts.
I thought I heard Tom snoring.
I thought that I heard Tom snoring.
I tried to get back to sleep.
Do you want to become fluent in French?
I think Tom is feeling better.
I think that Tom is feeling better.
I thought I heard you crying.
I thought that I heard you crying.
Do you know any French tongue-twisters?
I think you should apologize.
I think that you should apologize.
Both of my parents are French teachers.
I had to go shopping with Tom.
I really enjoyed being there.
Have you ever taken any French classes?
I didn't drink as much as Tom.
I didn't drink as much as Tom did.
Any girl can look glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
I didn't think anybody did that anymore.
I didn't think anyone did that anymore.
I wish that someone would do that for me.
I wish that somebody would do that for me.
I wish that I'd had more time to do that.
I wish that I'd eaten more for breakfast.
I wish that I hadn't parked my car there.
I wish that I hadn't done that by myself.
I wish that I had enough money to retire.
I wish that I could dance as well as you.
I wish I could play the guitar.
Madrid and Barcelona airports are among the ten largest European airports in terms of passenger numbers.
It happened in November.
The wall lasted twenty-eight years.
Checkpoint Charlie was famous.
God accepted the sacrifice of Abel and did not accept the fruits of Cain, because first you have to make a sacrifice to God, only then bear fruit, Pesach is celebrated first, only then the Sukkot, first the early rain, and only then the latter rain.
The biggest climate polluter is the global power sector.
Scroll compressors consist of two scrolls to pressurize refrigerant.
Wrap the pots in polythene to retain moisture.
He is an extremely fine and articulate pedagogue.
We must presuppose that the wage paid is economically just.
He finds it easier to just pacify her than be straight up with her.
The strain of his pretension is just too much to bear.
You couldn't just don a skullcap and gatecrash a synagogue.
I jobshare, but have to do four days per week.
The increase in support did not vaporize on polling day itself.
During the reign of King Hezekiah a kind of "Reformation" took place.
This is a difficult problem.
They came from somewhere else.
Where do ideas come from?
This street is lined with trees.
This street is lined with maple trees.
It wasn't long before the word was all over town.
Soon, the word was all over town.
The word was all over the city.
The word was all over town by the next day.
The word was all over school by the next day.
Tom was bored stiff.
Tom joined a commune.
Tom lived in a commune in the 1970s.
Tom is a faithful husband.
Mary is a faithful wife.
Tom and Mary lived in a commune in the 1970s.
Tom and Mary lived in a commune.
Tom and Mary lived in a kibbutz.
The street was lined with trees.
Please write with a ballpoint pen.
Tom lives in a stylish apartment.
Mary lives in a stylish apartment.
The legend of the submerged city of Ys, or Is, is perhaps the most romantic and imaginative effort of Breton popular legend.
Who has not heard of the submerged bells of Ys, and who has not heard them ring in the echoes of his own imagination?
This picturesque legend tells us that in the early days of the Christian epoch the city of Ys, or Ker-is, was ruled by a prince called Gradlon, surnamed Meur, which in Celtic means ‘the Great.’
In the early days of the Christian era, the city of Ys was ruled by a prince called Gradlon.
Gradlon was a saintly and pious man.
Gradlon was a saintly and pious man, and acted as patron to Gwénnolé, founder and first abbé of the first monastery built in Armorica.
Gradlon was a prudent prince, and defended his capital of Ys from the invasions of the sea by constructing an immense basin to receive the overflow of the water at high tide.
This basin had a secret gate, of which the King alone possessed the key, and which he opened and closed at the necessary times.
Gradlon, as is so often the case with pious men, had a wayward child, the princess Dahut.
Gradlon, as is so often the case with pious men, had a wayward child, the princess Dahut, who on one occasion while her father was sleeping gave a secret banquet to her lover, in which the pair, excited with wine, committed folly after folly, until at last it occurred to the frivolous girl to open the sluice-gate.
Stealing noiselessly into her sleeping father’s chamber she detached from his girdle the key he guarded so jealously and opened the gate.
The water immediately rushed in and submerged the entire city.
But, as usual, there is more than one version of this interesting legend.
The city of Ys, says another account, was a place rich in commerce and the arts, but so given over to luxury as to arouse the ire of St Gwénnolé, who, in the manner of Jeremiah, foretold its ruin.
A strong dike protected the city from the ocean, the sluices only admitting sufficient water for the needs of the town.
Gradlon constantly bore round his neck a silver key which opened at the same time the vast sluices and the city gates.
Gradlon lived in great state in a palace of marble, cedar, and gold.
The king's only grief was the conduct of his daughter Dahut, who, it is said, “had made a crown of her vices and taken for her pages the seven capital sins.”
But retribution was at hand, and the wicked city met with sudden destruction.
One night Dahut stole the silver key for the purpose of opening the city gates to admit her lover, and in the darkness by mistake opened the sluices.
But retribution was at hand, and the wicked city met with sudden destruction, for one night Dahut stole the silver key for the purpose of opening the city gates to admit her lover, and in the darkness by mistake opened the sluices.
King Gradlon was awakened by St Gwénnolé, who commanded him to flee, as the torrent was reaching the palace.
The king mounted his horse, and, taking his worthless daughter behind him, set off at a gallop, the incoming flood seething and boiling at his steed’s fetlocks.
The torrent was about to overtake and submerge him when a voice from behind called out: “Throw the demon thou carriest into the sea, if thou dost not desire to perish.” Dahut at that moment fell from the horse’s back into the water, and the torrent immediately stopped its course.
Gradlon reached Quimper safe and sound.
An ancient ballad on the subject, which, however, bears marks of having been tampered with, states, on the other hand, that Gradlon led his people into extravagances of every kind, and that Dahut received the key from him, the misuse of which precipitated the catastrophe.
Dahut, the ballad continues, became a mermaid and haunted the waters which roll over the site of the city where she loved and feasted.
“Fisherman,” ends the ballad, “have you seen the daughter of the sea combing her golden hair in the midday sun at the fringes of the beach?”
“Yes,” replies the fisherman, “I have seen the white daughter of the sea, and I have heard her sing, and her songs were plaintive as the sound of the waves.”
The fishermen in that lake see distinctly under the water, in calm weather, ecclesiastical towers, which, according to the custom of the country, are slender and lofty, and moreover round; and they frequently point them out to strangers travelling through these parts, who wonder what could have caused such a catastrophe.
In the Welsh version of this fascinating legend it is the bard Gwyddno, of the twelfth century, who tells of the downfall of the submerged city.
Like their brothers of Ireland, the fishermen of Wales assert that at low tide they can see the ruins of ancient edifices far down beneath the clear waters of the bay.
Before the days of the French Revolution there was still to be seen at Quimper, between the two towers of the cathedral, a figure of King Gradlon mounted on his faithful courser.
She told him that she hates cooking.
Perhaps you don't know it, but nobody could replace you.
A year has already passed.
They are hiding something.
Americans have long been drawn to big, open spaces, so perhaps it’s no surprise that houses built in the United States are among the most expansive on the planet.
American houses are big. And they keep getting bigger.
The size of the average house has more than doubled since the 1950s.
I wish I knew his address.
In 2019, the average size of a new single-family home was square meters (2,square feet), according to the National Association of Homebuilders.
Deeply held feelings about one’s home may be rooted in America’s homesteading, pioneering past.
“The appeal of the house for Americans, going back into the 20th century, was that it signified autonomy. You know, every home is a castle,” says Louis Hyman, an economic historian and assistant professor at Cornell University. “So, it has these echoes of signifying independence and achievement.”
The average newly built house is now twice as big as the average new home in 1945.
The federal government has pushed the idea that a nation of homeowners is ideal.
The establishment of the Federal Housing Administration revolutionized home ownership.
By creating the financial mortgaging system that Americans still use today, the FHA made home buying more accessible for millions of people.
At the time, most Americans rented.
Homeownership stood at 40% in 1934. By 2001, the figure had risen to 68%.
In the 1940s, President Franklin D. Roosevelt equated homeownership with citizenship, saying that a “nation of homeowners, of people who own a real share in their own land, is unconquerable.”
Today, the homeownership rate in the United States stands at around 65%.
Although unemployment is near a record low, real wages — the number of goods and services that can be bought with money earned — haven’t budged in decades for U.S. workers.
As Americans find that their wages are stagnating after the 1970s, they're able to make money by investing in houses,” Hyman says.
The houses become a way for average Americans to get financial leverage, which can multiply their returns. There's no other way for Americans to get access to financial leverage outside of houses. You can't do it in the stock market if you’re just a normal person, and so this is a way to basically speculate in housing.
For many Americans, a large home is not only a status symbol, but also an investment.
Neither of my parents are alive.
For some Americans, owning a big home is a status symbol, physical proof that they’ve succeeded in life.
“This kind of classical example of the big suburban home has been a very powerful idea for many, many decades now,” says architectural historian William Richards. “People sometimes want specific rooms that have specific functions —a mud room; everybody gets their own bedroom; there's no bunking up; a dedicated laundry room.”
I am going shopping. Do you need anything?
Spacious houses are more financially attainable than they used to be.
The computer is on the desk.
But do bigger houses, sometimes called McMansions, make people happier?
“Despite a major upscaling of single-family houses since 1980, house satisfaction has remained steady in American suburbs,” Bellet writes in the report.
People living in larger houses, however, do tend to be more satisfied with their property, according to Bellet, but that satisfaction plunges when even more massive houses are built nearby.
Did you arrive by train?
It was Friday yesterday.
Tom was amazed.
She was amazed.
He was amazed.
She looked cute.
He looked cute.
She looked very cute.
China is leading the world in the deployment of face recognition technology.
Tom thought he was being followed.
Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk is a city with a Japanese cultural background.
I only told you.
I have just finished the book.
The wine tastes good.
I will give the money back to you tomorrow.
All the candidates failed the exam.
This is our school.
Cross the bridge!
I have butter.
You don't have to pay anything, it is free.
You needn't pay anything, it is for free.
He is mature enough to be a father.
This water is good.
Jesus Christ has never said anywhere that it is necessary to use the four-pronged cross or some other cross as a symbol of Christianity.
Your French is really good. Where did you pick it up?
Tom headed out on a trip.
Tom thoroughly washed his feet.
My wallet was stolen while I was asleep.
Undoubtedly, he made it up.
Tom refused to pay for his lunch in a restaurant.
Apple, the computer giant, announced today that Safari’s latest version will no longer track user browsing.
Religion has done love a great service in declaring it a sin.
Come back right now.
Don't be so serious.
The Berlin Wall was built to prevent brain drain.
I'm required to do that.
She's probably dead.
He's probably dead.
I bought that book for yen.
You have to trust me. You don't have any other choice.
Excuse me, where is the elevator?
Anarchy is order without power.
They're probably dead.
Tom said he was happy with what Mary did.
Let's eat first and then think about it.
Be glorious, India!
Still, Saint Petersburg is a mysterious city. Today, for instance, in the Moika River was found a professor from a local university with two severed female hands in a backpack.
Is it ok to bleach hair during pregnancy?
"What nationality is his family?" "Ukrainian."
"What nationality is her family?" "Ukrainian."
Rabinovich, you either put on some underpants or take off the cross!
Someone has stolen my money.
He did not say a single word.
Before Tom did it, I'd have said it couldn't be done.
Wait for your brother.
Anarchy is order.
"Where would you like to go?" "I would like to go to Algeria."
It's going to be hot today in Algiers.
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers."
"Where do you work?" "I work in Algiers."
It's 4:pm in Algiers.
Business is good in Algeria.
I have a lot of things to do in Algiers.
"Where did you go on holiday?" "We went to Algeria."
"Where did you go on holiday?" "I went to Algeria."
We're drunk enough.
"How much does this cost?" "It's forty dinars."
I come from Algeria.
I come from Algiers.
My family is in Algeria.
My Berber is not very good.
I'll teach you some Berber.
He's an Algerian student.
He went to Algeria to study the Berber language.
Your Berber is quite good.
His Berber is not very good.
"He lives in Algiers." "In Algeria?" "Yes. He loves it."
I want to see Algeria.
Berber is a very difficult language.
Welcome back to our Berber lesson.
Did you enjoy our Berber lesson?
My husband comes from Bejaia, Algeria.
My wife comes from Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
Let's learn some city names in Berber.
He comes from Algiers.
I come from Bejaia, Algeria.
You live in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
He lives in Akbou, Algeria.
Salas lives in Azazga, Algeria.
I work in Algiers.
You work in Bejaia, Algeria.
He works in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
He works in a radio station.
They both work in a bank.
We often use Berber words in Hassaniya Arabic.
Algiers is such a beautiful city.
I want to visit Algiers.
I want to speak good Berber.
I'm studying Berber here.
Where are you studying Berber?
OK. Get to know each other and I'll go start dinner.
Are you staying here until you go back to Algeria?
Is this your first time away from Algiers?
Do you miss Algeria?
What does your father do back in Algiers?
Come help me set the table.
Let's study how to say some countries, nationalities and languages in Berber.
Let's practice these Berber verbs again.
I come from Algeria. So I am Algerian.
You come from Algeria. So you are Algerian.
He comes from Algeria. So he is Algerian.
She comes from Algeria. So she is Algerian.
They come from Algeria. So they are Algerian.
We come from Algeria. So we are Algerian.
Is your Berber improving?
The Berber language is too difficult.
Have a look at this Berber sentence.
He knows Berber well.
What is he doing in Algiers?
Iraqi Jews wrote the Talmud.
The Talmud is one of Judaism's holy books.
Where are you from in Algeria?
"Where are you from in Algeria?" "From Bejaia." "Is it nice?" "Sure!"
Are you from Algiers?
"Where does he live?" "He lives in Algiers."
"Is Salas a man or a woman?" "Salas is a man."
We will find you a lovely Kabyle dress.
We will find you a lovely Kabyle dress. What size are you?
What size shoe do you wear?
I don't need a Kabyle dress.
Every woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every bride needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Algerian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Algerian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Algerian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Moroccan woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Moroccan woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Moroccan girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Moroccan girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Tunisian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Tunisian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Tunisian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Tunisian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Are your brains ready to learn some Berber?
Are you brains ready to learn some Berber words?
Are your brains ready to learn some more Berber?
Are your brains ready to learn some more Berber words?
Berbers is the plural of Berber.
Algerians is the plural of Algerian.
The plural of fish is fish.
The plural of deer is deer.
The plural of sheep is sheep.
The plural of goose is geese.
The plural of dog is dogs.
The plural of cat is cats.
The plural of woman is women.
The plural of cow is cows.
The plural of night is nights.
The plural of day is days.
The plural of man is men.
His name starts with a vowel.
He has curly hair and dark eyes.
This is my aunt Skura.
He has short straight hair and blue eyes.
He's back in Algiers.
Her Kabyle dress is too low.
Her Kabyle dress is too short.
Their Kabyle dresses are too tight.
She looks fantastic in her new Kabyle dress.
She bought her new Kabyle dress in Algiers.
Do you like my Kabyle dress?
Salas bought me this Kabyle dress in Algiers.
This Kabyle dress is the first gift he bought me.
This Kabyle dress is the first present he bought me.
Do you understand Berber?
Does he live in Algiers?
"Does he live in Algiers?" "Yes, he does."
Does he still live in Algiers?
"Does he still live in Algiers?" "Yes, he still does."
Do you live in Algiers?
"Do you live in Algiers?" "Yes, I do."
"Do you still live in Algiers?" "Sure."
Do you still live in Algiers?
Do they live in Algiers?
Do they still live in Algiers?
Marry me and let's go live in Algiers.
Marry me and come with me to Algiers.
"Marry me and let's go live in Algiers." "Is that a proposal?" "Yes!"
"Does he still live in Algiers?" "Yes, he does."
He is in Bejaia, learning Berber.
It's incredibly cold in Algiers.
She needs a new Berber dress.
"I was born in Algeria." "Lucky you."
I was born in Algeria. I love Algeria.
Her Berber teacher is in Algiers.
I'm going away to Algiers for the weekend.
Algiers is in Algeria, on the Mediterranean coast.
"Where in Algiers will you be staying?" "In a hotel."
When are you coming back from Algiers?
I hope you have a great time in Algiers.
You'll have a lovely time in Algiers.
Let's speak some Berber today.
I'm having my afternoon coffee.
I'm having my afternoon tea.
Welcome to our Berber lesson.
Welcome back to your Berber class.
"Where are you going next summer?" "I'm going to Algeria."
"Where are you going next summer?" "I'm going to Algeria with Salas."
"Are you studying Berber?" "No, we aren't."
When you conjugate a Berber verb, you need to change its spelling.
He's learning new Berber words at school.
Is your Berber teacher nice?
This is a great way to learn Berber.
He is helping her to learn Berber.
He has a new Berber dictionary.
He doesn't have that Berber dictionary.
Do you have a Berber dictionary?
I'd like a new Berber dictionary.
Let's learn the Berber alphabet.
Do you have any Berber dictionary?
I have a small Berber dictionary.
He has a small Berber dictionary.
He has another Berber dictionary.
She has a new Berber dictionary.
She has a beautiful Kabyle dress.
He has got a new house in Algeria.
Japan is a country surrouned by sea.
"Would you like some couscous?" "Yes, I would."
I'd like to learn the Berber alphabet.
I'd like to learn the Berber language.
I'd like to learn Berber.
It was trout for lunch.
We are studying Berber.
Can you spell this Berber word?
Let me introduce my son to you.
He can't speak Berber very well.
He can't speak Berber very well but he's trying to learn it.
He can't speak Berber very well but he's learning it.
He can't speak Berber but he wants to learn it.
I can teach you a lot of Berber words and expressions.
I hope you have enjoyed this Berber lesson.
"Where is your shop?" "In Algiers."
"Where is your store?" "In Algiers."
What does "azul" mean in Berber?
He speaks fluent Berber.
This morning I read a very interesting article about the Berber language.
Could you say that in Berber?
I want to help him learn Berber.
He wants to help her learn Berber.
He is trying to learn Berber.
He can teach her Berber.
He is having difficulties understanding some Berber words.
Berber is a difficult language. Do you agree with that?
He wants to learn new Berber words.
I want to help you with your Berber.
Do you have a French-Berber dictionary?
Do you have a Berber-French dictionary?
Salas is in Algiers.
He has an office in Algiers.
We are having couscous.
"What are we having?" "We are having couscous and salad."
Here's your couscous.
It's so nice to have you here in Algiers.
"How's your couscous?" "It's delicious."
Don't you like your couscous?
Don't you like couscous?
What time do you eat dinner back in Algeria?
Algeria has its own traditions and customs.
What time do Algerians eat dinner?
How do you apologize in Berber?
Let's learn Berber possessive adjectives.
I'm your Berber teacher.
This is his Berber teacher.
She is so beautiful in her Kabyle dress.
This is your Berber workbook.
This is your Berber dictionary.
This is your French-Berber dictionary.
This is your Berber book.
These are your Berber books.
My friend Salas is Algerian.
Your friend lives in Algiers.
His sister knows Berber very well.
Our father works in Algiers.
I'm looking for my Berber dictionary.
"I'm looking for my..." "For your Berber dictionary?" "Yes." "It's here."
Can I have a look at your Berber dictionary?
He lives here in Algiers.
Her Berber is excellent.
Where is Algiers?
Are you ready for learning Berber?
He's learning Berber with the help of Salas.
He talks all day in Berber.
We are going to study the days of the week in Berber.
We are going to study the numbers from one to twelve in Berber.
Salas and Skura are Berber teachers.
Salas is a boy and Skura is a girl. They're both Algerian.
A native Berber speaker wouldn't say that.
Skura's Kabyle dress is very beautiful.
Salas's house is in Algiers.
You sound like a native Berber speaker already.
I don't normally work on Friday.
Let's learn the days of the week in Berber.
Today is Friday. I'm going to the mosque.
What day was it yesterday?
Remember that in Berber, we write proper nouns with a capital letter.
Let's a little test in Berber.
This is a Berber lesson.
We spoke Berber all day.
She has a beautiful purse to go with this Kabyle dress.
She looks divine in this Kabyle dress.
He finished his Berber course.
It gets very cold in Algiers.
He doesn't have school tomorrow.
Welcome again to your Berber lesson.
Do you like my dress? It's a Kabyle dress.
Let's learn some question words in Berber.
Let's learn some Berber question words.
Is it a new Kabyle dress?
"Is it a new Kabyle dress?" "No, it isn't."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers." "Oh, I love Algeria."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers." "Oh, I love Algiers."
When do you finish work?
Is he Algerian?
Are they Algerian?
Are you guys Algerian?
We are not Algerian.
We are not from Algiers.
They are not Algerian.
You aren't Algerian.
He isn't Algerian.
You aren't Algerian, are you?
How do you make this verb negative in Berber?
You don't speak Berber, do you?
You don't have school tomorrow, do you?
He doesn't like couscous.
He doesn't live in Algiers.
My name is Salas and I'll be your Berber teacher.
Learning Berber with me is easy.
He learned Berber with his flatmates.
He learned Berber with his roommates.
He learned Berber with his Algerian flatmates.
He learned Berber with his Algerian roommates.
He learned Berber with his Kabyle roommates.
He learned Berber with his Kabyle flatmates.
He's in Algiers, studying Berber.
Algerians are very friendly.
His new flatmate is from Algeria.
The press officer works with the media relations team.
I'm from Bejaia, Algeria.
You don't want to disorient the user.
This allowed the company to flout the law.
I'm glad you like the Kabyle dress.
The photo shows an olive-skinned female in a purple trenchcoat.
The study of history offers to individuals major utilitarian learning outcomes.
"Do you like wine?" "No. I'm Muslim and I don't drink."
Rosemaling is a style of decorative painting developed in Norway.
The diced courgette will be added to the pesto just before serving.
"Do you like wine?" "No. I'm an observant Muslim. I don't drink."
The road to a more climate-friendly community is paved with economic opportunities.
I'm here to learn the Berber language.
Attempting to do LSAT problems in the coursebook before attending the corresponding lesson is counterproductive.
I'm here in Algeria to learn the Berber language.
The representatives who were there were grudging in their acceptance of the resolution.
Her Kabyle dress is lovely.
She has a lovely Kabyle dress.
We are here to learn Berber together.
We are here to learn Berber, the language of our ancestors, together.
Algeria is so beautiful.
This Kabyle dress is so beautiful.
You are Algerian. Is that right?
His family is from Algeria.
He's also Algerian.
I'm from Algiers, in Algeria.
I come from Algeria. I'm from Bejaia.
"I'm from Bejaia." Wow! From Algeria!"
Any woman would look great in a Kabyle dress.
I'm not Tunisian. I'm Algerian.
I'm not a singer. I'm a Berber teacher.
You aren't fluent in Berber yet.
You aren't fluent in Berber yet, but you will be.
She's wonderful in that Kabyle dress.
They aren't Algerian.
Let's learn nationalities and countries in Berber.
Let's study nationalities and countries in Berber.
This is a Kabyle dress from Algeria.
This Kabyle music is from Algeria.
Let's listen to some cool Kabyle music from Algeria.
Let's listen to some cool romantic Kabyle music from Algeria.
Let's study some Berber verbs.
Let's study some Berber adjectives.
Let's learn some Berber verbs.
Let's learn some Berber adjectives.
Algeria is the country and Algerian is the nationality.
An Algerian is a person who comes from Algeria.
An Algerian is a person who lives in Algeria.
This is the end of our Berber lesson.
This is where you can learn Berber.
You can learn Berber in Algeria.
Please help me with my Berber.
I'm not very good with computers.
I'm from Canada but I'm proud to have Algerian blood.
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian."
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." "Wow!"
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." "Really?"
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." "You must be kidding!"
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers, and you?"
"Where are you from?" "I"m from Algiers, and you, where are you from?"
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers, Algeria."
Memorize these Berber verbs.
Algeria is your country, too.
For the last time, I'm from Algeria.
For the last time, I'm from Algiers, Algeria.
For the last time, I'm from Algiers, Algeria!
"What's your job?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
I'm writing a great love story in Berber.
Do you know how to use the Berber alphabet?
Write this word in Berber.
Let's have another Berber test.
I'm sure you already know Berber numbers.
If you're from Algeria, then you're called an Algerian.
Keep practicing Berber.
Keep practicing Berber numbers.
"I want to learn Berber." "Me too."
Let's learn Berber question words.
Where's my Kabyle dress?
"What is your job?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
Who's your Berber teacher?
"What's your favorite language?" "My favorite language is Berber."
We are here to learn Berber.
"Why are we here?" "We are here to learn Berber."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber dictionary."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber workbook."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber book."
They are conversing in Berber.
My Berber class is at four o'clock.
Her Kabyle dress is on the chair.
Her Kabyle dress is on the table.
Her Kabyle dress is on the sofa.
Her Kabyle dress is on the bed.
Her Kabyle dress is on the couch.
Her Kabyle dress is in the washing machine.
Her Kabyle dress is in the bathtub.
Her Kabyle dress is in the wardrobe.
Her Kabyle dress is on the floor.
Her Kabyle dress is in the box.
Her Kabyle dress is in the suitcase.
Her Kabyle dress is in the gift box.
Her Kabyle dress is in the bag.
Her Kabyle dress is in the backpack.
Her Kabyle dress is in the closet.
Her Kabyle dress is in the bathroom.
Her Kabyle dress is in the bedroom.
Her Kabyle dress is in her room.
Her Kabyle dress is in her bedroom.
Her Kabyle dress is in the trunk.
Her Kabyle dress is still in the wardrobe.
Her Kabyle dress is still in the bathroom.
Her Kabyle dress is still in the bag.
Her Kabyle dress is still in the gift box.
How do you tell the time in Berber?
Her Kabyle dress is still in the box.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the couch.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the floor.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the kitchen floor.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the bathroom floor.
Her Kabyle dress is on the kitchen floor.
Her Kabyle dress is on the bathroom floor.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the table.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the sofa.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the chair.
Her Kabyle dress is on the armchair.
Her Kabyle dress is still on the armchair.
They spent a romantic weekend in Algiers.
They spent a romantic weekend in Algeria.
They had a romantic dinner in Algiers.
They are a romantic dinner in Algiers.
I cannot recall his name.
He knows Berber numbers.
I didn't know that he had fought.
He comes at ten in the morning.
He comes at four in the afternoon.
A friend of my sister is French.
He comes at nine in the evening.
He comes at eleven at night.
She is rich and he is poor.
Keep studying Berber.
He teachers Berber on TV.
He is scared of death.
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers." "Oh, you're Algerian."
I'm from Algeria, in Africa.
Are you really from Algeria?
You must be Salas, our Berber teacher.
I'm forty and I'm from Algiers.
The girl over there is my sister.
My parents aren't Algerian.
I love Berber music.
He's a Berber music expert.
I love teaching Berber.
She wanted to become a singer.
I'm from Tizi-Ouzou, the home of JSK.
I have never meant to hurt you.
She gave birth to five children.
"Where are you from?" "I am from Algiers."
It could snow in the evening.
Our teachers are all from Algeria.
I'm from Algeria. I'm Algerian.
He's from Algeria, so he's Algerian.
His origins are Algerian.
Salas and Skura are from Algeria. They're Algerian.
His father is from Algeria.
This piece has the look of carved and chipped wood with rosemaling patterns.
His father is from Algeria, so he's Algerian.
He's our Berber language expert.
Can you describe your office in Berber?
Can you describe your classmate in Berber?
There is a camera on the table.
There are books on the table.
There are some CDs on the table.
There are some pens on the table.
There are some pencils on the table.
There are some glasses on the table.
There is a fax machine on the table.
There is a table in the studio.
There is a sofa in the room.
There is a couch in the room.
There is a coffee table in the room.
There are chairs in the room.
There are some crayons on the table.
There are some spoons on the table.
There are some knives on the table.
There are some forks on the table.
There are some towels on the table.
There are some chopsticks on the table.
Tomorrow, I will come back a bit earlier.
Thanks a lot for the information.
He likes her oldest daughter best.
It is my personal opinion.
I hope that she will be waiting for me.
We left the village.
There are some notebooks on the table.
There is a chair in the room.
There is a wardrobe in the room.
There is a laptop on the table.
There is a purse on the table.
There are some cups on the table.
There are some vases on the table.
There are some mugs on the table.
He leaves at nine in the morning.
He leaves at four in the afternoon.
He leaves at nine in the evening.
He leaves at eleven at night.
The field has already been sown.
Are you very hungry?
He's off-key.
She's off-key.
The Kurdish alphabet in Latin characters is a phonetic alphabet that allows us to pronounce every word exactly as it is written.
What a wise guy.
What a smart aleck.
The stars appeared.
For him, she was lost for ever.
It began to drizzle.
You have a good library.
Busy, as usual?
It's so bright.
If you make too many, we won't be able to sell them all, so don't get carried away.
The sky was completely overcast.
You left the iron switched on.
I wonder if you play chess.
The moon has risen.
Okay, calm down.
They're not as fast as I am.
You guys aren't as fast as I am.
You all aren't as fast as I am.
How long have you been in Brazil?
I am a triplet born on New Year's Eve.
Tom was eager to get home.
Mary was eager to get home.
Tom was eager to get home to his wife.
Tom was eager to get home to his wife and children.
Tom was eager to get home to see Mary.
Mary was eager to get home to see Tom.
Mary was eager to get home to her husband.
Mary was eager to get home to her family.
Tom was eager to get home to his family.
Tom was eager to get home to Boston.
Mary is a career woman.
Tom was not having a great time.
Mary was not having a great time.
He was not having a great time.
She was not having a great time.
It's better to be a good person who swears like a trooper than a quiet well mannered piece of shit.
People should buy some silver tomorrow.
Prepare for change.
We are in for some positive change.
The change is possible if a critical mass of people is involved.
If I talk about change, I mean the change for better.
It has nothing to do with religion.
The old social system is slowly falling apart.
We aren't so powerless as we may think.
The word was all over the office by the next day.
Tom poured us some tea.
What should we do to accelerate it?
The pace of events is accelerating.
Leaving already?
With phonetic languages, you can look at a written word and know how to pronounce it: read as it is written!
With phonetic languages, you can hear a word and know how to spell it: one sound one letter!
With phonetic languages, each letter has a single corresponding sound: spelling matches the pronunciation.
Finnish is a good example of a language where spelling and pronunciation are consistent with each other.
Languages like English and French are not phonetic: they have letters that can be pronounced in different ways or sometimes not at all.
What makes English difficult is its unpredictability.
A count is a nobleman, a marquess too.
They don't know anything about anything.
Protect the respiratory tract.
I don't even have time to be tired.
The nurse gave me a vaccine.
That other elevator was smoother than this one.
He who asks lots of questions makes lots of mistakes.
Solar panels generate a continuous current.
You know those ladies who just got off the train?
In the Acts of the Apostles, Sunday is called the first day of the week, therefore, if the first Christians transferred the main day of worship of God from Saturday to Sunday, as Catholics say, they would call Sunday the Lord's Day.
BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) is a method for evaluating the quality of translations made by machine translation systems. The higher the quality of a translation, the more similar it is to a reference translation, which is assumed to be correct.
I didn't like either of the cakes.
Typically, there are many “perfect” translations of a given source sentence. These translations may vary in word choice or in word order even when they use the same words. And yet humans can clearly distinguish a good translation from a bad one.
The BLEU metric ranges from to 1. Few translations will attain a score of unless they are identical to a reference translation. For this reason, even a human translator will not necessarily score 1.
How long does it take for the airport bus to arrive at the airport?
A good question is the half of knowledge.
Today it's windy, isn't it?
It's fine now, neither too heavy nor too light.
Lionel Messi of Argentina was kicked by a Rosario Central fan.
Currants are smaller than strawberries.
This registration device isn't new.
Can you forget about the past and love me again, Melek?
The probability of our team winning is low.
Do you know what this medicine is for? When did they prescribe it to you?
I wasn't lazing around like some people.
There is a claim that Lenin was secretly a Baptist.
Open it.
Please come the day after tomorrow.
I could swim well when I was a child, too.
My bike is red.
Why don't you understand it?
Why don't you guys understand it?
Where is your other brother?
I admire native speakers of English who are learning Czech.
He told her not to worry.
He told him not to worry.
She told her not to worry.
What's she doing with it?
What's he doing with it?
What's he doing with him?
I waited for him to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
I expected him to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
I waited for her to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
We dwell in Hungary.
We never talked again after that.
They never talked again after that.
Tom and Mary never talked again after that.
Several roads remained closed.
Tom was feeling lonely.
Mary was feeling lonely.
Tom seems to be lonely.
Do you think that Tom is lonely?
Do you think Tom is lonely?
I think that Tom may be lonely.
I think Tom may be lonely.
I felt really lonely once Tom left.
What makes you think that Tom is lonely?
What makes you think Tom is lonely?
I felt really lonely after Tom left.
I've been really lonely since Tom left.
This couscous is fantastic.
This couscous is fantastic. Is there any more?
These things here are ingredients to make a delicious couscous.
There is some couscous in the plate.
There is some couscous in the refrigerator.
There is some water on the table.
There is some couscous on the table.
There is some bread on the table.
There is some olive oil on the table.
There is some sugar on the table.
There is money on the table.
There is some money on the table.
There is flour on the table.
There is some flour on the table.
There is wine on the table.
There is some wine on the table.
There is beer on the table.
There is some beer on the table.
There is honey on the table.
There is some honey on the table.
There is couscous on the table.
There is water on the table.
There is some chocolate on the table.
There is chocolate on the table.
There is some milk on the table.
There is milk on the table.
There is some tea on the table.
There is tea on the table.
There is some salt on the table.
There is salt on the table.
There is some oil on the table.
There is oil on the table.
He doesn't have enough money.
He doesn't have enough salt.
He doesn't have enough water.
He doesn't have enough sugar.
He doesn't have enough gasoline.
He doesn't have enough wood.
He doesn't have enough change.
He doesn't have enough fuel.
He doesn't have enough ammunition.
There's too much water in the glass.
There's too much oil in the glass.
There's too much milk in the glass.
There's too much tea in the glass.
There's too much beer in the glass.
There's too much wine in the glass.
He lives in the village.
He lives in the neighborhood.
He lives in the area.
He lives on the island.
He lives in the woods.
He lives in the hood.
He lives in the apartment complex.
He lives on the beach.
He lives in the jungle.
He lives in the savanna.
He lives in the desert.
He lives in the building.
He lives in this building.
He lives in this area.
He lives in this hood.
He lives in this apartment building.
He lives in the apartment building.
He lives in this apartment complex.
He lives in the garage.
He lives in this garage.
He lives in the basement.
He lives in this basement.
He wakes up at four o'clock every day.
He studies in the library.
He studies at home.
He studies in the park.
He likes studying in the park.
He studies in the garden.
He studies on the beach.
He studies in the cafeteria.
He studies in his cell.
He studies in his room.
He studies in the kitchen.
He studies in the backyard.
He studies in the gym.
He studies in the bathroom.
He studies in his car.
He studies in his truck.
He studies on the school bus.
He studies in his van.
He studies in the sitting room.
He studies in the attic.
He sometimes sees her in the library.
He sometimes sees her in the cafeteria.
He sometimes sees her in the park.
He sometimes sees her on the beach.
He sometimes sees her in the supermarket.
This is typical of the Berber language.
Most Fridays, I go to the mosque.
He teaches Berber on weekends.
Let's learn some Berber questions words.
Where do we live?
Where do we work?
What do we do?
How do they speak Berber?
We're talking about jobs.
We're talking about cars.
We're talking about girls.
We're talking about women.
We're taking about men.
We're talking about children.
We're talking about kids.
We're talking about boys.
He's a black belt in karate.
He's a black belt in judo.
We're talking about insects.
We're talking about cats.
We're talking about dogs.
We're talking about motorcycles.
We're talking about bicycles.
We're talking about soccer.
We're talking about tennis.
We're talking about baseball.
We're talking about football.
We're talking about handball.
We're talking about basketball.
We're talking about guns.
We're talking about fishing.
We're talking about food.
We're talking about hunting.
We're talking about sex.
We're talking about languages.
We're talking about golf.
We're talking about computers.
We're talking about phones.
We're talking about laptops.
We're talking about iPhones.
We're talking about smartphones.
We're talking about books.
We're talking about cameras.
We're talking about clothes.
We're talking about movies.
We're talking about fashion.
He leaves work at four in the afternoon.
Where is the check-in to Algiers?
He flies with Air Algerie.
He works out at the gym.
He goes jogging every day.
I only had one cup of coffee.
Tom spent years in prison.
I need to buy a new chainsaw.
Learning French could change your life.
Tom skipped school on Monday.
I love doing things with you.
Scientific progress should not be hampered.
The church attempted to stamp out scientific progress.
You can't stop the normal march of scientific progress.
Can we attribute any scientific progress of world importance to Saudi Arabia?
Scientific progress is totally neglected in this country.
Asia is now home to a great deal of scientific progress.
We are for scientific progress.
Are our leaders interested in scientific progress?
The current cutbacks threaten to slow scientific progress.
These measures hamper scientific progress.
He questions the scientific basis of that theory.
Does psychoanalysis lack a scientific basis?
The job is finished.
We've just finished the job.
Some still think that there is no scientific basis for the theory of climate change.
We need to develop a scientific basis to understand how this works.
I regret I wasted so much time.
I realized that I didn't need to do that.
I realized that I didn't have to do that.
I realize that I don't have enough money.
Tom is planning to walk home.
I want to become more fluent in French.
I like doing things with you.
Tom hasn't dealt with it yet.
I know where you bought that.
Tom has done something crazy.
I just wanted to be near you.
Tom has done nothing all day.
I hope nobody saw me do that.
I hope that nobody saw me do that.
I hope that no one saw me do that.
Tom sent me a text message in French.
Tom hasn't done anything all day.
The original name of Joshua was Hoshea the son of Nun, and he came from the tribe of Ephraim.
He lives in a nice house.
He's just a son of a bitch.
When was the last time you spoke to someone in French?
He has a nice wife.
When was the last time you spoke to somebody in French?
He was in church.
Most of my friends can't speak French.
He found his wife dead in the bathtub.
He has a foxhound beagle.
Algiers is a great place to live.
It is impossible to be king and high priest at the same time, therefore Adventists believe that Jesus will reign when he finishes his high priestly ministry in the Holy of Holies.
I remember studying French with Tom.
Say something in French.
He lived in the most affluent community of Algiers.
He has a very attractive wife.
He was a popular guy.
He takes good care of his wife.
He was right to break up with her.
This is the movie she watches when she wants to feel sad.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my lemonade.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my beer.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my wine.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my coffee.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my milk.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my drink.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my tea.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my juice.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my coke.
I'm gonna stay here and finish my cigarette.
They cuddled.
I heard that you were crying.
"You didn't see this." "You didn't see this, too."
Tom is really good at speaking French.
Tom has decided to walk home.
I hope no one saw me do that.
Tom doesn't eat meat anymore.
I find this very interesting.
Tom didn't introduce himself.
I don't like this restaurant.
Tom didn't hesitate for long.
I didn't try to say anything.
Tom didn't do anything crazy.
I didn't find it interesting.
How did you become so fluent in French?
Tom didn't dare to look back.
I couldn't find my checkbook.
I've written several poems in French.
Tom didn't call anybody else.
Don't mind him. He's going through a breakup.
Tom didn't call anyone else.
Not many people here can speak French.
He's late for Berber class.
Tom has decided to try again.
He's gonna cook for you.
Do you want to reschedule or see another doctor?
Why are you still writing?
Why are you still typing?
Why are you still shooting?
He fled Algeria that very night.
He fled the United States that very night.
He fled France that very night.
He fled Spain that very night.
He fled Italy that very night.
He fled Portugal that very night.
He fled Turkey that very night.
He fled Germany that very night.
He fled Poland that very night.
He fled Japan that very night.
Tom can't walk any further.
He can't walk any further.
She can't walk any further.
Skura can't walk any further.
They can't walk any further.
He left his wallet at the office.
He left his smartphone at the office.
He left his iPhone at the office.
He left his diary at the office.
He left his backback at the office.
He left his gun at the office.
He left his car key at the office.
He left his umbrella at the office.
He left his camera at the office.
He left his gloves at the office.
He left his key at the office.
He left his keys at the office.
He left his hat at the office.
He left his cap at the office.
He left his mug at the office.
He left his thermos at the office.
He left his book at the office.
He left his scarf at the office.
He left his laptop at the office.
He left his suitcase at the office.
He left his tie at the office.
He left his jacket at the office.
He left his watch at the office.
He left his coat at the office.
She left her purse at the office.
The rubber gloves are under the sink.
My son has talent for music.
My daughter has talent for music.
Kiss to your heart's content.
Do kiss to your heart's content.
The Spaniards today have just elected a fascist party as the third strongest force.
He has a nice ass.
I like this place very much.
Tom was a very noisy child.
I want to know everything that you know.
I cannot tell you.
Remember to buy some milk.
Don't forget to buy some milk.
Bill was murdered by that man.
You just have to wait until it gets dark.
Sorry, but I cannot.
The democratically-elected indigenous-led government of Bolivia was just overthrown by a far-right white supremacist military coup.
Tom has friends in Germany.
The cat ruined everything.
The parable of the rich man and Lazarus indicates that there are no God's chosen nations or estates, only those who truly deserve this will enter the Kingdom of God.
The war in heaven between Michael and the dragon described in the Apocalypse is an allusion to the Protevangelium.
The purpose of Satan is to kill God's image in man.
Welcome to Brazil!
It was a nice weather, so we went fishing.
People are unfaithful.
It has to be taken into account.
You are not allowed here!
The predecessors of the Russian Baptists are the Molokans, who massively converted to Baptism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, so Russian Baptists are significantly different from European and American Baptists.
Samarium is a chemical element with the symbol Sm.
Jesus is a pest.
Be patient! All things are difficult before they become easy.
Where have you been ?
Tom left Mary with no choice.
You left me with no choice.
Tom and Mary attend church together on Sunday mornings.
I almost always speak French with Tom.
I can't understand it myself.
Tom did what he usually does.
I can't let you do that here.
Tom did that on his birthday.
I apologized for my behavior.
Tom did that a few years ago.
How'd you get that black eye?
Tom did something really bad.
Is it possible to learn French online?
I expect to see Tom next weekend.
I hope to see you at tonight's party.
Excuse me, where is the bathroom?
I hope that someone will do that for us.
I hope that somebody will do that for us.
I go to the same school you do.
I found the keys that I thought I'd lost.
I decided not to do that anymore.
I assumed you'd want to do that.
I assumed that you'd want to do that.
Sliced bread was first sold in 1928.
It's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
It's the greatest thing since sliced bread!
Remembrance Day is on November 11.
Remembrance Day is observed on November 11.
Remembrance Day marks the end of World War One.
Many people wear poppies on Remembrance Day.
I demand you do that right now.
I didn't know you were engaged to Tom.
I didn't know that you were engaged to Tom.
I didn't realize that I'd made a mistake.
I didn't tell anybody why I was late.
I didn't think that I needed a bodyguard.
I didn't think that you'd be so careless.
What color is barium?
What's barium used for?
I've studied French for several years.
You're the tallest.
You're to come with me.
You're free to go out.
I don't care if you kiss Tom or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you kiss Tom or not.
Such conduct is unworthy of a teacher.
How soon will you be leaving?
Tom cleaned up after himself.
How much does your dog weigh?
I've discussed that with Tom.
How much does rye flour cost?
I wanted to show Tom my farm.
I'm taking French class next semester.
Tom behaved inappropriately.
I love studying Berber.
He loves studying Berber.
He loves teaching Berber.
She loves teaching Berber.
Taras has it.
He says he loves studying Berber.
He hates studying Berber.
He's at Taras's place.
He's at Taras' place.
He says he hates studying Berber.
He is not interested in the Berber language.
He hates his Berber teacher.
He hates studying Berber because he is not interested in this language.
He hates studying Berber because he hates the teacher.
He hates studying Berber because he hates his Berber teacher.
He hates studying Berber because he doesn't like his teacher.
He hates studying Berber because he doesn't like his Berber teacher.
Learning Berber is really, really hard.
They speak Berber fast.
He is not from Algiers.
My father was Algerian.
My father was Algerian, my mother Spanish.
"This boy doesn't look Algerian at all." "What do you mean?"
He hates curry.
He hates couscous.
He hates pepper.
He hates vinegar.
He hates beer.
He hates alcohol.
He hates wine.
He hates whisky.
He hates vodka.
He hates milk.
He hates butter.
He hates yogurt.
He hates ice cream.
He hates the food.
He likes the food.
He hates pizza.
He cooked this food.
He can't lie. He has honor and dignity.
He served the food.
He hates olives.
He hates cocktails.
He hates juice.
He hates oranges.
He hates tangerines.
He hates watermelon.
He hates turnips.
He hates potatoes.
He hates tomatoes.
He has to leave right now.
He has to come right now.
His son is not coming.
His daughter is not coming.
His father is not coming.
His mother is not coming.
His aunt is not coming.
His uncle is not coming.
His mother-in-law is not coming.
His father-in-law is not coming.
His in-laws are not coming.
His parents are not coming.
His friend is not coming.
His girlfriend is not coming.
Her boyfriend is not coming.
His teacher is not coming.
His boss is not coming.
I know my mother.
His co-worker is not coming.
His co-workers are not coming.
His doctor is not coming.
His attorney is not coming.
His lawyer is not coming.
His classmate is not coming.
His best friend is not coming.
His partner is not coming.
His secretary is not coming.
His assistant is not coming.
His brother-in-law is not coming.
His cousin is not coming.
His sister-in-law is not coming.
His grandfather is not coming.
His grandmother is not coming.
His dad is not coming.
His mom is not coming.
His neighbor is not coming.
His students are not coming.
His coach is not coming.
His grandson is not coming.
His granddaughter is not coming.
His driver is not coming.
His client is not coming.
I know my father.
I know my brother.
I know my sister.
I know my son.
I know my kids.
I know my children.
I know Salas.
I know Skura.
I know my parents.
I know my grandfather.
I know my grandmother.
I know my brother-in-law.
I know my sister-in-law.
I know my father-in-law.
I know my mother-in-law.
I know my cousin.
I know my uncle.
I know my aunt.
I know my grandson.
I know my granddaughter.
I know my nephew.
I know my niece.
I know my stepbrother.
I know my stepsister.
His stepbrother isn't coming.
His stepbrother is not coming.
His stepsister isn't coming.
His stepsister is not coming.
Every Algerian mother dreams of the day her son gets married.
Every Algerian mother dreams of the day her daughter gets married.
Every Algerian father dreams of the day his son gets married.
Every Algerian father dreams of the day his daughter gets married.
"When did you come out?" "I'm not gay."
I want a double vodka.
His mother doesn't know he's gay.
His father doesn't know he's gay.
His parents don't know he's gay.
His sister doesn't know he's gay.
His brother doesn't know he's gay.
His friend doesn't know he's gay.
His best friend doesn't know he's gay.
His co-worker doesn't know he's gay.
His secretary doesn't know he's gay.
His assistant doesn't know he's gay.
His wife doesn't know he's gay.
His girlfriend doesn't know he's gay.
His friends don't know he's gay.
His cousin doesn't know he's gay.
His fiancee doesn't know he's gay.
His boss doesn't know he's gay.
Oh, you're Algerian!
Oh, you're Polish!
Oh, you're Hungarian!
Oh, you're American!
Oh, you're Japanese!
Oh, you're Spanish!
Oh, you're Portuguese!
Oh, you're German!
Oh, you're French!
Oh, you're Palestinian!
They were wearing orange.
Last month, he went to Algeria.
Last month, he went to the United States.
Last month, he went to Spain.
Last month, he went to Mexico.
Last month, he went to Portugal.
Last month, he went to Brazil.
Last month, he went to Poland.
Last month, he went to Germany.
Last month, he went to Hungary.
Last month, he went to Turkey.
Last month, he went to Italy.
Oh, you're Italian!
Oh, you're Turkish!
There is a dead guy in there.
There is a dead rat in there.
There is a dead mouse in there.
There is a dead raccoon in there.
There is a dead cat in there.
There is a dead dog in there.
There is a dead man in there.
That's his cousin.
That's his brother.
That's his sister.
That's his father.
That's his mother.
That's his father-in-law.
That's his mother-in-law.
That's his stepfather.
That's his stepmother.
That's his stepbrother.
That's his stepsister.
That's his son.
That's his daughter.
That's his son-in-law.
That's his daughter-in-law.
That's his girlfriend.
That's his best friend.
That's his grandson.
That's his granddaughter.
God even through the prophet Isaiah foretold the future ministry of John the Baptist.
He gave the eulogy.
He stopped moving.
He's depending on me.
He did this thing.
He has genuine feelings for her.
He barely knows her.
My father passed away a few months ago.
My mother passed away a few months ago.
My brother passed away a few months ago.
My sister passed away a few months ago.
My son passed away a few months ago.
My daughter passed away a few months ago.
My friend passed away a few months ago.
My best friend passed away a few months ago.
My cousin passed away a few months ago.
My uncle passed away a few months ago.
My aunt passed away a few months ago.
My grandfather passed away a few months ago.
My grandmother passed away a few months ago.
My dad passed away a few months ago.
My mom passed away a few months ago.
My brother-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My sister-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My father-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My mother-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My son-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My daughter-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My stepfather passed away a few months ago.
My stepmother passed away a few months ago.
My stepbrother passed away a few months ago.
My stepsister passed away a few months ago.
My grandson passed away a few months ago.
My granddaughter passed away a few months ago.
My father has been calling.
My mother has been calling.
My friend has been calling.
My best friend has been calling.
My co-worker has been calling.
My boss has been calling.
My stepfather has been calling.
My stepmother has been calling.
My brother has been calling.
My sister has been calling.
My son has been calling.
My daughter has been calling.
My cousin has been calling.
My uncle has been calling.
My aunt has been calling.
My lawyer has been calling.
My attorney has been calling.
My doctor has been calling.
My secretary has been calling.
My assistant has been calling.
My partner has been calling.
My wife has been calling.
My wife passed away a few months ago.
My girlfriend passed away a few months ago.
My boyfriend passed away a few months ago.
Family connections of Elizabeth, the wife of Zechariah, and Mary, the mother of Jesus, raise some questions.
My girlfriend has been calling.
My boyfriend has been calling.
My ex has been calling.
My ex-wife has been calling.
My ex-husband has been calling.
My ex-girlfriend passed away a few months ago.
My ex-wife passed away a few months ago.
My ex-boyfriend passed away a few months ago.
My ex-husband passed away a few months ago.
My grandfather has been calling.
My grandmother has been calling.
My grandson has been calling.
My granddaughter has been calling.
Death will pass over those who have their doorposts marked with lamb's blood.
He was speaking Berber.
Algiers is a great place.
He's a terrible father.
She's a terrible mother.
He's a terrible stepfather.
She's a terrible stepmother.
He's a terrible teacher.
He's a terrible coach.
He's a terrible boss.
I respect other people's opinions, but I like mine more.
All of these benefits exist only on paper.
Jesus Christ while living among people spoke in a terrible, from the point of view of the Jews, Galilean dialect of Aramaic language instead of Hebrew; thereby showing the inconsistency of the allegations of the existence of any sacred language, which claim the use of such in prayers especially brings the followers closer to God.
Everything belongs to everyone.
We live in a heteronormative society.
The girl is playing with her doll.
It was me who moved the table.
It was me that moved the desk.
It can be postponed until later.
You hate rules.
Tom is giving a bar of chocolate to a weeping child.
Stop killing animals, people.
Tom was sleeping during the working hours.
The lighthouse is gradually disappearing into the distance.
My happiness is overshadowed by the thought that Tom is not with us.
The first snowfall has come today.
I am a businessman.
I want to say goodbye to you.
He has got a pretty daughter.
She has a pretty daughter.
He didn't even say hello to him.
What do they want ?
My father always said: "Time is money!"
What does she want ?
Who saw them steal it?
Who saw them stealing that?
Who did you see steal it?
Eat more bread.
They witnessed a terrible accident.
What do you want ?
Mercury, appearing to us like a tiny black dot, passed across the vast, glaring face of the sun on November in a rare celestial transit.
Mercury is the solar system’s smallest, innermost planet, and its next solar transit isn’t until 2032.
Mary, the mother of Jesus, was from the tribe of Judah, and Elizabeth, the mother of John the Baptist, was from the tribe of Levi, so they could not be biological relatives.
The lion's mouth of the beast from the thirteenth chapter of the Apocalypse indicated that the official language of the world government will be English.
Where is she ?
The end of this world will come when the gospel of the coming Kingdom of God will be preached in the whole world.
Eat bread.
Quit preaching; you're boring me.
I don't care about Jesus.
You're going.
You're walking.
Tom tried to learn to to play an instrument.
Tom tried to learn to play a musical instrument.
American films are popular all over the world.
American movies are popular all over the world.
Tom learned French when he was a kid.
How much did you have to pay?
I wanted to do that with Tom.
I didn't know any French at that time.
How many surfers did you see?
I wanted Tom to study harder.
I'm pretty motivated to learn French.
How many sandwiches are left?
I wanted Tom to stay with me.
How many of those do we need?
I wanted Tom to stay at home.
How many monkeys did you see?
Let me tell you how I learned French.
I wanted Tom to speak to you.
How many injuries were there?
Most people around here speak French.
I wanted Tom to sing with me.
How many guitars do you have?
I wanted Tom to quit his job.
Which French dictionary should I buy?
How many cars have you owned?
I wanted Tom to feel special.
How many Canadians work here?
Tom needs to learn some basic French.
Congratulations! You won.
Congratulations on your win.
Did you see anything in the room?
Was there anything in the room?
What was in the room?
You seem to agree.
I want kids, but Tom doesn't.
How important is this to you?
I love doing things with Tom.
How hot did it get yesterday?
I like doing things with Tom.
I'm not so motivated to learn French.
I decided to sit next to Tom.
How can you stand the smell?
Did you record Tom's concert?
How can anybody be satisfied?
I need to know about him.
Tell me what you want from me.
I'm your attorney now.
I'm your doctor now.
I'm your wedding planner now.
I'm your lawyer now.
I'm your assistant now.
I'm your teacher now.
I'm your stepfather now.
I'm your stepmother now.
I'm your new principal now.
I'm your new teacher now.
I'm your Berber teacher now.
I'm your husband now.
I'm your wife now.
I'm your father-in-law now.
I'm your mother-in-law now.
I'm your bodyguard now.
I'm your coach now.
Love is patient.
This love is true.
I love your lips.
I never married.
She looks terrible in yellow.
She looks terrible in black.
She looks terrible in blue.
She looks terrible in red.
She looks terrible in green.
She looks terrible in purple.
She looks terrible in white.
Were you there when fire was invented?
Were you there when dinosaurs were still around?
He's performing live.
One of them is drunk.
It's hot in Algiers.
He's a world-class actor.
He's a master of disguise.
He helped her escape.
He should wait to hear from her.
Were you adopted by an Algerian family?
She was adopted by an Algerian family.
You said I could use your phone.
He has a co-worker who is attracted to him.
He means nothing to her.
I saw your smoke signals. Are you in distress?
I heard your shots. Are you in distress?
I heard your four shots. Are you in distress?
I saw your lights. Are you in distress?
He's here to save you.
He never saw that show.
He's the show host.
You need to find a purpose to your life.
It's too easy to translate.
This book is too easy to translate.
This poem is too easy to translate.
This novel is too easy to translate.
This text is too easy to translate.
This article is too easy to translate.
This document is too easy to translate.
This report is too easy to translate.
This story is too easy to translate.
How about we all head home and call it a night.
He's in there.
You need to find your purpose in the world.
They were blinking angrily at each other.
He can't talk to animals.
He can talk to animals.
He wanted to be a veterinarian.
He wanted to be a vet.
He wanted to be a doctor.
He wanted to be a dentist.
He wanted to be a lawyer.
He wanted to be a judge.
He wanted to be a pilot.
He wanted to be a pharmacist.
He wanted to be a gynecologist.
He wanted to be an eye doctor.
He wanted to be a park ranger.
He wanted to be a scientist.
He wanted to be an inventor.
He wanted to be a teacher.
He wanted to be a psychiatrist.
He wanted to be a psychologist.
He wanted to be a therapist.
He wanted to be a journalist.
He wanted to be a detective.
He wanted to be a policeman.
He wanted to be a cop.
He wanted to be a reporter.
He wanted to be a Berber teacher.
He wanted to be a programmer.
He wanted to be an astronaut.
He wanted to be an actor.
He wanted to be a film director.
He wanted to be a businessman.
He wanted to be a priest.
He wanted to be a Hindu priest.
He wanted to be an Air Force pilot.
He wanted to be a rabbi.
He wanted to be a writer.
He wanted to be an astronomer.
He wanted to be a chef.
He wanted to be a painter.
Algiers is in Algeria.
Tizi-Ouzou is in Algeria.
You made us look like fools.
You're being played by a kid.
You're being played by a child.
You're being played by a prostitute.
You're being played by a hooker.
You're being played by a girl half your age.
You're being played by a boy half your age.
"Las Vegas is in Arizona, you idiot!" "Really?" "And California is in Los Angeles."
He acts nice.
They act nice.
He turned my life upside down.
We made your life better.
Salas and Skura were born in Algeria.
My father is coming over tomorrow.
My mother is coming over tomorrow.
My grandfather is coming over tomorrow.
My grandmother is coming over tomorrow.
My stepfather is coming over tomorrow.
My stepmother is coming over tomorrow.
My brother is coming over tomorrow.
My sister is coming over tomorrow.
My cousin is coming over tomorrow.
My stepbrother is coming over tomorrow.
My stepsister is coming over tomorrow.
My parents are coming over tomorrow.
My father-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My mother-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My brother-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My sister-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My son is coming over tomorrow.
My daughter is coming over tomorrow.
My stepson is coming over tomorrow.
My stepdaughter is coming over tomorrow.
My son-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My daughter-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
You look like a woman of refinement.
You look like a woman of distinction.
My nephew is coming over tomorrow.
My niece is coming over tomorrow.
My grandson is coming over tomorrow.
My granddaughter is coming over tomorrow.
My boyfriend is coming over tomorrow.
My girlfriend is coming over tomorrow.
My friend is coming over tomorrow.
"You don't even speak Berber." "I speak Berber."
You need to bend her to your will.
Which one of you speaks Berber?
You were both wrong.
I'm guessing this pizza is all for me.
I love this script.
I love this novel.
The cricket is on the table.
The ant is on the table.
The butterfly is on the table.
The fly is on the table.
The cockroach is on the table.
The roach is on the table.
The ladybug is on the table.
The beetle is on the table.
The spider is on the table.
I've never met a woman like you.
I'd never leave Algiers.
I hope you don't mind eating dinner at five o'clock.
He's into astrology.
He's making a complete fool of himself.
I hate astrology.
I hate history.
Your lips are really soft.
Your lips are really sweet.
He caught the cricket.
He caught the ant.
He caught the fly.
He caught the bee.
He caught the wasp.
He caught the spider.
He caught the centipede.
He caught the beetle.
He caught the butterfly.
He caught the ladybug.
He caught the caterpillar.
He caught the cockroach.
He caught the roach.
He's a Berber language professor.
He's a Berber professor.
Stop being so damn stupid.
Stop being so stupid.
Do you want her number?
I can get you her number.
There is no reason to rush things.
He doesn't want to miss the debate.
He's a football hero.
He's a soccer hero.
He's a baseball hero.
He's a basketball hero.
Let's go back to my place.
Let's go back to my room.
You look so sexy.
I don't think I could keep my hands off you.
His wife just died a year ago.
Her husband just died a year ago.
His grandfather just died a year ago.
His grandmother just died a year ago.
His father just died a year ago.
His mother just died a year ago.
His brother just died a year ago.
His sister just died a year ago.
His stepfather just died a year ago.
His stepmother just died a year ago.
His stepbrother just died a year ago.
His stepsister just died a year ago.
His father-in-law just died a year ago.
His mother-in-law just died a year ago.
His brother-in-law just died a year ago.
His sister-in-law just died a year ago.
His cousin just died a year ago.
His son just died a year ago.
His daughter just died a year ago.
His nephew just died a year ago.
His niece just died a year ago.
His grandson just died a year ago.
His granddaughter just died a year ago.
His uncle just died a year ago.
His aunt just died a year ago.
My coach is gonna kill me.
My teacher is gonna kill me.
My boss is gonna kill me.
My dad talks about you all the time.
My mom talks about you all the time.
My brother talks about you all the time.
My sister talks about you all the time.
My grandfather talks about you all the time.
My grandmother talks about you all the time.
My uncle talks about you all the time.
My aunt talks about you all the time.
My father-in-law talks about you all the time.
My mother-in-law talks about you all the time.
My brother-in-law talks about you all the time.
My sister-in-law talks about you all the time.
My son-in-law talks about you all the time.
My daughter-in-law talks about you all the time.
My son talks about you all the time.
My daughter talks about you all the time.
My grandson talks about you all the time.
My granddaughter talks about you all the time.
He's our problem solver.
She's doing her nails.
We made couscous.
We made couscous and it's delicious.
We love Mom.
We love Dad.
Explaining the meaning of the parable of the richer and Lazarus, the Seventh-day Adventists claim that the rich man experienced physical pain, what could only happen after the Second Coming of Christ and the judgment of sinners. Therefore, in their opinion, the events described in this parable relate to the Second Coming, and are not proof of the immortality of the soul.
Unlike most Protestants, Seventh-day Adventists do not believe in the immortality of the soul and eternal hell fire.
Some passages from the apostolic epistles may cast doubt on the Seventh-day Adventist doctrine of the denial of the immortality of the soul.
The canal is clogged.
The sewer is clogged.
I have several books in English.
I have got several books in English.
He delivered bad news to us.
Both of them are quiet now.
I didn't know that he speaks English.
I didn't know that they speak English.
We are waiting for you too.
Remember to sweep the kitchen.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen.
Tatoeba is a ship bound for Boston and navigated by Tom. Those who are running in a different direction on board suppose that they are going someplace else.
This is gonna get bad. Brace yourselves.
Brace yourselves. This is gonna get bad.
I don't understand the issue.
He is doing it quickly.
Since when have you been speaking German?
Nobody lives in this building.
She has knowledge and experience.
He threw me on the ground.
There is a beautiful museum in my hometown.
It seldom happens that English people address a stranger on the train.
If you don't eat anything, you will surely die.
He is interested in the latest development of cybernetics.
This is a very expensive horse.
I have discovered a new star.
He injured his left hand.
The meat is uncooked.
He slept for three hours.
Mary was singing.
Mary sang.
The rebels attempted to seize power.
I am starting just now.
I didn't understand anything!
The mother divided the pie into eight pieces.
She is working in our office now.
"Where's Tom?" "On a dissection table."
Why aren't you the one who helps her?
America’s affluent class is bigger than ever, with more disposable income to treat itself to indulgences like massages, manicures, pedicures, and personal trainers.
While jobs for middle class Americans continue to shrink, work positions are growing at the top and the bottom of the payscale.
Laborers in the emerging underclass who cater to the whims of the better-off are sometimes referred to as “wealth workers."
Not only are there more rich people, but there are more people who are doing fairly well, and all of them are willing to pay for these services, whether it's yoga instructors or dog walking or task running. And there are more people than ever in the lower third of the distribution that really need this sort of work.
“What we don't have a lot of in the country is middle-wage income ... work that we might say was traditionally more solid or dignified,” Muro says.
Personal care and services occupations are the fastest growing segment of the job market for non-college-educated workers, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. These jobs are expected to grow 17% in the next decade, resulting in more than million new jobs.
The number of manicurists and pedicurists doubled between and 2017, according to the Brookings Institute.
The number of fitness trainers and dog walkers increased at up to three times the rate of overall employment.
Kathleen Chirico walks several dogs as part of her daily routine as a dog walker.
These workers are among the most vulnerable to exploitation by their employers, and rarely enjoy benefits like sick leave, vacation packages, pensions or retirement.
One-third of the American workforce is currently involved in the so-called gig economy, about 10% of them full time. The rest are part time, picking up gigs — such as driving for the Uber car service — to supplement income from another job.
I think it’s good for the economy because these are people who need those jobs.
The question is not how do we get rid of the gig economy, but how do we marry that with security? And it's not just a question for gig workers, but for all low-wage workers in America.
Hyman says one answer to the problem could be to set up a system of portable benefits. “Every time there is a transaction, every time somebody comes to your door and delivers something to you, a dollar goes into their retirement account and a dollar goes into their health care fund,” Hyman says.
It is likely there will always be demand for service work, jobs that often serve to emphasize the divide between the haves and the have-nots.
I love birthdays.
This isn't what we agreed on.
This is not what we agreed on.
I was late because I ran out of gas.
A lot of things still need to be changed.
You should've dealt with that yourself.
Tom stared at Mary as if she were speaking a foreign language.
Tom dreamed Mary had abandoned him.
His face turned bright red.
Her face turned bright red.
This is not what we had agreed on.
I had the feeling that Tom knew more about Mary than he let on.
I had the feeling Tom knew more about Mary than he let on.
Why do you think that Tom hasn't done that yet?
Why do you think Tom hasn't done that yet?
What made you think that Tom wouldn't do that?
What made you think Tom wouldn't do that?
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, somebody came into the room.
The concert ended at midnight.
Who'll be the next class president, Tom or Mary?
Tom doesn't usually sing in French.
How are you going to go home?
We saw Tom riding a bicycle.
How are things going at work?
Tom made a video about that.
Do you have a younger sister?
Tom is taking inventory now.
I was very motivated to learn French.
Tom gave a roll of film to Mary.
Maybe Tom likes somebody else.
Tom got up and walked nonchalantly to the door.
Tom smiled nonchalantly and didn't say a thing.
Tom leaned nonchalantly against the wall.
I'm reading that book right now.
I'm content with my job.
I'm more beautiful than you.
I'm sorry that I have troubled you so much.
I'm sorry I have troubled you so much.
I'm sure this book will be of great use to you.
I'm sure that this book will be of great use to you.
These logs have been falsified. Someone has been rewriting history.
Go back to Churkistan!
God said that He didn't need animal sacrifices.
I adore this group.
You mustn't deride him.
Nobody has come today.
My father doesn't drink alcohol or smoke.
I don't need a bag, thanks.
Don't abandon hope.
He fell from the other side of the horse.
I don't want to be taken advantage of.
I don't know where your book is.
Finally, they have met.
Welcome to our website!
Turkey is a developing country.
He is called Tom.
He's called Tom.
"Do you know what the capital of America is?" "I didn't know that a continent had a capital."
When are you coming home to the Faroe Islands?
Happy birthday.
I ate the apples already.
The mountain ash is blooming. It's time to sow flax.
The berries of the mountain ash are very sour.
Rowan berries are very sour.
It's been intermittent for or months.
Do you mean I can't speak French?
Do you mean that I can't speak French?
Tense your shoulders.
Tense your shoulders. Now, relax them completely.
Try to touch your ears with your shoulders.
I felt really scared.
Do you really think that this is OK?
We think that Tom will be back soon.
Tom says that he doesn't want to talk to you.
If Tom isn't happy, I'm not happy.
I think that it's all right now.
Tom says that he's read all of these books.
We aren't sure what Tom is doing.
We're not sure what Tom is doing.
Tom says that this is what he really wants.
Tom says that he met my father.
I think that it's going to work.
There's something that they're not telling us.
Are you sure that Tom is happy?
I think that I'll always love Mary.
Somebody is watching you.
Tom says that he has to speak French.
Tom says that he had to speak French.
Are you sure that that's what Tom wants?
I knew that you'd be talking about Tom.
We think that this will work well.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him you're looking for him.
You and Tom are good friends, aren't you?
Are you sure that you're going to be all right?
Are you sure that you'll be all right?
You know more than you think you do.
We're the only ones that'll be there.
Tom told Mary that he'd be right back.
I'm sure that you'll think of something.
I'm sure that you'll come up with something.
I think that that car over there is Tom's.
Do you really think that Tom is cold?
Do you really think that Tom is better than me?
Do you really think that Tom is better than I am?
What makes you think that Tom can do this?
I think that you really mean it.
Do you think I'm not trying?
I think that I'll go to Boston next month.
I think that it's time for me to make some new friends.
We think that Tom will be OK.
I think that I'd better go back now.
Do you think that Tom will be here this afternoon?
I think that it's time for me to say goodbye.
Do you think that I like it more than you do?
Do you think that you'll be here tomorrow?
Do you really think that Tom can do that?
Do you think that you can get it working?
We have to be sure that we're right.
I'm not the only one that can do this.
I'm sure that I told you about that.
That's all that I can tell you at this time.
You're Tom's students, aren't you?
I think that your friends are here.
Are you sure that you want to know?
I'm sure that they'll come back for us.
Tom says that I drink too much.
I think that it's time for you to go.
I don't believe that I can help.
I think that we've seen enough.
What makes you think that Tom is still a high school student?
Don't you think that we need to change that?
Do you think that Tom would help?
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Boston with him.
I'm sure that someone will do it.
I'm sure somebody will do it.
I'm sure that somebody will do it.
Here's the book that you wanted to read.
You know who we are, don't you?
Are you quite sure that it was Tom you saw doing that?
Would you tell Tom that I'm back?
Was that really something that we had to do?
That's all that I want to do.
I hope that you're not planning to do that.
I hope that you're not planning on doing that.
You said that you needed more time.
It's been raining off and on all day.
My hovercraft is teeming with eel.
Aren't we going on a holiday to Niger?
Ali is idealistic.
Didn't you visit America?
"Where are your uncles from?" "Japan."
I want to call my boss.
Did he come?
"Where are his friends from?" "Spain."
You're going on holiday to Niger.
We're buying this.
You are not going on holiday to New Zealand.
I'm not able to work.
Ali is conservative.
Is it a holiday you're going on to New Zealand?
Ali drank tea.
Would only one be enough?
Don't dream!
Don't joke around!
What lives under a rock?
What's that glass on the counter?
What's that bottle on the counter?
What's that wallet on the counter?
What's that purse on the counter?
What's that phone on the counter?
What's that tablet on the counter?
What's that box on the counter?
What's that gun on the counter?
What's that bag on the counter?
What's that rifle on the counter?
What's that mug on the counter?
What's that package on the counter?
What's that plate on the counter?
What's that shit on the counter?
What's that glass on the table?
What's that phone on the table?
What's that wallet on the table?
What's that tablet on the table?
What's that laptop on the table?
What's that plate on the table?
What's that flask on the table?
What's that flask on the counter?
What's that bag on the table?
What's that gun on the table?
What's that rifle on the table?
What's that box on the table?
What's that hammer on the table?
What's that book on the table?
What's that purse on the table?
What's that camera on the table?
What's that suitcase on the table?
What's that shit on the table?
What's that map on the table?
Mennad doesn't regret that.
Mennad is curious to know what you think.
What would Mennad have done?
Mennad shouldn't try this at home.
Mennad found a centipede in his bathtub.
Mennad found a huge centipede in his car.
Mennad found a huge centipede in his trunk.
Mennad caught a centipede in his room.
Mennad ate the centipede.
Mennad squished the centipede.
Mennad put the centipede in a jar.
Centipedes are bugs.
There is a centipede in the kitchen.
There is a centipede in the bathroom.
Mennad killed the centipede.
Mennad isn't scared of centipedes.
Mennad found a centipede in the basement.
Mennad sleeps with spiders and centipedes.
Mennad found a centipede in the toilet.
Mennad killed a huge centipede.
You don't have to kill this centipede.
Mennad eats centipedes.
Mennad knows everything about centipedes.
The centipede is still alive.
The centipede is still moving.
The centipede is still there.
The centipede is still in Mennad's room.
Please don't kill that centipede.
This is Mennad's centipede.
Centipedes are so beautiful.
Mennad dislikes centipedes.
Mennad wouldn't kill a centipede.
Mennad hates centipedes.
Mennad studies centipedes.
Mennad wrote a book about centipedes.
The centipede was crawling across the room.
The centipede was crawling across the table.
The centipede was crawling across Mennad's bed.
Mennad grabbed the centipede.
Mennad picked the centipede up.
The centipede is moving.
The centipede is alive.
Mennad went to her room.
Mennad went to sleep with her.
The centipede is not there.
Is it safe to eat centipede?
Mennad sent Baya pictures of centipedes.
Mennad doesn't like centipedes.
Mennad caught a scary centipede.
Is this a centipede?
Do centipedes bite?
Are centipedes dangerous?
Mennad can eat a centipede.
Mennad found a centipede in the garage.
There was a centipede in the garage.
The centipede is still in the garage.
Mennad is praying to God.
Mennad was snoring like a bear.
The centipede could bite you in your sleep.
Mennad used to love centipedes.
Mennad ate the centipede alive.
Mennad didn't expect to get a message back.
Mennad got a message back.
Mennad wrote something so weird.
Mennad said something so weird.
Mennad did something so weird.
Mennad asked some weird questions.
Mennad is on the Internet.
Mennad doesn't watch Baya's videos.
Mennad knows where Baya lives.
Mennad asked Baya if she watched his videos.
Mennad has finally asked Baya for her number.
Mennad was already planning a wedding.
There was nothing more to say.
Mennad has so many girls that he talks to.
Mennad texted Baya first.
Mennad is interested in Baya.
I'd love to cuddle with you right now.
Mennad didn't want to make Baya mad.
I'd love to snuggle with you right now.
Mennad had an odd feeling.
Mennad continued to talk to Baya.
Mennad drove for hours and hours.
Mennad has the strictest mom in Egypt.
Mennad wanted to kiss Baya.
What would Mennad say?
What would Mennad do?
I'm feeling really uncomfortable.
I don't know you like that.
Mennad stopped talking to Baya.
Mennad deleted the pictures.
Mennad blocked Baya's number.
Mennad didn't want to see that.
Mennad unfollowed Baya on Instagram.
Mennad was looking for a sexting buddy.
Mennad has been single for a very long time.
Mennad is a kind person.
Mennad is a scumbag.
Mennad is a fuckboy.
Mennad didn't trust Baya at all.
Mennad doesn't blame Baya at all.
Mennad is the biggest idiot in the world.
Mennad is the biggest doofus in the world.
Mennad is the dumbest person in the world.
Mennad is the stupidest person in the world.
Mennad means nothing to Baya.
Mennad's cat is underneath here.
He'll kill me.
Mennad and Baya have a dog together.
Mennad left Baya in another town.
Mennad left Baya in Egypt.
Mennad was in the military.
Mennad was in the army.
Mennad left Baya in a crappy situation.
Mennad was at work.
Mennad loves Alan Jackson's music.
Mennad listens to Alan Jackson.
Mennad is a fan of Alan Jackson.
Alan Jackson is an excellent singer.
Alan Jackson is a good singer.
Alan Jackson is a very good singer.
"Mennad listens to cowboy music." "You mean country music, don't you?" "Yeah, that music."
Bernie Sanders would not have been left-wing enough for any of the Jewish socialists of old.
America today has very little in the way of a left wing, and Israel has even less of one.
I don't know anything!
I don't know nothing!
That's what he did with courage.
He lived as he wanted.
This is my son, everything else is destiny.
Frankincense added to the grain offering was a prototype of prayer to God.
God's law forbids eating blood, because the life of all flesh is the blood.
Christ did not abolish God's law.
Here is about everything that you should know.
I am afraid of that dog.
Tom isn't used to working in a team.
The bus has just pulled out.
Dagestan is the Mecca of wrestling.
Ali is an idealist.
The arteries transport oxygen-rich blood from the heart to the tissues.
She has a very busy work schedule.
She has a very busy schedule.
She gave Tom a kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave Tom a kiss on the cheek.
A 17-year-old male in Michigan is said to be the first person in the United States to receive a bilateral lung transplant for vaping-related injuries.
"What I saw in his lungs is nothing that I've ever seen before, and I've been doing lung transplants for years," said Hassan Nemeh, M.D., surgical director of the Thoracic Organ Transplant System at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit.
Tom has a very busy schedule.
First admitted to Ascension St. John Hospital in Detroit in September, the then-16-year-old showed symptoms consistent with pneumonia.
As his condition deteriorated rapidly, however, he was transferred to Children's Hospital of Michigan after less than a week and placed on life support.
Doctors took dramatic measures to save the teen's life.
"Within a very short period of time, our lives have been forever changed. From the typical life of a perfectly healthy 16-year-old athlete — attending high school, hanging out with friends, sailing and playing video games — to waking up intubated and with two new lungs," stated the family.
The family urged people to stop vaping.
"If this press announcement saves just one person, prevents others from vaping or inspires someone addicted to seek help to quit, it is surely a step in the right direction," said the patient's family.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), more than 2,people in the U.S. have suffered lung injuries related to vaping, and at least people have died.
Health officials have pointed to vitamin E acetate, an additive found in vaping products, as a likely culprit.
According to the CDC, however, rates of tobacco use are rising among America's youth. Last year, 4.million middle- and high school students used tobacco, an increase from 3.million in 2017.
"This increase — driven by a surge in e-cigarette use — erased past progress in reducing youth tobacco product use," stated a CDC Vital Signs report.
Tom knew everything now.
Mary knew everything now.
You know everything now.
I have my suspicions.
"Do you know who did this?" "I have my suspicions."
Italy has declared a state of emergency in Venice.
The water recedes at low tide.
The MOSE Project aims to protect Venice from flooding.
The city was damaged by the flood.
Always give others the benefit of the doubt.
Mary gave her the cold shoulder.
Mary gave Alice the cold shoulder.
Tom partied a little too hard last night.
I heard that Mary partied a little too hard with Tom last night.
Riddle, enigma: I aimed at my heels and I touched my nose. What is it ? What's that? (tarf, fart).
You should let me cool down, otherwise I'll say something I might regret.
I willingly give the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
I leave the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
What's Tom doing here? He wasn't invited.
Which suitcase is yours?
My parents always speak to me French.
I want you to come back to Boston.
I saw that movie on Monday.
All those boxes are empty.
I'd prefer to not talk about that now.
I just found out about that an hour ago.
We think that you're doing very well here.
I think that it's time for me to get a dog.
Do you think that we'll get there on time?
I think that they really like you.
Could I have another piece of toast?
My mother packed my suitcase for me.
Tom would like to be left alone.
Tom said that he'd like to be left alone.
Tom said he'd like to be left alone.
Tom and Mary shouted at each other.
I think that we can do a lot better.
Do you think that you can do that?
I think that I have something you want.
I think that it means a lot to Tom.
I think that I've always loved Mary.
Don't you think that we can do it?
I think that I'd better go with Tom.
Don't you think that you'll be back by 2:30?
I think that it's time for me to study.
I think that that's the right thing to do.
I think that it's the right thing to do.
I think that it's time for me to go.
I think that it's time for me to leave.
I think that it's time for me to shove off.
I think that Mary is the right woman for me.
You're seriously ill.
You should leave now. If you don't, you won't get there by 2:30.
You should leave now before Tom sees you.
I think that you should leave.
You should leave Tom a message.
Just when I needed you most, you left.
I don't understand why you want to leave.
You can take as many of these apples as you want as long as you leave me a few.
The weather was beautiful yesterday.
We're expecting Tom to arrive any day now.
You should've left Tom a message.
Why didn't you leave Tom a message?
Tom didn't leave until 2:30.
Tom left after midnight.
Leave my children alone.
Tom asked permission to leave.
Tom asked for permission to leave.
Tom didn't ask for permission to leave.
Tom should've asked for permission to leave.
Tom wasn't given permission to leave.
Why didn't you let Tom leave?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave early?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave early today?
This airplane is big!
I heard that Tom partied a little too hard last night.
I heard Tom partied a little too hard last night.
I heard that Tom partied all night.
I heard Tom partied all night.
Tom knows about everything we did.
Tom wasn't having a great time.
Tom thought that he was being followed.
Tom looked bored stiff.
Tom isn't used to working with others.
Tom was caught sleeping on the job.
Tom gave some chocolate to the crying child.
Tom was a very noisy kid.
Tom refused to pay the cab driver.
Tom refused to pay the taxi driver.
Tom refused to pay the taxi cab driver.
Tom washed his feet the best he could.
I didn't know that you liked doing that.
I didn't know you liked doing that.
There wasn't anything left to say.
There was nothing left to say.
I'm starting to feel really uncomfortable here.
Tom and Mary spent all afternoon talking about computers.
Tom likes talking about hunting.
All Tom did during dinner was talk about his fishing trip.
Tom and Mary often talk about tennis.
Tom and Mary talked about where they'd visited.
Do you think men talk about women more then women talk about men?
Do you think that men talk about women more then women talk about men?
There are only three pairs of chopsticks on the table. We need another pair.
How many glasses do we need?
Are there enough forks for everyone?
I don't normally work on Monday.
I don't normally work on Mondays.
Monday is usually my day off.
I'm sure that you'll have a good time in Boston.
He has been falsely accused.
It is on the ninth floor.
I would prefer tea to coffee.
You can study.
How long have you been a smoker?
So? Are these translations correct? Truth be told, I first wrote them in French, then translated them into Kabyle, and only after that did I translate them into English.
You should leave me cool; otherwise, I will say a possible blunder!
You should leave me cool; otherwise, I will say a possible blunder.
She has lost her glasses.
This is fish.
That is milk.
Is that milk?
Edvard Hagerup Grieg was a Norwegian composer and pianist.
Edvard Grieg is considered one of the leading composers of the Romantic era.
The neverlur is a trumpet made from spruce covered in birch bark.
This is bread.
The lur was a viking instrument.
Some people see a rabbit. Others, a duck.
Some people see a rabbit. Others, see a duck.
Some people will see a rabbit. Others, will see a duck.
Some people will see a rabbit. Other people will see a duck.
Some people see a duck. Others, a rabbit.
Some people see a duck. Others, see a rabbit.
When looking at this image, some people see a duck and others, a rabbit.
Some people see the duck, but have difficulty seeing the rabbit.
Some people see the rabbit, but have difficulty seeing the duck.
Tom can easily flip between seeing the rabbit or the duck.
Which animal do you see when looking at this image?
The duck-rabbit illusion first appeared in Die Fliegenden Blatter in 1892.
The duck's beak is also the rabbit's ears.
Women are also people.
Tom bought two advance tickets for a Boston Symphony Orchestra show taking place in Chicago.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope I won't.
I am in the forest.
She is lying.
"What nationality were your cousins?" "English."
Tom pre-purchased two tickets for the performance of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra in Chicago.
Fixed!
I am afraid that everyone can see where I am traveling when I have my cellphone with me.
I suspect that this online store is going to sell my personal data to others without my permission.
When I don't want to be followed by a web service provider, I turn off my cellphone.
I should trust my doctor more than my priest.
Tell me if I'm wrong.
He loves her more than anything.
Sliman also loves his dad.
He obeys him.
He is a child who does not bother anyone.
He is a child who follows the advice of his parents and teachers.
What makes you think that someone was here?
She wrapped herself in a wool blanket.
She wrapped herself in a woolen blanket.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist.
Johannes Brahms was a German composer and pianist of the Romantic period.
Stephen Miller is a white nationalist.
The gist of the Nuremberg trials is that if you don't punch Nazis, you're as bad as they are.
German is the most widely spoken native language in the European Union.
Robert Schumann was a German composer and pianist.
A hand injury put an end to Schumann's dream of becoming a pianist.
Schumann married his music teacher's daughter Clara, who was a pianist and music prodigy.
Clara's father opposed their marriage.
Clara's father ordered all their correspondance burned.
Clara acted as a confidante to her husband.
Tom confided in his friend.
Mary confided in her friend.
Tom took the tramway.
Trains follow a schedule.
Tom took the train.
Tom looked at the train timetable.
I wish I had thought of it.
I wish I had thought of this.
Tom wished he had thought of this before.
This is a guide-book to joy. It is for the use of the sad, the bored, the tired, anxious, disheartened and disappointed. It is for the use of all those whose cup of vitality is not brimming over.
The world has not yet seen enough of joy. It bears the reputation of an elusive sprite with finger always at lip bidding farewell.
In certain dark periods, especially in times of international warfare, joy threatens to vanish altogether from the earth. It is then the first duty of all peaceful folk to find and hold fast to joy, keeping it in trust for their embattled brothers.
Robert Louis Stevenson warns us that "to travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive," beautifully portraying the emptiness and illusory character of achievement.
The lovers exchanged love letters.
The lovers met in secret.
Tom and Mary exchanged love letters.
Tom waited for hours just to see Mary for a few minutes.
Here is everything that you should know.
Here is everything you should know.
Here is everything that you need to know.
Here is everything you need to know.
It's the best thing since sliced bread.
What are you girls doing here?
Why are you girls here today?
Why are you guys here today?
Why are you all here today?
Could you ladies please help me?
Could you gentlemen please follow me?
How were you guys able to do that so quickly?
How were you all able to do that so quickly?
How were you able to do that so quickly?
I wish I'd thought of this.
I wish that I'd thought of this.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope I don't.
I hope that I don't see Tom today.
I hope I don't see Tom today.
That's milk.
What makes you think someone was here?
What makes you think that somebody was here?
What makes you think somebody was here?
Excuse me, where are the elevators?
Excuse me, where's the elevator?
It looks somewhat like a fish, but it isn't.
It looks a little like a fish, but it isn't.
This tastes like bread, but it isn't.
This tastes a little like chicken, but it's actually rabbit.
I didn't want to fight, but I had to.
Tom was having trouble breathing.
Tom was having trouble breathing, so we took him to the hospital.
What newspapers do you subscribe to?
If there's no wind, the sails cannot fill.
If they'd told us there's water, we wouldn't have believed it.
The saying goes "I'll believe it when I see it".
What does the city hall say?
Breathe – it's free!
The commission is perfectly capable of finding a solution to this disaster.
We like diversity. However, uniformity still seems more comfortable.
Fireflies seen in daylight aren't all that pretty.
Tomorrow is Easter Monday.
We like diversity, don't we?
This project, proposed during the Napoleonic era, is more expensive.
There isn't any fish there.
Has he got a stomach ache?
Don't run across the road.
I escorted my daugther to the school.
Does anybody speak Japanese here?
He was ill.
I am going to get married soon!
I am starving because I didn't have breakfast.
I am Greek.
I saw my wife going towards the window.
We'll have more luck with the bats.
You're a great man.
I have pins and needles in my leg.
My leg is numb.
We'll see each other on Tuesday.
Does Algeria have a capable navy?
I think that Algeria has a capable navy.
Algeria isn't scared of separatists.
Algeria is wealthy.
Algeria is a wealthy nation.
Tom was in Boston; Tom is in Boston and Tom stays in Boston.
Algeria will not be divided by its enemies.
Algeria has embarked on a new path of development.
Algeria needs to embark on a new path of economic development.
Algeria needs to dispose of extremism.
Algeria will flourish.
Algeria needs to become an industrial giant.
The Algerian Sahara is the least developed part of the country.
Algeria had a strong centralized bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to get rid of its centralized bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to reform its economy.
Algeria could really become one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Algeria is a relatively secure country.
France began colonizing Algeria in 1830.
Algeria achieved its independence from France in 1962.
Algeria is facing a genuine threat.
Algeria is facing a genuine existential threat.
Algeria is facing a genuine security threat.
Algeria is difficult to occupy.
Algeria is difficult to invade.
Algeria can't be defeated militarily.
Algeria has seen its fair share of French aggression.
Adventists believe that worldwide Sunday Law will mark the beginning of the great tribulation and the closing of the doors of grace.
Algeria has no land border with Chad.
As far as I know, he is a hero.
Classes start in the morning.
I am going to attend the conference.
Go and see it.
It is necessary to wait.
Take care of your family.
This book was published in 1689.
I wish he would come!
In his letter to the New Testament church, James The Apostle wrote about necessity of keeping God's Law.
John The Apostle did not see any contradiction between the keeping of God's Law and faith in Jesus Christ.
Jesus by allowing demons to enter a herd of pigs demonstrated the immutability of God's law on unclean animals.
King Hezekiah broke into pieces the brazen serpent, because the sons of Israel made an idol out of it, thereby violating the second commandment.
I'm a fifth generation Baptist.
A right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
I was content with little, knowing that it was the shameful contentment, merely for seeing what a thing it was to live merrily.
The magical river smiles in awe at the merry and emeraldine scenery of its banks.
Calvin had become a chronic sufferer from ague and catarrh.
Buying an apartment in Moscow is a big expense.
The Doctor travels through time and space.
I will do anything, aside from disobeying the law.
He does well at school.
Tom started having problems with his academic performance as early as elementary school.
My mom doesn't care how well I do at school.
Good academic performance is the result of diligence.
Tom never had problems with his academic performance.
This needs to be nipped in the bud.
I don't like his brash way of talking.
My grandmother was a devout person.
My grandmother was devout.
In games of chance, it's very important to know the probabilities of events.
Gambling brought him to ruin.
This news can be trusted.
I want to convince myself of the veracity of this story.
An aristocratic title is only inherited via the male lineage.
I found my calling.
I found my vocation.
Tom looked like a different person.
Mary looked like a different person.
After removing her glasses and untying her hair, Mary looked like a completely different person.
Mary removed her glasses and untied her hair.
Tom was like a different person.
Tom is like a different person around you.
Tom broached the subject with Mary at breakfast.
Tom tried to broach the subject.
Tom did not broach the subject.
Tom was racked with self-doubt.
I was racked with self-doubt.
Mary was racked with self-doubt.
Who was the boy who was with you today?
Who was the girl who was with you today?
He did it all with the ten fingers of his hands.
Some people bully others for being different.
Let me make a modest contribution.
Their traditional lifestyle was destroyed.
The girls watched one another.
Money is just paper.
The conversation became awkward.
She was like a different person.
He was like a different person.
You can deprive me of my title if you want.
You can take away my title if you want.
There are million native German speakers according to Wikipedia.
Don't show off your wealth.
Sloth is the mother of all vices.
Laziness is the mother of all vices.
My dog howled all night.
What is a sensible life?
Clearly, there were people who felt the same way that he did.
We feel the same way as you.
Frédéric Chopin was a Polish composer and pianist of the Romantic era.
Exhaustion can make you faint.
Chopin was a child prodigy.
Chopin was of slight build and prone to illness.
Schumann was admitted to a mental asylum at his own request.
Schumann was diagnosed with psychotic melancholia.
Tom was prone to melancholy.
Tom played a duet with Mary.
Chopin composed a polonaise.
Most of the other students wore trendy clothes.
Tom wore trendy clothes.
The two became friends.
Liszt and Chopin became friends.
Liszt and Chopin became friends in Paris.
Chopin's health continued to deteriorate.
Tom did not have the grades to get into the program.
Tom did not have the necessary grades to be admitted into the program.
Tom prepared a three-course meal.
Mary prepared a three-course meal.
Tom wrote his last will and testament.
Felix Mendelssohn was a German composer, conductor and pianist of the Romantic period.
Tom lost custody of his son.
George Sand was one of the most popular European writers in her lifetime.
George Sand chose to dress as a man.
George Sand cannot determine whether she is male or female. I entertain a high regard for all my colleagues, but it is not my place to decide whether she is my sister or my brother.
Sand spent the winter with Chopin in Majorca.
A talking frog!
He never talks to me.
I was expelled from the institute.
Animal testing should be banned.
I think he's gone nuts.
Mr. Dupont is an outstanding violinist.
I felt on top of the world when I saw Ali again.
After all, you wanted to continue climbing.
That is a keen observation.
The middle brother became a landowner.
My name is Azad.
He was a military prodigy.
He is a political prodigy.
He is a political lunatic.
Tom joined a religious cult.
The Turkish theater and cinema actress Yıldız Kenter has passed away today at the age of 91.
Before the battle of Korčula, the Venetians refused all peace offerings.
I study at Harvard.
Black Pete is racism.
Zwarte Piet is racism.
She's hated.
She's hated him as long as I can remember.
She has hated him as long as I can remember.
She's hated him for as long as I can remember.
She has hated him for as long as I can remember.
My language is Kurdish.
The lawyer that Tom hired has a lot of wealthy clients.
This medicine tastes terrible.
This medicine tastes awful.
I don't like the way this tastes.
I don't like the way this wine tastes.
The lawyer Tom hired has a lot of wealthy clients.
Let’s speak French or not speak at all.
Let’s either speak French or not speak at all.
Do I need a visa to visit Australia?
Do I have to get a visa to visit Australia?
Tom says that he always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he almost always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he almost always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he seldom has at more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he seldom has at more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he almost never has at more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he almost never has at more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he usually has at least three hundred dollars in his wallet.
Tom says he usually has at least three hundred dollars in his wallet.
She is detested.
Don't confuse Portuguese with Spanish.
"What nationality are your siblings?" "Paraguayan."
"What nationality are your brothers?" "Paraguayan."
This is really fascinating.
He found her fascinating.
She found him fascinating.
Tom tried to act normal, but you could tell from his facial expression and demeanor that he was seething with rage.
Tom will have to undergo several months of rehabilitation after leaving the hospital.
Tom thinks vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure.
Tom thinks that vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure.
Tom said that he had half a mind to quit his job and hitchhike around Australia.
Tom said he had half a mind to quit his job and hitchhike around Australia.
Tom painted the house as a surprise for Mary, but she didn't like the color.
What a smart aleck!
OK, calm down.
Tom likes all types of music, but classical music is his favorite.
Tom likes all kinds of music, but classical music is his favorite.
Tom's kids have a lot more toys than he had when he was young.
Tom's children have a lot more toys than he had when he was young.
Tom suddenly realized that what he was doing was very dangerous.
Tom suddenly realized what he was doing was very dangerous.
I thought you knew that already.
I thought that you knew that already.
I thought you already knew that.
I thought that you already knew that.
I thought you wanted me here.
I thought that you wanted me here.
I have some questions I want to ask you.
What Tom did for us helped us a lot.
I don't think that anyone would wait that long.
I don't think anyone would wait that long.
I don't think anybody would wait that long.
I don't think that anybody would wait that long.
Why don't you have a bicycle?
I can't help but think that it would've been better not to do that.
I can't help but think it would've been better not to do that.
It might be a good experience for you.
It may be a good experience for you.
I forced myself to eat what Tom made, even though it tasted awful.
I'm worried about Tom. I'm worried about Mary, too.
I'm worried about Tom. I'm also worried about Mary.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have school today.
I didn't know Tom didn't have school today.
The man I talked to on the bus said that he'd been to Australia three times.
The man that I talked to on the bus said that he'd been to Australia three times.
The man that I talked to on the bus said he'd been to Australia three times.
The man I talked to on the bus said he'd been to Australia three times.
I'd like to get a woman's perspective on this.
I'd like to get a female perspective on this.
Are you kids tired?
Are you children tired?
Are you guys tired?
Are you all tired?
Are you boys tired?
Are you girls tired?
The notice on the door was in a language that I didn't know.
The notice on the door was in a language I didn't know.
It gets pretty cold around here.
It gets pretty cold in this area.
It gets pretty cold in these parts.
Tom isn't exactly what I'd call handsome.
I don't really know much about Tom.
The cake should just about be ready to be taken out of the oven.
Do you do a lot of things with your children?
Do you do a lot of things with your kids?
Do you do a lot with your children?
Do you do a lot with your kids?
Mary isn't exactly what I'd call beautiful.
He found her near the place.
Are you feeling sad, lonely and abandoned?
That isn't what people normally say.
"May I speak to Mr. Jackson." "This is Tom Jackson speaking."
I'm ready for the end of the world.
Peter The Apostle cautioned against misinterpreting the epistles of the Apostle Paul and being carried away by the error of the lawless.
The first gentile was baptized by the apostle Peter.
Labourers on plantations often face gruelling hours, low pay, and no job security.
My name is Marjan.
It stopped snowing.
You should have done it yesterday.
My name is Dilshad.
You were supposed to have done it yesterday.
She watched TV yesterday.
She was watching television yesterday.
The mystery is still unresolved.
My native language is Kurdish.
I am Kurdish.
I'm Kurdish.
I love Jesus.
I like going to church.
I am a Christian but I love everyone.
The truth is bitter.
A lie is sweet in the beginning and bitter in the end, truth is bitter in the beginning and sweet in the end.
The brain continuously wants to learn, which is why we are curious about other people's affairs.
Truth is bitter; lies are sweet.
Here's my humble contribution.
I like listening to ambient music at night.
The pro-Kurdish movement in Turkey is less Islamophobic and pro-Zionist than its counterpart in Algeria.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was a Russian composer of the Romantic period.
Tchaikovsky's mother died from cholera when he was fourteen.
Tchaikovsky's separation from his mother at a young age caused him an emotional trauma.
You've been drinking again.
Tom was excommunicated from the cult.
It's nice to hear your voice again.
It's nice to hear your voice, too.
"It's nice to hear your voice." "It's nice to hear yours, too."
Mary heard the phone ringing and ran to get it.
I really care about you.
Tom said Mary shouldn't be there.
Tom said that Mary shouldn't be there.
I should've left Tom a message.
Sorry, I'm busy right now.
How many high schools are there in Boston?
Could I get your anything to drink?
Does this hat fit you?
I'm the only one that is allowed to do this.
My father told me to wash the car.
I come here at least three times a week.
Will you see Tom tomorrow?
Australia was fantastic.
Luckily, all the passengers were wearing seat belts.
There are more than three thousand people here.
There were more than three thousand people there.
I bought myself a French textbook.
I saw several rabbits on the way home.
I tried to keep my balance.
I have no idea who Tom is with right now.
I saw several rabbits on my way home.
I knew something like this might happen.
I knew that something like this might happen.
Tom heard the phone ringing and ran to get it.
You've been drinking again, haven't you?
The mystery is still unsolved.
You should've done it yesterday.
We feel the same way you do.
I suppose that you've been told that before.
We don't have to live this way.
Why don't you stay?
I'm still lonely.
I don't have to live this way.
Her telephone rang.
His telephone rang.
He heard her voice.
What's wrong this time?
I promise you this.
I should've dealt with that myself.
Tom got up suddenly.
I had no trouble seeing what was happening.
I've never been drunk.
I've never been this drunk before.
My dog is deaf.
Tom's dog is blind.
Learning a foreign language can be fun.
Where can I buy some food?
I don't even know whether Tom is still alive.
Can you speak either French or English?
Can you speak both French and English?
Do you know how to speak either French or English?
Do you know how to speak both French and English?
Tom has to go to Boston before going to Chicago.
We should definitely do that.
All this is true.
I'd prefer to not talk about that here.
I had trouble hearing what Tom was saying.
How much did it cost to get your car fixed?
Have any of you been to Boston?
Where can I buy something to drink?
Tom asked me why he was required to do that.
He's a stupid boy.
Tom is idealistic.
I'm going to take care of that myself.
Do you study French there?
Could you please ask Tom to wait for us?
What did I forget to do?
I've lived here for three months.
Tom has a very busy work schedule.
I know what you're up against.
Do you own a house in Boston?
Where will you be sitting?
Tom's guess was right.
I'm almost done doing what I have to do.
I'm almost done doing what I need to do.
You need not do it right away.
You must not shout at Tom.
You're everything to me.
You're liable for the debt.
You don't have to run fast.
All you have to do is study.
You're kind to say so.
You're now among the elite.
My name is Omid.
You're to do it at once.
You must go to bed.
You're apt to be forgetful.
You're to do as I tell you.
You're way off track.
I didn't know what you would do.
I knew that it was wrong.
I didn't know I had hurt anyone.
Why isn't Tom here yet?
I'm glad to be back home.
Tom is an experienced pilot.
Could I have another cup of coffee?
Tom is a good poet.
I've lost about three hundred dollars.
Tom has to go to Australia first.
That's changing.
I've never been drunk in my life.
I have no idea what Tom was doing last night.
I oppose this war.
I've lived in Boston for three months.
I'm looking for a good French textbook.
Tom got a book from the top shelf.
What did I forget to buy?
I haven't seen Tom in over three years.
Mary persuaded me into doing it.
May I work here?
There are a lot of rivers in India.
There are never any war criminals on the winning side.
In Russia there is a category of people who believe that the world is ruled by reptilians.
Mary is preparing herself.
Have you bought the book?
My mother hates summer heat.
When do you have breakfast?
She helped her father with work in the garden.
The price suits me.
Google translator can speak Russian with a Turkish accent.
A Christian who has committed a deliberate sin cannot hope for the atonement of his sins by the sacrifice of Christ.
You are calling me for the second time today.
Being a trucker is not an easy job.
I didn't use to care about my online privacy but lately an identity thief impersonated me and emptied my bank account.
Facebook knows your innermost secrets whether you like it or not.
Finnish singer "Stina" held Kabyle concert in Algiers.
I'd recommend reading this report carefully.
I'd recommend reading this report very carefully.
Tom has to go to Boston first.
I won't do it even if you beg me to.
I have no idea what Tom did last night.
I was late because I got caught in a traffic jam.
Have they told you how late the train will be?
Uli Rohde, a beautiful German woman, was singing a Kabyle love song in Kabylia.
Songs from my country make me homesick.
If God exists, why does this chaos rule the world?
Only fools and dead men don't change their minds.
Only fools never change their minds.
Only a fool never changes his mind.
I have a secret, but if I were to tell you, it would be lost.
I hope the fog will lift soon.
I hope that the fog will lift soon.
I felt I was being spied on.
I'd like to have this camera.
I'd like to make a call to Australia.
I want to send a package to Australia.
I'd like to send a package to Australia.
I believe people are basically good.
I want to try horseback riding.
I gave up smoking three months ago.
I stopped smoking three months ago.
I'll come back to Australia tomorrow.
Where's the shitter?
If you want to keep Russian spooks guessing, don't use WhatsApp.
I had no money to buy a ticket.
I didn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't have the money to buy a ticket.
I wish that I had enough money to buy a ticket.
I wish I had enough money to buy a ticket.
I didn't have enough money on me to buy a ticket.
I share a bedroom with my brother.
I missed my bus, so I had to walk here.
I sold the best guitar I had.
I sold the best guitar that I had.
I don't live on Park Street now, but I used to.
I refused it for personal reasons.
I refused to do that for personal reasons.
I turned down the offer for personal reasons.
I do my homework as soon as I get home.
I refuse to discuss that question.
I've read that book many times.
I've read this book several times.
I've read this book many times.
I found that book very difficult.
I found that book very boring.
I think this work is tiring.
I think this work is boring.
I think that this work is boring.
I think that this job is boring.
I think this job is boring.
I think that this class is boring.
I think this class is boring.
I stayed with a Canadian family.
I think that you resemble your mother.
I had a bite at around three o'clock.
Tchaikovsky composed a waltz in his mother's memory.
The Russian Musical Society was founded by the Grand Duchess Elena Pavlovna in 1859.
Tchaikovsky enrolled at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory.
You look exactly like your mother.
Tom is coming here later.
Tom will be coming here later.
Tom is in the classroom.
I'll meet you in front of the theater.
I'll meet you back here later.
I remember the first time that I met you.
I remember the first time I met you.
I'll meet you back here in an hour.
Tom went to school by taxi yesterday.
Tom was the only person in the room.
Tom was the only person in the park.
Tom was sleeping in the back of the classroom.
Tom and Mary repainted their house three months ago.
Tom and Mary had their house repainted three months ago.
Tom and Mary go to school every day.
Please return these books to the library.
Tom liked going to school.
Tom likes going to school.
Tom enjoys going to school.
Tom never really liked going to school.
Our plan got vetoed.
Tom died shortly after that.
Tom died shortly after.
Tom gave three reasons why he did it that way.
I didn't want to do anything to upset Tom.
We have a secret weapon.
Tom Jackson is the director.
Tom got so angry.
No one challenged us.
Nobody challenged us.
No one talks about us anymore.
Nobdy talks about us anymore.
Tom was scared to talk.
Tom was one of those present.
Tom was one of the guys in the pool.
Tom was just one of the people that I talked to.
Tom was just one of the people I talked to.
Please email me a copy.
Please email a copy to me.
Please send me a copy.
Please send a copy to me.
Tom has already spoken to me about this.
Those claims are absurd.
Tom and Mary were traumatized.
Several fishermen were arrested.
Tom has killed himself.
This isn't our fault.
Tom liked the story.
We have proof that that happened.
We don't have proof that that happened.
We don't have proof that happened.
We have proof that happened.
Tom is the comedian.
We can't fight alone.
We have to go outside.
We need to go outside.
I never received one.
I never received one of those.
I wasn't given one of those.
What would Tom do now?
What's your next step?
What's do you think that you'll do next?
What's do you think you'll do next?
Tom's assistant did that for him.
I'm not refuting that.
It's a difficult exam.
Tom spoke last.
Tom was the last one to speak.
We don't do it that way anymore.
Was what Tom said true?
Tom couldn't be revived.
We weren't able to revive Tom.
What does AA stand for?
What really took place?
All that doesn't matter.
All that doesn't matter anymore.
That sounds very confusing.
I'm extremely busy now.
I'm pretty busy now.
I'm fairly busy now.
I don't have an opinion on that.
We've decided to retaliate.
This problem has to be dealt with.
This problem needs to be dealt with.
We should deal with this problem today.
We ought to deal with this problem today.
This isn't an easy job.
No one has been charged.
Nobody has been charged.
Tom, too, is from Boston.
The truth needs to come out.
The truth must come out.
That's a boldfaced lie.
This is a good trend.
This is a healthy trend.
This is a bad trend.
That's yet another lie.
Wages are extremely low now.
Wages were extremely low back then.
We've lost everything.
We have other plans, too.
Tom left his phone in my car.
Tom used to play tennis almost every day.
Tom wants to see you this afternoon.
What do you have planned for today?
What are you planning to do today?
We don't have anything planned for today.
I have nothing that I plan to do today.
I have nothing I plan to do today.
Tom didn't broach the subject.
Tom wanted to go to the zoo with Mary.
Tom used to go to this school.
We usually walk to school together.
Tom, Mary and I usually walk to school together.
Tom lives near his office.
Tom lives near the school that he goes to.
Tom lives near the school he goes to.
Boston is an interesting city.
Why is everything always so complicated?
I was late because of traffic.
I was late because I had a flat tire.
You shouldn't trust either of them.
You shouldn't trust Tom or Mary.
How come no one did anything?
I don't think that Google Translator doesn't want to support the Kadazandusun language.
Where's the crapper?
People of God have no nationality and territorial affiliation.
The apostle Paul said that "Jew" is not a nationality, but a state of mind.
Who is this friend?
When injustice becomes law, resistance becomes duty.
Rostov and Rostov-on-Don are two different cities located quite far from each other.
We turned on the TV.
I don't usually do it like this.
He always looks happy.
How many cars has Alex got?
It is pity that you have to go.
My brother isn't here today.
My brother is not here today.
My brother is here today.
Your brother isn't here today.
Your brother is not here today.
Our brother isn't here today.
Our brother is not here today.
Her brother isn't here today.
Her brother is not here today.
His brother isn't here today.
His brother is not here today.
Don't mess with me again, or you'll pick up your teeth with broken fingers.
If I get my hands on Tom, I'll kick his punk ass.
My book is not here.
Is your father here?
