Tom didn't know Mary didn't have enough money to pay all her bills.
Tom will be the next one to do that.
Those statistics aren't available.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary to do that. She'd have done it anyway.
Tom will be the last one to do that.
This river dries up in the summer.
Tom and Mary were engaged for three months before they got married.
Tom will be outside waiting for you.
This project is only 30% complete.
Tom and Mary don't play ping-pong together as much as they used to.
Tom will be happy he didn't do that.
This place looks like a graveyard.
Tom and Mary are still not doing what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
This must be some kind of mistake.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he was supposed to do.
Tom will be excused from doing that.
This morning's meeting was boring.
Tom and Mary met three years ago when they were students in Boston.
Tom went to the park to play tennis.
This isn't a very comfortable bed.
I've never told Tom that Mary and I used to go out with each other.
Tom went to Boston with his parents.
This is an exception to this rule.
I think Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom went straight home after school.
This is a non-profit organization.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
This is a mainly residential area.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary hated each other until John told me.
Tom was the first person to do that.
This has been happening for years.
Didn't you know that Tom would be upset if he saw you kissing Mary?
Tom was the first person here today.
These shoes don't match this suit.
Tom, Mary, John and I played beach volleyball yesterday afternoon.
Tom was the first one to be injured.
These lenses aren't scratch-proof.
Tom thought that Mary probably didn't know that John spoke French.
Tom was sure he could do that again.
There are many people who do that.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom was one of those who were fired.
The pencil rolled under the couch.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom was my neighbor three years ago.
The past three days have been hot.
Tom should've gone to Boston last week with Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom was my neighbor for three years.
The last three days have been hot.
Tom should've asked Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom should probably tell Mary what time he's planning to get home.
Tom was difficult to get along with.
Thanks for what you did yesterday.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom was amused by what was going on.
Some people here can speak French.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom was also present at the meeting.
Shouldn't I be the one doing that?
Tom should probably not tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom wants to know why that happened.
Please do that as soon as you can.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he didn't need to do that.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for him.
Perhaps you don't need to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he didn't have to do that.
Tom wanted me to do that, didn't he?
People around here seldom do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't go to Boston unless he goes with her.
Tom used to work at the post office.
Only adults are permitted do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't do that unless he does that with her.
Tom used to live in my neighborhood.
Nobody said that it would be easy.
Tom says he heard that Mary needed to find somewhere else to live.
Tom used to be my saxophone teacher.
My truck is still parked out back.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom used to be able to swim laps.
My parents need to know the truth.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom tried to show me how to do that.
My house was damaged by the flood.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't like doing that.
Tom tried to kill himself last week.
My first child was born last year.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom tried out for the baseball team.
My daughter plays the violin well.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
My approach is somewhat different.
Tom said he thought Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom told me you knew how to do that.
My French has gotten a lot better.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom told me why he couldn't do that.
Monday will probably be a hot day.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom told me that he'll be back soon.
Monday will likely be a windy day.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom told me that he'd be supportive.
Monday will likely be a rainy day.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom told me that he was embarrassed.
Men and women do that differently.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom told me he was going to do that.
Maybe it would be best to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom thought you'd already done that.
Mary isn't wearing lipstick today.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom thought he'd be able to do that.
Mary is the smartest woman I know.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be the one who needs to do that.
Tom thought he could do that for me.
Mary is the shortest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Tom teaches French five days a week.
Mary is the quietest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom swore that he'd never done that.
Mary is a daughter of a carpenter.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom swears he won't do that anymore.
Mary got her belly button pierced.
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom sure does that well, doesn't he?
Many people have been complaining.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom stuck his pencil behind his ear.
Make sure you don't do that again.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that this evening.
Tom still works several days a week.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom still like to do that sometimes.
It's very nice of you to say that.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom still just wants to stay in bed.
It's painful to do that, isn't it?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John don't like each other.
Tom still isn't very good at skiing.
It's not safe to drink that water.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at swimming or not.
Tom still isn't very good at French.
It's necessary for you to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom still hasn't washed his clothes.
It's hot and humid here in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who has to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me what to do.
It's going to be tough to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has to do that again tomorrow.
Tom still hasn't found his passport.
It'll probably be safe to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will need to do that.
Tom still does that whenever he can.
It'll probably be easy to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will have to do that.
Tom still does that once in a while.
It would've been wrong to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom stayed longer than he should've.
It would've been tough to do that.
Tom needs to make sure that Mary knows what she is supposed to do.
Tom spent three months in Australia.
It would've been smart to do that.
Tom knows it's a matter of time before Mary finds out what he did.
Tom spent the whole day watching TV.
It would've been silly to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom spent last Monday night in jail.
It would've been cheap to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what he had to do.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV.
It would be wise to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom spends a lot of money traveling.
It would be very silly to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he needed to do that.
Tom speaks three languages fluently.
It would be very scary to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was going to meet Alice.
Tom sounded very tired on the phone.
It would be very cruel to do that.
Tom and his girlfriend often hang out with Mary and her boyfriend.
Tom sometimes gets home around 2:30.
It would be stupid not to do that.
It was naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
Tom sold all his property in Boston.
It would be ridiculous to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom slept through the entire ordeal.
It would be nice to see you again.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom shouldn't have to do that again.
It would be impossible to do that.
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't have reacted that way.
It would be good to see you again.
You knew that Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't be the one doing that.
It would be easy to do that again.
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't be allowed to compete.
It would be depressing to do that.
Tom would've gotten away with it if Mary hadn't seen you do that.
Tom should've gotten here yesterday.
It took me three hours to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom should've done that last summer.
It should've been easy to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to find a higher-paying job.
Tom should've chosen something else.
It looks as if it'll quit raining.
Tom was sitting in the middle of the front row at Mary's concert.
Tom should've been more cooperative.
It doesn't look like you're tired.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom should send a letter of apology.
It doesn't look like you're ready.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gone to Boston with Alice.
Tom should be in Boston next Monday.
It doesn't look like you're happy.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom should be even better next year.
It doesn't look like you're angry.
Tom thinks Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't really want to.
Tom seldom, if ever, goes to church.
Is there any other way to do that?
Tom thinks Mary needs to do that, but she doesn't really need to.
Tom seldom goes to places like that.
Is there an easier way to do that?
Tom should tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom seldom does that in the morning.
Is there a cheaper way to do that?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom seems to know what he should do.
If you don't hurry, we'll be late.
Tom seems to know what he has to do.
If it stops raining, I'll do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom seems to be feeling discouraged.
If it doesn't rain, we'll do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom seems amused by what's going on.
I've tried doing that three times.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom seemed to be willing to do that.
I've seen you do that several times.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
I've only been to Boston one time.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom scored three goals for our team.
I've just now finished doing that.
Tom said he wanted to go to the zoo with Mary on their next date.
Tom says we have to start somewhere.
I've filled out the questionnaire.
Tom said he thought Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom says there's no need to do that.
I've decided to do that every day.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom says the plan isn't good enough.
I've decided that I won't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom says that the noise bothers him.
I've been wanting to do that, too.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom says that isn't a major problem.
I've been forgiven for doing that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom says that he intends to do that.
I've been asked not do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom says he's too old to start over.
I've always dreamed of doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be difficult to get along with.
Tom says he's spoken with the manager.
I'm the only one who has to leave.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom says he's proud of his children.
I'm the only one who has a camera.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom says he's hoping he can do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that again.
Tom says he's done that three times.
I'm sure that's what I need to do.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom says he's been to Boston before.
I'm sure that's what I have to do.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom says he's been shot three times.
I'm sure that's not what happened.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom says he's been asked to do that.
I'm still not very good at skiing.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that this afternoon.
Tom says he's already learned a lot.
I'm still not very good at French.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom says he thinks we could do that.
I'm still not finished doing that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom says he thinks he won't do that.
I'm not working in Boston anymore.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at dancing or not.
Tom says he plans to stay in Boston.
I'm not sure who I should talk to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at cooking or not.
Tom says he misses his family a lot.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary intends to do that or not.
Tom says he hasn't joined any clubs.
I'm not happy about the situation.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary already knows how to do that.
Tom says he feels taken for granted.
I'm not good at remembering names.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom says he doesn't wish to do that.
I'm not going to help you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that.
I'm not afraid of spiders anymore.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that.
I'm going to try to do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't want to.
Tom says he can do that blindfolded.
I'm going to do that next weekend.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that without some help.
Tom says he believes he can do that.
I'm glad you were able to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom says he always does it this way.
I'm eager to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that without some help.
Tom sat there with his legs crossed.
I'm convinced that that'll happen.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom said you're a terrible roommate.
I'm both a singer and a guitarist.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said you should be more careful.
I'll tell you what you have to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary needed to do that.
Tom said there was still work to do.
I'll do whatever you ask me to do.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was going to ask to the prom.
Tom said the team remains confident.
I'll do that today if I have time.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of hotel John had stayed at.
Tom said the heat didn't bother him.
I'll buy what I need at that shop.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of the book John was reading.
Tom said the fire wasn't deliberate.
I'll be happy to buy that for you.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what to buy John for his birthday.
Tom said the earthquake woke him up.
I'd understand it if you were mad.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because Mary asked him to.
Tom said the concert was quite good.
I'd like to go to Boston with you.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be interested in doing that.
Tom said the cold didn't bother him.
I'd be happy to help you if I can.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said the children all get along.
I wouldn't mind doing that at all.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom said that's definitely not true.
I would never consider doing that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
Tom said that'll likely happen soon.
I wonder whether I should do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with me.
Tom said that we need to be careful.
I won't visit Boston on this trip.
Didn't you know Tom's salary is more than double what Mary makes?
Tom said that we have to be careful.
I won't have to do that by myself.
Didn't you know Tom used to work at the same place Mary does now?
Tom said that wasn't a major factor.
I won't be doing that from now on.
You knew that Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that the heat bothered him.
I won't be able to do that either.
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that probably won't happen.
I won't allow you guys to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason.
I wish you wouldn't do that again.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never do anything to hurt her.
Tom said that he was ready to leave.
I wish I hadn't gone to the party.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he was a little tired.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much pie.
Tom told Mary that he was the one responsible for what happened.
Tom said that he really did do that.
I wish I hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he intends to do that.
I wasn't sure I needed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was interested in doing that.
Tom said that I should quit smoking.
I wasn't strong enough to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom said that I should do that soon.
I wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants her to help John do that.
Tom said that I had to speak French.
I was told not to do that anymore.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should invite to the party.
Tom said it's not going to end well.
I was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever seen Mary doing that.
Tom said it's a very common problem.
I was just getting ready to leave.
Tom said that the doctor told him Mary wasn't likely to recover.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen.
I was born the same day as my dog.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who felt like doing that.
Tom said it wasn't him who did that.
I was afraid to do that by myself.
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
Tom said it was time for reflection.
I wanted to go to business school.
Tom said he wished he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said his team will probably win.
I wanted to go to Boston with you.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom said his son wasn't a terrorist.
I want to speak to you right away.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary needed to do that or not.
Tom said his son was a good athlete.
I want to see you ride a unicycle.
Tom said he thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said his parents have done that.
I want to see what's in that room.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said his new car cost him a lot.
I want to learn to sing in French.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he's willing to be patient.
I want to learn some French songs.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he's trying to lose weight.
I want to know where you did that.
Tom said he thought Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said he's proud of his children.
I want to know when you're coming.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said he's never eaten Thai food.
I want to know how much I owe you.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said he's glad you weren't hurt.
I want to keep things as they are.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said he's glad he could do that.
I want to get my driver's license.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said he's done that three times.
I want to do everything by myself.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary's reasons for doing that were.
Tom said he's determined to do that.
I want to come to Boston with you.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be the one who has to do that.
Tom said he's cautiously optimistic.
I want to come back here tomorrow.
Tom said Mary was likely to be present at the meeting on Monday.
Tom said he's been told not do that.
I want to ask you a few questions.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he's been to Boston before.
I usually do that during my break.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he's been asked to do that.
I used to go to a lot of concerts.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he'll take what he can get.
I used to be a pretty good dancer.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd very unlikely do that.
I tried to see if I could do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd still like to do that.
I tried to keep my voice was calm.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd never want to do that.
I thought you knew how to do that.
Tom said Mary needed at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he'd be tempted to do that.
I thought you did that quite well.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he writes his own speeches.
I thought I wouldn't be gone long.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he won't forget that night.
I thought I must be seeing things.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that this evening.
Tom said he wished he could do that.
I thought I might need to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he wasn't going to help us.
I thought I might have to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he was too weak to do that.
I think you're a relative of mine.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to help her.
Tom said he was too lazy to do that.
I think we'll be able to help you.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at French or not.
Tom said he was too busy to do that.
I think we should reconsider that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said he was tired of doing that.
I think it'll possible to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was hoping we'd do that.
I think doing that will be tiring.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was grateful to be here.
I think doing that is a good idea.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John wants her to do.
Tom said he wants to sell his house.
I think I'm a pretty good drummer.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John tells her to do.
Tom said he wants to clear his name.
I think I'd like to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has to do everything John wants her to do.
Tom said he wanted to join our band.
I think I'd be nervous doing that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John tells her to do.
Tom said he wanted to go to the zoo.
I think I was supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be ready to do that until next year.
Tom said he wanted to do that again.
I think I could do the same thing.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom said he wanted a second opinion.
I still haven't weeded the garden.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he understands our concern.
I still haven't washed my clothes.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom said he thought I looked lonely.
I still haven't paid all my bills.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom said he thought I looked hungry.
I still haven't found my passport.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he prefers to stay at home.
I shouldn't have reacted that way.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he never wanted to do that.
I shouldn't have been there today.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she had to do that.
Tom said he needs to get more sleep.
I should've put on more sunscreen.
Tom didn't know what to do with all the junk Mary had given him.
Tom said he loves that kind of work.
I should've locked all my windows.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Tom said he likes this time of year.
I should've let you do that first.
Tom and Mary decided they'd go on a picnic in spite of the rain.
Tom said he likes the sound of that.
I should've hired a better lawyer.
I'm sure Tom will be glad when he hears Mary is coming to visit.
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.
I should've driven more carefully.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone to college.
Tom said he isn't likely to do that.
I should've done that last summer.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom said he heard three shots fired.
I should've closed all my windows.
You know that Tom can't do that as well as Mary can, don't you?
Tom said he heard a lot of gunshots.
I should've chosen something else.
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he had no plans to do that.
I should've apologized right away.
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he had a few things to say.
I should be the one who does that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he figured I could do that.
I should be in Boston next Monday.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he needs her to help John.
Tom said he felt tempted to do that.
I really should've gone to Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom said he felt good about his win.
I realize I don't have to do that.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that.
I quietly slipped out of the room.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful in the future.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that.
I put on my coat and went outside.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was the last one to do that.
Tom said he doesn't know what to do.
I promise I won't do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been tempted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't do that anymore.
I probably wouldn't do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought John finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he didn't want to worry me.
I plan to go to Boston next month.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom said he didn't want to watch TV.
I often go there in the afternoon.
Tom thinks Mary has to do that, but she doesn't really have to.
Tom said he didn't want me to worry.
I never expected to do that again.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't have to do that today.
Tom said he didn't know where to go.
I need to buy a new pair of shoes.
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he knows how to do that.
Tom said he didn't feel like a hero.
I must do that before I go to bed.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom said he didn't enjoy doing that.
I might visit Boston next October.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said he didn't eat meat anymore.
I love the way you make spaghetti.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said essentially the same thing.
I looked at the clock on the wall.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't want to go swimming with us.
Tom said doing that wasn't much fun.
I know you didn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that for a long time.
Tom said doing that was frustrating.
I know exactly what I ought to do.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he had to do that by himself.
Tom said doing that isn't an option.
I know exactly what I need to buy.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said all that didn't bother him.
I know exactly what I have to buy.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said a woman answered the phone.
I know everyone is waiting for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said I shouldn't have done that.
I know I'm not likely to be fired.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said I should get more exercise.
I know I shouldn't have said that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said I needed to get more sleep.
I know I should've gone to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said I looked like I was asleep.
I know I should be doing that now.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom retired from basketball in 2013.
I knew what you were going to say.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom refuses to work the night shift.
I knew I didn't have enough money.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom refused to work the night shift.
I kept on making the same mistake.
Tom said Mary would be able to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Tom recommended that we not do that.
I keep on making the same mistake.
Tom said Mary was likely to be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom received a thirty-year sentence.
I just moved to Boston last month.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Tom really pays attention to people.
I just did that a few seconds ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Tom really likes Chinese food a lot.
I just did that a few minutes ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom really enjoys playing the drums.
I intend to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that in October.
Tom really encouraged me to do that.
I hope to be back by October 20th.
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Tom really doesn't have much choice.
I help my mother with the cooking.
Tom said Mary knew he might need to do that several more times.
Tom rarely goes to places like that.
I heard that you couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that several more times.
Tom put out the fire with a blanket.
I haven't taken a bath for a week.
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom put his cup down on the counter.
I haven't regretted that decision.
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that until Monday.
Tom promised to come, but he didn't.
I haven't done that since October.
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom promised not to do that anymore.
I have to speak French for my job.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she should do that.
Tom promised he'll do that tomorrow.
I have some experience doing that.
Tom probably knew before we did that Mary was going to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that today.
I have no objection to doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that again.
I hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't come to school today.
Tom probably won't be here tomorrow.
I had no idea I was being lied to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom probably won't agree to do that.
I had a feeling you might do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary needs to do that or not.
Tom probably was correct about that.
I feel that I've done that before.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at chess or not.
Tom probably hasn't gotten home yet.
I doubt there's a market for that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can speak French or not.
Tom probably doesn't know the rules.
I don't yet know what I should do.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom probably didn't want to do that.
I don't work as much as I used to.
Tom noticed that Mary's car was parked in front of the library.
Tom probably didn't study yesterday.
I don't want you to do what I did.
Tom knows he'll never be able to play the harp as well as Mary.
Tom probably couldn't do that alone.
I don't want you to do that today.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary with her homework right now.
Tom postponed his trip to Australia.
I don't want you to do that alone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John asks her to do.
Tom plays violin exceptionally well.
I don't want you to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John wants her to do.
Tom plans to go to Boston next year.
I don't want to work in a factory.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John tells her to do.
Tom passed away yesterday afternoon.
I don't want to talk about sports.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John thinks she should do.
Tom painted until his death in 2013.
I don't want to stay home all day.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John asks her to do.
Tom owes his success to his parents.
I don't want to play golf anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that.
Tom only does what he's asked to do.
I don't want to hang out with you.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom often helps me with my homework.
I don't want to get married again.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he had to do that.
Tom often falls asleep during class.
I don't want to do that on my own.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom often complains about the noise.
I don't want to do that every day.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French almost like a native speaker.
Tom often complained about the cold.
I don't want to do anything today.
Tom and Mary don't play music together as much as they used to.
Tom never said he wanted to do that.
I don't want to be like my father.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom never really enjoyed doing that.
I don't want to be doing that now.
I wish that Tom hadn't overheard Mary and me talking about him.
I don't want to attract attention.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who stole Mary's purse.
Tom never expected to do that again.
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom never complained about the heat.
I don't want that to happen again.
You knew Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom never complained about the cold.
I don't want anyone to talk to me.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he won't be at her party.
Tom needs to find someplace to live.
I don't think you have to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom must've wanted to leave earlier.
I don't think that'll ever happen.
Tom wants Mary to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom must've been tempted to do that.
I don't think that we can do that.
Tom wanted Mary to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Tom must've been fascinated by that.
I don't think I'm going to resign.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom must've been awake at that time.
I don't think I'll get in trouble.
Tom thought Mary would be amused when she heard what John did.
Tom moved here less than a year ago.
I don't think I needed to do that.
Tom thinks that if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom might study French this evening.
I don't think I can do that today.
Tom thinks Mary can probably convince John to stop doing that.
Tom might get fired if he does that.
I don't think I can be happy here.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom may do that wherever he chooses.
I don't take vacations very often.
Tom should've asked Mary where she wanted him to park the car.
Tom may do that anywhere he chooses.
I don't swim as well as I used to.
Tom should probably tell Mary why she shouldn't be doing that.
Tom may come with us if he wants to.
I don't remember who told me that.
Tom should probably tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom managed to escape from his cell.
I don't remember where I did that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she wanted to do that.
Tom made up his mind to be a doctor.
I don't remember my doctor's name.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she needed to do that.
Tom made up his mind not to do that.
I don't remember having said that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she has to do that before Monday.
Tom made me wait for thirty minutes.
I don't remember having done that.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom made a lot of spelling mistakes.
I don't really feel like swimming.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that on her own.
Tom lost his wife in a car accident.
I don't really feel like studying.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that by herself.
Tom looked at me as if I were crazy.
I don't play golf so much anymore.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually want to do that.
Tom lives with his father in Boston.
I don't need to worry about money.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
Tom lives with his family in Boston.
I don't need to go back to Boston.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be interesting.
Tom lives in Boston with his mother.
I don't need to do that right now.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
Tom lives in Boston with his family.
I don't need to do that every day.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom lived in Boston until last year.
I don't need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom likes taking care of the garden.
I don't mind if you don't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom likes barbecuing for his family.
I don't live in this neighborhood.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom let me know that he had arrived.
I don't like you very much either.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
I don't like to read on the train.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom lent us money when we needed it.
I don't like the way you did that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom left for Boston three hours ago.
I don't like talking to strangers.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom left for Australia this morning.
I don't like talking about sports.
Tom said he and Mary left early because Mary was feeling sick.
Tom leaves for Australia next month.
I don't like driving on icy roads.
Tom said Mary would need at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom knows why he's getting a chance.
I don't leave my house after dark.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be interested in doing that.
Tom knows what he's doing out there.
I don't know why I should do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be retired by this time next year.
Tom knows this is a tough situation.
I don't know why I had to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be faster at doing that than John.
Tom knows that I've never done that.
I don't know who those people are.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Tom knows that I did that yesterday.
I don't know where my umbrella is.
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that today.
Tom knows he's got to do that today.
I don't know what'll happen to me.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that by himself.
Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't know what the solution is.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom knows he's going to be arrested.
I don't know what I should do yet.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom knows he shouldn't do that here.
I don't know much about gardening.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that this evening.
Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't know how to tie a bowline.
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that this evening.
Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't know how deep the pool is.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Tom knows I was supposed to do that.
I don't know how I should do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom knew he was supposed to do that.
I don't know anything about opera.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that until October.
Tom killed himself three nights ago.
I don't have very much experience.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom just does what he's asked to do.
I don't have to worry about money.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom just did that a few minutes ago.
I don't have to help anyone today.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom jumped his horse over the fence.
I don't have to go back to Boston.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John wants to do that or not.
Tom isn't the only one who's sleepy.
I don't have to go anywhere today.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John needs to do that or not.
Tom isn't the one I'm worried about.
I don't have to finish this today.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't so old that he can't work.
I don't have to do this every day.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want me to do that.
Tom isn't much fun to hang out with.
I don't have to do that right now.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be thirsty.
I don't have to do that every day.
Tom laughed so loud that Mary could hear him from the kitchen.
Tom isn't likely to be pleased.
I don't have to do that by myself.
Tom knew it probably wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom isn't likely to be outside.
I don't have the skill to do that.
Tom knew he wouldn't be able to do what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom isn't likely to be on time.
I don't have the means to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John asks her to do.
Tom isn't likely to be nervous.
I don't have a fever this morning.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom isn't likely to be jealous.
I don't have a case for my guitar.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has to do what John is asking her to do.
Tom isn't going to camp this summer.
I don't give Mary flowers anymore.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John has asked her to do.
Tom isn't as young as he says he is.
I don't get up as early as you do.
Tom has been trying to convince Mary to start studying French.
Tom isn't as busy as the rest of us.
I don't get paid a lot to do that.
Tom has been hoping he can go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom isn't anything like his brother.
I don't feel motivated to do that.
Tom has already told Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom isn't allowed to do that either.
I don't ever want to leave Boston.
Tom has already told Mary she needs be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom isn't afraid to do that anymore.
I don't do that as well as you do.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in learning how to drive.
Tom isn't afraid of people like you.
I don't come to Boston very often.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't a teacher. He's a student.
I don't care whether we go or not.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
I don't care that my car is dirty.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where Mary had gone.
Tom is visiting his uncle in Boston.
I don't care one way or the other.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary had to do that.
Tom is very generous with his money.
I do that every day for my health.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who persuaded him to do that.
Tom is very active in his community.
I didn't want to take that chance.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who convinced him to do that.
Tom is trying not to get in trouble.
I didn't want to take any chances.
Tom couldn't do that by himself, so he asked Mary to help him.
Tom is too old to run for president.
I didn't want to go anywhere else.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was supposed to be there.
Tom is too exhausted to do that now.
I didn't want to get into trouble.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the grass, talking to each other.
Tom is too delirious to do that now.
I didn't want to do that that way.
Tom and Mary must've been tired when they got home last night.
Tom is thinking about what happened.
I didn't want anyone else to know.
Tom and I stayed behind to help Mary clean up after her party.
Tom is the son of a race car driver.
I didn't think you were in Boston.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what needed to be done.
Tom is the owner of this restaurant.
I didn't think you should do that.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom is the only person who did that.
I didn't think I would be nervous.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom is the one who's lagging behind.
I didn't think I would be jealous.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't like Mary.
Tom is the one who knows what to do.
I didn't tell you the whole truth.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't know Mary.
Tom is the one who knows the answer.
I didn't take my umbrella with me.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom is the oldest of three children.
I didn't take an umbrella with me.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom is the nicest kid I've ever met.
I didn't stay in Boston very long.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
Tom is the most qualified candidate.
I didn't say where I wanted to go.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom is the grandson of a coal miner.
I didn't say I'd do that, did you?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other?
Tom is the best player on this team.
I didn't realize what I had to do.
Did you know Tom used to work at the same place Mary does now?
Tom is the best chess player I know.
I didn't realize I should do that.
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom is the best banjo player I know.
I didn't realize I had to do that.
You didn't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that, did you?
Tom is the author of numerous books.
I didn't live in Boston last year.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing black at John's funeral.
Tom is sure to be cut from the team.
I didn't know you used to do that.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is studying to become a teacher.
I didn't know which one to choose.
Tom wanted to stay longer, but Mary said they had to go home.
Tom is struggling to make ends meet.
I didn't know what was in the box.
Tom is still working as a bartender.
I didn't know what was being said.
Tom told me that he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom is still unpacking his suitcase.
I didn't know what should be done.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful from now on.
Tom is still considering doing that.
I didn't know what I needed to do.
Tom told Mary that he was quicker at doing that than she was.
Tom is recovering from neck surgery.
I didn't know that you'd be there.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was determined to do that.
Tom is probably not having much fun.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was engaged to Alice.
Tom is pretty good at fixing things.
I didn't know I needed to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to quit his job and find another one.
Tom is only trying to get attention.
I didn't know I needed more money.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom is only doing what he has to do.
I didn't intend to break the vase.
Tom should've been home at the time he told Mary he would be.
Tom is one person I'll never forget.
I didn't hear everything you said.
Tom should tell Mary that she should make herself a sandwich.
Tom is on his way back to Australia.
I didn't have to worry about that.
Tom should probably tell Mary why he doesn't want to do that.
Tom is old enough to know the truth.
I didn't have to work last Monday.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is more famous than his brother.
I didn't have to pay for anything.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he needed to do that.
Tom is married and has an adult son.
I didn't have to go to work today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she doesn't need to do that.
Tom is majoring in computer science.
I didn't have the guts to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she doesn't have to do that.
Tom is lucky he has so many friends.
I didn't have everything I needed.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should ask to the party.
Tom is lucky he didn't get punished.
I didn't have anything else to do.
Tom says he forgot to remind Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom is lucky he didn't get arrested.
I didn't have anyone to play with.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom is looking for a second opinion.
I didn't have any other questions.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom is likely to still be skeptical.
I didn't have any help doing that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that next week.
Tom is likely to still be in Boston.
I didn't go to work all last week.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom is likely to still be depressed.
I didn't go to church last Sunday.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever seen Mary do that.
Tom is likely to make some mistakes.
I didn't get a chance to even try.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom is likely to forget his promise.
I didn't find everything I needed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I didn't enjoy the play very much.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think you can do that by yourself.
Tom is like a kid himself sometimes.
I didn't do what I should've done.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think John can do that by himself.
Tom is intelligent and good-looking.
I didn't do any work at all today.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be possible.
Tom is in his first year at college.
I didn't come to school on Monday.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he was supposed to do that.
Tom is in a hurry because he's late.
I didn't come to school last week.
Tom said he'll ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom is here to promote his new book.
I didn't come into work yesterday.
Tom said he wasn't planning to go to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom is going to Australia next week.
I didn't buy what I wanted to buy.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary had to do that or not.
Tom is going out to buy some things.
I didn't buy what I needed to buy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom is getting to be such a big boy.
I didn't answer all the questions.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom is getting better at doing that.
I didn't agree with that decision.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom is expected to do that tomorrow.
I didn't actually want to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom is doing very well in Australia.
I didn't actually need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom is doing that outside right now.
I didn't actually have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom is doing that because he has to.
I did that the way you told me to.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom is determined to do that for us.
I did that for as long as I could.
Tom said he knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom is currently working at Harvard.
I definitely want to do that soon.
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom is currently based in Australia.
I couldn't go to Boston last year.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom is concealing something from us.
I could probably help you do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom is captain of the football team.
I could get injured if I did that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom is by far the smartest one here.
I caught the ball with both hands.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom is busy cleaning out the garage.
I can't do that without some help.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom is better than I was in college.
I can't come to Boston this month.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom is being treated at a burn unit.
I can't believe I really did that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom is as good a cook as his mother.
I can't afford to visit Australia.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted.
Tom is an outstanding first baseman.
I can do that with my eyes closed.
Tom said Mary was likely to be very hungry when she got home.
Tom is an idiot and always has been.
I can do that better than you can.
Tom said Mary was likely to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is an extremely intelligent man.
I can both speak and write French.
Tom said Mary told him she was looking forward to doing that.
Tom is an elementary school student.
I can already do that fairly well.
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that this morning.
Tom is an accountant at our company.
I came to Boston to look for work.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that this morning.
Tom is always the first to get here.
I bought Christmas presents today.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that today.
Tom is always the first to complain.
I bet it's pretty easy to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom is always late for appointments.
I believe you did the right thing.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that anymore.
Tom is always free in the afternoon.
I believe that'll happen sometime.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that anymore.
Tom is always asking dumb questions.
I almost didn't do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom is afraid to fly in an airplane.
How often do you use the Internet?
Tom said Mary knew she might need to do that with John today.
Tom is afraid that he might be late.
How often do you call your mother?
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that with John today.
Tom is afraid of getting sick again.
How often are you late for school?
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that three more times.
Tom is actually one of your cousins.
How many tickets do you have left?
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom is a writer who lives in Boston.
How many schools have you gone to?
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom is a very intelligent young man.
How many marshmallows did you buy?
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom is a very experienced announcer.
How many bars of soap did you buy?
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom is a really good friend of mine.
How long do you plan to live here?
Tom probably thought Mary was going to want to do that today.
Tom is a pretty good French teacher.
How long do you intend to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary has to do that or not.
Tom is a pretty good French speaker.
How long did you spend doing that?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is a junior high school student.
How did you know which one to buy?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom is a journalist based in Boston.
How did you know what I had to do?
Tom doesn't think that Mary would ever do that kind of thing.
Tom is a good person to have around.
How did you know I didn't do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary would try to do that without our help.
Tom is a good addition to our staff.
Have you ever been late for class?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is a freelance writer in Boston.
Have you decided to do that again?
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Boston with her.
Tom is a fairly good French speaker.
Gold is more precious than silver.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is intending to do that or not.
Tom is a doctor like his father was.
Everything seems to be working OK.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is a doctor and also a novelist.
Even if you don't do that, I will.
Tom didn't think Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom is a coward and always has been.
Don't you want to do that with me?
Tom didn't think Mary would be busy, so he went to visit her.
Tom is a Canadian basketball player.
Don't you try to blame this on me.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that in less than three hours.
Tom immediately began playing again.
Don't you feel safe in your house?
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom hurt his left foot when he fell.
Don't waste your time watching TV.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want him there.
Tom hopes to return by late October.
Don't forget to water the flowers.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what Mary was doing.
Tom hopes to live in Boston someday.
Don't forget to do that again, OK?
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom hid himself behind a large rock.
Don't forget to close the windows.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom helps whoever asks him for help.
Don't forget to add a little salt.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom helps me out by singing harmony.
Don't do that until I tell you to.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what Mary had done.
Tom hasn't told us what he might do.
Doing that wouldn't make me happy.
Tom didn't know why Mary wouldn't do what he asked her to do.
Tom hasn't said what he plans to do.
Doing that would probably be safe.
Tom didn't know whether Mary would be able to do that or not.
Tom hasn't responded to our request.
Doing that would be very romantic.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going for her summer vacation.
Tom hasn't been arrested or charged.
Doing that would be very reckless.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Tom has worked hard for his success.
Doing that would be really stupid.
Tom didn't know that Mary had intended to be there yesterday.
Tom has what seems like a good idea.
Doing that would be a big mistake.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who Mary chose to do that.
Tom has twice as much money as I do.
Doing that won't be very much fun.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom has told me not to do that here.
Doing that will be very dangerous.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom has told me he wants to do that.
Doing that probably won't be safe.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Boston with John.
Tom has told me he needs to do that.
Doing that must be boring for you.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom has told me I shouldn't do that.
Doing that is likely to be tiring.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what hotel John wanted to stay at.
Tom has to take care of some things.
Doing that is likely to be boring.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of John's favorite movie.
Tom has to find some way to do that.
Doing that is bad for your health.
Tom and Mary don't hang out together as much as they used to.
Tom has to be the one who does that.
Doing that cost me a lot of money.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what she needed to do.
Tom has to be in Boston next Monday.
Do you want us to do that for you?
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he needed to do.
Tom has three handsome teenage sons.
Do you usually sleep on airplanes?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom has things he still needs to do.
Do you usually do that on Mondays?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom has thee sons and two daughters.
Do you think you're a good driver?
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has said he won't do that again.
Do you still feel like doing that?
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday like he used to?
Tom has proposed three alternatives.
Do you still eat out every Monday?
Did you know that Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Tom has promised that he'll do that.
Do you still do that the same way?
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom has probably gotten home by now.
Do you still do that every Monday?
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom has plenty of friends in Boston.
Do you remember where we did that?
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom has only been on the job a week.
Do you remember when you did that?
Tom will probably tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom has never taken an acting class.
Do you own any property in Boston?
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't need to.
Tom has never eaten with chopsticks.
Do you know whose shoes these are?
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't have to.
Tom has never been good at baseball.
Do you know whose bicycle this is?
Tom told me that he's miserable here in Boston without Mary.
Tom has more books than he can read.
Do you know how to play the organ?
Tom told Mary that she's the one responsible for doing that.
Tom has made the same mistake twice.
Do you intend to do that tomorrow?
Tom told Mary that he was concerned about what might happen.
Tom has made some very wise choices.
Do you have time to do that today?
Tom told Mary that he thought her suggestion was reasonable.
Tom has lost interest in doing that.
Do you ever take an afternoon nap?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was motivated to do that.
Tom has lost at least thirty pounds.
Do you always do that by yourself?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was doing that right now.
Tom has lived there for three years.
Do most of your friends have pets?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was desperate to do that.
Tom has left that decision up to us.
Didn't you know you needed a visa?
Tom told Mary that he didn't know how to play the saxophone.
Tom has improved a bit this morning.
Didn't you know that would happen?
Tom thinks Mary would be afraid to walk home alone at night.
Tom has had three operations so far.
Did you enjoy your stay in Boston?
Tom seemed to be surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom has had a rough couple of years.
Did you eat anything this morning?
Tom seemed to be surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom has gotten better at doing that.
Could you please not do that here?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has forgotten to do that before.
Could I borrow a pair of scissors?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary needed to do that.
Tom has done what he promised to do.
Can you play a musical instrument?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has done that quite a few times.
Can anyone else here speak French?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom has done that many times before.
Both of us won't be busy tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom has done that a number of times.
Both of my brothers were arrested.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom has done that a couple of times.
Boston is a good place to do that.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom has done a lot of stupid things.
Be sure to do that sometime today.
Tom says he can't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has definitely been here before.
Are you going to do that tomorrow?
Tom said that wasn't the real reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has decided to quit doing that.
Are you going to Boston next week?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who liked doing that.
Tom has been told he should do that.
Are we still permitted to do that?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who hated doing that.
Tom has been told he has to do that.
Are the police in Boston friendly?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom has been sleeping all afternoon.
Am I the only one who can do that?
Tom said he'd ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom has been shot twice in the head.
"Whose book is this?" "It's mine."
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom has been rather busy these days.
Your sunglasses are on dashboard.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom has been putting on some weight.
Your shirt has bloodstains on it.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom has been ordered not to do that.
Your mother will be proud of you.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary would do that or not.
Tom has been in jail more than once.
Your left eye is twitching again.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom has been here many times before.
Your left arm seems to be broken.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom has been here a year and a half.
Your handwriting is hard to read.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom has been helping me quite a lot.
Your father is younger than mine.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom has been doing that every night.
Your French is really quite good.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom has been caught cheating before.
Your French is excellent, really.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary has to do that until October.
Tom has been blamed for the problem.
You've never done that, have you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom has been around for a long time.
You've always been so nice to me.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom has been an outstanding manager.
You've always been so kind to me.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom has been a very good role model.
You're wearing a wig, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom has been a really good customer.
You're the tallest person I know.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom has apparently changed his mind.
You're the smartest woman I know.
Tom said Mary would've done that by herself if she could've.
Tom has apologized for his comments.
You're the shortest woman I know.
Tom said Mary would probably still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom has an umbrella just like yours.
You're the right man for the job.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that anymore.
Tom has always done the right thing.
You're the richest person I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that anymore.
Tom has also written several novels.
You're the reason I'm here today.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Tom has already written three books.
You're the quietest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that today.
Tom has already promised to help us.
You're the only person I've told.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that this evening.
Tom has all his suits made to order.
You're the only one who did that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that tomorrow.
Tom has all but finished doing that.
You're one of our best customers.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom has agreed to meet me on Monday.
You're lucky you didn't get sick.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to get his visa renewed.
Tom has agreed not to do that again.
You're brushing your teeth wrong.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that soon.
Tom has advised me to do that again.
You're a very good tennis player.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that by himself.
Tom has about as much money as I do.
You're a very good soccer player.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that.
Tom has a year left on his contract.
You're a reasonable guy, I think.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that by himself.
Tom has a very strong French accent.
You're a little taller than I am.
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that by himself.
Tom has a restaurant on Park Street.
You're a good skater, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that by herself.
Tom has a parrot that speaks French.
You're a firefighter, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that by herself.
Tom has a nice place in the country.
You're a dog breeder, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom has a good job and a nice house.
You're a clarinetist, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that this year.
Tom has a daughter living in Boston.
You're a bodybuilder, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that this year.
Tom has a brother and three sisters.
You're a billionaire, aren't you?
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John has to do that or not.
Tom hardly speaks any French at all.
You're a Red Sox fan, aren't you?
Tom probably thought Mary didn't know how to use chopsticks.
Tom had to go without food for days.
You'll try to do that, won't you?
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom had three sons and one daughter.
You'll get the chance to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't like his friends.
Tom had some help from other people.
You'll do that for me, won't you?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John hate each other.
Tom had red spots all over his body.
You'd better not do that anymore.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is a Canadian or not.
Tom had no objection to our leaving.
You won't do that here, will you?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can sing well or not.
Tom had no idea what should be done.
You told us you wouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can cook well or not.
Tom had no chance to win that fight.
You suggested that I not do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom had a crush on the girl next door.
You still can't do that, can you?
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom had an opportunity to come back.
You should've refused to do that.
Tom knew it wasn't likely the first time Mary had done that.
Tom had an accident on his way home.
You should do that before dinner.
Tom isn't likely to be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom had already left when I arrived.
You should be allowed to do that.
Tom hollered to Mary who was on the other side of the creek.
Tom had a son who committed suicide.
You seem to be afraid to do that.
Tom has told Mary not to park her car in front of his house.
Tom had a hard time making a living.
You seem to be afraid of spiders.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be permitted to do that.
Tom had a cold, so he stayed in bed.
You seem to be a compulsive liar.
Tom doesn't think Mary can convince John to stop doing that.
Tom got what he deserved in the end.
You often read novels, don't you?
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know what to do.
Tom got home three hours after that.
You need to wait a little longer.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going to be in the afternoon.
Tom got home last night around nine.
You need to buy some new clothes.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to help John do that.
Tom got almost everything he wanted.
You need to be strong to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary had intended to do that yesterday.
Tom got almost everything he needed.
You must be desperate to do that.
Tom did everything he could to prevent Mary from doing that.
Tom gets up late on Sunday mornings.
You may need to do that tomorrow.
Tom claims he didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom generally does that around 2:30.
You may eat wherever you want to.
Tom and Mary are the ones who are supposed to be doing that.
Tom gave us money when we needed it.
You may eat whenever you want to.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom gave no reason for his decision.
You may eat whatever you want to.
I don't think Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom found several T-shirts he liked.
You may do that if you'd like to.
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Tom found a job with a good company.
You may do that here if you want.
Didn't you know Tom was hoping to go to the dance with Mary?
Tom forged his boss's signature.
You may do that any way you like.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
Tom first went to Australia in 2013.
You may as well do that tomorrow.
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom finally decided to go to Boston.
You loved doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
Tom figured he'd be able to do that.
You look like you've lost weight.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom fell in love with his therapist.
You look like you've been crying.
Tom won't likely tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom faces a mandatory life sentence.
You look like you're half asleep.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he'll do that for her.
Tom explained why we had to do that.
You look like you're a bit tired.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom explained why he didn't do that.
You know who did that, don't you?
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom eventually will need to do that.
You knew I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom was hoping he could go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom eventually will have to do that.
You just need to be more patient.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom enjoyed fishing with his father.
You have to learn how to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that she had come to Boston.
Tom emptied the box of its contents.
You feel better today, don't you?
Tom told Mary that he was finished doing that by lunchtime.
Tom employs more than thirty people.
You don't really need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was a pretty good dancer.
Tom earns just under $3,a month.
You don't really do that, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was hesitant to do that.
Tom earns his living as a guitarist.
You don't look like you're tired.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom earned his doctorate at Harvard.
You don't look like you're ready.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
You don't look like you're happy.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom said doing that would be a good idea.
You don't look like you're angry.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she had to do that.
Tom doesn't want to do that tonight.
You don't like cats much, do you?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she needs to give that to.
Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
You don't have to read that book.
Tom says he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't want to be here anymore.
You don't always do that, do you?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't want children, but I do.
You do that every day, don't you?
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't pass her French test.
Tom doesn't think you would do that.
You definitely needed to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go sailing with him.
Tom doesn't think we should do that.
You could've done that yesterday.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can do that by herself.
Tom doesn't think we did that right.
You could probably do that alone.
Tom said that Mary thought it would probably snow tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he should do that.
You chose to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be interesting.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that.
You can stay here if you want to.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be enough.
Tom doesn't think I know what to do.
Would you mind doing that for me?
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't think I have to do that.
Would you let me do that for you?
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she needed to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be here.
Would you close the gate, please?
Tom said he wished he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to share that view.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to like doing that.
Will you take a trip next summer?
Tom said he thought Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to do that anymore.
Will you stay in Boston all week?
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom doesn't really have much choice.
Will you come to school tomorrow?
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he's doing.
Will you come here tomorrow, too?
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
Will you be in Boston in October?
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't look too happy, does he?
Why don't you do that more often?
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't like this kind of music.
Why didn't you do that yesterday?
Tom said he hoped Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom doesn't like that kind of stuff.
Why didn't you answer your phone?
Tom said he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't know where he should be.
Why did you want to go to Boston?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Why did you need to go to Boston?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that again.
Tom doesn't know there's work to do.
Why did you have to go to Boston?
Tom said he didn't want to ever go fishing with Mary again.
Tom doesn't know how to play guitar.
Who told you I'd want to do that?
Tom said Mary will probably still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom doesn't keep his room very tidy.
Who told you I wanted to do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
Tom doesn't intend to do that again.
Who told you I needed to do that?
Tom said Mary was trying to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
Who else came to Boston with you?
Tom said Mary was too out of shape to go mountain climbing.
Tom doesn't have any enemies at all.
Who doesn't do that occasionally?
Tom said Mary was likely to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom doesn't go to school by the bus.
Who does this umbrella belong to?
Tom said Mary was likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't expect to stay too long.
Which bicycle do you want to buy?
Tom said Mary was likely to be difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't consider himself a hero.
When is the best time to do that?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be getting up.
When do you have to be in Boston?
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't always do that this way.
When did the children eat dinner?
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that by herself.
Tom does that the old fashioned way.
What's Australia most famous for?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom does have some serious problems.
What time do you want to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that again.
Tom does have pretty good instincts.
What kind of weather do you like?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom does do that, but not very well.
What kind of parties do you like?
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that on Monday.
Tom died without having made a will.
What do you want to do next week?
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that by himself.
Tom died three months ago in Boston.
What are some possible solutions?
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that until 2:30.
Tom died on the way to the hospital.
Were you drunk when you did that?
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom died on a cold night in October.
We've visited Boston a few times.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that until 2:30.
Tom died of a drug overdose in 2013.
We've had lots of fun doing that.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom died last year at the age of 30.
We're prohibited from doing that.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary not to do that.
Tom died in a small house in Boston.
We'll do that tomorrow, won't we?
Tom probably knows where Mary was the day before yesterday.
Tom died in Boston at the age of 30.
We weren't in Boston last summer.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom died in from heart disease.
We still can't afford to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John don't like him.
Tom didn't think you should do that.
We shouldn't have come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary will do that or not.
Tom didn't testify during the trial.
We should've done that yesterday.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary was yesterday morning.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
We should visit Boston next fall.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is going next weekend.
Tom didn't seem to be unhappy today.
We often see monkeys around here.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom didn't say he wanted to do that.
We need to get this done by 2:30.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom didn't know who he should trust.
We need to change more than that.
Tom knows he won't be able to do what Mary wants him to do.
Tom didn't know what was in the box.
We might go to Boston next month.
Tom is out on the porch trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom didn't know what should be done.
We just went to Boston last week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will have the time to do that today.
Tom didn't know how to open the box.
We just came to Boston last week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't know how long he'd slept.
We did that as a publicity stunt.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't know anything about that.
We cut the watermelon and ate it.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom didn't intend to break the vase.
We can't ignore these complaints.
Tom doesn't think Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom didn't have to worry about that.
Very few people actually do that.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at doing that or not.
Tom didn't have any help doing that.
This time of year is always cold.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to put her suitcases.
Tom didn't have a chance to do that.
This time of year is always busy.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to plant the lettuce.
Tom didn't get everything he wanted.
This place looks like a cemetery.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what to do.
Tom didn't do what I told him to do.
This morning's meeting was short.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John to do that.
Tom didn't do that yesterday either.
This knife needs to be sharpened.
Tom didn't think Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't actually want to do that.
This is a very comfortable chair.
Tom didn't think Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't actually need to do that.
This has been going on for years.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom didn't actually have to do that.
This cave was discovered in 2013.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at doing that or not.
Tom didn't actually do that himself.
This area is famous for its rice.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to help him do that.
Tom did whatever we asked him to do.
They'll come with their children.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Tom did whatever he felt like doing.
They live in different countries.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who wanted him to do that.
Tom did that while we were sleeping.
These lenses aren't scratchproof.
Tom deleted all the pictures he had of Mary from his phone.
Tom did that for two or three years.
These jeans are too small for me.
Tom asked Mary what she'd buy if she had a million dollars.
Tom did that because he was told to.
There's only one thing we can do.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to graduate.
Tom did a lot of really good things.
Tom and Mary don't kiss each other as much as they used to.
Tom demanded that I do that for him.
There's no way I'll ever do that.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what needed to be done.
Tom definitely deserved what he got.
There are now employees here.
Tom admitted to Mary that he didn't know what he was doing.
Tom decided to study French instead.
There are no suspects in custody.
The only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
Tom decided to go to Boston instead.
The operation lasted three hours.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary out of doing that.
Tom couldn't keep up with his class.
The competition was pretty rough.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom couldn't afford to see a doctor.
That's not who I want to talk to.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom could've been sentenced to life.
That's not who I need to talk to.
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom could try doing that by himself.
That's not who I have to talk to.
I should probably tell Tom I want him to help Mary do that.
Tom could never do that like you do.
That's not what I promised to do.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom could go to jail for doing that.
Something might be going on here.
I didn't tell Tom how much the gift I bought for Mary cost.
Tom could do a lot of things for us.
Some rules may have to be broken.
I always thought Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
Tom could be tried for manslaughter.
Some people think I'm very fussy.
Didn't you know Tom makes more than double what Mary makes?
Tom could be immune to that disease.
Silver is much cheaper than gold.
Did you know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other?
Tom comes to see me once in a while.
Schools will be closed on Monday.
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom claims that things have changed.
Please tell me about it tomorrow.
We've all come to Boston to attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
Tom claims he acted in self-defense.
Please give me your phone number.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom claimed he had been brainwashed.
Please give me some orange juice.
Tom will probably tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom can't seem to control his anger.
Please don't do that by yourself.
Tom wasn't planning on doing that until Mary asked him to.
Tom can't have forgotten my address.
Please do that today if possible.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom can't have done that by himself.
People around here often do that.
Tom told Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom can't do that without some help.
People around here don't do that.
Tom told Mary that she should be the first one to do that.
Tom can't do that better than I can.
Peaches are larger than apricots.
Tom told Mary that she should be helping John do that now.
Tom can't do anything right, can he?
Our wedding anniversary is today.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom can't be right about everything.
Our store will reopen in October.
Tom told Mary that he was the one who organized the party.
Tom can do that with his bare hands.
Our lives will never be the same.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was through doing that.
Tom can do that wherever he chooses.
Now's the time we should do that.
Tom told Mary that John was gone by the time he got there.
Tom can do that anywhere he chooses.
No two people look exactly alike.
Tom thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom came to school with a black eye.
No one will be home this evening.
Tom thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom came to Boston twice last month.
My wife's waiting for me at home.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom came in third place in the race.
My wife homeschools our children.
Tom thinks Mary is probably at the beach with her friends.
Tom came in just as I was going out.
My parents got married in Boston.
Tom should tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom came down for breakfast at 6:30.
My parents died when I was three.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to find a higher-paying job.
Tom came back home three days later.
My parents aren't living anymore.
Tom should probably tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom built a fence around his garden.
My parents are both still living.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom brushes his hair in the morning.
My house is just down the street.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he had to do that.
Tom bought that car three years ago.
My house doesn't have a basement.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he needs to do that.
Tom bought every single one of them.
My hamster escaped from its cage.
Tom says he forgot to remind Mary that she had to do that.
Tom believes his son is still alive.
My girlfriend is older than I am.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom ate potato chips and drank beer.
My first wife was from Australia.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom asked the police for protection.
My first girlfriend was Canadian.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that to Alice.
Tom asked me why I hadn't done that.
My car is a lot older than yours.
Tom saw you kissing Mary in the park a couple of days ago.
Tom asked me where my parents lived.
My car broke down on my way here.
Tom said that isn't the real reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom asked me when he should do that.
My bedroom is cleaner than yours.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Tom asked me not to do that anymore.
My French is gradually improving.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she ought to do that.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that.
Mt. Fuji isn't visible from here.
Tom said he was hoping he and Mary could do that together.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that.
Mt. Fuji can't be seen from here.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary another chance to do that.
Tom asked for a glass of cold water.
Morning is a bad time to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom arrived very early this morning.
Monday will likely be a cold day.
Tom said he thought Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom appears to be a friendly person.
Monday will likely be a busy day.
Tom said he thought Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom apologized to me for being late.
May I do that when I'm in Boston?
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom and I've started fighting again.
Mary is the tallest woman I know.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom and I've decided to get married.
Mary is the richest woman I know.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom and I've decided not to do that.
Mary is the perfect woman for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom and I've been seeing each other.
Mary hasn't always had long hair.
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom and I've always lived in Boston.
Let's wait until 2:to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom and I'll get married in October.
Let's sit in the back of the bus.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom and I'll be doing that together.
Let's not go to Boston this year.
Tom said he hoped Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom and I work really well together.
Let's have supper on the veranda.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom and I work for the same company.
Let me show you how to get there.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that by herself.
Tom and I were meant to be together.
It's way too late to do that now.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom and I went to the park together.
It's time to stop fooling around.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom and I went to the mall together.
It's really very easy to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that today.
Tom and I wear each other's clothes.
It's little too early to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom and I walked to school together.
It's hot and humid now in Boston.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom and I walked back home together.
It'll probably be fun to do that.
Tom said Mary was the only one who got here on time today.
It wouldn't be simple to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I took turns standing guard.
It would've been wise to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be motivated to do that.
Tom and I talked about the election.
It would've been safe to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that again.
Tom and I talked about our children.
It would've been easy to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and I seldom talk to each other.
It would be too risky to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat together on the train.
It would be smart to do that now.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that.
Tom and I sat together on the bench.
It would be smart not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat on the bench together.
It would be safer not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that by himself.
Tom and I played tennis all morning.
It would be expensive to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom and I often take walks together.
It won't be very easy to do that.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that without some help.
Tom and I often go cycling together.
It was yesterday that I did that.
Tom said Mary needed at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom and I often eat dinner together.
It sounds like I need to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and I need to paint their house.
It should be OK to do that today.
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that again today.
Tom and I moved to Boston last fall.
It seems that we have to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't the one responsible for what happened.
Tom and I love each other very much.
It seems stupid to me to do that.
Tom said Mary is very hungry every day when she gets home.
Tom and I killed time playing cards.
It doesn't look like you're sick.
Tom said Mary is probably still troubled by what happened.
Tom and I haven't changed our minds.
It doesn't look like you're done.
Tom probably won't be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom and I have never been on a date.
Is there any water in the bucket?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom and I have different priorities.
Is there any salad dressing left?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
Tom and I have a three-year-old son.
Is there a faster way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom and I have a great relationship.
Is there a better way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom and I had a lot of time to talk.
Is it true that you hate parties?
Tom parked his car in the vacant lot next to Mary's house.
Tom and I had a great time together.
If you have time, please do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he'd never been married.
Tom and I got here at the same time.
If it doesn't rain, I'll do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't understand French.
Tom and I frequently study together.
I've seen that movie three times.
Tom is probably the only person who can help Mary do that.
Tom and I don't have much in common.
I've seen that happen many times.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John wants her to do.
Tom and I don't get along very well.
I've never considered doing that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John tells her to do.
Tom and I didn't look at each other.
I've lost interest in doing that.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
Tom and I did what we could to help.
I've done everything I had to do.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary as much as we used to.
Tom and I did our homework together.
I've decided to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be drunk at this time of day.
Tom and I became friends right away.
I've been told not do that again.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I aren't particularly close.
I've been swimming all afternoon.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom and I are still studying French.
I've been ordered not to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom and I are related to each other.
I've been asked to give a speech.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is going to be this afternoon.
Tom and I are now dating each other.
I've been asked to do that again.
Tom didn't think Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I are both going to do that.
I've always lived on Park Street.
Tom didn't think Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom and I answered at the same time.
I'm too drunk to be of much help.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom and I almost never eat together.
I'm the tallest boy in the class.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted to be alone.
Tom always seems to be enthusiastic.
I'm the tallest boy in our class.
Tom didn't seem to understand what Mary was talking about.
Tom always gets everything he wants.
I'm the only person who did that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted him to do that or not.
Tom always does that in the evening.
I'm the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to put her suitcase.
Tom agreed there was no easy answer.
I'm sure I don't have to do that.
Tom didn't believe that Mary would do something like that.
Tom admitted he had help doing that.
I'm supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who asked him to do that.
Tom admits the system isn't perfect.
I'm still not very good at chess.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
Tom actually didn't want to do that.
I'm still considering doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what John's favorite movie was.
Tom, however, has never been there.
I'm reluctant to do that for you.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that on his own.
Tom's spoken French is pretty good.
I'm positive that that'll happen.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that by himself.
Tom's shirt was stained with blood.
I'm planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what she needed to do.
Tom's office looks a lot like mine.
I'm not supposed to do that here.
Tom and I didn't know each other until Mary introduced us.
Tom's not old enough to live alone.
I'm not living in Boston anymore.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what she had to do.
Tom's mother told him to come home.
I'm not as old as you think I am.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom's last year in Boston was 2013.
I'm miserable whenever I do that.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom's house is near where he works.
I'm in the construction business.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he had to do.
Tom's house burned down last night.
I'm glad I don't need to do that.
Tom accused Mary of stealing money from the cash register.
Tom's first teacher was his mother.
I'm glad I don't have to do that.
Please tell Tom he shouldn't do that until Mary gets here.
Tom's first novel came out in 2013.
I'm busy now, so I can't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom's explanation was enlightening.
I'm about the same height as you.
I've never told Tom exactly how Mary and I met each other.
Tom's business is doing quite well.
I'll put the flowers in the vase.
I told Tom I thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom's brothers are still in Boston.
I'll never permit you to do that.
I think Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom's advice often isn't very good.
I'll do that in a couple of days.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wouldn't have done it that way.
I'll do that as quickly as I can.
I don't know whether Tom is younger or older than Mary is.
Tom would never do that by himself.
I'll definitely do that tomorrow.
I didn't really feel like going camping with Tom and Mary.
Tom would never ask you to do that.
I'll be glad to buy that for you.
I asked Tom all the same questions that Mary had asked me.
Tom would like you to do that, too.
I'll be finished doing that soon.
You didn't realize Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom would get depressed doing that.
I'd stay in Boston if I were you.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom would be a fool not to do that.
I'd rather not do that by myself.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom worked in Boston all last week.
I'd like to see somebody do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to find another job.
Tom worked here until October 2013.
I'd like to say yes, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom worked hard writing his speech.
I'd like to come over after work.
Tom would be surprised if Mary couldn't do that.
Tom won't listen to anything I say.
I'd better go to Boston with you.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to tie a square knot.
Tom won't likely refuse to do that.
I'd be happy to teach you French.
Tom told me he was very surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom won't likely be very organized.
I'd be happy to buy that for you.
Tom told Mary that she's faster at doing that than he is.
Tom won't likely be home on Monday.
I wouldn't want to do that again.
Tom told Mary that she should be the next one to do that.
Tom won't likely be here on Monday.
I wonder if it's safe to do that.
Tom told Mary that she should be the last one to do that.
Tom won't likely be doing that now.
I wonder if it's safe to be here.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was home every Monday.
Tom won't likely be afraid of that.
I won't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disorganized.
Tom won't have to do that tomorrow.
I won't have a chance to do that.
Tom told Mary that John would have to do that by himself.
Tom won't do what he says he'll do.
I won't do that until I get home.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if someone had invited her.
Tom won't be up this late at night.
I wish I'd remembered to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom won't be in Boston next Monday.
I wish I'd known about the party.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom won't be in Boston much longer.
I wish I were better at swimming.
Tom swept the room with the new broom Mary had given him.
Tom won't be able to do that again.
I wish I had done that yesterday.
Tom should try not to say anything that'll make Mary mad.
Tom will wait as long as he has to.
I wish I could understand French.
Tom should try not to say anything that'll make Mary cry.
Tom will stay here for three weeks.
I wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom will probably be here tomorrow.
I wasn't in my room at that time.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to look out the window.
Tom will probably be busy tomorrow.
I wasn't brave enough to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forgot her umbrella.
Tom will probably agree to do that.
I was kidnapped when I was three.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forget her umbrella.
Tom will likely be absent tomorrow.
I was in Boston on Christmas Day.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom will go to Australia next week.
I was going to work here all day.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't need to do that.
Tom will get the chance to do that.
I was going to do that yesterday.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't have to do that.
Tom will figure out how to do that.
I was going to do that by myself.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom will be glad he didn't do that.
I was asked not to do that again.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom went back to Australia in 2013.
I was annoyed by the loud noises.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him where Mary had gone.
Tom wasn't ready to do that either.
I wanted to go swimming with you.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't punished for doing that.
I want to talk about the project.
Tom says if he does that, Mary will probably yell at him.
Tom wasn't killed in the explosion.
I want to take a picture of that.
Tom says he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't being forced to do that.
I want to rent a house in Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom was very courageous to do that.
I want to live in Boston someday.
Tom says he knows Mary will want to go to Boston with us.
Tom was too embarrassed to do that.
I want to know why that happened.
Tom says he knows Mary could do that if she tried harder.
Tom was told to do that by himself.
I want to know what you're doing.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she doesn't need to do that.
Tom was the only adult in the room.
I want to get a driver's license.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she doesn't have to do that.
Tom was the last person to do that.
I want to draw something for you.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom was the first one to be chosen.
I want to do that tomorrow night.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that.
Tom was taken care of by his uncle.
I want to buy some new furniture.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that.
Tom was swimming all day yesterday.
I want to become rich and famous.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to help John do that.
Tom was sitting near the window.
I want to become a tattoo artist.
Tom says he didn't know Mary needed to help John do that.
Tom was present at today's meeting.
I used to be a volunteer fireman.
Tom said that Mary thought the judge's decision was fair.
Tom was my first saxophone teacher.
I try to always keep my promises.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom was more than three hours late.
I told you never to call me here.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom was in Boston last Monday, too.
I told the team I wanted to quit.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be easy.
Tom was helping out in the kitchen.
I thought you were still married.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I thought you didn't play tennis.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom was doing that when I got home.
I thought it was safe to do that.
Tom said he wished Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom was born on October 20th, 2013.
I thought I'd do that, too.
Tom said he was talking to Mary when the lights went out.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
I thought I was going to be late.
Tom said he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom was able to do that on his own.
I thought I was down with a cold.
Tom said he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom was a little late to the party.
I think you're afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom wants to be at today's meeting.
I think we'll be able to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom wanted to learn how to do that.
I think we don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom volunteered to help me do that.
I think it'll rain all day today.
Tom said he regretted that he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom usually drinks beer at parties.
I think it'll be safe to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom usually buys expensive clothes.
I think doing that would be safe.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom understands French fairly well.
I think I could help you do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom tried to talk, but he couldn't.
I still haven't done my homework.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom told us he would do that again.
I still have to pack my suitcase.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom told the team he wants to quit.
I still have to do that, don't I?
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom told me you could speak French.
I still go to Boston every month.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom told me that he'd be back soon.
I slept on a cot in the basement.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he was frightened.
I shouldn't have even been there.
Tom said Mary was likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom told me that I'm overconfident.
I should've shopped around a bit.
Tom said Mary was likely to be troubled by what happened.
Tom told me not to do that anymore.
I should've done that last night.
Tom said Mary was likely to be through doing that by now.
Tom told me never to do that again.
I should've been at that meeting.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that today.
Tom told me he'll do that tomorrow.
I should've been able to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom told me he won't do that again.
I should really buy one of those.
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that.
Tom told me he was teaching French.
I should go to Boston next month.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have stayed at the party so long.
Tom told me he was studying French.
I should do something about that.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that without his help.
Tom told me he knew how to do that.
I should at least try to do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Tom told me he intended to do that.
I seldom have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't teach French.
I saw three elephants at the zoo.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that by himself.
Tom told me he didn't study French.
I said I'd be willing to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that.
Tom told me he didn't speak French.
I really, really want to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might need to do that by himself.
Tom told himself that he should go.
I plan to teach French next year.
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that by himself.
Tom thought it would be a long war.
I plan to study French next year.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John can do that or not.
Tom thought he should study French.
I plan to live in Boston someday.
Tom said Mary is probably still interested in doing that.
Tom thought he had to study French.
I plan to be in Boston all month.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that by himself.
Tom thought he had to speak French.
I ought to go to Boston with you.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary called the police.
Tom thinks you should study French.
I only saw one person doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom thinks whales are worth saving.
I never should've gone to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary would want to do that.
Tom thinks he can probably do that.
I never should've come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants John to do that.
Tom thinks I have to do that today.
I never said that I wanted to go.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary dropped out of school.
Tom thinks I don't know what to do.
I never said I wanted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Tom thinks I don't have to do that.
I never do that unless I have to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is thirsty or not.
Tom taught me a new way to do that.
I need to go to Boston next week.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary would like him to do.
Tom talked about what had happened.
I need to find someplace to live.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom takes care of me when I'm sick.
I need to do that sometime today.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like her.
Tom suggested we visit that museum.
I need a special tool to do that.
Tom is the only one who seems to know why Mary was there.
Tom suggested we leave immediately.
I might work in Boston next year.
Tom is the only boy in the class who thinks Mary is cute.
Tom suggested that we take a break.
I may not go to Boston next week.
Tom is sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom suggested that we study French.
I looked for my name on the list.
Tom is going to take care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom suggested that we speak French.
I looked around the waiting room.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John asks her to do.
I live in a very small apartment.
Tom hoped Mary would be well enough to come to his party.
Tom studied French for a long time.
I know you want to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary how much the tickets will cost.
Tom studied French for a few years.
I know you need to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom studied French a long time ago.
I know you have to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom strongly advised me to do that.
I know why you wanted to do that.
Tom got a book down from the shelf and handed it to Mary.
Tom stood up and walked to the bar.
I know why you needed to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom still wants to do that someday.
I know why I should've done that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be surprised if he did that.
Tom still sometimes studies French.
I know where the money is hidden.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom still says he doesn't blame me.
I know what you need to do today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom still isn't very good at chess.
I know what you have to do today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like each other.
Tom still hasn't weeded the garden.
I know what I've got to do today.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at swimming or not.
Tom still hasn't gotten out of bed.
I know we've got to keep working.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom still hasn't done that, has he?
I know we're running out of time.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will need to do that.
Tom still has to finish doing that.
I know this is a tough situation.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will have to do that.
Tom still doesn't do that, does he?
I know that you're uncomfortable.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom stayed at home with his family.
I know that you were unimpressed.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom started his first band in 2013.
I know that what I did was wrong.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that this afternoon.
Tom spent the whole day doing that.
I know that I'm ready to do that.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom spent several months in Boston.
I know exactly what I need to do.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom spent much of his time reading.
I know I've got to do that today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary needed to do that.
Tom spent a lot of time doing that.
I know I was supposed to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at swimming or not.
Tom spends a lot of money on shoes.
I know I shouldn't do that alone.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was going to do that or not.
Tom sometimes eats lunch here, too.
I know I shouldn't do that again.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to plant the roses.
Tom slammed his fists on the table.
I know I don't have long to live.
Tom did everything he could to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom simply wouldn't have done that.
I know I don't have enough money.
Tom denied that he was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom shows no signs of slowing down.
I know I can always count on you.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who told him to do that.
Tom showed me a new way to do that.
I knew I was supposed to do that.
Tom could tell that Mary didn't think it was a good idea.
Tom showed an interest in the book.
I hope we didn't break any rules.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John had graduated from.
Tom shoveled the snow off the roof.
I hope to live in Boston someday.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to arrive.
Tom shouldn't have risked his life.
I hope to be in Boston next week.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of music John liked.
Tom shouldn't have gotten involved.
I hope it isn't raining tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that this week.
Tom should've understood the rules.
I heard children playing outside.
Tom and Mary have known each other for about three years.
Tom should've shopped around a bit.
I haven't spoken French in years.
Tom and Mary don't sing together as much as they used to.
Tom should've never gone to Boston.
I have visited Boston many times.
Tom advised Mary to take the money she was being offered.
Tom should've never come to Boston.
I have to do that sometime today.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to do that.
Tom should've gone a long time ago.
I have to be in Boston on Monday.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary into doing that.
Tom should've done that last night.
I have time to do that this week.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom should've done that by himself.
I have time to do that right now.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be ready if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom should've been in the hospital.
I have three cats and three dogs.
I don't think Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
Tom should've been fired years ago.
I had no idea I was being conned.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom should've been at that meeting.
I got really tired of doing that.
Does Tom still play chess with Mary every Monday evening?
Tom should've been able to do that.
I found it impossible to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary often do that together?
Tom should be motivated to do that.
I filled both glasses with water.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom should at least try to do that.
I figured I'd be able to do that.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted him to put her suitcases.
Tom set the tray down on the table.
I felt like doing that yesterday.
Tom won't likely tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom seldom gives his wife presents.
I fell asleep in front of the TV.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom seldom forgets to pay his rent.
I feel like doing that right now.
Tom will probably tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom seems to want to do that today.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play the G chord.
Tom seems to enjoy teaching French.
I don't want to work as a waiter.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she didn't do that.
Tom seems to enjoy studying French.
I don't want to wear any jewelry.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom seems to enjoy speaking French.
I don't want to take that chance.
Tom told Mary to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
Tom seems to be willing to do that.
I don't want to help you do that.
Tom told Mary that she should try to do that by herself.
Tom seems to be feeling frustrated.
I don't want to go anywhere else.
Tom told Mary that she needed to quit being so stubborn.
Tom seems aware of what's going on.
I don't want to do that with you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was engaged to Alice.
Tom seemed to be unhappy yesterday.
I don't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he thought John could likely do that.
Tom seemed to be afraid to do that.
I don't want to do that that way.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was intelligent.
Tom seemed to be a really good guy.
I don't want to borrow any money.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was incompetent.
Tom seemed to be a nice enough guy.
I don't want anyone else to know.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was hardworking.
Tom seemed like an intelligent man.
I don't visit my parents anymore.
Tom told Mary that John was difficult to get along with.
Tom says this will be his last try.
I don't usually watch war movies.
Tom thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom says there's nothing he can do.
I don't think I'll do that again.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be busy in the morning.
Tom says that's his favorite store.
I don't think I'll be doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom says that's his favorite movie.
I don't think I need a bodyguard.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom says that he's good at cooking.
I don't really understand French.
Tom thinks Mary won't be busy after 2:this afternoon.
Tom says that he'd like to do that.
I don't really care what you buy.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom says that doesn't surprise him.
I don't play baseball very often.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom says it's up to you to do that.
I don't often wear a tie anymore.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that without Mary's help.
Tom says it didn't happen that way.
I don't often do that in October.
Tom should tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom says his goals haven't changed.
I don't object to you doing that.
Tom says he's tired of watching TV.
I don't need to worry about that.
Tom should tell Mary he'd never do anything to hurt her.
Tom says he plays the drums well.
I don't need to work next Monday.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom says he's not enjoying himself.
I don't need to know the details.
Tom says he's never studied French.
I don't need to go to work today.
Tom should probably not tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom says he's done that many times.
I don't need to do anything else.
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom says he'll do what he needs to.
I don't need to be here tomorrow.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's going to do that.
Tom says he'll come to Boston soon.
I don't need any more volunteers.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom says he'd like to study French.
I don't need any help doing that.
Tom set the table while Mary was in the kitchen cooking.
Tom says he won't do that tomorrow.
I don't mind buying that for you.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom says he won't buy that for you.
I don't like the way you do that.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want him there.
Tom says he was abducted by aliens.
I don't like playing video games.
Tom says that he'll study French with Mary this evening.
Tom says he wants to build a house.
I don't like driving in the rain.
Tom says he knows Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Tom says he thinks it's impossible.
I don't know who baked this cake.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he should do that.
Tom says he spoke without thinking.
I don't know much about baseball.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he has to do that.
Tom says he spoke French last week.
I don't know if I'll come or not.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to give the package to.
Tom says he needs another computer.
I don't know how to write poetry.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she wants to do that.
Tom says he needed to study French.
I don't know how much it'll cost.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she needs to do that.
Tom says he knows why you did that.
I don't know everyone's name yet.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom says he hopes that you do that.
I don't know anyone who can help.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom says he enjoys teaching French.
I don't know a lot about animals.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom says he enjoys studying French.
I don't have very much free time.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom says he enjoys speaking French.
I don't have to worry about that.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary wants to do that with.
Tom says he doesn't have insurance.
I don't have to work next Monday.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually leave him.
Tom says he didn't want to do that.
I don't have to do anything else.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that to Alice.
Tom says he didn't need to do that.
I don't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that to you.
Tom says he didn't have to do that.
I don't have the time to do that.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do to help Mary.
Tom says he did that for the money.
I don't have the guts to do that.
Tom said that Mary wanted to borrow some money from him.
Tom says he can't stand doing that.
I don't have much longer to live.
Tom said it wouldn't be any trouble to do that for Mary.
Tom says he can do that by himself.
I don't have any books in French.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she should do that.
Tom says Boston is really cold now.
I don't have a say in the matter.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she had to do that.
Tom sat there with his eyes closed.
I don't expect to stay very long.
Tom said it was him who should show Mary how to do that.
Tom sat there with his arms folded.
I don't ever want to get married.
Tom said he wished Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said we had to start somewhere.
I don't ever come here by myself.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said there's nothing he can do.
I don't enjoy doing that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said the timing was just right.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said the mission was too risky.
I don't do that unless I have to.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said the explosion woke him up.
I don't care how expensive it is.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said the concert was a success.
I don't actually want to do that.
Tom said he sees Mary waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom said that's not what he wanted.
I don't actually need to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that's his favorite store.
I don't actually have to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that we should be careful.
I do hope you'll come back again.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd like to do that.
I didn't want to wait any longer.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to do that.
I didn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he wanted some money.
I didn't want to talk about work.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he needed some money.
I didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he grew up in Boston.
I didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom said he didn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said some men had attacked him.
I didn't want to speak in French.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said people just need to relax.
I didn't want to leave the house.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said no injuries were reported.
I didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said no decision had been made.
I didn't want to go there by bus.
Tom said Mary was told not to try to do that by herself.
Tom said it didn't happen that way.
I didn't want to go back to jail.
Tom said Mary was the one responsible for what happened.
Tom said his team would likely win.
I didn't want to get up so early.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be willing to do that.
Tom said his schedule would change.
I didn't want to do that tonight.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the first one to do that.
Tom said his license was suspended.
I didn't want to come here today.
Tom said Mary was likely to be interested in doing that.
Tom said his goals haven't changed.
Tom said Mary was likely to be finished doing that by now.
Tom said he's taught French before.
I didn't think you'd be so early.
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that.
I didn't think you'd be punctual.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that.
Tom said he's never studied French.
I didn't think you would do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that.
Tom said he's never driven a truck.
I didn't think you could do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he's never been to Boston.
I didn't think I'd be handcuffed.
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that on her own.
Tom said he's motivated to do that.
I didn't think I would be scared.
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he's desperate to do that.
I didn't think I would be lonely.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he's confident of success.
I didn't take very many pictures.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he's been very happy here.
I didn't study at all last night.
Tom said Mary has been here at least three times before.
Tom said he's been told to do that.
I didn't see anyone I recognized.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that for Alice.
Tom said he's been arrested before.
I didn't really know what to say.
Tom probably knew before we did that Mary would do that.
Tom said he's always been athletic.
I didn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that.
I didn't realize how lucky I was.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom said he wouldn't do that today.
I didn't practice much last week.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom said he would do that tomorrow.
I didn't need to go there myself.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John are arguing.
Tom said he won't agree to do that.
I didn't mean to say what I said.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is sleepy or not.
Tom said he wished he'd eaten more.
I didn't make it home last night.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is hungry or not.
Tom said he wasn't having much fun.
I didn't like living in the city.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can drive or not.
Tom said he was willing to help us.
I didn't know who I should trust.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary thinks he should do.
Tom said he was too young to drive.
I didn't know which road to take.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said he was too young to drink.
I didn't know the gun was loaded.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't have a driver's license.
Tom said he was too shy to do that.
I didn't have to stay, but I did.
Tom is still playing chess with Mary in the dining room.
Tom said he was too old to do that.
I didn't have to help, but I did.
Tom is hoping he can go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom said he was sick of doing that.
I didn't have to get up so early.
Tom has already told Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom said he was enjoying the party.
I didn't have time for breakfast.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom said he wants to join our band.
I didn't have any fun doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom said he wants to be a mechanic.
I didn't go to any classes today.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom said he wanted to write a book.
I didn't get tired of doing that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
Tom said he wanted to study French.
I didn't get paid for doing that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he wanted to be a teacher.
I didn't get everything I wanted.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he wanted to be a dentist.
I didn't get everything I needed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
Tom said he tries to be optimistic.
I didn't get anything done today.
Tom didn't tell Mary that she needed to be more careful.
Tom said he thought I looked happy.
I didn't get a chance to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked bored.
I didn't feel much like studying.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he regretted the decision.
I didn't expect to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said he regrets not doing that.
I didn't expect a surprise party.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he now regrets doing that.
I didn't eat any more than usual.
Tom didn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom said he needed to study French.
I didn't do well on today's test.
Tom didn't know if Mary would be able to do that or not.
Tom said he needed to get some air.
I didn't do anything for a while.
Tom didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew what was going on.
I didn't complain about anything.
Tom did everything he thought Mary would want him to do.
Tom said he knew it was time to go.
I didn't buy everything I wanted.
Tom denied that he was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom said he isn't going to help us.
I didn't buy everything I needed.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had been in Boston.
Tom said he hoped he could do that.
I didn't actually do that myself.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of food John liked.
Tom said he has to call the police.
I did what I thought I should do.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what color carpet to buy.
Tom said he had trouble doing that.
I did that until I was exhausted.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what had to be done.
I did that the way you suggested.
Tom advised Mary to come back home as soon as she could.
Tom said he had three dogs at home.
I did that for a while yesterday.
Tom admitted to Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he had a surprise for you.
I did everything I could to help.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom said he felt he had to do that.
I couldn't have done that better.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
Tom said he enjoys teaching French.
I could come to Boston next week.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he enjoys studying French.
I can help you if you want me to.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what to do.
Tom said he didn't want to help us.
I can do that with my bare hands.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me to sing.
I brought you something to drink.
I didn't know that Tom would be here until Mary told me.
I broke my arm trying to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Tom said he didn't feel threatened.
I attempted to do that yesterday.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were married to each other?
Tom said he didn't do that anymore.
I already know what I have to do.
Are you sure Tom didn't know Mary wasn't having any fun?
Tom said he couldn't do that today.
How should I go about doing that?
You knew that Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he could probably do that.
How often do you play basketball?
You knew Tom told Mary he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said I should be there by 2:30.
How many girls are in your class?
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't told him to.
Tom said I had to be there by 2:30.
How long will it take to do that?
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom said I didn't sound optimistic.
How long does it take to do that?
Tom would've been late if Mary hadn't given him a ride.
Tom runs the business with his son.
How far is the station from here?
Tom won't likely be any faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom rubbed his eyes with his hands.
How do you usually get to Boston?
Tom will probably tell Mary not to look out the window.
Tom refused the food I offered him.
How did you learn how to do that?
Tom will likely be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom recommended that I not do that.
Have you ever owned a motorcycle?
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom recently earned his law degree.
Even I don't know how to do that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he wouldn't do that.
Tom received his doctorate in 2013.
Even I can speak a little French.
Tom told me yesterday that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom really enjoyed being a teacher.
Don't you want to come to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he would have to do that by himself.
Tom really doesn't want to do that.
Don't try to do that by yourself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was too old for her.
Tom really doesn't need to do that.
Don't let them cut your hair off.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in the basement.
Tom really doesn't have to do that.
Don't forget to fill up the tank.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was being sarcastic.
Tom rarely gives his wife presents.
Don't forget to check your tires.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was prejudiced.
Tom ran out of gas on his way here.
Doing that would probably be fun.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was aggressive.
Tom quit school for health reasons.
Doing that would be a lot of fun.
Tom told Mary it would be dangerous for her to do that.
Tom put the tray down on the table.
Doing that will probably be easy.
Tom thinks Mary won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom put the book down on the table.
Doing that should be very simple.
Tom thinks Mary will be drunk by the time he gets home.
Tom pronounces my name incorrectly.
Doing that probably won't be fun.
Tom still has no idea why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom promised to go get that for me.
Doing that doesn't make me happy.
Tom started jokingly referring to Mary as his fiance.
Tom promised me he'd clean my room.
Do you think you get paid enough?
Tom shoved the letter he got from Mary into his pocket.
Tom promised he'd do that tomorrow.
Do you think we can do that here?
Tom shouldn't have done that without Mary's permission.
Tom promised he won't do that here.
Do you think it's fun to do that?
Tom should've been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom probably won't need to do that.
Do you think it'll snow tomorrow?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom probably won't have to do that.
Do you often buy lottery tickets?
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom probably won't be back by 2:30.
Do you need to go to Boston, too?
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom probably isn't married anymore.
Do you know where you need to go?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's going to Boston.
Tom practices the violin every day.
Do you know how to keep a secret?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't like John.
Tom plays the saxophone quite well.
Do you know how to change a tire?
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary didn't want him there.
Tom plays the drums and also sings.
Do you know anyone who does that?
Tom says he knows Mary will have to do that on her own.
Tom plans to do better from now on.
Do you always do that on Mondays?
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually want to do that.
Tom plans to attend medical school.
Do we really have to do that now?
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom passed away in October of 2013.
Do any of your friends have pets?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she ought to do that.
Tom only does that when he's drunk.
Didn't you know I had to do that?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she needs to do that.
Tom often lets me use his computer.
Did you do that without any help?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom often forgets to lock the door.
Could you explain it to me again?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom often complains about the food.
Carrots grow extremely well here.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom never should've gone to Boston.
Both of us don't want to do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether Mary does that or not.
Tom never should've come to Boston.
Are you still willing to do that?
Tom says he and Mary almost always eat dinner together.
Tom never seems to do that anymore.
Are you still obliged to do that?
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that by himself.
Tom never said what you say he did.
Are you still be able to do that?
Tom said that he thought Mary was a good-looking woman.
Tom never expected to fall in love.
Are you still allowed to do that?
Tom said that Mary was going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom never does that in the morning.
Are you really enjoying yourself?
Tom said that Mary thought John was a good-looking man.
Tom never complains about the heat.
Are you interested in volleyball?
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom never complains about the cold.
Are you good at drawing pictures?
Tom said it was Mary who told him he shouldn't do that.
Tom never complained about his job.
Are you going to church tomorrow?
Tom said it was Mary who told him he needed to do that.
Tom never actually lived in Boston.
Are you determined to do that?
Tom said he's glad Mary has gotten out of the hospital.
Tom needs to study a little harder.
Are we permitted to do that here?
Tom said he wished he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom needs to start studying French.
Are there many museums in Boston?
Tom said he wished he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom needs to make up for lost time.
Are the police in Boston helpful?
Tom said he wished he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom needs to do that every morning.
Am I holding the brush correctly?
Tom said he understood why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom needs to be at today's meeting.
You've always been very helpful.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom must've been afraid to do that.
You're too young to drive a car.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom might not go to Boston with us.
You're to blame for all of this.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom might go to Boston next spring.
You're the tallest woman I know.
Tom said he knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom might come to Boston next week.
You're the richest woman I know.
Tom said he knew Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom may realize later what I meant.
You're the perfect woman for me.
Tom said he knew Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom may even have to do that again.
You're good at finding bargains.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom may come to Boston next summer.
You're a very good banjo player.
Tom said he knew Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom may be excused from doing that.
You're a tour guide, aren't you?
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom made vegetable soup for dinner.
You're a teetotaler, aren't you?
Tom said he hopes Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom made the most of his free time.
You're a talented guitar player.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom lost his job at the university.
You're a strong guy, aren't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom looks better with shorter hair.
You're a lot stronger than I am.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom looked me straight in the eyes.
You're a good-looking young man.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom looked for the key to the door.
You're a good volleyball player.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary bought her bicycle.
Tom looked around the waiting room.
You're a good skier, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary with her homework.
Tom likes to get his picture taken.
You're a good basketball player.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without Mary's help.
Tom likely doesn't know where I am.
You're a biochemist, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't understand what Mary said in French.
Tom left the room and went outside.
You'll understand it eventually.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom left his umbrella at our place.
You'll still do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom left Australia three years ago.
You'll never be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom learned French incredibly fast.
You'll need a permit to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom lay still with his eyes closed.
You'll have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary's spaghetti is the best he's ever tasted.
Tom knows very little about sports.
You'll have a chance to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't at home when he went to visit her.
Tom knows very little about Boston.
You'll get fired if you do that.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help John do that today.
Tom knows there's still work to do.
You'll do that today, won't you?
Tom said Mary was the only one who was able to do that.
Tom knows how to speak to children.
You'll do that later, won't you?
Tom said Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom knows he's supposed to do that.
You'll do that alone, won't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be afraid to do that.
Tom knows he's got to keep working.
You'll do that again, won't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to be the next one to do that.
Tom knows he needs to study French.
You'd better do that in a hurry.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the last one to do that.
Tom knows he made the right choice.
You'd be stupid if you did that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be forgiven for doing that.
Tom knows hardly anything about it.
You'd be foolish not to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be excused from doing that.
Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
You won't do that now, will you?
Tom said Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom knew I was supposed to do that.
You won't be allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that.
Tom kept me waiting for minutes.
You woke us up again last night.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that.
Tom kept me from joining the group.
You were surprised, weren't you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that.
Tom just told me he wasn't at home.
You were a soldier, weren't you?
Tom said Mary should've asked John to help her do that.
Tom just stood there looking at me.
You usually do that by yourself.
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that again.
Tom isn't willing to do that again.
You told us you'd do that again.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to be asleep.
You told us we couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might want to do that by himself.
Tom isn't the only one who's tired.
You still don't do that, do you?
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that inside.
Tom isn't sure what the problem is.
You shouldn't raise your prices.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that.
Tom isn't sure he wants to do that.
You should've done that with us.
Tom said Mary knew he might need to do that by himself.
Tom isn't sure he ought to do that.
You should go ahead and do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that by himself.
Tom isn't sure he needs to do that.
You sell coffee here, don't you?
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be in Boston.
You seem to know how to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John needs to do that.
Tom isn't living in Boston anymore.
You seem to be a strong swimmer.
Tom said Mary is the one responsible for what happened.
Tom isn't likely to be sleepy.
You said you enjoyed doing that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that tomorrow.
Tom isn't likely to be scared.
You promised to help us do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that to Alice.
Tom isn't likely to be lonely.
You promised that you'd do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will actually do that.
Tom isn't likely to be afraid.
You probably did that last year.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that to Alice.
Tom isn't interested in doing that.
You need to finish this by 2:30.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary to do that.
Tom isn't as rich as he says he is.
You need to do that by yourself.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wasn't at his party.
Tom is willing to do that for free.
You need to consider doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was in the hospital.
Tom is willing to buy that for you.
You must've done that last year.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants me to do that.
Tom is very sure he should do that.
You may get hurt if you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is tired or not.
Tom is very sure he has to do that.
You may do whatever you want to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can swim or not.
Tom is unable to refuse to do that.
You look like you're having fun.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom is too out of shape to do that.
You look like you might be sick.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has a crush on him.
Tom is too generous with his money.
You look like a friendly person.
Tom is the only one who seems to know why Mary is here.
Tom is the strongest person I know.
You look funny wearing that hat.
Tom has already told Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is the only person for the job.
You look about thirty years old.
Tom got a book down from the shelf and gave it to Mary.
Tom is the only person I can trust.
You look a lot like your mother.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to that.
Tom is the only one who'll do that.
You know you can't do that here.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom is the one that has to do that.
You helped us do that last year.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom is the new third grade teacher.
You have to do that by yourself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom is the first boy I ever kissed.
You have to consider doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be awake when he gets home.
Tom is the author of several books.
You enjoy doing that, don't you?
Tom doesn't think Mary has any intention of doing that.
Tom is supposed to stop doing that.
You don't still do that, do you?
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is studying at this university.
You don't seem to enjoy jogging.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to help her.
Tom is still waiting for his check.
You don't often do that, do you?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at French or not.
Tom is still unpacking his clothes.
You don't need to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom is still determined to do that.
You don't look like you're sick.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is still alive, I'm sure of it.
You don't look like you're done.
Tom didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
Tom is someone who speaks his mind.
You don't look like you're busy.
Tom didn't think Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom is someone we all looked up to.
You did that exceptionally well.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom is slated to return in October.
You couldn't do that, could you?
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at skiing or not.
Tom is shivering because it's cold.
You could've done that yourself.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at French or not.
Tom is rereading his favorite book.
You appear unwilling to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could speak French or not.
Tom is reluctant to try to do that.
You almost did that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know what Mary was going to make for dinner.
Tom is reluctant to do that for us.
Would you please let me do that?
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to donate some money.
Tom is quite likely doing that now.
Would you please do that for me?
Tom couldn't wait to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom is quite a guitarist, you know.
Would you open the gate, please?
Tom broke up with Mary and has started going out Alice.
Tom is probably off his meds again.
Would you open the door, please?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John wouldn't do that.
Tom is probably not having any fun.
Would you mind signing a waiver?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would kiss Alice.
Tom is outside waiting in the rain.
Would you mind doing that later?
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to help John.
Tom is on a hike with some friends.
Would you lock the gate, please?
Tom asked Mary why she didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom is now learning how to do that.
Would you lock the door, please?
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted him to pick her up.
Tom is never late for appointments.
Would you be willing to do that?
Tom asked Mary to help him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom is married to a Canadian woman.
Won't you please let me do that?
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that by herself.
Tom is married and lives in Boston.
Won't you please do that for me?
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that anymore.
Tom is majoring in music education.
Will you teach French next year?
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that by herself.
Tom is lucky he didn't get injured.
Will you study French next year?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John wanted to do that.
Tom is lucky he can still stand up.
Will you please pass the butter?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John needed to do that.
Tom is likely to still be confused.
Will you please open the window?
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what she had to do.
Tom is likely to regret doing that.
Will you meet us at the airport?
Tom and I both fell in love with Mary at the same time.
Tom is likely to refuse to do that.
Will you be in Boston on Monday?
Tom advised Mary to come back home as soon as possible.
Tom is likely to be retired by now.
Will you be doing that tomorrow?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
Will we be permitted to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to be doing that now.
Why would I be afraid of anyone?
I think Tom wouldn't be as frightened as Mary would be.
Tom is likely doing that right now.
Why were you left alone at home?
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is likely be afraid to do that.
Why don't you want to buy a car?
I think Tom will be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Boston this morning.
Why do you need to go to Boston?
I think Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is learning to ride a tricycle.
Why do you need another bicycle?
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was going to do that.
Tom is learning how to do that now.
Why do you have to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is in the garden pulling weeds.
Why do I need to be there early?
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom is immensely popular on campus.
Why did you not want to do that?
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom is having a hard time speaking.
Why aren't you wearing a jacket?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Tom is happiest when he's swimming.
Why aren't you going to do that?
Did you know that Tom thought that John was Mary's son?
Tom is going to be very successful.
Who told you you had to do that?
You didn't know Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom is giving us what we asked for.
Who told you I wouldn't do that?
Tom would've done that for Mary if he'd had more time.
Tom is feeling stronger these days.
Who told you I couldn't do that?
Tom would never have done that if Mary had been there.
Tom is feeling a little bit better.
Who do you usually do that with?
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom is doing his best to stay calm.
Who do you think we should hire?
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom is disabled and unable to work.
Who asked you to come to Boston?
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is determined to get that done.
Which store did you buy that at?
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom is determined to do that today.
Where did you put the newspaper?
Tom was sure Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is determined to do that again.
Where can I buy some toothpaste?
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't love her.
Tom is currently working in Boston.
When will you go to Boston next?
Tom told me that he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is coming to Boston next month.
What's your French teacher like?
Tom told Mary that she should make herself a sandwich.
Tom is close to making that happen.
What's that building over there?
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom is busy and can't help you now.
What time does the library open?
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be back soon.
Tom is both rich and very generous.
What kind of sports do you like?
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't intelligent.
Tom is boiling eggs in the kitchen.
What kind of people do you like?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was self-conscious.
Tom is better today than yesterday.
What kind of exercise do you do?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impatient.
Tom is better off than ever before.
What exactly do you want to buy?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dishonest.
Tom is always using his smartphone.
What did that sound like to you?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was depressed.
Tom is also not a very good singer.
Were you really able to do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dangerous.
Tom is already in Boston, isn't he?
We've all done that a few times.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was conceited.
Tom is almost never home on Monday.
We'll be in Boston next weekend.
Tom told Mary not to do that, but she did that anyway.
Tom is allowed to do what he wants.
We won't go to Boston next week.
Tom thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom is afraid to swim in this lake.
We weren't married at that time.
Tom thought Mary would be drunk, but she seemed sober.
Tom is afraid to refuse to do that.
We watched a movie about aliens.
Tom thought Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom is a man who likes a challenge.
We stood at the end of the line.
Tom thought Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is a lot like I was at his age.
We should've left Boston sooner.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom is a former family court judge.
We should go to Boston together.
Tom thinks Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is a fairly good backup singer.
We seldom see ducks around here.
Tom should've told Mary not to go to Boston with John.
Tom is a doctor like his father is.
We never see wolves around here.
Tom should've been grateful for what Mary did for him.
Tom is a disabled military veteran.
We might study French next year.
Tom should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Tom is a coward and always will be.
We may be in Boston next winter.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom is a better man than I thought.
We have to pay these bills soon.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom intends to come back to Boston.
We don't work in Boston anymore.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
Tom insisted on my paying the bill.
We did some shopping on the way.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom insisted on finishing the game.
We can't live in Boston anymore.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom injured his elbow when he fell.
We can't go to Boston this week.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom inherited his uncle's property.
We can do that here if you want.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom hurt himself trying to do that.
Was it you who broke the window?
Tom should probably not tell Mary about what happened.
Tom hurried so he wouldn't be late.
Today's a good day for a picnic.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom hung up without saying goodbye.
Three of my toes were amputated.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom hitched the trailer to his car.
This time of year is always hot.
Tom says he wants to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom hasn't told me why he did that.
This is a good place to do that.
Tom says he knows Mary will have to help John do that.
Tom hasn't lost a match all season.
This is a book I'd like to read.
Tom says he knows Mary will have to do that next week.
Tom hasn't given any other details.
They want to know what happened.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she needs to do that.
Tom hasn't dropped out of the race.
They say it gets very cold here.
Tom says he hopes Mary is willing to do that with him.
Tom hasn't done that since October.
There's no easy way out of here.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she has to do that.
Tom hasn't done that in three days.
The two of us did that together.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom hasn't been to Boston in years.
The road up ahead is washed out.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Boston.
Tom hasn't been seen since October.
The mosquitoes didn't bother me.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom hasn't been named as a suspect.
That'll likely happen next week.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom hasn't been here since October.
That would really make me happy.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom hasn't asked even one question.
That water is not safe to drink.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom hasn't asked a single question.
That was easier than I expected.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't do that on time.
Tom hasn't actually ever done that.
That plan never would've worked.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually do that.
Tom hasn't actually been to Boston.
That doesn't seem to bother you.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to move to Boston.
Tom has won the trophy three times.
Shouldn't you be doing that now?
Tom says he didn't know Mary had to help John do that.
Tom has told me I ought to do that.
Sales have increased percent.
Tom says he didn't know Mary could do that by herself.
Tom has to be the one who did that.
Please try not to do that again.
Tom says he and Mary sometimes go to the zoo together.
Tom has spent some time doing that.
Please tell me how you did that.
Tom says he and Mary almost never take walks together.
Tom has some very talented friends.
Please show me how you did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that to you.
Tom has some experience doing that.
Please don't be late for dinner.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that yesterday.
Tom has so much to look forward to.
Please do that today if you can.
Tom said that Mary would do that as soon as she could.
Tom has since moved back to Boston.
Please do that anytime you like.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working as waitress anymore.
Tom has said he intends to do that.
Park Street needs to be repaved.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to do that by herself.
Tom has run some really good races.
Our troubles are only beginning.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be fun.
Tom has released three solo albums.
Our luck will eventually change.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be boring.
Tom has read that book three times.
Our demands aren't unreasonable.
Tom said that Mary should do that as soon as possible.
Tom has proven us wrong many times.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that with John.
Tom has promised to do that for us.
No one pays any attention to me.
Tom said that Mary has been very happy here in Boston.
Tom has probably gone home already.
Neither of us wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Tom has plenty of his own problems.
My suitcase is still in my room.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has played a lot of basketball.
My shoes don't fit me very well.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom has no trouble speaking French.
My project won the science fair.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom has no choice but to surrender.
My plan saved us a lot of money.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary the chance to do that.
Tom has never taught French before.
My phone rang, but I ignored it.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom has never done that by himself.
My patience has finally run out.
Tom said he thought he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom has never attempted to do that.
My parents are older than yours.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom has never asked me to help him.
My parents are both from Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom has never asked for my support.
My mother bought me a new skirt.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that.
Tom has made some very bad choices.
My last year in Boston was 2013.
Tom said he saw Mary waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom has made his share of mistakes.
My injuries aren't very serious.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom has lived in Boston ever since.
My grades haven't improved much.
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom has led a pretty exciting life.
My friends tried to cheer me up.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom has just had his teeth cleaned.
My first day of work was Monday.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that again.
Tom has just been named head coach.
My father died when I was three.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that outside.
Tom has his good days and bad days.
My car's parked just over there.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that anymore.
Tom has had a very successful year.
My business is doing quite well.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that again.
Tom has given me a lot of guidance.
My brothers are still in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary what happened.
Tom has finally learned to do that.
My bicycle was stolen yesterday.
Tom said he didn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom has finally decided to do that.
My band will be playing tonight.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that again.
Tom has experience teaching French.
My apartment has three bedrooms.
Tom said Mary was too young to get a driver's license.
Tom has even traveled to Australia.
Monday will likely be a hot day.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help you do that today.
Tom has enough problems of his own.
Let's do that together sometime.
Tom said Mary was too old to go out dancing all night.
Tom has done that more than I have.
Let's do that as much as we can.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help John do that today.
Tom has done that again, hasn't he?
It's tomorrow that I'll do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that.
Tom has definitely been very lucky.
It's probably OK not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that.
Tom has decided to stop doing that.
It's no use doing that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about what happened.
It's little too late to do that.
Tom said Mary should've asked John to do that for her.
Tom has decided to keep doing that.
It's an excellent idea, I think.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom has decided to do that instead.
It'll be interesting to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that.
Tom has decided that he'll do that.
It would be wise not to do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still determined to do that.
Tom has decided against doing that.
It would be rude to do that now.
Tom said Mary hasn't yet been punished for doing that.
Tom has been trying to help me out.
It would be romantic to do that.
Tom said Mary has been having fun hanging out with us.
Tom has been to all of my concerts.
It would be possible to do that.
Tom said Mary has always been pretty good at swimming.
Tom has been struggling to do that.
It wasn't hot in Boston, was it?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to do this morning.
Tom has been singing all afternoon.
It takes a long time to do that.
Tom probably won't be able to do that as well as Mary.
Tom has been sick since last night.
It looks like you want to leave.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is in the hospital.
Tom has been nominated three times.
It doesn't look like you're mad.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is busy or not.
Tom has been moved to another cell.
Is there any peanut butter left?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary bought her dress.
Tom has been learning how to drive.
Is there a safer way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary expects him to do.
Tom has been in jail several times.
Is it dangerous to do that here?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom has been fired from three jobs.
If you're hungry, eat something.
Tom probably doesn't know if Mary will do that or not.
Tom has been doing that since 2013.
If you want to do that, you may.
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary managed to do that.
Tom has been diagnosed with cancer.
I'm sure that Tom would be willing to do that for you.
Tom isn't positive that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom has been caught cheating again.
I've spent some time doing that.
Tom is lucky that Mary is still be willing to do that.
Tom has been beaten up three times.
I've read that book three times.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that until he gets there.
Tom has been accused of doing that.
I've only tried doing that once.
Tom gave Mary detailed instructions on how to do that.
Tom has been a really good manager.
I've only done that three times.
Tom doesn't think there is any way Mary could do that.
Tom has been a fugitive since 2013.
I've just bought a new computer.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom has apparently been doing that.
I've had lots of fun doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be through doing that yet.
Tom has always been taller than me.
I've given up trying to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be at home this afternoon.
Tom has always been faster than me.
I've finally managed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom has always been a great player.
I've been waiting for some time.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wants to do that.
Tom has always been a great friend.
I've been trying to lose weight.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary needs to do that.
Tom has also said he won't do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
Tom has also said he can't do that.
I've always been good at sports.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to school today.
Tom has almost finished doing that.
I've already forgotten his name.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom has a wonderful sense of humor.
I've already decided to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary needs to do that or not.
Tom has a wife and three daughters.
I'm willing to do that for free.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at chess or not.
Tom has a very good sense of humor.
I'm willing to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can speak French or not.
Tom has a piano lesson once a week.
I'm very sure I need to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom has a great deal of experience.
I'm usually too busy to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has a good knowledge of French.
I'm too young to go there alone.
Tom didn't think it would be safe for Mary to do that.
Tom has a daughter who's a teacher.
I'm too out of shape to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom had to have open-heart surgery.
I'm really glad I could do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom had to have open heart surgery.
I'm probably not as rich as you.
Tom didn't think Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom had to do a lot of apologizing.
I'm not sure that's what I need.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that without some help.
Tom had no intention of doing that.
I'm not ready to do that either.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary had to do that.
Tom had no choice but to surrender.
I'm not finished doing that yet.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't do that.
Tom had never kissed a girl before.
I'm looking for a temporary job.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom had his reasons for doing that.
I'm hoping we can do that today.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom had his eyes checked last week.
I'm hoping I can graduate early.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at chess or not.
Tom had butterflies in his stomach.
I'm glad I was asked to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom had a very tough time adapting.
I'm driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to live on Park Street.
Tom had a stunned look on his face.
I'm certain that that'll happen.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that today.
Tom had a good reason to celebrate.
I'll try to do that before 2:30.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
Tom greeted his guests at the door.
I'll be glad to do that for you.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom got up much earlier than usual.
I'd rather watch something else.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go to Boston with him.
Tom got there thirty minutes early.
I'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom and Mary played tennis together all day yesterday.
Tom got the punishment he deserved.
I'd like you to help me do that.
Tom and Mary have known each other since kindergarten.
Tom got into the car and drove off.
I'd do that again if I were you.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what they needed to do.
Tom got hurt in the game yesterday.
I'd be grateful if you did that.
Tom and John are Mary's brothers. Alice is her sister.
Tom got exactly what he wished for.
I'd be glad to teach you French.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary said he had to do.
Tom goes to a school for the blind.
I'd be glad to buy that for you.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom gets up at 6:in the morning.
I wouldn't want to do that here.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
Tom generally does that on Mondays.
I wouldn't like to do that here.
I think that Tom visited Boston with Mary last spring.
Tom gave us quite a lot of trouble.
I wouldn't be afraid to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom gave us food when we needed it.
I worked there for three months.
I didn't know that Tom's house was so close to Mary's.
Tom gave us exactly what we needed.
I work for an insurance company.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were married to each other.
Tom gave me some very sound advice.
I wonder who'll help us do that.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you why Mary did that.
Tom fumbled around in the darkness.
I wonder who could've done that.
Does Tom have a good relationship with Mary's parents?
Tom found out what the problem was.
I wonder if it's fun to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were John's grandparents?
Tom forgot his umbrella on the bus.
I won't show you how to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary often do that together?
Tom fixed the flat tire by himself.
I won't have to do that anymore.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom first did that three years ago.
I won't go eat out this evening.
Tom wondered if Mary still remembered how to do that.
Tom finished doing that last month.
I won't ever go to Boston again.
Tom won't likely tell Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom finished doing that by himself.
I won't do that tomorrow either.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom filled up the hole in the wall.
I won't be doing that by myself.
Tom won't likely be as excited about that as Mary is.
Tom faces three charges of assault.
I wish you would come to Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom faces a possible life sentence.
I wish we'd gone to Boston, too.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom expressed his thanks to us all.
I wish we hadn't gone to Boston.
Tom will probably be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom eventually went back to Boston.
I wish we hadn't come to Boston.
Tom will likely be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom enjoyed himself at the concert.
I wish I'd never visited Boston.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom ended up doing that last night.
I wish I hadn't done what I did.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't do that.
Tom ended up doing that by himself.
I wish I had someone to talk to.
Tom was able to do that with a little help from Mary.
Tom earned his living as a teacher.
I wish I didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that I'm quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom earned his doctorate in Boston.
I wish I could do that with you.
Tom told Mary why it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine.
I wish I could buy that for you.
Tom told Mary which dress he thought she should wear.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be any fun.
I wasn't sure where I should go.
Tom told Mary to come back home as soon as she could.
Tom doing that would be a bad idea.
I wasn't rich enough to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't want us to do that now.
I wasn't in any rush to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't prejudiced.
Tom doesn't want to do that either.
I wasn't hungry when I got home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't aggressive.
Tom doesn't think we could do that.
I was told to do that by myself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was overconfident.
Tom doesn't think I should do that.
I was told not to do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in his office.
Tom doesn't study French every day.
I was thinking about doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been arrested.
Tom doesn't still do that, does he?
I was the only one who did that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was mistaken.
Tom doesn't speak French every day.
I was in Boston again last week.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impolite.
Tom doesn't seem to be very sleepy.
I was happy to buy that for you.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was handsome.
Tom doesn't really want to do that.
I was going to help you do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was creative.
Tom doesn't really need to do that.
I was annoyed by the loud noise.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was annoying.
Tom doesn't really have to do that.
I wanted you to help me do that.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't permit her to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he's lost.
I wanted to stay in Boston, too.
Tom told Mary John couldn't do that without his help.
Tom doesn't realize what he's done.
I wanted to go outside and play.
Tom thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't need any of this stuff.
I wanted to go home early today.
Tom thought Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't look too worried to me.
I wanted to go camping with you.
Tom thinks Mary won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't look like he's unhappy.
I want to visit Boston sometime.
Tom thinks Mary won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't listen to his teachers.
I want to start my own business.
Tom thinks Mary will be here for three or four hours.
Tom doesn't like the way you dance.
I want to learn to speak French.
Tom thinks Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Tom doesn't like the way I do that.
I want to go to graduate school.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that with John and him.
Tom doesn't like spinach very much.
I want to go to Boston sometime.
Tom shouldn't have done that without Mary's approval.
Tom doesn't like it when I do that.
I want to finish what I'm doing.
Tom should tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom doesn't know why that happened.
I want to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom should probably tell Mary why she should do that.
Tom doesn't know a lot about music.
I want to be at today's meeting.
Tom should probably tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom doesn't know a lot about birds.
I want to be a helicopter pilot.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he needs her help.
Tom doesn't have very many options.
I usually don't carry much cash.
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom doesn't have to do that either.
I turned off the overhead light.
Tom should probably not tell Mary to do that for him.
Tom doesn't have time to get bored.
I thought you didn't have a dog.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted to be alone.
Tom doesn't have that many options.
I thought you didn't have a car.
Tom says he wants to give Mary the chance to do that.
Tom doesn't have many weekends off.
I thought it was fun doing that.
Tom says he thinks Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't have any strength left.
I think it would be fun to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have a high-paying job.
I think that we have to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she should do that.
Tom doesn't gamble, drink or smoke.
I think it'll be worth the wait.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she has to do that.
Tom doesn't feel he has to do that.
I think it'll be fun to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary is willing to do that for him.
Tom doesn't even know that I exist.
I think doing that would be fun.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom doesn't do that at all anymore.
I think I'd be quiet doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom doesn't do anything on Mondays.
I think I'd be happy doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't believe you'll do that.
I think I need to do that today.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that.
I think I don't have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be too tired.
I think I can do that by myself.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be too happy.
I swear I won't do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom doesn't appear to be surprised.
I suggest that you visit Boston.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would be at the meeting.
Tom does whatever we ask him to do.
I still haven't cleaned my room.
Tom says he and Mary hardly ever go cycling together.
Tom does whatever he's asked to do.
I still do that once in a while.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that by himself.
Tom does that every day but Monday.
I speak both French and English.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that to Alice.
Tom does that every Monday morning.
I sometimes do things like that.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John actually did that.
Tom does that every Monday evening.
I shouldn't have had to do that.
Tom said that Mary said John wanted to do that today.
Tom does take a walk every morning.
I shouldn't have gone to Boston.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that with you.
Tom does nothing but eat and sleep.
I shouldn't have come to Boston.
Tom said that Mary didn't really know how to do that.
Tom discovered how to open the box.
I should've worn a heavier coat.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary wants to do that.
Tom discouraged me from doing that.
I should've trusted my instinct.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary needs to do that.
Tom dipped his spoon into the soup.
I should've gotten here earlier.
Tom said he wasn't sure if Mary could do that or not.
Tom died suddenly at the age of 30.
I should've done that last week.
Tom said he was going to ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom died sometime during the night.
I should've been more organized.
Tom said he wanted Mary to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom died of stomach cancer in 2013.
I should've been here yesterday.
Tom said he thought that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom died of natural causes in 2013.
I should've been at the meeting.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom died of a heart attack in 2013.
I should be in Boston this week.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom died late last month at age 30.
I should be helping you do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom died in a shootout with the police.
I scarcely ever do that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that today.
Tom died in of natural causes.
I said that I wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom died in of a heart attack.
I remember doing that somewhere.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom died in in a car accident.
I really want to come to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom died in from tuberculosis.
I really regret going to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
I really don't have much choice.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom didn't want to go there by bus.
I realized I was being followed.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to do that anymore.
I often help out in the kitchen.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom didn't want me to speak French.
I need to go to the post office.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom didn't think you would do that.
I need to finish what I'm doing.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think you could do that.
I need to be in Boston all week.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom didn't think he should do that.
I need to be at today's meeting.
Tom said he didn't remember exactly where Mary lived.
Tom didn't think he had to do that.
I must be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said he didn't know if Mary could do that or not.
Tom didn't seem to want to do that.
I might not go to work tomorrow.
Tom said he and Mary played tennis yesterday morning.
Tom didn't seem to know what to do.
I made this same mistake before.
Tom said Mary would probably not know how to do that.
Tom didn't seem like himself today.
I looked at my appointment book.
Tom said Mary would probably be reluctant to do that.
Tom didn't say what you say he did.
I looked around, but saw no one.
Tom said Mary wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom didn't really give me a chance.
I looked around the locker room.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help you do that today.
Tom didn't practice much last week.
I looked around at my coworkers.
Tom said Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom didn't mean to do that, did he?
I like to do that in the summer.
Tom said Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom didn't know who he could trust.
I know you won't do that for me.
Tom said Mary was the one responsible for doing that.
Tom didn't know about the accident.
I know you want to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary was thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom didn't get a chance to do that.
I know you need to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom didn't expect to do that again.
I know why you're in a bad mood.
Tom said Mary was likely to be determined to do that.
Tom didn't even apologize for that.
I know what your car looks like.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could help John do that.
Tom didn't do what he wanted to do.
I know what you do for a living.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could do that with John.
Tom didn't deserve to lose his job.
I know we'll be able to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that today.
Tom did what we expected him to do.
I know this is important to you.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that.
Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I know this is how it has to be.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that.
Tom did that very enthusiastically.
I know there's still work to do.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that.
Tom did that until the day he died.
I know that you're disappointed.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that.
Tom did that the old fashioned way.
I know that you're conservative.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about what she did.
Tom did that in a very similar way.
I know that you want to do that.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about the accident.
Tom did that in Boston last summer.
I know that you need to do that.
Tom said Mary needs to do that before John gets here.
Tom did that because I told him to.
I know that you have to do that.
Tom said Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom did everything we asked of him.
I know how to get to your place.
Tom said Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Tom devoted a lot of time to study.
I know I'm going to be punished.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that.
Tom definitely won't do that again.
I know I'm going to be arrested.
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that.
Tom definitely deserves to be here.
I know I shouldn't do that here.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John has to do that.
Tom dedicated his life to teaching.
I know I don't have much choice.
Tom said Mary is probably still waiting in the lobby.
Tom dedicated his life to medicine.
I knew I was being photographed.
Tom said Mary is probably still reluctant to do that.
Tom decided to continue doing that.
I knew I didn't have to do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still motivated to do that.
Tom cut the cake into eight pieces.
I just can't come to Boston now.
Tom said Mary has never been to a Mexican restaurant.
Tom cut some branches off the tree.
I intend to do that from now on.
Tom said Mary has been trying to do that all morning.
Tom couldn't stop saying thank you.
I hope we'll be able to do that.
Tom said Mary has been in the hospital since October.
Tom could've been more cooperative.
I held the rope with both hands.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will really do that.
Tom could teach you how to do that.
I haven't taken out the garbage.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that to you.
Tom could no longer stand the pain.
I haven't read the instructions.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that to you.
Tom could get fired if he did that.
I haven't played chess recently.
Tom refused to do what Mary told him he needed to do.
Tom could face up to $in fines.
I haven't done that much lately.
Tom promised he'd go to Boston with Mary next Monday.
Tom could be in Boston next Monday.
I have no reason not to do that.
Tom probably knows where Mary plans to go to college.
Tom could be determined to do that.
I have no plans to visit Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom considered the offer carefully.
I had no trouble falling asleep.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't like dogs.
Tom comes from a close-knit family.
I get up at 6:on school days.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary called the police.
Tom closed the store and went home.
I forbid you to leave the house.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom claims that doesn't bother him.
I finished doing that last week.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to college.
Tom can't have been a good student.
I filled both glasses with wine.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom can't go to Boston this summer.
I felt a sharp pain in my chest.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom can't come to Boston this year.
I don't watch TV in the morning.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary doesn't like him.
Tom can't be accused of not trying.
I don't want you to do that now.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom can probably understand French.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
Tom pretty much always does the same thing Mary does.
Tom can play the bassoon very well.
I don't want to talk about work.
Tom must've thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom came to talk to me last Monday.
I don't want to stay any longer.
Tom knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom came to see me in the hospital.
I don't want to speak to anyone.
Tom is the one standing next to Mary in this picture.
Tom came to Boston a lot last year.
I don't want to speak in French.
Tom is the man standing next to Mary in this picture.
Tom came to Australia as a refugee.
I don't want to lose my license.
Tom is sure Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom brushed the dust off his pants.
I don't want to go to Australia.
Tom has told Mary that she isn't required to do that.
Tom brushed the dirt off his pants.
I don't want to go there by bus.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom blew on his hands to warm them.
I don't want to go back to jail.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom blames his failure on bad luck.
I don't want to do that tonight.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom believed that he could do that.
I don't want to buy a new piano.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be miserable doing that.
Tom begged me to do that carefully.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in Boston next winter.
Tom backed the car into the garage.
I don't usually walk to the gym.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here until after 2:30.
Tom asked what he could do to help.
I don't think we did that right.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom asked me if I had a girlfriend.
I don't think Mary is beautiful.
Tom doesn't think Mary really could do that, does he?
Tom apparently should've done that.
I don't think I'll ever do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom apologized a few moments later.
I don't think I'll do that here.
Tom doesn't really think that Mary did that, does he?
Tom answered some of the questions.
I don't think I want to do that.
Tom doesn't really think Mary could do that, does he?
Tom and I'll get married next year.
I don't think I need a new coat.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom and I work out at the same gym.
I don't think I have to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want me to do that.
Tom and I work at the same factory.
I don't think I can do that now.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom and I won't be getting married.
I don't see why I can't go, too.
Tom doesn't have to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom and I weren't completely alone.
I don't regret doing what I did.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
Tom and I were the first ones here.
I don't recommend that approach.
Tom didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
Tom and I were sitting in the back.
I don't really have much choice.
Tom didn't tell Mary about the job he'd been offered.
Tom and I were in Boston last week.
I don't really enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary was doing that.
Tom and I were angry at each other.
I don't really care what you do.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary should do that.
Tom and I went to the zoo together.
I don't often do that on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary had to do that.
Tom and I went to a movie together.
I don't often do that by myself.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want John to do that.
Tom and I wear the same size shoes.
I don't need to work on Mondays.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was able do that or not.
Tom and I took a walk on the beach.
I don't need to wait any longer.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom and I teach at the same school.
I don't need to decide that now.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to be a ballet dancer.
Tom and I talked about the weather.
I don't like traveling by plane.
Tom bought a house not too far from where Mary lives.
Tom and I soon became best friends.
I don't like to get my feet wet.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom and I often go hiking together.
I don't like to be made to wait.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom and I no longer see eye to eye.
I don't like to be contradicted.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to do that.
Tom and I live on different floors.
I don't like this kind of movie.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that again.
Tom and I haven't been dating long.
I don't like that kind of stuff.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that again.
Tom and I have three grandchildren.
I don't like speaking in public.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John taught French to.
Tom and I have the same hair color.
I don't like sitting in traffic.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John went to school.
Tom and I have the same color eyes.
I don't know who that person is.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on where they should eat.
Tom and I have something in common.
I don't know who broke the door.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom and I have both studied French.
I don't know where I need to go.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom and I have a good relationship.
I don't know where I have to go.
I'm sure Tom will never permit Mary to do that again.
Tom and I hardly ever eat together.
I don't know what I ought to do.
I'm sure Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom and I had to postpone our trip.
I don't know what I need to buy.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom and I had a nice time together.
I don't know much about sailing.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to show Mary how to do that.
Tom and I had a good time together.
I don't know how to write songs.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
Tom and I had a fight this morning.
I don't know how to write poems.
I think Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom and I got everything we needed.
I don't know how to milk a goat.
I think Tom is the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
Tom and I drove to Boston together.
I don't know how to do that yet.
I think Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
Tom and I don't talk to each other.
I don't know a lot about Boston.
I think Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I don't know what happened.
I don't intend to pay that much.
I think Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
Tom and I don't get along too well.
I don't intend do that tomorrow.
I hope Tom knows he has do what Mary tells him to do.
Tom and I didn't agree on anything.
I don't have to work on Mondays.
I have no objection to Tom going to Boston with Mary.
Tom and I bought matching T-shirts.
I don't have to go there myself.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
Tom and I attended the same school.
I don't have to decide that now.
I didn't know that Tom was studying French with Mary.
Tom and I arrived at the same time.
I don't have much time to waste.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you where Mary lives.
Tom and I aren't going to help you.
I don't have any of the details.
Didn't you know Tom was going to the dance with Mary?
Tom and I aren't going to be there.
I don't have a whole lot to say.
Did you know that Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Tom and I are not on the same team.
I don't have a driver's license.
Did you know Tom and Mary were married to each other?
Tom and I apologized to each other.
I don't go to school by the bus.
Could it have been Tom who stole Mary's diamond ring?
Tom always seems to be sympathetic.
I don't go to church very often.
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that yesterday.
Tom always had a smile on his face.
I don't go to Boston very often.
Tom would've been worried if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom always does that in the summer.
I don't feel the same way you do.
Tom wondered who Mary expected to come to her party.
Tom almost never does that anymore.
I don't care if my car is dirty.
Tom wondered what Mary could do that he couldn't do.
Tom almost always wears suspenders.
I don't care about that anymore.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom actually tried to do that once.
I don't blame you for being mad.
Tom won't likely be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom's trial will begin in October.
I don't always do what I'm told.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom's shop opened on October 20th.
I don't actually live in Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom's life will never be the same.
I do that three hours every day.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom's last day of work was Monday.
I didn't want to seem desperate.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to ride a horse.
Tom's killer has never been found.
I didn't want to read that book.
Tom was the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom's injury seems to have healed.
I didn't want to move to Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he would do that.
Tom hopes to live there someday.
I didn't want to go to the park.
Tom told Mary why it would be a bad idea to do that.
Tom's first reaction was to laugh.
I didn't want to go to the lake.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be likely to do that.
Tom's explanation was interesting.
I didn't want to go there alone.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom's dog scared off the intruder.
I didn't want to go any further.
Tom told Mary that he was troubled by what happened.
Tom's death couldn't be explained.
I didn't want to do that myself.
Tom told Mary that he was amused by what was going on.
Tom's contract runs out this year.
I didn't want to do it that way.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't depressed.
Tom's contract is for three years.
I didn't want to be interrupted.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't dangerous.
Tom's best pitch is his curveball.
I didn't want anything to drink.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't conceited.
Tom wouldn't permit us to do that.
I didn't want anyone to hear me.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in the attic.
Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
I didn't think you'd understand.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disorganized.
Tom wouldn't care if you did that.
I didn't think you'd be nervous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disappointed.
Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think you'd be jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had lost his job.
Tom would be miserable doing that.
I didn't think you were jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gotten fired.
Tom would be fired if he did that.
I didn't think I'd get punished.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been prudent.
Tom would be fined if he did that.
I didn't think I'd get arrested.
Tom told Mary that he never wanted to do that again.
Tom won't likely be in Boston now.
I didn't think I should do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was healthy.
Tom won't likely be home tomorrow.
I didn't think I had to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to find a higher-paying job.
Tom won't likely be here tomorrow.
I didn't take a bath last night.
Tom thought Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom won't likely be desperate yet.
I didn't really need to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom won't know the answer to that.
I didn't really have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if she'd been invited.
Tom won't keep me from doing that.
I didn't realize I had to leave.
Tom thinks Mary won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom won't have to do that anymore.
I didn't plan on going with you.
Tom thinks Mary won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom won't do that if it's raining.
I didn't pay my rent last month.
Tom thinks Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
I didn't need to wait very long.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that tomorrow evening.
Tom won't be permitted to do that.
I didn't like that movie at all.
Tom thinks Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I didn't know you were sleeping.
Tom thinks Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom won't be able to do that here.
I didn't know you enjoyed opera.
Tom still doesn't know the reason why Mary did that.
Tom will work in Boston next year.
I didn't know who I could trust.
Tom should've waited until Mary got here to do that.
Tom will probably be undependable.
I didn't know which way to turn.
Tom should tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom will probably be back by 2:30.
I didn't know which bus to take.
Tom should probably tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom will never promise to do that.
I didn't know where I should go.
Tom should probably tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I didn't know what we should do.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom will have to do that tomorrow.
I didn't know quite what to say.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom will do that without any help.
I didn't know anything about it.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's going to do that.
Tom will do that with us tomorrow.
I didn't intend to stay so long.
Tom should probably tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom will do that for you, I think.
I didn't have to wait very long.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom will do that even if it rains.
I didn't have to do that either.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I didn't have time to eat lunch.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom will be here to do that later.
I didn't have dinner last night.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary needed to do that.
Tom will be determined to do that.
I didn't get on the right train.
Tom says that when he did that, Mary started crying.
Tom will be able to come tomorrow.
I didn't get home till midnight.
Tom says he's heard that Mary wanted to change jobs.
Tom wasn't the one who complained.
I didn't fulfill my obligations.
Tom says he knows Mary can't speak French very well.
Tom wasn't sure he should do that.
I didn't feel much like smiling.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she has to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he had to do that.
I didn't feel like eating lunch.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who's going to do that.
Tom wasn't in any rush to do that.
I didn't expect to win the race.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom wasn't afraid to speak French.
I didn't expect to fall in love.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom was very concerned about that.
I didn't exactly tell the truth.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will want to do that.
Tom was unenthusiastic about that.
I didn't do what I wanted to do.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will need to do that.
Tom was troubled by what happened.
I didn't do what I needed to do.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will have to do that.
Tom was too frightened to do that.
I didn't do that quickly enough.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom was told he shouldn't do that.
I didn't ask any more questions.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom was the only one who did that.
I didn't answer either question.
Tom says he doesn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom was the one chosen to do that.
I did that the same way you did.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary wants to help her.
Tom was the first one to be fired.
I did that once with my friends.
Tom says he can't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom was my best friend in college.
I did that in spite of the rain.
Tom says he and Mary played chess yesterday morning.
Tom was just thirteen at the time.
I couldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom says he and Mary often play tennis after school.
Tom was in Boston three weeks ago.
I could get fired if I did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that yesterday.
Tom was doing that here yesterday.
I could get fined if I did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that for Alice.
Tom was a bachelor his whole life.
I changed the locks on my doors.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Tom warned me not to speak French.
I certainly won't do that again.
Tom said that Mary said she wanted to do that today.
Tom wants to work as a translator.
I can't tell you why I did that.
Tom said that Mary and John weren't married anymore.
Tom very seldom does that anymore.
I can't sing as well as you can.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary not to do that.
Tom usually takes a break at 2:30.
I can't show you how to do that.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he should do that.
Tom usually gets what he asks for.
I can't read without my glasses.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he had to do that.
Tom usually gets here around 2:30.
I can't meet you at the airport.
Tom said he's still getting text messages from Mary.
Tom used to enjoy teaching French.
I can't do everything by myself.
Tom said he'll probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom used to enjoy studying French.
I can't come to school tomorrow.
Tom said he'd be able to do that if Mary helped him.
Tom told us not to make any noise.
You can't be much older than I am.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom told us he would study French.
I can't afford to go to college.
Tom said he wished he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom told us he could speak French.
I can do that without your help.
Tom said he wished he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom told me you understood French.
I can do that in thirty minutes.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom told me why he needed my help.
I came in through the back door.
Tom said he wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom told me why he didn't do that.
I came here in order to do that.
Tom said he wanted Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom told me that you hate dancing.
I bought you something to drink.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom told me that he's unimpressed.
I bought a house in the suburbs.
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom told me that he's unconvinced.
I answered no to both questions.
Tom said he goes out with Mary at least once a week.
Tom told me that he's sympathetic.
I always knew you could do that.
Tom said he doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom told me that he's pessimistic.
I already know what I should do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that again.
Tom told me that he's intoxicated.
How was the picnic last weekend?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom told me that he's heartbroken.
How often do you use a computer?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary has to do that today.
Tom told me that he's discouraged.
How often do you go to the pool?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom told me that he was surprised.
How often do you go to concerts?
Tom said he doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
Tom told me that he was impressed.
How often do you eat vegetables?
Tom said he doesn't know if Mary can do that or not.
Tom told me he's ready to do that.
How often do you eat persimmons?
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom told me he'd do that tomorrow.
How often do you come to Boston?
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom told me I should study French.
How often are you late for work?
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom thought that we could do that.
How much water is in the bucket?
Tom said he didn't know why Mary refused to do that.
Tom thought I'd already done that.
How many trees are in your yard?
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be fascinated by that.
Tom thinks he should study French.
How many times will you do that?
Tom said Mary would probably be hesitant to do that.
Tom taught himself how to do that.
How many sandwiches do you want?
Tom said Mary was the only one who got here on time.
Tom taught French for a long time.
How many sandwiches did you eat?
Tom said Mary was still not very good at doing that.
Tom taught French for a few years.
How long will it take to repair?
Tom said Mary was likely to be waiting in the lobby.
Tom taught French a long time ago.
How do you plan to go to Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to be reluctant to do that.
Tom talked about his expectations.
Haven't you ever visited Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to be outside on the porch.
Tom swore that he'd never do that.
Get ready to do that right away.
Tom said Mary was likely to be motivated to do that.
Tom swims every day in the summer.
Everyone spoke at the same time.
Tom said Mary was likely to be desperate to do that.
Tom swears he won't do that again.
Don't forget to check the tires.
Tom said Mary was hoping you could do that with her.
Tom sure didn't do that very well.
Don't do that until I get there.
Tom said Mary was grateful for what you did for her.
Tom suggested we do that tomorrow.
Doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said Mary was going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom suggested that we not do that.
Doing that would probably be OK.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that.
Tom suggested that I study French.
Doing that would be interesting.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that.
Tom studied French for many years.
Doing that won't take much time.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that soon.
Tom stuck his head out the window.
Doing that likely won't be safe.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that soon.
Tom stood in the back of the room.
Doing that didn't make me happy.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John why she did that.
Tom still thinks it's a good idea.
Doing that did me a lot of good.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Tom still speaks French every day.
Does anything seem wrong to you?
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom still sometimes speaks French.
Do you want to do that tomorrow?
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom still refuses to speak French.
Do you understand sign language?
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that.
Tom still hasn't planted the corn.
Do you think you'd ever do that?
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that.
Tom still hasn't cleaned his room.
Do you think doing that was fun?
Tom said Mary knew John might need to do that today.
Tom still has an office in Boston.
Do you like to go to bookstores?
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that today.
Tom still doesn't want to do that.
Do you know what happened today?
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that.
Tom still doesn't need to do that.
Do you intend to come to Boston?
Tom said Mary is probably still hesitant to do that.
Tom still doesn't know what to do.
Do you have you camera with you?
Tom said Mary has been robbed more than three times.
Tom still doesn't have to do that.
Do you have any help doing that?
Tom said Mary has been asked not to do that anymore.
Tom still can't understand French.
Do you have a permit to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that with Alice.
Tom still can't do that very well.
Do you feel like doing that now?
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that by himself.
Tom started laughing hysterically.
Do you ever get sleepy in class?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she needed to do.
Tom spent his summer on the beach.
Do all teachers have to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't have a car she could depend on.
Tom spends a lot of money on wine.
Did you know that's from Boston?
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary was arrested.
Tom spends a lot of money on hats.
Did you know that was happening?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was ignoring him.
Tom sounds like a smart young man.
Did you have an afternoon snack?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom sounds like a really nice guy.
Could you please give me a hand?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is scared of him.
Tom sounds like a pretty nice guy.
Could you help me do that today?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is afraid of him.
Tom sounds like a pretty cool kid.
Can't someone else go to Boston?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom sounds a lot like his brother.
Can you come to Boston tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary studies French.
Tom sounded agitated on the phone.
Can we visit Boston next winter?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom sometimes goes to work by car.
Both of us want to visit Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary goes to school.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bus.
Both of us want to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary was looking for.
Tom sometimes cooks dinner for us.
Both of us need to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom sold his business and retired.
Both of us have to go to Boston.
Tom plans to spend his thirtieth birthday with Mary.
Tom slowly walked down the street.
Both of my parents are teachers.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom shouldn't have had to do that.
Be careful not to do that again.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he wasn't married.
Tom shouldn't be too hard to find.
Are you still unable to do that?
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he didn't do that.
Tom should've worn a heavier coat.
Are you still likely to do that?
Tom is likely to be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom should've done that years ago.
Are you still enjoying yourself?
Tom has told Mary that he isn't required to do that.
Tom should've done that last week.
Are you still afraid to do that?
Tom has finally managed to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom should've come to the meeting.
Are we still allowed to do that?
Tom has asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom should've bought some pencils.
Are there any fish in this pond?
Tom has already told Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom should've been sent to prison.
All three of us want to do that.
Tom has a T-shirt just like the one Mary is wearing.
Tom should've been more organized.
All three of us need to do that.
Tom found a stack of lottery tickets in Mary's room.
Tom should've been home on Monday.
All three of us have to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom should've been here yesterday.
"May I do that?" "Yes, you may."
Tom doesn't think that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom should try not to be so noisy.
Your suitcase looks very heavy.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit John to do that.
Tom should live in Boston with us.
Your performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom should be studying French now.
Your help isn't needed anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom should be out there right now.
Your designs are very original.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be permitted to do that.
Tom should be finished doing that.
Your arm needs to be amputated.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom should be charged with murder.
You're too young to drink beer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom should be able to do that now.
You're too young to buy liquor.
Tom doesn't think Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom shares an apartment with John.
You're too drunk to drive home.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom set the box down on the table.
You're the smartest man I know.
Tom doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom seldom forgets to do anything.
You're the smartest guy I know.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary has to do that.
Tom seldom drinks beer at parties.
You're the only one with a key.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until Mary tells him to.
Tom seldom buys expensive clothes.
You're the only drummer I know.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary has to do that or not.
Tom seems to want to study French.
You're not expected to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom seems to like teaching French.
You're a very good-looking guy.
Tom does everything the way Mary tells him to do it.
Tom seems to like studying French.
You're a very good storyteller.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom seems to like speaking French.
You're a scientist, aren't you?
Tom didn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom seems to be feeling depressed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom seems to be afraid to do that.
You're a lot younger than I am.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary had done that.
Tom seems like an intelligent man.
You're a lot smarter than I am.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom seemed unconcerned about that.
You're a hard person to please.
Tom didn't know how much more money Mary would need.
Tom seemed to know how to do that.
You're a gun owner, aren't you?
Tom didn't know how much money Mary had in the bank.
Tom seemed to have figured it out.
You're a good basketball coach.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom seemed to be eager to do that.
You're a cat lover, aren't you?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would do that.
Tom seemed like a really good guy.
You're a bit younger than I am.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would be late.
Tom seemed like a nice enough guy.
You're a bit shorter than I am.
Tom asked Mary what time she needed him to be there.
Tom searched his bag for a pencil.
You're a bartender, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary if she'd be interested in doing that.
Tom scored points for our team.
You'll have to do that as well.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that for him.
Tom says things have gotten tough.
You'll get a chance to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew why John didn't like him.
Tom says that's his favorite book.
You'll do that, too, won't you?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John's birthday was.
Tom says that isn't a big problem.
You'll do that soon, won't you?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had to do that.
Tom says that he's a good student.
You'll do that again, I'm sure.
Tom and Mary live across the street from each other.
Tom says that he'll do that today.
You'll cook tonight, won't you?
Tom and Mary have decided to postpone their wedding.
Tom says that he wants to do that.
You'll be able to do that, too.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on where they should go.
Tom says it's too late to do that.
You'd fight back, wouldn't you?
Tom and I were talking about Mary just this morning.
Tom says it's time to take action.
You'd better do that carefully.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom says it's a risk worth taking.
You'd be fired if you did that.
The boy's name is Tom and his sister's name is Mary.
Tom says his stomach doesn't hurt.
You weren't hurt bad, were you?
I'm sure that Tom wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom says he's too busy to do that.
You want to do that, don't you?
I'm sure Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom says he's tired of doing that.
You sure were noisy last night.
I was surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
Tom says he's prepared to do that.
You shouldn't be in Boston now.
I think Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom says he's never taught French.
You should've done that sooner.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom says he'll study French today.
You should start getting ready.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can.
You should go outside and play.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
Tom says he'll do that by himself.
You should consider doing that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't like each other.
Tom says he won't need to do that.
You should admit your mistakes.
I didn't think Tom really did what Mary said he did.
Tom says he won't help us do that.
You seemed to enjoy doing that.
Didn't you know that Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom says he won't have to do that.
You saw us do that, didn't you?
Did you know that Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Tom says he won't do that for you.
You said you'd quit doing that.
You knew that Tom told Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom says he won't do that anymore.
You said you'd help us do that.
Tom, Mary and I went to the same elementary school.
Tom says he wants to speak French.
You said you'd help me do that.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't in her room, studying.
Tom says he wants to do that, too.
You really should visit Boston.
Tom wondered who Mary wanted at her birthday party.
Tom says he wants to be a teacher.
You promised to do that for us.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted him to park the car.
Tom says he tried to do that once.
You plan to do that, don't you?
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French so well.
Tom says he thinks he can do that.
You offered to help us do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom says he still does that a lot.
You need to think for yourself.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom says he plans to study French.
You need to do that more often.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom says he needs to study French.
You must not come here anymore.
Tom will probably tell Mary to look out the window.
Tom says he likes teaching French.
You must be tempted to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he wants her help.
Tom says he likes studying French.
You may take any book you like.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom says he likes speaking French.
You love doing that, don't you?
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary was.
Tom says he just couldn't do that.
You look like your grandfather.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom says he feels like doing that.
You look like you have an idea.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom says he doesn't have a lawyer.
You look a little better today.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary wanted to that.
Tom says he didn't have insurance.
You like to do that, don't you?
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom says he can't remember things.
You left your office door open.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
Tom says I shouldn't speak French.
Tom told Mary the reason he didn't want to do that.
Tom saw me while I was doing that.
You have to do that right away.
Tom told Mary that he was interested in doing that.
Tom sat looking out of the window.
You have to do that more often.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't creative.
Tom said, "I'll do that tomorrow."
You had every right to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unconvinced.
Tom said the gunshots woke him up.
You fired your gun, didn't you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unconscious.
Tom said the case has been closed.
You don't look like you're mad.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was intoxicated.
Tom said the best was yet to come.
You don't like carrots, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was intelligent.
Tom said that's not what he wants.
You don't know my name, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was incompetent.
Tom said that he's been very busy.
You don't do that well, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was heartbroken.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that.
You don't do that much, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was hardworking.
Tom said that he wasn't impressed.
You did that again, didn't you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was embarrassed.
Tom said that he wants to do that.
You definitely need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was discouraged.
Tom said that I shouldn't do that.
You could do that if you tried.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was attractive.
Tom said some things won't change.
You can swim, too, if you want.
Tom told Mary that he had been miserable in Boston.
Tom said it's been fun doing that.
You can swim better than I can.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think she'd been fair.
Tom said it's been fun being here.
You can do that if you want to.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was stoned.
Tom said it was raining in Boston.
You apparently need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was insane.
Tom said it should've been simple.
You apparently have to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was boring.
Tom said his team will likely win.
Would you please come tomorrow?
Tom told Mary that John had decided not to do that.
Tom said his schedule will change.
Would you like to live forever?
Tom told Mary he could probably do that by himself.
Tom said his schedule has changed.
Would mind if I did that today?
Tom said his job was a lot of fun.
Women and girls should do that.
Tom thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said his house wasn't damaged.
Will you please do that for me?
Tom thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said his conscience was clear.
Will you go shopping next week?
Tom thought Mary would be confused, but she wasn't.
Tom said he's very busy this week.
Will you do that tomorrow, too?
Tom thought Mary wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom said he's very busy right now.
Will I be permitted to do that?
Tom thinks Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom said he's studying French now.
Why shouldn't I come to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary would be surprised if you did that.
Tom said he's seen people do that.
Why do you want to do that now?
Tom thinks Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's only done that once.
Why do you have to do that now?
Tom thinks Mary won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's never taught French.
Why do we need to go to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom said he's hesitant to do that.
Why do we need to be in Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he's finished doing that.
Why do we have to go to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that until lunchtime.
Tom said he'll be doing that soon.
Why do we have to be in Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that for a few hours.
Tom said he'd like to do that now.
Why didn't you want to do that?
Tom suggested to Mary that she go there by bicycle.
Tom said he'd consider doing that.
Why didn't you need to do that?
Tom still doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom said he'd be back next Monday.
Why didn't you have to do that?
Tom soon found out why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't speak French.
Why did that make a difference?
Tom should've been quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he won't do that anymore.
Why can't we go to Boston, too?
Tom should tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom said he wasn't good at French.
Who does this jacket belong to?
Tom should probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom said he was unable to do that.
Who does this camera belong to?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom said he was too young to vote.
Who do you think would be best?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be frightened.
Tom said he was somewhat confused.
Who do you always do that with?
Tom should probably tell Mary he's going to Boston.
Tom said he was happy he did that.
Who came up with this schedule?
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't like John.
Tom said he wants to write a book.
Who buys these kinds of things?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom said he wants to study French.
Which bicycle do you like best?
Tom says if he doesn't do that, Mary will be angry.
Tom said he wants to be a teacher.
Where should we stay in Boston?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he wanted to leave early.
Where do you intend to do that?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he walked home yesterday.
When will you return to Boston?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom said he tried to do that once.
When it rains, I don't do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether Mary stays or not.
Tom said he thinks he can do that.
When do you want me to do that?
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he sold his car for $300.
What's your grandmother's name?
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that to Alice.
Tom said he plans to study French.
What you're doing is unethical.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John actually did that.
Tom said he needs to study French.
What you're doing is dangerous.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John really did that.
Tom said he needs to get some air.
What kind of girls do you like?
Tom said that wasn't the real reason Mary did that.
Tom said he likes teaching French.
What kind of games do you like?
Tom said that Mary's complaining didn't bother him.
Tom said he likes studying French.
What exactly do you need to do?
Tom said that Mary will do that as soon as she can.
Tom said he likes speaking French.
What exactly do you have to do?
Tom said that Mary wasn't living in Boston anymore.
Tom said he liked teaching French.
What do you put into your stew?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be fun.
Tom said he liked studying French.
What did that look like to you?
Tom said that Mary shouldn't have been so careless.
Tom said he liked speaking French.
We'll never go to Boston again.
Tom said that Mary said she didn't like to do that.
Tom said he learned something new.
We'll do that even if it rains.
Tom said that Mary couldn't wait to see John again.
Tom said he knew he could do that.
We were busy all day yesterday.
Tom said he's tired of waiting for Mary to do that.
Tom said he kept asking questions.
We seldom go to Boston anymore.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary has to do that.
Tom said he jumped out of the way.
We sat down and started eating.
Tom said he'd probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said he hoped he won the race.
We often see foxes around here.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said he hasn't studied French.
We live in different countries.
Tom said he wished he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said he has to get more sleep.
We didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wanted Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom said he feels like doing that.
We did that a couple weeks ago.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he feared for his safety.
This isn't the time to do that.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said he enjoyed the challenge.
This is where I found your key.
Tom said he thought Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said he doesn't smoke anymore.
This is a very comfortable bed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said he didn't know the rules.
These lenses are scratch-proof.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he couldn't speak French.
These jeans are too big for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he could help us do that.
There's still a lot more to do.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he considered doing that.
There's no time to do that now.
Tom said he knew where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom said he acted in self-defense.
There's no easy way to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said goodnight to his parents.
There are more of them than us.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said doing that would be safe.
The window in my room is dirty.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said doing that wasn't enough.
Tom said he expected Mary do the same thing he did.
Tom said I needed to study French.
That would be impossible to do.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom said I looked really confused.
Tell me why you went to Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that today.
Tom said I looked like an old man.
Someone's doing that right now.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that again.
Tom said I looked like I was busy.
Please let me buy that for you.
Tom said he didn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said I don't get enough sleep.
Please don't speak French here.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let me do that.
Tom said I didn't sound surprised.
Please don't forget to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had to do that again.
Tom said I didn't sound convinced.
Please don't come here anymore.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said I didn't sound confident.
Perhaps you'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom said I didn't need to do that.
Perhaps I need to do that, too.
Tom said Mary would probably go to Boston with him.
Tom returned to Australia in 2013.
Our troubles are far from over.
Tom said Mary would probably be willing to do that.
Tom retired from the Navy in 2013.
Our train was three hours late.
Tom said Mary would likely not know how to do that.
Tom retired from teaching in 2013.
Our proposal wasn't acceptable.
Tom said Mary would likely be motivated to do that.
Tom retired from politics in 2013.
Our problems are far from over.
Tom said Mary was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom retired from coaching in 2013.
Now's the time we should leave.
Tom said Mary was sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom repaired his watch by himself.
My plan is to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary was likely to be hesitant to do that.
Tom reluctantly agreed to do that.
My mother told me to come home.
Tom said Mary was hoping you could do that for her.
Tom refused to sign the documents.
My mother has gotten remarried.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that.
Tom recommended these books to me.
My lawyer told me it was legal.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that.
Tom really wants to sing with you.
My last day of work was Monday.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that.
Tom really wants to do that today.
My job description has changed.
Tom really wants to do that again.
My injuries weren't so serious.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John how she did that.
Tom really wanted to study French.
My house needs to be repainted.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that by herself.
Tom really should've tried harder.
My house doesn't have a garage.
Tom said Mary needs to do that as soon as possible.
Tom really enjoys being a teacher.
My friends did that without me.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that.
Tom really doesn't need the money.
My father told me an old story.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that.
Tom really does do that sometimes.
My family seldom eats together.
Tom said Mary is still not very good at doing that.
Tom really didn't want to do that.
My family owns this restaurant.
Tom said Mary is probably still willing to do that.
Tom reached the finish line first.
My dog was run over by a truck.
Tom said Mary is probably still tempted to do that.
Tom rarely ever does that anymore.
My contract is for three years.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to her retirement.
Tom rarely does that before lunch.
My children can't speak French.
Tom said Mary is going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom ran away as soon as he saw me.
My children are already asleep.
Tom said Mary has to do that before John gets here.
Tom put the box down on the table.
My car isn't where I parked it.
Tom said Mary has only done that about three times.
Tom put his cup down on the table.
My business is doing very well.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia more than once.
Tom put his T-shirt on inside out.
My bedroom only has one window.
Tom said Mary gets home every Monday at about 2:30.
Tom put a fence around his garden.
My barn burned down last night.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that yesterday.
Tom promised not to do that again.
Most people here don't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that for Alice.
Tom promised not to be late again.
Most people here can't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be willing to do that.
Tom promised me he'd study French.
More research needs to be done.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about what happened.
Tom probably hasn't gone home yet.
Men and boys shouldn't do that.
Tom said I should've asked Mary to help me do that.
Tom probably doesn't speak French.
Let's not do that by ourselves.
Tom reminded Mary that she needed to do that today.
Tom probably did that last Monday.
Let's go to Boston next spring.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary let you do that.
Tom prefers to do that on his own.
It's very important to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary kept doing that.
Tom plans on studying French, too.
It's useless to try doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is ignoring him.
Tom passed his French examination.
It's time to turn on the light.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary hasn't left yet.
Tom passed away in in Boston.
It's hard doing that every day.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary was yesterday.
Tom owes his success to good luck.
It's easy to do that, isn't it?
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom only spent three days in jail.
It's annoying when you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom only does what he wants to do.
It's a good day for doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom only does what he needs to do.
It'll be depressing to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom often laughs at his own jokes.
It wouldn't be easy to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom often goes abroad on business.
It would be logical to do that.
Tom often forgets to pay his rent.
It would be fun to do that now.
Tom isn't likely to permit Mary to do that for him.
Tom often complains about his job.
It would be foolish to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy if Mary does that.
Tom no longer works at the clinic.
It was very hot inside the bus.
Tom is the only one who ever really talked to Mary.
Tom never takes me out for dinner.
It was very foolish to do that.
Tom is positive that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom never stays out late at night.
It was a lot of fun doing that.
Tom is lucky that Mary is still willing to do that.
Tom never lost his sense of humor.
It should be OK to do that now.
Tom is likely to be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom never had hip problems before.
It makes good sense to do that.
Tom has told Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Tom never forgets to pay his rent.
Is your new coat black or gray?
Tom has told Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Tom never expected this to happen.
Is it all right to do that now?
Tom has decided Mary is the one who should do that.
Tom never did what you say he did.
In case of emergency, call 911.
Tom has advised Mary not to start doing that again.
Tom never did finish his homework.
If I had the time, I'd do that.
Tom had no idea what Mary was thinking about doing.
Tom never complains about his job.
I've never seen you cry before.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him she needed.
Tom never comes to Boston anymore.
I've never done that, you know.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom needs to learn how to do that.
I've grown tired of doing that.
Tom doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom needs to know the reasons why.
I've filled the jug with water.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom must've wanted to leave early.
I've done that countless times.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom must be in really great shape.
I've been asked not to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom must be doing something wrong.
I'm very sorry that I did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom must be doing something right.
I'm very determined to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow John to do that.
Tom must be determined to do that.
I'm thinking of doing that now.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit John to do that.
Tom might be charged with perjury.
I'm thinking about the problem.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with him.
Tom may do that wherever he wants.
I'm the only guy in this class.
Tom doesn't think Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom may do that anywhere he wants.
I'm still reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to want to do that.
Tom managed to escape from prison.
I'm still not fluent in French.
Tom doesn't really think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom managed to do that on his own.
I'm still doing the same thing.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like his friends.
Tom managed to do that by himself.
I'm prohibited from doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John hate each other.
Tom makes things very easy for me.
I'm not too old to do that yet.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is a Canadian or not.
Tom made up his mind to try again.
I'm not sure what I need to do.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can sing well or not.
Tom made several serious mistakes.
I'm not sure what I have to do.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can cook well or not.
Tom lost the job he had in Boston.
I'm not sure I need to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom looks very happy this morning.
I'm not any good at doing that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom looked very comfortable to me.
I'm nervous whenever I do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in Boston this week.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry.
My daughter drew me a picture.
Tom didn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom looked like he was having fun.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school on Monday.
Tom looked back over his shoulder.
I'll try my hardest to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom looked back at me and grinned.
I'll study French this evening.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom looked at me again and smiled.
I'll see what I can do to help.
Tom didn't think Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom looked around the locker room.
I'll only do that if I have to.
Tom didn't tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom lives with his wife in Boston.
I'll have to do that by myself.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wanted to find another job.
Tom lives over there on that hill.
I'll do that only if I have to.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what Mary was doing.
Tom lived there about three years.
I'll do that as long as I live.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom lived in Australia until 2013.
I'd visit Boston if I were you.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was having fun or not.
Tom let his dog loose in the yard.
I'd prefer not to go to Boston.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was a Canadian or not.
Tom left the police force in 2013.
I'd prefer not to do that here.
Tom didn't know what Mary was thinking about doing.
Tom left his son alone in the car.
I'd never try to do that alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom left high school at seventeen.
I'd love to visit Boston again.
Tom didn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom leaves for Australia tomorrow.
I'd like you to do that for me.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's ex-girlfriend.
Tom knows what you're looking for.
I'd like a hamburger and fries.
Tom didn't know how much money he should give Mary.
Tom knows very little about music.
I'd go to Boston if I were you.
Tom didn't know how long Mary expected him to wait.
Tom knows tonight will be special.
I'd be glad to do that for you.
Tom didn't know Mary was supposed to do that today.
Tom knows that won't happen today.
I would've bought that for you.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't having a good time.
Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I worked on a farm last summer.
Tom could easily have stopped Mary from doing that.
Tom knows every trick in the book.
I wonder why I need to do that.
Tom assured Mary that he would never do that again.
Tom knows every inch of this area.
I won't likely need to do that.
Tom asked me to try to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom knows all about what happened.
I won't likely have to do that.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom knows I'm supposed to do that.
I won't have to do that myself.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to meet John.
Tom knew what he was getting into.
I won't be in Boston next week.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that by herself.
Tom knew tonight would be special.
I won't be doing that tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that by herself.
Tom knew the job wouldn't be easy.
I won't attend today's meeting.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was married to.
Tom just wants love and attention.
I wish you knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary have known each other for a long time.
Tom just does what he wants to do.
I wish to speak to the manager.
Tom and Mary don't do that as much as they used to.
Tom just does what he needs to do.
I wish people wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what should be done.
Tom isn't young enough to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him to do.
Tom isn't the only one who's busy.
I wish I had been more careful.
Tom admitted he did what Mary said he shouldn't do.
Tom isn't teaching French anymore.
I went for a walk on the beach.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very likely to wait for us.
Tom isn't supposed to eat peanuts.
I wasn't sure I should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be sleeping.
I wasn't sure I had to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be nervous if Mary were here.
Tom isn't someone you can replace.
I wasn't old enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary can't speak French.
Tom isn't ready to do that either.
I wasn't in Boston last winter.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for Mary.
Tom isn't old enough to drive yet.
I wasn't able to do that today.
I thought Tom was going to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom isn't old enough to drink yet.
I was too tired to do anything.
I think Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
Tom isn't likely to be upset.
I was the first one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
Tom isn't likely to be tired.
I was living in Boston in 2013.
You knew Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't likely to be ready.
I was just in Boston last week.
You knew Tom had to help Mary do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't likely to be first.
I was hoping you could do that.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't stopped him.
Tom isn't likely to be early.
I was asked to speak in French.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't studying in her room.
Tom isn't likely to be drunk.
I wanted both of them to leave.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't tell John to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be bored.
I want you to do that tomorrow.
Tom wondered who Mary had gotten the flowers from.
Tom isn't likely to be awake.
I want to try to do that again.
Tom wondered who Mary expected to clean the house.
Tom isn't likely to be alone.
I want to speak to you at 2:30.
Tom wondered where Mary spent her summer vacation.
Tom isn't good at speaking French.
I want to speak to the manager.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom isn't being forced to do that.
I want to learn how to do that.
Tom won't be able to convince Mary not to do that.
Tom isn't as old as he says he is.
I want to go swimming with you.
Tom will take care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom isn't afraid to do that again.
I want to go home, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom isn't able to do that tonight.
I want to get home before dark.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom is younger than he says he is.
I want to get better at French.
Tom will probably tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom is working on his third album.
I want to eat some pumpkin pie.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom is waiting for that to happen.
I want to do that, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom is very stingy with his money.
I want to do everything myself.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never leave her.
Tom is very proud of his students.
I want to buy a new smartphone.
Tom will probably tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom is very proud of his daughter.
I want to become a voice actor.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to do that.
Tom is very determined to do that.
I walked three miles yesterday.
Tom wasn't the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom is usually the first one here.
I used to work in a restaurant.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Tom is usually at home on Mondays.
I used to come to Boston a lot.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Tom is trying to make that happen.
I try not to eat between meals.
Tom was able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom is too weak to get out of bed.
I try not to complain too much.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she did that.
Tom is too sick to get out of bed.
I tried to make both ends meet.
Tom told Mary that he was happy that she did that.
Tom is too old to do that anymore.
I thought you wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unemployed.
Tom is too nervous to do that now.
I think you'll pass this class.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was suspicious.
Tom is too generous with his time.
I think you should do that now.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was prejudiced.
Tom is the youngest of three boys.
I think we should visit Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was optimistic.
Tom is the youngest in his family.
I think we should go to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was interested.
Tom is the third name on the list.
I think that I want to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was frustrated.
Tom is the shortest person I know.
I think doing that would be OK.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was frightened.
Tom is the person we want to hire.
I think I'd be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was downstairs.
Tom is the only vegetarian I know.
I think I should buy a new car.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dependable.
Tom is the one who should do that.
I think I can probably do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was courageous.
Tom is the one who has to do that.
I think I can do that if I try.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was aggressive.
Tom is the one who had to do that.
I taught French many years ago.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was beautiful.
Tom is the most likely to do that.
I still haven't washed the car.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was upset.
Tom is the head of our department.
I still haven't mowed the lawn.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was funny.
Tom is swimming with some friends.
I still have a house in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was crazy.
Tom is supposed to be in his room.
I signed a three-year contract.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was brave.
Tom is such an interesting person.
I shouldn't need any more help.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was bossy.
Tom is still too young to do that.
I shouldn't have left so early.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was alive.
Tom is still sitting on the bench.
I should've refused to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have time to do that.
Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I should've done that with you.
Tom told Mary that he didn't feel like doing that.
Tom is reluctant to talk about it.
I should've asked you for help.
Tom told Mary it would be safe for her to do that.
Tom is really good with his hands.
I should try to do that, right?
Tom told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
Tom is probably alone in his room.
I should never have to do that.
Tom told Mary I couldn't do that without his help.
Tom is probably a really nice guy.
I should leave before it rains.
Tom thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom is planning a trip in October.
I should know better at my age.
Tom thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom is old enough to travel alone.
I should be allowed to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be bored, but he was wrong.
Tom is now taller than his mother.
I really don't want to be here.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom is much smarter than he looks.
I realized what my mistake was.
Tom thinks Mary won't be the first one to do that.
Tom is most likely doing that now.
I probably won't do that today.
Tom thinks Mary won't be interested in doing that.
Tom is merely stating the obvious.
I parked the car in the garage.
Tom thinks Mary will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom is married and has a daughter.
I never would agree to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be through doing that by now.
Tom is making us look like idiots.
I never wanted to be a teacher.
Tom thinks Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom is lucky he didn't get killed.
I never do that in the morning.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late.
Tom is likely to still be thirsty.
I need to speak to the manager.
Tom still doesn't think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom is likely to still be outside.
I need to lose a bit of weight.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he's going to Boston.
Tom is likely to still be nervous.
I need to learn how to do that.
Tom should've been furious at Mary for doing that.
Tom is likely to still be grouchy.
I need to know what to do next.
Tom should've been faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be curious.
I need to know the reasons why.
Tom should've been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be at home.
I need to go do that right now.
Tom should've asked Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom is likely to enjoy doing that.
I need to get ready for school.
Tom should tell Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is likely to be in Boston now.
I need to buy another computer.
Tom should tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom is likely to be busy tomorrow.
I may work in Boston next year.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to find another job.
Tom is learning to deal with that.
I may have to do that tomorrow.
Tom should tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom is helping out in the kitchen.
I may be in Boston next Monday.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom is happiest when he's at home.
I looked back over my shoulder.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom is good at making milk shakes.
I looked around the empty room.
Tom should probably tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom is getting married in October.
I know you'll be here tomorrow.
Tom should probably tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom is dressed in green and white.
I know you didn't go to Boston.
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom is determined to go to Boston.
I know why you want to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary about what happened.
Tom is considering not doing that.
I know why you need to do that.
Tom should be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom is carrying a black briefcase.
I know why you have to do that.
Tom is being quiet for the moment.
I know why I shouldn't do that.
Tom says he understands why Mary wants to do that.
Tom is aware it's not always easy.
I know where you hid the money.
Tom says he knows Mary won't pass her French test.
Tom is as talkative as his father.
I know what you're going to do.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't be afraid to do that.
Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I know what those are used for.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who wants to do that.
Tom is actually very conservative.
I know what I need to do today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should avoid.
Tom is actually a really nice guy.
I know what I have to do today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who needs to do that.
Tom is able to do that on his own.
I know that won't happen today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she ought to do that.
Tom is able to do that by himself.
I know it was you who did that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she needs to do that.
Tom is a very talented songwriter.
I know how you feel about that.
Tom says he heard that Mary wanted to change jobs.
Tom is a very intelligent student.
I know how to fly a helicopter.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will do that today.
Tom is a very hard-working person.
I know all about what happened.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom is a very good French teacher.
I know I'm supposed to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom is a very experienced referee.
I know I'm running out of time.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go sailing.
Tom is a retired registered nurse.
I know I want to do that today.
Tom sat down on a chair next to Mary's wheelchair.
Tom is a reporter based in Boston.
I know I need to do that today.
Tom said that Mary wasn't studying French anymore.
Tom is a musician like his father.
I know I have to do that today.
Tom said that Mary thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom is lazy and always has been.
I know I don't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom is a good violinist, isn't he?
I know I don't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom is a foreign exchange student.
I knew doing that would be fun.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom invited his friends to dinner.
I knew I might need to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom introduced me to his daughter.
I knew I might have to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom introduced his daughter to me.
I keep making the same mistake.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom insisted he wasn't in the car.
I hope to visit Boston someday.
Tom said he was hoping he could help Mary do that.
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.
I hope to do that next weekend.
Tom said he was going to go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom hung a light from the ceiling.
I hope I don't need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom hopes to do that this weekend.
I hope I don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room studying.
Tom hopes it doesn't come to that.
I hope I didn't disappoint you.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom hoped he'd be able to do that.
I hope I can visit Boston soon.
Tom said he thinks he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom hid the money in his basement.
I hope I can go to Boston soon.
Tom said he talked with Mary about that yesterday.
Tom helped me out countless times.
I heard that you would do that.
Tom said he saw Mary kissing John behind the barn.
Tom hasn't told me who helped him.
I heard that you won't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might need to do that today.
Tom hasn't taught French in years.
I heard that you can't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that today.
Tom hasn't seen much of the world.
I haven't yet tried to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom hasn't said anything publicly.
I haven't slept for three days.
Tom said he hoped Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom hasn't really talked about it.
I haven't read all these books.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom hasn't played ball in a while.
I haven't done that very often.
Tom said he didn't want to eat the stew Mary made.
Tom hasn't coached in three years.
I have trouble speaking French.
Tom said he didn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom hasn't been very happy lately.
I have to go to band rehearsal.
Tom said he didn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom has written a number of books.
I have to go feed the chickens.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to do that.
Tom has won all three races today.
I have to get my house painted.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that very often.
Tom has two sisters who are twins.
I hate driving when it's foggy.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom has tried to fix the computer.
I had to be in Boston all week.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom has too much class to do that.
I had no reason not to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom has told me he has to do that.
I had no idea I was being rude.
Tom said he assumed Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has told me I need to do that.
I guess I could try to do that.
Tom said he arrived a few minutes before Mary did.
Tom has told me I have to do that.
I get up at 6:every morning.
Tom said essentially the same thing that Mary did.
Tom has to be planning to do that.
I found some money in the park.
Tom said Mary wouldn't be excused from doing that.
Tom has things he still has to do.
I forgot I promised to do that.
Tom said Mary would probably still be cooperative.
Tom has the most to gain by lying.
I find doing that disagreeable.
Tom said Mary would probably be unable to do that.
Tom has some friends in Australia.
I felt betrayed and humiliated.
Tom said Mary would probably be afraid to do that.
Tom has shown he can't be trusted.
I enjoyed myself at your party.
Tom said Mary would likely not be able to do that.
Tom has several scars on his arms.
I doubt that will happen today.
Tom said Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom has seizures almost every day.
I don't want to work in Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be through doing that.
Tom has run away from home before.
I don't want to try doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be tempted to do that.
Tom has requested that we do that.
I don't want to talk right now.
Tom said Mary was likely to be safe where she was.
Tom has recorded as a solo artist.
I don't want to seem desperate.
Tom said Mary was likely to be fascinated by that.
Tom has promised to do that today.
I don't want to read that book.
Tom said Mary was happy that you did that for him.
Tom has promised to do that again.
I don't want to go to the park.
Tom said Mary told him she was sick of doing that.
Tom has promised to change things.
I don't want to go to the lake.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have told John about that.
Tom has probably done that by now.
I don't want to go back Boston.
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that.
Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't want to go any further.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that.
Tom has now agreed not to do that.
I don't want to do that myself.
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that.
Tom has never spoken French to me.
I don't want to do it that way.
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that.
Tom has never played center field.
I don't want any of this stuff.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John can do that.
Tom has never been faster than me.
I don't usually walk to school.
Tom said Mary is probably still afraid to do that.
Tom has never been a great player.
I don't think we could do that.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at playing the piano.
Tom has never been a close friend.
I don't think this makes sense.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to being retired.
Tom has never attempted to escape.
I don't think I'll do that now.
Tom said Mary hasn't been punished for doing that.
Tom has more money than is needed.
I don't think I'd ever do that.
Tom said Mary hasn't been forgiven for doing that.
Tom has learned from his mistakes.
I don't think I had to do that.
Tom said Mary has only been to Boston three times.
Tom has just started working here.
I don't swim as well as you do.
Tom said Mary has been feeling depressed recently.
Tom has just had a very good year.
I don't really want to do this.
Tom said Mary has been asked not to do that again.
Tom has his sweater on inside out.
I don't really plan to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that to Alice.
Tom has had a very difficult year.
I don't really need to do this.
Tom said Mary didn't think John actually did that.
I don't really need to do that.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
Tom has earned a number of awards.
I don't really have to do that.
Tom said I should've asked Mary to do that for me.
Tom has done that for three years.
I don't play with toys anymore.
Tom refused to do what Mary told him he had to do.
Tom has done that for a few years.
I don't play the piano anymore.
Tom read the letter from Mary over and over again.
Tom has done that countless times.
I don't play tennis very often.
Tom probably doesn't really know how sick Mary is.
Tom has done so many other things.
I don't need to worry about it.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom has done a lot of good things.
I don't need to move to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom has done a good job in Boston.
I don't need any of this stuff.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary used to live.
Tom has definitely studied French.
I don't mind doing that at all.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary hopes he does.
Tom has cut my hair several times.
I don't live too far from here.
Tom probably doesn't know how good a cook Mary is.
I don't like watching baseball.
Tom probably couldn't talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom has been told he has to leave.
I don't like to watch baseball.
Tom pretended that he didn't hear Mary's question.
Tom has been studying really hard.
I don't like to sing sad songs.
Tom must've thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has been studying all morning.
I don't like to sing in French.
Tom must've thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom has been sick since last week.
I don't like spinach very much.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he wouldn't do that.
Tom has been rushed to a hospital.
I don't like driving in Boston.
Tom isn't supposed to help Mary with her homework.
Tom has been rather busy recently.
I don't like carbonated drinks.
Tom isn't doing that because Mary told him not to.
Tom has been in prison since 2013.
I don't know which bus to take.
Tom is taking care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom has been in jail for days.
I don't know where I should be.
Tom is playing chess with Mary in the dining room.
Tom has been in a coma for months.
I don't know what I need to do.
Tom is lucky that Mary forgave him for doing that.
Tom has been helping us with that.
I don't know what I have to do.
Tom hopes that Mary will teach him how to do that.
Tom has been gone three years now.
I don't know much about sports.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom has been gone for three years.
I don't know how to read music.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom has been gone for a long time.
I don't know all the rules yet.
Tom has enough money to buy everything Mary wants.
Tom has been fired more than once.
I don't intend to go by myself.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom has been doing that very well.
I don't have very many options.
Tom has already told Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom has been coming around lately.
I don't have very many friends.
Tom has already told Mary that she has to do that.
Tom has been busy since yesterday.
I don't have to work on Monday.
Tom has already bought what Mary asked him to buy.
Tom has been busy since last week.
I don't have to move to Boston.
Tom has a better chance of winning than Mary does.
Tom has been asked not to do that.
I don't have to do that either.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to need to do.
Tom has been a very good manager.
I don't have that many options.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to have to do.
Tom has been a very good customer.
I don't have many friends here.
Tom doesn't want to do that as badly as Mary does.
Tom has been a teacher since 2013.
I don't have everything I want.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit me to do that.
Tom has been a really good mentor.
I don't have any strength left.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom has been a really good leader.
I don't have any classes today.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom has been a really good friend.
I don't have a fishing license.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit him to do that.
Tom has apparently studied French.
I don't have a criminal record.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom has apologized for doing that.
I don't get paid all that much.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom has always been jealous of me.
I don't drink coffee every day.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that anymore.
Tom has always been a good singer.
I don't do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be allowed to do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that.
I don't care much for swimming.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow John to do that.
Tom has a very dry sense of humor.
I don't blame you for anything.
Tom doesn't think Mary should ask John to do that.
Tom has a very bubbly personality.
I don't always obey my parents.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that yet.
Tom has a very beautiful daughter.
I do that at least once a week.
Tom doesn't think Mary has enough time to do that.
Tom has a solution to the problem.
I discovered something amazing.
Tom doesn't see why Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has a serious heart condition.
I didn't want to work overtime.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom has a scratch on his forehead.
I didn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like him.
Tom has a right to defend himself.
I didn't want to take a chance.
Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom has a double-barreled shotgun.
I didn't want to stand in line.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom has a computer just like mine.
I didn't want to sell my house.
Tom didn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom has a bicycle just like yours.
I didn't want to pay that much.
Tom didn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom has a T-shirt just like yours.
I didn't want to make a speech.
Tom didn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom handed me the letter and left.
I didn't want to go to my room.
Tom didn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom had to have his leg amputated.
I didn't want to give a speech.
Tom didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
Tom had plenty of time to do that.
I didn't want to fight anymore.
Tom didn't think Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom had one son and two daughters.
I didn't want to eat leftovers.
Tom didn't think Mary was finished doing that yet.
Tom had nothing else in the world.
I didn't want to eat ice cream.
Tom didn't tell Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom had no comment on the meeting.
I didn't want to do that today.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom had no choice but to run away.
I didn't want to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what Mary had done.
Tom had no choice about it at all.
I didn't want to clean my room.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom had never been in love before.
I didn't want to be left alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom had his chance and he blew it.
I didn't want to be here today.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom had an opportunity to do that.
I didn't want my picture taken.
Tom didn't know that Mary expected him to do that.
Tom had a right to defend himself.
I didn't want any more trouble.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself.
Tom graduated second in his class.
I didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself.
Tom got to ride a horse yesterday.
I didn't think you'd be scared.
Tom did everything the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom got on his bike and rode away.
I didn't think you'd be lonely.
Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom got in his car and started it.
I didn't think you were scared.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary would do that.
Tom got here thirty minutes early.
I didn't think you were lonely.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary could do that.
Tom got exactly what he asked for.
I didn't think I'd get injured.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that he could do that.
Tom got behind the car and pushed.
I didn't think I would be here.
Tom assured Mary that they could do that together.
Tom got away disguised as a woman.
I didn't tell anyone who I was.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom got another chance to do that.
I didn't read the instructions.
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to Mary's house.
Tom got a job as a security guard.
I didn't need to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that this week.
Tom goes to a school for the deaf.
I didn't mind living by myself.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she had to do that.
Tom glanced at the weather report.
I didn't mind doing the dishes.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked Thai food or not.
Tom gives us exactly what we need.
I didn't like the way you did that.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that later.
Tom gets up at 6:every morning.
I didn't like living in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that today.
Tom gave me some practical advice.
I didn't like Boston very much.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that again.
Tom gave me exactly what I wanted.
I didn't know you were so lazy.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that right now.
Tom gave me exactly what I needed.
I didn't know which one to buy.
Tom and Mary wanted to walk on the beach together.
Tom gave me all the help I needed.
I didn't know what to say next.
Tom and Mary think I don't know their parents are.
Tom frequently forgets to do that.
I didn't know what I should do.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom forgot to turn off the lights.
I didn't know what I had to do.
Tom admitted he did what Mary asked him not to do.
Tom forged his father's signature.
I didn't know it was a mistake.
There's no reason Tom needs to know what Mary did.
Tom felt he had to say something.
I didn't know how I could help.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to be doing that.
Tom feels that he's ready to play.
I didn't know I should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom expressed his dissatisfaction.
I didn't know I had to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom explained what had to be done.
I didn't intend to hurt anyone.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom explained the situation to us.
I didn't hear the rooster crow.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom eventually wound up in Boston.
I didn't have to do that alone.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary has to do.
Tom eventually decided to do that.
I didn't have to come so early.
I think Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
Tom encouraged me to study French.
I didn't have my phone with me.
I think Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
Tom earns his living as a teacher.
I didn't have much of a choice.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom earns about $300,annually.
I didn't have much money on me.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want Mary to do that.
Tom drowned in his pool last week.
I didn't have anything to read.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were arguing about.
Tom drove himself to the hospital.
I didn't go shopping yesterday.
I didn't think Tom needed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom dried his clothes by the fire.
I didn't get to school in time.
I didn't know Tom until Mary introduced him to me.
I didn't feel up to doing that.
Fortunately, Tom didn't see Mary and John kissing.
Tom doesn't want to go to college.
I didn't feel that I was ready.
Didn't you know that Tom and I are Mary's parents?
Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I didn't expect to get a raise.
Didn't you know Tom was living with Mary's family?
Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I didn't expect this to happen.
Didn't you know Tom and John were Mary's brothers?
Tom doesn't trust doctors anymore.
I didn't do what you say I did.
Didn't you know Mary and Alice were Tom's sisters?
Tom doesn't think you can do that.
I didn't do that for very long.
Did you know Tom and Mary are John's grandparents?
Tom doesn't think I would do that.
I didn't do so well on my test.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't think I could do that.
I didn't ask for your opinions.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't still want to do that.
I didn't ask even one question.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't still need to do that.
I didn't actually see anything.
Tom would've been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom doesn't still have to do that.
I didn't actually do that much.
Tom would be disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be very upset.
I didn't actually believe that.
Tom wondered who Mary had bought the necktie for.
Tom doesn't seem to be very angry.
I didn't accept the invitation.
Tom won't likely tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be busy today.
I did that because I wanted to.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom doesn't really need the money.
I did that as often as I could.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't quite see it that way.
I could've bought that for you.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to go to college.
I could go home if I wanted to.
Tom won't be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom doesn't need to prove himself.
I could get hurt if I did that.
Tom won't be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom doesn't need to do that again.
I can't very well do that here.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom doesn't make me laugh anymore.
I can't speak very much French.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom doesn't look worried about it.
I can't go to Boston next week.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom doesn't look very happy to me.
I can't find anyone to help me.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom doesn't look like he's lonely.
I can't find Boston on the map.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be frightened.
Tom doesn't look happy to see you.
I can do that without any help.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way you sing.
I can come to Boston next week.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way you cook.
I can be in Boston next Monday.
Tom was hoping he could persuade Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't like that idea at all.
I brought you a glass of water.
Tom wanted to be gone by the time Mary got there.
Tom doesn't like being unemployed.
I assumed you wouldn't do that.
Tom tried to apologize, but Mary wouldn't listen.
Tom doesn't know why you did that.
How was your dinner last night?
Tom told me you're a better drummer than Mary is.
Tom doesn't know where he belongs.
How often do you go to the zoo?
Tom told me that Mary has decided not to do that.
Tom doesn't know much about birds.
How often do you go to parties?
Tom told Mary that she's forgiven for doing that.
Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
How often do you go to museums?
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful.
Tom doesn't have to live this way.
How often do you get headaches?
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last weekend.
Tom doesn't have his phone on him.
How much longer should we wait?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was terrified.
Tom doesn't have any friends here.
How are we supposed to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was surprised.
Tom doesn't have a home right now.
Have you already paid the bill?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was skeptical.
Tom doesn't ever get here on time.
Have any of you ever done that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in Boston.
Tom doesn't even know how to swim.
Hang your jacket in the closet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impressed.
Tom doesn't enjoy teaching French.
Even if it rains, I'll do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impatient.
Tom doesn't enjoy giving speeches.
Don't you still work in Boston?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dishonest.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing.
Don't you feel like doing that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disgusted.
Tom doesn't appear to be too busy.
Don't we have to do that today?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was desperate.
Tom does want to go on to college.
Don't do that until after 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was depressed.
Tom does that even when he's sick.
Doing that would make me happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dangerous.
Tom does that because he wants to.
Doing that would be very scary.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was courteous.
Tom does that because he likes to.
Doing that would be ridiculous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was confident.
Tom does nothing all day but read.
Doing that will be very tiring.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was conceited.
Tom does everything the right way.
Doing that was very innovative.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gone home.
Tom does almost everything for me.
Doing that likely won't be fun.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had done that.
Tom does a good job with the team.
Doing that is healthy exercise.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been late.
Tom died with a smile on his face.
Do you regret having done that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John could do that.
Tom died of a heart attack Monday.
Do you really enjoy doing that?
Tom told Mary that he had decided not to do that.
Tom died in Boston of lung cancer.
Do you mind if I use your bike?
Tom told Mary that he had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom died in of liver failure.
Do you mind if I don't do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was slow.
Tom died in at the age of 30.
Do you mean you didn't do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dead.
Tom died an extremely wealthy man.
Do you live with your daughter?
Tom told Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to wait that long.
Do you intend to do that today?
Tom told Mary that John was a good friend of his.
Tom didn't want to do it that way.
Do you intend to do that again?
Tom told Mary she should do that, but she didn't.
Tom didn't think we could do that.
Do you feel safe in your house?
Tom told Mary she could do that if she wanted to.
Tom didn't think it was a problem.
Do you ever take vitamin pills?
Tom told Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom didn't study French yesterday.
Do you always do your homework?
Tom didn't study French last year.
Do we all need to study French?
Tom told Mary it would be fun for her to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know who I was.
Do we all have to study French?
Tom told Mary he'd never do anything to hurt her.
Tom didn't seem to be very sleepy.
Didn't you know that was there?
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom didn't seem to be discouraged.
Didn't you know it was snowing?
Tom thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom didn't say who should do that.
Didn't you know it was raining?
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom didn't really want to do that.
Didn't I tell you not to worry?
Tom thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom didn't really need to do that.
Did you speak French yesterday?
Tom thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't really have to do that.
Did you put sugar in my coffee?
Tom thinks Mary won't be the next one to do that.
Tom didn't need to wait very long.
Did you know you could do that?
Tom thinks Mary won't be the last one to do that.
Tom didn't need to wait that long.
Did you know that would happen?
Tom thinks Mary won't be awake when he gets home.
Tom didn't look like he was tired.
Did you go somewhere yesterday?
Tom thinks Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't look like he was happy.
Did you buy yourself a new car?
Tom thinks Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know anything about it.
Could you open the gate for me?
Tom stood up and went to the door to let Mary in.
Tom didn't know about the meeting.
Could you help me tie my shoes?
Tom still doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom didn't have to wait that long.
Can you be in Boston on Monday?
Tom still doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom didn't have a good day either.
Boston is a nice place to live.
Tom spends a lot of money buying things for Mary.
Tom didn't give any other details.
Boston is a good place to live.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom didn't give a specific reason.
Are your parents still married?
Tom should've married Mary instead of her sister.
Tom didn't feel sorry for himself.
Are you sure I need to do that?
Tom should've done that the way Mary told him to.
Tom didn't expect to fall in love.
Are you sure I have to do that?
Tom should tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom didn't do what you say he did.
Are you still a violin teacher?
Tom should probably tell Mary what she has to do.
Are you going to work tomorrow?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom didn't appear to be too tired.
Are you going to do that alone?
Tom should probably tell Mary to stop doing that.
Tom didn't appear to be too happy.
Are you determined to go there?
Tom should probably tell Mary to quit doing that.
Tom did what he had planned to do.
All of us want to visit Boston.
Tom should probably tell Mary to do that for him.
Tom did what he felt he had to do.
All of us want to study French.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom did that without any problems.
All of us want to go to Boston.
Tom should let Mary study French if she wants to.
Tom did that very fast, didn't he?
A wise person wouldn't do that.
Tom seemed to want to do that more than Mary did.
Tom did that pretty well, I think.
Yours is a blue bag, isn't it?
Tom seemed to understand why Mary had to do that.
Tom did that by himself yesterday.
Your technique is interesting.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't do that.
Tom did that as often as he could.
Your room needs to be cleaned.
Tom seemed convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom devoted his life to education.
Your predictions were correct.
Tom seemed convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom definitely deserves the award.
Your name was never mentioned.
Tom says that Mary isn't very good at doing that.
Tom decided to go a different way.
Your handshake is very strong.
Tom says if Mary doesn't do that, he'll be angry.
Tom decided that I should do that.
Your guitar playing isn't bad.
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually leave him.
Tom cut three meters off the rope.
Your fingers are really short.
Tom says he just couldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom currently resides near Boston.
Your French is almost perfect.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't want him to do that.
Tom currently owns three vehicles.
Your French has gotten better.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him to do that.
Tom cried when he heard the story.
You've got a really big mouth.
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that, too.
Tom couldn't force you to do that.
You've already drunk too much.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to give that to.
Tom could've done that on his own.
You're the richest man I know.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to ask for help.
Tom could've done that by himself.
You're the richest guy I know.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom could've been more supportive.
You're the only one I've told.
Tom says he heard Mary was pretty good at French.
Tom could stop us from doing that.
You're the one I want to meet.
Tom says he hasn't seen Mary since they broke up.
Tom could stop me from doing that.
You're suspicious, aren't you?
Tom says he doesn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom could get hurt if he did that.
You're not too old to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom could do that if he wanted to.
You're colorblind, aren't you?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom could be skeptical about that.
You're acting like a big baby.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom could be reluctant to do that.
You're a very talented person.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom could be motivated to do that.
You're a very generous person.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom could be doing that right now.
You're a very creative person.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to eat pizza.
Tom could be desperate to do that.
You're a really good listener.
Tom says he didn't know Mary helped John do that.
Tom could be charged with perjury.
You're a lot taller than I am.
Tom says he and Mary are planning to get married.
Tom could be a very rich man soon.
You're a lot like your father.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John really did that.
Tom continued talking for a while.
You're a good football player.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that.
Tom certainly won't do that again.
You're a busy man, aren't you?
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John could do that.
Tom certainly wasn't ready for it.
You're a bit taller than I am.
Tom said that he couldn't wait to see Mary again.
Tom can't solve the problem alone.
You're a bit like your father.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom can't know the answer to that.
You'll be too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary wanted to talk to the manager.
Tom can still do that pretty well.
You'd better not do that here.
Tom said that Mary thought John was good-looking.
Tom can do that without your help.
You'd better do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be enjoying herself.
Tom can do that wherever he wants.
You suggested that we do that.
Tom said that Mary really did do that by herself.
Tom can do that anywhere he wants.
You shouldn't do that so much.
Tom said that Mary needed to talk to the manager.
Tom came in just as I was leaving.
You should've been doing that.
Tom said that Mary has been sick in bed all week.
Tom built a trap to catch rabbits.
You should do that more often.
Tom said that Mary and John are also his friends.
Tom begged me to help him do that.
You should definitely do that.
Tom said it was him who should help Mary do that.
Tom baked some brownies yesterday.
You should be able to do that.
Tom said it was Mary who borrowed his sunglasses.
Tom asked us why we had done that.
You seemed to want to do that.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to do that yesterday.
Tom asked me why I studied French.
You seemed a little surprised.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom asked me to pass him the salt.
You seem unwilling to do that.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom asked me to come to his house.
You seem to know who did that.
Tom said he wasn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom asked me not to do that again.
You seem full of energy today.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
Tom asked me if I knew how to sew.
You seem a little embarrassed.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
Tom asked if he needed to do that.
You said you'd do that for us.
Tom said he wasn't aware that Mary had done that.
Tom answered no to both questions.
You said you'd do that for me.
Tom said he wanted to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom answered all of our questions.
You really do need to do that.
Tom said he wanted to go to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom and his staff can manage that.
You really do have to do that.
Tom said he tried to help Mary with her homework.
Tom and I've gotten back together.
You offered to do that for us.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom and I'll leave this afternoon.
You need to wait a bit longer.
Tom said he thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom and I'd like to be left alone.
You need to do that right now.
Tom said he saw Mary playing badminton with John.
Tom and I worked out our problems.
You need to do that carefully.
Tom said he saw Mary and John kissing each other.
Tom and I work very well together.
You might die if you eat that.
Tom said he knew why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom and I weren't sure what to do.
You may as well do that today.
Tom said he knew what Mary thought she should do.
Tom and I weren't happy in Boston.
You lost your key, didn't you?
Tom said he hopes Mary won't be late again today.
Tom and I weren't able to do that.
You look like you're thinking.
Tom said he hoped Mary would come to his concert.
Tom and I were too tired to fight.
You look like you just got up.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I were the only survivors.
You look like you belong here.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom and I were married in October.
You look like a weight lifter.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom and I were downtown yesterday.
You look like a tired old man.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary does that anymore.
Tom and I went to church together.
You look as if you're in pain.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would've done that.
Tom and I went to Boston together.
You live in Boston, don't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary had ever done that.
Tom and I wanted to be left alone.
You know I can't speak French.
Tom said he didn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom and I used to go out together.
You have to do that right now.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could've done that.
Tom and I used to be good friends.
You felt repulsed, didn't you?
Tom said Mary would probably know how to do that.
Tom and I sat together on the bus.
You fed the sheep, didn't you?
Tom said Mary would likely go to Boston with him.
Tom and I sat opposite each other.
You don't like school, do you?
Tom said Mary will probably still be cooperative.
Tom and I relax in different ways.
You don't have a cold, do you?
Tom said Mary went to a movie with him last week.
Tom and I often hang out together.
You didn't tell me to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't amused by what was going on.
Tom and I often do the same thing.
You did that better this time.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help John do that.
Tom and I often did that together.
You designed this, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was too drunk to help John do that.
Tom and I often argue about money.
You could've done that better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be unconvinced.
Tom and I live on the same street.
You ate something, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be pessimistic.
Tom and I left the party together.
You ate breakfast, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be intoxicated.
Tom and I have everything we want.
You agreed to help us do that.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could cheer John up.
Tom and I have everything we need.
Would you please wait a while?
Tom said Mary was glad that you did that for him.
Tom and I have both taught French.
Would you like to be a lawyer?
Tom said Mary was asleep by the time he got home.
Tom and I had to change our plans.
Would you like some beer, too?
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that.
Tom and I got married this winter.
Would you be happy to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that.
Tom and I got married last winter.
Would you allow me to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that.
Tom and I go to the same hospital.
Would you all please be quiet?
Tom said Mary should've gone to Boston with John.
Tom and I flew to Boston together.
Would it be OK not to do that?
Tom said Mary ought to do that in the other room.
Tom and I exchanged phone numbers.
Will you please shut the gate?
Tom said Mary only does that if John is watching.
Tom and I enjoy swimming together.
Will you please do that again?
Tom said Mary needs to do that before she leaves.
Tom and I each took a sip of wine.
Will you or won't you do that?
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that.
Tom and I do many things together.
Will you have time to do that?
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that.
Tom and I did everything we could.
Will you go to the bank today?
Tom said Mary has done that several times before.
Tom and I did everything together.
Will you do that or won't you?
Tom said Mary has been trying to do that all day.
Tom and I come from the same town.
Will you do that now or later?
Tom said Mary had to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and I ate meatloaf for dinner.
Will you be free this evening?
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will like Alice.
Tom and I aren't together anymore.
Why would you have to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to write with.
Tom and I aren't going to do that.
Why shouldn't we speak French?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she had to do.
Tom and I are waiting for the bus.
Why shouldn't we go to Boston?
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about what we did.
Tom and I are very happy together.
Why shouldn't we be in Boston?
Tom reminded Mary that she had a meeting at 2:30.
Tom and I are unlikely to do that.
Why don't you shut the window?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is still here.
Tom and I are really good friends.
Why don't you have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is doing that.
Tom and I are good for each other.
Why don't we do that together?
Tom never forgets to tell Mary that he loves her.
Tom and I agreed to keep in touch.
Why do I need to study French?
Tom needs to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom always seems to be reasonable.
Why do I need to speak French?
Tom needs to be gone by the time Mary gets there.
Tom always seems to be interested.
Why do I need to go to Boston?
Tom must've thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom always seems to be doing that.
Why do I need to be in Boston?
Tom always eats fruit for dessert.
Why do I have to speak French?
Tom made a bet with Mary that John would do that.
Tom always asks the same question.
Why do I have to go to Boston?
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't love her.
Tom already plans to study French.
Why do I have to be in Boston?
Tom laughed when Mary sat down to play the piano.
Tom almost always drives too fast.
Why did you do that yesterday?
Tom knows it wasn't the first time Mary did that.
Tom agreed that we should do that.
Why aren't you doing that yet?
Tom knows he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom admitted he wanted to do that.
Why aren't you doing that now?
Tom isn't going to be very happy if Mary is late.
Tom's truck got stuck in the mud.
Why are you digging this hole?
Tom is sure Mary knows she's supposed to do that.
Tom's troubles are far from over.
Who's the person who did that?
Tom is sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Tom's problems are far from over.
Who told you I had to do that?
Tom is sure Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Tom's license has been suspended.
Who did you receive that from?
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do that for him.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over.
Which wine do you like better?
Tom has told Mary that she's required to do that.
Tom's friends wanted to help him.
When should we come to Boston?
Tom has told Mary she should wear safety glasses.
Tom's first wife was from Boston.
When do you intend to do that?
Tom has been waiting for Mary to do that for him.
Tom's brothers are still in jail.
When do you expect to do that?
Tom has been teaching Mary how to play the piano.
Tom's brothers are still at home.
When did you start doing that?
Tom freaked out when he heard what Mary had done.
Tom wouldn't let me speak French.
When did you begin doing that?
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom would never make you do that.
What's the name of this movie?
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom would never do that that way.
What's the last thing you ate?
Tom doesn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom would do that if he knew how.
What's the harm in doing that?
Tom doesn't think Mary would be quiet doing that.
Tom would be cute if he did that.
What's Boston most famous for?
Tom doesn't think Mary would be happy doing that.
Tom would be awful at doing that.
What's Australia's population?
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow me to do that.
Tom works as a used car salesman.
What'll we do if it's raining?
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit me to do that.
Tom won't need to wait very long.
What kind of cake do you like?
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow him to do that.
Tom won't likely be here on time.
Were you the one who did that?
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom won't likely be here by 2:30.
Were you in Boston in October?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
Tom won't likely be found guilty.
Were you doing that yesterday?
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom won't let me speak French.
We've done that several times.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as Mary does.
Tom won't have to wait very long.
We've decided to visit Boston.
Tom does that the way Mary taught him to do that.
Tom won't go to camp this summer.
We've decided to study French.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wouldn't be at her party.
Tom won't do that for me anymore.
We've decided to leave Boston.
Tom didn't tell Mary he didn't intend to do that.
Tom won't do anything by himself.
We've been ordered to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was swimming or not.
Tom won't be too busy to do that.
We've been asked not to leave.
Tom didn't know where Mary was thinking of going.
Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
We're coming up to a tollgate.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom won't be done doing that yet.
We'd better not do that today.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's grandmother.
Tom won't actually be doing that.
We were just about to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he should wait for Mary.
Tom won three successive matches.
We shouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom didn't know Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom will probably become violent.
We should all be at the beach.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom will probably be unimpressed.
We really should visit Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that yesterday.
Tom will probably be sympathetic.
We never speak French anymore.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't have time to do that.
Tom will probably be pessimistic.
We never go to Boston anymore.
Tom couldn't talk Mary out of going to the party.
Tom will probably be discouraged.
We need to hire three welders.
Tom committed suicide three days after Mary died.
Tom will probably be cooperative.
We just did that this morning.
Tom asked if Mary was really required to do that.
Tom will likely be in Boston now.
We hope you visit Boston soon.
Tom asked Mary what time she usually went to bed.
Tom will likely be grouchy today.
We hope that you visit Boston.
Tom and Mary have decided never to do that again.
Tom will likely be busy tomorrow.
We haven't visited Boston yet.
Tom and Mary don't fight as much as they used to.
Tom will likely agree to do that.
We haven't been to Boston yet.
Tom and Mary are still not talking to each other.
Tom will do that without my help.
We have you to do that for us.
Tom and Mary are still going out with each other.
Tom will do that in a day or two.
We have plans to visit Boston.
Tom admitted he did what Mary told him not to do.
Tom will be reluctant to do that.
We have plans to go to Boston.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of Mary.
Tom will be motivated to do that.
We had enough time to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom will be fined for doing that.
We don't want to study French.
Mary and Alice both used to be Tom's girlfriends.
Tom will be desperate to do that.
We don't want to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
Tom will be back in a day or two.
We don't need to go to Boston.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
Tom will be able to do that, too.
We don't have to study French.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he could do that.
We don't have to speak French.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't scared to do anything.
We don't have to go to Boston.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't able to do that today.
We don't have to decide today.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to tell Mary to do that.
Tom was very hesitant to do that.
We don't go to Boston anymore.
I want to marry Tom and Mary's youngest daughter.
Tom was too terrified to do that.
We divided the profit equally.
I told Tom I wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom was told he couldn't do that.
We didn't need to be so early.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom was the only person punished.
We come to Boston once a week.
I think Tom wouldn't be lonely if Mary were here.
Tom was the only person arrested.
We caught a lot of fish today.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom was the first one to go home.
We can't ignore these reports.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom was on television last night.
We can never be friends again.
I think Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
Tom was my coach for three years.
This won't affect my decision.
I think Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
Tom was is in the passenger seat.
This umbrella looks like mine.
I don't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom was interested in doing that.
This poem is easy to memorize.
I didn't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom was in jail for three nights.
This bridge was built in 2013.
I didn't tell anyone that I saw Tom kissing Mary.
Tom was impressed by what he saw.
They're testing new equipment.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd seen Mary in the park.
Tom was hoping to make a fortune.
They say that they're worried.
Didn't you know that Tom was going out with Mary?
Tom was going to do that himself.
They live in different cities.
Didn't you know Tom used to have a crush on Mary?
Tom wants to be a French teacher.
They fought for their country.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were John's parents?
Tom wanted to get back to school.
They don't eat sausage or ham.
Did you know that Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom wanted to do the right thing.
These lenses are scratchproof.
Tom, Mary, John and I are all in the same class.
Tom wanted to do that very badly.
There's a calendar over there.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom walked through the dense fog.
The police said I was violent.
Tom would do that for Mary if she wanted him to.
Tom used to teach at this school.
The only organist here is you.
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom used to do that every Monday.
The only Canadian here is you.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted to go to college.
Tom used to do that all the time.
The meeting is about to begin.
Tom wondered if Mary really intended to do that.
Tom used to be my French teacher.
That's what people usually do.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom used a towel to dry his hair.
That's not where I want to go.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom tried to jump out of the way.
That's not where I need to go.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom tried really hard to do that.
That's not where I have to go.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she should buy.
Tom told us not to do that again.
That's not what I want to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom told us not to be frightened.
That's not what I need to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom told me you couldn't do that.
That's not what I have to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom told me that you'd done that.
That's a very sensitive issue.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom told me that he's unemployed.
That's a movie worth watching.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom told me that he's suspicious.
Thanks for helping me do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom told me that he's interested.
Shouldn't I be doing that now?
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom told me that he's frightened.
Should I do that now or later?
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he loved her.
Tom told me that he'd be careful.
Please tell me who'll do that.
Tom wants to be gone by the time Mary gets here.
Tom told me that he was offended.
Please let me do that for you.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she should do that.
Tom told me that he was confused.
Please don't do that too much.
Tom told me that he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom told me that I'm incompetent.
Please don't do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary why it was a good idea to do that.
Tom told me not to do that again.
Please do that very carefully.
Tom told Mary why he didn't want her to do that.
Tom told me he's never done that.
Please do that somewhere else.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't have done that.
Tom thought his parents had died.
Perhaps you'd like to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom thought he shouldn't do that.
Our school has 3,students.
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last Monday.
Tom thought he needed to do that.
No one here tells me anything.
Tom told Mary that he was going to kill himself.
Tom thinks you shouldn't do that.
No decision has been made yet.
Tom told Mary that he was determined to do that.
Tom thinks that we can't do that.
My truck is parked over there.
Tom told Mary that he was be obliged to do that.
Tom thinks he's being reasonable.
My truck got stuck in the mud.
Tom told Mary that he thought you could do that.
Tom taught French for many years.
My room is cleaner than yours.
Tom told Mary that he thought she'd been unfair.
Tom successfully passed the exam.
My parents fight all the time.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was beautiful.
Tom studied economics in college.
My parents argue all the time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't upset.
Tom still isn't fluent in French.
My parents are both Canadians.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't crazy.
Tom still hasn't said he's sorry.
My name was third on the list.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't brave.
Tom still hasn't moved to Boston.
My name was first on the list.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't bossy.
Tom still goes to work every day.
My mother is older than yours.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was upstairs.
Tom still does that every summer.
My house is near where I work.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unbiased.
Tom still does that every Monday.
My family is living in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was ticklish.
Tom still can't use his left arm.
My expectations were too high.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was thrilled.
Tom stayed longer than he had to.
My cat doesn't sleep at night.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was stubborn.
Tom stayed here for a short time.
My approach will be different.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sensible.
Tom sprained his wrist on Monday.
My ancestors came from Europe.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was prepared.
Tom sprained his ankle on Monday.
Maybe we won't finish on time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was outraged.
Tom spent the whole day swimming.
Maybe I'll study French today.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was mistaken.
Tom spent a lot of time studying.
Let's try to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was innocent.
Tom spends too much time working.
Let's play cards after dinner.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impolite.
Tom speaks French extremely well.
Let's order a pizza for lunch.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was handsome.
Tom sounds like he's a great guy.
Let's go to Boston next month.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was friendly.
Tom sounds a lot like his father.
Let's do that some other time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was creative.
Tom sold his car three weeks ago.
Let me tie your shoes for you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was confused.
Tom snored loudly while he slept.
It's way too early to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was barefoot.
Tom skimmed through the magazine.
It's too early to do that now.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was annoying.
Tom sipped the hot coffee slowly.
It's no use trying to do that.
Tom told Mary that he had been lonely in Boston.
Tom shouldn't do that by himself.
It's getting warmer every day.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sad.
Tom shouldn't be allowed in here.
It's getting colder every day.
Tom told Mary that John used to be his roommate.
Tom shouldn't be able to do this.
It's fun to do that, isn't it?
Tom told Mary not to leave, but she left anyway.
Tom should've won, in my opinion.
It's Monday that I'll do that.
Tom told Mary it would be OK for her to do that.
Tom should've refused to do that.
It'll take forever to do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't go to Boston with her.
Tom should've gotten home by now.
It'll soon be time to do that.
Tom thought Mary was present at today's meeting.
Tom should've filled up his tank.
It'll be expensive to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom should've been on that train.
It'll be dangerous to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be here until after lunch.
Tom should've been on that plane.
It would be unsafe to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom should really think about it.
It would be tiring to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom should probably do that soon.
It would be simple to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom should never have to do that.
It would be better to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Boston all week.
Tom should go to Boston with you.
It wasn't much fun doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom should get the death penalty.
It was really muggy yesterday.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom should be willing to do that.
It snows a lot where I'm from.
Tom suspected that it was too late to help Mary.
Tom should be through doing that.
It snowed every day last week.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom should be the one doing that.
It should be cheap to do that.
Tom should've told Mary that she had to do that.
Tom should be helping us do this.
It rained every day last week.
Tom should wait until Mary gets here to do that.
Tom should be ashamed of himself.
Isn't it dangerous to do that?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom should be allowed to do that.
Is there a zoo near your home?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be so nosy.
Tom shot and killed three tigers.
Is it OK to speak French here?
Tom says there's nothing Mary can do about that.
Tom seldom speaks French anymore.
Is gold cheaper than platinum?
Tom says he's already talked to Mary about that.
Tom seems to know how to do that.
If you're tired, take a break.
Tom says he won't do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom seems to have figured it out.
I've recently moved to Boston.
Tom says he thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom seems to be eager to do that.
I've just finished doing that.
Tom says he knows Mary wanted to move to Boston.
Tom seemed to do a very nice job.
I've had a lot of girlfriends.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't ask him to do that.
Tom seemed to be very happy here.
I've enjoyed doing that a lot.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who has to do that.
Tom says they're doing just that.
I've done that numerous times.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she has to do that.
Tom says that he does that a lot.
I've done that enough already.
Tom says he expects Mary to do that later today.
Tom says that doesn't bother him.
I've been told not to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom says it'll be worth the wait.
I've been studying since 2:30.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom says his stomach still hurts.
I've been doing that all week.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom says his conscience is clear.
I'm very reluctant to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom says he's too old to do that.
I'm troubled by what happened.
Tom says he's never seen a panda.
I'm too poor to hire a lawyer.
Tom says he doesn't really know how old Mary is.
Tom says he's even eaten insects.
I'm tired, so I won't do that.
Tom says he and Mary went to Boston last winter.
Tom says he's been asked to stay.
I'm thinking about doing that.
Tom says he and Mary usually eat lunch together.
Tom says he'll keep working hard.
I'm the owner of this company.
Tom said there's nothing he can do to help Mary.
Tom says he'll do what he has to.
I'm the only one who's scared.
Tom said that Mary wasn't playing chess anymore.
Tom says he'd rather not do that.
I'm sure that's what happened.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be having fun.
Tom says he wants more than that.
My savings will soon run out.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary to do that.
Tom says he used to teach French.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary can do that.
Tom says he used to study French.
I'm really glad that happened.
Tom said he'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's possible.
I'm really enjoying this book.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Tom says he remembers doing that.
I'm not sure I should do that.
Tom said he was going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom says he often forgets things.
I'm not capable of doing that.
Tom said he wanted to see if Mary could do that.
Tom says he needs more than that.
I'm not as young as you think.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom says he isn't having any fun.
I'm not able to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom says he has plans to do that.
I'm just about to do that now.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that.
Tom says he has other priorities.
I'm going to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that.
Tom says he doesn't study French.
I'm busy doing that right now.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't speak French.
I'm aware of what's happening.
Tom said he isn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom says he didn't know about it.
I'm able to understand French.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom says he didn't have a lawyer.
I'll work in Boston next year.
Tom said he hoped Mary would do that right away.
Tom says he did it for the money.
I'll do that while it's quiet.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to help us.
Tom says aliens had abducted him.
I'll do that when I have time.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom says I ought to study French.
I'll do that if you pay me to.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom says I don't need to do that.
I'll do that even if it rains.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom says I don't have to do that.
I'll be here for three months.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom saw me when I was doing that.
I'll arrange to get that done.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom sat down and lit a cigarette.
I'd stay in Boston if I could.
Tom said he doesn't know any of Mary's children.
Tom sat at the head of the table.
I'd recommend studying French.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom said what he intended to say.
I'd rather you didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom said whales are worth saving.
I'd never consider doing that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said the truck wasn't locked.
I'd like to go there with you.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said the event was a success.
I'd like one of those scarves.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that would never happen.
I'd come to Boston if I could.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that would happen soon.
I'd be tempted to do that now.
Tom said Mary's parents seemed like nice people.
Tom said that wasn't a good idea.
I work as an ambulance driver.
Tom said Mary would likely be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was ready to go.
I wonder if I need to do that.
Tom said Mary would be going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he really liked me.
I won't study French tomorrow.
Tom said Mary wasn't willing to do that anymore.
Tom said that he likes good wine.
I won't permit you to do that.
Tom said Mary was troubled by what had happened.
Tom said that he doesn't do that.
I won't have to do that alone.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help you do that.
Tom said that he broke the glass.
I won't have to do that again.
Tom said Mary was too drunk to help you do that.
Tom said that could never happen.
I won't go to Boston with you.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help John do that.
Tom said that I had to study French.
I won't be doing that anymore.
Tom said Mary was the one who wanted to do that.
Tom said it was him who did that.
I won't be allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary was the one who needed to do that.
Tom said it could cause problems.
I wish you would speak French.
Tom said Mary was reluctant to do that for John.
Tom said his stomach still hurts.
I wish I hadn't spoken French.
Tom said Mary was living in Boston at that time.
Tom said his house wasn't locked.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be unemployed.
Tom said his conscience is clear.
I wish I hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be suspicious.
Tom said he's willing to do that.
I wish I could do this better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be interested.
Tom said he's through doing that.
I wish I could do that better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be handcuffed.
Tom said he's tempted to do that.
I wasn't sure I could do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be frightened.
Tom said he's ready for the test.
I wasn't permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be downstairs.
Tom said he's only tried it once.
I wasn't in Boston last month.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be doing that.
Tom said he's fascinated by that.
I wasn't able to study French.
Tom said Mary wanted John to do that by himself.
Tom said he's been robbed before.
I was told to stay in my room.
Tom said Mary told him she was ready to do that.
Tom said he's been feeling tired.
I was the last one to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that.
Tom said he'd rather not go home.
I was in Boston two weeks ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that.
Tom said he'd pay for the dinner.
I was impressed by what I saw.
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said he'd never teach French.
I was going to do that myself.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he'd never study French.
I was being forced to do that.
Tom said Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said he'd likely not do that.
I was allowed to speak French.
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that.
Tom said he'd do that and he did.
I was advised to study French.
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that.
Tom said he'd definitely do that.
I wanted to study French, too.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing to help us.
I wanted to go to the library.
Tom said Mary is probably still studying French.
I wanted to go back to school.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at speaking French.
Tom said he'd be doing that soon.
I wanted to go back to Boston.
Tom said Mary is going to go see John in Boston.
Tom said he'd be back in October.
I wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary has never seen him wearing a suit.
Tom said he'd be able to do that.
I wanted to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary has never seen John wearing a hat.
Tom said he would do that for me.
I want you to teach me French.
Tom said Mary has been trying to be cooperative.
Tom said he wasn't offered a job.
I want to see you immediately.
Tom said Mary has been told not do that anymore.
Tom said he was worried about me.
I want to play chess with you.
Tom said Mary has always been interested in art.
Tom said he was unlikely do that.
I want to move back to Boston.
Tom said Mary had a really hard time doing that.
Tom said he was told not do that.
I want to go hunting with you.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that by herself.
Tom said he was ready to do that.
I want to get a part-time job.
Tom said Mary didn't think John really did that.
Tom said he was happy to do that.
I want to do that immediately.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary what we did that.
Tom said he was enjoying himself.
I want to do better next time.
Tom reminded Mary that she had to do that today.
Tom said he was asked to do that.
I want to continue doing that.
Tom promised Mary that he'd never do that again.
Tom said he wants to change that.
I told you to quit doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary did that.
Tom said he wants to buy a yacht.
I thought you weren't married.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was arrested.
Tom said he wants to be a lawyer.
I thought you used to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is Canadian.
Tom said he thought I looked sad.
I thought I'd like to do that.
Tom probably couldn't talk Mary into doing that.
Tom said he thought I looked fit.
I thought I needed to do that.
Tom pretended not to notice what Mary was doing.
Tom said he saw a UFO last night.
I think it might rain tonight.
Tom must've thought Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said he plans to be a doctor.
I think I've done that before.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he paid $in advance.
I think I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said he likes to help others.
I think I should visit Boston.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said he isn't having any fun.
I think I should study French.
Tom must've been faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he hopes to change that.
I think I should go to Boston.
Tom looked around the room, but didn't see Mary.
Tom said he heard a lot of shots.
I think I may want to do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't do that.
Tom said he felt like doing that.
I think Boston is a safe city.
Tom let Mary know he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he felt good about that.
I swear I won't do that again.
Tom knows that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said he doesn't hunt anymore.
I suspected this would happen.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to dance.
I study French whenever I can.
Tom is waiting for Mary in front of the station.
Tom said he didn't smoke anymore.
I still haven't done that yet.
Tom is trying to convince Mary to do that today.
Tom said he didn't have a lawyer.
I still have a lot of bananas.
Tom is the only one who ever really helped Mary.
Tom said he did that three times.
I sometimes do that by myself.
Tom is good at singing, but not as good as Mary.
Tom said he appreciated the help.
I shouldn't do that by myself.
Tom informed Mary that she had to do that today.
Tom said doing that would be fun.
I shouldn't be doing this now.
Tom has told Mary that he's required to do that.
Tom said I should've walked away.
I should've done that earlier.
Tom has told Mary she looks a little overweight.
Tom said I ought to study French.
I should've called the police.
Tom has to be glad that Mary is coming to visit.
Tom said I made the wrong choice.
I should've brought more food.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever Mary wants.
Tom said I don't need to do that.
I should've been more patient.
Tom has been trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said I don't have to do that.
I should probably not do that.
Tom has apologized to Mary for having done that.
Tom returned to Boston on Monday.
I should probably go home now.
Tom has already told Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom refused to sign the petition.
I should go ahead and do that.
Tom has already told Mary what needs to be done.
Tom really wants to study French.
I should be there pretty soon.
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom really wants to keep his job.
I should be in Boston by 2:30.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom really should've done better.
I should be getting paid more.
Tom figured if Mary could do that, he could too.
Tom really should think about it.
I should be back here by 2:30.
Tom explained to Mary why she shouldn't do that.
Tom really looks a lot like John.
I shot and killed both wolves.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for Mary to do that.
Tom really likes traveling a lot.
I seldom speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom really likes science fiction.
I seldom go to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom really likes chocolate a lot.
I see no need to study French.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that today.
Tom really doesn't have a choice.
I see no need to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that again.
I sat together at the counter.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow me to do that.
Tom reads at a third grade level.
I said I was going to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is capable of doing that.
Tom read a story to his children.
I remember giving you the key.
Tom doesn't remember Mary asking him to do that.
Tom rarely speaks French anymore.
I really want to study French.
Tom doesn't really think Mary did that, does he?
Tom rarely does things like that.
I really want to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary would want to do that.
Tom quit smoking three years ago.
I probably won't study French.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of school.
Tom put some butter on his toast.
I plan to swim while I'm here.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Tom promised to do that tomorrow.
I plan to come to Boston soon.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is thirsty or not.
Tom promised not to go out alone.
I never wanted to get married.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her computer.
Tom probably won't pass the test.
I never wanted this to happen.
Tom doesn't know what Mary would like him to do.
Tom probably won't pass the exam.
I never wanted that to happen.
Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom probably won't get the prize.
I needed to do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can do that by herself.
Tom probably won't do that today.
I needed to do that by myself.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom probably won't do that again.
I need to remember to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom probably isn't in his office.
I need to make some decisions.
Tom didn't think Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom probably isn't in Boston now.
I need to buy some blue paint.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary did that.
Tom played soccer and basketball.
I need to buy another bicycle.
Tom didn't notice that Mary had a new hairstyle.
Tom plans to retire when he's 65.
I might not go shopping today.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom plans to do better next time.
I may go to Boston next month.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom plans to continue doing that.
I made the same mistake again.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom plans to come back to Boston.
I looked in my bag for my pen.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was thirsty or not.
Tom picked me up on his way home.
I left my umbrella in the hall.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could drive or not.
Tom owns many valuable paintings.
Tom didn't know where Mary had bought her watch.
Tom overslept and missed his bus.
I know you aren't really busy.
Tom didn't know what Mary was thinking of doing.
Tom outlived many of his friends.
I know why you went to Boston.
Tom didn't know what Mary was making for dinner.
Tom often eats fruit for dessert.
I know why you had to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary would be at the party.
Tom often doesn't come to school.
I know why you didn't do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom no longer works as a teacher.
I know why I ought to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom never wants to do that again.
I know where you hide your key.
Tom didn't know how much more money Mary wanted.
Tom never wanted to teach French.
I know what's really going on.
Tom didn't know how much Mary wanted to do that.
Tom never studies French anymore.
I know what time you got home.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom never seems to feel the heat.
I know three girls named Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that today.
Tom never seems to feel the cold.
I know that's not worth doing.
Tom decided not to speak French to Mary anymore.
Tom never made it onto the plane.
I know that I want to do that.
Tom decided Mary was the one who should do that.
Tom never forgot to pay his rent.
I know that I need to do that.
Tom could do that for Mary if she wanted him to.
Tom never forgets to do anything.
I know that I have to do that.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom never felt sorry for himself.
I know not to do that anymore.
Tom asked Mary why she had never studied French.
Tom never expected to walk again.
I know how to play the violin.
Tom asked Mary why she had left the party early.
Tom needs to lower his standards.
I know how to play the guitar.
Tom asked Mary to stop complaining all the time.
Tom needs to consider doing that.
I know I'm in big trouble now.
Tom asked Mary if she really enjoyed doing that.
Tom needs crutches to get around.
I know I have to keep working.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that by herself.
Tom must've thought nobody cared.
I knew I'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to the dance together.
Tom must've done that by himself.
I just do what I'm told to do.
Tom and Mary talked to each other all afternoon.
Tom must've been scared to death.
I hope you can do that for us.
Tom and Mary still talk to each other every day.
Tom must be desperate to do that.
I hope you can do that for me.
Tom and Mary have never been on a date together.
Tom mostly talked about his trip.
I hope tomorrow isn't too hot.
Tom and Mary almost never argue with each other.
Tom moonlighted as a taxi driver.
I hope to become an architect.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom misses his mother and father.
I hope to be a barber someday.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom might be studying French now.
I hope that you don't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom may want to do that with you.
I hope it won't snow tomorrow.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom may speak French if he wants.
I hope it won't rain tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be happy if Mary did that.
Tom may speak French if he likes.
I helped the kids get dressed.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom may not go to Boston with us.
I haven't watered the flowers.
I know Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
Tom may have everything he wants.
I haven't finished the report.
I don't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom may go to Boston next summer.
I haven't ever studied French.
I don't think Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom may do that however he likes.
I have to take out the garbage.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary do that again.
Tom may do that any way he likes.
I have to remember to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be married?
Tom may come back to Boston soon.
I have to go to do that today.
You think Tom will do that for Mary, don't you?
Tom may be in for a big surprise.
I have to buy a pair of boots.
You asked Tom to help Mary do that, didn't you?
Tom made sure that didn't happen.
I have many unmarried friends.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wouldn't do that.
Tom loved his family and friends.
I have many questions for you.
Tom would stop doing that if Mary asked him to.
Tom lost my respect when he quit.
I had no idea I was too noisy.
Tom would like you to show Mary how to do that.
Tom looks like a friendly person.
I had a feeling you'd do that.
Tom wondered who Mary had invited to her party.
Tom looks better with short hair.
I guess we'll have to do that.
Tom wondered where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom looked like he'd been crying.
I got tired trying to do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she should buy.
Tom looked back at me and smiled.
I got really tired doing that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom looked back and smiled at me.
I felt no pressure to do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom locked the money in the safe.
I felt I didn't have a choice.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom locked the doors and windows.
I expect you to do that today.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom likes to go horseback riding.
I expect to be in Boston soon.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom likes swimming in the summer.
I eat only what I want to eat.
Tom won't be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom likes baseball and basketball.
I don't yet know what I'll do.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom left the room when I came in.
I don't wear a hat very often.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom left for Australia yesterday.
I don't want to work overtime.
Tom will probably tell Mary to be home by 2:30.
Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't want to take a chance.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom knows what he's getting into.
I don't want to stand in line.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't leave her.
Tom knows the value of education.
I don't want to sing with you.
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to do that.
Tom knows not to do that anymore.
I don't want to sell my house.
Tom wasn't much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't want to pay that much.
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom knows he's going to be fired.
I don't want to miss my plane.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom knows he should study French.
I don't want to make a speech.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom knows he has to study French.
I don't want to go to my room.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he did that.
Tom knows he has to speak French.
I don't want to go to college.
Tom was fortunate that Mary helped him do that.
Tom knows he has to keep working.
I don't want to give a speech.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that for Mary.
Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't want to eat leftovers.
Tom usually calls Mary at 2:every afternoon.
Tom knows all about these things.
I don't want to eat ice cream.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was away.
Tom knew what he was looking for.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could do that.
Tom knew what he was going to do.
I don't want to dance anymore.
Tom told Mary that she should be more tolerant.
Tom knew that was what we needed.
I don't want to clean my room.
Tom told Mary that he'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom knew he couldn't be replaced.
I don't want to be left alone.
Tom told Mary that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom knew I couldn't speak French.
I don't want my picture taken.
Tom told Mary that he was desperate to do that.
Tom just looked at me and smiled.
I don't usually walk anywhere.
Tom told Mary that he told John not to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to be late.
I don't usually use sunscreen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was worried.
Tom isn't very likely to be busy.
I don't usually lock my house.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unlucky.
Tom isn't usually busy on Monday.
I don't usually eat breakfast.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was thirsty.
Tom isn't tall enough to do that.
I don't usually drive to work.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sincere.
Tom isn't sure how much he drank.
I don't think you can do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was retired.
Tom isn't sure he should do that.
I don't think it was my fault.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was outside.
Tom isn't sure he has to do that.
I don't really need the money.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was nervous.
Tom isn't supposed to have a gun.
I don't play tennis very well.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was married.
Tom isn't rich enough to do that.
I don't plan to go to college.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was jealous.
Tom isn't really that old, is he?
I don't often play backgammon.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was healthy.
Tom isn't ready to talk about it.
I don't often do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was furious.
Tom isn't likely to be last.
I don't normally speak French.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was excited.
Tom isn't likely to be home.
I don't need to do that today.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was correct.
Tom isn't likely to be here.
I don't need to do that alone.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was annoyed.
Tom isn't likely to be done.
I don't need to do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was pretty.
Tom isn't likely to be cold.
I don't need to be here today.
Tom told Mary that John was outside with Alice.
Tom isn't going to be doing that.
I don't mind living by myself.
Tom told Mary that John used to live in Boston.
Tom isn't able to do that either.
I don't like to repeat myself.
Tom told Mary she should leave, but she stayed.
Tom isn't a citizen of Australia.
I don't like to make mistakes.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't mind if she did that.
Tom is willing to do that for us.
I don't like to be laughed at.
Tom thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom is very impatient to do that.
I don't like that plan at all.
Tom thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom is usually at home on Monday.
I don't like that idea at all.
Tom thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom is trying to protect himself.
I don't like climbing ladders.
Tom thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom is trying to figure that out.
I don't like being unemployed.
Tom thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom is trying to change all that.
I don't like being criticized.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom is troubled by what happened.
I don't like Boston very much.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom is too young to be the mayor.
I don't know when it happened.
Tom thinks Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom is too sleepy to do that now.
I don't know what you've done.
Tom thinks Mary won't be in Boston much longer.
Tom is too scared to do that now.
I don't know what I'll do yet.
Tom thinks Mary will be in Boston next weekend.
Tom is too overweight to do that.
I don't know much about music.
Tom thinks Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom is too frightened to do that.
I don't know much about birds.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom is too diplomatic to do that.
I don't know how to tie a tie.
Tom started jokingly calling Mary his fiance.
Tom is too afraid to do that now.
I don't know how to play the oboe.
Tom showed the letter he got from Mary to John.
Tom is through doing that by now.
I don't know how to play jazz.
Tom should tell Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom is thinking about doing that.
I don't know how to play golf.
Tom should tell Mary that he can't eat peanuts.
Tom is the treasurer of our club.
I don't have to worry anymore.
Tom should tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom is the president of the club.
I don't have to keep anything.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be afraid.
Tom is the only person I've told.
I don't have to do this today.
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is the one who feeds our dog.
I don't have to do that alone.
Tom should probably tell Mary he can't do that.
Tom is the one I'm worried about.
I don't have to be here today.
Tom seems to be aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom is the new assistant manager.
I don't have one of those yet.
Tom seems convinced that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is the best student in class.
I don't have any more details.
Tom seems convinced that Mary needs to do that.
Tom is still working as a waiter.
I don't have a girlfriend now.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary had done that.
Tom is still refusing to do that.
I don't have a dependable car.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can to help Mary.
Tom is still living in Australia.
I don't go to bars very often.
Tom says he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom is still learning to do that.
I don't enjoy studying French.
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually do that.
Tom is still in a state of shock.
I don't do that on rainy days.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't refuse to do that.
Tom is still feeding the pigeons.
I don't do that for the money.
Tom says he hopes Mary will do that by herself.
Tom is still a very athletic guy.
I don't do that every morning.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who won't do that.
Tom is so lucky to have survived.
I don't always tell the truth.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom is smart enough to know this.
I don't always obey the rules.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom is sick, so he won't do that.
I don't always do it that way.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom is ready to get back to work.
I don't actually do that much.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom is rather handsome, isn't he?
I do that at least once a day.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom is quite optimistic about it.
I didn't wear jeans yesterday.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
Tom is probably going to do that.
I didn't want to travel alone.
Tom says he doesn't know how Mary will do that.
Tom is primarily a third baseman.
I didn't want to study French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is pretty good at everything.
I didn't want to stay at home.
Tom says he didn't know Mary needed to do that.
Tom is paid a lot for doing that.
I didn't want to speak French.
Tom says he can't believe Mary really did that.
Tom is our new assistant manager.
I didn't want to sing anymore.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that.
Tom is only trying to be popular.
I didn't want to sell my land.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John could do that.
Tom is one of our better players.
I didn't want to sell my farm.
Tom said there was no need for Mary to do that.
Tom is my daughter's best friend.
I didn't want to leave Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom is married to John's ex-wife.
I didn't want to go to school.
Tom said that Mary would go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is lucky to still have a job.
I didn't want to go to church.
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to walk anymore.
Tom is lucky that he can do that.
I didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wanted to borrow some money.
Tom is lucky he didn't get fired.
I didn't want to go by myself.
Tom said that Mary should've been more careful.
Tom is likely to want to do that.
I didn't want to go back home.
Tom said that Mary needed to borrow some money.
Tom is likely to still be sleepy.
I didn't want to get involved.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that.
Tom is likely to still be scared.
I didn't want to eat anything.
Tom said that Mary has been very busy all week.
Tom is likely to still be lonely.
I didn't want to ask for help.
Tom said he's looking forward to visiting Mary.
Tom is likely to still be hungry.
I didn't want anything to eat.
Tom said he'd try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is likely to still be groggy.
I didn't want any more to eat.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom is likely to still be afraid.
I didn't think you'd be early.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom is likely to need to do that.
I didn't think you'd be alone.
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom is likely to have to do that.
I didn't think you were awake.
Tom said he wasn't going to be at Mary's party.
Tom is having a really hard time.
I didn't think I had a choice.
Tom said he thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom is having a really good year.
I didn't tell the whole truth.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom is good at playing the drums.
I didn't stop the car in time.
Tom said he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom is good at playing the banjo.
I didn't see the truck coming.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom is good at almost everything.
I didn't recognize my ex-wife.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom is going to camp this summer.
I didn't play rugby yesterday.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom is getting bigger and bigger.
I didn't plan to go to Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that.
Tom is getting better and better.
I didn't need to speak French.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that.
Tom is getting all the attention.
I didn't much like what I saw.
Tom said he likes pizza the way Mary makes it.
Tom is facing years in prison.
I didn't know you were joking.
Tom said he hoped Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom is enthusiastic about tennis.
I didn't know you were hungry.
Tom said he expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom is doing what he wants to do.
I didn't know you were asleep.
Tom said he expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom is doing what he needs to do.
I didn't know you knew French.
Tom said he expected Mary to be back on Monday.
Tom is doing very well in Boston.
I didn't know just what to do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary still does that.
Tom is doing really, really well.
I didn't know how lucky I was.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom is determined to get it done.
I didn't know about the party.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary's husband was.
Tom is determined to do his part.
I didn't help wash the dishes.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary wanted to do.
Tom is determined not to do that.
I didn't have to wait so long.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary needed to do.
Tom is currently based in Boston.
I didn't have to wait in line.
Tom said he assumed Mary would want to do that.
Tom is coming back for you later.
I didn't have time to do that.
Tom said Mary's horse is a lot faster than his.
Tom is camping with some friends.
I didn't have any place to go.
Tom said Mary would probably still be confused.
Tom is busy preparing dinner now.
I didn't have a place to stay.
Tom said Mary won't be excused from doing that.
Tom is better than he used to be.
I didn't have a job last year.
Tom said Mary wasn't troubled by what happened.
Tom is being blamed for the mess.
I didn't feel pain right away.
Tom said Mary wasn't going to do that with him.
Tom is becoming more independent.
I didn't feel like exercising.
Tom said Mary was willing to help John do that.
Tom is as good as he's ever been.
I didn't feel like doing that.
Tom said Mary was trying not to be pessimistic.
Tom is apt to forget his promise.
I didn't explain it very well.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help you do that.
Tom is an owner of a golf course.
I didn't do that the easy way.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be terrified.
Tom is an incredibly good skater.
I didn't do that deliberately.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be skeptical.
Tom is an artist like his father.
I didn't deny that I did that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be miserable.
Tom is an artist and art teacher.
I didn't come home until 2:30.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be in Boston.
Tom is an actor and a songwriter.
I didn't care if I won or not.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be depressed.
Tom is amused by what's going on.
I didn't believe what I heard.
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd do that with her.
Tom is always the first one here.
I didn't actually do anything.
Tom said Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom is always at home on Sundays.
I did that with three friends.
Tom said Mary was going to ask John to do that.
Tom is already retired, isn't he?
I did that from 12:to 2:30.
Tom said Mary was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom is already halfway to Boston.
I did that as soon as I could.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that.
Tom is almost never busy anymore.
I couldn't find what I wanted.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that.
Tom is afraid of his grandfather.
I could've refused to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that.
Tom is about to leave for Boston.
I come to Boston twice a year.
Tom said Mary should've stayed and helped John.
Tom is able to understand French.
I can't continue working here.
Tom said Mary should've asked John to help her.
Tom is able to speak French, too.
I can't come because I'm sick.
Tom said Mary should do that when she has time.
Tom is a writer living in Boston.
I can't be at today's meeting.
Tom said Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom is a very talented young man.
I can't afford to get married.
Tom said Mary just has to wait a little longer.
Tom is a very shrewd businessman.
I can't afford to buy a house.
Tom said Mary is reluctant to do that for John.
Tom is a very independent person.
I can only do that on Mondays.
Tom said Mary is probably still doing that now.
Tom is a very hardworking person.
I can leave if you want me to.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to doing that.
Tom is a very good figure skater.
I bought you something to eat.
Tom said Mary has to do that before she leaves.
Tom is a very accomplished actor.
I believe that'll happen soon.
Tom said Mary has been forgiven for doing that.
Tom is a talented young director.
I baked a cake this afternoon.
Tom said Mary has been asked not do that again.
Tom is a student at this college.
I always knew I could do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't have any books in French.
Tom is a science fiction fanatic.
I advise you to do that today.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom is a good husband and father.
I actually did that yesterday.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that alone.
Tom is a good guy to have around.
I actually did that by myself.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary why we did that.
Tom invested his money in stocks.
How often do you have parties?
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary how we did that.
Tom introduced me to his parents.
How often do you go to dances?
Tom said I shouldn't have told Mary about that.
Tom intends to go back to Boston.
How many tickets will you buy?
Tom promised Mary he'd help her this afternoon.
Tom intends to buy a new bicycle.
How many hot dogs did you buy?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary isn't happy.
Tom insisted he wouldn't do that.
How many children do you want?
Tom probably doesn't know who did that to Mary.
Tom inserted the key in the lock.
How long do I have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is unhappy.
Tom hung the picture upside down.
How about doing that tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary got injured.
Tom hung the lamp on a tree limb.
How about doing that together?
Tom probably can't talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom hopes to return to Australia.
How I can lose weight quickly?
Tom probably can't do that as well as Mary can.
Tom hired a private investigator.
Have you taught French before?
Tom must've thought Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom hid in an abandoned building.
Have you found a solution yet?
Tom may be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom hasn't won a race since 2013.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he would do that.
Tom hasn't won a game since 2013.
Has a solution been found yet?
Tom let Mary know that he was going to do that.
Tom hasn't studied French before.
Had you ever done that before?
Tom knows that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom hasn't really done that much.
Giving up is always an option.
Tom isn't very likely to know where Mary lives.
Tom hasn't even tried to do that.
Everyone is watching football.
Tom is the only person Mary says she can trust.
Tom hasn't done that yet, has he?
Everyone in my family is rich.
Tom is the only one who ever really liked Mary.
Tom hasn't checked the doors yet.
Don't you have to do that now?
Tom hopes Mary knows what John wants her to do.
Tom hasn't been very busy lately.
Don't forget to shut the gate.
Tom hasn't done that as many times as Mary has.
Tom has won more than medals.
Don't forget to buy some eggs.
Tom has to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom has vowed that he'll do that.
Don't ask me stupid questions.
Tom has asked Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom has a very good taste in music.
Doing that's really very easy.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom has told me he won't do that.
Doing that's always an option.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom has told me he can't do that.
Doing that's a very good idea.
Tom has already told Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom has told me I should do that.
Doing that would be too risky.
Tom had no idea when Mary was going to do that.
Tom has to do that every morning.
Doing that would be obnoxious.
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to do that.
Tom has three university degrees.
Doing that would be hilarious.
Tom had no choice but to allow Mary to do that.
Tom has three meetings on Monday.
Doing that won't be very easy.
Tom had a crush on Mary when he was a teenager.
Tom has the evidence to prove it.
Doing that should be possible.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she wanted.
Tom has strong religious beliefs.
Doing that seems stupid to me.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she needed.
Tom has started doing that again.
Doing that isn't allowed here.
Tom explained to Mary why she couldn't do that.
Tom has since returned to school.
Doing that is relatively easy.
Tom doesn't think Mary would forget to do that.
Tom has said he wants to do that.
Do you think we could do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that by herself.
Tom has said he needs to do that.
Do you think monkeys are cute?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that soon.
Tom has run away from home again.
Do you really wish to do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom has remarried his first wife.
Do you really think it's safe?
Tom doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom has no money to buy anything.
Do you often use a dictionary?
Tom doesn't think Mary really meant to do that.
Tom has no choice but to do that.
Do you intend to do that here?
Tom doesn't think Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom has never refused to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is permitted to do that.
Tom has never lived in Australia.
Do that as quickly as you can.
Tom doesn't think Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom has never been very friendly.
Do both of you work in Boston?
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary wants to do.
Tom has never been a good singer.
Do I need a permit to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary needs to do.
Tom has never actually done that.
Do I have to do that tomorrow?
Tom doesn't see why Mary would want to do that.
Tom has made one serious mistake.
Didn't I tell you I'd do that?
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom has lived with us since 2013.
Did you receive an invitation?
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom has lived there all his life.
Did you come to Boston by bus?
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are arguing.
Tom has just finished doing that.
Could you please come with me?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is sleepy or not.
Tom has just come out of surgery.
Could you come to Boston, too?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is hungry or not.
Tom has inspired me in many ways.
Can we be in Boston by Monday?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can drive or not.
Tom has his own group of friends.
At what time will you do that?
Tom doesn't know what Mary thinks he should do.
Tom has had his appendix removed.
Are you still teaching French?
Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom has given me a lot of advice.
Are you still a horse trainer?
Tom doesn't care whether Mary does that or not.
Tom has expensive tastes in cars.
Are you reluctant to go there?
Tom didn't think Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom has edited a number of books.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that here.
Tom has done that, and so have I.
Are you obliged to do that?
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom has done that for many years.
Are you a regular blood donor?
Tom didn't think Mary was being careful enough.
Tom has decided to go to college.
All our students study French.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that by herself.
Tom has come up with a good plan.
Yours seems better than mine.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom has been doing that all day.
Your technique is impressive.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wanted to quit his job.
Tom has been working really hard.
Your stuff needs to be moved.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary wanted to do.
Tom has been working all morning.
Your speech was really funny.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary needed to do.
Tom has been to Australia before.
Your singing voice isn't bad.
Tom didn't pay any attention to Mary's warning.
Tom has been through this before.
Your prediction was accurate.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom has been teaching since 2013.
Your passport is in my purse.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was sleepy or not.
Tom has been refusing to do that.
Your name is on the envelope.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was hungry or not.
Tom has been injured three times.
Your injuries aren't serious.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could swim or not.
Tom has been hoping that happens.
Your headlights are still on.
Tom didn't know when Mary was going to do that.
Tom has been here more than once.
Your arm had to be amputated.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to do that.
Tom has been doing that too long.
Your advice was very helpful.
Tom didn't know that Mary was a French teacher.
Tom has been doing that all week.
Your advice has been helpful.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to teach French.
Tom has been blamed for the mess.
You're too young to buy beer.
Tom didn't know Mary had to do that by herself.
Tom has been arrested many times.
You're too stupid to do that.
Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
You're skeptical, aren't you?
Tom believes that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom has an opinion on everything.
You're quite shy, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that today.
Tom has always been very helpful.
You're mad at us, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that again.
Tom has always been a hockey fan.
You're a very strange person.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that.
Tom has all day to get that done.
You're a very selfish person.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that.
Tom has agreed to be interviewed.
You're a very patient person.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what John was going.
Tom has a scar on his left cheek.
You're a very beautiful girl.
Tom and Mary wanted to go on a picnic together.
Tom has a lot to be grateful for.
You're a runaway, aren't you?
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to wait for us.
Tom has a hat just like that one.
You're a really good manager.
Tom and I are waiting for Mary, John and Alice.
Tom has a great deal of property.
You're a pretty good swimmer.
The last time Tom saw Mary was three years ago.
Tom has a cabin in the mountains.
You're a pitcher, aren't you?
Neither Tom nor Mary is very likely to do that.
Tom has a background in business.
You're a pianist, aren't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom had to leave his dog at home.
You're a lot older than I am.
It's necessary for Tom to talk to Mary himself.
Tom had the decency to apologize.
You're a good French speaker.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
Tom had surgery on his right leg.
You're a gambler, aren't you?
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
Tom had no complaints about that.
You're a fairly good drummer.
I thought Tom was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom had no choice but to do that.
You're a charmer, aren't you?
I think Tom will be able to help Mary tomorrow.
Tom had never been kissed before.
You're a butcher, aren't you?
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
Tom had his car stolen last week.
You'll never have to do that.
I think Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
Tom had all day to get that done.
You'll need to do that again.
I pretty much told Tom the same thing Mary did.
Tom had a very successful career.
You'd better not do that now.
I don't think Tom would permit Mary to do that.
You'd better do that at once.
I don't think Tom will be doing that with Mary.
Tom graduated first in his class.
You won't be able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom got to the hotel around 2:30.
You still owe me some change.
I asked Tom the same question I had asked Mary.
Tom got suspended for doing that.
You still do that, don't you?
How often does Tom help Mary with her homework?
Tom got some water from the well.
You shouldn't think about it.
Even if Tom doesn't do that, I think Mary will.
Tom got out of his truck and ran.
You should stay here with us.
Didn't you know Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom got dressed and went outside.
You should do that elsewhere.
Did you know Tom was living with Mary's family?
Tom glanced through the magazine.
You seem to enjoy doing that.
Did you know Tom and John were Mary's brothers?
Tom gets paid to play basketball.
You seem hesitant to do that.
Did you know Mary and Alice were Tom's sisters?
Tom gave me a painting as a gift.
You said I shouldn't do that.
You'll ask Tom to do that for Mary, won't you?
Tom gave me a nice pair of boots.
You said I ought not do that.
You knew Tom told Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom found it hard to be unbiased.
You said I needed to do that.
You asked Tom to do that for Mary, didn't you?
Tom forced his way into the room.
You quit your job, don't you?
Why don't you get Tom to tell Mary to do that?
Tom fixed the car all by himself.
You ought to stop doing that.
When was it that Tom went to Boston with Mary?
Tom finds doing that interesting.
You need to start doing that.
Tom would make Mary very happy if he did that.
Tom filed for divorce in October.
You need to listen carefully.
Tom wondered who Mary had gone to Boston with.
Tom filed for bankruptcy in 2013.
You need to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't likely tell Mary which dress to buy.
Tom felt he didn't have a choice.
You need to be more tolerant.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom fell asleep during the movie.
You need a permit to do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom failed to get the nomination.
You must not do that anymore.
Tom won't be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom failed the breathalyzer test.
You may need to study French.
Tom will probably tell Mary which book to buy.
Tom explained the situation well.
You look quite uncomfortable.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom explained his position to me.
You look quite sophisticated.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be so nosy.
Tom enlisted in the Army in 2013.
You look like a friendly guy.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary and her family.
Tom earned his doctorate in 2013.
You look kind of embarrassed.
Tom wasn't the one who wanted Mary to do that.
Tom dropped the cup and it broke.
You like red wine, don't you?
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom drank about as much as I did.
You just drank from my glass.
Tom was the one who showed Mary around Boston.
Tom drank a whole bottle of wine.
You have to start doing that.
Tom was convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to teach French.
You have to do that tomorrow.
Tom was convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't want to stay at home.
You felt nervous, didn't you?
Tom told Mary why he enjoyed dancing with her.
Tom doesn't want to speak French.
You encouraged us to do that.
Tom told Mary to do that as soon as she could.
Tom doesn't want to lose his job.
You drive to work, don't you?
Tom told Mary that she should try to be early.
Tom doesn't want to go to church.
You do that faster than I do.
Tom told Mary that she should stop doing that.
Tom doesn't want to do that here.
You do that better than I do.
Tom told Mary that she should quit doing that.
Tom doesn't want to be suspended.
You do that a lot, don't you?
Tom told Mary that she didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll do that.
You did that wrong last time.
Tom told Mary that he'd be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't think we can do that.
You did that right this time.
Tom told Mary that he was prepared to do that.
Tom doesn't think he can do that.
You can't take pictures here.
Tom told Mary that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom doesn't teach French anymore.
You can leave if you want to.
Tom told Mary that he was finished doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be concerned.
Would you mind if I did that?
Tom told Mary that he thought she'd been fair.
Tom doesn't seem to be breathing.
Would you all please go home?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was stoned.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that.
Would it be OK if I did that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sleepy.
Tom doesn't really have a choice.
Will you be doing that again?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was scared.
Tom doesn't plan to study French.
Will it be ready on the 20th?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was lonely.
Tom doesn't often come to school.
Why would we have to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was insane.
Tom doesn't need to study French.
Why would I buy that for you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was hungry.
Tom doesn't look very busy to me.
Why don't you to relax a bit?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was honest.
Tom doesn't look too upset to me.
Why do you need two bicycles?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was boring.
Tom doesn't look too happy to me.
Why aren't you in Boston now?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was biased.
Tom doesn't look too angry to me.
Why are you coming to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was asleep.
Tom doesn't look like he's tired.
Whose car is that over there?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was afraid.
Tom doesn't look like a beginner.
Who'll go to Boston with you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was absent.
Tom doesn't like to study French.
Who'll be in Boston with you?
Tom told Mary that he had tried to be careful.
Tom doesn't like teaching French.
Who told you I could do that?
Tom told Mary and John that they should leave.
Tom doesn't like studying French.
Who brought the marshmallows?
Tom told Mary about the job he'd been offered.
Tom doesn't like being surprised.
Who braids your hair for you?
Tom thought that it was too late to help Mary.
Tom doesn't know that I'm hungry.
Which way is the post office?
Tom thought he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom doesn't know that I hate him.
Which parking space is yours?
Tom thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom doesn't have to go to school.
Which pair of shoes is yours?
Tom thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't have time to do that.
Where's the manager's office?
Tom thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't have much experience.
Where will you be in October?
Tom thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that.
Where in Boston did you live?
Tom thinks Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom doesn't ever do that anymore.
Where do you usually do that?
Tom thinks Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't even want it anymore.
Where did you stay in Boston?
Tom thinks Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't care how you do that.
Where did you go last summer?
Tom thinks Mary won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't believe you did that.
When will you come to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary won't be motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't believe I'll do that.
When are you going to finish?
Tom thinks Mary won't be here until lunchtime.
Tom doesn't beat around the bush.
What you're doing isn't safe.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom doesn't appear to be unhappy.
What prompted you to do that?
Tom still hasn't forgiven Mary for doing that.
Tom does that three times a week.
Tom should've told Mary not to stay in Boston.
Tom does that as often as he can.
What did you say to the boss?
Tom should've told Mary not to come to Boston.
Tom does nothing but read comics.
What did that suggest to you?
Tom should've asked Mary if she could do that.
Tom does everything very quickly.
Were you wearing a seat belt?
Tom should tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom does as well as you'd expect.
Were you in Boston yesterday?
Tom should tell Mary he won't be at her party.
Tom died while on a hunting trip.
Were you in Boston on Monday?
Tom should tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom died soon after the accident.
Were you in Boston last year?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom died peacefully in his sleep.
Were you in Boston last week?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's hungry.
Tom died of tuberculosis in 2013.
We've decided not to do that.
Tom should be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom died from a brain hemorrhage.
We've already discussed this.
Tom seems to be reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom died because of his injuries.
We'll eat dinner early today.
Tom seemed to be surprised when Mary did that.
Tom died Monday at the age of 30.
We'll do that again sometime.
Tom seemed to be aware of what Mary was doing.
Tom didn't want to make a speech.
We were asked not to do that.
Tom seemed convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom didn't want to give a speech.
We should visit Boston again.
Tom says that Mary isn't very good at cooking.
Tom didn't want to do that again.
We should get out of the way.
Tom says he won't ask Mary to do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to dance anymore.
We should cancel the meeting.
Tom says he still can't believe Mary did that.
Tom didn't want any more trouble.
We often go there on Mondays.
Tom says he hopes Mary will help him tomorrow.
Tom didn't think he had a choice.
We need to know your opinion.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't try to do that.
Tom didn't show up for breakfast.
We need to clean the kitchen.
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that by herself.
Tom didn't seem to want anything.
We need more time to do that.
Tom says he expects Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to want any help.
We must've missed each other.
Tom says he expects Mary to be back on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to like the food.
We have to do that right now.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be very upset.
We had dinner on the veranda.
Tom says he doesn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom didn't seem to be very tired.
We don't need to go anywhere.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom didn't seem to be very angry.
We don't have to do that now.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be interested.
We could do that if we tried.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be having fun.
We can be in Boston all week.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to be busy today.
We both want to study French.
Tom says Mary is planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't return my phone calls.
We both have to study French.
Tom said the Mary's accident wasn't his fault.
Tom didn't really seem surprised.
Wait until Monday to do that.
Tom said that wasn't what Mary should've done.
Tom didn't read the instructions.
This hole needs to be deeper.
Tom said that Mary would be back home by 2:30.
Tom didn't look very comfortable.
This doesn't taste very good.
Tom said that Mary will go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom didn't look like he was busy.
This book is too hard for me.
Tom said that Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom didn't listen to his parents.
They've just made me manager.
Tom said that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't know a thing about it.
They pay me a lot to do that.
Tom said he's very sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom didn't graduate from Harvard.
There's only one thing to do.
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.
Tom didn't give a precise answer.
There's nothing for me to do.
Tom said he wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom didn't expect this to happen.
There's a tollbooth up ahead.
Tom said he wished he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom didn't expect that to happen.
There's a roadblock up ahead.
Tom said he wished he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom didn't even want to go there.
The team needs a new captain.
Tom said he was hoping he could cheer Mary up.
Tom didn't enjoy studying French.
The situation here is unique.
Tom said he wanted Mary to do that by herself.
Tom didn't do what he says he did.
The hall light is burned out.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom didn't do that again, did he?
The economy is in good shape.
Tom didn't ask for my permission.
The captain wants to see you.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom didn't ask even one question.
The airline lost my suitcase.
Tom said he left a few minutes after Mary did.
Tom didn't ask a single question.
That's the woman I talked to.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom didn't appear to be too busy.
That's the reason I did that.
Tom said he hoped Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom didn't acknowledge me at all.
That's the hat I want to buy.
Tom said he hoped Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom did what you asked him to do.
That's the car I want to buy.
Tom said he hasn't met any of Mary's brothers.
Tom did what we wanted him to do.
That's not what I want to do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom did that pretty much all day.
That's not what I need to do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Tom did that not once, but twice.
That's not what I have to do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom did that in a couple of days.
That would change everything.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really did that.
Tom did that as soon as he could.
Quit asking stupid questions.
Tom said he didn't like the way Mary did that.
Tom did his duty, and I did mine.
Please hand in your homework.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary could do that.
Tom did a good job of leading us.
Please give me this and this.
Tom said he couldn't keep Mary for doing that.
Tom deserves to lose his license.
Please don't do that so much.
Tom said he and Mary had a fight this morning.
Tom deserves that and a lot more.
Please do that tomorrow, too.
Tom said Mary would probably do that tomorrow.
Tom delayed answering the letter.
Please do that sometime soon.
Tom said Mary will probably still be confused.
Tom definitely won't get my vote.
Perfume sometimes bothers me.
Tom said Mary wasn't willing to do that again.
Tom definitely wanted to do that.
Our troubles aren't over yet.
Tom said Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom definitely needed to do that.
Our flight has been canceled.
Tom said Mary wasn't happy that John did that.
Tom decided to do that after all.
October 20th was a rainy day.
Tom said Mary was willing to help you do that.
Tom cut down the tree with an ax.
No two people react the same.
Tom said Mary was willing to help him do that.
Tom currently teaches at Harvard.
No children were in the park.
Tom said Mary was willing to do that tomorrow.
Tom cried when he heard the news.
My wife died three years ago.
Tom said Mary was willing to do that for John.
Tom could retire if he wanted to.
My suitcase isn't very heavy.
Tom said Mary was willing to buy that for you.
Tom could probably do that alone.
My savings will run out soon.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help you today.
Tom could feel his knees shaking.
My parents were both doctors.
Tom said Mary was too tired to go any further.
Tom could die from the infection.
My old car is still out back.
Tom said Mary was too out of shape to do that.
Tom could be studying French now.
My name is third on the list.
Tom said Mary was told not to do that anymore.
Tom could be hesitant to do that.
My name is still on the list.
Tom said Mary was the one who did that for us.
Tom could be forgiven, I suppose.
My left arm was badly burned.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be confused.
Tom could be doing that tomorrow.
My house needs to be painted.
Tom said Mary was likely to be home on Monday.
Tom could be called as a witness.
My house isn't far from here.
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd do that for her.
Tom confined himself to his room.
My house burned down in 2013.
Tom said Mary was going to do that on her own.
Tom confessed that he was guilty.
My help isn't needed anymore.
Tom said Mary was going to do that by herself.
Tom completed his degree in 2013.
My grandmother has gray hair.
Tom said Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom complained about the service.
My grandfather retired early.
Tom said Mary seemed to be enjoying the party.
Tom comes to see me now and then.
My grandfather has gray hair.
Tom said Mary ought to do that sometime today.
Tom comes back from Boston today.
My favorite season is summer.
Tom said Mary needs to do that sometime today.
Tom claimed he's never done that.
My favorite month is October.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that.
Tom can't swim and neither can I.
My family liked it in Boston.
Tom said Mary knew John might need to do that.
Tom can't do anything by himself.
My contract won't be renewed.
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that.
Tom can have everything he wants.
My car is in the parking lot.
Tom said Mary isn't usually at home on Monday.
Tom can do that without any help.
My car got stuck in the snow.
Tom said Mary isn't troubled by what happened.
Tom can do that however he likes.
My brother is a veterinarian.
Tom said Mary isn't amused by what's going on.
Tom can do that for you, I think.
My birthday is in three days.
Tom said Mary is willing to help John do that.
Tom can do that any way he likes.
My French has improved a lot.
Tom said Mary is going to ask John to do that.
Tom can do both at the same time.
Maybe we should visit Boston.
Tom said Mary has been told not do that again.
Tom came to a similar conclusion.
Maybe I should do that today.
Tom said Mary has been asked to do that again.
Tom came rushing down the stairs.
Maybe I need to do that, too.
Tom said Mary frequently does that by herself.
Tom calls his mother once a week.
Maybe I have to do that, too.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that.
Tom believes that would be wrong.
Mary made this dress herself.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that with him.
Tom believes that he can do that.
Let's not study French today.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that.
Tom began performing in the 2013.
Let's not speak French today.
Tom said Mary didn't think John could do that.
Tom became a successful reporter.
Let's go to Boston next week.
Tom said Mary didn't sound entirely convinced.
Tom asked me why I had done that.
Let's do that again tomorrow.
Tom said Mary didn't have any books in French.
Tom asked me what had to be done.
Let me go to Boston with you.
Tom probably knows where Mary went to college.
Tom asked me to open the windows.
It's way too late to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was crying.
Tom asked me to help him do that.
It's tough to make ends meet.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary was born.
Tom asked me not to do that here.
It's too late to do that now.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is going.
Tom asked me if he could do that.
It's too cold to do that now.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is hungry.
Tom asked me if I studied French.
It's time to stop doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary hates him.
Tom asked for something to drink.
It's illegal to do that here.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary didn't do that.
Tom appears unwilling to do that.
It's OK to do that, isn't it?
Tom must've thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom apparently wanted to do that.
It's OK if you don't do that.
Tom lost his temper and threw his cup at Mary.
Tom apparently needed to do that.
It'll be possible to do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he did that.
Tom apparently enjoys doing that.
It'll be good if you do that.
Tom kept Mary's letters locked in a metal box.
Tom answered all of my questions.
It'll be fun to visit Boston.
Tom is the only person Mary wants to help her.
Tom announced his plans to leave.
It would be wrong to do that.
Tom is the only one who ever really knew Mary.
Tom and I've just gotten married.
It would be tough to do that.
Tom is the one standing between Mary and John.
Tom and I've decided to break up.
It would be smart to do that.
Tom is the guy standing between Mary and John.
Tom and I've decided not to come.
It would be silly to do that.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that without him.
Tom and I've become good friends.
It would be scary to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows what John is going to do.
Tom and I've always been friends.
It would be risky to do that.
Tom has told Mary to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and I wrote a paper together.
It would be cheap to do that.
Tom has asked Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom and I work at the same place.
It was very cruel to do that.
Tom has already told Mary what she has to buy.
Tom and I wished each other well.
It should be safe to do that.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants to do.
Tom and I were in the same class.
Is there water in the bucket?
Tom has already told Mary what he needs to do.
Tom and I were alone in the room.
Is there a desk in your room?
Tom has already told Mary he wants to do that.
Tom and I were alone in the cave.
Is it dangerous if I do that?
Tom has a guitar that looks a lot like Mary's.
Tom and I went shopping together.
If you're sleepy, take a nap.
Tom had no idea when Mary was going to arrive.
Tom and I wanted some time alone.
If it snows, I won't do that.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom and I want to sell our house.
I've had to postpone my trip.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did that, does he?
Tom and I stayed up late talking.
I've got a very bad headache.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom and I spoke at the same time.
I've found something strange.
Tom doesn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom and I split a bottle of wine.
I've done that several times.
Tom doesn't think Mary will forget to do that.
Tom and I spent the day together.
I did that just yesterday.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be busy next week.
Tom and I spent all day together.
I've decided to visit Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that.
Tom and I sometimes jog together.
I've decided to teach French.
Tom doesn't think Mary has a driver's license.
Tom and I seldom help each other.
I've been waiting since 2:30.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that intentionally.
Tom and I sang the song together.
I've been robbed three times.
Tom doesn't need Mary's permission to do that.
Tom and I really hate each other.
I've been ordered to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary plays the drums.
Tom and I rarely go out together.
I've been doing that all day.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wasn't at his party.
Tom and I quickly became friends.
I'm very hesitant to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants me to do that.
Tom and I often do that together.
I'm trying to be cooperative.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is tired or not.
Tom and I need to sell our house.
I'm too young to get married.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can swim or not.
Tom and I might do that together.
I'm too young to drive a car.
Tom doesn't know that Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom and I live on the same floor.
I'm too tired to do that now.
Tom doesn't have any friends here except Mary.
Tom and I haven't discussed that.
I'm too tired to do anything.
Tom doesn't have Mary's permission to do that.
Tom and I have to sell our house.
I'm too depressed to do that.
Tom didn't want to believe that Mary did that.
Tom and I hardly know each other.
I'm to blame for all of this.
Tom didn't think that Mary could speak French.
Tom and I got married in October.
I'm the person who does that.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to do that.
Tom and I got divorced last year.
I'm sure that'll change soon.
Tom didn't think Mary was finished doing that.
Tom and I go to the same dentist.
I'm sure that you'll like it.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom and I eventually got married.
I'm sure that that'll happen.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he needed more money.
Tom and I enjoy singing together.
I'm still willing to do that.
Tom didn't seem to notice what Mary was doing.
Tom and I don't trust each other.
I'm quiet whenever I do that.
Tom didn't know why Mary asked him to do that.
Tom and I do everything together.
I'm planning to teach French.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was tired or not.
Tom and I disagree on that point.
I'm planning to study French.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was happy or not.
Tom and I didn't know what to do.
I'm planning to speak French.
Tom didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom and I didn't help each other.
I'm often invited to parties.
Tom didn't know where Mary had parked the car.
Tom and I depended on each other.
I'm not very sure about that.
Tom didn't know where Mary had gone to school.
Tom and I danced with each other.
I'm not the least bit hungry.
Tom didn't know when Mary was going to arrive.
Tom and I can't stand each other.
I'm not permitted to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was married to John.
Tom and I bumped into each other.
I'm not in a good mood today.
Tom didn't know that Mary was looking for him.
Tom and I aren't doing very well.
I'm not as rich as you think.
Tom didn't know that Mary was engaged to John.
Tom and I are on the same flight.
I'm not able to speak French.
Tom didn't know that Mary was able to do that.
Tom and I are no longer together.
I'm helping as much as I can.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's daughter.
Tom and I are in the living room.
I'm happy whenever I do that.
Tom didn't know how much money Mary had spent.
Tom and I are having a good time.
I'm going to have to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary would do that so quickly.
Tom and I are from the same town.
I'm a freelance photographer.
Tom didn't know Mary had to do that yesterday.
Tom and I are enjoying ourselves.
I'll wait for you until 2:30.
Tom didn't keep his promise not to tease Mary.
Tom and I agreed with each other.
I'll show you how to do that.
Tom didn't do everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom always yells at his children.
I'll go to Boston next month.
Tom convinced Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom always seems to be talkative.
I'd rather not do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to leave Boston.
Tom always seems to be impatient.
I'd rather not do that again.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to go to Boston.
Tom always seems to be exhausted.
I'd rather do that next week.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't need to do that.
Tom always seems to be confident.
I'd rather do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like doing that.
Tom always said he could do that.
I'd never ever do that again.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't have to do that.
Tom always gets home before 2:30.
I'd like to do that with you.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go for a walk.
Tom always borrows money from me.
I'd like to do that tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that today.
Tom already has plans for Monday.
I'd like to do that sometime.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that today.
Tom agrees that this makes sense.
I'd like to buy that for you.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to a movie together.
Tom agreed to pick me up at 2:30.
I'd like both sugar and milk.
Tom and Mary wanted to go for a walk together.
Tom actually did that to himself.
I'd be opposed to doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't done that in a long time.
Tom actually did that by himself.
I wouldn't do that by myself.
Tom and Mary have decided to do that together.
Tom accused me of stealing money.
I would like to visit Boston.
Tom and Mary don't usually eat the same thing.
Tom's toys are all made of wood.
I worked in Boston last year.
Tom admitted to Mary that he couldn't do that.
Tom's school has 3,students.
I wonder if I should do that.
Perhaps Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom's performance was very good.
I won't try to do that again.
I'm going to need both Tom and Mary's support.
Tom's jokes aren't always funny.
I won't teach French, either.
I'm glad Tom didn't see Mary and John kissing.
Tom's house isn't far from here.
I won't teach French anymore.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary needs to do that.
Tom's going to Boston on Monday.
I won't study French, either.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary can't do that.
Tom's funeral will be on Monday.
I won't let you guys do that.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary had to do that.
Tom's friends tried to help him.
I won't let you go to Boston.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary do that.
Tom's friends couldn't help him.
I won't go to Boston, either.
I think Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
Tom's efforts were unsuccessful.
I won't go to Boston anymore.
I think Tom should go to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom's death was ruled a suicide.
I won't force you to do that.
I think Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom's condition hasn't improved.
I won't do that until Monday.
I hope Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom wouldn't speak French to me.
I won't do that anytime soon.
I don't think Tom would care if Mary did that.
Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I won't come to Boston again.
I don't know why Tom and Mary hate each other.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that.
I won't be staying in Boston.
I don't believe Tom did what Mary said he did.
Tom would like to buy a new car.
I wish we had visited Boston.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy Mary's concert.
Tom would be willing to do that.
I wish someone would do that.
I didn't realize Tom had to help Mary do that.
Tom would be nervous doing that.
I wish I were back in Boston.
I didn't know Tom wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom would be foolish to do that.
I wish I hadn't been so late.
I didn't know Tom needed to help Mary do that.
Tom would be ashamed to do that.
I wish I had something to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary used to be married.
Tom won't permit you to do that.
I went to a party last night.
Fortunately, Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
Tom won't likely try to do that.
I wasn't supposed to do that.
Do you think Tom would permit Mary to do that?
Tom won't likely be sympathetic.
I wasn't in Boston last year.
Did you know Tom used to have a crush on Mary?
Tom won't likely be embarrassed.
I wasn't in Boston last week.
According to Tom, Mary isn't going to do that.
Tom won't likely be discouraged.
I wasn't at school yesterday.
Why don't you get Tom to ask Mary to do that?
Tom won't likely be cooperative.
I wasn't at school last week.
What Tom said about Mary probably isn't true.
Tom won't likely be at home yet.
I wasn't a very good student.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he didn't do that.
Tom won't have to do that alone.
I was sitting at the counter.
Tom would never forgive Mary if she did that.
Tom won't have to do that again.
I was asked to do that again.
Tom would do that again if Mary asked him to.
Tom won't admit that he's wrong.
I was afraid to speak French.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom will probably pass the exam.
I wanted to help you do that.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom will probably never do that.
I wanted to go, but I didn't.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't do that anymore.
Tom will probably do that today.
I wanted to buy that for you.
Tom wondered who Mary thought would help her.
Tom will probably come tomorrow.
I want you to do that for me.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom will probably be unemployed.
I want to talk to all of you.
Tom won't be able to find the money Mary hid.
Tom will probably be suspicious.
I want to see you right away.
Tom will probably tell Mary to go home early.
Tom will probably be reasonable.
I want to see you downstairs.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be afraid.
Tom will probably be handcuffed.
I want to see you doing that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom will probably be frightened.
I want to leave, but I can't.
Tom wasn't able to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom will likely be grumpy today.
I want to go back to college.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom will get married in October.
I want to do that right away.
Tom wasn't able to find what Mary had hidden.
Tom will do that on Monday, too.
I want to come to your party.
Tom was the one who told Mary not to do that.
Tom will do that again tomorrow.
I want to buy out my partner.
Tom was the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom will be skeptical, I'm sure.
I want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom was sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
Tom will be sarcastic as always.
I want to buy a Japanese car.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary did that.
Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I want to build my own house.
Tom was fortunate that Mary did that for him.
Tom wasn't very annoyed by that.
I visited Boston last spring.
Tom was able to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom wasn't permitted to do that.
I used to study French a lot.
Tom told me that Mary had decided to do that.
Tom was tricked into doing that.
I used to speak French a lot.
Tom told Mary why he needed to buy a new car.
Tom was treated at the hospital.
I tried to do that by myself.
Tom told Mary to do that as soon as possible.
Tom was the only person injured.
I thought it would be better.
Tom told Mary that he'd be unable to do that.
Tom was the next one to do that.
I thought I'd try to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be likely to do that.
Tom was the first one to arrive.
I thought I wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be afraid to do that.
Tom was punished for doing that.
Tom told Mary that he was too drunk to drive.
Tom was my first French teacher.
I think that I won't do that.
Tom told Mary that he was through doing that.
Tom was mugged again last night.
I think it's time to give up.
Tom told Mary that he was tempted to do that.
Tom was hoping he could do that.
I still want to study French.
Tom told Mary that he was obliged to do that.
Tom was held in the county jail.
I still want to speak French.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was pretty.
Tom was going to do that anyway.
I still plan to teach French.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was biased.
Tom was finally able to do that.
I still plan to study French.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was upset.
Tom was excused from doing that.
I still need to buy dog food.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was tired.
Tom was being forced to do that.
I still haven't paid my rent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was right.
Tom was arrested for doing that.
I still haven't eaten dinner.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was ready.
Tom was able to get his own way.
I still have to pay the bill.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was pushy.
Tom was a great influence on me.
I started doing that in 2013.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was lucky.
Tom wants me to give him a loan.
I spent the day at the beach.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was funny.
Tom wanted to make a difference.
I sometimes do that even now.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was drunk.
Tom wanted to buy a cheaper car.
I should've never been fired.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was crazy.
Tom usually goes to work by car.
I should've done that sooner.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was broke.
Tom uses crutches to get around.
I should've done that myself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was brave.
Tom used to drink a lot of milk.
I should've done much better.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was bossy.
Tom used to do that quite often.
I should've been helping you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was bored.
Tom turned right on Park Street.
I should've been able to win.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was awake.
Tom tried to speak French to us.
I should be back before 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was angry.
Tom tried to get out of the way.
I saw a UFO three nights ago.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was alone.
Tom tried not to make any noise.
I remember when you did that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was alive.
Tom tried not to look surprised.
I regretted having done that.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was cute.
Tom tried doing that by himself.
I regret not studying French.
Tom told Mary that John had been disobedient.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that.
I really should study French.
Tom told Mary that John had been cooperative.
Tom told us he couldn't do that.
I really don't have a choice.
