Tom used to be able to play the saxophone fairly well.
I hope Tom is skeptical.
Have you heard about what happened in Boston today?
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I thought I should.
Tom told me that he's curious about why that happened.
I hope Tom is organized.
Even though it'll take a lot of time, I'll do that.
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted.
Tom told me that he was very hungry when he got home.
I hope Tom is objective.
Don't you think it would be interesting to do that?
I didn't apply for the job that Tom told me about.
Tom told me that he was the one who needed to do that.
I hope Tom is impressed.
Doing that wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
I completely forgot that Tom would do that for us.
Tom told me that he thought my speech was interesting.
I hope Tom is impartial.
Doing that was more fun than I thought it would be.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do that.
Tom told me that I should do that as soon as possible.
I hope Tom is concerned.
Do you really think it would be foolish to do that?
I bet Tom thirty dollars that he couldn't do that.
Tom told me last month that he was planning to retire.
I hope Tom gets the job.
Do you really think doing that would be impossible?
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to a movie with me.
Tom told me he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I helped Tom onto the bus.
Do you really think doing that would be depressing?
How many more years do you think Tom will do that?
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I helped Tom dig a hole.
Do you plan on living in Boston after you graduate?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will do that?
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I expect Tom to do that.
Did you know that very few people actually do that?
How many more hours do you think Tom will do that?
Tom still doesn't understand what he's supposed to do.
I don't think Tom is up.
Did you know it was possible to get there by train?
Don't forget to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
Tom still does that, even though we've told me not to.
I don't think Tom is in.
After a lot of hard thinking, I decided to do that.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be cheaper.
Tom shouldn't have been doing that in the first place.
I didn't drive Tom home.
About how many times do you think you've done that?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting hurt?
Tom should've been the one responsible for doing that.
I didn't agree with Tom.
"Will you do that tomorrow?" "No, I don't plan to."
Do you know anything about the school Tom goes to?
Tom should've been able to answer all those questions.
I decided to follow Tom.
You're the only one who ever really understood me.
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to do that?
Tom should tell his friends that he's going to Boston.
I could do that for Tom.
You're the first person to ever ask me to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't really from Boston?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I had to do that.
How long was Tom asleep?
You're not the only one who's supposed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was still planning to do that?
Tom says this will be the last time he ever does this.
You're not the only one who's not able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived with his aunt and uncle?
Tom says this will be the last time he ever does that.
Even Tom was doing that.
You're not the only one who knows what's going on.
Didn't you know Tom likes watching baseball on TV?
Tom says there was no reason why he shouldn't do that.
Does Tom work in Boston?
You're able to do just about anything, aren't you?
Didn't you know Tom could hear everything we said?
Tom says he thought he could do that without any help.
Does Tom always do that?
You're a high school senior this year, aren't you?
Did you know there was another Tom at this school?
Tom says he thinks it might be interesting to do that.
Did Tom have to do that?
You'll never be able to do that without some help.
You're not supposed to help Tom do that, are you?
Tom says he has something he has to do this afternoon.
Did Tom break any rules?
You'll have to do that even if your don't want to.
You'll try to persuade Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Can Tom buy that for us?
You'll be through doing that by Monday, won't you?
You'll try to convince Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he doesn't really know how to surf very well.
Both Tom and I are rich.
You'd be disappointed if I did that, wouldn't you?
You'd be surprised if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Tom says he doesn't believe you would do that for him.
Why's Tom afraid of me?
You weren't supposed to help me do that, were you?
You'd be impressed if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Tom says he believes he can do that without your help.
When was Tom in Boston?
You weren't given the chance to do that, were you?
You won't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do about that.
What's Tom reading now?
You weren't able to do that by yourself, were you?
You weren't sure Tom needed to do that, were you?
Tom said there was still a lot that needed to be done.
What should I give Tom?
You were told to do that by yourself, weren't you?
You weren't able to get Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said that just doing that wouldn't be good enough.
What else has Tom done?
You were the first person to do that, weren't you?
You were inspired to do that by Tom, weren't you?
Tom said that it probably wouldn't rain until evening.
Was Tom in class today?
You were finished doing that by 2:30, weren't you?
You were hoping to do that with Tom, weren't you?
Tom said that he wasn't working as bricklayer anymore.
This umbrella is Tom's.
You want to be the next one to do that, don't you?
You tried to persuade Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that Mozart is one of his favorite composers.
This suitcase is Tom's.
You want to be the last one to do that, don't you?
You tried to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that I don't need to sing if I don't want to.
These are Tom's gloves.
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?
You told Tom that you didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said that I don't have to sing if I don't want to.
The police stopped Tom.
You thought I was finished doing that, didn't you?
Can I say it here?
You told Tom that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said he's very hungry every day when he gets home.
The food made Tom sick.
You thought I didn't enjoy doing that, didn't you?
You thought Tom was doing that today, didn't you?
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tell Tom it isn't true.
You thought I could do that by myself, didn't you?
You should've told Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom said he's content with the deal he's been offered.
Tell Tom I don't drink.
You still do that as often as possible, don't you?
You should tell Tom that you want him to do that.
Tom said he'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
May I do that with Tom?
You still aren't very good at doing that, are you?
You should probably tell Tom you want to do that.
Tom said he'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Let's have Tom do that.
You shouldn't do that with just anybody, you know.
You should let Tom know that you want to do that.
Tom said he would be able to do that without any help.
Let's do that with Tom.
You should've been able to do that in three hours.
You should let Tom know that you need to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Is Tom still on a diet?
You should make sure that you get that done today.
You should let Tom know that you have to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Is Tom still a student?
You should make sure that you don't do that today.
You should do that the way Tom told you to do it.
Tom said he was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Is Tom still a plumber?
You ought to stay in Boston for a couple of weeks.
You should be able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom said he wanted to replace the drummer in his band.
Is Tom really sleeping?
You never thought I'd be able to do that, did you?
You know Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom said he tried to do that the day before yesterday.
I've only met Tom once.
You never had the opportunity to do that, did you?
You know Tom no longer has to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought it would be impossible to do that.
I'd ask Tom to do that.
You never expected to be able to do that, did you?
You knew Tom would ask me to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that on Monday.
I wonder if Tom is sad.
You know why I was supposed to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that today.
I wonder if Tom is mad.
You know we aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom was supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that here.
I won't help Tom again.
You know that I'm not eager to do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom won't do that again, don't you?
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that anymore.
I won't go without Tom.
You know I'm supposed to do that today, don't you?
You don't think Tom has to do that today, do you?
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that anymore.
I wish Tom would leave.
You know I'll never be able to do that, don't you?
You don't seem convinced that Tom has to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that.
I was at Tom's funeral.
You knew I wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You don't really think Tom could do that, do you?
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that soon.
I want to work for Tom.
You knew I wasn't planning to do that, didn't you?
You don't know why Tom wanted to do that, do you?
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that today.
I want to surprise Tom.
You hope to be excused from doing that, don't you?
You don't know why Tom needed to do that, do you?
Tom said he had something he had to do this afternoon.
I want to get Tom back.
You haven't done that since high school, have you?
You didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
I want to cheer Tom up.
You don't have to wash the car if I don't want to.
You didn't really expect Tom to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't think he would be able to do that.
I urged Tom to do that.
You do that three or four times a week, don't you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
I told Tom I'd do that.
You didn't realize I knew how to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom would do that today, did you?
Tom said he didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
I told Tom I was tired.
You didn't need to buy eggs. We already have some.
You didn't know Tom had never done that, did you?
Tom said he didn't want to mow the lawn until evening.
I thought Tom was slow.
You didn't know that I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that, did you?
Tom said he didn't think doing that would be much fun.
I thought Tom was last.
You didn't know that I needed to do that, did you?
You couldn't stop Tom from doing that, could you?
Tom said he didn't remember where he'd parked the car.
I thought Tom was here.
You didn't know I didn't need to do that, did you?
You asked Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
Tom said he couldn't remember where he'd put his keys.
I thought Tom was cute.
You didn't know I didn't have to do that, did you?
Would you like me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Tom said I didn't have to do that if I didn't want to.
I thought Tom was busy.
You didn't have enough energy to do that, did you?
Why don't you get Tom to tell you how to do that?
Tom probably doesn't yet know he has to do that today.
I thought Tom did that.
You didn't do that as well as I thought you would.
Why don't you get Tom to show you how to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know why you want him to do that.
I think Tom will agree.
You did that in just a couple of days, didn't you?
Why do you think Tom will be doing that tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
I think Tom is thirsty.
You could probably do that later if you wanted to.
Why are you so sure that Tom won't pass the exam?
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
I think Tom is strange.
Why do you think I'm the only one who can do that?
When did you decide not to permit Tom to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
I think Tom is starved.
Why didn't you tell me that Mary was so beautiful?
When I got home, Tom sleeping on the front porch.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
I think Tom is retired.
What's the name of the movie we watched yesterday?
This is a list of the medications that Tom takes.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about classical music.
I think Tom is outside.
What kind of websites do you visit the most often?
There's no reason Tom has to know why I did that.
Tom needs to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
I think Tom is married.
What color are you planning to paint your kitchen?
The police said the search for Tom will continue.
Tom knows where every light switch in the building is.
I think Tom is excited.
We need to stay in Boston for at least three days.
The only one here who's afraid to do that is Tom.
Tom knows me well enough to know that I won't do that.
I think Tom is engaged.
We didn't speak French at all until he was thirty.
That was the first time Tom had ever been kissed.
Tom isn't likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
I think Tom is curious.
We aren't likely to get paid extra for doing that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to do that today.
Tom isn't likely to be troubled by what happened.
I think Tom is bipolar.
We always get a lot of visitors this time of year.
Please tell Tom he doesn't have to do that today.
Tom isn't able to do that alone. You need to help him.
I think Tom is annoyed.
We always get a lot of tourists this time of year.
Please make sure that Tom doesn't leave the yard.
Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
I think Tom is adopted.
This kind of snow isn't that unusual in this area.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Boston with Tom.
Tom is still not doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I should've kissed Tom.
This is the first time I've ever seen you do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
Tom is one of the three guys who will need to do that.
I should've called Tom.
This elevator doesn't stop on odd-numbered floors.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
Tom is one of the three guys who will have to do that.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Tom is one of the three guys who were able to do that.
I know where Tom lived.
This area has changed a lot in the last few years.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Tom is one of the thirty people who wanted to do that.
I know what annoys Tom.
The man wearing the red baseball cap seemed angry.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Tom is one of the thirty people who needed to do that.
I know that Tom is shy.
That wine wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Tom is likely to still be difficult to get along with.
I know that Tom is sad.
That was the first time I'd ever seen you do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
Tom is likely to stay in Boston for at least three weeks.
I know that Tom is out.
Please make sure that you check all the equipment.
Many people have complained about Tom's behavior.
Tom hasn't yet returned the money he borrowed from me.
I know that Tom is old.
One of my bicycles is blue and the other is green.
It's way past the time Tom promised he'd be here.
Tom has promised to do that today before he goes home.
I know that Tom is odd.
My neighbor's dog kept me awake most of the night.
It's been decided that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we ought to do.
I know that Tom is fat.
My car is in the parking lot behind this building.
It'll probably be interesting for Tom to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what he needs to do.
I know how to help Tom.
Maybe it wouldn't be tough to do that by yourself.
It didn't matter to Tom that the weather was bad.
Tom has been to every one of his son's baseball games.
I know how Tom got wet.
Maybe it wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
If you tell Tom what to do, I'm sure he'll do it.
Tom has a lot money, but he doesn't have many friends.
I know a boy named Tom.
Many people have been complaining about the noise.
I'm the only person here that Tom seems to trust.
Tom finally graduated from college when he was thirty.
I know Tom pretty well.
Let's take a walk to the other side of the island.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be lonely if you were here.
Tom finally got a driver's license when he was thirty.
I know Tom can do that.
It's already been a half a month since I did that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be forgiven if he did that.
Tom enjoys watching people do things that he can't do.
I hope Tom isn't upset.
It would probably be tough to do that by yourself.
I'm sure Tom won't be lonely if he stays with us.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
I hope Tom isn't tired.
It would probably be smart to do that by yourself.
I think Tom might be just a little too picky.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is such a good idea.
I hope Tom isn't right.
It would probably be risky to do that by yourself.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a very good idea.
I hope Tom isn't early.
It would be wonderful if you could do that for me.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't think I'll have the time to do that today.
I hope Tom isn't drunk.
It would be stupid to try doing that by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom is responsible for what happened.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I hope Tom isn't bored.
It would be fantastic if you could do that for me.
I wish Tom wouldn't go out after dark by himself.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that again.
I hope Tom isn't awake.
It was your children who were causing the problem.
I wish I hadn't tried to convince Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that by himself.
I hope Tom isn't alone.
It was easier to do that than I expected it to be.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom that he do that.
Tom didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I hope Tom is unbiased.
It started to rain as soon as we pitched the tent.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he did that.
Tom didn't start playing the mandolin until last year.
I hope Tom is unafraid.
It must be boring for you to do that all the time.
I want to know why Tom didn't go to school today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he ought to do that.
I hope Tom is truthful.
It makes no difference whether you do that or not.
I told Tom that I thought he should go on a diet.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he shouldn't do that.
I hope Tom is sensible.
It began to rain as soon as we started doing that.
I told Tom he had only thirty minutes to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he needed to do that.
I hope Tom is punished.
If you don't do that soon, you may not be able to.
I told Tom I thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom didn't realize he shouldn't have tried doing that.
I hope Tom is punctual.
If we hadn't done that, it would've been more fun.
I told Tom I don't know any other way to do that.
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today.
I hope Tom is prepared.
If it had been fine yesterday, I'd have done that.
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom.
Tom didn't know if he would be able to do that or not.
I hope Tom is obedient.
If I refuse to fight, I'll be considered a coward.
I thought you said you wanted to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that by himself.
I hope Tom is mistaken.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for us.
Tom did what he had to do, and I did what I had to do.
I hope Tom is home now.
I'm the only person in the office who can do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Tom could possibly be lonely, but I don't think he is.
I hope Tom is generous.
I'm the only one here who doesn't have a computer.
I thought Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom confessed that he was the one who broke the glass.
I hope Tom is doing OK.
I'd like to talk to you in private before I leave.
I thought Tom would be able to do that on Monday.
Tom asked me several questions that I couldn't answer.
I hope Tom can do that.
I'd like to stay in Boston for another week or so.
I thought Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Tom apparently lived in Boston when he was in college.
I heard Tom doing that.
I wouldn't do that even if you offered to help me.
I thought Tom was going to ask us not to do that.
Tom and his brother used to never get along very well.
I enjoyed Tom's speech.
I wish you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
I thought Tom was going to ask me not to do that.
Tom and his brother never used to get along very well.
I didn't call Tom back.
I wasn't planning to go to Boston until next week.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom and his brother didn't use to get along very well.
I couldn't talk to Tom.
I wasn't able to do that, but it was worth trying.
I thought Tom might want to learn how to do that.
Tom and I weren't able to do anything we wanted to do.
I can't make Tom leave.
Love is eternal as long as it lasts.
I was so weak that I couldn't even pick up a book.
I think you ought to ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom and I were the first ones to volunteer to do that.
I can't make Tom do it.
I want you to come visit us in Boston next summer.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that.
Tom and I went downtown to eat steak at Chuck's Diner.
I can buy that for Tom.
I want to know how much time you spent doing that.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom and I used to live in the same apartment building.
I asked Tom to help us.
I took what I thought was a shortcut and got lost.
I think Tom won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I studied French together yesterday afternoon.
How should Tom do that?
I thought you weren't supposed to do that anymore.
I think Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom and I didn't speak to each other for three months.
Has Tom studied French?
I thought you didn't know how to drive a forklift.
I think Tom might get in trouble if he does that.
Tom and I became friends when we both lived in Boston.
Even Tom can't do that.
I thought I'd be able to do that without any help.
I think Tom may stay in Boston for another month.
Tom's horse's front right leg looks like it's broken.
Don't make Tom do that.
I thought I wouldn't be able to do that by myself.
I think Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I hadn't been late.
Did Tom study with you?
I thought I probably shouldn't go there by myself.
I think Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't had to.
You're a bit like Tom.
I think we could do that without making any noise.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had known how.
Will Tom do that, too?
I think most people know that peanuts aren't nuts.
I think Tom did that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
Tom would be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
Will Tom be all right?
I think it might not be so interesting to do that.
I think Tom could've done that without your help.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you do that.
Who did that with Tom?
I think a punishment like that would be too harsh.
I think Tom could've done that faster by himself.
Tom won't be able to do that without some assistance.
When's Tom's birthday?
I suppose you've been told that many times before.
I think Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
Tom will probably tell his son to eat his vegetables.
When will Tom do that?
I should've been able to do that without any help.
I think Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
Tom will likely be up. He's usually up till midnight.
When does Tom do that?
I plan to live in Boston for at least three years.
I think Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom was the only other person who could've done that.
When did you call Tom?
I know you don't want to do that, but you need to.
I still haven't told Tom why I wanted to do that.
Tom was the first one in our family to go to college.
We saw Tom doing that.
I know you don't want to do that, but you have to.
I still haven't told Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom took off his boots and put on a pair of slippers.
We arrived before Tom.
I know that doing this must seem dangerous to you.
I shouldn't have borrowed so much money from Tom.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he needs to do.
We all laughed at Tom.
I just found out that you're going to be arrested.
I should've waited until Tom got here to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't know any other way to do that.
Was Tom afraid of you?
I hope you don't have to stay in Boston all month.
I should've been able to do that better than Tom.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very good idea.
Those are Tom's shoes.
I helped myself to another serving of green beans.
I should probably tell Tom why I want to do that.
Tom still hasn't replaced the light bulb in his room.
This bicycle is Tom's.
I have neither the time nor the energy to do that.
I should probably tell Tom why I need to do that.
Tom soon realized he shouldn't have tried doing that.
These books are Tom's.
I don't yet know whether I need to do that or not.
I should probably tell Tom why I have to do that.
Tom should've sold his house while he had the chance.
That will impress Tom.
I don't yet know whether I have to do that or not.
I should probably tell Tom what needs to be done.
Tom should've been present at this morning's meeting.
Probably Tom did that.
I don't want to tell anybody about what I've done.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom should've been downstairs waiting, but he wasn't.
Perhaps Tom won't win.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I should probably not tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom should've been able to do that without your help.
Only Tom will do that.
I don't want to sell my car, but I have no choice.
I should probably not tell Tom to do that for me.
Tom should seriously consider not doing that anymore.
Let's ask Tom to help.
I don't think that would be the right thing to do.
I never had any intention of letting Tom do that.
Tom should be able to do something as simple as that.
Is Tom still studying?
I don't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
I know this won't be the last time Tom does that.
Tom seems to have lost interest in collecting shells.
Is Tom afraid of this?
I don't think that doing that is such a good idea.
I knew Tom would be confused by your explanation.
Tom says he thinks it might be impossible to do that.
Is Tom afraid of that?
I don't think that doing that is a very good idea.
I just found out that Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom says he sells about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Is Tom afraid of dogs?
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that.
I hope Tom knows he has to do that before Monday.
Tom says he has to find somebody to help him do that.
I've seen Tom do that.
I don't think I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I forgot to remind Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to ski very well.
I've missed Tom a lot.
I don't think I have enough money to pay the bill.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punished.
Tom says he doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
I'll help Tom do that.
I don't remember whether the box was empty or not.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punctual.
Tom says doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I'll do that with Tom.
I don't plan to wait for more than thirty minutes.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be prepared.
Tom said we should wait until sunrise before we left.
I'll buy that for Tom.
I don't know why my boss wants me to go to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven.
Tom said we should wait until after sunrise to leave.
I wonder if Tom is up.
I don't know why my boss chose me to go to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be arrested.
Tom said wanted to do that, but he wasn't allowed to.
I watched Tom do that.
I don't know what happened because I wasn't there.
I doubt that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
Tom said they wouldn't permit him to do that anymore.
I thought Tom was shy.
I don't know how to write a love letter in French.
I doubt if Tom will be troubled by what happened.
Tom said that's not likely to happen if it's raining.
I think Tom will late.
I don't have any friends I can talk to about this.
I doubt if Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever done that.
I think Tom is stoned.
I don't go to the movies as often as I would like.
I don't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
Tom said that he was going to leave tomorrow morning.
I think Tom is stingy.
I didn't want to sell my car, but I had no choice.
I don't understand why Tom's supposed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't dare express his own opinion.
I think Tom is sleepy.
I didn't want to look, but I couldn't help myself.
I don't think Tom would mind buying that for you.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
I think Tom is single.
I didn't think you'd be drunk so early in the day.
I don't think Tom would ever consider doing that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
I think Tom is guilty.
I didn't think you were in your office on Mondays.
I don't think Tom would be opposed to doing that.
Tom said he was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
I think Tom is afraid.
I didn't think that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would be glad if that happened.
Tom said he was the only one who knew how to do that.
I think Tom is absent.
I didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think Tom will be through doing that yet.
Tom said he was having a really hard time doing that.
I think Tom does that.
I didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom loves me as much as I love him.
Tom said he wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I should've paged Tom.
I didn't think I would be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he used to go to Boston three times a month.
I should wait for Tom.
I didn't tell anyone where I'd hid the gold coins.
I don't think Tom is going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.
I need to be with Tom.
I didn't start to study French until I was thirty.
I don't think Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought it was a little risky to do that.
I looked right at Tom.
I didn't read the book my teacher told me to read.
I don't think Tom could do that even if he tried.
Tom said he thought it might be dangerous to do that.
I looked at Tom again.
I didn't learn to swim until I was in my thirties.
I don't think I need Tom's permission to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that.
I know why Tom is sad.
I didn't learn to speak French until I was thirty.
I don't like the same kind of movies as Tom does.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
I know that Tom is up.
I didn't know you were going to be at the meeting.
I don't like the same kind of food that Tom does.
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that.
I know that Tom is OK.
I didn't know what made my leg swell up like that.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help him.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that by himself.
I know Tom's children.
I didn't know that you had to do that by yourself.
I don't know why Tom didn't come to school today.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that by himself.
I know Tom lied to me.
I didn't know that what we were doing was illegal.
I don't know who Tom plans to go to the zoo with.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without some help.
I know Tom isn't here.
I didn't know that the police were looking for me.
I don't know who Tom is planning to do that with.
Tom said he didn't really feel like doing that today.
I know Tom is teasing.
I didn't know that I didn't have to do that today.
I don't know whether Tom will agree to go or not.
Tom said he couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
I hope Tom isn't slow.
I don't know whether Tom wants to do that or not.
Tom said doing that was more easier than he expected.
I hope Tom isn't lost.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself.
I don't know whether Tom needs to do that or not.
Tom said doing that cost more money than he expected.
I hope Tom isn't late.
I didn't have enough time to do that this morning.
I don't know whether Tom is good at chess or not.
Tom said I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I hope Tom isn't here.
I didn't have any money and couldn't buy any food.
I don't know where Tom spent his summer vacation.
Tom probably shouldn't do that while it's still dark.
I hope Tom isn't cold.
I didn't do anything that I wasn't supposed to do.
I don't know how Tom will get to school tomorrow.
Tom probably just didn't know what needed to be done.
I hope Tom is sincere.
I did that as soon as I felt it was safe to do so.
I don't know for certain who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he's going to be fired.
I hope Tom is prudent.
I could probably do that in less than three hours.
I didn't wake Tom up at 6:like he asked me to.
Tom probably doesn't know why you want me to do that.
I hope Tom is present.
I can't remember who I'm supposed to give this to.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
I hope Tom is pleased.
I can't remember whether or not I locked the door.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston by himself.
Tom probably doesn't know that I don't often do that.
I hope Tom is jealous.
How much time do you think you'll need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would eat what I made for him.
Tom probably doesn't know much about classical music.
I hope Tom is excited.
How much time do you think you'll have to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
I hope Tom is curious.
How much time do you estimate you need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I helped Tom stand up.
How much money do you think I should take with me?
I didn't think Tom would be desperate to do that.
Tom looked better today than the last time I saw him.
I helped Tom clean up.
How many years do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be confused, but he was.
Tom listed a lot of reasons why we shouldn't do that.
I have a gift for Tom.
How many weeks do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't think Tom knew how to cook Mexican food.
Tom knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I didn't tell Tom why.
How many times have you been absent this semester?
I didn't tell Tom why I went to Boston last week.
Tom isn't likely to be the first one to do that.
I didn't speak to Tom.
How many seconds does it actually take to do that?
I didn't really feel like playing chess with Tom.
Tom isn't likely to be interested in doing that.
I bought that for Tom.
How many months have you already spent doing that?
I didn't really expect Tom to answer my question.
Tom is the only person in the office who can do that.
How long was Tom sick?
How many minutes does it actually take to do that?
I didn't realize that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom is the only one who wants to go home early today.
How is Tom doing that?
How many hours do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't know what to do when Tom didn't show up.
Tom is the only one who seems to know how to do that.
Has Tom taught French?
Even though you don't have to do that, you should.
I didn't know that Tom was going to quit his job.
Tom is obviously never going to learn how to do that.
Even Tom spoke French.
Don't you think it would be ridiculous to do that?
I didn't know how to do that until Tom taught me.
Tom is likely to be glad that that's going to happen.
Does Tom teach French?
Don't you think it would be impossible to do that?
I didn't know how much more money Tom would need.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston as long as he says he has.
Does Tom study French?
Don't you think it would be depressing to do that?
I didn't know Tom was so good at speaking French.
Tom has wanted to study French since he was thirteen.
Does Tom go to school?
Don't forget to turn off the stove when you leave.
I didn't know Tom was going to be at the meeting.
Tom has three friends who are professional musicians.
Did you let Tom drive?
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I didn't buy everything that Tom asked me to buy.
Tom has permitted his children to do that many times.
Will Tom come by bus?
Doing that wasn't as fun as I thought it would be.
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
Tom has forged his father's signature more than once.
Why isn't Tom afraid?
Do you think you'll feel like doing that tomorrow?
I can't speak French as well as Tom thinks I can.
Tom has finally done what he said he was going to do.
Why is Tom so sleepy?
Do you think you can do that without getting hurt?
I can't remember what Tom told me I needed to do.
Tom has enough time to do that if he really wants to.
Why is Tom so hungry?
Do you still have a copy of yesterday's newspaper?
I can't believe Tom would really want to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we need to do.
What made Tom afraid?
Do you really think it would be unsafe to do that?
How many more months will it take Tom to do that?
Tom has been trying to figure out what we have to do.
Those are Tom's cats.
Do you really think it would be tiring to do that?
How many more days do you think Tom will do that?
Tom has been trying hard to do what needs to be done.
This hat isn't Tom's.
Do you really think it would be stupid to do that?
How many months has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom has been playing the French horn for three years.
This dog isn't Tom's.
Do you really think doing that would be unethical?
How do you know Tom won't be in Boston next week?
Tom has been caught cheating on tests more than once.
These pens are Tom's.
Do you really think doing that would be enjoyable?
How do you know Tom wasn't going to be in Boston?
Tom had no idea that the police were looking for him.
These are Tom's cats.
Do you really think doing that would be dangerous?
Don't you want to know why I bought that for Tom?
Tom gradually began to understand what was happening.
Tell Tom to be quiet.
Do you know any other way we could try doing that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be faster.
Tom got into a lot of trouble when he was a teenager.
Tell Tom I won't eat.
Do you have any idea who'd do something like this?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be easier.
Tom gets up early every morning and goes out jogging.
Perhaps Tom did that.
Didn't you know we weren't going to do that today?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be better.
Tom folded his shirts and put them into his suitcase.
Only Tom can do that.
Didn't you know I didn't know how to speak French?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that for us?
Tom finally realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
My dog bit Tom's leg.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to do that?
Do you think Tom is the only one who can do that?
Tom explained why it would be a good idea to do that.
Maybe Tom is at home.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't have to do that?
Do you really want to be here when Tom gets here?
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
Is Tom still in jail?
Didn't I tell you not to worry about that anymore?
Didn't you know that Tom would be here this week?
Tom doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Is Tom really asleep?
Did you know you were going to be able to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he should do that.
Did you know there's more than one way to do this?
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he has to do that.
As I told you before, I don't know how to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was in Boston last year?
Tom doesn't seem to have the guts to do that anymore.
I think Tom is weird.
Am I the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Boston last week?
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what we asked him to do.
I think Tom is upset.
"Why didn't you do that?" "Because I had a fever."
Didn't you know Tom when you were in high school?
Tom doesn't like living in Boston and I don't either.
I think Tom is tired.
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was interested in modern art?
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I think Tom is tipsy.
You're the only one who seems to know what to do.
Didn't you know Tom used to be a studio musician?
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll have to do that.
I think Tom is tense.
You're the only one who knows what we need to do.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have to be here today?
Tom didn't tell me that the picnic has been canceled.
I think Tom is sorry.
You're the only one who knows what we have to do.
Did you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Tom didn't tell me his parents were getting divorced.
I think Tom is pushy.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Did you know that Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Tom didn't seem to be the one most likely to do that.
I think Tom is broke.
You're the only one who doesn't have an umbrella.
Did you know that Tom was going to be here today?
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today.
I think Tom is bored.
You're not the only one who didn't pass the test.
Did you know that Tom has a house on Park Street?
Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I think Tom is blind.
You're likely the only person who has to do that.
Did you know that Tom had a house on Park Street?
Tom didn't know that the police were looking for him.
I think Tom is alone.
You'll eventually be able to do that on your own.
Did you know that Tom almost never swims anymore?
Tom didn't know that he didn't have to do that today.
I should've paid Tom.
You'd never forgive us if we did that, would you?
Did you know Tom was still a high school student?
Tom didn't have the confidence to do that by himself.
I should go with Tom.
You'd better get out of here while you still can.
Did you know Tom was going to be able to do that?
Tom didn't come home last night until after midnight.
I should go help Tom.
You'd be able to do that if you really wanted to.
Did you know Tom is also a pretty good guitarist?
Tom definitely won't do that in this kind of weather.
I saw Tom doing that.
You worked in Boston for a few years, didn't you?
Did Tom agree to stay in Boston for another week?
Tom brushes his daughter's hair almost every morning.
I never did love Tom.
You won't be allowed to do that without a permit.
All three of Tom's brothers are going to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for work yesterday.
I looked back at Tom.
You were the last person to do that, weren't you?
You're the one who did that for Tom, aren't you?
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for my appointment.
I know Tom's brother.
You were able to do that better than we expected.
You'll help Tom do that after supper, won't you?
Tom and three other prisoners are on a hunger strike.
I knew Tom's brother.
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
Tom and I'll be on vacation for the next three weeks.
I hope Tom isn't shy.
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
You wouldn't like it if Tom did that, would you?
Tom and I were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I hope Tom isn't mad.
You thought I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
You won't permit Tom to do that again, will you?
Tom and I were drinking coffee together on the porch.
I hope Tom is unhurt.
You think I'm still afraid to do that, don't you?
You won't be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom and I were both in the hospital at the same time.
I hope Tom is scared.
You still haven't been able to do that, have you?
You warned Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom and I haven't seen each other since grade school.
I haven't called Tom.
You still do that as often as you can, don't you?
You thought it was Tom who did that, didn't you?
Tom and I have never met, but I know a lot about him.
I had to talk to Tom.
You shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
You thought Tom did that on purpose, didn't you?
Tom and I have been working together for three years.
I got into Tom's car.
You seem to be the only one who wants to do that.
You think Tom will be at the meeting, don't you?
Tom and I aren't likely to ever see each other again.
I got drunk with Tom.
You never had an opportunity to do that, did you?
You think I could get Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom and I are planning to move to Boston next spring.
I got Tom to help me.
You know why I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You still have no idea why Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are going to play badminton this afternoon.
I got Tom to do that.
You know they won't permit you to do that, right?
You should've told Tom why he needed to do that.
Tom almost froze to death when he fell into the lake.
I disagreed with Tom.
You know there's no way I can do that, don't you?
You should've done that the way Tom told you to.
Tom admitted he wasn't the one who actually did that.
I caught up with Tom.
You know that I don't want to do that, don't you?
You should tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
Tom admitted he wasn't actually the one who did that.
I arrived before Tom.
You know that I don't need to do that, don't you?
You should probably tell Tom to stop doing that.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Has Tom left already?
You know that I don't have to do that, don't you?
You should probably tell Tom to do that for you.
Tom's skull was crushed when the building collapsed.
Has Tom forgiven you?
You knew that I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
You seemed to want to do that more than Tom did.
Tom's first computer was given to him by his father.
Even Tom can do that.
You knew I'd do that sooner or later, didn't you?
You seemed convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
Did you do that, Tom?
You knew I wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
You seemed convinced that Tom needed to do that.
Tom won't be able to do what you've asked him to do.
Did Tom speak French?
You don't think I really need to do that, do you?
You need to keep Tom from ever doing that again.
Tom will probably be retired by this time next year.
Did Tom buy anything?
You don't seem to know what you're talking about.
You learned how to do that from Tom, didn't you?
Tom will probably be ready by the time we get there.
Can Tom teach French?
You don't really think I want to do that, do you?
You know Tom can't do that very well, don't you?
Tom will probably be drunk by the time we get there.
All Tom does is read.
You don't really think I need to do that, do you?
You knew that Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be finished doing that before lunch.
You've made Tom cry.
You don't really think I have to do that, do you?
You have to keep Tom from ever doing that again.
Tom will likely be curious why you chose to do that.
Will Tom leave soon?
You don't need to read this if you don't want to.
You forgot to remind Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be curious to know how you did that.
Why is Tom so tired?
You don't care whether we do that or not, do you?
You don't want to know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom was the only other person who wanted to do that.
Was Tom afraid, too?
You didn't really think I would do that, did you?
You don't want Tom to do that right now, do you?
Tom was the only other person who needed to do that.
Those belong to Tom.
You didn't really think I could do that, did you?
You don't think that Tom should do that, do you?
Tom was the first one who said he'd like to do that.
These belong to Tom.
You didn't know that I couldn't do that, did you?
You don't think Tom will really do that, do you?
Tom was the first one who said he wanted to do that.
That made Tom laugh.
You didn't have to do that if you didn't want to.
You don't think Tom will likely do that, do you?
Tom was in the garden planting flowers this morning.
That belongs to Tom.
You didn't expect to be able to do that, did you?
You don't think Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Tom wants to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
Tell Tom to do that.
You didn't expect me to do that for you, did you?
You don't really care how Tom does that, do you?
Tom turned on his flashlight and went into the cave.
My opponent was Tom.
You didn't actually do that by yourself, did you?
You don't know why Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom told the police that three men had attacked him.
My dog attacked Tom.
You and I are both supposed to be there tomorrow.
You didn't want to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told the police that his wallet had been stolen.
Maybe Tom is sleepy.
Yesterday, I worked in the garden in the morning.
You didn't want Tom to help me do that, did you?
Tom told me that to be gone by the time he got here.
Maybe Tom is hungry.
Wouldn't it be better if you didn't do that here?
You didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that, did you?
Tom told me that he's able to speak three languages.
Is Tom still afraid?
Why do you think I'd be interested in doing that?
You didn't need to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told me that he was amused by what was going on.
I'd do that for Tom.
Why can't we stay in Boston for a few more weeks?
You didn't know why Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom told me that I shouldn't always be so sarcastic.
I tried to kiss Tom.
Who was that who was riding in the taxi with you?
You didn't know that Tom could do that, did you?
Tom told me that I needed to attend today's meeting.
I think Tom is well.
When you go to Boston, where do you plan to stay?
You didn't have to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom thought he might not need to do that by himself.
I think Tom is sure.
We've already had several discussions about that.
You asked Tom why he had to do that, didn't you?
Tom thought he might not have to do that by himself.
I think Tom is slow.
We worked for three hours and never took a break.
You asked Tom to do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very bad idea.
I think Tom is nuts.
We don't usually get much snow this time of year.
You and I are the only people Tom ever talks to.
Tom thinks some of his friends will want to do that.
I think Tom is nosy.
We don't need to pay this bill until next Monday.
Why don't you let Tom know that you can do that?
Tom suggested we do that while we're here in Boston.
I think Tom is next.
We could go to Boston with you if you want us to.
We'll go by bus unless Tom wants to take a taxi.
Tom still comes to Boston two or three times a year.
I think Tom is lost.
There's absolutely no chance that that'll happen.
We have to cross a bridge to get to Tom's house.
Tom spends most of his free time playing the guitar.
I think Tom is home.
There's a church across the street from my house.
We expect Tom to be back in Boston with us soon.
Tom shouldn't have done that without our permission.
I think Tom is high.
There'll come a day when you'll enjoy doing that.
Was Tom really able to do that without any help?
Tom should've learned French when he had the chance.
I think Tom is full.
There are several reasons why you should do that.
There's no way Tom would do something like that.
Tom should've been finished doing that by yesterday.
I think Tom is free.
The only thing I ate yesterday was half an apple.
There's no way Tom will ever do that by himself.
Tom should've been able to do that without any help.
I think Tom is fast.
The man running down the street seemed terrified.
There's a good chance that Tom missed the train.
Tom seems to still be having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom is evil.
The house I grew up in didn't have running water.
The school Tom goes to isn't far from his house.
Tom says he's learned a lot in the last three years.
I think Tom is done.
Please don't forget to sign the application form.
The only one here who's eager to do that is Tom.
Tom says he's been living in Boston for three years.
I think Tom is deaf.
My wife and I both want to go to Boston with you.
The first time Tom did that was three years ago.
Tom says he would've done that if we'd asked him to.
I think Tom is cool.
My parents own a small restaurant on Park Street.
That was the first time Tom ever went to Boston.
Tom says he wants to give you the chance to do that.
I think Tom is cold.
My mother and I were in the garden all afternoon.
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom dance.
Tom says he thought he can do that without any help.
I think Tom is calm.
My grandfather still uses a camera the uses film.
Please tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom says he thinks it might not be smart to do that.
I think Tom is bald.
My boss is a Canadian man about thirty years old.
Please tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom says he thinks it might be expensive to do that.
I never forgave Tom.
Most people don't like to do that when it's cold.
Please tell Tom not to do that until after 2:30.
Tom says he thinks it might be dangerous to do that.
I know you trust Tom.
Men and women don't usually do that the same way.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom says he thinks he can do that without your help.
I know Tom's father.
Maybe it wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom will stay in Boston for a month or so.
Tom says he has to find somebody to do that for him.
I know Tom is wrong.
Maybe it wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that by himself.
I know Tom is lying.
Maybe it wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether we help him or not.
I knew Tom did that.
Let's stop speaking French and switch to English.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that.
Tom says he and his friends were just there to help.
I hope Tom is tough.
Let's not pitch the tent right next to the river.
It would be disappointing if Tom didn't do that.
Tom says everything's back to the way it used to be.
I hope Tom is tired.
It's been a lot of fun hanging out with you guys.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Tom says doesn't have the time to do that right now.
I hope Tom is ready.
It'll probably be interesting for you to do that.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Tom said there might just be one piece of cake left.
I hope Tom is early.
It would probably be wise to do that by yourself.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Tom said that the two of us should do that together.
I hope Tom is awake.
It would probably be safe to do that by yourself.
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd refuse to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really feel like doing that.
I hope Tom is alone.
It would probably be easy to do that by yourself.
I've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said his father told him never to do that again.
I hope Tom is alive.
It would probably be cheaper to do that yourself.
I've given up trying to convince Tom to do that.
Tom said he's the one responsible for what happened.
I helped rescue Tom.
It took me a more time than usual to fall asleep.
I've finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said he's learned a lot in the last three years.
I didn't poison Tom.
If you're not busy, let's do that this afternoon.
I'm the only one who ever really understood Tom.
Tom said he would be able to do that in a few hours.
I didn't notice Tom.
I've spent three times as much money as you have.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to buy that for you.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
I did that, not Tom.
I'll die if I don't take this medicine every day.
I'm sure Tom will be finished doing that by now.
Tom said he wished he hadn't left the door unlocked.
I did that with Tom.
I'm quite sure that Tom won't forget to do that.
Tom said he wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Doesn't Tom do that?
I'd be very grateful if you would do that for me.
I'll never believe that Tom did that on purpose.
Tom said he thought it would be possible to do that.
Didn't you know Tom?
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I won't waste my time trying to convince to Tom.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us do that.
All Tom does is eat.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
I wish Tom would stay in Boston until Christmas.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Only Tom can do it.
I wish I had more time to spend with my children.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we had done.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that.
Maybe Tom is tired.
I wish I could remember where I buried the money.
I wish I hadn't parked my car next to Tom's car.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Maybe Tom did that.
I wasn't surprised that I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he should do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be a good idea.
I want to stop Tom.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he had to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that again.
I think Tom is out.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that.
I think Tom is odd.
I wasn't really hungry, so I didn't eat anything.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
I think Tom is mad.
I wasn't able to speak French until I was thirty.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that on Monday.
I think Tom is hot.
I wasn't able to do everything I'd planned to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I should thank Tom.
I was very fortunate to have a chance to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to spend all day doing that.
I never called Tom.
I wanted to visit Boston last year, but couldn't.
I was lying to Tom when I said I didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't remember where he'd put his keys.
I missed Tom a lot.
I want to know who you plan to go to Boston with.
I told Tom that I thought I was losing my sight.
Tom said doing that took more time than he expected.
I know Tom is rich.
I want to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
I told Tom I thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom really needs to work on improving his technique.
I know Tom is away.
I thought you said you've seen people doing that.
I thought you said you'd never do that with Tom.
Tom realized later that he shouldn't have done that.
I hope Tom is home.
I thought you said you were motivated to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with us.
Tom probably won't do that again until next October.
I hope Tom is here.
I thought you said you were asked not to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
Tom probably doesn't know that I've never done that.
I hope Tom is fine.
I thought you said you had been asked to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom probably doesn't know how much money was stolen.
I hope Tom is fair.
I think there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I thought Tom would have all the time he needed.
Tom probably doesn't know how he's going to do that.
I hope Tom is done.
I think I'll know what to do when the time comes.
I thought Tom would be the first one to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's got to do that today.
I helped Tom do it.
I think I'll be able to do that without any help.
I thought Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Does Tom sing well?
I still haven't learned how to do that correctly.
I thought Tom wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Ask Tom to do that.
I should've studied French when I had the chance.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Who's helping Tom?
I seldom stay in Boston for more than three days.
I thought Tom looked like he was amused by that.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Who swam with Tom?
I plan on living in Boston even after I graduate.
I thought Tom didn't know how to play the banjo.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
When did Tom swim?
I may have to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think Tom wouldn't be enthusiastic about that.
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that this week.
We didn't ask Tom.
I know you don't want to do that, but you should.
I think Tom would be surprised if that happened.
Tom plans to come back to Boston after he graduates.
Was Tom in Boston?
I just found out that you used to live in Boston.
I think Tom would be impressed by this painting.
Tom performs with a jazz band several times a month.
Was Tom a teacher?
I have to live in Boston for another three years.
I think Tom won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom often falls asleep while listening to the radio.
This hat is Tom's.
I gained a lot of weight while I was on vacation.
I think Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
This dog is Tom's.
I don't want to try doing that without some help.
I think Tom will likely not know how to do that.
Tom must've been about three years old at that time.
That car is Tom's.
I don't want to think about that problem anymore.
I think Tom will give you permission to do that.
Tom may have to go to Boston on business next month.
Only Tom did that.
I don't usually carry much with me when I travel.
I think Tom will be surprised when that happens.
Tom looks more like his grandfather than his father.
Maybe Tom is sick.
I don't think it's depressing for you to do that.
I think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom likes to read on the train on his way to school.
Is Tom afraid yet?
I don't think it would be interesting to do that.
I think Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
Tom knows how to do that better than most people do.
I've seen Tom cry.
I don't think doing this would be worth our time.
I think Tom will be embarrassed if that happens.
Tom knows he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I want to hug Tom.
I don't think any of us will get rich doing this.
I think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom knew he shouldn't do that, but he did it anyway.
I think Tom is up.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that again.
I think Tom will be able to do that if he tries.
Tom knew he might be required to do that by himself.
I sold Tom my car.
I don't think I'll be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom went into the woods to kill himself.
Tom isn't very likely to be arrested for doing that.
I saw Tom do that.
I don't remember doing what everybody says I did.
I think Tom may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Tom isn't likely to be the next one to do that.
I had Tom do that.
I don't really feel like drinking beer right now.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he has to do.
Tom isn't likely to be the last one to do that.
I do that for Tom.
I don't need to be at the meeting this afternoon.
I think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom isn't likely to be finished doing that yet.
I didn't stop Tom.
I don't like women who wear way too much makeup.
I think Tom has decided to study French instead.
Tom isn't likely to be excused from doing that.
I didn't hear Tom.
I don't know who I should ask to help me do that.
I think Tom goes to Boston at least once a year.
Tom is too skinny to look good in clothes like that.
Has Tom done that?
I don't know whether I can do that, but I'll try.
I think Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
Tom is the only person I know who drinks white wine.
Did Tom sing well?
I don't know how much time it'll take to do that.
I think I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
Tom is someone we all think will be able to do that.
Did you like Tom?
I don't know how long the party is going to last.
I still haven't answered all of Tom's questions.
Tom is one of the thirty people who want to do that.
Did Tom buy that?
I don't know anything about computer programming.
I should've told Tom why he had to go to Boston.
Tom is one of the thirty people who need to do that.
We hid from Tom.
I don't have to be at the meeting this afternoon.
I should've asked Tom for permission to do that.
Tom is one of the thirty people who have to do that.
I owe Tom $300.
I don't have as much free time as I used to have.
I should tell Tom I won't go to Boston with him.
Tom has worked as a barber for the last three years.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like to.
I should probably tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we should do.
I didn't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I should probably tell Tom that I need his help.
Tom has been trying to figure out what he has to do.
I didn't think you were interested in modern art.
I should probably tell Tom that I can't do that.
Tom has been told that he isn't required to do that.
I didn't think you were interested in doing that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Tom grows several kinds of vegetables in his garden.
I didn't think that you would be able to do that.
I should know better than to ask Tom for a loan.
Tom goes ice skating almost every day in the winter.
I didn't think I'd ever have a chance to do that.
I sat down next to Tom and he poured me a drink.
Tom explained why it would be a bad idea to do that.
I didn't think I would be in my office on Monday.
I really should've told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom drinks at least one cup of coffee every morning.
I didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
I pretty much always do the same thing Tom does.
Tom doesn't think he could do that without our help.
I didn't start to write songs until I was thirty.
I never thought Tom would want to do that again.
Tom doesn't speak French well enough to do that job.
I didn't need to stay in Boston as long as I did.
I never thought Tom would need to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he needs to do that.
I didn't learn how to do that until I was thirty.
I never thought Tom would have to do that again.
Tom doesn't like to do that, but he'll do it anyway.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that today.
I know Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
I didn't know you were still planning to do that.
I hope that Tom won't do that until I get there.
Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
I didn't know you used to teach French in Boston.
I hope Tom knows why he doesn't need to do that.
Tom didn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't know who was going to be at the meeting.
I hope Tom knows why he doesn't have to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Boston before.
I didn't know that you were the one who did that.
I have no objection to your doing that with Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he should do that.
I didn't know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
I have a feeling Tom will need to do that today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he had to do that.
I didn't know how much money I was going to need.
I doubt very seriously that that will scare Tom.
Tom didn't seem to know who to give the envelope to.
I didn't know anything about Boston at that time.
I doubt very seriously that that will annoy Tom.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what he needed to do.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present.
Tom didn't seem convinced that he needed to do that.
I didn't have very many friends when I was a kid.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be nervous.
Tom didn't learn how to do that until he was thirty.
I didn't have to stay in Boston as long as I did.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be jealous.
Tom didn't know how much money he was going to need.
I didn't have enough time to do what I had to do.
I doubt if Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that today.
I didn't have a driver's license until last year.
I doubt if Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know anything at all about the situation.
I didn't expect the test to be as easy as it was.
I don't want to do this, but Tom says I have to.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't do that because I didn't think I had to.
I don't want to do anything that will upset Tom.
Tom could've been nervous, but he didn't seem to be.
I didn't do that because I didn't have any money.
I don't think you could persuade Tom to do that.
Tom could've been frightened, but he didn't show it.
I didn't do any of the work I was supposed to do.
I don't think there's any way Tom could do that.
Tom confessed that he was the one who had done that.
I didn't begin to write songs until I was thirty.
I don't think that Tom was the one who did that.
Tom came into the room with a glass of orange juice.
I definitely want to do that soon, but not today.
I don't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
Tom asked if he really needed to do that by himself.
I always order the same thing at this restaurant.
I don't think Tom would do what you said he did.
Tom and I've known each other for about three years.
How much time do you think it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I've decided to leave right after breakfast.
How many years have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom and I usually leave the office at the same time.
How many weeks have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom would be concerned about that.
Tom and I swim together at least three times a week.
How many months does it actually take to do that?
I don't think Tom will ever come back to Boston.
Tom and I studied together the day before yesterday.
How many hours will it take you to get to Boston?
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next spring.
Tom and I send each other text messages quite often.
How many hours have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom will be here until after 2:30.
Tom and I reached for the doorknob at the same time.
How many days do you think it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom will be doing that by himself.
Tom and I probably won't see each other for a while.
How long have you been trying to sell your house?
I don't think Tom will be awake when I get home.
Tom and I have been working together for many years.
Don't you think it would be unethical to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that today.
Tom and I hardly ever speak to each other in French.
Don't you think it would be dangerous to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that again.
Tom admitted he was the one who ate all the cookies.
Doing that will take more time than I have today.
I don't think Tom really has to do that anymore.
Tom's new wife is younger than his oldest daughter.
Do you really think it would be wrong to do that?
I don't think Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I'd been on time.
Do you really think it would be tough to do that?
I don't think Tom has overstepped his authority.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would he?
Do you really think it would be smart to do that?
I don't think Tom has ever done that by himself.
Tom would like to know the reason why you did that.
Do you really think it would be silly to do that?
I don't really feel like going camping with Tom.
Tom would like to hear the reason why you did that.
Do you really think it would be risky to do that?
I don't really care whether Tom likes me or not.
Tom won't be able to do that without a lot of help.
Do you really think it would be cheap to do that?
I don't like the same kind of music as Tom does.
Tom will probably do that today while I'm not here.
Do you know any other way I could try doing that?
I don't like the same kind of books as Tom does.
Tom will probably be very hungry when he gets home.
Do you consider yourself to be a generous person?
I don't know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom will probably be gone by the time we get there.
Do people ever been criticize you for doing that?
I don't know who Tom wants to go to Boston with.
Tom will be waiting for me in front of the station.
Didn't you know you didn't have to be here today?
I don't know whether Tom is able to do that or not.
Tom went out for a walk even though it was raining.
Did you know you weren't going to pass the class?
I don't know when Tom will get back from Boston.
Tom was the only other student who failed the test.
Can you tell me exactly what you're trying to do?
I don't know if Tom wants to go with you or not.
Tom was the only other person who couldn't do that.
As I told you before, I'm never going to do that.
I don't know how much money Tom has in the bank.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me to do that.
Are we supposed to stop when the light is yellow?
I don't know how long I'll have to wait for Tom.
Tom was the first one who spoke to me this morning.
Are we likely to be in Boston on Valentine's Day?
I don't have as many pairs of socks as Tom does.
Tom was the first one to tell us about the problem.
Are all your brothers and sisters musicians, too?
I didn't want to say anything to make Tom angry.
Tom was standing outside the restaurant looking in.
You've done that a couple of times, haven't you?
I didn't want to do this, but Tom said I had to.
Tom wanted to know what we expected to happen next.
You're the only person I know who can't do that.
I didn't want to be there and Tom didn't either.
Tom told me why it would be a good idea to do that.
You're the only one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston this week.
Tom told me that he was the one who had to do that.
You're the first person to ever ask me for help.
I didn't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he should do.
You're lucky nobody saw you do that, aren't you?
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed by that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he has to do.
You're likely the only person who can't do that.
I didn't think Tom was the first one to do that.
Tom told me that I needed to go to today's meeting.
You'll soon be able to do that without any help.
I didn't think Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that I needed to be at today's meeting.
You won't have to do that by yourself, will you?
I didn't think Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Tom told me he thought it would be safe to do that.
You won't have to do anything you don't want to.
I didn't tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
Tom thought he would be able to do that by himself.
You weren't surprised that I did that, were you?
I didn't tell Tom I didn't have time to do that.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
You weren't given a chance to do that, were you?
I didn't say anything about the accident to Tom.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's going to do that.
You weren't able to do that yesterday, were you?
I didn't mean to tell Tom about that, but I did.
Tom should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
You weren't able to do that very well, were you?
I didn't know whether Tom was having fun or not.
Tom should've been able to show you how to do that.
You were surprised that I did that, weren't you?
I didn't know whether Tom was a Canadian or not.
Tom should be able to do that with his eyes closed.
You were going to do that yourself, weren't you?
I didn't know what to give Tom for his birthday.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what I'd done.
You used to be a physical therapist, didn't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom broke his leg.
Tom says he'll finish the work as soon as possible.
You think that I did that on purpose, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be at the party.
Tom says he thinks it might not be wise to do that.
You think I won't be able to do that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom used to teach you French.
Tom says he thinks it might not be safe to do that.
You think I was the one who did that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom liked to play volleyball.
Tom says he thinks it might not be easy to do that.
You think I really wanted to do that, don't you?
I didn't know how to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom says he saves a lot of money by buying in bulk.
You think I really needed to do that, don't you?
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that today.
Tom says he regrets that he wasn't able to do that.
You think I could do that if I tried, don't you?
I didn't know Tom was still planning to do that.
Tom says he just wants to make sure that gets done.
You shouldn't do that kind of thing by yourself.
I didn't know Tom was planning to do that today.
Tom says he has to find someone to do that for him.
You should've done that when you had the chance.
I didn't have time to explain everything to Tom.
Tom says he forgot that he'd promised to do that.
You promised you'd do that before you went home.
I didn't have the heart to refuse Tom's request.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that right now.
You promised us you wouldn't ever do that again.
How many years has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he doesn't remember asking you to do that.
You promised us that you wouldn't do that again.
How many weeks has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he doesn't really know how old his dog is.
You promised that you'd do that, but you didn't.
How many times have you told Tom not to do that?
Tom says he doesn't know if he has time to do that.
You never thought I'd help you do that, did you?
How many more years will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that right now.
You need to be strong to do something like that.
How many more weeks will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
You know why I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
How many more hours will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't care whether we do that or not.
You know why I don't need to do that, don't you?
How many hours has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he didn't know he was supposed to do that.
You know why I don't have to do that, don't you?
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do to help.
You know what'll happen if I do that, don't you?
Do you think you could stop Tom from doing that?
Tom said there are no meetings scheduled for today.
You know I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
Do you think Tom would mind if I didn't do that?
Tom said that wasn't likely to happen this morning.
You know I shouldn't do that anymore, don't you?
Do you think Tom would ever consider doing that?
Tom said that his grandfather is living by himself.
You know I no longer need to do that, don't you?
Do you really think Tom doesn't have to do that?
Tom said that he really didn't know how to do that.
You knew I'd likely have to do that, didn't you?
Do you mean you didn't actually see Tom do that?
Tom said that he didn't really know how to do that.
You knew I wouldn't want to do that, didn't you?
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom lives in?
Tom said that I should do that as soon as possible.
You knew I wouldn't have to do that, didn't you?
Do you have any idea what Tom is planning to do?
Tom said it should've been a lot easier to do that.
You don't want to have to do that again, do you?
Didn't you know that Tom used to live in Boston?
Tom said he'd be willing to help if we needed help.
You don't think I'll be able to do that, do you?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom said he wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
You don't think I need to do that today, do you?
Didn't you know Tom used to be a French teacher?
Tom said he wished he hadn't left the windows open.
You don't seem convinced that I need to do that.
Did you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
Tom said he wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
You don't seem convinced that I have to do that.
Did you know Tom used to teach French in Boston?
Tom said he was the only one who wanted to do that.
You don't really want to live in Boston, do you?
As soon as Tom has finished work, we'll do that.
Tom said he was the only one who needed to do that.
You don't really think I had to do that, do you?
Are you and Tom still not talking to each other?
Tom said he was thankful for the chance to do that.
You don't have to eat that if you don't want to.
You're the only one who ever really helped Tom.
Tom said he thought those shoes were too expensive.
You don't have the authority to do that, do you?
You won't allow Tom to do that again, will you?
Tom said he thought that would probably not happen.
You didn't think that we could do that, did you?
You weren't expecting Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said he thought that would likely never happen.
You didn't think I'd do that by myself, did you?
You weren't able to help Tom do that, were you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that for me.
You didn't really feel like doing that, did you?
You were hoping Tom could do that, weren't you?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
You didn't realize I needed to do that, did you?
You were expecting Tom to do that, weren't you?
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that.
You didn't know I was still doing that, did you?
You told Tom I knew how to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he knew what needed to be done.
You didn't have a good time doing that, did you?
You told Tom I intended to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
You didn't do that as quickly as you usually do.
You told Tom I could do that today, didn't you?
Tom said he thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Would you like to come to Boston for the summer?
You think Tom won't want to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Would it be better to do that today or tomorrow?
You think Tom won't need to do that, don't you?
Tom said he sees a lot of dead animals on the road.
Why don't you stay here with us for a few weeks?
You think Tom won't like to do that, don't you?
Tom said he saved a lot of money by buying in bulk.
Why aren't you doing what we've asked you to do?
You think Tom won't like doing that, don't you?
Tom said he probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Who gets up earlier, your mother or your father?
You think Tom won't have to do that, don't you?
Tom said he left early because he was feeling sick.
Where in Australia would you most like to visit?
You think Tom will do that tomorrow, don't you?
Tom said he knew he might have to do that tomorrow.
When was the last time you hugged your children?
You think Tom will actually do that, don't you?
Tom said he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
What do you think is the easiest way to do that?
You should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to wear John's old clothes.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to do that?
You should tell Tom that you intend to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to say anything about that.
We've never met, but I've heard a lot about you.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go camping next weekend.
We're fortunate that we're permitted to do that.
You should probably tell Tom you can't do that.
Tom said he didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
We stayed in Boston for three weeks last spring.
You should let Tom know that you won't do that.
Tom said he didn't know who to give the package to.
We shouldn't have stayed in Boston so many days.
You should let Tom know that you can't do that.
Tom said he didn't know if he'd be able to do that.
We probably won't get another chance to do this.
You should get Tom to teach you how to do that.
Tom said he couldn't do that because he's too busy.
We might need to be in Boston for several weeks.
You refused to tell Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he didn't have many opportunities to do that.
We may have to go to Boston the week after next.
You need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said I didn't have to help if I didn't want to.
We had to stay in Boston for another three days.
You know that Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
Tom refused to tell me where he was planning to go.
We don't want to be in Boston during the winter.
You knew that Tom wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom promised me that he wouldn't lie to me anymore.
We both want to stay in Boston for another week.
You knew that Tom couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom promised himself that he'd never do that again.
Visiting Australia was a good experience for me.
You knew Tom would help me do that, didn't you?
Tom probably won't be able to do that without help.
Unfortunately, I wasn't smart enough to do that.
You knew Tom said he would do that, didn't you?
Tom probably thought he was going to be busy today.
This area has changed a lot since we moved here.
You knew I had to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom probably doesn't know that I think he's stupid.
There'll come a day when you'll want to do that.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to play the mandolin.
There'll come a day when you'll need to do that.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time he'll need.
There'll come a day when you'll have to do that.
You don't really think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know how much money was taken.
The woman talking on her phone seemed irritated.
You don't really expect Tom to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
The people waiting for the bus seemed impatient.
You don't know why Tom kept doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know any other way to do that.
The movie was better than I thought it would be.
You didn't want Tom to do that for me, did you?
Tom needs to be back in Boston as soon as possible.
The lady wearing sunglasses seemed very strange.
You didn't realize Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom must've done that yesterday before we got here.
The girl wearing headphones seemed to be asleep.
You didn't pronounce Tom's last name correctly.
Tom must've been tired when he got home last night.
The girl carrying a mandolin was very beautiful.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that, did you?
Tom might need to go to Boston the week after next.
So far, you're the only person who's complained.
You didn't know Tom shouldn't do that, did you?
Tom managed to get out of the car without any help.
Since it rained the whole day, I stayed indoors.
You didn't know Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom knows he should've been able to do that better.
People might think you're crazy if you did that.
You asked Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
One of my brothers wants to become an astronaut.
You asked Tom if he had to do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't very likely to figure out how to do that.
My speech will only be about three minutes long.
Why don't you let Tom know that you'll do that?
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't want to do that.
My parents own the grocery store on Park Street.
Who told you Tom had been released from prison?
Tom isn't patient enough to do something like that.
My family moved around a lot when I was a young.
We need to take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom isn't likely to be through doing that yet.
My blood pressure has been pretty high recently.
We have to take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom isn't coming back to Boston until next October.
Most people will probably choose not to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained.
Tom is too intelligent to ever consider doing that.
Most people here don't know how to speak French.
The last time Tom did that was three years ago.
Tom is too intelligent to even consider doing that.
Most people don't like to do that when it's hot.
The boy wearing the purple baseball cap is Tom.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be worried.
Maybe it would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
Some of the people who work with Tom are Canadians.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be working.
Mary didn't drink at all while she was pregnant.
Please tell me whether Tom will do that or not.
Tom is taller than all the other boys in his class.
Many people don't know that peanuts aren't nuts.
Please tell Tom to do that as soon as possible.
Tom is smarter than any other student in his class.
It's really hard to tell what's going to happen.
Please listen carefully to what Tom has to say.
Tom is one of the three guys who needed to do that.
It's fun to try lots of different kinds of food.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play the saxophone anymore.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were evacuated.
It's already been three months since I did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
Tom is one of the thirty people who had to do that.
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was illegal.
Tom is on the porch with three friends from school.
It'll be impossible to do that, don't you think?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Tom is likely to still be interested in doing that.
It would be disappointing if you didn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
Tom is going back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I'm the only one who seems to be having any fun.
It's your responsibility to get Tom to do that.
Tom is from a small town about miles from here.
I'm still the same weight I was three years ago.
It's not necessary for Tom to go there himself.
Tom is bigger than all the other boys in his class.
I'm still going to Boston several times a month.
It's impossible for Tom to do that before dark.
Tom is a someone I have trouble getting along with.
I'm not the only one who wants to go home early.
It'll probably be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom is a much better singer now than he used to be.
I'd understand it if you didn't want to do that.
It looks like Tom is pretty good at doing that.
Tom hasn't been able to do that since his accident.
I'd like to do that with you, but I can't today.
It doesn't matter whether Tom does that or not.
Tom has worn the same hat for at least three years.
I would've visited Boston if I'd had the chance.
Is it necessary for Tom to go there by himself?
Tom has worked as a cowboy since he was a teenager.
I would've gone to Boston if I'd had the chance.
Is Tom going to play the guitar for us tonight?
Tom has newer tires on his car than I have on mine.
I won't stay in Boston for more than three days.
If Tom wants to do that, I'll do that with him.
Tom has just done what he should've done last week.
I wish you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very often.
Tom has enough time to do that before he goes home.
I wish I didn't have to help with the housework.
I've already forgotten Tom's girlfriend's name.
Tom has come out of his coma and is getting better.
I went to a jazz festival the month before last.
I'm the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
Tom has been trying to figure that out all morning.
I wanted to go home and eat dinner with my wife.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
Tom has been studying French for a year and a half.
I want to know what time you'll be getting here.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to do that for you.
Tom has been in the waiting room for the past hour.
I want to finish eating before I talk to anyone.
I'm sure Tom won't be the first one to do that.
Tom has been doing that for three and a half years.
I thought you were supposed to be there by 2:30.
I'm sure Tom won't be interested in doing that.
Tom has a few things he needs to do this afternoon.
I thought you were asked not to do that anymore.
I'm sure Tom won't be awake this late at night.
Tom had already eaten when I got to the restaurant.
I thought you said you've done that three times.
I'm sure Tom will be through doing that by now.
Tom found his old camera in the back of his closet.
I thought you said you'd never done that before.
I'm sure Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't want to do that because it's dangerous.
I thought you said you weren't going to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be doing that now.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I thought you said you were hesitant to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom used to be able to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit he wasn't able to do that.
I thought you said you were finished doing that.
I'm not sure whether Tom has to do that or not.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know what to do.
I thought you said someone asked you to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that anymore.
Tom didn't think that you would be able to do that.
I thought you didn't know how to play the banjo.
I'd rather stay here than go swimming with Tom.
Tom didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
I think you and I are staying at the same hotel.
I'd rather stay here than go anywhere with Tom.
Tom didn't seem to know who to give the package to.
I think that if you tried to do that, you could.
I'd be very disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he should do that.
I think it would be safe to do that by yourself.
I wouldn't permit Tom to do that if I were you.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he had to do that.
I think it would be dangerous for us to do that.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom works.
Tom didn't provide details of how he would do that.
I think it would be a good idea to take a break.
I wonder why Tom still lives in that old house.
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry to get home.
I think it might not be so expensive to do that.
I wonder if Tom was able to do that by himself.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that today.
I think doing that might take about three hours.
I wonder if Tom is desperate enough to do that.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who did that.
I think I'm the one who was supposed to do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that by himself anymore.
Tom didn't know that we were the ones who did that.
I stayed indoors all day because it was raining.
I wish I hadn't told Tom where I hid the money.
Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've gone to Boston with you last summer.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that on Monday.
I should've been able to do that in three hours.
I wasn't the one who showed Tom how to do that.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that by myself.
I should do that now, but I don't have the time.
I warned you what would happen if Tom did that.
Tom didn't know how to do that until he was thirty.
I propose we do something about that right away.
I wanted to do that yesterday morning with Tom.
Tom didn't know anything at all about the accident.
I promise that I'll be with you in half an hour.
I tried to help Tom escape from the kidnappers.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I need three large onions and a head of cabbage.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom couldn't find the documents he was looking for.
I might have to stay in Boston for another week.
I told Tom that I don't know what I need to do.
Tom could've been sleepy, but he didn't seem to be.
I might be in Boston for a couple of more weeks.
I told Tom it was dangerous for him to do that.
Tom could've been mad, but he didn't look that way.
I know I'm supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I told Tom I thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom could make you do that, but I doubt if he will.
I intend to visit Boston during my spring break.
I thought you were going to ask Tom to do that.
Tom could be the one responsible for what happened.
I hope you get that job in Boston that you want.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom do that.
Tom claims he didn't know that was going to happen.
I hope you can understand why I want to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with us.
Tom can do that with one hand tied behind his back.
I haven't yet written anything in this notebook.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with me.
Tom booked a room for me at a hotel near his house.
I don't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I thought Tom would have time to do that today.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with him.
I don't think we could do that even if we tried.
I thought Tom would be the next one to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't try doing that by myself.
I don't think it's dangerous for you to do that.
I thought Tom would be the last one to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't come to school on Monday.
I don't think it would be depressing to do that.
I thought Tom would be surprised if I did that.
Tom asked me if I knew how to play the French horn.
I don't think I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and I've started to get on each other's nerves.
I don't think I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I thought Tom said he liked this kind of music.
Tom and I've known each other for a very long time.
I don't think I'll be able to do that by myself.
I thought Tom said he didn't have a girlfriend.
Tom and I won't be able see each other for a while.
I don't think I have the time to help you today.
I thought Tom might need to do that by himself.
Tom and I were in the same class in primary school.
I don't think I could do that without your help.
I thought Tom might have to do that by himself.
Tom and I were best friends when we were teenagers.
I don't speak French as well as I speak English.
I thought I'd forgotten to tell Tom what to do.
Tom and I shared a hospital room for several weeks.
I don't remember my first French teacher's name.
I thought I was doing what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I shared a bedroom when we were growing up.
I don't like to ride the train during rush hour.
I think Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom and I are the ones who are supposed to do that.
I don't like it when this kind of thing happens.
I think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I are going to get married on October 20th.
I don't know who I should ask to do that for me.
I think Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I are getting ready to go on our honeymoon.
I don't know what time I'm supposed to be there.
I think Tom won't be able to do that very well.
Tom already told me he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't know how much time I'll need to do that.
I think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we wanted him to do.
I don't know how much time I'll have to do that.
I think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he promised he'd do.
I don't have enough time to get everything done.
I think Tom probably won't know how to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we forced him to do that.
I don't have any money, so I can't buy any food.
I think Tom might get punished if he does that.
Tom would go to Boston with us if he had the time.
I don't have any friends who like to go camping.
I think Tom is the only one who has to do that.
Tom won't likely be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't feel like doing that on such a cold day.
I think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom will probably be in Boston two or three years.
I didn't watch much television when I was a kid.
I think Tom could've done that without my help.
Tom will likely be retired by this time next year.
I didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
I think Tom could've been reluctant to do that.
Tom will go back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I didn't want to admit I wasn't able to do that.
I think I know why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't able to figure out how to open the box.
I didn't want to admit I didn't know what to do.
I think I know why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom was very good at doing that when he was young.
I didn't think you'd notice that I wasn't there.
I still haven't told Tom why I want to do that.
Tom was the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to Korean food.
I still haven't told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom was in the hospital for thee months last year.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I still haven't told Tom why I have to do that.
Tom was going to do that the day before yesterday.
I didn't think I would be in Boston for so long.
I should've told Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom wants me to stay in Boston until his birthday.
I didn't speak French the first time you met me.
I should tell Tom to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom used to do that, but he doesn't do it anymore.
I didn't really need it, but I bought it anyway.
I should probably tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom told us that it wouldn't necessary to do that.
I didn't know what to do with the leftover food.
I should probably tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom told us that doing that wouldn't be necessary.
I didn't know what time I was supposed to leave.
I should probably tell Tom about what happened.
Tom told me yesterday that he'll do that tomorrow.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that today.
I should probably tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
Tom told me why it would be a bad idea to do that.
I didn't know that what I was doing was illegal.
I should probably tell Tom I intend to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to do that again.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm sleepy.
Tom told me that I need to attend today's meeting.
I didn't know how to drive until just last year.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm hungry.
Tom told me he thought it would be fun to do that.
I didn't know how to do that until I was thirty.
I should be able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that for me.
I didn't intend to spend so much time in Boston.
I said essentially the same thing that Tom did.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
I didn't have to come here yesterday, but I did.
I probably should've showed you Tom to do that.
Tom tends to only do what is absolutely necessary.
I didn't have time to finish writing the report.
I need to remember to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom takes his ukulele with him everywhere he goes.
I didn't have time to do what needed to be done.
I know that Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wanted to do that.
I didn't have time last night to do my homework.
I knew doing that would make Tom uncomfortable.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needed to do that.
I didn't have my parents' permission to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not be able to do that.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that correctly.
I didn't have enough time to finish my homework.
I hope Tom isn't gone by the time we get there.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French last week.
I didn't have enough money to go to the concert.
I hope Tom is outside waiting for us right now.
Tom spends a lot of money on things he never uses.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I hope Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom spends a lot of his free time studying French.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I heard that Tom isn't very good at doing that.
Tom sounded like he was surprised by the question.
I didn't have anything to do with what happened.
I haven't told Tom about my financial problems.
Tom soon realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
I didn't get home until after 2:this morning.
I have no idea why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom should've been able to do that in three hours.
I didn't do what I was supposed to do yesterday.
I got to know Tom while I was living in Boston.
Tom should've been able to do that better than me.
I didn't commit the crimes I've been accused of.
I forgot to remind Tom to take out the garbage.
Tom says he's looking forward to coming to Boston.
I can play both tennis and baseball fairly well.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be lonely.
Tom says he'll do that whether you like it or not.
I bought some peaches on the way home from work.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be afraid.
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that.
How much time do you think is needed to do that?
I doubt if something like that would upset Tom.
Tom says he thinks it would be foolish to do that.
How many weeks does it actually take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom says he thinks Boston is a good place to live.
How many ways do you think there are to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom says he has a special tool he uses to do that.
How many seconds does it really take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be ready when we get there.
Tom says he doesn't think he has to do that today.
How many people live in your apartment building?
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that just now.
How many more years will it take you to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be excused from doing that.
Tom says he doesn't remember asking me to do that.
How many more years do you think you'll do that?
I don't want to do that and Tom doesn't either.
Tom says he doesn't really know where he was born.
How many minutes does it really take to do that?
I don't want to be here and Tom doesn't either.
Tom says he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
How many hours does it actually take to do that?
I don't think that Tom was in Boston last week.
Tom says he doesn't know any other way to do that.
How many days have you already spent doing that?
I don't think that Tom is the one who did that.
Tom sat in his front yard, looking up at the moon.
Don't you want to stay in Boston for the summer?
I don't think Tom would really want to do that.
Tom said there were still a lot things left to do.
Don't you think it would be romantic to do that?
I don't think Tom would be upset if I did that.
Tom said the woman I met yesterday was his mother.
Don't you think it would be possible to do that?
I don't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen anytime soon.
Don't waste your time thinking about it anymore.
I don't think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that wouldn't likely happen anytime soon.
Doing that likely won't be all that interesting.
I don't think Tom will be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Doing that every morning must be boring for you.
I don't think Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom said his father told him not to do that again.
Do you really think it would be wise to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that here.
Tom said he's really glad he was asked to do that.
Do you really think it would be safe to do that?
I don't think Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's been having fun hanging out with us.
Do you really think it would be easy to do that?
I don't think Tom has to do that until October.
Tom said he'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Do you really think doing that would be foolish?
I don't think Tom has the willpower to do that.
Tom said he'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Do you get along with your brothers and sisters?
I don't think Tom can find the time to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Didn't you promise me that you wouldn't do that?
I don't need to talk to Tom if I don't want to.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Didn't you know you weren't supposed to do that?
I don't like the same kind of food as Tom does.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Didn't you know that peanuts aren't really nuts?
I don't like Tom and I don't think I ever will.
Tom said he wished he hadn't done that by himself.
Didn't you know that I used to be a taxi driver?
I don't know why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom said he watched TV for three hours last night.
Didn't you know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
I don't know why Tom didn't want me to do that.
Tom said he was the only one who got here on time.
Didn't you know I don't have a driver's license?
I don't know whether Tom should do that or not.
Tom said he was still not very good at doing that.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry?
I don't know whether Tom has to do that or not.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that with him.
Are you thinking of going to Boston next summer?
I don't know what time Tom got home last night.
Tom said he wanted me to teach him how to do that.
All you need to do is just sit there and listen.
I don't have to talk to Tom if I don't want to.
Tom said he thought it would be raining on Monday.
All you have to do is just sit there and listen.
I don't have to do that. Tom will do it for me.
Tom said he thought it was a tad risky to do that.
About how many hours did you watch TV last week?
I don't have the courage to tell Tom the truth.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that today.
"Would you like some ice cream" "No, thank you."
I don't have the courage to ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be dangerous.
"How do you come to school?" "By bus and train."
I don't have any money, so I can't go with Tom.
Tom said he thought doing that would be a mistake.
"Do I have to do that?" "No, you don't have to."
I don't ever want to go fishing with Tom again.
Tom said he thought doing that would a lot of fun.
You're the only person who can help me do that.
I don't believe Tom really did that by himself.
Tom said he thought I needed to get more exercise.
You're the only Canadian I've ever talked with.
I didn't want to do that and Tom didn't either.
Tom said he saw a lot of dead animals on the road.
You're supposed to help me do that, aren't you?
I didn't want Tom to leave, but he left anyway.
Tom said he needed to do that as soon as possible.
You'll have plenty of time to do that tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that again.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that.
You'll do that later this afternoon, won't you?
I didn't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he had already planned to do that for us.
You'd be surprised if I did that, wouldn't you?
I didn't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
You wouldn't like it if we did that, would you?
I didn't think Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom said he didn't want to give any more speeches.
You won't be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid, but he was.
Tom said he didn't think doing that would be safe.
You were the first one to do that, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom was the last one to do that.
Tom said he didn't have the confidence to do that.
You were expecting this to happen, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that yet.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy a car.
You used to be a school bus driver, didn't you?
I didn't think Tom really had to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe that actually happened.
You think you need to do that today, don't you?
I didn't tell Tom I needed to find another job.
Tom said he could probably do that in three hours.
You think you have to do that today, don't you?
I didn't know whether Tom could do that or not.
Tom refused to tell me what he was planning to do.
You think you don't need to do that, don't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom told me that.
Tom refused to do what I told him he needed to do.
You think you don't have to do that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom promised me that he would never do that again.
You still like to do that sometimes, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom probably thought I didn't know how to do that.
You still have to finish doing that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be so busy.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to help him.
You still do that from time to time, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom had already bought milk.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're looking for.
You should've been in Boston with us last week.
I didn't know that Tom could understand French.
Tom probably doesn't know what he should be doing.
You should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that Tom already knew what to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that won't happen today.
You should've been able to do that on your own.
I didn't know how much money I should give Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
You should've been able to do that much better.
I didn't know how long Tom expected me to wait.
Tom probably doesn't know he has to do that today.
You should've been able to do that by yourself.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Tom needs to start paying more attention in class.
You should probably do that as soon as you can.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that by himself.
Tom needs to be told about what's going to happen.
You should be able to do that without any help.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that by himself.
Tom needed to be finished doing that by yesterday.
You promised us that you'd never do that again.
I didn't give Tom the information he requested.
Tom moved to Boston with his wife just last month.
You often go jogging in the morning, don't you?
I didn't do that as well as Tom expected me to.
Tom managed to get to school on time this morning.
You never thought I'd want to do that, did you?
How many times a week does Tom have to do that?
Tom listed a lot of reasons why we should do that.
You never really felt like doing that, did you?
How many more days will it take Tom to do that?
Tom knew he should've been able to do that better.
You may need to stay in Boston a little longer.
How many days has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom isn't likely to be in Boston next Monday.
You may have to stay in Boston a little longer.
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom isn't likely to be determined to do that.
You look like you've been sick for a long time.
Tom isn't likely to be absent again tomorrow.
You know we aren't going to do that, don't you?
How badly was Tom's house damaged by the storm?
Tom is trying to figure out what needs to be done.
You know that I'm afraid to do that, don't you?
Does that mean that Tom isn't going to do that?
Tom is trying so hard to do what needs to be done.
You know that I don't often do that, don't you?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to do that?
Tom is too conservative to do something like that.
You know that I don't like it when you're late.
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be eating.
You know how much I hate doing that, don't you?
Do you think Tom would be miserable doing that?
Tom is out on the porch, talking with his friends.
You knew I wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to help?
Tom is only trying to do what he's supposed to do.
You knew I was supposed to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be there?
Tom is one of the three guys who couldn't do that.
You knew I was planning to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't supposed to do that?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were laid off.
You haven't done that in a long time, have you?
Didn't you know Tom is good at speaking French?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were arrested.
You don't want to try to do that again, do you?
Didn't you know Tom couldn't play the trombone?
Tom is likely to be very hungry when he gets home.
You don't want to try doing that again, do you?
Did you know that Tom isn't really from Boston?
Tom is likely to be gone by the time we get there.
You don't think that we should do that, do you?
Did you know that Tom is also a French teacher?
Tom is good at giving easy-to-follow instructions.
You don't really understand how I feel, do you?
Did you know Tom was still planning to do that?
Tom is going to stay in Boston with us next month.
You don't really need to do that today, do you?
Did you know Tom lived with his aunt and uncle?
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
You don't really have to do that today, do you?
Did you know Tom is actually very conservative?
Tom hasn't eaten or drunk anything for three days.
You don't particularly want to do that, do you?
Did you know Tom bought a house on Park Street?
Tom has some things he needs to do this afternoon.
You don't often do that in the morning, do you?
Did you know Tom before he came to work for us?
Tom has probably known about that for a long time.
You don't know why I needed to do that, do you?
Ask Tom if he really needs to be there by 2:30.
Tom has enough money to buy that, I'm pretty sure.
You don't have to help me if you don't want to.
You're the only one who ever really liked Tom.
Tom has chalk on his sleeve. Maybe he's a teacher.
You don't expect me to do that for you, do you?
You're the one Tom wants to take to the dance.
Tom has been told that he doesn't need to do that.
You didn't want to do that right away, did you?
You'd better not do that while Tom's watching.
Tom has been told that he doesn't have to do that.
You didn't realize you had to do that, did you?
You won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
Tom has been told he doesn't look like a teenager.
You didn't know you needed to do that, did you?
You weren't sure Tom should do that, were you?
Tom has been on the baseball team for three years.
You didn't have to do that right away, did you?
You weren't sure Tom had to do that, were you?
Tom has been living in Boston for three years now.
You didn't have to do that if I didn't want to.
You told Tom you couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom has been in Boston for almost three years now.
You didn't have permission to do that, did you?
You told Tom why I had to do that, didn't you?
Tom has been having a really hard time doing that.
You did that without anyone's help, didn't you?
You told Tom why I didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom has been giving us everything we've asked for.
You did that in Boston last summer, didn't you?
You told Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom has been doing that for less than three years.
You actually tried to do that once, didn't you?
You think Tom won't really do that, don't you?
Would it be all right if I don't do that today?
You think Tom won't likely do that, don't you?
Tom finally learned to do that when he was thirty.
When was the last time you were late for class?
You think I could make Tom do that, don't you?
Tom enjoys being home with his family on weekends.
When do people start to get their wisdom teeth?
You still want to do that with Tom, don't you?
Tom doesn't want to be the one who has to do that.
What makes you think I'd like to do that again?
You still don't think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom doesn't want to be present at today's meeting.
What makes you think I'd be willing to do that?
You still don't know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
What makes you think I'd be tempted to do that?
You shouldn't have told Tom that you did that.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to be able to do that.
What happened to the money I left on the table?
You should've told Tom that he had to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that anymore.
We've decided to speak to each other in French.
You should tell Tom you won't do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself very much.
We'll probably be able to do that by ourselves.
You should tell Tom you don't want to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he has to do that.
We stayed in Boston last year for three months.
You should tell Tom you don't need to do that.
Tom doesn't remember actually deciding to do that.
We might not be in Boston until Monday evening.
You should tell Tom you don't have to do that.
Tom doesn't really think that I did that, does he?
We don't need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
You should tell Tom why you enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until you tell him to.
We don't come to Boston as often as we used to.
You should tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't make as much money as he says he does.
There is a helipad on the roof of the hospital.
You should make sure that Tom does that today.
Tom doesn't know who's going to be at the meeting.
There are a lot of unhappy people in the world.
You should get Tom to tell you how to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether he has to do that or not.
The young girl carrying a flute seemed annoyed.
You should get Tom to show you how to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether I need to do that or not.
The police chief said no arrests had been made.
You should be able to do that better than Tom.
Tom doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
The number of people who do that has increased.
You need to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom doesn't come to Boston as often as he used to.
The last time I was in Boston was last October.
You may be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom does things that I would never consider doing.
The house I grew up in didn't have electricity.
You know why Tom wanted to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't tell me he didn't have time to do that.
The car is all packed and we're ready to leave.
You know that Tom wants to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what was happening.
People might think you're crazy if you do that.
You know that Tom needs to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem to be amused by what was going on.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me that.
You hope Tom don't make us do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem concerned about what might happen.
My name was spelled wrong in today's newspaper.
You haven't told Tom why I did that, have you?
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry to do that.
My mother made all my clothes when I was young.
You have to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom didn't like coffee the first time he tried it.
My children can speak French better than I can.
You don't want Tom to stop doing that, do you?
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that today.
My assistant is a thirty-year-old Canadian man.
You don't want Tom to do that anymore, do you?
Tom didn't know that he had to do that by himself.
Most people here don't know how to play tennis.
You don't know why Tom has to do that, do you?
Tom didn't have a dog the last time I visited him.
Maybe I'll stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
You don't know why Tom didn't do that, do you?
Tom couldn't remember where he'd buried the money.
Luckily, my guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
You didn't tell Tom I had to do that, did you?
Tom couldn't remember where he had parked his car.
Let's make sure that that doesn't happen again.
You didn't know Tom wouldn't do that, did you?
Tom could've stopped doing that if he'd wanted to.
It's much more dangerous there than we thought.
You didn't believe Tom would do that, did you?
Tom could've been right, but I think he was wrong.
It's already been a year since I last did that.
You didn't believe Tom could do that, did you?
Tom could've been intoxicated, but he acted sober.
It'll take you at least three hours to do that.
You asked Tom to help you do that, didn't you?
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I wouldn't do that.
It'll take us several weeks to finish this job.
You asked Tom not to do that here, didn't you?
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I couldn't do that.
It'll probably be dangerous for you to do that.
You asked Tom if he could do that, didn't you?
Tom began doing that when he was living in Boston.
It'll probably be almost impossible to do that.
Would you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for the meeting.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
Will Tom really be able to do that by himself?
Tom asked me to help him with his French homework.
It took me about three hours to read this book.
Why do you think Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Tom asked if it would be dangerous if he did that.
It takes a lot of money to do that, doesn't it?
Why do you think Tom won't do that by himself?
Tom and I were in the same French class last year.
It probably won't be very expensive to do that.
Why did you tell Tom I had trouble doing that?
Tom and I used to talk to each other all the time.
It must be boring for you to do that every day.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't like doing that?
Tom and I talked for quite a while this afternoon.
It makes no difference whether you come or not.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have to do that?
Tom and I swam together every morning last summer.
It doesn't look like you're through doing that.
Who told you Tom wouldn't know how to do that?
Tom and I sometimes speak to each other in French.
It doesn't look like you're tempted to do that.
Where do you think Tom will be this afternoon?
Tom and I sat next to each other in the classroom.
If you don't hurry, we won't get there on time.
When did you find out Tom had moved to Boston?
Tom and I often sit next to each other on the bus.
If we had done that, it would've been more fun.
What should we do while we're waiting for Tom?
Tom and I never stay angry at each other for long.
If I decide to come over, I'll give you a call.
We should've been in Boston on Tom's birthday.
Tom and I got married in a small church in Boston.
I've decided not to go to Boston until October.
We should take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom and I are studying for tomorrow's French test.
I've decided it would be better not to do that.
We need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom and I are going to climb Mt. Fuji next summer.
I've been working as a plumber for three years.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom admitted he'd been doing that for a long time.
I'm pretty good at French, but not good enough.
This is the first time Tom has ever done this.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we asked him to do.
I'm not supposed to do that this late at night.
There's no chance that Tom will win the fight.
Tom admitted he did what he wasn't supposed to do.
I'm not afraid to do that, but some people are.
The only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Tom, I understand that you've started doing that.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
The only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Tom's teammates are glad he's able to play again.
I went into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tell Tom not to do that when we're not around.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he didn't have to.
I was told that we don't have to do that today.
Should we tell Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Tom would've done that if he'd had the chance to.
I was never given the chance to try doing that.
Please tell Tom that he's required to do that.
Tom would never try to do that without some help.
I wanted to go, but I had lots of things to do.
Please tell Tom he has to do that before 2:30.
Tom won't have to do anything he doesn't want to.
I wanted to be the one who bought that for you.
Please tell Tom I need to do that before 2:30.
Tom won't be able to do that unless you help him.
I want you to stay in Boston until next Monday.
Please tell Tom I don't need to do that today.
Tom will very likely have a good time doing that.
I want to make sure you understand what I want.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Tom will unlikely give you permission to do that.
I want to know why you're not going to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
Tom will probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I want to know whether you'll be ready by 2:30.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
Tom will probably be difficult to get along with.
I want to know how long we're going to be here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
Tom will live in Boston for at least three years.
I want to get to Boston as quickly as possible.
Let's do something special for Tom's birthday.
Tom will likely be very hungry when he gets home.
I want to buy that, but I don't have any money.
Just make sure you tell Tom about the meeting.
Tom will likely be gone by the time we get there.
I want to be a police detective when I grow up.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom was very vague about what he was going to do.
I thought you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom was the only other person who had to do that.
I thought you'd be amused by what was going on.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't do that.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that with me.
It'll probably be possible for Tom to do that.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me for help.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that here.
Is it true that Tom will be taking your place?
Tom was never given the chance to try doing that.
I thought you were told not to do that anymore.
Is it necessary for Tom to do that by himself?
Tom was in Boston visiting his parents last week.
I thought you said you'd still like to do that.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very much.
Tom was carrying two suitcases, one in each hand.
I thought you said you were willing to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't like it if you did that.
Tom wanted to leave, but I persuaded him to stay.
I thought you said you were tempted to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom wanted me to give him enough time to do that.
I thought you said someone told you to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
Tom told me yesterday that he'd do that tomorrow.
I thought that I wouldn't need to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't expect that to happen.
I thought that I wouldn't have to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that I'm difficult to get along with.
I thought I'd forgotten to close the windows.
I'm sure Tom won't be finished doing that yet.
Tom told me that I need to go to today's meeting.
I thought I'd forgotten to tell you what to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be excused from doing that.
Tom told me that I need to be at today's meeting.
I thought I'd be gone by the time you got here.
I'm sure Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought it would be OK to do that.
I thought I heard some voices in the next room.
I'm sure Tom is going to be cut from the team.
Tom told his friends that he was going to Boston.
I think that what you're suggesting won't work.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Boston now.
Tom threw rocks at the wolves to scare them away.
I think it's probably not unethical to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done that yet.
Tom thought you were going to be able to do that.
I think it's probably not expensive to do that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom thought that the judge's decision was unfair.
I think it's probably not dangerous to do that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom thought he could do that if he had some help.
I think it might not be interesting to do that.
I'm going to meet Tom at the bus stop at 2:30.
Tom thinks he's too important to do that himself.
I think I'm the person you've been looking for.
I'll make sure that Tom never does that again.
Tom tells me that you're very good at doing that.
I think I'll be able to do that this afternoon.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wants to do that.
I still don't know what's going to happen next.
I wonder if Tom is talented enough to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needs to do that.
I shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
I won't likely tell Tom why I want to do that.
Tom still hasn't done what we've asked him to do.
I shouldn't have gone out after dark by myself.
I won't likely tell Tom why I need to do that.
Tom stayed in Boston with the rest of the family.
I should be out of the hospital by next Monday.
I won't likely tell Tom why I have to do that.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in the hospital.
I pretended I didn't know how to open the safe.
I wish you hadn't told Tom I hated doing that.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV last weekend.
I often get hungry about 2:in the afternoon.
I wish that Tom would tell me where he's been.
Tom spent a lot of time in the library on Monday.
I need to stay in Boston for a few more nights.
I wasn't surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom spends most of his free time with his family.
I looked under the table to see what was there.
I wasn't surprised that Tom needed to do that.
Tom shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
I looked around at all the boxes in the garage.
I wasn't convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom should've hired a French-speaking babysitter.
I know I shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
I wasn't convinced that Tom needed to do that.
Tom should've been gone by the time we got there.
I just found out that you're going to be fired.
I was hoping Tom would show me how to do that.
Tom should be able to answer all those questions.
I hope you don't expect me to buy that for you.
I was going to take a nap, but Tom dropped by.
Tom says this will be the last time he does this.
I got back home earlier than I thought I would.
I want to dye my hair the same color as Tom's.
Tom says this will be the last time he does that.
I found the sunglasses that I thought I'd lost.
I told Tom that I didn't have time to do that.
Tom says it doesn't matter to him if you do that.
I don't want to talk about that over the phone.
I told Tom I needed his help, so he helped me.
Tom says he thinks it might be stupid to do that.
I told Tom I couldn't remember his dog's name.
Tom says he thinks he might be arrested tomorrow.
I don't understand why I'm supposed to do that.
I thought you were supposed to be helping Tom.
Tom says he still remembers the time we did that.
I don't think there's any risk of losing today.
I thought you said you've seen Tom doing that.
Tom says he doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
I don't think it's possible for you to do that.
I thought you said you were glad Tom did that.
Tom says he doesn't intend to ever do that again.
I don't think it would be expensive to do that.
I thought the guy you were talking to was Tom.
Tom sat there all afternoon, feeding the pigeons.
I don't think it would be dangerous to do that.
I thought Tom would be shocked, but he wasn't.
Tom said you didn't want to go to Boston with us.
I don't think I'll be the first one to do that.
I thought Tom would be at home, but he wasn't.
Tom said we weren't permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that again.
I thought Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said we weren't allowed to swim here anymore.
I don't think I need to do that until tomorrow.
I thought Tom was going to ask you to do that.
Tom said this will be the last time he does that.
I don't think I have to do that until tomorrow.
I thought Tom was glad that that had happened.
Tom said the solution to the problem was obvious.
I don't really want to deal with the situation.
I thought Tom was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that wasn't the real reason he did that.
I don't make enough money to support my family.
I thought Tom might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he wasn't living in Boston anymore.
I don't like to hang out with people who smoke.
I thought Tom might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he simply couldn't wait any longer.
I don't know where I'm going to live next year.
I thought Tom didn't know how use a chain saw.
Tom said last night's concert lasted three hours.
I don't have my parents' permission to do that.
I think you could get Tom to buy that for you.
Tom said it wasn't the first time he'd done that.
I don't have any friends who like to play golf.
I think Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
Tom said his company would likely offer me a job.
I don't go to the movies as often as I used to.
I think Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he's really glad he was able to do that.
I don't go to the dentist as often as I should.
I think Tom won't be the first one to do that.
Tom said he's never been to a Chinese restaurant.
I don't do that as well as I should be able to.
I think Tom won't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at singing.
I don't allow my children to go out after dark.
I think Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
Tom said he'll do that for you if you ask him to.
I didn't wear a suit to my graduation ceremony.
I think Tom won't be at home tomorrow morning.
Tom said he'd help me do that if I wanted him to.
I didn't want to write about what had happened.
I think Tom will probably know how to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't want to take over the family business.
I think Tom will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
I didn't want to know what was going to happen.
I think Tom will be through doing that by now.
Tom said he wished he'd eaten more for breakfast.
I didn't want to be the one who had to do that.
I think Tom will be surprised if that happens.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spent so much money.
I didn't think you'd be doing that for so long.
I think Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
Tom said he was too short to reach the top shelf.
I didn't think you'd be doing that by yourself.
I think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he was hoping we could do that together.
I didn't think doing that would be so much fun.
I think Tom will be able to help us next week.
Tom said he wanted me to show him how to do that.
I didn't think doing that would be a good idea.
I think Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't want to do that.
I didn't think I'd have enough time to do that.
I think Tom may visit Boston on his next trip.
Tom said he thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this smell.
I think Tom is the only one who can't do that.
Tom said he thought the economy was in bad shape.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this noise.
I think I know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that would likely not happen.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to doing that.
I still haven't told Tom why I had to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I didn't think I'd be the first one to do that.
I should probably tell Tom what I need to buy.
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that.
I didn't think I would have to do that anymore.
I should probably tell Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that.
I didn't tell anyone what I was planning to do.
I should probably tell Tom to quit doing that.
Tom said he needs to do that as soon as possible.
I didn't stick around to see what would happen.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm tired.
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that.
I didn't start playing the mandolin until 2013.
I should do that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom said he just wanted to buy something cheaper.
I didn't really like my job. That's why I quit.
I said that I didn't want to do that with Tom.
Tom said he hopes that happens before he retires.
I didn't like coffee the first time I tried it.
I promised Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
Tom said he expected us do the same thing he did.
I didn't know that you needed to do that today.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to watch TV this evening.
I didn't know that you could understand French.
I know that you and Tom will do that together.
Tom said he didn't think we should be doing that.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he had to do that today.
I didn't know if I'd be able to do that or not.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't have anything he needed to do.
I didn't know how to do what needed to be done.
I found some old coins in the box Tom gave me.
Tom said he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know how to do that until last spring.
I forgot to remind Tom that he had to do that.
Tom said he did that, but he didn't really do it.
I didn't have enough time, so I didn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be upset.
Tom said he could do that, but he wasn't able to.
I didn't have enough strength to open the door.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be ready.
Tom said he assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
I didn't commit the crime I've been accused of.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be early.
Tom said doing that shouldn't take too much time.
I didn't anticipate that it would be a problem.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake.
Tom said I should've asked him to do that for me.
I did that yesterday, so I don't have to today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be alone.
Tom quit studying French after just three months.
I did that for more than three hours yesterday.
I doubt that Tom will be fired for doing that.
Tom promised himself he wouldn't do that anymore.
I did that a lot better than I thought I would.
I doubt that Tom will be fined for doing that.
Tom probably won't do that again until next year.
I did that a lot better than I thought I could.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that yet.
Tom probably won't be able to do that on his own.
I can't sing very well and neither can my wife.
I don't think that Tom looks like his brother.
Tom probably doesn't know why you didn't do that.
I can't remember exactly where I parked my car.
I don't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to do that.
I can't play the dulcimer as well as I used to.
I don't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to get to my place.
I can understand why you don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be fired.
I came here as soon as I heard you needed help.
I don't think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly how to do that.
How old were you when you first went to Boston?
I don't think Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom probably doesn't have the ability to do that.
How much time do you think you need to do that?
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to do that.
How much longer to you think I need to do this?
I don't think Tom really has to do that again.
Tom probably did that just to get some attention.
How many times do you laugh in an ordinary day?
I don't think Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom poured two cups of coffee and gave one to me.
How many times did you go swimming last summer?
I don't think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
Tom often puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
How many more hours do you plan to study today?
I don't think Tom is going to do that anymore.
Tom never returned the money he borrowed from me.
How many months does it really take to do that?
I don't think Tom can stop me from doing that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry to get home.
How many days will it actually take to do that?
I don't think I really had to do that for Tom.
Tom left here thirty minutes before you got here.
How many days does it actually take to do that?
I don't really expect Tom to come to my party.
Tom knows he shouldn't try doing that by himself.
How many books do you think you read last year?
I don't need to know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom knew that he'd be able to do that eventually.
How long would you recommend we stay in Boston?
I don't know why Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom knew he might not need to do that by himself.
How do you think we should handle this problem?
I don't know why Tom didn't come to the party.
Tom knew he might not have to do that by himself.
How did you know what to do when that happened?
I don't know whether Tom is having fun or not.
Tom isn't yet quite sure what he should be doing.
Even if you don't want to do that, you need to.
I don't know whether Tom is a Canadian or not.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless you help him.
Even if you don't want to do that, you have to.
I don't know whether Tom can sing well or not.
Tom isn't very likely to be fired for doing that.
Don't you think it would be foolish to do that?
I don't know whether Tom can cook well or not.
Tom isn't very likely be arrested for doing that.
Don't forget to remind me to renew my passport.
I don't know where Tom learned how to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who knows what's going on.
Doing that will be a lot easier than you think.
I don't know where Tom has been all afternoon.
Tom isn't likely to be reluctant to do that.
Do you want to take a walk before going to bed?
I don't know what to buy Tom for his birthday.
Tom isn't likely to be motivated to do that.
Do you really think it's impossible to do that?
I don't know if Tom will come tomorrow or not.
Tom isn't likely to be desperate to do that.
Do you really think it's depressing to do that?
I don't know how to deal with people like Tom.
Tom is the same friendly person he's always been.
Do you really think doing that would be stupid?
I don't go to the movies as often as Tom does.
Tom is the only one who seems to know what to do.
Didn't you know you were likely to be arrested?
I didn't wear the shirt Tom wanted me to wear.
Tom is the only one who knows what we need to do.
Didn't you know you could walk there from here?
I didn't want you to tell Tom about the party.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be tired.
Did you read comic books when you were a child?
I didn't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Could you please dig this hole a little deeper?
I didn't want Tom to help me with my homework.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have an umbrella.
Can't you stay in Boston until at least Monday?
I didn't think Tom's idea was a very good one.
Tom is the only one who didn't volunteer to help.
Can I stay in Boston for a couple of more days?
I didn't think Tom would be drunk, but he was.
Tom is still too young to get a driver's license.
As I told you before, I can't help you do that.
I didn't think Tom would be busy this morning.
Tom is staying in a motel not very far from here.
Are you tired of people telling you what to do?
I didn't think Tom really knew how to do that.
Tom is someone I have trouble getting along with.
Are you really thinking about moving to Boston?
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that.
Tom is probably waiting for you in the lobby now.
All three of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
I didn't tell Tom that I couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom is one of the three guys who need to do that.
About how many minutes will it take to do that?
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that before.
Tom is one of the three guys who have to do that.
About how many minutes does it take to do that?
I didn't remember to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were injured.
A majority of the people here can speak French.
I didn't really think Tom did that by himself.
Tom is much smarter than most people think he is.
"How do you get to school?" "By bus and train."
I didn't know whether Tom was swimming or not.
Tom is lucky to still be excused from doing that.
Your parents would never allow you to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would be at your party.
Tom is lucky that so many people have helped him.
You're the only person I've ever really hated.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom is in his third season as the team's manager.
You're the only person I know who can do that.
I didn't know that Tom was interested in jazz.
Tom inherited a grand piano from his grandfather.
You're the only one who's supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to Australia.
Tom hasn't lost as much weight as he says he has.
You're the only one who's not able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom used to be a policeman.
Tom hasn't been seen in public since he resigned.
You're the only one who knows how to fix that.
I didn't know that Tom expected me to do that.
Tom hasn't been doing that as often as he should.
You're still a resident of Boston, aren't you?
I didn't know Tom was living with your family.
Tom has worked as a bartender since last October.
You're not the only one who's able to do that.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom has told me he has to go to Boston next week.
You're not supposed to be doing that, are you?
I didn't know Tom thought I shouldn't do that.
You're likely the only person who can do that.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that yesterday.
Tom has raised three million dollars for charity.
You're feeling a lot better today, aren't you?
I didn't know Tom didn't have time to do that.
Tom has managed to do everything he needed to do.
You'll likely lose some weight if you do that.
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I'm glad I did.
Tom has borrowed a lot of money from his friends.
You'll go to the hospital tomorrow, won't you?
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom the truth.
Tom has been getting into trouble a lot recently.
You'd probably be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.
Tom has been doing that for the last three years.
You wouldn't like it if I did that, would you?
I didn't even try to pretend that I liked Tom.
Tom has been doing that for at least three years.
You won't be able to do that without our help.
I didn't believe Tom when he said he loved me.
Tom has an upset stomach because he ate too much.
You were tricked into doing that, weren't you?
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.
Tom has advised me not to start doing that again.
You were the last one to do that, weren't you?
I couldn't find the money that Tom had hidden.
Tom hardly ever goes to places like that anymore.
You were supposed to have done that yesterday.
I can't remember what Tom told me I should do.
Tom got up an hour later than usual this morning.
You were excused from doing that, weren't you?
I can't remember what Tom told me I had to do.
Tom got his first chance to do that this morning.
You thought that we could do that, didn't you?
I can't do that, and Tom can't do that either.
Tom got a little drunk and became very talkative.
You thought I'd refuse to do that, didn't you?
I asked Tom why he did that the way he did it.
Tom expects to be finished doing that in October.
You thought I'd already done that, didn't you?
I always thought Tom would eventually do that.
Tom drinks two or three cups of coffee every day.
You thought I knew how to do that, didn't you?
How many times do you think Tom has done that?
Tom doesn't yet know I'm not very happy about it.
You think I really have to do that, don't you?
How did you talk Tom into buying that for you?
Tom doesn't think you'll be permitted to do that.
You still do that whenever you can, don't you?
How did you know Tom was going to be arrested?
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a good idea.
You should stay in Boston for a few more days.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he's talking about.
You should go to Boston and visit your family.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't seem to be amused by what's going on.
You should be able to do that without my help.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that anymore.
You seemed convinced that I needed to do that.
Does Tom think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Tom doesn't really think we can do that, does he?
You seem to be keeping yourself in good shape.
Does Tom still do that as often as he used to?
Tom doesn't really think he can do that, does he?
You really should've gone to Boston last week.
Does Tom still come to Boston every Christmas?
Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
You overheard what we were saying, didn't you?
Do you want me to get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
You must be able to speak French for this job.
Do you want me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
You look like you're too tired to do anything.
Do you think Tom would be hesitant to do that?
Tom doesn't have very much money, but he gets by.
You know that I've never done that, don't you?
Do you think Tom will be permitted to do that?
Tom doesn't have very much experience doing that.
You knew I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
Do you mean you didn't really see Tom do that?
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
You knew I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Do you know the reason why Tom was doing that?
Tom didn't want to think about what might happen.
You hope you don't need to do that, don't you?
Didn't you know that Tom was living in Boston?
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had no choice.
You haven't had a chance to do that, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to do that?
Tom didn't want me to help him with his homework.
You haven't finished doing that yet, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be here?
Tom didn't seem to know who he needed to talk to.
You haven't done that yet this year, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom spent time in prison?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what was going on.
You haven't done that as many times as I have.
Didn't you know Tom would want you to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what he had to do.
You haven't actually ever done that, have you?
Didn't you know Tom was still studying French?
Tom didn't seem convinced that he had to do that.
You had a dog when you were a kid, didn't you?
Didn't you know Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom didn't like sushi the first time he tried it.
You don't think that I should do that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last winter?
Tom didn't learn how to do that from his parents.
You don't think I've going to do that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was good at playing chess?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done wasn't legal.
You don't think I should've done that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't have any brothers?
Tom didn't know that we were supposed to do that.
You don't really think we can do that, do you?
Did you know that Tom would be here this week?
Tom didn't know that he had to do that yesterday.
You don't really feel like doing that, do you?
Did you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
Tom didn't know how long he was supposed to wait.
You don't need to do that anymore, do you?
Did you know that Tom was planning to do that?
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that today.
You don't need to go there unless you want to.
Did you know that Tom was in Boston last year?
Tom didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
You don't need to do that by yourself, do you?
Ask Tom if he knows how to operate a forklift.
Tom didn't do that as well as I thought he would.
You don't know who's going to do that, do you?
A lot of people criticized Tom for doing that.
Tom did that for three hours yesterday afternoon.
You don't know when I need to do that, do you?
"Will you meet Tom tomorrow" "Yes, I plan to."
Tom decided it would be too difficult to do that.
You don't have you to do that anymore, do you?
You've asked Tom not to do that, haven't you?
Tom couldn't read or write until he was thirteen.
You don't have to do that by yourself, do you?
You're the only one who ever really knew Tom.
Tom could be prejudiced, but I don't think he is.
You don't have to do that again today, do you?
You're the one who got Tom drunk, aren't you?
Tom came over just as I was about to do that.
You don't do that now as often as you used to.
You're not going to let Tom do that, are you?
Tom called me to tell me that he has a flat tire.
You do that every Monday afternoon, don't you?
You're not expecting Tom to do that, are you?
Tom began playing the drums when he was thirteen.
You didn't think I needed to do that, did you?
You'll never let Tom do that again, will you?
Tom assured me that he would never do that again.
You didn't know that I could do that, did you?
You'll do that if Tom asks you to, won't you?
Tom asked me if any of my sisters were unmarried.
You didn't have to do that yesterday, did you?
You'd never permit Tom to do that, would you?
Tom asked if he really had to do that by himself.
You didn't have permission to do that, do you?
You were the one who inspired Tom to do that.
Tom apparently has to study French at his school.
You didn't actually do that yourself, did you?
You warned Tom you might do that, didn't you?
Tom apparently had to study French at his school.
You did that in Boston last month, didn't you?
You told Tom he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom and his friends are outside, waiting for you.
You agreed that we should do that, didn't you?
You thought Tom ought to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I'll wait for you in front of the school.
When was the last time you were out on a date?
You think Tom isn't going do that, don't you?
Tom and I'll probably never see each other again.
What made you think I was finished doing that?
You think I could get Tom do that, don't you?
Tom and I won't play study together this evening.
We're fortunate that we're allowed to do that.
You should've told Tom why he had to do that.
Tom and I went outside to see what was happening.
We used to go to Boston at least once a month.
You should've given Tom more time to do that.
Tom and I plan to spend Valentine's Day together.
We should leave this area as soon as possible.
You should tell Tom that you have to do that.
Tom and I live across the street from each other.
We should get out of here as soon as possible.
You should tell Tom that he ought to do that.
Tom and I even often wear the same color clothes.
We might stay in Boston for a couple of weeks.
You should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom and I entered the classroom at the same time.
We may need to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
You should let Tom know that you can do that.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what we needed to do.
We may need to live in Boston for a few years.
You should ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom and I both don't remember where we first met.
We may have to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
You seemed to be surprised when Tom did that.
Tom and I are getting ready to do that right now.
We may have to live in Boston for a few years.
You seemed convinced that Tom had to do that.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he promised to do.
We may have to be in Boston for a week or two.
You seem convinced that Tom wants to do that.
Tom's French has improved a lot since last year.
We lived in Chicago before we moved to Boston.
You seem convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
We have permission to build thirty new houses.
You saw Tom doing that yesterday, didn't you?
Tom would be disappointed if he saw you do that.
We always get a lot of snow this time of year.
You know why Tom wants to do that, don't you?
Tom wondered how much time he'd have to do that.
We always get a lot of rain this time of year.
You knew that Tom was doing that, didn't you?
Tom won't likely give you permission to do that.
Unfortunately, I was stupid enough to do that.
You knew Tom would be doing that, didn't you?
Tom won't likely be present at Monday's meeting.
This morning's meeting was shorter than usual.
You don't want Tom to do that for me, do you?
Tom won't likely be finished doing that by 2:30.
They say it gets very cold here in the winter.
You don't think Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be difficult to get along with.
There's something I have to talk to you about.
You don't think Tom ought to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be confused about that anymore.
There's no way I'm going to do that by myself.
You don't think Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be awake at this time of night.
There are a few magazines on the coffee table.
You don't think Tom meant to do that, do you?
Tom won't let his children speak French at home.
The beach is always crowded this time of year.
You don't think Tom is going do that, do you?
Tom will probably to be excused from doing that.
Please check to see if there are any mistakes.
You don't really want Tom to do that, do you?
Tom will probably be through doing that by 2:30.
No one wants to do that, but one of us has to.
You don't really care what Tom wants, do you?
Tom will probably be present at today's meeting.
My truck was slightly damaged in the accident.
You don't like the way Tom does that, do you?
Tom will probably be exhausted after doing that.
My last name was Jackson before I got married.
You don't like it when Tom does that, do you?
Tom wasn't the first one to get up this morning.
My family has a summer house in the mountains.
You don't know why Tom is doing that, do you?
Tom wasn't taller than me when we were thirteen.
Just thinking about doing that makes me tired.
You didn't want to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom wasn't able to think of a good hiding place.
It's important to do that every day, isn't it?
You didn't want to do that with Tom, did you?
Tom was the only other person who could do that.
It'll take you at least three days to do that.
You did that the way Tom told you to, I hope.
Tom was the one who showed me how to copy files.
It'll take me at least three hours to do that.
You did that just to impress Tom, didn't you?
Tom was the manager of our team three years ago.
It'll take a lot of time to finish doing that.
You asked Tom why he'd done that, didn't you?
Tom was the last person who lived in this house.
It'll probably be possible for you to do that.
You asked Tom to stop doing that, didn't you?
Tom was in his mid thirties when he got married.
It wouldn't be any trouble to do that for you.
You asked Tom to do that quietly, didn't you?
Tom was happy that someone wanted his old piano.
It would be very unfortunate if that happened.
You asked Tom to do that for you, didn't you?
Tom wants to know what we expect to happen next.
It would be unethical for me to tell you that.
You and Tom will do that together, won't you?
Tom walked across the room to open the curtains.
It would be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
You and I are the only people Tom knows here.
Tom told us that it wasn't necessary to do that.
It would be impossible to do that by yourself.
You already know why Tom did that, don't you?
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for him.
It would be great if you could do that for me.
You agreed to ask Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom told me there was no need for me to do that.
It would be depressing to do that by yourself.
Would you be good enough to buy that for Tom?
Tom told me that he's unenthusiastic about that.
It won't be easy to do that without some help.
Would it be OK if Tom did that instead of me?
Tom told me that he's troubled by what happened.
It looked like you were just about to do that.
Would Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Tom told me that he's grateful for all our help.
Is it OK if I stay in Boston for another week?
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
Tom told me that he'll be in Boston next Monday.
If you try, I think you'll be able to do that.
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be arrested?
Tom thought he might need to do that by himself.
If you don't do that, it'll cause me problems.
When was it that you went to Boston with Tom?
Tom thought he might have to do that by himself.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me.
When did you find out Tom had been in prison?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a good idea.
I've lived in Boston for the past three years.
When did you decide to permit Tom to do that?
Tom surrendered himself to the police on Monday.
I've decided to stay here for a few more days.
Was it you who told Tom he shouldn't do that?
Tom studied French for three hours this morning.
I've decided not to live in Boston any longer.
Was it you who told Tom he needed to do that?
Tom still has a lot to do before he can go home.
I've been told we're not allowed to park here.
Three of Tom's friends are already in prison.
Tom still doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
I'm the only person here who can speak French.
There's no way Tom did that without any help.
Tom started to go insane after his parents died.
I'm the only one who knows what we have to do.
There's no way I'm going to do that with Tom.
Tom started screaming, so the children ran away.
I'm sure I won't be allowed to do that either.
There's no chance that Tom will ever do that.
Tom sleeps as if she had never done that before.
I'm sure I won't be able to do that by myself.
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do that.
Tom shouldn't have done that without permission.
I'm supposed to do that at least once a month.
The only one here that's able to do that is Tom.
Tom should've been very hungry when he got home.
I'm pretty sure banks will be closed tomorrow.
That was the first time I helped Tom do that.
Tom should've been amused by what was happening.
I'm pretty happy with the progress we've made.
Please tell Tom that he needs to work harder.
Tom should be able to do that without your help.
I'm not the only one who knows how to do that.
Please tell Tom that I don't need to do that.
Tom seems to have trouble controlling his anger.
I'm not the only one who didn't pass the test.
Please find out when Tom wants us to do that.
Tom seemed to have a hard time making ends meet.
I'm glad I stayed in Boston for a week longer.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
Tom seemed satisfied with the answer I gave him.
I'm a lot smarter than most people think I am.
It was yesterday that Tom started to do that.
Tom says you don't want to go to Boston with us.
I'll try not to take up too much of your time.
It takes a lot of courage to do what Tom did.
Tom says he thought he could do that by himself.
I'd rather not visit Boston during the winter.
It sounds like Tom might not want to do that.
Tom says he never feels like doing that anymore.
I'd rather do that now while it's still light.
It sounds like Tom might not need to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he could ever do that.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Boston.
It sounds like Tom might not have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really feel like doing that.
I'd like to do that with you today, but can't.
It looks like Tom isn't very good at dancing.
Tom says he doesn't have the courage to do that.
I'd go camping with you if my leg didn't hurt.
Is it true that Tom was the one who did that?
Tom says he doesn't care whether we stay or not.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me do that.
Is Tom the only one who knows how to do that?
Tom says he doesn't believe you really did that.
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom do that.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that right now.
I wouldn't want to do anything that's illegal.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said we shouldn't leave until after sunrise.
I wouldn't have done that if I didn't have to.
I'm sure Tom will be organized. He always is.
Tom said three million dollars had been donated.
I wonder if it's against the rules to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that again.
Tom said that was the first time he'd done that.
I wish you would do that early in the morning.
I wonder if Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that just doing that isn't good enough.
I wish we'd stayed in Boston for another week.
I wish that I could spend more time with Tom.
Tom said that he wasn't studying French anymore.
I wish that I could spend more time in Boston.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I'd done.
Tom said that he thought Boston was a safe city.
I wish I'd remembered to buy flowers for Mary.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said that he had a lot of fun at your party.
I wish I were better at playing the saxophone.
I went to the same kindergarten that Tom did.
Tom said it wasn't the first time that happened.
I wish I were able to visit Boston more often.
I wasn't the one who told Tom not to do that.
Tom said it was more difficult than he expected.
I wish I could stay in Boston a little longer.
I wasn't the one who told Tom how to do that.
Tom said it felt good to get outside in the sun.
I wasn't surprised that you needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom said he's ready to do whatever is necessary.
I was surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I was in love with Tom when I was a teenager.
Tom said he's looking forward to his retirement.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I was impressed by the how well Tom did that.
Tom said he's been waiting for over three hours.
I wanted to stay home yesterday, but I didn't.
I wanted to do that, but Tom wouldn't let me.
Tom said he's been asked not to do that anymore.
I wanted to go to Boston and live with my dad.
I want to spend the rest of my life with Tom.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at sports.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I couldn't.
I want to know where Tom went to high school.
Tom said he'd help me figure out how to do that.
I want to sell everything that's in my garage.
I want to finish eating before Tom gets here.
Tom said he'd do that for you if you asked him to.
I want to move out and find a place of my own.
I understand why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he'd do that for me if I wanted him to.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen to me.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that again.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
I want to know if you have a driver's license.
I told Tom that I wanted to meet his parents.
Tom said he'd be able to do that this afternoon.
I want to get a tattoo of a dragon on my back.
I told Tom that I don't have time to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
I want to ask you some questions about French.
I told Tom that I didn't remember doing that.
Tom said he wished he could speak French better.
I tried to stay awake, but I soon fell asleep.
I told Tom that I didn't need to do anything.
Tom said he wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
I thought you'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was too old to go mountain climbing.
I thought you'd be outside on a day like this.
I told Tom that I didn't have to do anything.
Tom said he was the only one who had to do that.
I thought you were going to do that yesterday.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything to do.
Tom said he wanted to be an electrical engineer.
I thought you said you've seen people do that.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting his time.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that.
I thought you said you've only done that once.
I thought Tom would be doing that by himself.
Tom said he thought he knew what had to be done.
I thought you said you were glad you did that.
I thought Tom would be awake when I got home.
Tom said he thought he could do that by himself.
I thought you said you were afraid to do that.
I thought Tom was present at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
I thought you didn't know how to speak French.
I thought Tom was going to ask us to do that.
Tom said he probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
I think you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom was going to ask me to do that.
Tom said he might go to Boston in a week or two.
I think that what you've suggested won't work.
I think Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he may stay in Boston for a few months.
I think it's probably not possible to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that the hard way.
I think I didn't make a good first impression.
I think Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that.
I think I can do both things at the same time.
I think Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that today.
I still have a lot to do before I can go home.
I think Tom would be excused from doing that.
Tom said he hoped he could learn how to do that.
I stayed in Boston for three months last year.
I think Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
Tom said he doesn't have the power to stop that.
I shouldn't have done that without permission.
I think Tom won't be the next one to do that.
Tom said he doesn't have enough time to do that.
I should've stayed in Boston for another week.
I think Tom won't be the last one to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to study French anymore.
I should've handled the situation differently.
I think Tom won't be doing that anytime soon.
Tom said he didn't want to sing with us anymore.
I should be doing the same thing you're doing.
I think Tom will have a hard time doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to help weed the garden.
I should be able to help you tomorrow morning.
I think Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with me.
I should be able to do that without your help.
I think Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to force you to do that.
I should be able to change the tire by myself.
I think Tom is the only Canadian on our team.
Tom said he didn't think that actually happened.
I regret that I can't help you in this matter.
I think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
Tom said he didn't think he should say anything.
I realize I don't have enough time to do that.
I think Tom is coming to Boston next weekend.
Tom said he didn't believe that really happened.
I pretended I didn't know anything about that.
I think Tom could've been tempted to do that.
Tom said doing that was easier than he expected.
I made the mistake of trying to do that alone.
I think Tom could be just the person we need.
Tom said I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
I looked around to see if anyone was watching.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom said I don't have to do that this afternoon.
I looked around the room to see who was there.
I still haven't told Tom why I won't do that.
Tom really would've enjoyed doing that with you.
I know this won't be the last time we do this.
I should've known better than to believe Tom.
Tom really needs to do that as soon as possible.
I hope you don't get suspended for doing that.
I should've done that the way Tom told me to.
Tom promised that that would never happen again.
I hope you don't expect me to do that for you.
I should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
Tom promised that he wouldn't lie to me anymore.
I hope you can understand why I won't do that.
I should tell Tom that I want him to do that.
Tom promised me that that'll never happen again.
I have to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I should tell Tom I want to find another job.
Tom probably should do that as soon as possible.
I have a candle, but I don't have any matches.
I should probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did was wrong.
I had to do that even though I didn't want to.
I should probably tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm not Canadian.
I had some free time yesterday, so I did that.
I should probably tell Tom what I need to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that I don't like him.
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that.
I should probably tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom probably doesn't know how he should do that.
I got back home sooner than I thought I would.
I should probably tell Tom to do that for me.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what happened.
I gained a lot of weight when I was in Boston.
I should probably tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about Boston.
I don't want to take over the family business.
I should probably tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about Australia.
I don't want to do this, but I have no choice.
I should probably tell Tom I have to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that today.
I don't want to be the one who has to do that.
I never thought Tom would be able to do that.
Tom plans to start doing that as soon as he can.
I don't want anyone in my room while I'm away.
I need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry to do that.
I don't think you'll have much fun doing that.
I might speak French with Tom when I see him.
Tom knows a lot about wild animals in this area.
I don't think it's ethical for you to do that.
I looked around the room, but didn't see Tom.
Tom isn't very likely to go to camp this summer.
I don't think it would be possible to do that.
I like the same kind of stuff that Tom likes.
Tom isn't very likely to be there for very long.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not agree to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be hungry when he gets here.
I don't think I'll be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom would be arrested sooner or later.
Tom isn't likely to be sensible about that.
I don't think I'll be the last one to do that.
I knew Tom might not want to do that anymore.
Tom isn't likely to be hesitant to do that.
I don't think I'll be awake when you get home.
I hope that Tom will teach me how to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy if you do that.
I don't think I'd have the courage to do that.
I hope Tom isn't irritated by all this noise.
Tom is trying to figure out what we ought to do.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I hope Tom isn't difficult to get along with.
Tom is trying to figure out what he needs to do.
I don't think I'd be interested in doing that.
I hope Tom helps me with my homework tonight.
Tom is trying to earn as much money as possible.
I don't think I have the willpower to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Boston next weekend.
Tom is too diplomatic to do something like that.
I don't think I could do that even if I tried.
I haven't yet told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom is the only person I would trust to do that.
I don't really have time to do that right now.
I finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can't do that.
I don't need to go to Boston until next month.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do that.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be busy.
I don't like the way my mother braids my hair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home.
Tom is the only one who didn't come here by car.
I don't like riding my motorcycle in the rain.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be here.
Tom is the kind of person who likes a challenge.
I don't let people I don't know into my house.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cold.
Tom is staying in a motel not too far from here.
I don't know why I wasn't supposed to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be up this late at night.
Tom is probably not going to do that by himself.
I don't know who's going to be at the meeting.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston this summer.
Tom is probably not going to be able to do that.
I don't know whether I have to do that or not.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is one person I never want to talk to again.
I don't know if I have enough time to do that.
I don't want you to tell Tom about the party.
Tom is one of the three guys who had to do that.
I don't know how to eat sushi with chopsticks.
I don't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom is much richer than most people think he is.
I don't know how much time we have to do that.
I don't want Tom to help me with my homework.
Tom is likely to still be determined to do that.
I don't know how much money I'm going to need.
I don't understand why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom is likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't know anyone who might want to do that.
I don't think Tom would permit me to do that.
Tom is likely to be difficult to get along with.
I don't have to go to Boston until next month.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that.
Tom is going to be very sorry he didn't do that.
I don't have time to go jogging every morning.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
Tom is fortunate that he's permitted to do that.
I don't have time right now to talk to anyone.
I don't think Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom is certainly supposed to be able to do that.
I don't have enough time to do that right now.
I don't think Tom will be nervous doing that.
Tom is by far the smartest student in our class.
I don't have enough money to pay all my bills.
I don't think Tom will be doing that with me.
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that again.
I don't enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
I don't think Tom will be doing that anymore.
Tom hasn't come to French class for three weeks.
I don't earn enough money to support a family.
I don't think Tom will be careless this time.
Tom has two daughters. Both of them are married.
I don't care what you're going to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be at today's meeting.
Tom has to start doing that as soon as possible.
I don't care what kind of music you listen to.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that.
Tom has the same kind of computer that you have.
I didn't want to talk about what had happened.
I don't think Tom really did that by himself.
Tom has the courage to do that, I'm pretty sure.
I didn't want to spend as much money as I did.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that yet.
Tom has studied French for at least three years.
I didn't want to do this, but I had no choice.
I don't think Tom is able to do that anymore.
Tom has promised that he'll never be late again.
I didn't think that anyone would recognize me.
I don't think Tom has the stamina to do that.
Tom has known how to do that since he was three.
I didn't think I'd get bored, but I was wrong.
I don't think Tom has the courage to do that.
Tom has decided to leave early tomorrow morning.
I didn't think I'd be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom has decided he's the one who should do that.
I didn't tell the police officer my real name.
I don't think Tom has enough time to do that.
Tom has been told that he's required to do that.
I didn't tell anyone why I had gone to Boston.
I don't think Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
Tom has been speaking French since he was a kid.
I didn't speak French well enough for the job.
I don't think Tom ever considered doing that.
Tom has been a basketball coach for a long time.
I didn't really feel like eating Chinese food.
I don't really think Tom did that by himself.
Tom has an ex-wife and three children in Boston.
I didn't realize I had my shirt on inside out.
I don't need to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom has already told me I don't need to do that.
I didn't learn how to do that from my parents.
I don't like broccoli and Tom doesn't either.
Tom has already told me I don't have to do that.
I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that.
I don't know why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom has already asked the police for protection.
I didn't know you used to be a French teacher.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom got up much earlier than usual this morning.
I didn't know whether I had to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom will do that or not.
Tom finally managed to buy everything he needed.
I didn't know where the fire extinguisher was.
I don't know where Tom usually goes swimming.
Tom explained why it was a good idea to do that.
I didn't know that you were going to be there.
I don't know where Tom usually goes shopping.
Tom even tried to learn how to play the bassoon.
I didn't know that you expected me to do that.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat for lunch.
Tom doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
I don't know what I did to make Tom so angry.
Tom doesn't think they're capable of doing that.
I didn't know that what I'd done wasn't legal.
I don't know how well Tom can play the drums.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit you to do that.
I didn't know that what I was doing was wrong.
I don't have to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit him to do that.
I didn't know that I was doing anything wrong.
I don't believe a word of what Tom just said.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't know that I had to do that yesterday.
I didn't want to tell Tom how much I weighed.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't know that I had to do that by myself.
I didn't think the jokes Tom told were funny.
Tom doesn't think he'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't know how to respond to that question.
I didn't think Tom would do that, but he did.
Tom doesn't think he wants to do that right now.
I didn't know how long the meeting would last.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to do that.
Tom doesn't think I have enough time to do that.
I didn't know how long I was supposed to wait.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that today.
Tom doesn't really think I can do that, does he?
I didn't know exactly what was expected of me.
I didn't think Tom would allow us to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until I tell him to.
I didn't know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto.
I didn't think Tom would allow me to do that.
Tom doesn't mind taking care of his grandmother.
I didn't know I would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to park there.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know how to explain how he did that.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that today.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous doing that.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
I didn't have to take off my shoes, but I did.
I didn't tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I didn't have to do that, but I did it anyway.
I didn't tell Tom that I was going to Boston.
Tom does just about everything we ask him to do.
I didn't have much time to finish my homework.
I didn't tell Tom that I intended to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know about what had happened.
I didn't have enough time to do anything else.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't be at his party.
Tom didn't like beer the first time he tried it.
I didn't have a bicycle when I was growing up.
I didn't like it when Tom used my toothbrush.
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that.
I didn't give the police officer my real name.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't know when he was supposed to do that.
I didn't get a chance to visit the art museum.
I didn't know whether Tom was thirsty or not.
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was illegal.
I didn't feel well, but I went to work anyway.
I didn't know whether Tom could drive or not.
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I would.
I didn't know whether Tom could do it or not.
Tom didn't know that he needed to do that today.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I could.
I didn't know the song Tom wanted me to sing.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who did that.
I couldn't remember where I had parked my car.
I didn't know that you were Tom's girlfriend.
Tom didn't know how long the meeting would last.
I couldn't have done that by without you help.
I didn't know that Tom would be here all day.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that today.
I could teach you French, but I don't want to.
I didn't know that Tom would be at the party.
Tom didn't do that as well as I expected him to.
I can't remember the combination for the safe.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to leave.
Tom didn't do a very good job cleaning his room.
I can't read what's written on the blackboard.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be there.
Tom didn't become famous until late in his life.
I can't figure out how to get the window open.
I didn't know that Tom had already done that.
Tom did a lot better today than he usually does.
I can't do that very well, so I'm embarrassed.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
Tom delivered newspapers when he was a teenager.
I can stay with you as long as you want me to.
I didn't know how much more money Tom wanted.
Tom decided to drive home in spite of the storm.
I can stay with you as long as you need me to.
I didn't know how long I should wait for Tom.
Tom couldn't remember where he put his passport.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom could've been scared, but he didn't show it.
I almost always do that right after breakfast.
I didn't know Tom was your significant other.
Tom claims he was beaten while he was in prison.
How many weeks does it really take to do that?
I didn't know Tom had never done that before.
Tom changes his passwords at least once a month.
How many times did you go surfing last summer?
I didn't know Tom had a house on Park Street.
Tom bought this pen at a store near the station.
How many hours does it really take to do that?
I didn't know I no longer needed to help Tom.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that he could do that.
How long do you think I should stay in Boston?
I didn't go to the lake with Tom last summer.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that anymore.
How did you know what to do in that situation?
I didn't feel I should do what Tom was doing.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Even if you don't want to do that, you should.
I didn't expect such a nice present from Tom.
Tom asked me to give him enough time to do that.
Don't you think it would be unsafe to do that?
I can still remember the day I first met Tom.
Tom and his neighbors don't get along very well.
Don't you think it would be tiring to do that?
I advise you to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom and I went out for dinner yesterday evening.
Don't you think it would be stupid to do that?
How many minutes will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I together drank three pitchers of beer.
Does you think it's safe to cross this bridge?
How do you know Tom was the one who did that?
Tom and I still play darts every Monday evening.
Do you think it would be dangerous to do that?
How did you know Tom would refuse to do that?
Tom and I need to get up early tomorrow morning.
Do you really think it's unethical to do that?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom and I moved into our new house last weekend.
Do you really think it's enjoyable to do that?
How are we going to keep Tom from doing that?
Tom and I like to sit on the porch after dinner.
Do you really think it's dangerous to do that?
Do you want me to get Tom to do that for you?
Tom and I got married in Boston three years ago.
Do you really think doing that would be wrong?
Do you think Tom would likely do that for us?
Tom and I gave each other presents on Christmas.
Do you really think doing that would be smart?
Do you think Tom would be obliged to do that?
Tom and I couldn't agree on where we should eat.
Do you really think doing that would be silly?
Do you think Tom would be nervous doing that?
Tom and I couldn't agree on what should be done.
Do you really think doing that would be risky?
Do you still see Tom as often as you used to?
Tom and I are still waiting for you to get here.
Do you have a pair of scissors I could borrow?
Do you know the reason why Tom is doing that?
Tom always seems to have a lot of math homework.
Do you get along well with your mother-in-law?
Do you have any idea what Tom is going to do?
Tom admitted he did what we asked him not to do.
Didn't you know that I used to live in Boston?
Didn't you suspect that Tom was lying to you?
Tom admitted he did what he said he wouldn't do.
Did your whole family come to Boston with you?
Didn't you know that Tom is a French teacher?
Tom admits he's been doing that for a long time.
Can you tell me exactly what needs to be done?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't going to be there?
Tom's house is on the other side of the street.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that.
Didn't you know Tom used to enjoy doing that?
Tom's brother didn't make it out alive, either.
Aren't you the one who volunteered to do that?
Didn't you know Tom owns more than one house?
Tom wouldn't have let his own children do that.
Are you really thinking about getting married?
Didn't you know Tom had spent time in prison?
Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
Are we supposed to stop at a railway crossing?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't have any sisters?
Tom would probably be able to buy that for you.
Am I the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and I used to be married?
Tom would be very disappointed if you did that.
Am I the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Did you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom wondered who in the room understood French.
Am I the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Did you know that Tom almost never does that?
Tom won't likely be outside on a day like this.
About how many hours do you do that every day?
Did you know Tom was going to propose to you?
Tom won't likely be impressed with this report.
A wise person wouldn't do something like that.
Did you know Tom used to be a French teacher?
Tom won't likely be as careful as he should be.
"How do you go to school?" "By bus and train."
Apparently, Tom was on television last night.
Tom won't be able to do that without your help.
You've already tried doing that, haven't you?
All three of Tom's brothers can speak French.
Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
You're the only one who knows how to do that.
About how many times a week does Tom do that?
Tom will unlikely have to do that anytime soon.
You're the only one who didn't pass the test.
A judge had ordered Tom to leave the country.
Tom will probably get punished if he does that.
You're a lot smarter now than you used to be.
"Whose car is that over there?" "It's Tom's."
Tom will probably get arrested if he does that.
You're a graduate of the same school as I am.
"Who's that gentleman?" "That's Tom Jackson."
Tom will probably be unenthusiastic about that.
You'll do that as soon as you can, won't you?
You're the one who convinced Tom to do that.
Tom will probably be through doing that by now.
You'd like you to do that, too, wouldn't you?
You're not suggesting Tom did that, are you?
Tom will probably be starved when he gets home.
You wouldn't care if you did that, would you?
You'll do that with Tom tomorrow, won't you?
Tom will probably be impressed by what you did.
You won't be able to see anything from there.
You'll ask Tom to do that for us, won't you?
Tom will probably be amused by what's going on.
You won't be able to do that without my help.
You'd never allow Tom to do that, would you?
Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
You were embarrassed to do that, weren't you?
You were quicker at doing that than Tom was.
Tom will likely be finished doing that by 2:30.
You used to do that every Monday, didn't you?
You tried to get Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be difficult to get along with.
You used to do that all the time, didn't you?
You tricked Tom into doing that, didn't you?
Tom will be intoxicated by the time you arrive.
You used to be a history teacher, didn't you?
You told Tom that you'd do that, didn't you?
Tom will be here for at least three more years.
You think I really had to do that, don't you?
You told Tom I wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom wasn't convinced that he needed to do that.
You think I need to do that today, don't you?
You told Tom I hated doing that, didn't you?
Tom wasn't able to do that until he was thirty.
You think I have to do that today, don't you?
You think that Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom was the first person to tell me about that.
You think I don't need to do that, don't you?
You stopped Tom from doing that, didn't you?
Tom was the first one in our family to do that.
You think I don't have to do that, don't you?
You shouldn't have permitted Tom to do that.
Tom was reading a book all yesterday afternoon.
You think I can do that by myself, don't you?
You should've asked Tom before you did that.
Tom was one of the many people who got injured.
You still want to do that someday, don't you?
You should tell Tom you won't do that again.
Tom usually reads when he's waiting for people.
You still do that once in a while, don't you?
You should tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom used to do that when he was in high school.
You stayed in Boston for a while, didn't you?
You should probably tell Tom you'll do that.
Tom told me that he's interested in doing that.
You shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
You should probably show Tom how to do that.
Tom told me that he'd be in Boston next Monday.
You should've waited until Monday to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom to do that.
Tom told me that he has decided not to do that.
You should've done that before you went home.
You should let Tom know that you'll do that.
Tom told me that I wouldn't be able to do that.
You should try to resist the urge to do that.
You seem to be trying to get Tom to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
You should stay here with us for a few weeks.
You seem to be reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom thought that doing that would be a mistake.
You should be able to do that in three hours.
You refused to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
You promised us you wouldn't do that anymore.
You may be able to talk Tom into doing that.
Tom thought he would be able to do that for me.
You promised that you wouldn't do that again.
You know that Tom should do that, don't you?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a bad idea.
You never thought I'd do that again, did you?
You know that Tom has to do that, don't you?
Tom surprised all of us when he went to Boston.
You never really enjoyed doing that, did you?
You know that Tom didn't do that, don't you?
Tom still isn't very good at playing the flute.
You never got the chance to do that, did you?
You know it was Tom who did that, don't you?
Tom still hasn't told me why he has to do that.
You never expected to do that again, did you?
You haven't told Tom who did that, have you?
Tom still hasn't told me why he had to do that.
You need to know the reasons why we did that.
You don't really think Tom did that, do you?
Tom still hasn't done what you asked him to do.
You know I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You don't like the way Tom did that, do you?
Tom still doesn't know why he needs to do that.
You knew that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Tom would do that, did you?
Tom stayed with us for three weeks last summer.
You hope I'm not going to do that, don't you?
You didn't think Tom could do that, did you?
Tom started crying when his father spanked him.
You don't want us to do that anymore, do you?
You didn't tell Tom how to do that, did you?
Tom shouldn't do that kind of thing by himself.
You don't think I'm going to do that, do you?
You didn't know Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom should've stayed in Boston a few more days.
You don't really want to do that now, do you?
You did that without Tom's help, didn't you?
Tom should've done that when he had the chance.
You don't really think I can do that, do you?
You could make Tom do that if you wanted to.
Tom should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
You don't really have to do that now, do you?
You believe that Tom can do that, don't you?
Tom should've been amused by what was going on.
You don't need to do that right away, do you?
You asked me to do that for Tom, didn't you?
Tom should've been able to do that much better.
You don't know why I need to do that, do you?
You asked if Tom had to do that, didn't you?
Tom should be glad that that's going to happen.
You don't know why I have to do that, do you?
Why did you think Tom would like to do that?
Tom should be able to do that without any help.
You don't have to do that unless you want to.
Who told you Tom couldn't understand French?
Tom should be able to do that for you, I think.
You don't have to be tall to play basketball.
When did you find out Tom had been arrested?
Tom seems to have started enjoying his classes.
You don't have time to do that today, do you?
What do you think of the stew that Tom made?
Tom seems to have a hard time making ends meet.
You don't feel like doing that today, do you?
What did you tell Tom he was supposed to do?
Tom seems to be the one most likely to do that.
You don't ever want to do that again, do you?
What did you tell Tom he was expected to do?
Tom seemed to be aware of what he needed to do.
You do that at least once a month, don't you?
What Tom said happened didn't really happen.
Tom seemed convinced that he needed to do that.
You didn't think you should do that, did you?
We may go to Boston next month to visit Tom.
Tom says that someday he'll be able to do that.
You didn't think you had to do that, did you?
Was it you who told Tom he ought to do that?
Tom says that he's willing to do that for free.
You didn't realize I had to do that, did you?
Was it you who told Tom he needs to do that?
Tom says it's time we did something about that.
You didn't know anything about this, did you?
Was it you who told Tom about what happened?
Tom says he's always been interested in sports.
You didn't know I shouldn't do that, did you?
There's little chance that Tom will do that.
Tom says he thinks it might be easy to do that.
You didn't know I needed to do that, did you?
There's apparently no cure for what Tom has.
Tom says he isn't planning to do that tomorrow.
You didn't have any help doing that, did you?
There wasn't enough evidence to convict Tom.
Tom says he has something to do this afternoon.
You didn't have a chance to do that, did you?
The only one here who's able do that is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't think that'll happen today.
You didn't actually need to do that, did you?
The only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that today.
You didn't actually have to do that, did you?
The cut on Tom's leg appears to have healed.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to do that.
You did apologize for doing that, didn't you?
Someone tried to steal Tom's car last night.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that right away.
You could stay with us in Boston if you want.
So far, Tom is the only one who's done that.
Tom says he doesn't know what made him do that.
You could do that right now if you wanted to.
Please tell me whether Tom does that or not.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that right away.
You could be doing that now if you wanted to.
Please tell Tom to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that by himself.
You can still do that pretty well, can't you?
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that today.
You can do that better than anyone else here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that today.
You always do that in the evening, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
Tom says he doesn't ever want to do that again.
Would you still be willing to do that for us?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
It's clear that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother him at all.
Who told you that you didn't need to do that?
It's clear that Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom said you just have to wait a little longer.
Who told you that you didn't have to do that?
It's clear that Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom said we weren't allowed to do that anymore.
Who do you like to spend your free time with?
It sounds like Tom might be able to do that.
Tom said we needed to be a little more careful.
Who cooks better, your mother or your father?
It looks like Tom is about the start crying.
Tom said there might be one piece of cake left.
When you need help, who do you usually go to?
Isn't there a chance that Tom is doing that?
Tom said that's not likely to happen this week.
When you have some free time, please do that.
I've never actually gone on a date with Tom.
Tom said that won't likely happen anytime soon.
When the weather's nice, I do that every day.
I'm the only one who really understands Tom.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen anymore.
What you're planning to do is very dangerous.
I'm the only one who ever really helped Tom.
Tom said that he'd be glad to buy that for you.
What were you doing at 2:in the afternoon?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to the manager.
What do you think the best way to do that is?
I'm sure Tom won't be up this late at night.
Tom said that he really did do that by himself.
What do you think is the best way to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he needed to talk to the manager.
What color do you plan to paint your kitchen?
I'm sure Tom will be ready to leave by 2:30.
Tom said it's not the first time that happened.
We've all taught French here for a few years.
I'm sure Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom said it wouldn't take much time to do that.
We've all lived in Boston since we were born.
I'm pretty sure Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom said his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
We're fortunate that we're permitted do that.
I'm going to ask Tom to never do that again.
Tom said he's only done that about three times.
We're fortunate that we were able to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom hasn't done that yet.
Tom said he's looking forward to being retired.
We might be in Boston the day after tomorrow.
I'll have to stay here and help Tom do that.
Tom said he's glad that that's going to happen.
We hope that you'll be in Boston next spring.
I wonder why Tom thought you had to do that.
Tom said he's always been interested in sports.
We have until October to finish this project.
I wonder why Tom refused to help us do that.
Tom said he'll do that for us if we ask him to.
We don't go to Boston as often as we used to.
I wonder where Tom found these blackberries.
Tom said he wished he hadn't bet on that horse.
Three pieces of cheese remained on the plate.
I wonder if Tom will be in Boston next year.
Tom said he was present at yesterday's meeting.
This morning's meeting was longer than usual.
I wonder if Tom is strong enough to do that.
Tom said he was going to lie down for a moment.
They say that no two snowflakes are the same.
I won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
Tom said he wanted to do everything by himself.
There's no way I could've refused to do that.
I wish I hadn't borrowed this book from Tom.
Tom said he thought that would happen tomorrow.
There's just no way that I can do that today.
I wish I could play the tuba as well as Tom.
Tom said he thought I should get more exercise.
There's a fireplace, but there's no firewood.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was sleepy.
There are still a lot of things I want to do.
I was told that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was lonely.
There are still a lot of things I need to do.
I want to know when Tom is going to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that last summer.
There are still a lot of things I have to do.
I want to be gone by the time Tom gets here.
Tom said he had something to do this afternoon.
There are at least three Toms at this school.
I told Tom that I'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he expects to be doing that on Monday.
The weather was good, so we ate on the porch.
I told Tom that I thought you could do that.
Tom said he expected the job to be challenging.
The road up ahead is blocked by fallen rocks.
I told Tom I wanted to go mountain climbing.
Tom said he doesn't want to ever do that again.
The police said there were no major injuries.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting my time.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that on his own.
The old man sitting on the wall looked bored.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't feel like doing that today.
The man begging for money looked very hungry.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't ever want to do that again.
That's the woman I saw yesterday in the park.
I thought you said you'd ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to play tennis with me.
Someone else must've seen what happened, too.
I thought Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Please give me three tickets for the concert.
I thought Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to eat leftovers again.
I thought Tom would be drunk, but he wasn't.
Tom said he didn't want me to worry about that.
My son-in-law works for an insurance company.
I thought Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he didn't want me to help him do that.
My children asked me to buy them a telescope.
I thought Tom was supposed to be doing that.
Tom said he didn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
Mr. Jackson's first name was never mentioned.
I thought Tom was smarter than anybody else.
Tom said he didn't really feel like doing that.
Maybe you're the only person who can do that.
I thought Tom was going to have a good time.
Tom said he didn't have the courage to do that.
Many people have been complaining about that.
I thought Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't have anything to write with.
Let's sit on one of the benches under a tree.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Let's eat something before we start drinking.
I thought Tom knew how to play the mandolin.
Tom said I didn't sound as if I was in trouble.
It's important that you learn how to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't wait that long for you.
Tom retired in and died three years later.
It's been decided that I'll do that tomorrow.
I think Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom refused to do what I told him he had to do.
It's an excellent idea, as far as I can tell.
I think Tom would be safe if he stayed here.
Tom really wanted to do that yesterday evening.
It would be wonderful if you did that for me.
I think Tom would be happier if he did that.
Tom ran down the street without any clothes on.
It would be nice if you could do that for me.
I think Tom won't visit Boston anytime soon.
Tom put her bag down and went into the kitchen.
It would be good if you could do that for me.
I think Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't be late again.
It would be fantastic if you did that for me.
I think Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom probably won't have the courage to do that.
It would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
Tom probably won't have a hard time doing that.
It would be a good idea to do that this week.
I think Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom probably won't do that again until October.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that..
I think Tom will be able to help us do that.
Tom probably won't be hungry when he gets here.
It sounds like I won't need to do that again.
I think Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom probably won't be doing that today, either.
It seems like a stupid idea to me to do that.
I think Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
Tom probably doesn't know what he needs to buy.
It probably won't be so expensive to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who can do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I won't do that.
It looks as if someone has already done that.
I think Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
Tom probably doesn't know much about Australia.
It impresses me that you know how to do that.
I think Tom is doing that, but I'm not sure.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
It doesn't seem that I'll be able to do that.
I think Tom did that by himself last Monday.
Tom probably didn't want to do that by himself.
It doesn't matter whether you do that or not.
I think Tom could do a lot of things for us.
Tom overslept and was late for his first class.
If you don't know how to ski, I'll teach you.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom opened a cardboard box with his name on it.
I've loved you since the moment we first met.
I should've told Tom what needed to be done.
Tom only eats out when his wife is out of town.
I've been waiting in line for thirty minutes.
I should've told Tom that he had to do that.
Tom never expected to be able to do that again.
I'm very tired and I want to go to bed early.
I should've let Tom do what he wanted to do.
Tom needs to stay in Boston for a couple weeks.
I'm the only person who knows how to do that.
I should've known that I couldn't trust Tom.
Tom may need to stay in Boston a little longer.
I'm sure I won't be allowed to do that again.
I should've done that the way Tom suggested.
Tom lives in a small house with his three dogs.
I'm still not very good at playing the flute.
I should tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom lives downtown not far from where he works.
I'm probably the only person who can do that.
I should tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
Tom lived in a small town for most of his life.
I'm only going to have one chance to do that.
I should be able to do that better than Tom.
Tom likes to read when he's waiting for people.
I'm not going to teach French here next year.
I really should've told Tom to visit Boston.
Tom knows he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I'm not going to eat the rest of my sandwich.
I really don't want to tell Tom where I was.
Tom knows he'll never be able to do that again.
I'm going to have to do that sooner or later.
I pretended that I didn't know Tom was rich.
Tom isn't willing to do that without some help.
I'm embarrassed because I can't do that well.
I never thought I'd see Tom in Boston again.
Tom isn't the kind of person who would do that.
I'll help you as soon as I finish doing this.
I need to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'll do that whether I get permission or not.
I know Tom could do that if he tried harder.
Tom isn't likely to be through doing that.
I'd rather do that now while it's still cool.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom isn't likely to be tempted to do that.
I'd rather be doing something else right now.
I know I won't be able to change Tom's mind.
Tom isn't likely to be fascinated by that.
I'd be grateful for any help you could offer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy to leave here.
I wouldn't do that even if I were very bored.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely agree to do that.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't need to.
I knew Tom would likely not want to do that.
Tom isn't adventurous enough to try doing that.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't have to.
I hope Tom knows he doesn't need to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we need to do.
I wonder if it would be dangerous to do that.
I hope Tom knows he doesn't have to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we have to do.
I wish I'd been courageous enough to do that.
I hope Tom is gone by the time we get there.
Tom is trying hard to do what needs to be done.
I wish I was better at playing the saxophone.
I haven't heard from Tom since last October.
Tom is the only person here I can really trust.
I watched a basketball game on TV last night.
I have a feeling that Tom needed to do that.
Tom is the only one who didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that I was being photographed.
I guess I should've expected Tom to do that.
Tom is the only one who didn't have to do that.
I was wondering if you'd like to do that now.
I forgot to tell Tom that I needed his help.
Tom is the only one who didn't do his homework.
I wanted to thank you for helping me do that.
I doubt if Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom is the one who knows what needs to be done.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't allowed to.
I doubt if Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom is supposed to do that before he goes home.
I want to stay in Boston for at least a week.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate to do that.
Tom is sitting at one of the tables back there.
I want to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I don't want Tom to kiss me in public again.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a motorcycle.
I want to rent a house close to where I work.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston without me.
Tom is probably not going to do that very well.
I want to know why you haven't done that yet.
I don't understand why Tom ought to do that.
Tom is probably not going to do that this week.
I want to know if you've ever been to Boston.
I don't understand why Tom needs to do that.
Tom is probably not as rich as he claims to be.
I want to know how I can lose weight quickly.
I don't think they'll permit Tom to do that.
Tom is one of the three guys who could do that.
I thought you were the one chosen to do that.
I don't think that Tom made a wise decision.
Tom is one of the nicest kids I've ever taught.
I thought you were supposed to do that today.
I don't think Tom would still be downstairs.
Tom is now richer than he ever thought he'd be.
I thought you were still planning to do that.
I don't think Tom would have fun doing that.
Tom is likely to still be reluctant to do that.
I thought you said you're willing to do that.
I don't think Tom would ever really do that.
Tom is likely to still be motivated to do that.
I thought you said you'd never do that again.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that.
Tom is likely to still be desperate to do that.
I thought you said you were ready to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom is likely to be present at today's meeting.
I thought you said you were going to do that.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom is going to Boston to live with his father.
I thought I'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom needed to do that outside.
Tom is getting to be pretty good at doing that.
I thought I was going to get a higher salary.
I don't think Tom could handle the pressure.
Tom is different from the rest of the children.
I thought I might be coming down with a cold.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy any car.
Tom is a lot more interesting than his brother.
I think this is the perfect place to do that.
I don't speak French and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is a lot less interesting than his brother.
I think it'll be impossible to do that today.
I don't really want to tell Tom where I was.
Tom is a little bit tired, so he won't do that.
I think it would be disrespectful to do that.
I don't really expect Tom to be at my party.
Tom hopes to be back in Boston by late October.
I think it might not be dangerous to do that.
I don't need to stay home to help Tom today.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to work this weekend.
I think I'll stay in Boston for another week.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at school today.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he needs to do that.
I think I could come to Boston for Christmas.
I don't know why Tom is supposed to do that.
Tom hasn't played volleyball since high school.
I still haven't done what you asked me to do.
I don't know why Tom dropped out of college.
Tom has worked for our company for three years.
I still haven't done what I'm supposed to do.
I don't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has wanted to learn French for a long time.
I still come to Boston at least once a month.
I don't know why Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I shouldn't have been doing what I was doing.
I don't know why Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom has to do that before he can go home today.
I should've stayed in Boston a little longer.
I don't know whether Tom is swimming or not.
Tom has to be present at the meeting on Monday.
I should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't know whether Tom can do that or not.
Tom has never had the chance to try doing that.
I should've been able to do that much better.
I don't know where Tom went to kindergarten.
Tom has never had a real job in his whole life.
I should be able to do that without any help.
I don't know where Tom learned how to drive.
Tom has never asked me to help him do anything.
I pretended I didn't know what was happening.
I don't know when Tom will leave for Boston.
Tom has done that more than he'd like to admit.
I never expected to be able to do that again.
I don't know if Tom likes spicy food or not.
Tom has done almost nothing we asked him to do.
I might live in Boston for another few years.
I don't know exactly when Tom will get home.
Tom has definitely gotten better at doing that.
I majored in chemistry when I was in college.
I don't have to stay home to help Tom today.
Tom has decided I'm the one who should do that.
I looked around, but I couldn't see anything.
I don't have as much experience as Tom does.
Tom has been sentenced to three months in jail.
I know there must be some way we can do that.
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that.
Tom has been living by himself for three years.
I know how to catch birds with my bare hands.
I don't believe Tom really needs to do that.
Tom has been collecting information about fish.
I know I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't wear the shirt Tom told me to wear.
Tom has be played the trombone for a few years.
I knew I didn't have anything to worry about.
I didn't want to do that without Tom's help.
Tom has already spent all the money I gave him.
I hung on to the rope for as long as I could.
I didn't want Tom to know what had happened.
Tom has a better chance of winning than you do.
I hope you don't get punished for doing that.
I didn't want Tom to go, but he went anyway.
Tom had a very tough time making friends there.
I hope you don't get arrested for doing that.
I didn't understand what Tom said in French.
Tom got home yesterday afternoon at about 2:30.
I hope I get a lot of presents for Christmas.
I didn't think you'd be afraid of Tom's dog.
Tom gets his hair cut about three times a year.
I hope I can visit Boston in the near future.
I didn't think Tom would do that by himself.
Tom explained why it was a bad idea to do that.
I had the opportunity to do that last summer.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that here.
Tom doesn't want to spend much time doing that.
I guess I'd rather go to Boston than Chicago.
I didn't think Tom was being careful enough.
Tom doesn't want to be the last one to do that.
I don't yet have enough money to buy a house.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be here and I don't either.
I don't want anyone looking through my stuff.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom doesn't want me to show you how to do that.
I don't think you'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I was going to Boston.
Tom doesn't think you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think you should do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom who my French teacher was.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think that doing that is a good idea.
I didn't tell Tom what I was supposed to do.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think I'll have to do that by myself.
I didn't tell Tom I had been married before.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow him to do that.
I don't swim, but I enjoy going to the beach.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
I don't really know how to do that very well.
I didn't really want to help Tom, but I did.
Tom doesn't think I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't plan to do that until you tell me to.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be having such a good time.
I don't need to worry about things like that.
I didn't pay any attention to Tom's warning.
Tom doesn't need me to do that for him anymore.
I don't make as much money as you think I do.
I didn't know you used to be married to Tom.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him.
I don't know why I'm not supposed to do that.
I didn't know whether to believe Tom or not.
Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
I don't know who can sing well and who can't.
I didn't know whether Tom was sleepy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that or not.
I don't know whether I should do that or not.
I didn't know whether Tom was hungry or not.
Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
I don't know if that's true, but it might be.
I didn't know whether Tom could swim or not.
Tom doesn't have the time to do that right now.
I don't know how to use this washing machine.
I didn't know when Tom was going to do that.
Tom doesn't have me to do that for him anymore.
I don't know how to do what needs to be done.
I didn't know the reason why Tom was crying.
Tom doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
I don't know anything about raising children.
I didn't know that Tom was going to kiss me.
Tom died in a traffic accident three weeks ago.
I don't have very much experience doing that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be here.
Tom didn't think the burning car would explode.
I don't have to worry about things like that.
I didn't know that Tom was a French teacher.
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted me to do that.
I don't have those kinds of problems anymore.
I didn't know that Tom used to teach French.
Tom didn't tell me he wanted to be a scientist.
I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I didn't know Tom was still studying French.
Tom didn't seem to know why that was happening.
I don't have as many close friends as you do.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that was happening.
I don't have a ticket for tomorrow's concert.
I didn't find the money that Tom had hidden.
Tom didn't lose as much weight as he wanted to.
I don't have a credit card or a bank account.
I didn't do that because Tom told me not to.
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that.
I don't get the chance to do that very often.
I didn't buy Tom's explanation for a second.
Tom didn't know that he didn't need to do that.
I didn't want to stop doing what I was doing.
How often does Tom go to Boston on business?
Tom didn't know that he didn't have to do that.
I didn't want to be the first one to do that.
How often do you help Tom with his homework?
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to do that.
I didn't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
How many times will Tom to do that tomorrow?
Tom didn't know how much money had been stolen.
I didn't want the same thing to happen to me.
How many seconds did it take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do by myself.
I didn't want the same thing to happen again.
Tom didn't get home until very late last night.
I didn't want my parents to know I was drunk.
How many months will it take Tom to do that?
Tom did that here yesterday for the first time.
I didn't think I would be nervous doing that.
How many minutes did it take Tom to do that?
Tom could've refused to do that, but he didn't.
I didn't tell my wife that I'd been laid off.
Tom could be busy now, but I don't think he is.
I didn't study, but I passed the test anyway.
How did you know what else Tom needed to do?
Tom continued to do that until the day he died.
I didn't see any familiar faces at the party.
How did you know Tom would agree to do that?
Tom climbed up the tree as quickly as he could.
I didn't really think I'd be able to do that.
How did you know Tom was going be in Boston?
Tom came over for just as I was about to leave.
I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.
Has Tom decided what he's going to major in?
Tom began taking piano lessons three years ago.
I didn't need to hurry. I had plenty of time.
Do you think that Tom will do that tomorrow?
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to his house.
I didn't need to finish doing that yesterday.
Do you think Tom would permit us to do that?
Tom asked if he was really required to do that.
I didn't like beer the first time I tried it.
Do you think Tom would permit me to do that?
Tom asked if he really needed to wear a helmet.
I didn't know you were still studying French.
Do you think Tom would be unable to do that?
Tom apparently has to speak French for his job.
I didn't know you used to have a crush on me.
Do you think Tom would be afraid to do that?
Tom and three other prisoners got into a fight.
I didn't know you didn't know how to do that.
Do you think Tom might be a little confused?
Tom and I were sitting together at the concert.
I didn't know whether I could do that or not.
Do you know whether or not Tom will do that?
Tom and I were just talking about that earlier.
I didn't know when I was supposed to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom saw you doing that?
Tom and I were at home together that afternoon.
I didn't know what to do when I broke my leg.
Didn't you know that Tom also speaks French?
Tom and I went sailing together three days ago.
I didn't know what time I needed to be there.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom and I went for a drive yesterday afternoon.
I didn't know that you'd already bought eggs.
Didn't you know Tom was supposed to do that?
Tom and I sometimes speak French to each other.
Didn't you know Tom was planning to do that?
Tom and I seldom speak to each other in French.
I didn't know that you were a French teacher.
Didn't you know Tom was allergic to walnuts?
Tom and I looked at each other for a long time.
I didn't know that you couldn't speak French.
Didn't you know Tom has more than one house?
Tom and I have never given each other presents.
I didn't know that what I'd done was illegal.
Didn't you know Tom had relatives in Boston?
Tom and I hardly ever give each other presents.
I didn't know that I needed to do that today.
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like doing that?
Tom and I go to work every day on the same bus.
I didn't know that I had done anything wrong.
Didn't you know Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
Tom and I entered the library at the same time.
I didn't know how much the ticket would cost.
Didn't you know Tom could hear what we said?
Tom and I don't see much of each other anymore.
I didn't know how much money had been stolen.
Did you know that Tom was going to be there?
Tom and I don't like the same kind of TV shows.
I didn't have time to spend with my children.
Did you know that Tom had this many friends?
Tom and I didn't recognize each other at first.
I didn't have time to do what had to be done.
Did you know Tom is good at speaking French?
Tom and I couldn't agree on where we should go.
I didn't have time to do what I wanted to do.
Did you know Tom is actually a conservative?
Tom and I aren't talking to each other anymore.
I didn't have time to do what I needed to do.
Can you remember the first time you met Tom?
Tom and I are thinking about getting a divorce.
I didn't have enough money to go home by bus.
Both of Tom's brothers died in the accident.
Tom and I are going to tie the knot in October.
I didn't have any money, so I didn't do that.
All three of Tom's brothers want to do that.
Tom and I are going out for a drink after work.
I didn't get home until very late last night.
You're a little older than Tom, aren't you?
Tom and I always speak to each other in French.
I didn't bring that matter up at the meeting.
You're a close friend of Tom's, aren't you?
Tom already owns more cars than he'll ever use.
I can't go to Boston until after next Monday.
You'll teach Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom admitted he was the one who broke the eggs.
I bought a handmade rug a couple of days ago.
You wouldn't ask Tom to do that, would you?
Tom admitted he didn't want to do that anymore.
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.
You want Tom to do that for you, don't you?
Tom admitted he didn't do what he said he'd do.
How many times do you think you've done that?
You waited until Tom got there, didn't you?
Tom admitted he did what he promised not to do.
How many times did you go skiing last winter?
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?
Tom accidentally cut his finger with his knife.
How many times did you go hiking last summer?
You told Tom he should do that, didn't you?
Tom's guitar playing didn't impress me at all.
How many textbooks did you buy last semester?
You think that Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom's doctor advised him to get more exercise.
How many minutes will it take you to do that?
You think Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
Tom would've done that already if he knew how.
How many days will it really take to do that?
You still hope Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom would've done that already if he could've.
How many days does it really take to do that?
You shouldn't have told Tom where you live.
Tom would stop doing that if you asked him to.
How long have you been trying to lose weight?
You should've told Tom to buy that for you.
Tom would probably be able to do that for you.
Have you ever been criticized for doing that?
You should've asked Tom to do that for you.
Tom would like you to show him how to do that.
Don't you think it would be wrong to do that?
You should tell Tom why you had to do that.
Tom would like to know why you didn't do that.
Don't you think it would be smart to do that?
You should tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom would have to be pretty stupid to do that.
Don't you think it would be risky to do that?
You seem convinced that Tom has to do that.
Tom won't likely have to do that anytime soon.
Doing that would be the sensible thing to do.
You need to keep Tom from doing that again.
Tom won't likely be very concerned about that.
Doing that would be the rational thing to do.
You know why Tom has to do that, don't you?
Tom won't likely be amused by what's going on.
Do you think doing that would be a good idea?
You know why Tom didn't do that, don't you?
Tom won't be finished doing that until Monday.
Do you still do that as often as you used to?
You knew Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be as busy tomorrow as he was today.
Do you really think it's possible to do that?
You knew Tom shouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be able to move the desk by himself.
Do you really think it would safe to do that?
You knew Tom needed to do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be able to do that without our help.
Do you really think doing that would be wise?
You hope that Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom won't be able to do that until next month.
Do you really think doing that would be safe?
You haven't asked Tom to do that, have you?
Tom will very likely get fired for doing that.
Do you really think doing that would be easy?
You have to keep Tom from doing that again.
Tom will probably have a hard time doing that.
Do you know what Mr. Jackson's first name is?
You forgave Tom for doing that, didn't you?
Tom will probably have a good time doing that.
Do you always lock your house when you leave?
You don't think Tom should do that, do you?
Tom will probably get injured if he does that.
Didn't you know you were supposed to do that?
You don't think Tom did that right, do you?
Tom will probably be the last one to get here.
Didn't you know you could get there by train?
You don't know why Tom wants me to do that.
Tom will probably be the first one to do that.
Didn't you know this building had a basement?
You don't know why Tom did do that, do you?
Tom will probably be interested in doing that.
Didn't I tell you that you needed to do that?
You don't believe Tom will do that, do you?
Tom will probably be hungry when he gets home.
Did you know there'll be no classes tomorrow?
You didn't know Tom would do that, did you?
Tom will probably be hungry when he gets here.
Did you know that peanuts aren't really nuts?
You didn't know Tom had done that, did you?
Tom will probably be homeless by next October.
Did you know that I'd never done that before?
You didn't ask Tom not to do that, did you?
Tom will probably be forgiven for what he did.
Did you know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
You asked Tom how he'd do that, didn't you?
Tom will probably be excited about doing that.
Could you take care of my dog while I'm away?
You agreed to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be present at today's meeting.
Can you tell me exactly what you tried to do?
Will Tom study French with us this evening?
Tom will likely be out of the office all week.
Can you remember the first time you did that?
Why do you think Tom won't have to do that?
Tom will be thirsty when he finishes the race.
Aren't you the one who's supposed to do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that?
Tom will be the only one permitted to do that.
Are your parents still married to each other?
Who told you Tom would know how to do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Are you sure that you won't do that tomorrow?
Who told you Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Are you going to come to Boston next weekend?
When was the last time you saw Tom do that?
Tom wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
All three of my sisters died in the accident.
When did you find out Tom had been injured?
Tom was the one who talked me into doing that.
About how many years will it take to do that?
Were you impressed by the way Tom did that?
Tom was the one responsible for what happened.
About how many years does it take to do that?
We've been looking for Tom for a long time.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us.
About how many weeks will it take to do that?
We should try to get Tom to come to Boston.
Tom was only able to do that for a short time.
About how many weeks does it take to do that?
We never would've permitted Tom to do that.
Tom was never told what had actually happened.
About how many hours will it take to do that?
We didn't know whether Tom was busy or not.
Tom was living in Boston when I first met him.
About how many hours does it take to do that?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that before 2:30?
Tom wants to do that, but he doesn't know how.
About how many books did you read last month?
There's no way Tom would forget to do that.
Tom wanted to do that, but he didn't know how.
A lot of people criticized me for doing that.
That was the first time Tom ever kissed me.
Tom used to have a summer home near the beach.
"Have you ever done that?" "Yes, many times."
That was the first time I'd seen Tom dance.
Tom told us that we needed to be more careful.
You've worked in Boston before, haven't you?
Tell Tom he needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tom told the police that he heard three shots.
You've never done that kind of thing before.
Please tell Tom that I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me why it was a good idea to do that.
You're the only one who volunteered to help.
Please tell Tom he needs to get here early.
Tom told me that he's the next one to do that.
You're one of the friendliest people I know.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he was proud of his children.
You're not doing that the way I told you to.
Please tell Tom he doesn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought you could do that.
You'll never be given the chance to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what that is.
You'll never be able to do that by yourself.
My guess is that Tom won't need to do that.
Tom told me that Boston was his favorite city.
You'll have plenty of time to do that later.
My guess is that Tom won't have to do that.
Tom told me his parents were getting divorced.
You'll find that doing that is a lot of fun.
Maybe Tom won't come to Boston this summer.
Tom told me he wanted to learn how to do that.
You'll eventually figure out how to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom not to do that.
Tom told me I wasn't doing that the right way.
You'll be the only one permitted to do that.
It's necessary for Tom to go there himself.
Tom thought he would be able to do that today.
You'd get angry if I did that, wouldn't you?
It's likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom thought I was going to be able to do that.
You weren't able to do that today, were you?
It's already 2:and Tom still isn't here.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a mistake.
You were the only who did that, weren't you?
It'll probably be tough for Tom to do that.
Tom survived the accident with minor injuries.
You were able to do that today, weren't you?
It'll probably be risky for Tom to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he won't do that.
You want to learn how to do that, don't you?
It wouldn't be very nice to do that to Tom.
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to buy.
You used to do that quite often, didn't you?
It would be foolish for Tom not to do that.
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to buy.
You used to be a country singer, didn't you?
It would be fantastic if Tom could do that.
Tom still does that even though he's very old.
You thought I'd stop doing that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom spent the whole afternoon feeding pigeons.
You thought I'd quit doing that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom spent most of his free time reading books.
You thought I shouldn't do that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom spent his summer vacation studying French.
You thought I needed to do that, didn't you?
It seems to me that Tom is doing very well.
Tom showed the old man the way to the station.
You think I do that all the time, don't you?
It seems like Tom is having fun doing that.
Tom should've taken the examination yesterday.
You swore you'd be in Boston on my birthday.
It looks like Tom might be able to do that.
Tom should've been studying French last night.
You still don't know how to do that, do you?
It looks like Tom isn't having a good time.
Tom should've been able to do that on his own.
You shouldn't speak French in the classroom.
It looks like Tom is having fun doing that.
Tom should've been able to do that by himself.
You should've been the first one to do that.
It looks as if Tom is doing that right now.
Tom should be able to show you how to do that.
You should make sure that you do that today.
It doesn't seem like Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom should be able to do that without my help.
You should go ahead and do that by yourself.
It didn't seem like Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom seldom, if ever, complains about anything.
You should do that while you're still young.
Is there any chance that Tom won't do that?
Tom seems to have started to enjoy doing that.
You should do that now before it's too late.
I've promised to do that with Tom tomorrow.
Tom seems to have lost interest in doing that.
You really like to do that a lot, don't you?
I've been asked to help Tom write a speech.
Tom says there's nothing he can do about that.
You really like doing that a lot, don't you?
I'm worried that Tom won't like my parents.
Tom says he's too old to start doing that now.
You might not feel like doing that tomorrow.
I'm the only person who can help Tom today.
Tom says he won't do that unless you help him.
You look more like a teacher than a student.
I'm the only one who ever really liked Tom.
Tom says he wants to do everything by himself.
You look like you've put on a little weight.
I'm sure that's not the school Tom goes to.
Tom says he thinks he might be fired tomorrow.
You know why I needed to do that, don't you?
I'm sure that's not the medicine Tom needs.
Tom says he sells about thirty of these a day.
You know I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to live in Australia.
You know I have to do that today, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom says he doesn't think he ought to do that.
You knew I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't care if you did that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how old he is.
You hope to do that this weekend, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know where he should park.
You haven't finish doing that yet, have you?
I'm sure Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know if he has to do that.
You don't want to do that right now, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be ready to do that soon.
Tom says he doesn't feel motivated to do that.
You don't really want to go with us, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be in a hurry to do that.
Tom says he definitely wants to do that again.
You don't really care how I do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Tom says he can't really recall what happened.
You don't need to do that right now, do you?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be handcuffed.
Tom said you're a better guitarist than he is.
You don't need to do that every day, do you?
I'm quite sure Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom said there's nothing he can do about that.
You don't know why I had to do that, do you?
I'm probably the person Tom is waiting for.
Tom said there was blood on the kitchen floor.
You don't have to do that right now, do you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom will vouch for me.
Tom said the decision was made by a committee.
You don't have to do that every day, do you?
I'm glad that Tom didn't ask me to do that.
Tom said that the judge's decision was unfair.
You don't have enough time to do that today.
I'm glad Tom taught me some French phrases.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that for you.
You don't believe I really did that, do you?
I'd rather do that by myself than with Tom.
Tom said last night's concert was three hours.
You didn't want to do that with me, did you?
I wonder why Tom thought we had to do that.
Tom said last night's concert was pretty good.
You didn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought he had to do that.
Tom said his father told him never to do that.
You didn't really enjoy doing that, did you?
I wonder why Tom thinks we need to do that.
Tom said he's only been to Boston three times.
You didn't know you had to do that, did you?
I wonder why Tom thinks we have to do that.
Tom said he's been trying to do that all week.
You didn't get a chance to do that, did you?
I wonder why Tom still drives that old car.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at math.
You did that at the last minute, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom would permit me to do that.
Tom said he's always been interested in music.
You could easily have done that by yourself.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we did.
Tom said he'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
You can stay with us as long as you want to.
I went to the same kindergarten as Tom did.
Tom said he'd do that for us if we asked him to.
You can stay with us as long as you need to.
I wasn't the one who wanted Tom to do that.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that by himself.
You and I are the only ones who can do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom had to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Wouldn't you like to go to the zoo tomorrow?
I wasn't sure how to answer Tom's question.
Tom said he would've done that if he could've.
Would you mind if I didn't do that tomorrow?
I wasn't convinced that Tom had to do that.
Tom said he won't do that unless you help him.
Would you like to eat dinner on the veranda?
I was surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that again.
Why haven't you done what you said you'd do?
I was surprised that Tom needed to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to help us do that.
Why don't you do that before you go home?
I was lying to Tom when I said I'd do that.
Tom said he wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Why did you think I didn't enjoy doing that?
I was in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
Tom said he was looking forward to doing that.
Who told you I wouldn't know how to do that?
I was hoping Tom would be more cooperative.
Tom said he was going to permit us to do that.
When are you going to start studying French?
I wanted to do something to make Tom happy.
Tom said he wants to do everything by himself.
What were you afraid of when you were a kid?
I want to know when Tom is going to Boston.
Tom said he wanted to be the one who did that.
Weren't you supposed to do that last Monday?
I want to know what Tom is doing in Boston.
Tom said he thought you would want to do that.
Weren't you supposed to do that by yourself?
I try to always do the same thing Tom does.
Tom said he thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Weren't you supposed to do that before 2:30?
I tried to get Tom to learn how to do that.
Tom said he thought he didn't need to do that.
We've had no snow at all so far this winter.
I told Tom you'd probably enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought he didn't have to do that.
We've been living in Boston for a long time.
I told Tom that I thought he could do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was tired.
We're too smart to do something that stupid.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to drive.
Tom said he thinks his team will probably win.
We won't be staying in Boston for very long.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough money.
Tom said he should've stayed in Boston longer.
We should leave this area as soon as we can.
I told Tom I'd stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said he regretted his decision to do that.
We should get out of here as soon as we can.
I told Tom I don't have to do that anymore.
Tom said he paid thirty dollars for this book.
We probably won't be in Boston until Monday.
I thought you said you've seen Tom do that.
Tom said he needed to find another babysitter.
We might stay in Boston for a few more days.
I thought Tom would be up before breakfast.
Tom said he may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
We had to change the locks on all the doors.
I thought Tom would be in Boston on Monday.
Tom said he learned how to do that in October.
We could go see a movie or go out to dinner.
I thought Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that.
We both have to stay in Boston until Monday.
I thought Tom would be embarrassed by that.
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that.
Was it snowing this morning when you got up?
I thought Tom would be angrier than he was.
Tom said he hadn't thought about it like that.
Was it raining this morning when you got up?
I thought Tom was the first one to do that.
Tom said he had his reasons for leaving early.
This is a list of things I need to do today.
I thought Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think you need to do that.
This evening is the only time I can do that.
I thought Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Tom said he doesn't think you have to do that.
This book seems to be missing several pages.
I thought Tom was going to win the contest.
Tom said he doesn't think he needs to do that.
There's something else I wanted to tell you.
I thought Tom was going to enjoy the party.
Tom said he doesn't have the power to stop it.
There's nothing else I need to do right now.
I think you could talk Tom into doing that.
Tom said he doesn't have any plans to do that.
There's apparently no cure for that disease.
I think we shouldn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go camping with us.
There are many ways to remedy the situation.
I think Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to ask you to do that.
The road up ahead is blocked by a landslide.
I think Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that for him.
The reason I came here today was to do that.
I think Tom would like to be in Boston now.
Tom said he didn't think that really happened.
The questions on yesterday's exam were easy.
I think Tom would be happy if you did that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that by himself.
The car is all packed and we're ready to go.
I think Tom would be glad if that happened.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that today.
The boy sitting in the corner looked lonely.
I think Tom won't be here until much later.
Tom said he didn't have anything he had to do.
That's a problem we need to deal with today.
I think Tom won't be awake when I get home.
Tom said he didn't have any problem with that.
Please make sure that you do that every day.
I think Tom will stay in Boston all summer.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that today.
Please let me know before you do that again.
I think Tom will be doing that again today.
Tom said he didn't ever want to do that again.
Only one of my grandmothers is still living.
I think Tom might've been offended by that.
Tom said he assumed you would want to do that.
My sisters will be teachers like our mother.
I think Tom might go to Boston in the fall.
Tom said doing that was the right thing to do.
My parents would never permit me to do that.
I think Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom recommends that you don't do that anymore.
My computer is three years older than yours.
I think Tom is getting tired of doing that.
Tom really needs to do that as soon as he can.
Maybe I can go to Boston with you next week.
I think Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom really doesn't want to go to school today.
Mary picked a flower and put it in her hair.
I think Tom has to be shown how to do that.
Tom ran away from home at the age of thirteen.
Many people don't like going to the dentist.
I think Tom has never done that by himself.
Tom promised that he'd do that, but he didn't.
Many people I didn't know were at the party.
I think Tom did that, but I could be wrong.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't go out alone.
John Lennon's songs are still popular today.
I think Tom could've been offended by that.
Tom promised he'd do that before he went home.
It's been three years since I last did that.
I think Tom could teach you how to do that.
Tom probably won't ever need to do that again.
It's about time we did something about that.
I think I heard Tom say that he'll do that.
Tom probably won't ever have to do that again.
It'll take me a good three hours to do that.
I sure hope Tom comes to Boston in October.
Tom probably should do that as soon as he can.
It would be very insensitive to do that now.
I should've told Tom not to stay in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about this.
It would be possible to do that by yourself.
I should've told Tom not to come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about animals.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that.
I should've listened to Tom more carefully.
Tom probably didn't want to do that yesterday.
It won't be easy to find someone to do that.
I should've known better than to trust Tom.
Tom picked up a rock and threw it at the wolf.
It should be interesting for you to do that.
I should've given Tom more time to do that.
Tom owns an apartment building on Park Street.
It seems that something strange is going on.
I should tell Tom that he ought to do that.
Tom never did have a very good sense of humor.
It probably won't be interesting to do that.
I should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom needs to know the reasons why we did that.
If you have any questions, ask your teacher.
I should tell Tom that I intend to do that.
Tom might be glad that that's going to happen.
I've never tasted anything like this before.
I should tell Tom that I don't like my job.
Tom may also have been in Boston last weekend.
I've never had the chance to try doing that.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that.
Tom married a girl three years older than him.
I've been working in Boston for three years.
I should probably tell Tom I can't do that.
Tom managed to get out of the pool by himself.
I should ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry to get home.
I've asked the same question to many people.
I saw a woman I didn't know talking to Tom.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anything.
I've already done what I was supposed to do.
I really don't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom knew his plan needed some improvements.
I've already done everything I needed to do.
I really don't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom knew he was supposed to do that yesterday.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next spring.
I often help Tom carry water from the well.
Tom just wants to stay at home in his pajamas.
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
I never told Tom I wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom just told people what they needed to know.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to swim.
Tom just sat there as if nothing had happened.
I'm planning to stay in Boston until Monday.
I might be able to stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom isn't very likely be fired for doing that.
I'm not sure if I can do that, but I'll try.
I lied to Tom when said I wouldn't do that.
Tom isn't the only one who's going to do that.
I'm not going to stay in Boston much longer.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that right now.
I'm not going to do that if I don't have to.
I know Tom will probably regret doing that.
Tom isn't likely to figure out how to do that.
I'm not as good at French as you think I am.
I know Tom will have to do that on his own.
Tom isn't going to be very anxious to do that.
I'm glad I'm not the one who has to do that.
I know Tom will eventually want to do that.
Tom is waiting for me in front of the station.
I'll probably not be in Boston next weekend.
I know Tom hasn't forgotten how to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we should do.
I'll buy you one of those for your birthday.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that yesterday.
Tom is trying to figure out what he has to do.
I'd go to Boston with you if I had the time.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely have to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can do that.
I'd be very thankful if you did that for me.
I knew Tom would unlikely agree to do that.
Tom is the only person here who can do that.
I'd be very grateful if you did that for me.
I knew Tom would likely be able to do that.
Tom is the only person I can trust to do that.
I'd be grateful if you would do that for me.
I hope that Tom doesn't find out the truth.
Tom is the only one who knows how to fix that.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I hope Tom won't tell me I need to do that.
Tom is the only one who feels like doing that.
I wish you'd stay in Boston a few more days.
I hope Tom won't tell me I have to do that.
Tom is the only one here who has a girlfriend.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do my homework.
I hope Tom doesn't say he wants to do that.
Tom is the only one here permitted to do that.
I wasn't wearing socks, so my feet got cold.
I hope Tom doesn't say he needs to do that.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a motorboat.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom ought to do that.
Tom is one of the nicest kid I've ever taught.
I wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom needs to do that.
Tom is one of the best athletes in our school.
I wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
I have a feeling Tom won't want to do that.
Tom is looking forward to doing that with you.
I wasn't convinced that I needed to do that.
I have a feeling Tom will enjoy doing that.
Tom is likely to still be hesitant to do that.
I wasn't able to do that until I was thirty.
I hate Tom, but not as much as he hates me.
Tom is likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
I wasn't able to do that because I was sick.
I feel sure that Tom has already done that.
Tom is likely to be troubled by what happened.
I wasn't able to do anything I wanted to do.
I doubt that Tom will be home this evening.
Tom is likely to be through doing that by now.
I want to know when you're going to do that.
I doubt that I can prove that Tom did that.
Tom is likely to be amused by what's going on.
I want to know how you're going to get here.
I doubt if Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom is likely to be able to manage to do that.
I used to speak French better than I do now.
I don't want to tell you how Tom and I met.
Tom is gradually getting better at doing that.
I used to come to Boston about once a month.
I don't want to help Tom with his homework.
Tom is good at practically everything he does.
I understand that you've started doing that.
I don't want to do that without Tom's help.
Tom is fortunate that he's allowed to do that.
I thought you were interested in doing that.
I don't think they'll allow Tom to do that.
Tom is better this year than he was last year.
I thought you were going to win the contest.
I don't think it's safe for Tom to do that.
Tom initially said he wasn't going to do that.
I thought you said you'd stopped doing that.
I don't think Tom would do that by himself.
Tom hurt his elbow when he slipped on the ice.
I thought you said you regretted doing that.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that.
Tom hopes he'll get a chance to do that again.
I thought you didn't to know how to do that.
I don't think Tom would be able to do that.
Tom hasn't yet given me permission to do that.
I thought perhaps more people would do that.
I don't think Tom will be ready to do that.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston in a long time.
I thought I'd come up with the perfect plan.
I don't think Tom will be doing that today.
Tom has to make a speech at the party tonight.
I thought I'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be doing that again.
Tom has the same kind of computer as you have.
I thought I might not be allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will allow me to do that.
Tom has spent more than three years in prison.
I think you'll have a lot of fun doing that.
I don't think Tom wants to do that anymore.
Tom has finally done what he promised he'd do.
I think it's probably impossible to do that.
I don't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom has enough time to do that if he wants to.
I think it's little too late to do that now.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever he wants.
I think it wouldn't be dangerous to do that.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever he needs.
I think doing that would be too hard for me.
I don't think Tom ought to do that anymore.
Tom has done that more times than I can count.
I think I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
I don't really think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom has done a good job for us here in Boston.
I suggest not going to Boston in the winter.
I don't really think Tom needed to do that.
Tom has been told to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I still get to Boston at least once a month.
I don't need Tom to tell me how to do that.
Tom has been one of my best friends for years.
I spilled some juice while I was pouring it.
I don't need Tom to do that for me anymore.
Tom has been living in Boston for a few years.
I shouldn't have dropped out of high school.
I don't like Boston and Tom doesn't either.
Tom has been doing that for a year and a half.
I should've known that I couldn't trust you.
I don't know why Tom dropped out of school.
Tom has been doing that for a number of years.
I should've done that when I had the chance.
I don't know who Tom wants to do that with.
Tom has been building houses for thirty years.
I should've done that the way you suggested.
I don't know whether Tom was hungry or not.
Tom has also studied French for several years.
I should be able to get that done by Monday.
I don't know whether Tom likes dogs or not.
Tom has already told me what needs to be done.
I really want to go to the concert with you.
I don't know whether Tom is thirsty or not.
Tom has already told me what I needed to know.
I really want to be able to do that someday.
I don't know where Tom usually goes skiing.
Tom happened to be on the same train as I was.
I realized I didn't have to do that anymore.
I don't know where Tom bought his computer.
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I've lost it.
I promised my parents that I'd study French.
I don't know the reason why Tom was crying.
Tom fell asleep while he was watching a movie.
I probably won't ever have to do that again.
I don't know how much more money Tom wants.
Tom expects you to do that before you go home.
I pretended I didn't know what was going on.
I don't feel like talking to Tom right now.
Tom enjoys going to the beach with his family.
I plan to go to Boston the month after next.
I don't believe Tom can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that as much as you do.
I might not go to Boston with you on Monday.
I didn't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom doesn't think we're capable of doing that.
I might go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I didn't want to go to the circus with Tom.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow me to do that.
I may be able to come to Boston next Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would do that, too.
Tom doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
I know I won't be able to do that by myself.
I didn't think Tom would forget to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be allowed to do that.
I know I shouldn't have done that by myself.
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that.
Tom doesn't take anything for granted anymore.
I know I don't have anything to worry about.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy reading comic books.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom had ever been to Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here anymore.
I intend to move to Boston after I graduate.
I didn't tell Tom why he needed to do that.
Tom doesn't look like he's having a good time.
I hope that I don't have to do that anymore.
I didn't tell Tom why I enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't like watching late night TV shows.
I hope that I can visit Boston before I die.
I didn't tell Tom that I grew up in Boston.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll do that or not.
I have a feeling that I've done this before.
I didn't tell Tom how much money I'd spent.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
I hadn't intended to stay in Boston so long.
I didn't tell Tom anything about the party.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
I found that it's very difficult to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom doesn't come to Boston very often anymore.
I doubt if it would be dangerous to do that.
I didn't realize Tom had already done that.
Tom doesn't care whether you does that or not.
I don't want to study French, but I have to.
I didn't realize I had to help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
I don't want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't need to use the knife Tom lent me.
Tom died less than a week after his operation.
I don't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
I didn't let my children go to Tom's party.
Tom didn't think you would be able to do that.
I don't want the same thing to happen to me.
I didn't let Tom finish what he was saying.
Tom didn't tell me whether or not he did that.
I don't want the same thing to happen again.
I didn't know why Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom didn't start playing the banjo until 2013.
I don't usually stop if the light is yellow.
I didn't know whether Tom was tired or not.
Tom didn't seem to be having such a good time.
I don't understand what you expect me to do.
I didn't know whether Tom was happy or not.
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was wrong.
I don't think you should be doing that here.
I didn't know where Tom was planning to go.
Tom didn't know that I wasn't able to do that.
I don't think they'll permit you to do that.
I didn't know where Tom had parked the car.
Tom didn't know that I didn't want to do that.
I don't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't know when Tom was going to arrive.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think it's smart for you to do that.
I didn't know what to do when Tom did that.
Tom didn't have the time to do that yesterday.
I don't think it's silly for you to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was studying French.
Tom didn't have many opportunities to do that.
I don't think it would be unsafe to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was in love with me.
Tom didn't hang out with us yesterday evening.
I don't think it would be stupid to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was already married.
Tom didn't get here until 2:in the morning.
I don't think doing that would be dangerous.
I didn't know that Tom was able to do that.
Tom didn't expect to be able to do that again.
I don't think I've ever done that by myself.
I didn't know that Tom knew how to do that.
Tom didn't do a very good job washing the car.
I don't think I'll have a chance to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had so many friends.
Tom decided to walk instead of taking the bus.
I don't think I'll be able to do that again.
I didn't know that Tom had an older sister.
Tom decided he was the one who should do that.
I don't think I have the stamina to do that.
I didn't know how to answer Tom's question.
Tom could possibly be nervous, but I doubt it.
I don't think I have the ability to do that.
I didn't know how much money Tom had spent.
Tom can't do that alone. You need to help him.
I don't really want to go swimming with you.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom can't do that alone. You have to help him.
I don't really feel like doing that anymore.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Tom came over to my house yesterday afternoon.
I don't play the trombone as well as you do.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Tom began writing poetry when he was thirteen.
I don't play tennis as often as I'd like to.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't do that on time.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that again.
I don't often have a chance to speak French.
I didn't know Tom would eventually do that.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that again.
I don't need to wear a suit and tie to work.
I didn't know Tom would do that so quickly.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with him.
I don't like it when people keep me waiting.
I didn't know Tom was the one who did that.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that on Monday.
I don't like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
I didn't know Tom thought I should do that.
Tom and I've known each other for a long time.
I don't know why I was expelled from school.
I didn't know Tom spoke French so fluently.
Tom and I've decided to go to Boston together.
I don't know where the fire extinguisher is.
I didn't know Tom had to do that yesterday.
Tom and I'll be playing tennis this afternoon.
I don't know how long the meeting will last.
I didn't know Tom had spent time in prison.
Tom and I went to the same junior high school.
I don't know anything about classical music.
I didn't know Tom could do that by himself.
Tom and I went to the mall together on Monday.
I don't have to wear a suit and tie to work.
I didn't do everything Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I used to work in the same department.
I don't have to go there if I don't want to.
I didn't ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom and I used to sing country music together.
I don't feel like eating anything right now.
I did that as soon as Tom told me I had to.
Tom and I used to ride the same bus to school.
I don't do that the same way most people do.
I did basically the same thing as Tom did.
Tom and I used to be in the same French class.
I don't care what other people say about me.
I can't remember how to get to Tom's house.
Tom and I see each other at least once a week.
I don't brush my teeth as often as I should.
I can't remember exactly what Tom had said.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the train.
I don't always get my homework done on time.
I can't believe Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the plane.
I do want to do that at least one more time.
I assume Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the couch.
I didn't want to talk about my private life.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go or not.
Tom and I often speak to each other in French.
I didn't want to study French, but I had to.
How many weeks will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I often go mountain climbing together.
I didn't want to spend that much for a meal.
How many months did it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I live in the same apartment building.
I didn't want to go to Boston, but I had to.
Tom and I have decided never to do that again.
I didn't want to do that as much as you did.
How many hours will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I have a farm not too far from Boston.
I didn't want to be the last one to do that.
How long has Tom been working as carpenter?
Tom and I hardly ever see each other nowadays.
I didn't want the same thing to happen here.
How did you know which bus Tom would be on?
Tom and I got married when we were very young.
I didn't think you'd be in Boston this week.
How did you know that Tom was lying to you?
Tom and I eat lunch together almost every day.
I didn't think you'd be embarrassed by that.
Has Tom ever criticized you for doing that?
Tom and I don't talk to each other very often.
I didn't think the meeting would be so long.
Everything that's happening is Tom's fault.
Tom and I don't know what we ought to do next.
I didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Even though it's Monday today, Tom is here.
Tom and I don't do that as much as we used to.
I didn't stand a chance of getting that job.
Don't forget to put Tom's name on the list.
Tom and I do that together as often as we can.
I didn't lose as much weight as I wanted to.
Does Tom stay with you when he's in Boston?
Tom and I didn't know each other at that time.
I didn't learn anything new at school today.
Do you want me to get Tom to do that today?
Tom and I decided to drive to Boston together.
I didn't know what to do when that happened.
Do you think Tom would be quiet doing that?
Tom and I are thinking about getting divorced.
I didn't know that I didn't need to do that.
Do you think Tom would be happy doing that?
Tom and I are still not talking to each other.
I didn't know that I didn't have to do that.
Do you think Tom will permit us to do that?
Tom and I are no longer married to each other.
I didn't know how to answer those questions.
Do you know where Tom has been all morning?
Tom and I are going to get hitched in October.
I didn't know how many cups of sugar to add.
Do you know the song Tom wants you to sing?
Tom and I are going swimming tomorrow morning.
I didn't know I weren't supposed to do that.
Do you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Tom and I almost always agree with each other.
I didn't know I no longer needed to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom Jackson didn't run for reelection in 2013.
I didn't have the time to do that yesterday.
Didn't you know Tom used to work in Boston?
Tom's still just a kid, so let's forgive him.
I didn't have many opportunities to do that.
Didn't you know Tom used to live in Boston?
Tom's salary has more than doubled in a year.
I didn't have anything else I wanted to say.
Didn't you know Tom owns more than one car?
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that.
I didn't get here until 2:in the morning.
Didn't you know Tom is actually very smart?
Tom would've wanted to go to Boston with you.
I didn't expect to be able to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom had to get a visa, too?
Tom would've been happy if you had done that.
I didn't expect the meeting to last so long.
Didn't you know Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom worked in Boston until his death in 2013.
I didn't do that as quickly as I usually do.
Didn't you know Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom won't likely ever be that careless again.
I didn't do anything you wouldn't have done.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like to do that?
Tom won't likely be up at this time of night.
I didn't buy everything you asked me to buy.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like doing that?
Tom won't likely be the first one to do that.
I decided to walk instead of taking the bus.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom won't likely be interested in doing that.
I can continue to do that if you want me to.
Didn't you know Tom and John were brothers?
Tom won't find it so easy to do that anymore.
I ate about the same amount as I usually do.
Did you know that Tom was going to do that?
Tom won't be able to do that while he's sick.
I always thought I'd eventually get married.
Did you know that Tom was going to be here?
Tom will very likely be fined for doing that.
I advise you to do that as soon as possible.
Did you know that Tom spent time in prison?
Tom will stay in the hospital until tomorrow.
I actually spoke French to my teacher today.
Did you know Tom was still studying French?
Tom will shovel the snow off the roof for us.
How often do you forget to do your homework?
Did you know Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom will probably go swimming this afternoon.
How often do you change your guitar strings?
Did you know Tom spent over $3,on that?
Tom will probably be tired when he gets home.
How many years ago was it that you did that?
Did you know Tom before he joined the team?
Tom will probably be the next one to do that.
How many seconds did it take you to do that?
Can Tom stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom will probably be the last one to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to go swimming with us.
Tom will probably be irritated by that noise.
How many more years will we need to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has to do that?
Tom will probably be forgiven for doing that.
How many more years will we have to do that?
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
Tom will probably be excused from doing that.
How many months will it take you to do that?
All three of Tom's brothers live in Boston.
Tom will come back from Australia in October.
How many minutes will it take us to do that?
You've taken pictures of Tom, haven't you?
Tom went to a pet store to buy some dog food.
How many minutes did it take you to do that?
You've already paid Tom back, haven't you?
Tom went to a conference in Boston last week.
You're not going to let Tom swim, are you?
Tom went out for a walk in spite of the rain.
How many foreign students are in your class?
You'll try to help Tom do that, won't you?
Tom wasn't the only one permitted to do that.
How many cups of coffee do you drink a week?
You'll tell Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom was the first one to get up this morning.
How many bags of marshmallows did you bring?
You'll show Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom was taller than me when we were thirteen.
Have you ever been to a beach in the winter?
You warned Tom not to do that, didn't you?
Tom was only given thirty minutes to do that.
From now on, I'm going to do that every day.
You told Tom that I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom was my saxophone teacher for three years.
Don't you think it would be wise to do that?
You told Tom he could do that, didn't you?
Tom was in his office just a few minutes ago.
Don't you think it would be safe to do that?
You told Tom I didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom was able to do that without any problems.
Don't you think it would be easy to do that?
You thought Tom would do that, didn't you?
Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
Don't forget that you need to do that today.
You think I'll do that for Tom, don't you?
Tom usually does his homework in the kitchen.
Don't forget that you have to do that today.
You shouldn't have allowed Tom to do that.
Tom used to work as a freelance photographer.
Doing that was a very impulsive thing to do.
You shouldn't do that until Tom gets here.
Tom used to have a restaurant on Park Street.
Doing that likely won't be very interesting.
You should try to get Tom to do that, too.
Tom used to go to Boston three times a month.
Do your parents still permit you to do that?
You should do that the way Tom showed you.
Tom used the money I gave him to buy a bicycle.
Do you think you'll finish doing that today?
You like the way Tom does that, don't you?
Tom took out his wallet and paid the cashier.
Do you think you'd ever consider doing that?
You know why Tom is doing that, don't you?
Tom told us that doing that wasn't necessary.
Do you think it's safe to cross this bridge?
You hope that Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom told me why it was a bad idea to do that.
Do you still eat out as much as you used to?
You don't think Tom would do that, do you?
Tom told me that you're a compulsive gambler.
Do you still do that as much as you used to?
You don't know where Tom did that, do you?
Tom told me that he's immune to that disease.
Do you really think it's foolish to do that?
You didn't remind Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Do you plan to stay in Boston for very long?
You can likely talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom told me that he thought he could do that.
Do you know anyone who has gotten a divorce?
You asked Tom why he did that, didn't you?
Tom told me that I'm excused from doing that.
Do you intend to stay in Boston for a while?
You and Tom did that together, didn't you?
Tom told me not to waste my time watching TV.
Do you have many friends who don't eat meat?
Would Tom still be able to do that for us?
Tom told me it would be dangerous to do that.
Do you have any objections to my doing that?
Why don't you get Tom to help you do that?
Tom told me how proud he was of his children.
Do you come to Boston more than once a year?
Why don't you get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom told me he wasn't planning on doing that.
Didn't you know Mary and Alice were sisters?
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Tom told me he was just trying to be helpful.
Did you really not go to Boston last summer?
Who told you Tom would be able to do that?
Tom told me I didn't have to do that anymore.
Did you know that your brake lights are out?
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be fired?
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a good idea.
Did you finish reading that book last night?
Who told you Tom couldn't ride a unicycle?
Tom thinks some of his friends could do that.
Can you tell me exactly what you want to do?
What did you do that made Tom yell at you?
Tom still just wants to stay at home all day.
Can you tell me exactly what you need to do?
We don't have to tell Tom why we did that.
Tom still hasn't told me what he plans to do.
Can you tell me exactly what you have to do?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that by himself?
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to do.
Can you tell me exactly what has to be done?
Was it you who told Tom he should do that?
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to do.
As far as I know, I've never eaten dog meat.
Was it you who told Tom he has to do that?
Tom still doesn't know why he has to do that.
Are either of your grandfathers still alive?
Was it you who told Tom he had to do that?
Tom spent a lot of time studying last summer.
All three of us knew what needed to be done.
Was Tom really able to do that by himself?
Tom spent a lot of time doing that yesterday.
About how many days will it take to do that?
These books were recommended to me by Tom.
Tom spends a lot of his free time doing that.
About how many days does it take to do that?
There was nothing Tom could do about that.
Tom sometimes helps me with my math homework.
"Have you done that already?" "No, not yet."
The teacher caught Tom cheating on a test.
Tom shouldn't have done that in such a hurry.
"Have you already done that?" "No, not yet."
The cut on Tom's leg seems to have healed.
Tom shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
"Did you do that on Monday?" "No, I didn't."
Tell Tom he should do that this afternoon.
Tom should've waited until Monday to do that.
You've grown since the last time I saw you.
Since Tom is sick, he can't do that today.
Tom should probably not have done that again.
You've decided not to do that, haven't you?
Please tell Tom that I'll do that for him.
Tom should only miss a week or two of school.
You're too young to get a driver's license.
Please tell Tom not to do that by himself.
Tom should be present at next week's meeting.
You're the only one who doesn't seem happy.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that today.
Tom should be allowed to go home early today.
You're the only one who doesn't look tired.
Please remind me to remind Tom to do that.
Tom should be able to do that in three hours.
You're the only one who doesn't look happy.
Please find out when Tom wants to do that.
Tom should be able to do that better than me.
You're the one I want to go to Boston with.
Please find out when Tom plans to do that.
Tom seems to be aware of what he needs to do.
You're not the only one who should do that.
Please find out when Tom plans to be here.
Tom seems convinced that he needs to do that.
You're not the only one who didn't do that.
Please don't do that until Tom gets there.
Tom seemed to be aware of what was happening.
You're not the easiest person to live with.
Perhaps Tom doesn't write letters anymore.
Tom seemed to be amused by what was going on.
You're much taller than I thought you'd be.
My guess is that Tom will want to do that.
Tom says that more research needs to be done.
You're a very secretive person, aren't you?
My guess is that Tom will need to do that.
Tom says it's little too late to do that now.
You're a regular customer here, aren't you?
My guess is that Tom will have to do that.
Tom says he's already decided not to do that.
You're a professional musician, aren't you?
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Tom says he'll be present at today's meeting.
You're a native French speaker, aren't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Tom says he'd rather do that some other time.
You're a friend of my sister's, aren't you?
Let's go over to Tom's place and help him.
Tom says he won't be bullied into doing that.
You'll be here to do that later, won't you?
Let's go over to Tom's house and help him.
Tom says he thinks he can do that by himself.
You'd like to see me do that, wouldn't you?
It's been three months since Tom did that.
Tom says he saw people running and screaming.
You won't be permitted to do that anywhere.
It'll probably be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think you should do that.
You won't actually be doing that, will you?
It'll probably be easy for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll ever do that.
You weren't the one who did that, were you?
It would be impossible for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that now.
You were the one who did that, weren't you?
It would be disappointing if Tom did that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he ought to do.
You were motivated to do that, weren't you?
It was very insensitive of Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he needs to do.
You were in Boston last month, weren't you?
It sounds like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that now.
You were desperate to do that, weren't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't want to do that.
You want to know why I did that, don't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom says he didn't know he needed to do that.
You used to be a heroin addict, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom says everything's back to the way it was.
You used to be a forest ranger, didn't you?
It looks like Tom is doing that right now.
Tom said yesterday's meeting was interesting.
You think I'd regret doing that, don't you?
It looks like Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said we were supposed to do that as well.
You think I should've done that, don't you?
It looks like Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom said they wouldn't permit him to do that.
You studies hard for that test, didn't you?
Is there any chance that Tom will do that?
Tom said they would be postponing the picnic.
You shouldn't have been allowed to do that.
Is there any chance Tom is doing that now?
Tom said there wasn't enough time to do that.
You should've been the last one to do that.
Is Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Tom said there was still a lot of work to do.
You should've been forgiven for doing that.
I've spoken in French with Tom many times.
Tom said the passengers' injuries were minor.
You should've been excused from doing that.
I'm the only one who ever really knew Tom.
Tom said the fundraising event was a success.
You should've been able to do that as well.
I'm the one who showed Tom how to do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen anymore.
You should stay in Boston for another week.
I'm sure that Tom won't forget to do that.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen again.
You should do that before it gets too late.
I'm sure Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he'd do that as soon as he can.
You should consider not doing that anymore.
I'm sure Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't playing golf anymore.
You seemed to be in a big hurry to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be awake before you are.
Tom said that he wasn't able to walk anymore.
You seemed convinced that I had to do that.
I'm sure Tom has other things on his mind.
Tom said that he wanted to borrow some money.
You seem to know what you're talking about.
I'm not the one who wanted Tom to do that.
Tom said that he needed to borrow some money.
You seem to be reluctant to do that for us.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom said it wasn't the right time to do that.
You said you wanted me to buy that for you.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom said it was more harder than he expected.
You really didn't want to do that, did you?
I'd be disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
Tom said his house wasn't in a good location.
You promised us you wouldn't do that again.
I wouldn't help Tom do that if I were you.
Tom said he's really glad he moved to Boston.
You need to do that more quickly next time.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom to do that.
Tom said he's been trying to do that all day.
You need to do that before you can go home.
I wouldn't do that that way if I were Tom.
Tom said he'd rather do that some other time.
You need to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom thought I had to do that.
You look like you were half expecting this.
I wonder why Tom thinks I need to do that.
Tom said he'd be embarrassed to do that here.
You look exactly the same as you always do.
I wonder why Tom thinks I have to do that.
Tom said he'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
I wonder why Tom never learned to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able do anytime soon.
You know that I need to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom said he wished you would do that for him.
You know that I have to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom said he watched them tear down the house.
You know exactly how to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I have to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to take that risk.
You know better than to do that, don't you?
I wish Tom hadn't convinced me to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to do that for us.
You knew I'd refuse to do that, didn't you?
I wish Tom had told me about that earlier.
Tom said he wasn't sure he wanted to do that.
You haven't ruled out doing that, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that we did that.
Tom said he was living in Boston at the time.
You haven't done that very often, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd do that.
Tom said he was having a good time in Boston.
You haven't done that in a while, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I did.
Tom said he was asked not to do that anymore.
You have to have money in order to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him.
Tom said he wanted to stay home this weekend.
You have to do that more quickly next time.
I wish I hadn't mentioned that I knew Tom.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that.
You have to do that before you can go home.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom quit doing that.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that.
You have to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom.
Tom said he thought he could help us do that.
You hate it when people do that, don't you?
I wasn't the one who asked Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be safe.
You had a good time doing that, didn't you?
I wasn't sure if Tom could do that or not.
Tom said he needs to find another babysitter.
You don't want us to do that today, do you?
I wasn't able to teach Tom how to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that on Monday.
You don't think we need to do that, do you?
I was surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that in Boston.
You don't think I'd really do that, do you?
I was impressed when I saw Tom doing that.
Tom said he hopes to be back by October 20th.
You don't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I wanted to go mountain climbing with Tom.
Tom said he hoped he'd be allowed to do that.
You don't really understand French, do you?
I wanted to go home early, but Tom didn't.
Tom said he hated being treated like a child.
You don't really think I'd do that, do you?
I want to see the house where Tom grew up.
Tom said he doesn't want to take that chance.
You don't really care what I think, do you?
I want to know how much ice cream Tom ate.
Tom said he doesn't mind buying that for you.
You don't know anything about this, do you?
I want to apologize to Tom for doing that.
Tom said he didn't want you to do that again.
You don't have time to do that now, do you?
I tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that right now.
You don't feel like doing that now, do you?
I tried to convince Tom to do that for us.
You don't enjoy doing that anymore, do you?
I tried to convince Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he didn't want that to happen again.
You don't actually want to do that, do you?
I told Tom we didn't have time to do that.
Tom said he didn't expect the job to be easy.
You don't actually need to do that, do you?
I told Tom that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he didn't do what he should've done.
You don't actually have to do that, do you?
I told Tom that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that would happen.
You do that faster than anyone else I know.
I told Tom that I thought he looked drunk.
Tom said I didn't sound as excited as he was.
You do that better than anyone else I know.
I told Tom that I thought I could do that.
Tom realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
You do that as often as you can, don't you?
I told Tom it was safe for him to do that.
Tom put the clothes into the washing machine.
You didn't really want to do that, did you?
I told Tom he didn't have time to do that.
Tom promised to donate three million dollars.
You didn't really need to do that, did you?
I thought you said you saw Tom doing that.
Tom promised that that'll never happen again.
You didn't really mean to do that, did you?
I thought Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom probably won't need to do that this week.
You didn't really have to do that, did you?
I thought Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom probably won't have to do that this week.
You didn't have to do that either, did you?
I thought Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom probably won't figure out how to do that.
You did that for your children, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be doing that outside.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that anymore.
You did that earlier this week, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be doing that all day.
Tom probably doesn't know what he has to buy.
You decided to do that instead, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be at today's meeting.
Tom pretended that he didn't know the answer.
You could stay at our house if you want to.
I thought Tom wasn't being careful enough.
Tom practices singing up to nine hours a day.
You could spend your vacation in Australia.
I thought Tom was the last one to do that.
Tom practices basketball all day on weekends.
You can stay in Boston as long as you like.
I thought Tom was going to do that for me.
Tom played several tunes for us on the piano.
You can do that without my help, can't you?
I thought Tom no longer needed to do that.
Tom plants tomatoes in his garden every year.
You can do that faster than I can, I think.
I thought Tom might want to do that today.
Tom often reads when he's waiting for people.
You can do that better than I can, I think.
I thought Tom might need to do that today.
Tom often goes to Boston to visit his family.
You already know how to do that, don't you?
I thought Tom might have to do that today.
Tom must've been tired after working all day.
Wouldn't it be better if you did that here?
I thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
Tom might visit Boston on his way to Chicago.
Would you like to study in another country?
I thought Tom knew what needed to be done.
Tom might not be willing to buy that for you.
Would it be better to do that now or later?
I thought I'd be able to help Tom do that.
Tom might get arrested if he does that again.
Who's the most intelligent person you know?
I think you could convince Tom to do that.
Tom made up his mind to try doing that again.
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed by that.
Tom loved doing that more than anything else.
Who makes the big decisions in your family?
I think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry to do that.
Who do you intend to travel to Boston with?
I think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom likely doesn't have the money to do that.
What were you doing yesterday at this time?
I think Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom let me know that he was going to do that.
What were you doing last week at this time?
I think Tom won't be motivated to do that.
Tom knows he is supposed to do that tomorrow.
What did you do with the rest of the books?
I think Tom will come to Boston on Monday.
Tom knew he might need to do that by himself.
We've been waiting for you for a long time.
I think Tom will be doing that by himself.
Tom knew he might have to do that by himself.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
Tom just called me to tell me that he's lost.
We'll probably be able to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom will be able to do that today.
Tom isn't the kind of person who would panic.
We'd be lucky if we could actually do that.
I think Tom taught French a few years ago.
Tom isn't quite sure what he should be doing.
We won't be teaching French here next year.
I think Tom might be reluctant to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very impressed by that.
We should've stayed in Boston until Monday.
I think Tom is going to Boston next month.
Tom isn't coming back to Boston anytime soon.
We need to make a decision about that soon.
I think Tom has to be told not to do that.
Tom is trying to do what he's supposed to do.
We need to find a solution to that problem.
I think Tom does that at least once a day.
Tom is trying hard to do what has to be done.
We have to find a solution to that problem.
I think Tom could've done that on his own.
Tom is training one of his horses for a race.
We don't speak French outside of our house.
I think Tom could've done that by himself.
Tom is too young to go to the zoo by himself.
We don't have enough time to do that today.
I think Tom could do that if he wanted to.
Tom is too serious to do something like that.
We didn't have time to do things like this.
I think Tom could be doing that right now.
Tom is the only one who felt like doing that.
This time of year always has a lot of rain.
I think Tom could be a very rich man soon.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem worried.
This supermarket stays open until midnight.
I think Tom can help us do that next week.
Tom is the one who knows what should be done.
This is the factory where my brother works.
I think I heard Tom say that he'd do that.
Tom is the one who knows what has to be done.
This building has several empty apartments.
I suspect Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is the one responsible for what happened.
They say it's very cold here in the winter.
I sure hope Tom goes to Boston next month.
Tom is the guy over there wearing sunglasses.
They probably don't know anything about it.
I shouldn't have kept Tom waiting so long.
Tom is the guy over there reading a magazine.
The only native French speaker here is you.
I should've let Tom go to Boston with you.
Tom is the best French teacher I've ever had.
The man carrying a briefcase seemed afraid.
I should've asked Tom if he could do that.
Tom is taller than any other boy in the room.
The little boy who gave me this seemed shy.
I should tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom is supposed to be doing his homework now.
The last three days have been really muggy.
I should probably tell Tom how to do that.
Tom is stronger than most people think he is.
The guy who cooked our dinner was very fat.
I should probably show Tom how to do that.
Tom is still the weakest singer in our choir.
The guy playing the saxophone seemed drunk.
I should probably not tell Tom to do that.
Tom is probably too depressed to do that now.
Please give me some money so I can do that.
I saw Tom doing that just a few hours ago.
Tom is one of the best-looking people I know.
Please ask to see if it's OK if we do that.
I really don't think Tom wants to do that.
Tom is likely to still be willing to do that.
My house was struck by lightning last week.
I really don't think Tom needs to do that.
Tom is likely to still be tempted to do that.
My father would never permit me to do that.
I only gave Tom thirty minutes to do that.
Tom is likely to still be fascinated by that.
My family moved to Boston when I was three.
I never thought Tom would want to do that.
Tom is likely to be the first one to do that.
My computer cost a lot more than yours did.
I never thought Tom would help us do that.
Tom is likely to be interested in doing that.
Most people here don't know how to do that.
I never thought I'd see Tom do that again.
Look what I found today at the supermarket.
I never expected Tom to refuse to do that.
Tom is likely to be hungry when he gets here.
Let's not get up so early tomorrow morning.
I need to remember to tell Tom to do that.
Tom is likely to be homeless by next October.
Let's get something to eat on the way home.
I live in Boston and Tom lives in Chicago.
Tom is fortunate to still be able to do that.
Just make sure you don't forget to do that.
I know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is doing his best to get that done today.
It's difficult to find a job at the moment.
I know that you and Tom did that together.
Tom is determined to finish doing that today.
It'll probably be tough for you to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like me very much.
Tom is apparently in the same boat as we are.
It'll probably be risky for you to do that.
I know Tom will have to do that next week.
Tom is already looking forward to doing that.
It'll probably be cheap for you to do that.
I know Tom probably won't want to do that.
Tom is actually a pretty good French speaker.
It wouldn't be a very good idea to do that.
I know Tom probably won't need to do that.
Tom injured himself when he tried to do that.
It would've been safer to do that together.
I knew that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
Tom hopes that everyone will enjoy his party.
It would likely to be good if you did that.
I knew Tom would likely refuse to do that.
Tom hasn't performed live since his accident.
It would be remarkable if we could do that.
I hope that Tom comes to my party tonight.
Tom hasn't done that as many times as I have.
It would be foolish to do that by yourself.
I hope Tom won't tell me I should do that.
Tom has tried many different ways to do that.
It would be fantastic if you could do that.
I hope Tom knows when he needs to do that.
Tom has told me that story many times before.
It would be better not to do that too much.
I hope Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom has told me he'll study French next year.
Is there any chance that you won't do that?
I hope Tom isn't interested in doing that.
Tom has probably already forgotten your name.
If you wanted me to do that again, I would.
I hope Tom is still awake when I get home.
Tom has one daughter and three grandchildren.
I've loved you since the first time we met.
I hope Tom is present at our next meeting.
Tom has known how to do that for a long time.
I've learned a lot in the last three years.
I hope Tom is finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom has just started learning how to do that.
I've invited a few friends over for dinner.
I hope Tom doesn't get embarrassed easily.
Tom has done that more than most people have.
I've done that more than I'd like to admit.
I have to remember to tell Tom to do that.
Tom has decided to give up trying to do that.
I'm too old to be doing this kind of thing.
I have a feeling that Tom never does that.
Tom has been in the hospital for thee months.
I'm the only one who knows how to fix this.
I happened to be on the same plane as Tom.
Tom has been doing that for a very long time.
I'm the only one who isn't able to do that.
I got tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Tom has been asking me questions all morning.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom why I didn't do that.
Tom has advised me to start doing that again.
I'm sure that this is some kind of mistake.
I figured Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom has a master's degree in music education.
I'm supposed to speak French in the office.
I expect that Tom is doing that right now.
Tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain.
I'm not sure that I really need to do that.
I doubt that Tom could do that by himself.
Tom had to do something he didn't want to do.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what I need.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that.
Tom had no idea what he should've been doing.
I'm looking for a doctor who speaks French.
I doubt if Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom got very sick and had to be hospitalized.
I'm going to have to do that all by myself.
I doubt if Tom will be at the beach today.
Tom got out of his truck and closed the door.
I'll do that tomorrow even if it's raining.
I doubt if Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom got a chance to try doing that last week.
I'd rather do that now before it gets dark.
I don't want to tell Tom how much I weigh.
Tom goes to Boston two or three times a year.
I wouldn't want to do that if it's illegal.
I don't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom gave me exactly what I told him I needed.
I would've done that if I'd had the chance.
I don't want to go to the circus with Tom.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston next Monday.
I wonder if it's dangerous to do that here.
I don't want to go and Tom doesn't either.
Tom doesn't think we're ready to do that yet.
I won't go to Boston unless you go with me.
I don't want any of the stuff Tom gave me.
Tom doesn't think he's capable of doing that.
I wish we had the chance to try doing that.
I don't understand why Tom should do that.
Tom doesn't think he really needs to do that.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that by myself.
I don't understand why Tom has to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll be allowed to do that.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
I don't think Tom would forget to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he needs to do.
I wasn't surprised that I couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom will do that by himself.
Tom doesn't seem to know about what happened.
I wasn't as hungry as I thought I would be.
I don't think Tom will be at school today.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I was told we weren't allowed to swim here.
I don't think Tom will be at home tonight.
Tom doesn't really want to do that right now.
I was forced to do that when I was younger.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't really think I did that, does he?
I was annoyed by the smell of rotting fish.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that, does he?
I was about to do that when the phone rang.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that.
Tom doesn't often have the chance to do that.
I was able to do that without any problems.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that.
Tom doesn't often complain about the weather.
I wanted to do that even more than you did.
I don't think Tom ought to have done that.
Tom doesn't make me laugh the way he used to.
I want to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I don't think Tom ought to do that inside.
Tom doesn't like what you're doing right now.
I want to see a doctor as soon as possible.
I don't think Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't like spending time in the garden.
I want to know why you're going to do that.
I don't think Tom is permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
I want to know why you didn't call me back.
I don't think Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
I want to know where you've hidden the key.
I don't think Tom is desperate to do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
I want to know when we're going to do that.
I don't think Tom is back from Boston yet.
Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
I want to know how you're going to do that.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car.
Tom doesn't know a lot about classical music.
I want to buy a house in this neighborhood.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have very many friends in Boston.
I want to buy a car, but I can't afford to.
I don't suppose Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have much experience in teaching.
I try to never make the same mistake twice.
I don't see why Tom would want to do that.
Tom doesn't have any friends here except you.
I thought you were still working in Boston.
I don't remember the first time I met Tom.
Tom doesn't have a choice. He has to do that.
I thought you said you'd do that on Monday.
I don't remember Tom asking me to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt his own ability to do that.
I thought you said you heard some gunshots.
I don't really think Tom wants to do that.
Tom died shortly after the ambulance arrived.
I thought you said you heard a dog barking.
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.
Tom died less than a week after the accident.
I thought a lot about how I should do that.
I don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
Tom didn't want to admit he couldn't do that.
I thought I'd forgotten to lock the door.
I don't need any of the stuff Tom gave me.
Tom didn't think we would be able to do that.
I thought I'd be able to do that yesterday.
I don't like the way Tom cooks vegetables.
Tom didn't tell me that he grew up in Boston.
I thought I'd be able to do that by myself.
I don't know why Tom went to the hospital.
Tom didn't seem to know what he needed to do.
I thought I could do that without any help.
I don't know why Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy reading comic books.
I though I'd never get a chance to do that.
I don't know why Tom is afraid to do that.
Tom didn't seem like he was enjoying himself.
I think you could've done that on your own.
I don't know who Tom went to the zoo with.
Tom didn't often do that when he was younger.
I think something strange is going on here.
I don't know whether Tom is sleepy or not.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that.
I think it's probably unethical to do that.
I don't know whether Tom is dead or alive.
Tom didn't know what he should've been doing.
I think it's probably not cheap to do that.
I don't know whether Tom can drive or not.
Tom didn't know that he had to do that today.
I think it's probably expensive to do that.
I don't know where Tom keeps his passport.
Tom didn't know it was impossible to do that.
I think it's probably dangerous to do that.
I don't know where Tom buys his groceries.
Tom didn't know how much money he would need.
I think it wouldn't be much fun to do that.
I don't know where Tom bought his bicycle.
Tom didn't know how much I wanted to do that.
I think it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't know when Tom is supposed to come.
Tom didn't know anything about what happened.
I think it might be interesting to do that.
I don't know what kind of music Tom likes.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that.
I think I'm the only one who can't do that.
I don't know what Tom would like me to do.
Tom didn't do that because he didn't want to.
I still haven't learned how to drive a car.
I don't know how much money Tom has spent.
Tom didn't do everything we wanted him to do.
I don't care about what Tom says about me.
Tom did that for the first time this morning.
I still have a lot of things I want to buy.
I don't believe Tom really has to do that.
Tom devoted a lot of time to studying French.
I still have a lot of things I need to buy.
I do basically the same thing as Tom does.
Tom decided I was the one who should do that.
I still have a lot of things I have to buy.
I didn't warn Tom about what might happen.
Tom cut his finger when he was opening a can.
I still have a couple of books you lent me.
I didn't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I should've waited until Monday to do that.
I didn't want to go and Tom didn't either.
Tom could get arrested if he does that again.
I should've stayed in Boston, but I didn't.
I didn't want Tom to know what I had done.
Tom could be supportive when he wanted to be.
I should've stayed and helped you clean up.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
Tom clapped his hands and the light went out.
I should've known that you'd be here today.
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me.
Tom chose to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
I should've discussed that with my parents.
I didn't think Tom would still be at home.
Tom came to visit us with his new girlfriend.
I should've been able to do that on my own.
I didn't think Tom would leave without me.
Tom came home from school earlier than usual.
I should probably not have done that again.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy that movie.
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late.
I should be ready by the time you get here.
I didn't think Tom would come to my party.
Tom began writing songs when he was thirteen.
I should be able to do that in three hours.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office.
Tom asked me why I did that the way I did it.
I see no need to stay in Boston any longer.
I didn't think Tom was violating any laws.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that with him.
I probably won't come to Boston this month.
I didn't think Tom was through doing that.
Tom asked if it would be safe if he did that.
I probably should've been more cooperative.
I didn't think Tom was nervous doing that.
Tom and his wife have adopted three children.
I plan on staying in Boston for three days.
I didn't think Tom was doing that anymore.
Tom and I've known each other for many years.
I need to go to the bank to get some money.
I didn't think Tom had to do that anymore.
Tom and I've decided not to do that together.
I need three volunteers to help me do that.
I didn't tell Tom why he had to work late.
Tom and I'll be in the lobby waiting for you.
I looked around, but I didn't see anything.
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that.
Tom and I'll apparently be on the same train.
I know we'll be able to do that eventually.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom and I were working together at that time.
I know someone who might lend you a guitar.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed more money.
Tom and I were seated across from each other.
I know a good store with reasonable prices.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to go.
Tom and I were completely alone on the beach.
I know I'm probably going to lose the race.
I didn't tell Tom that you were an ex-con.
Tom and I were always together in those days.
I know I won't be allowed to do that again.
I didn't tell Tom that you were a drummer.
Tom and I went fishing together last weekend.
I know I don't have enough time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to quit my job.
Tom and I wanted to go to the dance together.
I just found out that you can speak French.
I didn't tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
Tom and I want to buy a house on Park Street.
I hope we'll be able to do that eventually.
I didn't realize that Tom was lying to me.
Tom and I usually eat lunch in the cafeteria.
I hope I have the chance to try doing that.
I didn't like the way Tom treated his dog.
Tom and I traveled together for three months.
I haven't yet done what you asked me to do.
I didn't like the spaghetti that Tom made.
Tom and I traveled around Australia together.
I haven't yet done everything I need to do.
I didn't like the answer that Tom gave me.
Tom and I talked for at least thirty minutes.
I haven't yet done everything I have to do.
I didn't know which train Tom would be on.
Tom and I take the same bus home from school.
I haven't been on a picnic for a long time.
I didn't know whether Tom was safe or not.
Tom and I haven't known each other very long.
I gave up trying to do that many years ago.
I didn't know whether Tom was busy or not.
Tom and I graduated from the same university.
I don't yet know exactly what I need to do.
I didn't know where to put Tom's suitcase.
Tom and I go to church together every Sunday.
I don't yet know exactly what I have to do.
I didn't know when Tom had come to Boston.
Tom and I flew to Boston last month together.
I don't want to talk about what's happened.
I didn't know what to do when Tom fainted.
Tom and I fight with each other all the time.
I don't want to talk about my private life.
I didn't know what Tom was supposed to do.
Tom and I each took a swig out of the bottle.
I don't want to spend that much for a meal.
I didn't know what Tom was planning to do.
Tom and I don't live too far from each other.
I don't want to do anything that's illegal.
I didn't know the reason why Tom was late.
Tom and I don't like the same kind of movies.
I don't want to be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that you were Tom's brother.
Tom and I don't know what we need to do next.
I don't want the same thing to happen here.
I didn't know that Tom was looking for me.
Tom and I don't know what we have to do next.
I don't understand why I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know that Tom had three children.
Tom and I didn't have anything to talk about.
I don't think you'll be allowed to do that.
I didn't know if Tom would do that or not.
Tom and I arrived in Boston at the same time.
I don't think they'll permit me to do that.
I didn't know if Tom could do that or not.
Tom and I are thinking about getting married.
I don't think it's wise for you to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom and I are taking a break from each other.
I don't think it would be wrong to do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom and I are married, but not to each other.
I don't think it would be risky to do that.
I didn't know Tom had been married before.
Tom and I almost got married three years ago.
I don't think it would be cheap to do that.
I didn't have Tom's permission to do that.
Tom almost went to Boston instead of Chicago.
I don't think I'm going to do that anymore.
I didn't expect Tom to be at school today.
Tom almost injured himself trying to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't drink the wine Tom poured for me.
Tom said there was no need for you to do that.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't care whether Tom liked me or not.
Tom's three sons are still living in Boston.
I don't spend enough time with my children.
I didn't call Tom like I promised I would.
Tom writes something in his diary every day.
I don't really like Italian food very much.
I can't speak French and Tom can't either.
Tom would often do that when he was younger.
I don't really feel like playing badminton.
I can't remember when Tom moved to Boston.
Tom would never forgive you if you did that.
I don't often do my homework before dinner.
I bought this car from Tom just last week.
Tom would never do that when he was younger.
I don't need to worry about that happening.
I already know what Tom is planning to do.
Tom won't permit you to continue doing that.
I don't need to do that if I don't want to.
How many years did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be the next one to do that.
I don't know why I was supposed to do that.
Tom won't likely be the last one to do that.
I don't know who can do that and who can't.
How many weeks did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be forgiven for doing that.
I don't know what this is called in French.
Tom won't likely be finished doing that yet.
I don't know how much the ticket will cost.
How many times did Tom call you yesterday?
Tom won't likely be excused from doing that.
I don't know exactly what needs to be done.
How many loaves of bread did you give Tom?
Tom won't likely be enthusiastic about that.
I don't know as many people here as you do.
How many hours did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be alone on a Friday night.
I don't have to worry about that happening.
Tom won't be teaching French here next year.
I don't have to do that if I don't want to.
How many days will it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't be able to keep up with his class.
I don't have time to talk to you right now.
How long has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom won't be able to do anything by himself.
I don't have the skill required to do that.
How long did it take Tom to get to Boston?
Tom won't be able to answer their questions.
I don't have the courage to go there alone.
How did you know Tom was going to be here?
Tom will probably get fined if he does that.
I don't have anything else to do right now.
Has Tom decided to do that again tomorrow?
Tom will probably figure out how to do that.
I don't have any money, so I won't do that.
Even though it's Monday, Tom will do that.
Tom will likely have a hard time doing that.
I don't believe you really want to do that.
Do you think Tom is determined to do that?
Tom will likely be very hesitant to do that.
I don't believe you really need to do that.
Do you think Tom can do that without help?
Tom will likely be the first one to do that.
I don't believe you really have to do that.
Do you suppose that man over there is Tom?
Tom will likely be sarcastic. He usually is.
I don't allow my children to eat junk food.
Do you know whether Tom is doing that now?
Tom will likely be interested in doing that.
I didn't want to think about the situation.
Do you know the reason why Tom was crying?
Tom will likely be hungry when he gets home.
I didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Do you have any idea what Tom wants to do?
Tom will likely be homeless by next October.
I didn't want to do that without some help.
Do you have any idea what Tom needs to do?
Tom will likely be concerned about the cost.
I didn't want my neighbors to see me naked.
Do you ever see Tom when you're in Boston?
Tom will go to Boston on business next week.
I didn't think you'd be worried about that.
Didn't you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom will do that whether you like it or not.
I didn't think you'd be nervous doing that.
Didn't you know that Tom is in Boston now?
Tom will definitely get a chance to do that.
I didn't think you'd be at today's meeting.
Didn't you know that Tom is afraid of you?
Tom will be the only one allowed to do that.
I didn't think you were through doing that.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't having any fun?
Tom will be leaving for Australia next week.
I didn't think you were doing that anymore.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be there?
Tom went to the bookstore to buy some books.
I didn't think the rain would last so long.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be fired?
Tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was coming here today?
Tom wasn't very difficult to get along with.
I didn't think I would be bored, but I was.
Didn't you know Tom had more than one car?
Tom wasn't very amused by what was going on.
I didn't tell anyone where I hid the money.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't speak French?
Tom wasn't the only one who failed the test.
I didn't stay as long as I thought I would.
Did you tell Tom what time he should come?
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this trumpet.
I didn't really think I'd enjoy doing that.
Did you know what to do when Tom did that?
Tom wasn't the one who ate all of ice cream.
I didn't really feel like doing that today.
Did you know Tom was going to be arrested?
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for him.
I didn't make any mistakes on today's test.
Did you know Tom used to enjoy doing that?
Tom wasn't convinced that he had to do that.
I didn't learn to drive until I was thirty.
Did you know Tom has spent time in prison?
Tom wasn't able to move the desk by himself.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that.
Did you know Tom has a hat just like that?
Tom was unconscious when the medics arrived.
I didn't know you were planning to do that.
Did you help Tom while you were in Boston?
Tom was trying to ignore what was happening.
I didn't know you were allergic to walnuts.
Both of Tom's brothers have been arrested.
Tom was the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I didn't know you used to enjoy doing that.
All three of Tom's brothers are in prison.
Tom was surprised when his plan didn't work.
I didn't know whether I was right or wrong.
"Who's that letter from?" "It's from Tom."
Tom was one of the best players on our team.
I didn't know whether I could do it or not.
You're one of Tom's students, aren't you?
Tom was convinced that he needed to do that.
I didn't know what to do in that situation.
You'll ask Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom was already asleep that when I got here.
I didn't know that what I'd done was wrong.
You'd better write Tom a letter, I think.
Tom wants to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know how to cope with the problem.
You weren't supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom usually stays at a hotel on Park Street.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that.
You told Tom that I did that, didn't you?
Tom told us that we need to be more careful.
I didn't kiss my wife goodbye this morning.
You told Tom I could do that, didn't you?
Tom told us that there was no need to hurry.
I didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
You shouldn't have done that without Tom.
Tom told me that he's determined to do that.
I didn't have enough money to pay the bill.
You should tell Tom not to do that today.
Tom told me that he'd be willing to do that.
I didn't go to sleep until 2:last night.
You should tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom told me that I'm always too pessimistic.
I didn't get off the bus where I should've.
You need to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom told me that I should go back to Boston.
I didn't get home until way after midnight.
You look even more nervous than Tom does.
Tom told me he's still not fluent in French.
I didn't get along with the other students.
You like the way Tom did that, don't you?
Tom told me he's not going to do that again.
I didn't expect to get paid for doing that.
You hope that Tom can do that, don't you?
Tom told me he'd wait until 2:to do that.
I didn't do everything you wanted me to do.
You have to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom told me he won't be in Boston next week.
I didn't arrive until the meeting was over.
You have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom told me he already has plans for Monday.
I didn't arrive until the concert was over.
You don't think Tom will do that, do you?
Tom thought you wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't anticipate that this would happen.
You don't need to know how Tom does that.
Tom thinks that we won't be able to do that.
I didn't anticipate that that would happen.
You do that so much better than Tom does.
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a bad idea.
I did that the same way everybody else did.
You could've excused Tom from doing that.
Tom thinks some of his friends will do that.
I can't tell you the reason why I did that.
You can do that even better than Tom can.
Tom thinks he's the best actor in the world.
I can't remember who I lent my umbrella to.
You and I are the only people Tom trusts.
Tom sure has managed to make a lot of money.
I can't remember where I put my sunglasses.
Will Tom really stay in Boston all month?
Tom studies much harder now than he used to.
I can't do that now because I'm very tired.
Will Tom really be doing that by himself?
Tom still speaks French, but not very often.
I can't do that as well as most people can.
Will Tom come to Boston for Thanksgiving?
Tom still has a lot of things he has to buy.
I can't believe you really need to do that.
Why don't you get Tom to do that for you?
Tom still goes to Boston a few times a year.
I can't believe you really have to do that.
Who told you Tom could understand French?
Tom starts his job at 2:in the afternoon.
I can stay in Boston for about three weeks.
When's Tom coming back from his vacation?
Tom started working here in October of 2013.
I already know the answer to that question.
When I saw Tom, I recognized him at once.
Tom started doing that when he was thirteen.
I almost have enough time to do that today.
What time does Tom do that every morning?
Tom spent the morning reading the newspaper.
I advise you to do that as soon as you can.
Weren't you supposed to do that with Tom?
Tom spends most of his free time doing that.
How many weeks will it take you to do that?
Were you able to persuade Tom to do that?
Tom spends his free time playing the guitar.
How many months will it take us to do that?
We'll probably go to Boston in Tom's car.
Tom sounds like a pretty interesting person.
How many months did it take you to do that?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that yesterday?
Tom sometimes help me with my math homework.
How many months did it take you to do that.
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that on Monday?
Tom slipped when he was crossing the street.
How many hours will it take you to do that?
This is the third time Tom has done that.
Tom shouldn't have permitted you to do that.
How many hot dogs did you eat last weekend?
There's no way Tom would want to do that.
Tom should've visited Boston, but he didn't.
How long have you already spent doing that?
There's no telling when Tom will do that.
Tom should've parked his car somewhere else.
How far is it to the post office from here?
There are times when Tom doesn't do that.
Tom should've done that before he went home.
Everything's back to the way it used to be.
The question is whether Tom will do that.
Tom should've come to the meeting yesterday.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that today.
The person I usually do that with is Tom.
Tom should've been the first one to do that.
Doing that will be more fun than you think.
The explanation Tom gave was interesting.
Tom should've been more curious than he was.
Do you want me to help you clean your room?
The cut on Tom's leg has gotten infected.
Tom should've been interested in doing that.
Do you think you'd be miserable doing that?
Tell Tom he needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom should've been OK doing that by himself.
Do you think we'll be permitted to do that?
Please tell Tom to close all the windows.
Tom should be very hungry when he gets home.
Do you think it's safe to drink this water?
Please tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom shielded his eyes from the bright light.
Do you think doing that would be dangerous?
Please tell Tom he ought to do that soon.
Tom seldom does his homework in the kitchen.
Do you really think it's unsafe to do that?
Please tell Tom he needs to wear goggles.
Tom seems to be reluctant to do that for us.
Do you really think it's stupid to do that?
Most likely Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom seemed to be aware of what was going on.
Do you know anyone who has gotten divorced?
Maybe Tom will come to Boston in October.
Tom seemed to be aware of what he had to do.
Do you have any idea what needs to be done?
Maybe Tom doesn't know much about Boston.
Tom seemed convinced that he had to do that.
Do you have any friends who don't eat rice?
Maybe Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Tom seemed a little busier today than usual.
Didn't you know you didn't need to do that?
Maybe I should ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom says that he'll teach French to my kids.
Didn't you know you didn't have to do that?
It's almost noon and Tom is still in bed.
Tom says he's always wanted to study French.
Didn't you know what you were getting into?
It would be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom says he'd rather not do that by himself.
Didn't you know it was possible to do that?
It took Tom about three hours to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's possible to do that.
Did you buy that painting we saw yesterday?
It sounds like Tom might want to do that.
Tom says he thinks he'll be able to do that.
Can you take care of my dog while I'm away?
It sounds like Tom might need to do that.
Tom says he needs to find someplace to live.
Am I the only one who knows how to do that?
It sounds like Tom might have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know where to go.
About how many times a week do you do that?
It seems like Tom enjoys being miserable.
Tom says he doesn't really know what to buy.
"Do I have to do that?" "Yes, you have to."
It looks like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't intend to do that again.
Your French pronunciation isn't very good.
It looks as if Tom has already done that.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that anymore.
You're the only person I can really trust.
Is there any chance Tom is in Boston now?
Tom says he can already do that fairly well.
You're the only one who's able to do that.
Is Tom the only one who wants to do that?
Tom sat in his armchair, reading a magazine.
You're one of the stingiest people I know.
Is Tom the only one who needs to do that?
Tom said you're better at French than he is.
You're not the only one who can't do that.
I've been asked not to tell Tom anything.
Tom said you wanted to go to Boston with us.
You're about ready to do that, aren't you?
I'm the person who gave Tom that bicycle.
Tom said the smell didn't bother him at all.
You're a straightA student, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the reason he did that.
You'll have a really hard time doing that.
I'm sure Tom won't be tempted to do that.
Tom said that probably won't happen anymore.
You'll do that sooner or later, won't you?
I'm sure Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom said not doing that was never an option.
You'll definitely get a chance to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be punished.
Tom said no cars passed him on his way here.
You'll be the only one allowed to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be arrested.
Tom said last night's concert was enjoyable.
You'll be doing that on Monday, won't you?
I'm pretty sure Tom won't try to do that.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen anymore.
You'd have to be pretty stupid to do that.
I'm not the one who asked Tom to do that.
Tom said his schedule would probably change.
You won't have to do that again, will you?
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants to do.
Tom said his parents have never spanked him.
You won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs to do.
Tom said his house was damaged in the storm.
You won't be able to do that without help.
I'm not going to show Tom how to do that.
Tom said his father told him not to do that.
You weren't supposed to do that, were you?
I'm glad that Tom learned how to do that.
Tom said he's ready to do whatever it takes.
You were the one who did that weren't you?
I'm almost certain that Tom will do that.
Tom said he's looking forward to doing that.
You were planning to do that, weren't you?
I'll probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that.
You were in Boston last week, weren't you?
I'll do that with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he's been trying to be cooperative.
You were drinking last night, weren't you?
I'd hoped Tom could learn how to do that.
Tom said he's been told not do that anymore.
You think I'll do that for you, don't you?
I'd be very disappointed if Tom did that.
Tom said he'll be in his office all morning.
You think I could've done that, don't you?
I write to Tom two or three times a week.
Tom said he'd like to continue working here.
You still haven't done that yet, have you?
I wouldn't do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom said he'd be back the Monday after next.
You still do that every summer, don't you?
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
You still do that every Monday, don't you?
I wonder why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to help us anymore.
You should've been able to do that easily.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom said he was willing to do that tomorrow.
You should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he was too tired to go any further.
You should be able to do that on your own.
I wonder whether Tom did that last night.
Tom said he was too out of shape to do that.
You seemed to be very hesitant to do that.
I wonder what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom said he was told not to do that anymore.
You seem to be surprised by what happened.
I wonder if Tom would be able to do that.
Tom said he was looking for a job in Boston.
You promised you wouldn't do that anymore.
I wish I hadn't permitted Tom to do that.
Tom said he was just about ready to do that.
You need to stay here and help me do that.
I wish I hadn't convinced Tom to do that.
Tom said he was going to do that by himself.
You must be very careful when you do that.
I wish I hadn't been late to Tom's party.
Tom said he wanted to buy something cheaper.
You look like you've lost a lot of weight.
I wasn't able to convince Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought that would never happen.
You look like you're really concentrating.
I was going to ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us.
You look almost exactly like your brother.
I want to know what Tom did last weekend.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that.
You know why I need to do that, don't you?
I want to give Tom the chance to do that.
Tom said he thought he could do that for me.
You know why I have to do that, don't you?
I tried not to keep Tom waiting too long.
Tom said he thought doing that would be fun.
You knew that I could do that, didn't you?
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston.
Tom said he still had a lot of things to do.
You knew I'd agree to do that, didn't you?
I told Tom that I didn't need to do that.
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that today.
You hope I never do that again, don't you?
I told Tom that I didn't know what to do.
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that again.
You haven't done that this year, have you?
I told Tom that I didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped he didn't need to do that.
You don't want to do that tonight, do you?
I told Tom I didn't have time to do that.
Tom said he hoped he didn't have to do that.
You don't want to do that anymore, do you?
I thought you said you'd do that for Tom.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
You don't think we should do that, do you?
I thought Tom wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he hadn't done that in three years.
You don't think we did that right, do you?
I thought Tom wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom said he had something going on tomorrow.
You don't think I need to do that, do you?
I thought Tom was going to do that today.
Tom said he figured he'd be able to do that.
You don't seem to be in a good mood today.
I thought Tom was going to be happy here.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that anymore.
You don't really think I did that, do you?
I thought Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think he has to do that.
You don't really like Korean food, do you?
I thought I'd be able to do that for Tom.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that for you.
You don't really enjoy doing that, do you?
I think that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to work as a waiter.
I think Tom would like to live in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to make you do that.
You don't like it when we do that, do you?
I think Tom would like to be cooperative.
Tom said he didn't want to borrow any money.
You don't know how much I want to do that.
I think Tom would be upset if I did that.
Tom said he didn't need any more volunteers.
You don't intend to do that again, do you?
I think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who he should trust.
I don't have to stay if I don't want to.
I think Tom won't be in Boston very long.
Tom said he didn't know anything about that.
You don't have to do that, but you should.
I think Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to break the vase.
You don't have to do that anymore, do you?
I think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any books in French.
You don't have to be a student to do that.
I think Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom said he did that as quickly as he could.
You don't have enough time to do that now.
I think Tom will be doing that on Monday.
Tom said he couldn't see himself doing that.
You didn't think I would do that, did you?
I think Tom will be desperate to do that.
Tom said he couldn't afford to see a doctor.
You didn't think I could do that, did you?
I think Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
Tom said doing that has made him very happy.
You didn't look like you were embarrassed.
I think Tom might visit Boston next week.
Tom said I shouldn't have bought this house.
You didn't look like you were discouraged.
I think Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said Boston was warmer than he expected.
You didn't know I had to do that, did you?
I think Tom has some relatives in Boston.
Tom said Boston was hotter than he expected.
You didn't do that intentionally, did you?
I think Tom did that, but I may be wrong.
Tom said Boston was cooler than he expected.
You didn't do that for very long, did you?
I think I'll be able to help Tom do that.
Tom said Boston was colder than he expected.
You did that three months ago, didn't you?
I think I'd better go to Boston with Tom.
Tom refused my help and did that on his own.
You did that even better than we expected.
I think I know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom recommends that you not do that anymore.
You did that about as well as we expected.
I think I know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom recommends that you don't do that again.
You could do that if you really wanted to.
I still haven't talked to Tom about that.
Tom ran away from home when he was thirteen.
You can't speak French very well, can you?
I shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
Tom promised us he wouldn't do that anymore.
You can study in my office if you want to.
I should've told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom promised that he wouldn't drink anymore.
You can always try doing that by yourself.
I should've told Tom about what happened.
Tom promised that he wouldn't do that again.
You always do that by yourself, don't you?
I should've helped Tom with his homework.
Tom promised that he wouldn't be late again.
You already know what happened, don't you?
I should've given Tom a birthday present.
Tom promised me that everything would be OK.
Would you like for me to buy that for you?
I should tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom promised me he'd do that, but he didn't.
Will you really be doing that by yourself?
I should tell Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom probably won't want to do that tomorrow.
Why do you think basketball is so popular?
I reminded Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom probably won't do what he says he'll do.
Why are you sitting there all by yourself?
I really should go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom probably won't comment on the situation.
Who's going to buy the food for the party?
I promised Tom that I'd do that with him.
Tom probably won't be able to do that today.
Who do you think we should ask to help us?
I often stay with Tom when I'm in Boston.
Tom probably isn't interested in doing that.
Which one of your children went to Boston?
I know you'd never permit Tom to do that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know what happened.
When was the last time you were this busy?
I know why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why that happened.
When was the last time you mowed the lawn?
I know that Tom is determined to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know much about sports.
What's the longest trip you've ever taken?
I know that Tom has spent time in prison.
Tom probably doesn't know he should do that.
What made you think I'd refuse to do that?
I know Tom will probably want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about it.
What else would you like to see in Boston?
I know Tom will probably need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about birds.
Weren't you supposed to do that yesterday?
I know Tom will probably have to do that.
Tom only bakes three loaves of bread a week.
We're likely to be about three hours late.
I knew that Tom was doing that yesterday.
Tom once owned a summer home near the beach.
We probably won't have to do that anymore.
I knew Tom would likely agree to do that.
Tom often plays basketball with his friends.
We only have three hours to get this done.
I knew Tom would do that sooner or later.
Tom often goes to the library to read books.
We need to put new locks on all the doors.
I hope Tom knows why he needs to do that.
Tom often complains about pain in his lungs.
We may stay in Boston for a few more days.
I hope Tom isn't the next one to do that.
Tom needs to do that more quickly next time.
We have to put new locks on all the doors.
I hope Tom isn't the last one to do that.
Tom needs to be here again tomorrow at 2:30.
We had to study French at our high school.
I hope Tom isn't forgiven for doing that.
Tom needs to be finished doing that by 2:30.
This will only take a minute of your time.
I hope Tom isn't excused from doing that.
Tom must've sensed this was going to happen.
This shirt doesn't have a price tag on it.
I hope Tom is willing to do that with me.
Tom moved to Boston soon after he graduated.
This area is famous for its sandy beaches.
I hope Tom doesn't say he has to do that.
Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
There's someone else doing that right now.
I helped Tom decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom looked worried when I said I was scared.
There's only one more thing we need to do.
I haven't yet told Tom what I want to do.
Tom lives on an island in the South Pacific.
There's only one more thing we have to do.
I haven't told Tom why I want to do that.
Tom learned not to do that from his parents.
There's nothing I can do about that today.
I haven't told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom knows how important doing that is to me.
There's no way I'm going to do that today.
I haven't told Tom why I have to do that.
Tom knew how important doing that was to me.
There's no chance of that happening today.
I have no idea why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to promise to do that.
There were only three flowers in the vase.
I have no idea why Tom needed to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who wants to do that.
There was nothing you could do about that.
I have a feeling that Tom has to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who needs to do that.
There are a lot of wild ducks around here.
I forgot I promised Tom that I'd do that.
Tom isn't likely to be fired for doing that.
The movie was much better than I expected.
I don't want to help Tom do that anymore.
Tom isn't likely to be charged with perjury.
The man sitting at the counter seemed sad.
I don't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom isn't likely be arrested for doing that.
That was a very innovative way to do that.
I don't want Tom to know what's happened.
Tom isn't going to be very happy to do that.
That man left before I could get his name.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
Tom isn't going to be very happy about that.
Thanks for reminding me about the meeting.
I don't think Tom would still be nervous.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that today.
Since it's raining, I won't do that today.
I don't think Tom would still be jealous.
Tom is very busy getting ready for his trip.
Please show me the easiest way to do that.
I don't think Tom will forget to do that.
Tom is unlikely to do what he says he'll do.
Please remind me to pay the rent tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wants to do that again.
Tom is too lazy to ever consider doing that.
Please measure the length of the mattress.
I don't think Tom should do that outside.
Tom is too lazy to even consider doing that.
Please don't do that unless I tell you to.
I don't think Tom should do that anymore.
Tom is too classy to do something like that.
Only a few people did that here yesterday.
I don't think Tom ought to do that again.
Tom is the only one who volunteered to help.
Nobody knows what'll happen in the future.
I don't think Tom is prepared to do that.
Tom is the only one here allowed to do that.
No matter what happens, I want to do that.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that.
Tom is the one who should've gone to Boston.
My wife and I both have driver's licenses.
I don't think Tom has to do that anymore.
Tom is the fastest runner on our track team.
My mother told me that I should come home.
I don't think Tom expected me to do that.
Tom is staying in a motel not far from here.
My mother is three years older than yours.
I don't think Tom did that intentionally.
Tom is safe now and that's all that matters.
My lawyer told me it was legal to do that.
I don't think Tom can do that by himself.
Tom is probably going to be able to do that.
My friend is going to become an architect.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that.
Tom is playing basketball with some friends.
My dog sleeps on the floor next to my bed.
All loves are eternal. What changes is the person.
I don't think I want to do that with Tom.
Tom is partly responsible for what happened.
My dog barks if someone comes to the door.
I don't remember where Tom told me to go.
Tom is one of the friendliest people I know.
My doctor says I don't drink enough water.
I don't remember the last time I saw Tom.
Tom is likely to still be irritated by that.
My doctor advised me to get more exercise.
I don't need any of the stuff I gave Tom.
Tom is likely to still be afraid to do that.
My brothers and sisters are still at home.
I don't need Tom's permission to do that.
Tom is likely to feel like doing that today.
My blood pressure has been lower recently.
I don't like the way Tom plays the drums.
Tom is likely to be the next one to do that.
Men and women usually do that differently.
I don't like the way Tom makes spaghetti.
Tom is likely to be the last one to do that.
Many of the fish in my aquarium have died.
I don't like cats and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is likely to be forgiven for doing that.
Let's find a good place to pitch our tent.
I don't like beef and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is likely to be excused from doing that.
Landscaping is my profession and my hobby.
I don't know why Tom should've done that.
Tom is hoping that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
It's not safe to drink the tap water here.
I don't know why Tom asked me to do that.
Tom is having a really hard time doing that.
It's illegal to do that in many countries.
I don't know who Tom is going to talk to.
Tom is going to be questioned by the police.
It's already time for us to do that again.
I don't know whether Tom likes me or not.
Tom is going out to buy some things we need.
It's almost time for the meeting to start.
I don't know whether Tom is tired or not.
Tom is an incredibly talented ballet dancer.
It's Monday that you're leaving, isn't it?
I don't know whether Tom did that or not.
Tom is able to do that with his eyes closed.
It'll probably be safe for you to do that.
I don't know whether Tom can swim or not.
It'll probably be easy for you to do that.
I don't know where Tom put his suitcases.
Tom insisted he wasn't the one who did that.
It'll be easier to do that than you think.
I don't know where Tom is planning to go.
Tom injured himself while trying to do that.
It would be very irresponsible to do that.
I don't know what kind of food Tom likes.
Tom hung the wet clothes on the clothesline.
It would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I don't know what Tom thinks I should do.
Tom hung his wet clothes on the clothesline.
It would be stupid to do that by yourself.
I don't know the reason why Tom was late.
Tom hoped he wouldn't miss any more classes.
It would be interesting to try doing that.
I don't know anything about Tom's family.
Tom hasn't told us what he's supposed to do.
It would be fantastic if we could do that.
I don't have Tom's permission to do that.
Tom hasn't taken a shower since last Monday.
It would be disappointing if you did that.
I don't care who Tom goes to Boston with.
Tom hasn't done as much as you think he has.
It would be a terrible mistake to do that.
I don't care what kind of car Tom drives.
Tom has written several books on volleyball.
It was your children who were misbehaving.
I don't care what Tom does or doesn't do.
Tom has vowed that he won't do that anymore.
It was very kind of you to do that for us.
I don't care anymore what happens to Tom.
Tom has to be gone by the time we get there.
It was very considerate of you to do that.
I don't believe Tom would really do that.
Tom has survived three attempts on his life.
It took us years to complete that project.
I didn't warn Tom that this might happen.
Tom has run this restaurant for three years.
It should've been a lot easier to do that.
I didn't want to tell Tom where I'd been.
Tom has played the trombone for a few years.
It rained every day while I was in Boston.
I didn't want to show Tom how to do that.
Tom has planted roses in front of his house.
It probably won't be expensive to do that.
I didn't want to share my lunch with Tom.
Tom has managed to do that without any help.
It probably won't be dangerous to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to swim.
Tom has hardly studied at all this semester.
It isn't going to be very easy to do that.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that.
Tom has had plenty of time to get that done.
Is there a clock on your dining room wall?
I didn't think Tom would need to do that.
Tom has done everything we wanted him to do.
If you won't come to me, I'll come to you.
I didn't think Tom would like to do that.
Tom has been working for us for a long time.
If you don't me to do that again, I won't.
I didn't think Tom would like my friends.
Tom has been told to do that more than once.
If you do that every day, you'll get sick.
I didn't think Tom would let you do that.
Tom has been told that he needs to pay more.
If we had done that, it would've been fun.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that.
Tom has been told not to do that by himself.
If it's raining tomorrow, I won't do that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party.
Tom has been listening to the radio all day.
I've tried many different ways to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be that unlucky.
Tom has been in the garden planting flowers.
I've only lived in Boston for three years.
I didn't think Tom would be here so soon.
Tom has been in his room listening to music.
I've only been doing this for three hours.
I didn't think Tom would be back so soon.
Tom has been in Boston visiting his parents.
I've only been a widower for three months.
I didn't think Tom was interested in art.
Tom has been here for just over three years.
I've never been criticized for doing that.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that.
Tom has been getting a lot of the attention.
I've been playing chess since I was a kid.
I didn't tell Tom why I'd gone to Boston.
Tom has been doing that for three years now.
I've been having fun hanging out with you.
I didn't tell Tom why I had to work late.
Tom has been arrested three times this year.
I've already visited Boston several times.
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.
Tom has been advised to go on a strict diet.
I'm too smart to do something that stupid.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to know.
Tom has been accused of premeditated murder.
I'm the only one who knows how to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that this might happen.
Tom has asked me to show you how to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't pass the test.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't like him.
Tom had three daughters who became teachers.
I'm the only one here not able to do that.
I didn't realize Tom knew how to do that.
Tom had a second helping of mashed potatoes.
I'm the one responsible for what happened.
I didn't notice Tom hiding in the bushes.
Tom got very sick and has been hospitalized.
I'm really glad I wasn't asked to do that.
I didn't like Tom then and I still don't.
Tom goes to the hospital three times a week.
I'm not the only one who wants to do that.
I didn't know why Tom refused to do that.
Tom fell in love with a woman twice his age.
I'm not the only one who needs to do that.
I didn't know when Tom would be arriving.
Tom explained why he wasn't able to do that.
I'm not the only one permitted to do that.
I didn't know that you were Tom's sister.
Tom explained why he didn't want to do that.
I'm not sure whether I can do that or not.
I didn't know that you were Tom's cousin.
Tom expects us do the same thing he's doing.
I'm not likely go to Boston until October.
I didn't know that you loved Tom so much.
Tom eventually admitted that he'd done that.
I'm going to be quite happy here, I think.
I didn't know that you hated Tom so much.
Tom drank a whole bottle of wine by himself.
I'm glad we stayed in Boston an extra day.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be there.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he needs to do.
I'm glad I didn't go to Boston last month.
I didn't know that Tom wanted me to stay.
Tom doesn't want us to do that by ourselves.
I'll make sure that I never do that again.
I didn't know that Tom understood French.
Tom doesn't want to show you how to do that.
I'll go to Boston sometime before October.
I didn't know that Tom had so much money.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to do that.
I'll be very disappointed if that happens.
I didn't know Tom was such a good clarinetist.
Tom doesn't think you're allowed to do that.
I'll be the only one permitted to do that.
I didn't know Tom was living in the dorm.
Tom doesn't think we really need to do that.
I'll be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I didn't know Tom very well at that time.
Tom doesn't think we really have to do that.
I'd rather do that now before it gets hot.
I didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I'd go to Boston right away if I were you.
I didn't know Tom thought I should leave.
Tom doesn't think he's ready to do that yet.
I'd be very thankful if you could do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's permitted to do that.
I'd be very grateful if you could do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that today.
I'd be self-conscious if I had to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing that very well.
I'd be disappointed if you didn't do that.
I didn't know Tom and John were brothers.
Tom doesn't seem to be an easy-going person.
I wouldn't try doing that if I were drunk.
I didn't invite Tom to my birthday party.
Tom doesn't seem like he's much happier now.
I wouldn't be here if I didn't want to be.
I didn't help Tom as much as I should've.
Tom doesn't really want to do that, does he?
I wouldn't be here if I didn't need to be.
I didn't have to wait for Tom, but I did.
Tom doesn't really need to do that, does he?
I would've done that if you'd asked me to.
I didn't give Tom the money he asked for.
Tom doesn't really have to do that, does he?
I wonder if doing that would be dangerous.
I didn't give Tom anything for Christmas.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that anymore.
I won't permit you to continue doing that.
I didn't expect to fall in love with Tom.
Tom doesn't need to get up so early anymore.
I won't go swimming unless you go with me.
I didn't expect Tom to refuse to do that.
Tom doesn't need any help with his homework.
I wish you loved me as much as I love you.
I didn't expect Tom to react like he did.
Tom doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
I wish there were more I could do to help.
I didn't buy Tom what I promised I'd buy.
Tom doesn't leave the house without his dog.
I wish I'd listened to my father's advice.
I didn't apologize to Tom for doing that.
Tom doesn't know why you want me to do that.
I wish I'd been healthy enough to do that.
I didn't actually do what Tom said I did.
Tom doesn't know what you're planning to do.
I wish I had the chance to try doing that.
I did my best to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't know what to expect around here.
I was hoping you'd show me how to do that.
I did almost the same thing that Tom did.
Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I crept downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
I want to stay with you until next Monday.
I could never forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom doesn't know much about classical music.
I want to see you in my office right away.
I can't speak French and neither can Tom.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I want to know when you're going to start.
I can't believe Tom would really do that.
Tom doesn't have much money, but he gets by.
I want to know when you're going to leave.
I bought this car from Tom for only $300.
Tom doesn't have much experience doing that.
I want to know when we're going to Boston.
I bet Tom won't go to Boston next summer.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as I do.
I want to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
I assume Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't eat any fish except canned tuna.
Tom doesn't care whether you do that or not.
I want to know how much ice cream you ate.
How many months has Tom spent doing that?
Tom doesn't appear to be having a good time.
I usually use margarine instead of butter.
How many minutes has Tom been doing that?
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston anymore.
I understand that you've begun to do that.
How many hours do you think Tom did that?
Tom does almost everything he's asked to do.
I try to always remember to say thank you.
How many days did it take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I thought you'd be doing that by yourself.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with him.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that.
How did you persuade Tom to go to Boston?
Tom didn't think it would be a long meeting.
I thought you weren't finished doing that.
How did you know what else Tom had to do?
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted to do that.
I thought you said you'd probably do that.
How did you convince Tom to go to Boston?
Tom didn't tell me why he needed to do that.
I thought you said you'd do that tomorrow.
Have you already told Tom how to do that?
Tom didn't seem to know about what happened.
I thought you said you'd do that for sure.
Everything that happened was Tom's fault.
Tom didn't seem amused by what was going on.
I thought you said you'd do that for free.
Doing that would probably make Tom happy.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that.
I thought you said you only did that once.
Doing that got Tom three years in prison.
Tom didn't know that I was a French teacher.
I thought you said you had fun doing that.
Does Tom still go to Boston every summer?
Tom didn't know he no longer had to do that.
I thought you said you enjoyed doing that.
Does Tom have to stay in Boston all week?
Tom didn't know he had done something wrong.
I thought you said you did that on Monday.
Do you think Tom would permit me do that?
Tom didn't know anything about this, did he?
I thought that I wouldn't need to do that.
Do you know the reason why Tom is crying?
Tom didn't do everything we asked him to do.
I thought that I wouldn't have to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom used to do that?
Tom didn't actually want to do that, did he?
I thought it would be possible to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom owned a scooter?
Tom did that in only a fraction of a second.
I thought doing that might be a good idea.
Didn't you know that Tom moved to Boston?
Tom did everything he promised to do for me.
I thought I'd be able to help you do that.
Didn't you know Tom was still doing that?
Tom denies that he was the one who did that.
I thought I was smarter than anybody else.
Didn't you know Tom was living in Boston?
Tom denied that he was the one who did that.
I thought I was going to have a good time.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be late?
Tom deleted all the pictures from his phone.
I think you'd probably be able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was allergic to nuts?
Tom couldn't have done that without my help.
I think we ought to be speaking in French.
Didn't you know Tom lived on Park Street?
Tom couldn't figure out how to open the box.
I think it's probably possible to do that.
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like driving?
Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
I think it's probably not wise to do that.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like baseball?
Tom could've done that, but he chose not to.
I think it's probably not safe to do that.
Did you know that Tom saw you doing that?
Tom could've done that if he'd tried harder.
I think it's probably not easy to do that.
Did you know that Tom owned a motorcycle?
Tom could've been troubled by what happened.
I think it would be a bad idea to do that.
Did you know Tom would refuse to do that?
Tom could've been first if he'd asked to be.
I think I should send a letter of apology.
Did you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom could probably teach you how to do that.
I think I might not have to do that again.
Did you know Tom was planning to do that?
Tom could be self-conscious, but I doubt it.
I think I might not be allowed to do that.
Did you know Tom was allergic to peanuts?
Tom cooks for us three or four times a week.
I think I might have to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom had relatives in Boston?
Tom complained about pain in his lower back.
I sure wouldn't want to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
Tom complained about how salty the food was.
I sure I won't be the last one to do that.
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with him?
Tom clapped his hands and the light came on.
I sure I won't be allowed to do that here.
You're the only person who can help Tom.
Tom came into the room and started shouting.
I still have a lot of things I want to do.
You're a lot older than Tom, aren't you?
Tom burned all the letters in the fireplace.
I still have a lot of things I need to do.
You wouldn't let Tom do that, would you?
Tom buried the stolen money in his backyard.
I still have a lot of things I have to do.
You won't be able to get Tom to do that.
Tom beat the rug with his old tennis racket.
I still go to Boston several times a year.
You think Tom should do that, don't you?
Tom asked me why I didn't come to his party.
I shouldn't have permitted you to do that.
You shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Tom asked if he really had to do that today.
I shouldn't have gone to Boston by myself.
You should've stayed in Boston with Tom.
Tom asked if he had to do that this morning.
I should've gone to the dentist last week.
You should've asked Tom why he did that.
Tom and his parents are in Boston this week.
I should've been the first one to do that.
You should tell Tom you want to do that.
Tom and his mother are waiting on the porch.
I should be gone by the time you get here.
You should tell Tom you need to do that.
Tom and I work together at the same company.
I sat as close to the fire as I could get.
You should tell Tom you have to do that.
Tom and I were the last two people to leave.
I really don't want to go to school today.
You should tell Tom he needs to do that.
Tom and I wanted to go on a picnic together.
I really don't feel like doing that today.
You should probably tell Tom to do that.
Tom and I studied French together yesterday.
I realize I don't have to do that anymore.
You should give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom and I sometimes play badminton together.
I pretended that I didn't know the answer.
You should do that before Tom gets here.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the bus.
I plan to study in Boston for three years.
You knew Tom should do that, didn't you?
Tom and I have been enemies for a long time.
I only have three fish in my aquarium now.
You knew Tom had to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I don't very often do that together.
I never thought I'd need to do that again.
You hope Tom doesn't do that, don't you?
Tom and I don't speak to each other anymore.
I never thought I'd have to do that again.
You expected Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I don't like the same kind of music.
I needed some cash, so I went to the bank.
You don't think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom and I don't know what we should do next.
I need to find a solution to that problem.
You don't really understand Tom, do you?
Tom and I didn't say anything to each other.
I might stay in Boston for a night or two.
You don't know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are having a party tomorrow night.
I may need to stay in Boston until Monday.
You don't know how Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are going to a dance this evening.
I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror.
You don't expect Tom to do that, do you?
Tom and I are getting ready to go to Boston.
I hope you don't get fired for doing that.
You don't do that the same way Tom does.
Tom and I almost never do anything together.
I hope you don't get fined for doing that.
You don't care if Tom does that, do you?
Tom always seems to be using his smartphone.
I hope you can come to Boston next summer.
You do hope Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom always leaves for work just before 6:30.
I hope that I don't have to do that again.
You didn't tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom always does that when he goes to Boston.
I haven't yet done what you told me to do.
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom almost killed himself trying to do that.
I haven't yet done everything I should do.
You can likely talk Tom into doing that.
Tom advised me on which stocks I should buy.
I have to find a solution to that problem.
Why isn't Tom coming to Boston with you?
Tom Jackson is one of my favorite comedians.
I go to Boston three or four times a year.
Why is Tom afraid to swim in this river?
Tom's parents got divorced three years ago.
I found the sunglasses I thought I'd lost.
Why don't you want to go to Tom's party?
Tom's office doesn't look like mine at all.
I felt ashamed because I couldn't do that.
Who told you Tom would enjoy doing that?
Tom wouldn't let me do what I wanted to do.
I doubt that if can do that, but I'll try.
Who told you Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom wouldn't have permitted you to do that.
I doubt that I'll get a chance to do that.
Who told you Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom wouldn't have let his children do that.
I don't yet know exactly what I should do.
Who told you Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom wouldn't be happy if he had to do that.
I don't want to think about the situation.
Who did Tom say went to Boston with him?
Tom would like to ask you how you did that.
I don't want to stop doing what I'm doing.
When did you find out Tom had been hurt?
Tom worked for three hours without a break.
I don't want to stay in Boston any longer.
What was Tom doing in Boston last month?
Tom won't likely try to do that on his own.
I don't want to make a big deal out of it.
Were you with Tom when he broke his leg?
Tom won't likely be through doing that yet.
I don't want to do that without some help.
We need to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next weekend.
I don't want to do that as much as you do.
We have to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom won't likely be annoyed if you do that.
I don't want anyone to know that I'm rich.
We have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom won't forgive you if you do that again.
I don't understand why I ought to do that.
The last time I saw Tom he was barefoot.
Tom won't be very interested in doing that.
I don't think you should agree to do that.
That's exactly what Tom said to me, too.
Tom won't be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't think we're capable of doing that.
Please tell Tom he should wear a helmet.
Tom won't be ready to do that until Monday.
I don't think that'll happen anytime soon.
Please tell Tom he has to do that today.
Tom will probably be ready to do that soon.
I don't think it's a good idea to do that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to wait.
Tom will probably be in Boston next Monday.
I don't think it would be safe to do that.
Please tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom will probably be determined to do that.
I don't think it would be rude to do that.
Please tell Tom I need to do that today.
Tom will never permit you to do that again.
I don't think it would be easy to do that.
Please tell Tom I don't need to do that.
Tom will likely be tired when he gets home.
I don't think I'll be in Boston next week.
Please tell Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom will likely be the next one to do that.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that.
Please find out what Tom wants us to do.
Tom will likely be the last one to do that.
I don't think I should go there by myself.
Please do that with Tom or someone else.
Tom will likely be excused from doing that.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play tennis anymore.
Tom will catch the next bus to the airport.
I don't think I could ever commit suicide.
Maybe Tom won't finish doing that today.
Tom will be very careful when he does that.
I don't remember where I left my umbrella.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
I don't really want to go to school today.
It's uncertain whether Tom will do that.
Tom will be punished if he does that again.
I don't really feel like doing that today.
It's been decided that Tom will do that.
Tom will be miserable in this kind of heat.
I don't play tennis as often as I used to.
It took Tom over three hours to do that.
Tom will be leaving for Australia tomorrow.
I don't need to know who gave that to you.
It seems that Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom will be absent both today and tomorrow.
I don't like to leave anything unfinished.
It looks like Tom knows what he's doing.
Tom will be able to do that today, I think.
I don't like sitting in the back of a bus.
It looks like Tom is having a good time.
Tom went to Boston to promote his new book.
I don't like people telling me what to do.
It looks like Tom has lost a few pounds.
Tom wasn't the only one who had to do that.
I don't like being told when to go to bed.
Is Tom going to play the guitar tonight?
Tom wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
I don't know who to give this envelope to.
If you don't do that, Tom will be upset.
Tom wasn't the first one to try to do that.
I don't know whether I can do that or not.
If it rains, Tom probably won't do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that, but he did.
I don't know what time I need to be there.
If Tom can do that, I probably can, too.
Tom was trying to ignore what was going on.
I don't know what I'm doing half the time.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that again.
Tom was the only other person who did that.
I don't know anything about the situation.
I've been asked not to help Tom do that.
Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
I don't have to go there unless I want to.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Tom was the only one who needed to do that.
I don't have enough time to do that today.
I'm the one who told Tom how to do that.
Tom was the one who inspired me to do that.
I don't have enough money to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom will permit you to do that.
Tom was the one who helped me buy this car.
I don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I'm sure Tom will be fascinated by that.
Tom was the first one to decide to do that.
I don't have as much experience as you do.
I'm sure Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom was my neighbor when I lived in Boston.
I don't have any time, so I won't do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be outside.
Tom was much taller than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any friends who speak French.
I'm really glad that Tom didn't do that.
Tom was much busier than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any friends who like camping.
I'm pretty sure it was Tom who did that.
Tom was much bigger than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any enemies I can't think of.
I'm glad Tom is here to help us do that.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't need to do that.
I didn't want to spend all day doing that.
I'll make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
I didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I'll help Tom figure out how to do that.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't need to do that.
I didn't want to sell any of my paintings.
I'd never do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't have to do that.
I didn't want to jump into the cold water.
I'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
Tom was doing that all yesterday afternoon.
I didn't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I'd help Tom do that if he wanted me to.
Tom was already doing that when I got here.
I didn't want to call attention to myself.
I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston.
I didn't want to admit I couldn't do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom did that.
Tom very seldom does that in the afternoon.
I didn't want anyone to see me doing that.
I wonder why Tom never learned to drive.
Tom very frequently does that after dinner.
I didn't think you'd be busy this morning.
I wonder why Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom tried to discourage me from doing that.
I didn't think we were violating any laws.
I wonder why Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he's reluctant to do that.
I didn't think that movie was interesting.
I wonder whether Tom did that yesterday.
Tom told me that he's motivated to do that.
I didn't see any bullet holes in the wall.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that.
Tom told me that he's desperate to do that.
I didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
Tom told me that he'll be here early today.
I didn't really think I'd need to do that.
I went downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
Tom told me that he thought I looked drunk.
I didn't really think I'd have to do that.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom do that.
Tom told me that he had decided to do that.
I didn't really think I needed to do that.
I was surprised that Tom had to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that by himself.
I didn't really feel like drinking coffee.
I was impressed by the way Tom did that.
Tom told me he was sick, which wasn't true.
I didn't realize that there was a problem.
I wanted all the same things Tom wanted.
Tom told me he sells about cars a year.
I didn't pay any attention to the warning.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom told me he needed to borrow some money.
I didn't notice that my shoes were untied.
I want to know if you've heard from Tom.
Tom told me he didn't have time to do that.
I didn't notice that I was being followed.
I want to know how much money Tom spent.
Tom told me he didn't feel like doing that.
I didn't like to do that when I was a kid.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston.
Tom told me I could do that if I wanted to.
I didn't know you were living in the dorm.
I told Tom that I thought I had the flu.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't know who to give the envelope to.
I told Tom that I don't have to do that.
Tom taught me how to swim the breaststroke.
I didn't know that the deadline was today.
I told Tom I wouldn't be at the meeting.
Tom succeeded because he had a lot of help.
I didn't know that I had to do that today.
I told Tom I thought I couldn't do that.
Tom still hasn't given me what I asked for.
I didn't know Mary and Alice were sisters.
I told Tom I don't have time to do that.
Tom still has a lot of things he has to do.
I didn't have to get up as early as I did.
I told Tom I didn't need to do anything.
Tom still doesn't want to do that, does he?
I didn't have time to do what I had to do.
I told Tom I didn't know where he lived.
Tom still doesn't need to do that, does he?
I didn't have time to do the job properly.
I told Tom I didn't have to do anything.
Tom still doesn't have to do that, does he?
I didn't have the right tools for the job.
I told Tom I didn't have anything to do.
Tom stayed up until 2:last Monday night.
I didn't have the nerve to tell the truth.
I thought Tom would be more cooperative.
Tom spent the whole day listening to music.
I didn't have permission to do what I did.
I thought Tom would be happy to do that.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in a coma.
I didn't have enough money to take a taxi.
I thought Tom would be able to help you.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in Boston.
I didn't have enough money to pay my rent.
I thought Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
Tom spent a lot of money on his sports car.
I didn't have any idea how long I'd slept.
I thought Tom wasn't doing that anymore.
Tom slipped while he was crossing the road.
I didn't go to sleep till late that night.
I thought Tom was going to be all alone.
Tom shouldn't have been allowed to do that.
I didn't drink much at last night's party.
I thought Tom might not want to do that.
Tom should've put on more sunscreen.
I didn't do that because I didn't want to.
I thought Tom might not need to do that.
Tom should've done much better than he did.
I didn't do everything you asked me to do.
I thought Tom might not have to do that.
Tom should've been the next one to do that.
I didn't buy as much as I thought I'd buy.
I thought Tom looked nervous doing that.
Tom should've been the last one to do that.
I couldn't move the heavy trunk by myself.
I thought Tom knew what we wanted to do.
Tom should've been forgiven for doing that.
I couldn't have done that by without help.
I thought Tom knew what we needed to do.
Tom should've been excused from doing that.
I couldn't do that because I was too busy.
I thought Tom knew what the problem was.
Tom should've been able to do that for you.
I could get injured if I tried to do that.
I thought Tom knew what he needed to do.
Tom should've been able to do that as well.
I could get injured if I tried doing that.
I think that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom should go ahead and do that by himself.
I can't remember where I buried the money.
I think Tom wouldn't be pleased by that.
Tom should consider not doing that anymore.
I can do that right now if you want me to.
I think Tom would like to quit his job.
Tom should be pretty good at French by now.
I believe I can do that without your help.
I think Tom would like to do that again.
Tom should be glad he's not here in Boston.
I almost never do that when I'm in Boston.
I think Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom seriously needs to consider doing that.
How many years did it take you to do that?
I think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom seems to be playing games all the time.
I think Tom would be fascinated by that.
Tom seems to be aware of what he has to do.
How many weeks will it take us to do that?
I think Tom would be afraid of your dog.
Tom seems to be a little bit unhappy today.
How many weeks did it take you to do that?
I think Tom won't be tempted to do that.
Tom seems convinced that he has to do that.
How many weeks did it take you to do that.
I think Tom won't be nervous doing that.
Tom seemed to know all about what happened.
How many trees did you cut down yesterday?
I think Tom won't be frightened by that.
Tom seemed to be very concerned about that.
How many times a year do you go to Boston?
I think Tom will probably do that later.
Tom says that the noise doesn't bother him.
How many times a week do you study French?
I think Tom will be in Boston next week.
Tom says he thinks he can probably do that.
How many pairs of white socks do you have?
I think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom says he really likes his new job a lot.
How many months have you spent doing that?
I think Tom might want to do that today.
Tom says he plans to vote for the proposal.
How many minutes have you been doing that?
I think Tom is the only vegetarian here.
Tom says he isn't interested in doing that.
How many hours will it take us to do that?
I think Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom says he has no intention of doing that.
How many hours did it take you to do that?
I think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
Tom says he doesn't want to see that movie.
I think Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to live in Boston.
How many days will it take you to do that?
I think Tom could've refused to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that.
How many chapters did you read last night?
I think Tom could tell you who did that.
Tom says he doesn't think I should do that.
How many bags of marshmallows did you buy?
I think Tom could go to Boston with you.
Tom says he doesn't really know what to do.
How long will it take us to get to Boston?
I think Tom could end up being arrested.
Tom says he doesn't know what he should do.
How did you know what else I needed to do?
I think Tom could easily have done that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he has to do.
How did you know I wanted to be in Boston?
I think Mr. Jackson's first name is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that either.
Have you ever been absent from this class?
I think I already know why Tom did that.
Tom says he definitely won't do that today.
Even I can do something as simple as that.
I still sometimes speak French with Tom.
Tom says he definitely won't do that again.
Doing that would be the wrong thing to do.
I still haven't told Tom how to do that.
Tom says a solution needs to be found soon.
Doing that will take at least three hours.
I should've told Tom that I was married.
Tom sat down and pulled out his smartphone.
Doing that seems like a stupid idea to me.
I should've told Tom about that earlier.
Tom said trying to do that was frustrating.
Doing that likely won't be so interesting.
I should've sung the song Tom requested.
Tom said three of those boys would help us.
Do you think you would be able to do that?
I should've given Tom what he asked for.
Tom said there's nothing he can do to help.
Do you think you can do that without help?
I should've done what Tom told me to do.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do.
Do you think they'll permit us to do that?
I should've asked Tom to do that for me.
Tom said the pain started three months ago.
Do you really want to do that by yourself?
I should've asked Tom before I did that.
Tom said the heat didn't bother him at all.
Do you really think it's wrong to do that?
I should tell Tom what needs to be done.
Tom said the game seemed to last for hours.
Do you really think it's smart to do that?
I should tell Tom what I want him to do.
Tom said the decision was made by his boss.
Do you really think it's silly to do that?
I should tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom said the cold didn't bother him at all.
Do you really think it's risky to do that?
I should probably tell Tom I'll do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen again.
Do you know what this is called in French?
I should just tell Tom I made a mistake.
Tom said that wasn't who we thought it was.
Do you know what happened in Boston today?
I said almost the same thing as Tom did.
Tom said that he's been wanting to do that.
Do you know how much a kilo of rice costs?
I really don't think Tom has to do that.
Tom said that he's been very busy all week.
Do you ever stay out until after midnight?
I really don't think Tom had to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't doing that anymore.
Do you ever do that when you're in Boston?
I often help Tom, but he never helps me.
Tom said that he wanted to see the manager.
Do you believe there's a life after death?
I never thought Tom would do that again.
Tom said that he needed to see the manager.
Didn't you know there was a meeting today?
I never thought I'd see Tom smile again.
Tom said many people have been complaining.
Didn't I tell you that you had to do that?
I never thought I'd see Tom happy again.
Tom said it's been fun hanging out with us.
Didn't I tell you not to worry about that?
I love Tom and I think he loves me, too.
Tom said it was his first traffic accident.
Didn't I tell you I wouldn't go to Boston?
I let Tom know I didn't know what to do.
Tom said it should've been easy to do that.
Did you want to do that with me yesterday?
I let Tom go to Boston with his friends.
Tom said his schedule will probably change.
Did you know you could get there by train?
I know why Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom said he's tried doing that three times.
Did you know this building had a basement?
I know where Tom learned how to do that.
Tom said he's really glad he could do that.
Could you show me a better way to do that?
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that.
Tom said he's glad he was asked to do that.
Both of my parents were born in Australia.
I know that Tom isn't afraid to do that.
Tom said he's determined to do that for us.
Both of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
I know that Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom said he's been forgiven for doing that.
Are you planning to return to Boston soon?
I know that Tom has finished doing that.
Tom said he's been asked not do that again.
Are you going to do that even if it rains?
I know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he'll do that in a couple of days.
Are there any department stores near here?
I know that Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he'll be the first one to do that.
Are both of your grandfathers still alive?
I know that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he'd definitely do that this week.
Am I the only one who was able to do that?
I know Tom won't go to Boston next week.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for us.
About how many hours a day do you do that?
I know Tom can't speak French very well.
Tom said he'd be in his office all morning.
A majority of the people here can do that.
I knew Tom would likely want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that again.
"Did you do that yesterday?" "Yes, I did."
I knew Tom would likely have to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Your name doesn't seem to be on the list.
I knew Tom might be required to do that.
Tom said he would be able to do that today.
Your advice has always been very helpful.
I hope that Tom will be able to do that.
Tom said he wished you knew how to do that.
You're too scared to do that, aren't you?
I hope Tom will come to Boston with you.
Tom said he wished he hadn't eaten so much.
You're the ugliest person I've ever seen.
I hope Tom knows who's going to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't drunk so much.
You're the smartest student in our class.
I hope Tom knows when he has to do that.
Tom said he wasn't likely to do that today.
You're the person we've been looking for.
I hope Tom is willing to do that for me.
Tom said he wasn't good at speaking French.
You're the only one who wants to do that.
I hope Tom is coming to Boston with you.
Tom said he was willing to wait until 2:30.
You're the only one who needs to do that.
I hope Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said he was willing to help us do that.
You're the only one who knows what to do.
I hope Tom doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom said he was too tired to help us today.
You're still able to do that, aren't you?
I hope I don't die the same way Tom did.
Tom said he was told to do that by himself.
You're one of the smartest people I know.
I heard that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom said he was going to do that yesterday.
You're not the only one who has a camera.
I heard that Tom got injured doing that.
Tom said he was enjoying himself in Boston.
You're not going to do that now, are you?
I heard Tom is going to quit doing that.
Tom said he was asked not to do that again.
You're not allowed to take pictures here.
I haven't yet asked Tom for his opinion.
Tom said he wanted to learn how to do that.
You're not a very good salesman, are you?
I haven't seen Tom for over three years.
Tom said he thought that would happen soon.
You're capable of doing that, aren't you?
I happened to be on the same bus as Tom.
Tom said he thought it would rain tomorrow.
You're being made to do that, aren't you?
I guess Tom will have to do that for us.
Tom said he thought it would probably snow.
You're a construction worker, aren't you?
I expect you to do the same thing Tom does.
Tom said he thought he knew how to do that.
You'll get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
I expect that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he could do that today.
You'll do that in the morning, won't you?
I expect Tom will do that at about 2:30.
Tom said he thought doing that would be OK.
You'll do that again tomorrow, won't you?
I doubt very much that Tom will do that.
Tom said he thought I should buy a new car.
You'll be able to do that today, I think.
I doubt that Tom will be home on Monday.
Tom said he thinks there's no life on Mars.
You'd never ask me to do that, would you?
I doubt that Tom has actually done that.
Tom said he never wanted to be a policeman.
You'd look pretty stupid if you did that.
I don't want you to tell Tom about that.
Tom said he never had to worry about money.
You'd better do that while you still can.
I don't want to show Tom how to do that.
Tom said he needed to learn how to do that.
You wouldn't actually do that, would you?
I don't want to share my lunch with Tom.
Tom said he might not study French anymore.
You won't do that anytime soon, will you?
I don't want Tom to know what I've done.
Tom said he isn't going to help us do that.
You won't be given the chance to do that.
I don't want Tom to babysit my children.
Tom said he hopes to continue working here.
You won't be allowed to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will ever get married.
Tom said he had his reasons for doing that.
You won't be allowed to do that anywhere.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that.
Tom said he got really tired of doing that.
You won't be able to do that on your own.
I don't think Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said he doesn't usually lock his house.
You won't be able to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom will actually do that.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that at all.
You weren't at home last night, were you?
I don't think Tom wants to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't live in Boston anymore.
You were supposed to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom really has to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to help us do that.
You were skinny the first time I met you.
I don't think Tom really had to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with us.
You used to enjoy doing that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is through doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that anymore.
You used to be a park ranger, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is being very helpful.
You thought I should do that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is allowed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that would happen.
You thought I had to do that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom can understand French.
Tom said he didn't sleep much Monday night.
You think that we can do that, don't you?
I don't really think Tom has to do that.
Tom said he didn't sleep a wink last night.
You think I wanted to do that, don't you?
I don't really think Tom had to do that.
Tom said he didn't need to do that anymore.
You think I shouldn't do that, don't you?
I don't need to worry about Tom anymore.
Tom said he didn't know who he could trust.
You think I needed to do that, don't you?
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to pay that bill.
You're the one who suggested that we do that right away.
I don't need to know where Tom is going.
Tom said he didn't have to do that anymore.
You suggested that I not do that anymore.
I don't need to do that. Tom will do it.
Tom said he didn't have any fun doing that.
You still do that quite often, don't you?
I don't love Tom as much as he loves me.
Tom said he didn't have a driver's license.
You should've told your parents about it.
I don't like the way Tom treats his dog.
Tom said he could probably help us do that.
You should be finished doing that by now.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at my party.
Tom said he could do that without any help.
You should be able to do that if you try.
I don't know why Tom wanted me to leave.
Tom said doing that shouldn't be a problem.
You seem to be very full of energy today.
I don't know why Tom refused to do that.
Tom said I looked like a basketball player.
You ride your bicycle to work, don't you?
I don't know why Tom is in the hospital.
Tom said I didn't sound entirely convinced.
You often do that by yourself, don't you?
I don't know whether Tom is safe or not.
Tom regrets that he wasn't able to do that.
You never do that in the morning, do you?
I don't know where Tom will be tomorrow.
Tom refused to tell me what I needed to do.
You might need to go to Boston next week.
I don't know where Tom wants to do that.
Tom really wanted to go to Boston with you.
You might have to go to Boston next week.
I don't know when Tom will visit Boston.
Tom pulled out his key and opened the door.
You might get hurt if I tried doing that.
I don't know when Tom will leave Boston.
Tom published a book in about dieting.
You may have as many cookies as you want.
I don't know when Tom plans to get here.
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.
You may do that right now if you want to.
I don't know what kind of person Tom is.
Tom promised me he'd help me clean my room.
You know why I had to do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom's intentions were.
Tom probably won't need to do that anymore.
You know why I didn't do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom is supposed to do.
Tom probably won't have to do that anymore.
You know that I won't do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom does for a living.
Tom probably won't be charged with perjury.
You knew I shouldn't do that, didn't you?
I don't know how well Tom speaks French.
Tom probably won't be back by October 20th.
You knew I needed to do that, didn't you?
I don't have to worry about Tom anymore.
Tom probably isn't in the hospital anymore.
You hope I'm going to do that, don't you?
I don't have to tell Tom how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that again.
You haven't stopped doing that, have you?
I don't have to do that. Tom will do it.
Tom probably doesn't know why you did that.
You haven't forgotten anything, have you?
I don't have time to help Tom right now.
Tom probably doesn't know much about birds.
You haven't done that recently, have you?
I don't have as many stamps as Tom does.
Tom probably doesn't know how to play jazz.
You haven't done that in years, have you?
I don't eat meat and Tom doesn't either.
Tom probably couldn't do that without help.
You have to do that before it's too late.
I don't care what happens, but Tom does.
Tom plays both the saxophone and the flute.
You get very talkative when you're drunk.
I don't believe Tom. I think he's lying.
Tom plans to start working here in October.
You get paid a lot to do that, don't you?
I didn't want to tell Tom how old I was.
Tom picked me up on his way home from work.
You don't want us to do that now, do you?
I didn't want to invite Tom to my party.
Tom must've known this was going to happen.
You don't want to do that either, do you?
I didn't want to help Tom do that today.
Tom must've been amused by what's going on.
You don't think we could do that, do you?
I didn't want to help Tom do that again.
Tom may want to go to Boston for Christmas.
You don't think I should do that, do you?
I didn't want to go, but Tom made me go.
Tom may not want to do that, but he has to.
You don't really want to do that, do you?
I didn't want to be seen talking to Tom.
Tom may not be willing to buy that for you.
You don't really need to do that, do you?
I didn't want anyone to see me with Tom.
Tom may have as much ice cream as he wants.
You don't really like doing that, do you?
I didn't want Tom to think I was a wimp.
Tom made up his mind to do that by himself.
You don't really have to do that, do you?
I didn't want Tom to think I was a jerk.
Tom looked everywhere except in the closet.
You don't need to make that decision now.
I didn't think that would embarrass Tom.
Tom knows he's not supposed to eat peanuts.
You don't need our permission to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew what to do.
Tom joined our band as the drummer in 2013.
You don't like the way I do that, do you?
I didn't think Tom's idea was very good.
Tom isn't old enough to know the truth yet.
You don't like it when I do that, do you?
I didn't think Tom would really do that.
Tom isn't likely to go to camp this summer.
You don't have to tell me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would let me do that.
Tom isn't likely to be there for very long.
You don't have our permission to do that.
I didn't think Tom would catch any fish.
Tom isn't likely to be called as a witness.
You don't do that as often as you should.
I didn't think Tom would be so careless.
Tom isn't likely to be home on Monday.
You didn't look like you were interested.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed.
Tom is way too young to do that by himself.
You didn't look like you were frightened.
I didn't think Tom would be disobedient.
Tom is very likely to pass the examination.
You didn't have time to do that, did you?
I didn't think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom is trying to figure that out right now.
You didn't even apologize for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative.
Tom is the only person here that I trust.
You didn't do that very quickly, did you?
I didn't think Tom was ready to do that.
Tom is the only one who enjoyed doing that.
You didn't do that deliberately, did you?
I didn't tell Tom who my girlfriend was.
Tom is the only one who doesn't look happy.
You did that for a long time, didn't you?
I didn't tell Tom what my last name was.
Tom is the only one here who can't do that.
You did that for a few years, didn't you?
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to buy.
Tom is the last person I want to see today.
You could do that today if you wanted to.
I didn't tell Tom what I couldn't eat.
Tom is supposed to be doing that right now.
You could do that again if you wanted to.
I didn't tell Tom the reason I was late.
Tom is rich enough to do anything he wants.
You can do that wherever you want, right?
I didn't tell Tom that I had to do that.
Tom is rich enough to buy any car he wants.
You can do that right now if you want to.
I didn't tell Tom I was already married.
Tom is one of the best players on our team.
You aren't permitted to do that anywhere.
I didn't send Tom any letters last year.
Tom is much more dangerous than we thought.
Will you please pass the salt and pepper?
I didn't really think Tom would do that.
Tom is likely to figure out how to do that.
Why don't you try doing that by yourself?
I didn't really think Tom could do that.
Tom is likely to be immune to that disease.
I didn't pay attention to what Tom said.
Tom is likely not to be willing to do that.
Why do you think Mary is an unusual girl?
I didn't let Tom get away with anything.
Tom is having a nice time with his friends.
Why do we permit our students to do that?
I didn't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom is happily married with three children.
Why didn't you want to do that yesterday?
I didn't know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom is going to be very successful someday.
Why aren't you going to the office today?
I didn't know who Tom was going to meet.
Tom is due to be sentenced on October 20th.
Where will you be during summer vacation?
I didn't know where Tom was going to go.
Tom is due to be arraigned on October 20th.
Where do you want to spend your vacation?
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to go.
Tom is always at least thirty minutes late.
When did you start trying to lose weight?
I didn't know what Tom was trying to do.
Tom is actually a very good French speaker.
Whatever you do, don't forget to do that.
I didn't know what Tom was going to say.
Tom is about to run out of his medications.
What's the last thing you remember doing?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to say.
Tom is a lawyer like his father used to be.
What would you like to do this afternoon?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to buy.
Tom is a good cook, but I think I'm better.
What website do you visit the most often?
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia.
Tom hoped to get a chance to do that again.
What kind of response were you expecting?
I didn't know that Tom had so many cats.
Tom hasn't told me why he wants to do that.
What kind of clothes do you usually wear?
I didn't know if Tom could do it or not.
Tom hasn't told me why he needs to do that.
What do you like to do with your friends?
I didn't know Tom would have to do that.
Tom hasn't realized that he's made a mistake.
What are some countries you have visited?
I didn't know Tom would do that so well.
Tom has trouble remembering people's names.
We've decided to go to Boston in October.
I didn't know Tom was going to be fired.
Tom has three times as many stamps as I do.
We're fortunate that we can do that here.
I didn't know Tom had already done that.
Tom has started working as a house painter.
We'd be lucky if we were able to do that.
I didn't know I had to help Tom do that.
Tom has started looking for work in Boston.
We won't be going to Boston anytime soon.
I didn't expect to see Tom at the party.
Tom has seen that happen many times before.
We should go to Boston together sometime.
I didn't ask Tom which one he preferred.
Tom has promised to never to do that again.
We should go to Boston as soon as we can.
I did that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom has never met any of his grandchildren.
We might need to go to Boston next month.
I did everything the way Tom told me to.
Tom has managed to do what he needed to do.
We might live in Boston for another year.
I did almost the same thing as Tom did.
Tom has lost a lot of weight since October.
We just lived in Boston for a short time.
I decorated the Christmas tree with Tom.
Tom has lived in Boston for his whole life.
We have a meeting this afternoon at 2:30.
I can't remember what Tom told me to do.
Tom has likely already forgotten your name.
We got a lot of criticism for doing that.
I can't believe you called Tom an idiot.
Tom has finally figured out how to do that.
We don't usually get this much snow here.
I can't believe you called Tom a coward.
Tom has done that for the last three years.
Very few people actually do that anymore.
I can't believe Tom did that by himself.
Tom has done everything we asked him to do.
Tomorrow would be a good time to do that.
How many years has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has done a lot of really stupid things.
This is the second time you've done that.
How many weeks has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has definitely gotten better at French.
They've already hired everyone they need.
How many times an hour does Tom do that?
Tom has decided to do that a different way.
There's only one more thing I have to do.
How many times a night does Tom do that?
Tom has decided not to continue doing that.
There's just one more thing I have to do.
How many times a month does Tom do that?
Tom has decided he doesn't want to do that.
There was nothing we could do about that.
How many months has Tom been doing that?
Tom has come to all of my birthday parties.
The police said there were no casualties.
How many hours has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has been told that he needs to do that.
The librarian said we needed to be quiet.
How long did you and Tom stay in Boston?
Tom has been told he needs to wear goggles.
That's the only thing I want to do today.
How did you know Tom would be in Boston?
Tom has been living in Boston way too long.
That's the best idea I've heard all week.
How did you get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom has been in a coma for thirty days now.
That's a very inefficient way to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom has been in Boston for three years now.
That'll likely happen sometime next week.
Do you think Tom will permit me do that?
Tom has been here for at least three years.
That was my first time to eat horse meat.
Do you think Tom might be too confident?
Tom has been having a hard time doing that.
Perhaps you don't really need to do that.
Do you think Tom is finished doing that?
Tom has been doing that since he was a kid.
Perhaps you don't really have to do that.
Do you think I could get Tom to do that?
Tom has already said that he won't do that.
People around here don't usually do that.
Do you mean you didn't do that with Tom?
Tom has advised me not to start doing that.
Our team is the worst team in the league.
Do you know whether Tom did that or not?
Tom has a girlfriend who's very possessive.
Next time I'll have to do that by myself.
Do you know the reason why Tom was late?
Tom has a degree in mechanical engineering.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that.
Do you have any idea what Tom has to do?
Tom happened to have the day off yesterday.
My house is the third house on the right.
Didn't you know that Tom would be there?
Most people here don't understand French.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't Canadian?
Tom got nervous when he saw the police car.
Most people here don't know how to drive.
Didn't you know that Tom is from Boston?
Tom goes out drinking almost every evening.
Mary may be pretty, but I don't like her.
Didn't you know that Tom has lots cats?
Tom gets along well with his father-in-law.
It's stuffy in here. May I open a window?
Didn't you know Tom was writing a novel?
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I lost it.
It's hot in here. May I open the windows?
Didn't you know Tom was still in prison?
Tom gave each of his children three apples.
It's absolutely necessary that I do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked to go fishing?
Tom gave all his books to the city library.
It'll probably be interesting to do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked horror movies?
Tom first came to visit us three years ago.
It'll be more fun if we do that together.
Didn't you know Tom knew how to do that?
Tom fell in love with a woman half his age.
It would be unfortunate if that happened.
Didn't you know Tom is good at juggling?
Tom faces life in prison if he's convicted.
It would be risky to do that by yourself.
Didn't you know Tom had a swimming pool?
Tom even worked as a taxi driver in Boston.
It would be interesting to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't to do that?
Tom doesn't want you to ever do that again.
It would be impossible for me to do that.
Didn't you know Tom could play the tuba?
Tom doesn't think you should be doing that.
It would be great if you did that for me.
Didn't Tom tell you he wouldn't do that?
Tom doesn't think we need to do that today.
It would be almost impossible to do that.
Did you know that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom doesn't think we have to do that today.
It was easier to do that than I expected.
Did you know Tom used to work in Boston?
Tom doesn't think that I did that, does he?
It took three years to build this bridge.
Did you know Tom is actually very smart?
Tom doesn't think he really has to do that.
It should be possible for you to do that.
Did you know Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom doesn't think he can do that that soon.
It probably won't be possible to do that.
Did you know Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom doesn't think I'm permitted to do that.
Is there anything else you'd like to say?
Did you know Tom didn't like to do that?
Tom doesn't think I really need to do that.
If you want me to, I'll buy that for you.
Did you know Tom didn't like doing that?
Tom doesn't think I really have to do that.
If you hate doing that, then don't do it.
Did you know Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom doesn't still want to do that, does he?
If you do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
Did you know Tom and John were brothers?
Tom doesn't still need to do that, does he?
If we had enough money, we could do that.
Both Tom and his passenger were injured.
Tom doesn't still have to do that, does he?
If we had done that, we would've had fun.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with you.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he should do.
I've been listening to the radio all day.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that now.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he has to do.
I've always wanted to be able to do that.
As Tom was doing that, it began to rain.
Tom doesn't seem amused by what's going on.
I've already eaten both of my sandwiches.
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't do that?
Tom doesn't remember if he did that or not.
I've already done everything I had to do.
Tom doesn't remember asking you to do that.
I'm thinking about applying for that job.
Are you and Tom still dating each other?
Tom doesn't permit his children to do that.
I'm the only person who can help you now.
"Is Tom afraid?" "No, I don't think so."
Tom doesn't need our permission to do that.
I'm sure you'll find some way to do that.
You'll never let Tom do that, will you?
Tom doesn't like taking care of the garden.
I'm not interested in doing that anymore.
You'd never let Tom do that, would you?
Tom doesn't like people who aren't on time.
I'm not going to go to Boston this month.
You won't let Tom do that, will you?
Tom doesn't like either baseball or soccer.
I'm not convinced that I need to do that.
You think Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom doesn't like Boston and I don't either.
I'm not an easy person to get along with.
You think Tom could do that, don't you?
Tom doesn't know what he's doing out there.
I'm going to stay in Boston until Monday.
You should've shown Tom how to do that.
Tom doesn't know this is a tough situation.
I'm getting a little tired of doing that.
You should get Tom to help you do that.
Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
I'm feeling too depressed to do anything.
You should get Tom to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know how much money was stolen.
I'll try to do that the same way you did.
You should ask Tom to help you do that.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that.
I'll be on a business trip all next week.
You should ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
I'd be very happy if you did that for me.
You seemed surprised when Tom did that.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
I'd be very disappointed if you did that.
You don't believe Tom did that, do you?
Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
I'd be in Boston right now if I could be.
You don't allow Tom to do that, do you?
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you do that.
You allowed Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
I wouldn't do that anymore if I were you.
Would you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
I wouldn't be opposed to going to Boston.
Would Tom be willing to do that for us?
Tom doesn't have to tell me how to do that.
I wish I'd been strong enough to do that.
Why wouldn't you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't have to do that, but he should.
I wish I hadn't left my windows unlocked.
Why don't you let Tom buy that for you?
Tom doesn't have time to do that right now.
I wish I hadn't had to do that by myself.
Why do you still permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston last week.
Why didn't Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom doesn't have our permission to do that.
I wish I could play the saxophone better.
Who was the class president before Tom?
Tom doesn't give his children an allowance.
I wish I could figure out how to do that.
Who was that who was swimming with Tom?
Tom doesn't care whether we do that or not.
I wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
Who told you Tom would want to do that?
Tom doesn't believe his son is still alive.
I wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Who told you Tom could ride a unicycle?
Tom does that at 2:every day but Monday.
I wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
What kind of treatment did Tom receive?
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.
I wasn't the first one to try to do that.
What did you think Tom was going to do?
Tom died before he had a chance to do that.
I wasn't surprised that I had to do that.
Was it you who told Tom not to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be doing that very well.
I wasn't old enough to vote at that time.
There's no way Tom is going to do that.
Tom didn't seem aware of what was going on.
I wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
There's no way Tom did that on his own.
Tom didn't say what he had intended to say.
I wasn't expecting you to do that for me.
There's no way Tom did that by himself.
Tom didn't really go to church last Sunday.
I wasn't convinced that I had to do that.
There's a chance that Tom will do that.
Tom didn't really enjoy doing that, did he?
I wasn't aware that I was being followed.
The answer Tom gave seemed wrong to me.
Tom didn't look like he was in a good mood.
I wasn't able to swim until I was thirty.
That would be impossible for Tom to do.
Tom didn't know when he needed to be there.
I was wondering whether I should do that.
Tell Tom he has to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be there.
I was told that we don't have to do that.
Tell Tom I won't go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't know that what he did was wrong.
I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tell Tom I need to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know that I was able to do that.
I was the only one who needed to do that.
Please tell Tom to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know if he could do that or not.
I was thankful for the chance to do that.
Please tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he'd have to wait.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
Please tell Tom that I need to do that.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I wanted to stay in Boston until October.
Please tell Tom he should do that soon.
Tom didn't even try to negotiate the price.
I wanted to help, but I didn't have time.
My son married Tom's youngest daughter.
Tom didn't do that for me, but for himself.
I want you to do that so I don't have to.
My priorities are different from Tom's.
Tom didn't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I want to stay in Boston a little longer.
My injuries weren't as severe as Tom's.
Tom did something he wasn't supposed to do.
I want to learn to speak French fluently.
Maybe Tom should go to Boston with you.
Tom did everything he thought he should do.
I want to learn how to cook Italian food.
Just make sure you tell Tom to do that.
Tom did everything he thought he needed do.
I want to know when we're going to start.
It would be surprising if Tom did that.
Tom did everything he thought he had to do.
I want to know when we're going to leave.
It would be great if Tom could do that.
Tom did everything he felt he needed to do.
I want to know what you did last weekend.
It would be foolish for Tom to do that.
Tom did apologize for doing that years ago.
I want to know the cause of the accident.
It was decided that Tom should do that.
Tom definitely wants to do that by himself.
I want to go out to get something to eat.
It looks like Tom has done that before.
Tom cut the ribbon with a pair of scissors.
I want to get there before everyone else.
Is it true that Tom will be doing that?
Tom couldn't have done something like that.
I want to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Is Tom the only one who has to do that?
Tom couldn't do that without a lot of help.
I want everyone to remain where they are.
Is Tom still willing to do that for us?
Tom could've been the first one to do that.
I turned out the light and left the room.
Is Tom still be able to do that for us?
Tom could've been punished for what he did.
I tried to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I've already forgotten Tom's last name.
Tom could've been arrested for what he did.
I thought you said you'd quit doing that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I thought you said you'd help us do that.
I'm sure Tom will want to do that, too.
Tom could be gone by the time we get there.
I thought you knew how to play the piano.
I'm sure Tom will pass the examination.
Tom could always try doing that by himself.
I thought you didn't know how to do that.
I'm sure Tom will need to do that, too.
Tom claimed he wasn't the one who did that.
I thought I'd have all the time I needed.
I'm sure Tom will have to do that, too.
Tom checked three books out of the library.
I thought I'd be able to do that by 2:30.
I'm still reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom can't have done that without some help.
I thought I was going to win the contest.
I'm not sure that's what Tom has to do.
Tom can have as much ice cream as he wants.
I thought I might be required to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that.
Tom called to say he'd be three hours late.
I think you're not likely to be punished.
I'm going to ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom believes doing that would be a mistake.
I think we have everything under control.
I'm going over to Tom's this afternoon.
Tom began studying French three months ago.
I think it's way too late to do that now.
I'm afraid that Tom may have done that.
Tom assured us that he won't do that again.
I think it's little too early to do that.
I'll never forgive Tom for what he did.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to the zoo.
I think it would've been good to do that.
I think Tom should be more patient.
Tom asked me to throw the ball back to him.
I think it should be possible to do that.
I wonder why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom asked me if he could borrow some money.
I think it might not be smart to do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't very happy here.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that.
I think it might not be cheap to do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't come yesterday.
Tom asked me if I really needed to do that.
I think it might be expensive to do that.
I wonder if Tom is prepared to do that.
Tom and three other prisoners have escaped.
I think it might be dangerous to do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom and I've taken a lot of trips together.
I think I'll be able to help you do that.
I wish I hadn't scolded Tom so harshly.
Tom and I were the first people to do that.
I think I wouldn't enjoy visiting Boston.
I went to the same school that Tom did.
Tom and I wanted to go to a movie together.
I think I won't go to Boston next spring.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I wanted to go for a walk together.
I think I could do that without any help.
I was hoping Tom could do that with me.
Tom and I want to know what your plans are.
I suppose we could go to Boston with you.
I was at Harvard the same time Tom was.
Tom and I walked into the theater together.
I still miss all of my friends in Boston.
I wanted Tom to show me how to do that.
Tom and I used to work out at the same gym.
I still have time to do that before 2:30.
I want to see if Tom likes my new song.
Tom and I used to play backgammon together.
I still have things that need to be done.
I want to know who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom and I used to be married to each other.
I still don't know why I need to do that.
I want to know how much beer Tom drank.
Tom and I talked about this three days ago.
I spent more money than I had planned to.
I want to discuss the problem with Tom.
Tom and I talked about all kinds of things.
I shouldn't have tried singing that song.
I used to live in the same dorm as Tom.
Tom and I still aren't planning to do that.
I shouldn't have left the party so early.
I understand that Tom always does that.
Tom and I started talking at the same time.
I should've visited Boston, but I didn't.
Tom and I skied down the mountain together.
I should've parked my car somewhere else.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom and I play chess together every Monday.
I should've known better than to do that.
I told Tom the same thing you told him.
Tom and I met to discuss what had happened.
I should've gone to Boston, but I didn't.
I told Tom that he should leave Boston.
Tom and I looked at each other and laughed.
I should've done that before I went home.
I told Tom I'd help him clean his room.
Tom and I headed off in the same direction.
I should've been the last one to do that.
I thought you said Tom often does that.
Tom and I have decided to do that together.
I should've been here with you yesterday.
I thought you said Tom does that a lot.
Tom and I have been best friends for years.
I should've been able to do that for you.
I thought Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and I hardly ever do anything together.
I sat down next to someone I didn't know.
I thought Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and I had a good time singing together.
I pretended I didn't know how to do that.
I thought Tom would do that right away.
Tom and I got married in Boston in October.
I need to find another way to make money.
I thought Tom wasn't drunk, but he was.
Tom and I go camping together every summer.
I live in a house just around the corner.
I thought Tom was reluctant to do that.
Tom and I don't usually eat the same thing.
I like your garden and the flowers in it.
I thought Tom was going to be punished.
Tom and I don't talk to each other anymore.
I know what would happen if you did that.
I thought Tom was going to be arrested.
Tom and I don't really have much in common.
I know how difficult it'll be to do that.
I thought Tom was desperate to do that.
Tom and I don't like the same kind of food.
I know I'm supposed to do that by myself.
I thought Tom should get more exercise.
Tom and I don't know anything about Boston.
I know I'm not supposed to do that today.
I thought Tom liked this kind of music.
Tom and I decided to go to Boston together.
I know I might not have to do that again.
I thought Tom knew what had to be done.
Tom and I are waiting for you in the lobby.
I know I might not be allowed to do that.
I thought Tom knew what I wanted to do.
Tom and I are more or less the same weight.
I know I might need to do that on Monday.
I thought Tom had forgotten to do that.
Tom and I are longtime residents of Boston.
I know I might need to do that by myself.
I thought Tom didn't have a girlfriend.
Tom's teammates are just as good as he is.
I know I might have to do that on Monday.
I thought Tom could lend us some money.
Tom's spoken French is hard to understand.
I know I might have to do that by myself.
I thought Tom could lend me some money.
Tom's light is on, so he's probably awake.
I knew I might not have to do that again.
I think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom's eyesight has gradually gotten worse.
I knew I might not be allowed to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't regret doing that.
Tom's doctor advised him to exercise more.
I knew I might need to do that by myself.
I think Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't want to.
I knew I might have to do that by myself.
I think Tom would be afraid to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't need to.
I hope you don't get tired of doing that.
I think Tom won't be busy this evening.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't have to.
I hope you didn't put sugar in my coffee.
I think Tom will do that at about 2:30.
Tom wouldn't do that even if you paid him.
I hope I don't have to work this weekend.
I think Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom wouldn't be foolish enough to do that.
I heard that you paid someone to do that.
I think Tom will be nervous doing that.
Tom would never try to do that by himself.
I go to bed at the same time every night.
I think Tom needs to get more exercise.
Tom would be warm if he wore his new coat.
I feed my dog at the same time every day.
I think Tom is the only one with a key.
Tom would be in Boston now if he could be.
I expect you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I think Tom is still afraid to do that.
Tom won't need to go to Boston this month.
I don't yet know whether I can go or not.
I think Tom is getting more suspicious.
Tom won't likely comment on the situation.
I don't want to work on an assembly line.
I think Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next Monday.
I don't want to think about that anymore.
I think Tom has some friends in Boston.
Tom won't have to go to Boston this month.
I don't want to talk about what happened.
I think Tom doesn't want me to do that.
Tom won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I think Tom could still do that better.
Tom won't be coming to Boston this summer.
I don't want to sell any of my paintings.
I think Tom could force you to do that.
Tom won't be able to do that without help.
I don't want to jump into the cold water.
I think I'm in love with Tom's ex-wife.
Tom will probably be skeptical about that.
I don't want to go back to the orphanage.
I shouldn't have done that without Tom.
Tom will probably be reluctant to do that.
I don't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I should've told Tom to stay in Boston.
Tom will probably be motivated to do that.
I don't want to do my homework right now.
Tom will probably be desperate to do that.
I don't want to call attention to myself.
I should wait here until Tom gets here.
Tom will probably be charged with perjury.
I don't want anyone to see me doing that.
I should tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom will probably be back by October 20th.
I don't understand why I need to do that.
I should tell Tom what he needs to buy.
Tom will probably be annoyed by the smell.
I don't understand why I have to do that.
I should tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom will get into trouble if he does that.
I don't think anybody else wants to come.
I should tell Tom that I need his help.
Tom will do that at the first opportunity.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that.
I should tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom will come if he's free this afternoon.
I don't think I'm going to do that again.
I should do that the way Tom showed me.
Tom will come back the day after tomorrow.
I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.
I saw Tom doing that just this morning.
Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that.
I promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston.
Tom will be in Boston the week after next.
I don't think I'll be able come tomorrow.
I need to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think I'd ever want to live here.
I know why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom will be going back to Boston tomorrow.
I don't think I want to do that with you.
I know why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom went swimming with all the other boys.
I don't think I should do that by myself.
I know why Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom watched TV for three hours last night.
I don't think I really needed to do that.
I know why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't very troubled by what happened.
I don't spend enough time with my family.
I know what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom wasn't able to keep up with his class.
I don't really plan to stay up all night.
I know that Tom isn't eager to do that.
Tom was the only one who couldn't do that.
I don't plan to stay in Boston very long.
I know that Tom is planning to do that.
Tom was the only one permitted to do that.
I don't need to go to school next Monday.
I know Tom doesn't want to get married.
Tom was still doing that when I got there.
I don't like what you're doing right now.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom was never told what actually happened.
I don't like to tell people how old I am.
I knew Tom might want to do that today.
Tom was never given the chance to do that.
I don't like anybody and nobody likes me.
I knew Tom might need to do that today.
Tom was my French teacher for three years.
I don't know why I'm supposed to do that.
I knew Tom might have to do that today.
Tom was found dead in his house yesterday.
I don't know who to give the envelope to.
I knew Tom might be allowed to do that.
Tom was actually not the one who did that.
I don't know who I should ask to help me.
I informed Tom that I wouldn't do that.
Tom wanted to be the first one to do that.
I don't know who I should ask for advice.
I hope Tom won't be allowed to do that.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to do that.
I don't know whether I'll do that or not.
I hope Tom knows why he has to do that.
Tom wanted me to give him time to do that.
I don't know what's going to happen next.
I hope Tom knows what needs to be done.
Tom walks through this park every morning.
I don't know what kind of music you like.
I hope Tom isn't in Boston next Monday.
Tom waited three hours and then went home.
I don't know if I'm permitted to do that.
I hope Tom isn't determined to do that.
Tom used to be able to do that quite well.
I don't know if I have to do that or not.
I hope Tom is the first one to do that.
Tom used to be able to do that by himself.
I don't know how to play the tin whistle.
I hope Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom took a handkerchief out of his pocket.
I don't know exactly what has to be done.
I hope Tom can teach me how to do that.
Tom told us about his last trip to Boston.
I don't know exactly how much it'll cost.
I heard that Tom is good at doing that.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to do that.
I don't know a lot about classical music.
I heard that Tom has been hospitalized.
Tom told me why he didn't want to do that.
I hear Tom is going to quit doing that.
Tom told me to be sure to try and do that.
I don't have very many friends in Boston.
I haven't yet done that since Tom left.
Tom told me that he's prepared to do that.
I don't have to go to school next Monday.
I have to help Tom take out the garage.
Tom told me that he's hesitant to do that.
I don't have to get up so early tomorrow.
I have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom told me that he'd be here early today.
I don't have the skill needed to do that.
I forgot that Tom would do that for us.
Tom told me that he won't do that anymore.
I don't have as much energy as I used to.
I expected Tom to do the same thing I did.
Tom told me last week he wouldn't do that.
I don't have anything I need to do today.
I expect you to do the same thing Tom did.
Tom told me he didn't remember doing that.
I don't have anything I have to do today.
I expect I'll have to buy that for Tom.
Tom thought the burning car would explode.
I don't have any friends here except you.
I don't want to wear Tom's old clothes.
Tom thinks that doing that is a good idea.
I don't have a choice. I have to do that.
I don't want to invite Tom to my party.
Tom thinks doing that would be worthwhile.
I don't get as much exercise as I should.
I don't want to be seen talking to Tom.
Tom tends to only do what he's told to do.
I don't allow my children to eat cookies.
I don't want anyone to see me with Tom.
Tom suggested it would be wise to do that.
I don't actually need to do that anymore.
I don't want Tom to see what I'm doing.
Tom stirred his coffee before drinking it.
I do want to do that at least once again.
I don't want Tom to know what happened.
Tom still has to read three more chapters.
I didn't want to go camping last weekend.
I don't want Tom to find out the truth.
Tom still has time to do that before 2:30.
I didn't want to deal with what happened.
I don't want Tom to ever do that again.
Tom started plowing right after breakfast.
I didn't want to admit that I was scared.
I don't want Tom to do that by himself.
Tom started going bald when he was thirty.
I didn't think you'd be doing that today.
I don't think we can trust Tom anymore.
Tom spent more than three years in prison.
I didn't think I'd need to do that again.
I don't think that Tom would lie to me.
Tom spent a lot of time in Boston in 2013.
I didn't think I'd have to do that again.
I don't think Tom would still be awake.
Tom soon found out how bad the roads were.
I didn't tell that girl who I really was.
I don't think Tom would really do that.
Tom smokes three packs of cigarettes a day.
I didn't speak at all during the meeting.
I don't think Tom would let me do that.
Tom should've chosen to do something else.
I didn't really feel like playing tennis.
I don't think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom should've been here with us yesterday.
I didn't realize you knew how to do that.
I don't think Tom will need to do that.
Tom should've been able to do that easily.
I didn't realize what was expected of me.
I don't think Tom will like doing that.
Tom should stay in Boston for a few weeks.
I didn't realize how late it was getting.
I don't think Tom will have to do that.
Tom should have one of us do that for him.
I didn't notice the surveillance cameras.
I don't think Tom will do that for you.
Tom should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't miss my wallet until I got home.
I don't think Tom should do that again.
Tom should be able to do that if he tries.
I didn't know you used to work in Boston.
I don't think Tom should be doing that.
Tom seems to know what he's talking about.
I didn't know you didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom has to do that today.
Tom seems to know all about what happened.
I didn't know who to give the package to.
I don't think Tom ever used to do that.
Tom seems to have lost interest in sports.
I didn't know where I was supposed to go.
I don't think Tom does that very often.
Tom seems to be willing to do that for us.
I didn't know what you were trying to do.
I don't think I can get Tom to do that.
Tom seems to be aware of what's happening.
I didn't know what I was doing was wrong.
I don't remember where I first met Tom.
Tom seems to be amused by what's going on.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be there.
I don't remember asking Tom to do that.
Tom scored points in the third quarter.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that.
I don't really think that Tom did that.
Tom says you want to go to Boston with us.
I didn't know that you had so much money.
I don't really think Tom could do that.
Tom says his stomach doesn't hurt anymore.
I didn't know that the bridge was closed.
I don't need to know who told Tom that.
Tom says he's willing to buy that for you.
I didn't know it was possible to do that.
I don't need to know how Tom does that.
Tom says he's never been to Boston before.
I didn't know if I should really do that.
I don't like Tom telling me what to do.
Tom says he's given up making predictions.
I didn't know if I had to do that or not.
I don't let Tom go swimming by himself.
Tom says he's been asked to give a speech.
I didn't know how to answer the question.
I don't know why Tom wants me to leave.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can to help.
I didn't know I was going to be arrested.
I don't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom says he wants to learn how to do that.
I didn't know I no longer had to do that.
I don't know why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom says he thinks that's going to happen.
I didn't know I had done something wrong.
I don't know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom says he taught himself how to do that.
I didn't know I didn't have enough money.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like dogs.
Tom says he needs to find a place to live.
I didn't have time to finish my homework.
I don't know why Tom called the police.
Tom says he has no trouble falling asleep.
I didn't have enough strength to do that.
I don't know what size shoes Tom wears.
Tom says he doesn't want anything from me.
I didn't have enough money to rent a car.
I don't know what Tom's intentions are.
Tom says he doesn't know why you did that.
I didn't get up as early as I usually do.
I don't know what Tom expects me to do.
Tom says he doesn't know a thing about it.
I didn't get paid for all the work I did.
I don't know if Tom drinks beer or not.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that today.
I didn't get out of bed until after noon.
I don't know how to tell Tom the truth.
Tom says he doesn't have health insurance.
I didn't expect to be appointed chairman.
I don't know how to get to Tom's house.
Tom says he doesn't have an email address.
I didn't come to Boston at all last year.
I don't know anything about Tom's plan.
Tom says he didn't know he had to do that.
I didn't care whether we did that or not.
I don't know anything about Tom at all.
Tom says he didn't know about the meeting.
I didn't arrive until the party was over.
I don't have to know who told Tom that.
Tom says he could never live in Australia.
I can't remember what I was going to say.
I don't have as much money as Tom does.
Tom says he certainly won't do that again.
I can do that with you if you want me to.
I don't expect Tom to get here on time.
Tom says he can't wait for that to happen.
I can always go back to my parents' home.
I don't care what time Tom goes to bed.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that now.
I bought some green peppers and tomatoes.
I don't believe those rumors about Tom.
Tom said he wanted to do that, but he didn't.
I ate supper and immediately went to bed.
I don't believe Tom would ever do that.
Tom said three of those boys will help us.
I already know you want to quit your job.
I do almost the same thing as Tom does.
Tom said three of those boys are his sons.
I almost never do that while I'm driving.
I didn't want to sing, but Tom made me.
Tom said three of those boys are brothers.
I admitted that I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want to let Tom into my house.
Tom said there are now employees here.
How often do you write letters in French?
I didn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said the mosquitoes didn't bother him.
How much beer did you drink last weekend?
I didn't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Tom said the building was meters tall.
How many years have you spent doing that?
I didn't want to do what Tom suggested.
Tom said that wasn't what he wanted to do.
How many weeks have you spent doing that?
I didn't want to answer Tom's question.
Tom said that probably won't happen again.
How many times have you climbed Mt. Fuji?
I didn't think that would frighten Tom.
Tom said that he'll go to Boston tomorrow.
How many seconds does it take to do that?
I didn't think that Tom was having fun.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait any longer.
How many nights do you plan to stay here?
I didn't think Tom would do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that anymore.
How many movies did you watch last month?
I didn't think Tom would be suspicious.
Tom said that he wasn't a student anymore.
How many months have you been doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be so annoyed.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that.
How many months did you spend doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be reasonable.
Tom said that he really wanted to do that.
How many minutes will it take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be interested.
Tom said that he enjoyed your party a lot.
How many minutes does it take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be here today.
Tom said that he couldn't wait to do that.
How many hours have you spent doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be frightened.
Tom said it would be too risky to do that.
How many days will it take us to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be doing that.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen again.
How many days did it take you to do that?
I didn't think Tom should've done that.
Tom said it was him who needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to do that.
Tom said his schedule is likely to change.
How many African animals are in this zoo?
I didn't tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that for us.
How long have you been looking for a job?
I didn't tell Tom when I'd be arriving.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that for me.
How long does it take to get the airport?
I didn't tell Tom what the problem was.
Tom said he's never considered doing that.
Everything I need to buy is on this list.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to do.
Tom said he's glad he was able to do that.
Everybody in the room did the same thing over and over again.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to eat.
Tom said he's been told not do that again.
Don't forget to tell Mary not to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to buy.
Tom said he's been asked to do that again.
Don't do that again unless I tell you to.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to buy.
Tom said he's always lived on Park Street.
Doing that will be easier than you think.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd been mugged.
Tom said he'll be the next one to do that.
Doing that probably won't be interesting.
I didn't tell Tom how many eggs to buy.
Tom said he'll be the last one to do that.
Doing that is a lot easier than it looks.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that.
Tom said he'd never permit you to do that.
Doing it that way would be too expensive.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't like my job.
Tom said he'd do that in a couple of days.
Do you think you'd be nervous doing that?
I didn't speak to Tom at all yesterday.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for free.
Do you think this water is safe to drink?
I didn't realize how much Tom loved me.
Tom said he'd be the first one to do that.
Do you think it would be safe to do that?
I didn't realize Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom said he'd be glad to buy that for you.
Do you think doing that will really help?
I didn't realize Tom needed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't recommend doing that.
Do you really think it's wise to do that?
I didn't like any of Tom's suggestions.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that here.
Do you really think it's safe to do that?
I didn't know who Tom's girlfriend was.
Tom said he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Do you really think it's easy to do that?
I didn't know what Tom was going to do.
Tom said he wished he knew how to do that.
Do you know anyone who's very overweight?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom said he wished he hadn't been so late.
Do you know anyone who's gotten divorced?
I didn't know that you were dating Tom.
Tom said he wasn't in Boston at that time.
Do you intend to go to Boston in October?
I didn't know that you were Tom's wife.
Tom said he was worried about the weather.
Do that quickly before it starts to rain.
I didn't know that Tom was lying to me.
Tom said he was willing to take that risk.
Didn't you know what was going to happen?
I didn't know that Tom used to do that.
Tom said he was willing to do the driving.
Didn't you know this was going to happen?
I didn't know Tom was such a good cook.
Tom said he was willing to do that for us.
Didn't you know I didn't need to do that?
I didn't know Tom was still doing that.
Tom said he was told not to do that again.
Didn't you know I didn't have to do that?
I didn't know Tom spoke French so well.
Tom said he was thinking about doing that.
Did you know that your socks don't match?
I didn't know Tom and you were cousins.
Tom said he was the only one who did that.
Did you know Mary and Alice were sisters?
I didn't have a chance to speak to Tom.
Tom said he was going to do that tomorrow.
Did you know I was going to get arrested?
I didn't go there, and neither did Tom.
Tom said he was determined not to do that.
Could you show me a safer way to do that?
I didn't go because Tom told me not to.
Tom said he wants to stay at home all day.
Could you put this book on the top shelf?
I didn't give Tom what he asked me for.
Tom said he tried doing that once himself.
Could you fill up this bottle with water?
I didn't feel I needed to wait for Tom.
Tom said he thought I'd regret doing that.
Could you explain to me how you did that?
I didn't expect Tom to want to do that.
Tom said he thought I should study harder.
Could you come over to my place tomorrow?
I didn't expect Tom to show up on time.
Tom said he thought I should study French.
Can you tell me what you're trying to do?
I didn't expect Tom to react like that.
Tom said he really regrets not doing that.
Can you really stay in Boston all summer?
I didn't choose the same thing Tom did.
Tom said he never wanted to do that again.
Both of my grandmothers are still living.
I did what I could to help Tom do that.
Tom said he never expected this to happen.
Are you the one who wanted me to do that?
I can't play the mandolin, but Tom can.
Tom said he needs to learn how to do that.
I assumed Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew what was going to happen.
Are you packed and ready to go to Boston?
I asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that.
Are we going to be in Boston next winter?
I already know what Tom is going to do.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that.
Are there any customers in the store now?
How often is Tom late for appointments?
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to help us.
All four of my grandparents died in 2013.
How often does Tom eat dinner with you?
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that.
A few people at the party were Canadians.
How often do you go to Boston with Tom?
Tom said he hasn't noticed any difference.
Yours is better than that one, isn't it?
How many years has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he got paid extra for doing that.
You've made me very happy by doing that.
How many weeks has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he found it difficult to do that.
You've already eaten lunch, haven't you?
How many times a year does Tom do that?
Tom said he doesn't want to do that again.
You're too short to do that, aren't you?
How many times a week does Tom do that?
Tom said he doesn't think you can do that.
You're the person I've been waiting for.
How many hours has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he doesn't have health insurance.
You're the only one who passed the test.
How many days has Tom spent doing that?
Tom said he didn't want to try doing that.
You're the one who should be doing that.
How did you know what Tom needed to do?
Tom said he didn't want to live in Boston.
You're the first person to ever help me.
Has Tom ever stayed with you in Boston?
Tom said he didn't want to do it that way.
You're ready to do that now, aren't you?
From what I heard, Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that.
You're preparing to do that, aren't you?
Don't you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom said he didn't really want to do that.
You're one of the tallest people I know.
Don't permit Tom to do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't really need to do that.
You're not as old as I thought you were.
Don't expect Tom to ever do that again.
Tom said he didn't really have to do that.
You're not a very good swimmer, are you?
Doing that would really make Tom happy.
Tom said he didn't mind doing that at all.
You're motivated to do that, aren't you?
Does Tom still work at the post office?
Tom said he didn't live in Boston anymore.
You're glad that I did that, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be disappointed?
Tom said he couldn't understand my French.
You're a student at Harvard, aren't you?
Do you think Tom is through doing that?
Tom said he couldn't do that anytime soon.
You're a popular teacher at this school.
Do you mean you didn't see Tom do that?
Tom said doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
You're a little over thirty, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom and I were arguing?
Tom said doing that would be a lot of fun.
You're a hardworking person, aren't you?
Do you know the reason why Tom is late?
Tom said doing that would be a good thing.
You won't have the chance to do that.
Do you know how Tom sprained his ankle?
Tom said I was the one who should do that.
You'll do that the next time, won't you?
Didn't you know where Tom wanted to go?
Tom said I should've done that last month.
You'll be punished if you do that again.
Didn't you know that Tom would do that?
Tom said I didn't sound very enthusiastic.
You'll be arrested if you do that again.
Didn't you know that Tom would be here?
Tom refused to do what I wanted him to do.
You wouldn't mind doing that, would you?
Didn't you know that Tom was a painter?
