He seemed to be unwilling to tell us his name.
He didn't seem to be willing to tell us his name.
Have you shown this letter to anyone?
Have you shown this letter to anybody?
Have you paid Tom already?
Have you already paid Tom?
Have you eaten breakfast already?
Have you decided where you're going to do that?
Have you decided on where you're going to do that?
Have Tom and Mary both eaten already?
Have both Tom and Mary eaten already?
Have Tom and Mary both done that already?
Have both Tom and Mary done that already?
Has everyone eaten?
Has everybody eaten?
Has anybody here seen Tom?
Has anyone asked Tom why he did that?
Has anybody asked Tom why he did that?
Everyone's smiling.
Everyone is smiling.
Everybody is smiling.
Everyone's gone fishing, except for Tom.
Everybody's gone fishing, except for Tom.
Everyone was crying.
Everybody was crying.
Everyone wanted me to do that.
Everybody wanted me to do that.
Everyone thinks Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody thinks Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone stayed quiet.
Everybody stayed quiet.
Everybody looks happy.
Everyone listened politely.
Everybody listened politely.
Everyone knows you didn't do that.
Everybody knows you didn't do that.
Everyone knows Tom won't win.
Everybody knows Tom won't win.
Everyone knows Tom won't really do that.
Everybody knows Tom won't really do that.
Everyone knows Tom won't do that.
Everybody knows Tom won't do that.
Everyone knows Tom did that.
Everybody knows Tom did that.
Everyone knows Tom can't win.
Everybody knows Tom can't win.
Everyone knows Tom can't do that.
Everybody knows Tom can't do that.
Everyone knows Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody knows Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone knows that Tom did that.
Everybody knows that Tom did that.
Everyone knew who had done that.
Everybody knew who had done that.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did that.
Everybody knew Tom was the one who did that.
Everyone is doing that.
Everybody is doing that.
Everyone except Tom seemed to be having fun.
Everybody except Tom seemed to be having fun.
Everyone else is doing that.
Everybody else is doing that.
Everyone does that differently.
Everybody does that differently.
Everyone but Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
Everybody but Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
Even though I enjoy swimming, I haven't gone swimming recently.
Although I enjoy swimming, I haven't gone swimming recently.
Even though I enjoy hiking, I haven't gone hiking recently.
Although I enjoy hiking, I haven't gone hiking recently.
Even though I enjoy doing that, I haven't done that recently.
Although I enjoy doing that, I haven't done that recently.
Even though I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
Even if we'd wanted to, we wouldn't have done that.
Even if Tom had wanted to, he wouldn't have done that.
Even if I'd wanted to, I wouldn't have done that.
Don't let Tom do that alone.
Doing that was hard for Tom.
Doing that was difficult for Tom.
Does Tom plan on doing that with Mary?
Does everyone in your family snore?
Does everybody in your family snore?
Does anyone still do that?
Does anybody still do that?
Does anyone know why Tom isn't here yet?
Does anybody know why Tom isn't here yet?
Does anyone know when Tom and Mary got married?
Does anybody know when Tom and Mary got married?
Does anyone know what time Tom will get here?
Does anybody know what time Tom will get here?
Does anyone know how Tom will be going to Boston?
Does anybody know how Tom will be going to Boston?
Do you want to know when Tom plans to do that?
Do you want to know when Tom plans on doing that?
Do you think we should let Tom do that?
Do you think we should allow Tom to do that?
Do you think Tom is still planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom is planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom is already retired?
Do you think Tom is retired already?
Do you remember when Tom said he was planning on doing that?
Do you really want someone else to do that?
Do you really want somebody else to do that?
Do you plan to tell Tom on doing that?
Do you plan on permitting Tom to do that?
Do you plan on letting Tom do that?
Do you plan on doing that again?
Do you plan on allowing Tom to do that?
Do you often eat out?
Do you know when Tom plans on doing that?
Do you know if Tom plans on doing that?
Do Tom and Mary both snore?
Do both Tom and Mary snore?
Didn't you know Tom was still planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom was planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom was planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom isn't planning on doing that?
Did you know Tom was still planning on doing that?
Did you know Tom was planning on doing that?
Did you know Tom was planning to do that tomorrow?
Did you know Tom was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Did you know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
Did you know that Tom was planning on doing that?
Did Tom say he planned on doing that?
Did Tom know you were planning on doing that?
Did Tom happen to tell you how he plans on doing that?
Did someone tell you to do that?
Did somebody tell you to do that?
Did everyone smile?
Did everybody smile?
Did anyone sing at your wedding?
Did anybody sing at your wedding?
Did anyone eat lunch with Tom?
Did anybody eat lunch with Tom?
Did anyone ask Tom why he did that?
Did anybody ask Tom why he did that?
Could you call a taxi for me?
Could you call me a taxi?
Could you buy a bag of peanuts for me?
Could you buy me a bag of peanuts?
Can't you get someone else to do that?
Can't you get somebody else to do that?
Can't Tom get someone else to do that?
Can't Tom get somebody else to do that?
Can you tell me why you're planning on doing that?
Can you do that alone?
Can Tom and Mary both swim?
Can both Tom and Mary swim?
Can I try doing that once more?
Can I try to do that once more?
Can I try doing that again?
Can I try to do that again?
Can anyone do that?
Can anybody do that?
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary both don't know how to do that.
Both Tom and Mary are students.
Both Tom and I should've left early.
Tom and I both should've left early.
Both Tom and I should've left earlier.
Tom and I both should've left earlier.
Both my wife and I can speak French.
My wife and I can both speak French.
Both my wife and I are from Boston.
My wife and I are both from Boston.
Because of the storm, I might not be able to get home tonight.
I might not be able to get home tonight because of the storm.
As I told you before, I don't plan on doing that.
As far as I know, no one has ever done that.
As far as I know, nobody has ever done that.
Aren't you still planning on doing that?
Are you sure Tom said he was planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom said he was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you still waiting for someone?
Are you still waiting for somebody?
Are you still planning on doing that?
Are you really planning on doing that?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you wanted Mary on doing that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you wanted him to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you want Mary to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you want him to do that?
Are you planning on doing that?
Are you planning on doing that anytime soon?
Are you and Tom still planning on doing that?
Are you and Tom planning on doing that?
All three of Tom's brothers are planning on doing that.
Tom said Mary isn't sure if John wants to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
Since Tom doesn't understand French, we speak French when we don't want him to understand what we're talking about.
I don't think Tom knows how long the meeting will last.
You're not suggesting Tom didn't do that, are you?
I told Tom that the reason I didn't want to do that was that I thought it was a stupid idea.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who is able to do that.
You shouldn't laugh at Tom when he makes mistakes.
I was surprised when Tom admitted that he was the one who had stolen my wheelbarrow.
I don't know if Tom is going to be home this afternoon.
You should tell Tom that he shouldn't leave early.
I knew that Tom could play the piano, but I didn't know he could play it so well.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom do that again.
You didn't want to go to Boston with Tom, did you?
The reason Tom couldn't get that job was because he didn't have any experience.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell you to do that.
You can go camping with Tom if you really want to.
I told Tom that I grew up in Boston, even though I actually grew up in Chicago.
I didn't know Tom had to go to the dentist's yesterday.
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that anymore?
Just because Tom said he didn't do that doesn't mean that he didn't do that.
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that again?
With Tom's help, I'm sure I'll be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to paint his house.
Do you think Tom will be gone by the time we get there?
Why didn't you tell Tom that he needed to do that?
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
Do you really think Tom is difficult to get along with?
What's Tom going to do during his summer vacation?
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to quit doing that.
Ask Tom whether he's going to eat lunch with us or not.
What makes you think Tom can take care of himself?
I wonder if Tom is really worried or if he's just pretending to be worried.
You were hoping to go to Boston with Tom, weren't you?
We'll have to ask Tom to do that for us, won't we?
I told Tom that he should stop telling everyone that he could speak French.
You still have no idea why Tom didn't do that, do you?
The only one who didn't go roller skating was Tom.
I told Tom it would be dangerous to do that, but he still wanted to do it.
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't want to do that?
The only one who didn't do that yesterday was Tom.
I can't let Tom leave without telling him how much I appreciated his help.
Should I tell Tom that we don't want to do that again?
The only one here who doesn't like fishing is Tom.
Why did you tell Tom I planned to wait until Monday to go back to Boston?
It would be better to do that the way Tom told you to.
Let's see if Tom can manage to do that by himself.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom doesn't get home before 2:30.
It might not be safe for Tom to go out alone at night.
It was careless of Tom to leave the door unlocked.
I wonder if Tom will wait until we get there before he starts doing that.
It looks like Tom isn't going to go to Boston with us.
It looks like Tom will be the next one to do that.
Just as I was about to get into the bathtub, Tom dropped by for a visit.
I've persuaded Tom to wait until next week to do that.
It looks like Tom will be the last one to do that.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Boston last week.
I'm sure Tom will be able to do that without our help.
If it's too hard for you to do that, I'll ask Tom.
I wonder whether we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.
I'd never have let you go if Tom hadn't gone with you.
I've promised to go skin diving with Tom tomorrow.
I wonder what we should do if Tom doesn't do what we've asked him to do.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that the way I told him to.
I'm sure Tom and I'll figure out a way to do that.
The store where I bought the book that I sent to Tom is on Park Street.
I wonder what made Tom think I needed to do that, too?
I'm pretty sure that Tom can take care of himself.
I think Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Boston.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't want to do that?
I'm not convinced that Tom can do that by himself.
I offered to sell Tom my old car, but he told me he wasn't interested.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't need to do that?
I'm fairly certain that Tom has already done that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't have to do that?
I'll find out whether Tom has ever been to Boston.
I think Tom is drinking either beer or wine, but I don't really know.
I wonder if Tom knew it wasn't a good idea to do that.
I'll find out whether Tom can speak French or not.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to go skin diving by himself.
I told Tom that I wanted to teach French in Australia.
I'll ask Tom if we can borrow some money from him.
Let's not forget to remind Tom to return the library books tomorrow.
I thought you said you wanted to go swimming with Tom.
I'd try to keep Tom from doing that if I were you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
I think Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I'd rather go to the dance with you than with Tom.
I was able to figure out how to do that with a little help from Tom.
I think Tom should wait until we get there to do that.
I'd never have done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I used that blue piece of cloth you gave me to make a shirt for Tom.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that again.
I wonder if Tom will tell you about what happened.
I told Tom it would be dangerous, but he still volunteered to do it.
I think I can get Tom to do that if you don't want to.
I wonder if Tom really went skin diving yesterday.
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he shouldn't do that.
I wonder if Tom is still interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to stop doing that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he needed to do that.
I wasn't the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to quit doing that.
I hope I'm not the one who has to tell Tom to do that.
I wasn't sure whether Tom was still asleep or not.
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us?
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I wasn't supposed to tell Tom anything about that.
You'll probably get injured if you do that the way Tom told you to.
I don't think Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I was the one who told Tom that he should do that.
Should I tell Tom that we don't want to do that unless he helps us?
I don't think Tom knows why the meeting was postponed.
I was the one who told Tom that he had to do that.
I told Tom that I could speak French even though I really couldn't.
I don't think Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
I was surprised when Tom told me I had to do that.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to go skin diving by himself.
I don't think Tom knows whether he can do that or not.
I was able to do that with a little help from Tom.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us.
I don't think Tom knows what he's gotten himself into.
I want to know if Tom will be here this afternoon.
I figured it was easier to ask Tom to do that than to do it myself.
I don't think Tom knows that he's supposed to do that.
I told Tom that his French was easy to understand.
I don't think Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
I don't think Tom knows how much the ticket will cost.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that unless he helped me.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to get home before 2:30, didn't you?
I don't think Tom knows how he's going to do that yet.
I thought Tom would probably fail his French test.
The apartment building Tom is living in was built three years ago.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I should've asked Tom why he didn't leave earlier.
It's possible that Tom doesn't realize how serious the problem is.
I don't think Tom has very much experience doing that.
I saw Tom walking in the park yesterday afternoon.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with him.
I didn't think you were going to allow Tom to do that.
I know Tom didn't do that when he was supposed to.
I expect that Tom will be ready to leave by the time we get there.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom do that again.
I knew you wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need to get that done.
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked Tom for help.
I hope that Tom will wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what time the meeting was.
I didn't know Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
I hope Tom didn't leave his umbrella on the train.
You'll probably get injured if you do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't know Tom was going to be in Boston last week.
I hope Tom agrees to wait until Monday to do that.
You'll probably get fired if you do that the way Tom told you to.
I didn't know Tom wanted to be on the basketball team.
I don't want to do that, but Tom told me I had to.
You'll probably get hurt if you do that the way Tom told you to.
I definitely don't want to be here when Tom gets here.
I don't want to do that the way Tom said I had to.
You would've gotten away with doing that if Tom hadn't seen you.
Do you want to know why Tom didn't do that by himself?
I don't think Tom knows whether to do that or not.
If you show Tom how to do that, I'm sure he'll be able to do it.
Do you think Tom would mind if I didn't do that today?
I don't think Tom knows what he's going to do yet.
I wonder if Tom is only pretending he doesn't understand French.
Do you really think Tom is already through doing that?
I don't think Tom knows we still have a lot to do.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with him.
Did you know Tom was planning to go swimming tomorrow?
I don't think Tom knows very much about Australia.
I think Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
You should ask Tom to wait until tomorrow to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the saxophone.
I hoped Tom would wait, but he was gone by the time I got there.
You know Tom can't speak French very well, don't you?
I don't think Tom knows how much money was stolen.
I doubt that Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
The only one here who's willing to go with us is Tom.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be arrested.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
The only one here who can probably go with us is Tom.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't do that here.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
Should I tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves?
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to quit doing that.
Not only does Tom not smoke, he doesn't drink either.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
Even though Tom is rich, he doesn't spend much money on clothes.
It won't be any fun unless Tom goes swimming with us.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how that happened.
Even if Tom swore that it was true, I still wouldn't believe it.
I've already tried doing that the way Tom told me to.
I don't think Tom knows anything about folk music.
"Why didn't Tom get back home today?" "His flight was canceled."
I'm the one who told Tom that he should study French.
I don't think Tom has very many friends in Boston.
You'll probably get fired if you do that the way Tom suggested.
I'm surprised Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I don't think Tom has to go to school next Monday.
The man standing in front of the hotel looks a little like Tom.
I'm sure Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I don't think Tom has to get up so early tomorrow.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Boston all summer.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom has much experience in teaching.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wasn't going to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I make more money than Tom does.
I don't know whether Tom is a good teacher or not.
I think Tom ought to wait until at least 2:before he leaves.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't drink any beer last night.
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.
I should've laughed at Tom's joke, even though it wasn't funny.
I'm certain Tom and I'll figure out a way to do that.
I didn't know Tom was going to tell me what to do.
I expected Tom to get home on Monday, but he's still in Boston.
I'll have to ask Tom to come over and do that for me.
I didn't know Tom was going to do that by himself.
I expect you to get back home in time for Tom's birthday party.
I'll been spending a lot of time with Tom next month.
I didn't know Tom was going to be through by 2:30.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what needed to be done.
I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to Tom.
I didn't know Tom was going to be doing that here.
Even though Tom is very old, he can still take care of himself.
I'd be disappointed if Tom doesn't come to our party.
How much do you think I should pay Tom to do that?
Even though Tom is quite old, he can still do that fairly well.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom had asked me not to.
How do you know that Tom was the one who did that?
You'll probably get hurt if you do that the way Tom suggested.
I would've been able to do that if Tom had helped me.
How did you find out that Tom was able to do that?
Why don't you let Tom know that you can take care of yourself?
I wonder why Tom didn't do that the way I showed him.
Does Tom really think he can take care of himself?
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who did that.
I wonder why Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Do you think Tom will be the first one to do that?
The photographer asked Tom not to smile, but he smiled anyway.
I wonder whether Tom really can take care of himself.
Do we need to do that the way Tom said we need to?
If Tom went there yesterday, he probably won't go again today.
I wonder whether Tom can really take care of himself.
Did Tom know that he was doing that the wrong way?
I'm fairly certain I heard Tom say he wasn't ready to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still difficult to get along with.
As soon as Tom got out of the bath, he ate dinner.
I wonder whether Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't leave all his stuff on the floor.
Are you certain that Tom can take care of himself?
I was the one who taught Tom how to say "thank you" in French.
I was the only person there that Tom seemed to trust.
You should tell Tom you're not likely to do that.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going fishing with him.
I was the one who told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
What makes you think Tom will be able to do that?
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that anymore.
I was the one who told Tom that he needed to do that.
What Tom told us the other day didn't make sense.
I suggest you laugh at Tom's jokes, even if they aren't funny.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that again.
Was it you who told Tom he shouldn't leave early?
I got to the station three minutes before Tom's train arrived.
I think you could get Tom to tell you how to do that.
The train Tom is waiting for is going to be late.
Does Tom always leave for work at the same time every morning?
I think you could get Tom to show you how to do that.
The only one here who doesn't like skiing is Tom.
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves?
I think that Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
Someone told me that Tom wasn't from around here.
Do you really think Tom will be gone by the time we get there?
I think Tom will be able to do that without our help.
Since Tom is sick, I'm sure he won't go swimming.
You might get injured if you do that the way Tom told you to.
I think Tom stayed by at home by himself last Monday.
Please tell Tom not to get home until after 2:30.
Were you the one who told Tom that he could probably do that?
I spoke to Tom in French, but he answered in English.
Please tell Tom he needs to get home before 2:30.
Should I tell Tom that we don't want to do that by ourselves?
I hear sugar is cheaper at the store where Tom works.
Please don't do anything else till Tom gets here.
I've invited Tom to my house many times, but he's never come.
I haven't yet returned the money I borrowed from Tom.
No matter what Tom says, I'll do that my own way.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if Tom hadn't helped me.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom said I should.
It won't be any fun unless Tom does that with us.
I told Tom that I could speak French, even though I couldn't.
I doubt Tom will be able to do that without our help.
It looks like Tom was present at today's meeting.
I think the book Tom is reading must be interesting.
I don't think Tom will care whether I do that or not.
If Tom had really wanted to do that, he would've.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom realizes how difficult this job is.
I'm the French teacher at the school Tom goes to.
I guess that since Tom is sick, he won't go swimming with us.
I don't think Tom knows what it's like to be in love.
I'm sure Tom would be willing to do that for you.
I gave Tom the French dictionary I used when I was a student.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to do that.
I'm sure I'll be able to do that with Tom's help.
I don't think Tom has any friends who like mountain climbing.
I'm not the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I didn't know Tom was going to be through doing that by 2:30.
I don't know whether Tom will be here tonight or not.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom anything about that.
I didn't know Tom was going to be able to do that by himself.
I didn't know you were going to allow Tom to do that.
I'm going to buy a book for Tom for his birthday.
You don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
I didn't know whether Tom was a teacher or a student.
I'm certain Tom will figure out a way to do that.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know you're going to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be doing that this afternoon.
I'll probably do exactly the same thing Tom does.
The only one who didn't go hiking with us yesterday was Tom.
I didn't know Tom was so difficult to get along with.
I'd have waited a little bit longer than Tom did.
It's obvious Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
I didn't know Tom was going to let Mary do that again.
I'd have done that if I'd known Tom wanted me to.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't want to do that again?
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that again.
I wouldn't wait for Tom any longer if I were you.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't need to do that again?
I almost forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I wouldn't eat anything Tom cooked if I were you.
I wonder what made Tom think I didn't have to do that again?
Even though Tom is old, he can still sing quite well.
I wonder why Tom is so amused by what's going on.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
Does Tom always eat lunch at the same time every day?
I wonder whether Tom went wind surfing yesterday.
I was a little surprised by how well Tom could speak French.
Do you think Tom is glad that that's going to happen?
I wonder what made Tom think I needed to do that?
I think it's important for Tom to learn how to speak French.
Do you think Tom has ever figured out how to do that?
I wonder if Tom is still stranded on that island.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't need to do that.
Do you really think Tom was the first one to do that?
I wonder if I should go to church with Tom today.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't have to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and I often travel together?
I wish I'd known that Tom wasn't allowed in here.
I knew I should to tell Tom the truth, but I didn't want to.
"Is Tom a student?" "Yes, he's a university student."
I wish I'd done what Tom said he wanted me to do.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
You still don't know why Tom didn't do that, do you?
I wasn't scared of Tom, but Tom was scared of me.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to do that.
Won't you please tell Tom to do that this afternoon?
I wasn't at home when Tom dropped by for a visit.
I didn't know that Tom had intended to go with us yesterday.
Will Tom really be able to do that without any help?
I was surprised that Tom didn't know how to swim.
Even though Tom is quite old, he can still swim fairly well.
Why don't you ask Tom if he really wants to do that?
I used to stay with Tom whenever I was in Boston.
Do you have any idea what time Tom's train will be arriving?
Why did Tom agree to do that if he knew he couldn't?
I told Tom that he should speak to you in French.
You should let Tom know that you can take care of yourself.
It's entirely up to Tom whether he does that or not.
I thought Tom would go fishing with us yesterday.
You might get injured if you do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be possible for Tom to go there by bicycle.
I thought Tom would be able to stay until Monday.
You might get fired if you do that the way Tom told you to.
It would be foolish for Tom to go diving by himself.
I think we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
What could Tom possibly tell us that we don't already know.
It won't be any fun unless Tom goes dancing with us.
I think Tom didn't do that, but I could be wrong.
The only one here who's afraid to go bungee jumping is Tom.
It looks like you're quicker at doing that than Tom.
I think Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
Should I tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us?
It looks like Tom might be interested in doing that.
I recommend not doing that the way Tom suggested.
I'd rather let Tom have his own way than to argue about it.
If we're going to do that, let's ask Tom to help us.
I really don't understand why Tom didn't do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I've already tried doing that the way Tom suggested.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find his passport.
I wonder what made Tom think I wouldn't be able to do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that the way I suggested.
I hope Tom and I can figure out a way to do that.
I wonder what made Tom think I don't have to do that again?
I wonder why Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I hear that Tom will be giving a speech tomorrow.
I told Tom that I hadn't yet done what he'd asked me to do.
I wonder whether Tom really understands what I mean.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom suggested.
I think Tom is going to do the same thing he did yesterday.
I wonder what made Tom think I had to do that again?
I doubt that I can prove that Tom didn't do that.
I should've told Tom why he wasn't supposed to leave early.
I wonder if Tom will ever figure out how to do that.
I don't think you should tell Tom how to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still as strong as he used to be.
I don't think you should show Tom how to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still as strict as he used to be.
I don't think Tom wanted to go with us yesterday.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows who painted that picture.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom said I should do it.
I told Tom that he should try to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom knows who he can trust anymore.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to understand French.
I don't think Tom knows whether it's true or not.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to be doing that.
I think that Tom won't go swimming with us tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I think Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I don't think Tom knows that I think he's stupid.
You might get hurt if you do that the way Tom told you to.
I think Tom isn't going to stop crying anytime soon.
I don't think Tom knows much about his neighbors.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that again.
I think Tom is the only one here who isn't drinking.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoes yet.
Is it true that Tom is going to help clean out our garage?
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to speak French well.
If Tom had tried harder, he would've been able to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the trombone.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't the one who painted that picture.
I sure hope Tom waits until we get there to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need.
I wasn't aware that Tom was in the hospital all last week.
I should've asked Tom for permission to leave early.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was taken.
I told Tom I wouldn't be able to do that without his help.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom to stay.
I don't think Tom knows anything about carpentry.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in helping him do anything.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to stay in Boston all week.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Australia.
I think Tom might leave for Boston early tomorrow morning.
I honestly don't think Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think Tom knows any other way to do that.
I think Tom didn't go jogging yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I haven't yet done what Tom said he wanted me to do.
I don't think Tom has much experience doing that.
I should've told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
I don't think Tom would have the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom has any idea why that happened.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom suggested I should.
I don't think Tom knows how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think Tom has any friends here in Boston.
I don't think Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
I didn't think Tom would tell you how to do that.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what he had to do.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
I didn't think Tom would show you how to do that.
Even though Tom is very old, he can still swim quite well.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
I didn't know that you and Tom did that together.
You should tell Tom that you don't want to do that again.
I don't think Tom knows as many people here as I do.
I didn't know Tom was going to ask me to do that.
You probably won't be able to do that without Tom's help.
I don't think Tom knows about those kinds of things.
I didn't know Tom was going to Boston by himself.
You might get fired if you do that the way Tom suggested.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about classical music.
How did you know Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Were you the one who told Tom that he could probably win?
I don't think Tom has the time to do that right now.
Have you told Tom that you don't want to do that?
The only one here who wants to go camping with us is Tom.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy a new car.
From now on, we'll do that the way Tom suggested.
The only one here who doesn't want to go kayaking is Tom.
I don't care why Tom did that. I'm just glad he did.
Does Tom still go bowling as often as he used to?
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't done that.
I didn't think you were going to ask Tom to do that.
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that?
It sounds like Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I didn't know you were going to tell Tom what to do.
Do you think Tom will be the next one to do that?
It occurred to me that Tom might've done that on purpose.
I didn't know that Tom would be in Boston this week.
Do you think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30?
If you don't want to go to the supermarket, I'll ask Tom.
I didn't know Tom would be here, but I'm glad he is.
Do you think Tom was amused by what was going on?
If Tom can't do that, we'll need to find someone who can.
I didn't know Tom was going to allow Tom to do that.
Do you think Tom can really take care of himself?
If Tom can't do that, I'm sure I won't be able to either.
How did you figure out Tom was the one who did that?
Do you really think Tom's speech was interesting?
I'm not the only one who knows where Tom hides his money.
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do anymore?
Do you really think Tom can take care of himself?
I'm glad I wasn't the one who had to tell Tom to do that.
Do you think Tom will be present at today's meeting?
Do you mean you didn't study with Tom last night?
I wonder why Tom needs to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that yesterday?
Are you still waiting for Tom to do that for you?
I wonder who'll tell Tom that he shouldn't be doing that.
Do you really think Tom will be hesitant to do that?
You won't be able to do that without Tom's help.
I wonder what made Tom think that you thought I did that?
Do you really think Tom was the last one to do that?
Wouldn't it be suspicious if Tom didn't do that?
I wonder if Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to do that.
Do you really think Tom might be tempted to do that?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that again?
I think Tom is the only one in his family who can't swim.
Do you really think Tom is interested in doing that?
Why don't you let Tom eat the last piece of pie?
I think Tom is leaving Boston at the end of the semester.
You seemed to be surprised when Tom didn't do that.
Why didn't you do that the way Tom asked you to?
I think Tom doesn't live very near the school he goes to.
What Tom was eating wasn't an apple. It was a pear.
What makes you think Tom didn't want to do that?
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom not to leave.
Wasn't Tom supposed to stay in Boston until Monday?
What makes you think Tom didn't need to do that?
I knew I had to tell Tom the truth, but I didn't want to.
Was Tom really able to eat everything on his plate?
What makes you think Tom didn't have to do that?
I don't think Tom will be able figure out how to do that.
The only one here who doesn't like swimming is Tom.
Unfortunately, Tom did what you told him not to.
I don't think Tom knows that I've never done that before.
The only one here who doesn't like kayaking is Tom.
There's no way I'm going to go jogging with Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to do what Tom wants me to do.
The only one here who doesn't enjoy fishing is Tom.
The question is whether Tom will do that or not.
I don't see why Tom should care whether I do that or not.
Should I tell Tom that we don't want to do anymore?
The book Tom was reading wasn't a romance novel.
Do you think Tom would've done that if we'd asked him to?
It's doubtful whether Tom can take care of himself.
Should I tell Tom that we don't want to do that?
Do you think Tom would care if I ate one of these donuts?
Isn't it obvious that Tom was the one who did that?
Please tell Tom what you think needs to be done.
You might get hurt if you do that the way Tom suggested.
If you had been here yesterday, you'd have met Tom.
Please don't let Tom buy anything too expensive.
Why didn't you just tell Tom you didn't want to do that?
If it had rained yesterday, Tom wouldn't have gone.
Perhaps the only one here who can't swim is Tom.
When was the last time you heard Tom play the saxophone?
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that again.
Make sure that you don't do that while Tom is here.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom you're going to do that.
I'm sure that I drank more than Tom did last night.
It would be stupid for Tom to go diving by himself.
The police think that Tom probably died on October 20th.
I'd rather go to the dance by myself than with Tom.
It was Tom who told me I didn't need to do that.
Some people think that Tom should be the one to do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't do what we asked him to do.
It was Tom who told me I didn't have to do that.
Since Tom is sick, I'm sure he won't be at school today.
I wonder who told Tom that I couldn't speak French.
It seems like Tom didn't really want to do that.
Let's tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us.
I wonder whether Tom really went jogging yesterday.
If Tom can't do that, I'll find someone who can.
It's already 2:and Tom hasn't come yet. I wonder why.
I wonder what made Tom think I had to do that, too?
If Tom can do that, I'm sure I can do that, too.
It was pretty obvious that Tom was the one who did that.
I wonder if Tom really wants us to do that for him.
I've never used that briefcase that Tom gave me.
It was careless of Tom to leave the key in the ignition.
I wonder if Tom really needs us to do that for him.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't have done that by himself.
It looks like Tom will be present at tomorrow's meeting.
I won't be able to do that any better than Tom can.
I'm sure Tom will be able to do that eventually.
If you don't want to do that for Tom, then do it for me.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't understand French.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know I could do that.
I'm the one who told Tom that he needed to study French.
I told Tom that he's been doing that the wrong way.
I'm pretty sure Tom did that while he was drunk.
I'm sure Tom didn't want to be the first one to do that.
I thought you said you'd never go cycling with Tom.
I'm not sure whether Tom is still asleep or not.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I thought that Tom didn't know how to speak French.
I'm glad to hear Tom waited for you to help him.
I'll try to find out why Tom did that the way he did it.
I think Tom will very likely be at today's meeting.
I'd rather stay here than go to Boston with Tom.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
I think Tom will be staying in Boston until Monday.
I'd expected Tom to go hiking with us yesterday.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't tell me what I wanted to know.
I think Tom will be able to figure out how do that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom doesn't come with us.
I wish Tom would wear that motorcycle helmet I gave him.
I think Tom was supposed to go to school yesterday.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't made me.
I wasn't really paying attention to what Tom was saying.
I think I won't need to ask Tom to help me do that.
I wonder whether Tom wanted me to do that today.
I think it'd be better to do that the way Tom suggested.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do anymore.
I wonder if Tom was the one who left that there.
I think Tom will be able to figure out a way to do that.
I know Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I won't stop doing that, even if Tom asks me to.
I think Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that.
I wish I'd known that Tom wasn't a good swimmer.
I knew you wouldn't be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he had to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone mountain climbing with Tom.
I have no objection to your going to the dance with Tom.
I hope Tom won't wait too long before he does that.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom not to do that.
I gave my word to Tom that I wouldn't leave without him.
I hope Tom can teach me how to take care of myself.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I doubt that Tom will be able figure out how to do that.
I expect that Tom will do that before we get there.
I wasn't much better at doing that than Tom was.
I don't think Tom knows what the homework assignment is.
I expect Tom to leave at about 2:this afternoon.
I wasn't aware that Tom was hoping I'd kiss him.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to park there.
I doubt that Tom is still interested in doing that.
I wasn't able to convince Tom to come back home.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows why you want me to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he'd done that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what's been happening here.
I was kind of surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think Tom knows what you're planning to do.
I told Tom not to do that, but he did it anyway.
Even though Tom is old, he can still do that quite well.
I don't think Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
I told Tom I had studied French for three years.
Do you really think Tom will be the next one to do that?
I don't think Tom knows much about classical music.
I told Tom I didn't study French in high school.
"What did you do with your old car?" "I sold it to Tom."
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that.
I think you'd better do what Tom told you to do.
Wouldn't it be better if Tom didn't do that by himself?
I don't think Tom knows as much about this as I do.
I think we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
Would Tom care if we started eating before he got here?
I don't think Tom has what it takes to be the boss.
I think we need to do that before Tom gets here.
Why didn't you tell Tom that he didn't need to do that?
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy a ticket.
I think Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
Why didn't you tell Tom that he didn't have to do that?
I don't think Tom has any idea what should be done.
I think I've convinced Tom not to do that again.
What makes you think that Tom was the one who did that?
I don't think Tom has any idea what has to be done.
I think I'll need to ask Tom to help me do that.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to go to Boston with us.
I don't think Tom has any friends who speak French.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that.
It looked like Tom was interested in what was going on.
I don't think Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
I know that you and Tom didn't do that together.
I'm sure Tom didn't want to be the last one to do that.
I don't recommend doing that the way Tom suggested.
I know Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I'd be willing to do almost anything Tom asks me to do.
I don't know whether Tom is a student or a teacher.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get the jar open.
I wondered how Tom had learned to speak French so well.
I didn't want to do that the way Tom said I had to.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get the box open.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that the way I asked him to.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what to do.
I knew I wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I wonder why Tom pretended he didn't understand French.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom to do that.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I needed to do.
I wonder what made Tom think I wanted to do that again?
I didn't know you were going to ask Tom to do that.
I guess I should've expected Tom to leave early.
I wonder what made Tom think I needed to do that again?
I didn't know Tom would be doing that this morning.
I expected Tom to leave early yesterday morning.
I wasn't the only one who knew where Tom hid his money.
I didn't know Tom was going to allow me to do that.
I expected Tom to go swimming with us yesterday.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in working for him.
Does it really matter whether Tom does that or not?
I don't think Tom will be able to do that again.
I think Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
Do you think Tom would be interested in doing that?
I don't think Tom really needs to do that again.
I think Tom is the only one in his family who can swim.
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that that way?
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help him.
I think Tom doesn't win very often when he plays chess.
Do you think Tom is still interested in doing that?
I don't think Tom knows what he's talking about.
I think Tom didn't do that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
Do you really think Tom will be at today's meeting?
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to do yet.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he shouldn't do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and I often sing together?
I don't think Tom knows how to use a slide rule.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he needed to do that.
Did Tom say how many people have agreed to do that?
I don't think Tom knows he has to do that today.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom to do that.
Both of Tom's brothers can take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you today.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
As a matter of fact, Tom didn't do that by himself.
I don't think Tom has the confidence to do that.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
Apparently, Tom is the only one who didn't do that.
I don't think Tom has as much free time as I do.
How did you find out Tom didn't have to do that?
Could you put this into the box on the table, and then put that box over with all the other boxes?
I don't think Tom has any experience doing that.
Hide the money somewhere that Tom won't find it.
"Did you go to Boston?" "No I didn't." "How about Chicago?" "No, I didn't go to Chicago either."
I don't think Tom could've done that any better.
Do you think we can get Tom to agree to do that?
I usually go to Boston for my summer vacation, but this year I'm planning to go to Chicago.
I don't know whether Tom's done that yet or not.
Do you think Tom still remembers how to do that?
It may seem like a lot of trouble to do that, but in the end, you'll be happy you did it.
I don't know whether Tom lives in Boston or not.
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that again?
"Did you go to Boston?" "No, I didn't." "How about Chicago?" "Yes, I did go to Chicago."
I don't know what Tom does on Monday afternoons.
Do you think Tom is difficult to get along with?
Yesterday I had some free time for the first time in a long time, so I went swimming.
I didn't think Tom would tell me how to do that.
Do you think Tom can still take care of himself?
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I didn't think Tom would show me how to do that.
Do you really think Tom will be able to do that?
It'll take longer to tell you how to do that than to just go ahead and do it myself.
I didn't know you'd already told Tom what to do.
Are you still planning to go to Boston with Tom?
The man wearing a black coat seemed to be talking to the woman wearing a red scarf.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom do that.
Are you still going to spend Christmas with Tom?
My father says that he won't allow me to do that until I graduate from high school.
I didn't know you needed to tell Tom what to do.
You should tell Tom that he probably won't win.
I wouldn't have agreed to do that if I'd know how much time it was going to take.
I didn't know Tom would go to Boston by himself.
You seem convinced that Tom could do that by himself.
I'm looking for someone to help me translate something from French into English.
I didn't know Tom knew how to cook Mexican food.
Why don't you ask Tom what he's planning to do?
You're likely to get injured again if you do that the way you did it last time.
I definitely drank more than Tom did last night.
Why didn't you tell Tom that he had to do that?
I usually go to Boston for my summer vacation, but last year I went to Chicago.
I advised Tom to leave his passport in the safe.
Whenever I see Tom, I'm reminded of his father.
You'll probably get injured again if you do that the way you did it last time.
I advised Tom not to wait any longer to do that.
When I started to do that, Tom told me to stop.
I used that yellow piece of cloth you gave me to make curtains for my bedroom.
How were you able to do that without Tom's help?
There isn't any need for Tom to go there alone.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that in less than three hours.
How did you find out Tom didn't want to do that?
The question is whether Tom can do that or not.
You're likely to get hurt again if you do that the way you did it last time.
How did you find out Tom didn't need to do that?
The last time I saw Tom smile was last October.
I've never been to Boston, but I definitely hope I can visit Boston someday.
Tom wasn't the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on Park Street.
Please tell Tom he has to get home before 2:30.
I could've stayed in Boston for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
Tom intended to leave the day before yesterday, but didn't leave until yesterday.
Please tell Tom I need to get home before 2:30.
How long does it usually take you to get to your office from where you live?
Tom planned to leave yesterday, but something came up, so he's leaving tomorrow.
It's entirely up to Tom whether he goes or not.
Could you also buy a couple of loaves bread while you're at the supermarket?
Tom is the only one in our group who knows how to start a fire without matches.
It's doubtful whether Tom will be able do that.
You'll probably get hurt again if you do that the way you did it last time.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
It's doubtful that Tom will be able to do that.
Which would be more convenient for you, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?
Tom said he was going to go the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
It's been three years since I've talked to Tom.
One of my children was born in Boston. The other two were born in Chicago.
Tom isn't the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
It'd be safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
I've tried sleeping with that new pillow you gave me, but I don't like it.
Tom admitted that the wasn't really as easy as he thought it was going to be.
It looks like Tom was the first one to do that.
I'm able to understand French fairly well, but I don't speak it very well.
Tom told me he got the tattoo on his right arm when he was living in Boston.
It looks like Tom is amused by what's going on.
I wouldn't have even tried to do that if you hadn't been there to help me.
Tom told me he found something in the garden that I might be interested in.
I'm sure Tom will be able take care of himself.
I used that canteen you gave me when I went mountain climbing last summer.
Tom seemed to be paying more attention in class today than he usually does.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't believe that.
It took me a long time to realize that I wasn't doing that the right way.
Tom said he was going to go to Boston and see if he could find a job there.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has already done that.
I ate the whole sandwich even though I thought it didn't taste very good.
Tom is the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
I'm not the one who advised Tom not to do that.
You might get injured again if you do that the way you did it last time.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could've done that by himself.
I'm not scared of Tom, but Tom is scared of me.
The longer you put off doing that, the harder it's going to be to do it.
Tom would probably still be in Boston if he didn't have to be in Chicago.
I'm going to do that the way Tom said I should.
If it's too much trouble for you to do that, then don't bother to do it.
Tom suggested that we do that the day after tomorrow instead of tomorrow.
I'll help Tom figure out what needs to be done.
I speak to my older brother in French and my younger brother in English.
Tom is the only one who even attempted to do something about the problem.
I'd really like to know why Tom didn't do that.
How long do you think it would take me to walk from here to the station?
Tom is interested in history, so I'll buy him this book for his birthday.
I'd never have done that if Tom had been there.
If it's too much trouble for you to do that, then don't worry about it.
Tom admitted that he didn't really know what he was supposed to be doing.
I'd like to know the reason why Tom isn't here.
If I'd known it was going to make you angry, I wouldn't have done that.
Tom would be very disappointed if you didn't eat the salad that he made.
I'd like to get a trumpet like the one Tom has.
I spend all day speaking French at work and only speak English at home.
Tom usually stays at Hilton Hotels when he visits cities that have them.
I wonder who'll tell Tom what needs to be done.
How many minutes does that take to walk from your house to the station?
Tom didn't seem to be surprised when I told him about what had happened.
I wonder which car in the parking lot is Tom's.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing that the wrong way.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if you'd shown him how.
I wonder if Tom will figure out how to do that.
It seemed like a good idea at the time, but I wish I hadn't done that.
Tom didn't seem very surprised when I told him about what had happened.
I wonder if Tom is still determined to do that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that without some help.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
I wonder if Tom can do that as well as you can.
You might get hurt again if you do that the way you did it last time.
Tom used to put red wine in the refrigerator, but he doesn't anymore.
I wasn't told why Tom wasn't allowed to see me.
Monday is the only day of the week that I don't get home before 2:30.
Tom is the only one who even tried to do something about the problem.
I wasn't sure how to respond to Tom's question.
It took me a long time to realize that I wasn't doing that correctly.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in anything that was happening.
I told Tom you didn't know how to speak French.
I tried speaking French to the waiter, but he couldn't understand me.
Tom and I have decided not to talk to our children in French anymore.
I told Tom to put the eggs in the refrigerator.
We'd have been able to do that faster if we'd read the instructions.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if you'd helped him.
I told Tom I didn't take French in high school.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing that incorrectly.
Tom wasn't the only one who tried to do something about the problem.
I told Tom I couldn't do that without his help.
It took me a long time to realize I wasn't doing that the right way.
Tom used to go swimming with us quite often, but he doesn't anymore.
I thought Tom was having a good time in Boston.
If it's raining tomorrow, I'll probably stay inside and read a book.
Tom had intended to be here today, but he had to go to the hospital.
I think we should do that before Tom gets here.
I wasn't sure whether I should press the red button or the blue one.
Tom won't likely admit that he doesn't really know what he's doing.
I think it's important for Tom to learn French.
I'm not sure whether I should press the red button or the blue one.
Tom will try to leave his suitcases here, but please don't let him.
I think Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I'd like to know whether you'd like to go to Boston with us or not.
Tom isn't the only one who tried to do something about the problem.
I think I'll go to church with Tom next Sunday.
I still live in Boston, but my family has already moved to Chicago.
Tom is the only other guy who said he was interested in doing that.
I shouldn't have gone to the beach without Tom.
I probably would've been forgiven for doing that if I'd apologized.
Tom won't likely admit that he doesn't really know how to do that.
I should tell Tom that I won't do that anymore.
You'll never know whether you can do that or not if you don't try.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
I know that you and Tom didn't travel together.
Tomorrow I won't be here, but I'll be here the day after tomorrow.
Tom tried to talk me into eating some very strange-smelling fruit.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to do that by himself.
There's an old tractor in the barn that hasn't been used in years.
Tom seemed to never know exactly what he was supposed to be doing.
I doubt that Tom is still desperate to do that.
Please don't bother to come in to the office if the weather's bad.
Tom seemed to be unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
I doubt that Tom has the confidence to do that.
I'm better at cooking Thai food than I am at cooking Mexican food.
Tom never seemed to know exactly what he was supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I was going to study French, but decided to study English instead.
Tom likes it when I laugh at his jokes, even if they aren't funny.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that.
I speak French only just a little bit better than I speak English.
Tom isn't supposed to help me this afternoon, but he says he will.
I don't think Tom knows what's really going on.
That never would've happened if you'd done what I told you to do.
Tom doesn't really enjoy eating at expensive restaurants, does he?
I don't think Tom knows what's going to happen.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing that the wrong way.
Tom didn't seem to still be having a hard time doing that, did he?
I don't think Tom knows that I have three cats.
I needed to stay in Boston longer than I thought I would need to.
Tom would've done that by now if he was really planning to do it.
I don't think Tom knows how to play backgammon.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that in less than three hours.
Tom wasn't the only guy who said he was interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom knows how to get to my place.
I didn't put the eggs in the refrigerator like I was supposed to.
Tom wasn't supposed to come over yesterday afternoon, but he did.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be fired.
Do you really think it's a good idea for you to agree to do that?
Tom told me that he doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how to do that.
You'll never know whether or not you can do that unless you try.
Tom said that starting tomorrow I didn't have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows anything about fishing.
When the dog wants to go outside, he goes to the door and barks.
Tom probably shouldn't have bought such an expensive bass guitar.
I don't think Tom knows anything about farming.
We didn't stay in Boston as long as we thought we were going to.
Tom isn't wrong about that, but he's wrong about everything else.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who can do that.
I'd like to do that, but unfortunately I don't have enough time.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
I don't think Tom knows any of the details yet.
I was going to go to Boston last weekend, but something came up.
Tom is worried that his cholesterol level might be a little high.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about alligators.
I shouldn't have hired a receptionist who couldn't speak French.
Tom has finally realized that he's been doing that the wrong way.
I don't think Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
I learned how to cook Chinese food while I was living in Boston.
Tom couldn't get back home today because his flight was canceled.
I don't think Tom has to be at today's meeting.
Do you really think you can swim to the other side of this lake?
Tom and I won't know whether we can do that or not unless we try.
I don't think Tom has as much patience as I do.
The police office told us that the bridge had been washed away.
Tom would likely complain if this kind of thing happened to him.
I don't know why Tom waited so long to do that.
Now that I'm retired, I hardly ever use an alarm clock anymore.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
I don't know whether Tom came by car or by bus.
Let's go by taxi, because we won't be able to park there.
I didn't want to do that the way Tom suggested.
Let's get up early tomorrow morning watch the sunrise together.
Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't have a driver's license.
I didn't understand what Tom was trying to say.
It sounds like you're going to be gone by the time I get there.
Tom isn't the only guy who said he was interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom would let you do that again.
I'm the only one in our class who doesn't want to study French.
Tom is the only one who tried to do something about the problem.
I didn't know Tom would be in Boston this week.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom is probably still the one responsible for getting that done.
I didn't know Tom would be embarrassed by that.
I want to do that. However, I don't have enough time right now.
Tom is a little worried about what might happen if he does that.
I didn't know Tom was the first one to do that.
I speak French fairly well, but not as well as I speak English.
Tom did that yesterday, so he wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom was going to need to do that.
I didn't think it would be safe for you to do that by yourself.
Tom would've won the race if he'd run just a little bit faster.
I didn't know Tom was going to be done by 2:30.
I didn't know you were going to be able to do that by yourself.
Tom was the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
I didn't know Tom was going to be back so soon.
I didn't have a pen, so I didn't write anything in my notebook.
Tom seems to be very interested in everything that's happening.
I always stay with Tom whenever I visit Boston.
I'll think it over and give you my answer in a couple of days.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
How many bottles of beer did you and Tom drink?
I wasn't sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
Tom wasn't wearing a baseball cap when I saw him this morning.
How do you know Tom isn't the one who did that?
I used that green piece of cloth you gave me as a table cloth.
Tom told me that he has decided not to eat any more junk food.
Does Tom always sneeze this much in the spring?
I didn't think you'd be able to move the sofa without my help.
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that again.
Do you think that Tom can take care of himself?
I didn't know you were going to be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom is wrong about that, but he's right about everything else.
Do you think Tom would really agree to do that?
Which city do you think is more dangerous, Boston or Chicago?
Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French.
Do you think Tom would be motivated to do that?
Where do you think the best place to pitch the tent would be?
Tom is the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
Do you think Tom will eat with us this evening?
It's cold outside, so you should wear a coat when you go out.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
Do you think Tom is still motivated to do that?
I'm sure we can do that, but we won't be able to do it today.
Tom didn't seem to be the only one who didn't know what to do.
Do you think Tom is still desperate to do that?
I'm not sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
Tom would probably go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
Do you really think Tom is finished doing that?
I'd like to spend my next summer vacation hiking and camping.
Tom will likely be the first one in our class to get married.
Do you really think Tom can do that by himself?
I'd like to do that, but unfortunately I don't have the time.
Tom wasn't wearing his favorite cap the first time I met him.
You're wondering why Tom did that, aren't you?
I wasn't very good at swimming until I took swimming lessons.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the combination to the safe.
You should've asked Tom before you left early.
I wanted to do that, but I was told that I wasn't allowed to.
Tom wasn't the only one in the nightclub who wasn't drinking.
You should ask Tom to tell you how to do that.
I think I'm probably not as good at French as you think I am.
Tom was snoring so loudly that I could hear him from my room.
You should ask Tom to show you how to do that.
I haven't been back to Boston since I graduated from college.
Tom wants you to do that so he doesn't have to do it himself.
Would you have done that the same way Tom did?
I can think of a lot of reasons why we shouldn't leave early.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that until October.
Why do you think Tom was the one who did that?
How many different kinds of cheese did you put on this pizza?
Tom said he needed at least $to buy everything he needed.
Why didn't you do that the way Tom showed you?
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't do that without my help?
Tom made the mistake of trying to do that when he was sleepy.
When was the last time you heard Tom complain?
Tomorrow I won't do that, but I will the day after tomorrow.
Tom isn't the only one who knows the combination to the safe.
What did Tom tell you you were expected to do?
This book is more interesting than the one I read last week.
Tom is working at a shop that sells locally-grown vegetables.
Weren't you supposed to go to Boston with Tom?
The longer you wait, the harder it's going to be to do that.
Tom is the only one here who doesn't have a driver's license.
They wouldn't allow me to visit Tom in prison.
Take the books out of the boxes and put them on the shelves.
Tom is the only guy who said he was interested in doing that.
The only one here who can't go with us is Tom.
It'll probably take you about three hours to read this book.
Tom doesn't usually eat pizza because he doesn't like cheese.
Should I tell Tom that we won't do that again?
It looks like you'll be the next one who'll have to do that.
Tom doesn't eat meat, so let's go to a vegetarian restaurant.
Please tell Tom what you think should be done.
I've already tried doing that the way the way you suggested.
Tom didn't need to come into work today. I wonder why he did.
Please tell Tom what you think he ought to do.
I'm the only one in my family who knows how to speak French.
Tom would've left by now if he was really planning to leave.
Please tell Tom what you think he needs to do.
I'd like to know what's going to happen here this afternoon.
Tom won't be the first one in our family to visit Australia.
Please tell Tom what you think has to be done.
I think it's important for you to learn how to speak French.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know how to speak French.
Please don't let Tom leave before I get there.
I think it would be impossible for us to do that in one day.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he didn't want to do that.
Perhaps Tom would like you to do that for him.
I think it would be better if we waited a little bit longer.
Tom wasn't in a good mood when I talked to him this morning.
Maybe the only one here who can't swim is Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to do what you've asked me to do.
Tom was down here in the basement with me a few minutes ago.
It's 2:30, so I assume Tom is already at home.
I bet I can walk there faster than you can get there by car.
Tom said that he doesn't usually win when he plays checkers.
It was the first time for Tom to do that, too.
How many people do you think will be at the concert tonight?
Tom said he thought that I was the right person for the job.
It was Tom who was swimming with me yesterday.
After we finished weeding the garden, we went out for lunch.
Tom made the mistake of trying to do that when he was tired.
I've already told Tom why he needs to do that.
About how many hours do you think it'll take you to do that?
Tom isn't really planning to eat all that by himself, is he?
I'm the one who paid for Tom's French lessons.
You can probably learn how to do that in about three hours.
Tom is wearing mirrored sunglasses and a black baseball cap.
I'm sure Tom will figure out a way to do that.
This book isn't as interesting as the one I read last week.
Tom is the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
If you hadn't helped, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
Tom has agreed to stay and help us clean up after the party.
I'm sorry I forgot to show Tom how to do that.
If doing that had been important to me, I would've done it.
Tom and I had trouble making ourselves understood in French.
I'm not sure if Tom is still in Boston or not.
I'm probably the only one around here who can speak French.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really the first one to do that.
I'm not sure how to respond to Tom's question.
I was interested in doing that, but I tried not to show it.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really interested in doing that.
I'm not much better at doing that than Tom is.
I thought we had agreed you weren't going to do that again.
Tom admitted that he didn't really know how to speak French.
I'm not interested in doing anything with Tom.
I think I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
Tom would be disappointed if you didn't eat what he cooked.
I'll see if I can get Tom to agree to do that.
I need a small screwdriver. Do you have one I could borrow?
Tom wondered how many people had already agreed to do that.
I wonder why Tom suggested we travel together.
I intend to come back to Boston before the end of the year.
Tom will be the first one in our family to visit Australia.
I wonder who Tom is going to take to the prom.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that by yourself.
Tom wasn't wearing his glasses when I saw him this morning.
I wonder whether Tom know how to speak French.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to convince you to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have a driver's license.
I wonder whether Tom can take care of himself.
How long would it take you to walk to your house from here?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to sing country music.
I wonder where Tom had learned French so well.
Don't make me wish I didn't give you permission to do that?
Tom very rarely sleeps for more than three hours at a time.
I wonder what made Tom think I had to do that?
Could you go and find out when the ferry is going to leave?
Tom told me that he was glad that that was going to happen.
I wonder if Tom is still reluctant to do that.
After we finish weeding the garden, let's go out for lunch.
Tom told me he thought it would be OK to eat these berries.
I wonder if Tom is still motivated to do that.
About how long does it take from your house to the station?
Tom told me he had a daughter he'd like to introduce me to.
I wonder if Tom is still desperate to do that.
You should've told me that I was doing that the wrong way.
Tom told me he didn't have very much experience doing that.
I wonder if Tom can figure out how to do that.
We won't know whether we can do that or not unless we try.
Tom stressed that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
I won't be able to do that without Tom's help.
We used that whole bag of charcoal for our barbecue party.
Tom said we could use his cabin near the lake this weekend.
I wasn't the one who convinced Tom to do that.
The reason I originally came to Boston was to study music.
Tom isn't much of a singer, but he's a fantastic guitarist.
I wasn't sure how to respond to Tom's request.
I'm the only one in my family who has ever studied French.
Tom hopes he'll be able to get back to Boston next October.
I wasn't aware that Tom had already gone home.
I'm going to live in Boston for at least three more years.
Tom had intended to do that today, but he didn't have time.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't speak French.
I'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what was going on.
I told Tom that I wasn't able to speak French.
I think it would be possible for us to do that in one day.
Tom and I have been studying French together all afternoon.
I told Tom that I didn't want to study French.
I think I'm probably better at French than you think I am.
Tom wasn't worried about what might happen if he did that.
I thought Tom was wasting his time doing that.
I realized I shouldn't have done that as soon as I did it.
Tom wasn't watching TV when I looked into the living room.
I thought Tom said he wasn't ready to do that.
I often listen to audiobooks while looking after the baby.
Tom wasn't the only one without enough money for the trip.
I thought Tom said he wasn't planning to stay.
I met one of the teachers who teach French at your school.
Tom wasn't the only one in the classroom when I got there.
I think you should let Tom do that by himself.
I don't know how to do that. Would you please show me how?
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I think that Tom should be the one to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that without some help.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
I think that Tom is reading a detective novel.
I didn't think you could do that in less than three hours.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
I think Tom would like you to do that for him.
I can understand some French, but I can't really speak it.
Tom wasn't the first one in our family to visit Australia.
I think Tom would do that if you asked him to.
How long does it take to get to the train station on foot?
Tom wasn't as heavy as me last year, but now he's heavier.
I think Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
"I'll do that tomorrow." "That's what you said yesterday."
Tom wasn't able to remember what he'd eaten for breakfast.
I think Tom stayed at his uncle's last summer.
You should've waited until Monday to come back to Boston.
Tom was the only one who was able to do that without help.
I think Tom is still interested in doing that.
You don't have to do that now if you aren't feeling well.
Tom wanted to do that by himself, but I begged him not to.
I think Tom could leave today if he wanted to.
You could've gone home early yesterday if you'd wanted to.
Tom tried to eat everything on his plate, but he couldn't.
I think Tom can understand French fairly well.
Without your help, we wouldn't have been able to do that.
Tom told us that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Where do you think would be the best place to put the statue?
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that at night.
I think I can speak French as well as Tom can.
Tomorrow I won't swim, but I will the day after tomorrow.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that this week.
I think I can get Tom to do that if you can't.
There are a lot of Canadians living in this neighborhood.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
I may sing with Tom's band again next weekend.
It would've been great if we could've done that together.
Tom said he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
I know Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I'd put the mayonnaise in the refrigerator if I were you.
Tom probably won't get back to Boston again until October.
I hope that Tom leaves a piece of cake for me.
I wish you'd told me that I was doing that the wrong way.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to sing country music.
I hope Tom didn't think I was afraid to fight.
I think I'll go swimming as soon as I finish my homework.
Tom is the only one who knows the combination to the safe.
I have a feeling Tom can take care of himself.
I speak French only slightly better than I speak English.
Tom hopes to be able to stay in Boston until next October.
I forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I speak French much better than anyone else in my family.
Tom finished reading the magazine and put it on the table.
I explained to Tom why we had to go to Boston.
I regret not studying French harder when I was in school.
Tom doesn't really think I ate his piece of cake, does he?
I don't want to do that the way Tom suggested.
I knew I wouldn't be able to do that, but I tried anyway.
Tom didn't seem very surprised when I told him about that.
I don't think Tom will be back until tomorrow.
I don't usually use an amp when I'm practicing my guitar.
Tom didn't seem to know that you and I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows where his umbrella is.
How long does it take to get to the train station by bus?
Tom didn't seem to be convinced that he needed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows what to do about that.
How long did it take you to your office from the airport?
Tom won't ever admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows what he's going to do.
Do you really think it's a good idea to agree to do that?
Tom wasn't upset when I told him about what had happened.
I don't think Tom knows what he should do yet.
Because the weather is bad, the picnic has been canceled.
Tom wasn't the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to do yet.
As soon as you tell me what needs to be done, I'll do it.
Tom wasn't the only one at the party who wasn't drinking.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm not Canadian.
You should practice speaking French as often as you can?
Tom wasn't the one who took out the garbage this morning.
I don't think Tom knows that I don't like him.
You probably shouldn't be eating as much meat as you do.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
I don't think Tom knows much about alligators.
You could probably use a magnet to pick up those screws.
Tom wasn't the one sitting the closest to the microphone.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the cello.
When was the last time you didn't pay your rent on time?
Tom wasn't as heavy as I was when we were in high school.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook very well.
What kind of bait do you think would be the best to use?
Tom wanted to walk home, but his mother wouldn't let him.
I don't think Tom has to worry about that yet.
We probably won't be in Boston again until next October.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you now.
We only use this generator when there is a power outage.
Tom seemed to be the only one who didn't know what to do.
I don't think Tom has those kinds of problems.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that.
The more you do that, the better you'll get at doing it.
Tom looked all over for his keys, but couldn't find them.
I don't think Tom has the patience to do that.
Please take this medicine after meals three times a day.
Tom isn't worried about what might happen if he did that.
I don't think Tom has as much patience as you.
No matter what you say, I'm going to do that my own way.
Tom isn't the only one without enough money for the trip.
I don't think Tom has as many friends as I do.
No matter how much you offer to pay me, I won't do that.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.
Let's not stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
Tom isn't the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
I don't think Tom has any friends his own age.
It would've been great if we could've traveled together.
Tom isn't the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
I don't think Tom can do that without my help.
It looks like you'll be the next one who has to do that.
Tom is the only one who was able to do that without help.
I don't know why Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
If I had more experience, I could probably get that job.
Tom has decided to stay in Boston for another three days.
I'm the only one in our class who wants to study French.
Tom has been staying with his grandparents since October.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that again.
I'm not the only one here who knows how to speak French.
Tom doesn't really think that I ate a cockroach, does he?
I didn't know that Tom was good at doing that.
I'll be going back to Boston right after tonight's game.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy himself last night at the party.
I didn't know Tom was the last one to do that.
I wish I could speak French as well as a native speaker.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy himself at the party last night.
I didn't know Tom was going to let us do that.
I used some of the walnuts you gave me in these cookies.
Tom didn't seem to be the only one who wanted to do that.
I didn't know Tom was going to leave so early.
I thought I told you I didn't want you to do that again.
Tom will likely be too busy to do that until after 2:30.
I didn't do that the way Tom told me to do it.
I think Boston is larger than Chicago, but I'm not sure.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the safe's combination.
I can't believe that Tom did that to me.
I heard that you didn't do what you were supposed to do.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
How often does Tom wear that tie you gave him?
I had no desire to learn French until I moved to France.
Tom wasn't the first one in our family to go to college.
How did you know Tom was the one who did that?
I don't think I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
Tom wasn't as tall as me last year, but now he's taller.
Have you ever asked Tom why he didn't do that?
I didn't think you really needed to do that by yourself.
Tom was the only person to ever escape from that prison.
Does Tom know we can't take care of ourselves?
I didn't think I'd be able to do that without your help.
Tom used to do that quite often, but he doesn't anymore.
Do you think we can get Tom to do that for us?
I asked the man in the shop if he could lower the price.
Tom tried to do that again, but he still wasn't able to.
Do you think Tom is still hesitant to do that?
How long did it take you to do your homework last night?
Tom thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Do you think Tom can do that without any help?
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Do you know whether Tom went by car or by bus?
You can probably learn to do that in about three hours.
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Do you honestly think Tom has a chance to win?
Would you have done that if you hadn't been ordered to?
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Could Tom eat everything you put on his plate?
When you finish doing the laundry, please mow the lawn.
Tom seemed to be the only one who wasn't at the meeting.
Are you still planning on taking Tom with you?
What kind of furniture do you have in your living room?
Tom says he doesn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
You should tell Tom you're not likely to win.
This book is more interesting than that one over there.
Tom said he'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
You should just let Tom cry himself to sleep.
The last guy I went drinking with made me pay the bill.
Tom said he doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
You don't really think Tom does that, do you?
My favorite Stephen Foster song is "Beautiful Dreamer."
Tom said he didn't have very much experience doing that.
You and Tom didn't do that together, did you?
If you're going to sing tomorrow, let's do it together.
Tom isn't the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
Wouldn't you rather go to the beach with Tom?
I've never used a chisel before. Could you show me how?
Tom isn't the only one who knows the safe's combination.
Why didn't you do that the way Tom suggested?
I've already told you that I don't know how to do that.
Tom isn't the one who took out the garbage this morning.
When was the last time you heard Tom snoring?
I'm the only one in my family who doesn't speak French.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
What movie did Tom tell you he wanted to see?
I'm not usually the first one to get up in the morning.
Tom isn't the one sitting the closest to the microphone.
What game did Tom tell you he wanted to play?
I'm not a good enough swimmer to swim across the river.
Tom isn't supposed to be eating in the classroom, is he?
What did Tom say he was going to do tomorrow?
I won't know whether I can do that or not unless I try.
Tom is the only other person who didn't want to do that.
Weren't you supposed to go shopping with Tom?
I won't be able to do everything you've asked me to do.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have a driver's license.
We'll try to find out why Tom didn't do that.
I wish I could speak French as well as I speak English.
Tom didn't know it was impossible, so he tried doing it.
We both know Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I wasn't able to keep up with the rest of the students.
Tom and I don't ever stay angry at each other very long.
Wasn't Tom supposed to go with you yesterday?
I was the only one who didn't know how to speak French.
Tom would probably go hiking with us if we invited him.
Since Tom is sick, I'm sure he won't do that.
I was able to sleep for about three hours on the plane.
Tom would probably do that for you if you asked him to.
Please make sure that Tom eat his vegetables.
I should've waited until Monday to come back to Boston.
Tom will probably be doing that early tomorrow morning.
Let's let Tom stay in our guest room tonight.
I probably won't be able to do everything I want to do.
Tom will need at least $to buy everything he needs.
It's a pity that Tom didn't agree to do that.
I probably won't be able to do everything I need to do.
Tom will likely be punished for eating all the cookies.
It'd be safer to do that the way Tom does it.
I probably won't be able to do everything I have to do.
Tom went yesterday, so he wouldn't have to go tomorrow.
It would be surprising if Tom didn't do that.
I looked at the clock and saw that it was already 2:30.
Tom wasn't wearing a straw hat the last time I saw him.
It seems that Tom doesn't do that very often.
I drove all night to get here in time for this meeting.
Tom wasn't very good at doing that when he was younger.
It looks like Tom is going to be early today.
I don't have a car, so I usually go to work by bicycle.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play this song.
It looks like Tom has no idea how to do that.
I didn't think you were going to have to do that again.
Tom wasn't the one who planted the roses in our garden.
If Tom doesn't come what are you going to do?
I didn't know you were going to be in Boston this week.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he'd like to do that.
If Tom asked you to do that, would you do it?
I can't remember what you told me I was supposed to do.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he wanted to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't in Boston now.
I can see Mt. Fuji from the house where I'm living now.
Tom wasn't at home when I went to visit him last night.
I'm pretty sure Tom wants to do that with us.
How long do you use a toothbrush before you replace it?
Tom told us he was too old to go out dancing all night.
I'm pretty sure Tom can take care of himself.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
Tom told me we didn't have to go to school next Monday.
I'm not the one who convinced Tom to do that.
You'll find what you're looking for in the top drawer.
Tom told me that he'd be gone by the time we got there.
I'm not sure if Tom can take care of himself.
Would you have eaten more if there'd been more to eat?
Tom told me he didn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
I'm not sure how to respond to Tom's request.
We should've gone sailing yesterday when it was windy.
Tom told me he could swim well, but he really couldn't.
I'll talk to Tom about what needs to be done.
It seems like you're glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
I'd be willing to do almost anything for Tom.
It looks like you're as determined to do that as I am.
Tom should've waited until Monday to go back to Boston.
I wouldn't tell Tom everything if I were you.
If you're planning to go to Boston, let's go together.
Tom says he'll do that, but I wonder if he really will.
I wouldn't have done that the way Tom did it.
If you know what needs to be done, go ahead and do it.
Tom says he wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
I wouldn't go camping with Tom if I were you.
I've never used a winch before. Could you show me how?
Tom says everyone he knows can take care of themselves.
I wouldn't do anything for Tom if I were you.
I've never used a lathe before. Could you show me how?
Tom said he'd walk the dog this morning, but he didn't.
I wonder why Tom's friends wouldn't help him.
I'm the only one in my family who has gone to college.
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that again.
I wonder why Tom is so determined to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I won't be able to do that alone.
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that again.
I wonder why Tom is planning to quit his job.
I'd probably have done exactly the same thing you did.
Tom said he needed at least $to buy what he needed.
I wonder why Tom is interested in doing that.
I wasn't really paying attention to what was going on.
Tom said everyone he knows can take care of themselves.
I wonder what made Tom think I could do that?
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that again.
Tom probably won't be able to do that without our help.
I wonder what Tom's motive for doing that is.
I think you'll be able to figure out a way to do that.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
I wonder if Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I spent my summer vacation traveling around Australia.
Tom is wearing clothes similar to what John is wearing.
I wonder if Tom actually did that by himself.
I regret that I wasn't as careful as I should've been.
Tom is the only person to ever escape from that prison.
I wish I'd known Tom wasn't going to do that.
I need to stay in Boston until the day after tomorrow.
Tom is the only one who handed in his homework on time.
I wish I'd done what Tom said I needed to do.
I knew it was wrong to do that, but I did that anyway.
Tom is the one who thought that we should take a break.
I wasn't entirely surprised to see Tom there.
I don't think I'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom is the one who taught me how to sing country music.
I wasn't aware that Tom used to be in prison.
I didn't know you were going to have to do that again.
Tom is probably not going to be in his office tomorrow.
I tried to sing that new song that Tom wrote.
I didn't know you wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom has until Monday to finish the report he's writing.
I told Tom that he should do that by himself.
I could be in Boston next Monday if you need me there.
Tom didn't want to be the first one to get off the bus.
I told Tom that I thought you were in Boston.
You didn't actually go to Boston by bicycle, did you?
Tom didn't seem to be very amused by what was going on.
I thought Tom had gotten out of the hospital.
You can probably read this book in about three hours.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in what was happening.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that anymore.
When was the last time you used a pair of binoculars?
Tom didn't seem to be having any difficulty doing that.
I think Tom will probably be able to do that.
We had more snow last year than we had two years ago.
Tom didn't seem to be convinced that he had to do that.
I think Tom probably already knows the truth.
The girl over there wearing a miniskirt is my sister.
Tom didn't have any money, so he couldn't buy a ticket.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom to do that.
Let's buy a couple of magazines to read on the train.
Tom and I couldn't make ourselves understood in French.
I think I drank more than Tom did last night.
It would've been better if you'd done that yesterday.
Tom admitted that he had never actually been to Boston.
I recommend doing that the way Tom suggested.
It might be possible to do that in about three hours.
Tom admitted that he didn't really know how to do that.
I really want to know why Tom didn't do that.
It looks like you're the next one who has to do that.
Tom admitted that he couldn't really understand French.
I know that you and Tom didn't sing together.
It looks like you're as reluctant to do that as I am.
Tom wouldn't have gone to Boston if he didn't have to.
I know I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
It looks like you're as motivated to do that as I am.
Tom wished that he had been the one who had done that.
I knew you wouldn't go to the dance with Tom.
It looks like you're as desperate to do that as I am.
Tom wasn't wearing a suit when I saw him this morning.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I should do.
Instead of going to Boston, you should go to Chicago.
Tom wasn't walking towards the station when I saw him.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I had to do.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's have a picnic.
Tom wasn't the only person who didn't want to do that.
I haven't done that as many times as Tom has.
If that's what you want to do, I'll help you do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that anymore.
I haven't been able to get a hold of Tom yet.
I'm the only one in this office who can speak French.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we take a break.
I don't wear the same size shirt as Tom does.
I'm the only one in my family who can't speak French.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I don't think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I'm not interested in learning how to cook Thai food.
Tom wasn't the first one who spoke to me this morning.
I don't think Tom knows you have a boyfriend.
I'm not as good at speaking French as you think I am.
Tom wasn't supposed to be at school today, but he was.
I don't think Tom knows who wants to do that.
I'd like you to stop by my office before you go home.
Tom wants us to know that he was the one who did that.
I don't think Tom knows who needs to do that.
I'd like to live in a quiet city with a lot of parks.
Tom used to do that a lot, but he seldom does anymore.
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I wouldn't have done that if you had asked me not to.
Tom told me that he was sure that was going to happen.
I don't think Tom knows much about Australia.
I was the only one on the bus, other than the driver.
Tom told me he found something that might interest me.
I don't think Tom knows how to read or write.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that again.
Tom thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the oboe.
I still think it won't be possible for us to do that?
Tom thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how deep the pool is.
I speak French better than most students in my class.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that again.
I don't think Tom knows anyone at our school.
I speak French better than anyone else in the office.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom has very many friends here.
I sorry that I wasn't as careful as I should've been.
Tom said he wished he could figure out how to do that.
I don't think Tom has to go there by himself.
I should've stayed in Boston for another week or two.
Tom said he was pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
I don't think Tom has much money in the bank.
I saw you waiting for someone in front of the school.
Tom said he didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
I don't think Tom has as many stamps as I do.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston all month.
Tom said he didn't think he had any chance of winning.
I don't think Tom has any plans for tomorrow.
I haven't yet done what you said you wanted me to do.
Tom said he couldn't remember where he parked his car.
I don't think I can talk Tom into doing that.
I haven't yet done what you said I needed to be done.
Tom said he could do that, but in reality he couldn't.
I don't care if Tom agrees to do that or not.
I don't think I can wear something like that to work.
Tom now knows that he's been doing that the wrong way.
I don't believe Tom can take care of himself.
I didn't think you were going to do that by yourself.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to play this song.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't a student here.
I didn't think you were going to be ready to do that.
Tom isn't the one who planted the roses in our garden.
I didn't know that Tom had already gone home.
I didn't think you were going to allow me to do that.
Tom is worried about what might happen if he did that.
I didn't know Tom was in Boston last weekend.
I didn't think you really had to do that by yourself.
Tom is too out of shape to have any chance of winning.
I didn't know Tom was going to do that again.
I definitely don't have enough time to do that today.
Tom is the only one without enough money for the trip.
I didn't know Tom wanted to become a teacher.
I bought a pair of slacks with the money you gave me.
Tom is the only one who didn't win some kind of prize.
I didn't know Tom could speak French so well.
How long will it take you to get to Boston from here?
Tom is the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I didn't do what Tom said he wanted me to do.
How long did it take you to get to the train station?
Tom is the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
How was Tom able to do that without our help?
Even though it's raining, we're going out for a walk.
Tom is the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
How much did Tom pay you for mowing his lawn?
As soon as you tell me what I need to do, I'll do it.
Tom hopes he can to stay in Boston until next October.
How many songs did you and Tom sing together?
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.
Tom has some tools in his garage that he's never used.
How did you find out that Tom didn't do that?
You're already rich enough to buy anything you want.
Tom has his grandfather's old typewriter in the attic.
Do you think Tom would've done that that way?
You'll probably get injured if you do that that way.
Tom has been learning French for the last three years.
Do you think Tom would be tempted to do that?
Yesterday I didn't do that because I had a headache.
Tom didn't seem to know very much about what happened.
Do you think Tom was the last one to do that?
Yes, I did that and I'd do it again if had a chance.
Tom didn't seem to know a lot about what had happened.
Do you remember whether Tom was there or not?
Why didn't you tell me you weren't going to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be worried about what might happen.
Do you know whether Tom has done that or not?
When was the last time you wore this pair of gloves?
Tom didn't seem to be the only one who wanted to sing.
Ask Tom whether he's going to do that or not.
When I was a student, I used to do that quite often.
Tom didn't seem to be paying attention in class today.
After Tom got out of the bath, he ate dinner.
We're now using the old farmhouse as a storage shed.
Tom didn't seem to be having trouble opening the door.
You told Tom you didn't do that, didn't you?
We used a pump to get the water out of the basement.
Tom and I'll have to do that even if we don't want to.
You should let Tom know that you can't swim.
Unfortunately, I was busy yesterday and couldn't go.
Tom will get into trouble if he eats all the cookies.
You don't think Tom really did that, do you?
There's no doubt in my mind that we need to do that.
Tom will get in trouble if he eats all the ice cream.
You and Tom will travel together, won't you?
There are three people waiting for you in the lobby.
Tom wasn't the only one on the ship when it exploded.
You and Tom didn't travel together, did you?
Most people don't like to do that when it's snowing.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we leave early.
Wouldn't it be better if Tom didn't do that?
It's been a long time since we've traveled together.
Tom wasn't the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
When I told Tom I'd done that, he got angry.
It's already been three years since I last did that.
Tom wasn't the first one in our class to get married.
Whatever you do, don't go swimming with Tom.
It would've been great if we could've sung together.
Tom wasn't supposed to help us yesterday, but he did.
What made you think Tom has never done that?
It would be impossible for us to do that in one day.
Tom told me he slept for only three hours last night.
What did Tom tell you he was supposed to do?
It was lucky that you did that while you still could.
Tom told me he didn't have time to do that right now.
What did Tom tell you he was expected to do?
It looks like you're as hesitant to do that as I am.
Tom thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
We expect Tom to leave in a couple of hours.
Is it possible to buy something to eat on the train?
Tom thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Wasn't Tom supposed to get home before 2:30?
Instead of going to Boston, I want to go to Chicago.
Tom thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Warn Tom not to park his car near the river.
If you aren't careful, you're going to be suspended.
Tom seemed to still be having a hard time doing that.
There's no reason why Tom shouldn't do that.
If it's not raining tomorrow, let's go to the beach.
Tom seemed to be convinced that he needed to do that.
The only one who didn't go swimming was Tom.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's sing together.
Tom says he won't go out at night by himself anymore.
The movie Tom was watching wasn't in French.
If I tell you what needs to be done, will you do it?
Tom says he doesn't ever win when he plays badminton.
The language Tom was speaking wasn't French.
I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
The furniture that Tom bought was expensive.
I'm the only one here who doesn't understand French.
Tom said he hoped he could figure out how to do that.
Someone told me Tom didn't know how to swim.
I'm not the only one who wanted to do go home early.
Tom said he didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Please tell Tom what you think he should do.
I'd never seen you do anything that impolite before.
Tom said he didn't have enough time to do that today.
Maybe Tom would like you to do that for him.
I wasn't very good at dancing when I was a teenager.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
It's possible that Tom hasn't done that yet.
I wasn't able to do anything because it was raining.
Tom said he couldn't remember what needed to be done.
It's possible that Tom didn't do that alone.
I wanted to do that, but I was told that I couldn't.
Tom made the mistake of trying to do that by himself.
It's fortunate that Tom was able to do that.
I think we could take care of ourselves if we tried.
Tom isn't the only person who didn't want to do that.
It took Tom three years to write this novel.
I know it's wrong to do that, but I'll do is anyway.
Tom isn't the one who told me not to do that anymore.
If would be good for Tom to swim more often.
I knew you wouldn't be able to answer that question.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that we take a break.
I've already told Tom why he should do that.
I don't think this kind of cheese is very expensive.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I've already told Tom why he has to do that.
I don't intend to do the same thing I did last time.
Tom is the only other person who should've done that.
I've already told Tom he should leave early.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
Tom is the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
I've already told Tom he has to leave early.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that here.
Tom is the only one who knows the safe's combination.
I'm pretty sure that's not why Tom did that.
I didn't think that you wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom is the only one here who has a chance of winning.
I'm not going to go shopping with Tom today.
I didn't know you were going to do that by yourself.
Tom is the one who took out the garbage this morning.
I'm not going to ask Tom to help me do that.
I didn't know you were going to allow me to do that.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
I'm going to do that the way Tom told me to.
I could stay here in Boston until Monday, I suppose.
Tom is the one who recommended this restaurant to me.
I'll go surfing with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
How long would it take us to get to the zoo by taxi?
Tom is the one sitting the closest to the microphone.
I'd never have done that the way Tom did it.
How long does a tube of toothpaste usually last you?
Tom doesn't seem to have the energy to do that again.
I wouldn't tell Tom the truth if I were you.
Do you ever use those roller skates that I gave you?
Tom doesn't eat pizza because he doesn't like cheese.
I wouldn't lend Tom any money if I were you.
Do you always use a saddle when you ride your horse?
Tom didn't seem to understand what was going on here.
I wonder why Tom wasn't wearing his glasses.
Could you please shut the window? It's cold in here.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him about that.
I wonder why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
As soon as you tell me what I should do, I'll do it.
Tom didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave him.
I wonder why Tom suggested we sing together.
Are you still planning to stay here for a long time?
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to go yesterday.
I wonder why Tom is so reluctant to do that.
You should seriously consider not doing that again.
Tom didn't figure out how to go until just yesterday.
I wonder why Tom is so motivated to do that.
You looked like you were amused by what's going on.
Tom and I won't be able to do that without your help.
I wonder why Tom is so desperate to do that.
You didn't really go to Boston by bicycle, did you?
Tom's father was very angry when Tom came home late.
I wonder what Tom is hiding behind his back.
Why didn't you just say you didn't want to do that?
Tom will likely be too busy to eat until after 2:30.
I wonder if Tom is still tempted to do that.
When was the last time you used this tennis racket?
Tom wasn't the only person in the room at that time.
I wish Tom hadn't waited so long to do that.
What makes you think I don't want to do that again?
Tom wasn't the only other person who didn't do that.
I went to Tom's office, but he wasn't there.
What makes you think I don't need to do that again?
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that again.
I wasn't aware that Tom had moved to Boston.
What makes you think I don't have to do that again?
Tom wasn't the first person to ask me that question.
I wasn't able to help Tom with his homework.
Three women may come to talk to you this afternoon.
Tom wasn't the first one in our class to find a job.
I want to know if Tom needs to do that, too.
This book was more interesting that I had expected.
Tom was the last person at the table to stop eating.
I used to be quicker at doing that than Tom.
There are three women waiting for you on the porch.
Tom was going to go to Boston with me, but decided not to.
I understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
The basket you bought yesterday is under the table.
Tom used to smile a lot, but he seldom does anymore.
I tried to help Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
My mother used my old down jacket to make a pillow.
Tom told me to stop as soon as I started doing that.
I translated the letter into French for Tom.
Just as I was about to do that, it started raining.
Tom told me that you're good at playing the trumpet.
I thought that Tom didn't understand French.
It'll be a long time before I try doing that again.
Tom told me that he'd be present at today's meeting.
I thought Tom would tell you how to do that.
It looks like you're quicker at doing that than me.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
I thought Tom would show you how to do that.
It looks like you're getting ready to make a pizza.
Tom told me he didn't have to be at today's meeting.
I thought Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
It looks like you're as tempted to do that as I am.
Tom told me he didn't have enough money to buy that.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that again.
If it rains tomorrow, the picnic will be next week.
Tom told me he didn't have any brothers and sisters.
I think that Tom isn't the one who did that.
If it hadn't been raining yesterday, I'd have gone.
Tom thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
I think Tom would leave if you asked him to.
I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
I think Tom will probably be home on Monday.
I'm the only one in our class who can speak French.
Tom seems to be very interested in what's happening.
I think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm the only one in my family who can speak French.
Tom seemed to be the only one who wanted to do that.
I think Tom got home by himself last Monday.
I'm sure you'll figure out a better way to do that.
Tom says that the two of us should do that together.
I think Tom could've gotten home by himself.
I'm not very interested in learning how to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't eat at that restaurant anymore.
I still have no idea why Tom didn't do that.
I'm not afraid of snakes, unless they're poisonous.
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that again.
I should've told Tom why he needed to leave.
I'm going to buy that, no matter how much it costs.
Tom said he didn't think he was good enough for you.
I should've asked Tom why he didn't do that.
I'm glad that I'm not the worst player on our team.
Tom said he didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
I promised Tom that I'd never do that again.
I'll be going back to Boston after today's meeting.
Tom said he didn't have the energy to do that today.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom to do that.
I'd put the eggs in the refrigerator if I were you.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy a house.
I knew you wouldn't accept Tom's invitation.
I'd like to get a motorcycle like the one you have.
Tom said he could do that, but he actually couldn't.
I knew Tom would do what we asked him to do.
I'd have done that myself if I'd had the time.
Tom probably wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I hear Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'd have done that if I'd thought it was necessary.
Tom phoned to say he won't be here until after 2:30.
I haven't yet paid back the money I owe Tom.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't have enough time.
Tom knows he should do that, but he doesn't want to.
I haven't written to Tom since last October.
I tried to get some sleep, but it wasn't too noisy.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that we leave early.
I figured if Tom could do that, I could too.
I translated the document from French into English.
Tom isn't supposed to be at school today, but he is.
I expect Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
I think you need to cook this meat a little longer.
Tom is the only other person who could've done that.
I don't want to go to the beach without Tom.
I saw a man swimming across the river this morning.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
I don't understand why Tom hasn't done that.
I have an air conditioner, but I don't use it much.
Tom is supposed to be at school today, but he isn't.
I don't think Tom wanted to talk about that.
I don't think I'll be able to pass the examination.
Tom is never going to agree with you on this matter.
I don't think Tom knows you were helping me.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I want to do.
Tom is lucky that he can still take care of himself.
I don't think Tom knows you as well as I do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I need to do.
Tom is likely to do that as soon as you tell him to.
I don't think Tom knows who built his house.
I don't know whether that's going to happen or not.
Tom is already rich enough to buy anything he wants.
I don't think Tom knows who baked this cake.
I didn't think you'd be up so early in the morning.
Tom explained that he was the one who had done that.
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to do.
I didn't think you were going to forget to do that.
Tom doesn't want to do that today because he's sick.
I don't think Tom knows how worried you are.
I didn't think you could do that without some help.
Tom doesn't really want to do that with us, does he?
I don't think Tom knows how to ride a horse.
I didn't think it would be safe for you to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that again.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost.
I didn't know you'd be able to do that by yourself.
Tom didn't seem to be in much of a hurry to do that.
I don't think Tom knows everyone's name yet.
I didn't know you were going to be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows anything about this.
I didn't know you were finished doing that already.
Tom didn't have the courage to try doing that again.
I don't think Tom has time to do that today.
I didn't know you knew how to cook Indonesian food.
Tom didn't actually want to do that with us, did he?
I don't think Tom has as much money as I do.
I didn't have time to do everything I needed to do.
Tom came to the office this morning with a hangover.
I don't think Tom has any chance of winning.
How much did it cost you to eat at that restaurant?
Tom asked if the book I was reading was interesting.
I don't know why Tom does that, but he does.
How many kinds of cheese did you put on this pizza?
Tom and I couldn't have done that without your help.
I don't know what Tom does in his free time.
How long does it take to walk to the train station?
Tom and I both stayed at the bar until closing time.
I didn't think you'd show up at Tom's party.
How long do you think it would take you to do that?
Tom won't be leaving anything to his grandchildren.
I didn't think Tom would ask you to do that.
Do you know those people who're waiting over there?
Tom will probably sing that new song he just wrote.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like swimming.
You're probably the smartest student in our class.
Tom will probably go swimming again this afternoon.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like hot food.
You'll probably get fired if you do that that way.
Tom wasn't the only one who was one drunk at the party.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like his work.
You'll have to do that whether you like it or not.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like broccoli.
You'll definitely get a chance to do that someday.
Tom wasn't the only one at the meeting that I knew.
I didn't know Tom was the one that did that.
You should sing that new song you wrote last week.
Tom wasn't the manager of our team three years ago.
I didn't know Tom knew how to drive a truck.
Where do you usually go when you want to be alone?
Tom wasn't the last person who lived in this house.
I did everything Tom told me I needed to do.
Where are you going to spend your summer vacation?
Tom wasn't surprised when I told him what I'd done.
I asked Tom a couple of questions in French.
When was the last time you used this pair of skis?
Tom wasn't much of a dancer when he was a teenager.
How often does Tom's snoring keep you awake?
When was the last time you used this fishing pole?
Tom was lighter me last year, but now he's heavier.
How often does Tom eat dinner at your house?
There's so much to do and so little time to do it.
Tom was in Boston for about three months last year.
How did you know Tom didn't want to do that?
There are some good beaches not too far from here.
Tom took a day off from work because he had a cold.
How did you know Tom didn't need to do that?
The book I bought yesterday is pretty interesting.
Tom told me that he was present at today's meeting.
How did you know Tom didn't have to do that?
My parents and I moved to Boston when I was three.
Tom told me he wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Has Tom paid you back the money he owes you?
It looks like you're getting ready to go swimming.
Tom told me he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Do you still sometimes go swimming with Tom?
Is that the package you're sending to your father?
Tom told me he wasn't planning on eating out today.
Do you really think that Tom didn't do that?
If it rains tomorrow, the picnic will be canceled.
Tom thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Do you really think Tom will home on Monday?
I've never used this kind of bottle opener before.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Do you really think Tom will be disobedient?
I'm embarrassed because I can't do that very well.
Tom should seriously consider not doing that again.
Do you really think Tom will be cooperative?
I'm better at speaking French than you think I am.
Tom seemed to be a lot happier after you showed up.
Do you really think Tom was being sarcastic?
I'm better at cooking Thai food than Mexican food.
Tom seemed to be a little disappointed by the news.
Do you mean you didn't go swimming with Tom?
I'll give you this pair of boots if you want them.
Tom says that the two of us should travel together.
Do you know where Tom usually goes swimming?
I'd never seen you do anything that stupid before.
Tom said we didn't have to go if we didn't want to.
Do you know where Tom usually goes shopping?
I'd like to talk to you about tomorrow's schedule.
Tom said that the two of us should travel together.
Do you know if Tom can take care of himself?
I'd have done that if I'd known I was supposed to.
Tom said he'd fill out the application form for me.
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't do that?
I wouldn't tell you how to do that even if I knew.
Tom said he wouldn't go to that restaurant anymore.
Did Tom run as fast as you thought he could?
I wouldn't show you how to do that even if I knew.
Tom said he was pretty sure that you would do that.
Are you sure Tom isn't the one who did that?
I wish I'd done what you said you wanted me to do.
Tom said he didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Are you still just going to let Tom do that?
I wasn't able to do everything you asked me to do.
Tom said he didn't need your permission to do that.
Are you still going to vote for Tom Jackson?
I wanted to know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom said he didn't have your permission to do that.
You should try to do that the way Tom does.
I want to forget about what happened, but I can't.
Tom said he didn't have the nerve to do that again.
You should tell Tom he's not likely to win.
I think I've come up with a better way to do that.
Tom said he didn't have anything to complain about.
You ought to tell Tom not to do that again.
I still haven't done everything I was asked to do.
Tom said he didn't have any plans for next weekend.
What's Tom going to do with all that money?
I realized it was a mistake as soon as I did that.
Tom needs at least $to buy everything he needs.
What makes you think Tom wanted to do that?
I need to buy a new a pair of oars for my rowboat.
Tom isn't the one who told me not to do that again.
What makes you think Tom shouldn't do that?
I need to be in Boston by 2:tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is the person who suggested we try it this way.
What makes you think Tom needed to do that?
I missed the last bus and had to take a taxi home.
Tom is the only person I know here who can do that.
What did you really think of Tom's singing?
I heard that Boston is famous for beautiful women.
Tom is the only other person who wanted to do that.
We're not going to eat until Tom gets home.
I haven't lost as much weight as you think I have.
Tom is the only other person who needed to do that.
We all hope Tom does what he says he'll do.
I don't want to do that the way you say I have to.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play this song.
Should I tell Tom that we won't do anymore?
I don't often get home on Monday until about 2:30.
Tom is the one who planted the roses in our garden.
Please don't let Tom do anything dangerous.
I didn't think you were going to enjoy doing that.
Tom is now staying with his grandparents in Boston.
Perhaps you and Tom should travel together.
I didn't think you really needed to do that today.
Tom is likely to be retired by this time next year.
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom again.
I didn't know you'd be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom has been told not to try to do that by himself.
Many people think that Tom is undependable.
I didn't know you were going to ask me to do that.
Tom has a canoe in his garage that he's never used.
Let's try doing that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't know you didn't know how to speak French.
Tom gets home every Monday afternoon at about 2:30.
It's unlikely that Tom did that on purpose.
I didn't know that's what we should've been doing.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in making friends.
It's likely that Tom won't need to do that.
I didn't know that you didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in going anywhere.
It's likely that Tom won't have to do that.
I didn't have the courage to try doing that again.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in doing anything.
It's been three years since I last saw Tom.
I can speak French as well as I can speak English.
Tom didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did he?
It was Tom who told me I needed to do that.
How long do you think it would take us to do that?
Tom assured me that he wouldn't ever do that again.
It seems that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
How long do you think it would take me to do that?
Tom and I weren't the only ones who didn't do that.
It looks like Tom is determined to do that.
Could you lend me some money to buy some gasoline?
Tom and I tried to do that, but we weren't able to.
If you don't want to do that, I'll ask Tom.
Are you the one who usually takes out the garbage?
Tom and I have to do something we don't want to do.
I'm the one who's been teaching Tom French.
Are you suggesting that I can't do that by myself?
Tom admitted that he was the one who had done that.
I'm sure that Tom can take care of himself.
Are you still willing to help me clean the garage?
Tom admitted that he didn't really want to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't force you to do that.
Are you still going to go swimming this afternoon?
Tom admitted that he didn't really know what to do.
I'm not the one who advised Tom to do that.
"Will you be able to do that today?" "I think so."
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that any better.
I'm going to do that the way Tom suggested.
You're already old enough to do that by yourself.
Tom would've left early if he'd known he could've.
I'm convinced Tom can take care of himself.
You're already big enough to do that by yourself.
Tom would never leave Boston without his children.
I'll probably go hiking with Tom on Monday.
You'll probably get hurt if you do that that way.
Tom wondered how much time he'd have to eat lunch.
I'll go ask Tom if I can borrow his shovel.
You should've done that the day before yesterday.
Tom will never believe that I did that on purpose.
I'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
You could wait a little longer if you want me to.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't at the meeting.
I'd like to know why Tom shouldn't do that.
Why don't you just say you don't want to do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who noticed what happened.
I'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
Why didn't you tell me you were going to do that?
Tom wasn't the only one found alive on the island.
I wouldn't do that even if Tom asked me to.
Which of those people over there is your teacher?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to water ski.
I wouldn't ask Tom for money if I were you.
When you finish the laundry, please mow the lawn.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me with my homework.
I wonder why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
We're the ones who are supposed to be doing that.
Tom wasn't the one that told us about the problem.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that by himself.
There are both apples and oranges in the kitchen.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me about that.
I wonder why Tom always does that that way.
Please don't tell any of your friends about this.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here this morning.
Please advise me whether I should do that or not.
Tom was the only one who didn't eat lunch with us.
I wonder what made Tom think I can do that?
None of my children want to go to Boston with me.
Tom was the only one who didn't do that yesterday.
I wonder if Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Let's hope that we don't have to do this anymore.
Tom was shorter than me last year, but now he's taller.
I wonder if Tom wanted me to do that today.
Last summer, I went to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom wanted to be the first one to get off the bus.
I wonder if Tom really wants us to do that.
It's been a long time since we've eaten together.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't able to do it.
I wonder if Tom actually agreed to do that.
It would be fun to go mountain climbing with you.
Tom tried to do that again, but he couldn't do it.
I wonder how Tom learned French so quickly.
It seems like it might be a good idea to do that.
Tom told me that he thinks he'll do that tomorrow.
I wish Tom had stayed in Boston all summer.
It looks like you'll be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought he had a chance of winning.
I wish I had gone to Tom's party yesterday.
Is it OK if I eat one of the apples on the table?
Tom told me he didn't have much money in the bank.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom does.
Instead of going to Boston, I'm going to Chicago.
Tom told me he didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
I went to Boston with one of Tom's friends.
If you really try, you should be able to do that.
Tom told me he didn't get enough sleep last night.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't do that.
If you don't want to do that, I'll do it for you.
Tom thought he might have to do that this morning.
I was told that Tom wasn't to be disturbed.
If it had rained yesterday, I wouldn't have gone.
Tom thought he might be required to do that today.
I was told that Tom didn't need to do that.
If I tell you what you should do, will you do it?
Tom thought I was the only one who had to do that.
I was told that Tom didn't have to do that.
I've translated three French novels into English.
Tom thought I might not need to do that by myself.
I was Tom's French teacher for three years.
I'm sure I'll be able to do that sooner or later.
Tom thought I might not have to do that by myself.
I want to know if Tom has to do that today.
I'm sorry that I forgot to remind you to do that.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that today.
I thought Tom would tell me how to do that.
I'd never talk about what happened if I were you.
Tom should've gone to the hospital three days ago.
I thought Tom would show me how to do that.
I'd have done that if I'd known you wanted me to.
Tom should've been able to finish going yesterday.
I thought Tom was supposed to be in Boston.
I wouldn't have been able to do that without you.
Tom seemed to be very amused by what was going on.
I wouldn't be able to forget you even if I tried.
Tom seemed to be convinced that he had to do that.
I think Tom is still determined to do that.
I would've shown you how to do if you'd asked me.
Tom says that he'd be willing to do that for free.
I think Tom hasn't done that since October.
I wonder if we'll ever figure out how to do that.
Tom says he doesn't often win when he plays chess.
I think I left my French textbook at Tom's.
I wasn't the only one who was drinking dark beer.
Tom says I'm not an easy person to get along with.
I still can't believe Tom hasn't done that.
I wasn't strong enough to lift the box by myself.
Tom said that he didn't really feel like laughing.
I should've had you do that instead of Tom.
I want to get to be as good at French as you are.
Tom said he won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I know the reason why Tom hasn't done that.
I usually go to Boston about three times a month.
Tom said he was pretty sure that you wouldn't win.
I knew you'd want to go to Boston with Tom.
I translated the letter from French into English.
Tom said he thought it was unlikely that he'd win.
I knew Tom might not want to do that again.
I think you'll be able to figure out how do that.
Tom said he didn't have to go to Boston next week.
I knew I was going to have to wait for Tom.
I think it would be better if you stayed at home.
Tom said he didn't have any reason not to do that.
I hope Tom didn't say he wanted to do that.
I think it would be better if you didn't do that.
Tom probably won't be able to get home by himself.
I hope Tom can figure out a way to do that.
I think I've figured out a better way to do that.
Tom probably wishes he'd eaten more for breakfast.
I heard Tom is difficult to get along with.
I think I'm probably too out of shape to do that.
Tom probably shouldn't have bought what he bought.
I haven't yet convinced Tom not to do that.
I study French every morning before I go to work.
Tom isn't the only person who should've done that.
I had to prove to Tom that I could do that.
I speak French better than most of my classmates.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
I doubt that Tom would've done that for me.
I speak French almost as well as I speak English.
Tom isn't the last person who lived in this house.
I doubt that Tom could get home by himself.
I plan to live in Boston for the rest of my life.
Tom is the only person who didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom would've swum by himself.
I need to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
Tom is the only person I know here who can't swim.
I don't think Tom wants to see you anymore.
I need to buy a new a set of oars for my rowboat.
Tom is the only other student who failed the test.
I don't think Tom knows who has to do that.
I missed the last bus and had to go home by taxi.
Tom is the only other person who needs to do that.
I don't think Tom knows where his keys are.
I haven't had time to do what you asked me to do.
Tom is the only other person who couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows where he should be.
I haven't been able to do that since my accident.
Tom is the one who told me not to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows what's in this box.
I go jogging every morning before I go to school.
Tom is the one who suggested that we take a break.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to buy.
I don't usually wait for people who show up late.
Tom is the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I don't think Tom knows much about sailing.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom hasn't been talking very good care of himself.
I don't think Tom knows much about fishing.
I didn't think you'd want to do that by yourself.
Tom has to do that even though he doesn't want to.
I don't think Tom knows how to use an iron.
I didn't think you'd be interested in doing that.
Tom has to decide where he wants to go to college.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive a car.
I didn't think you were going to need to do that.
Tom gets up early every morning and goes swimming.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about horses.
I didn't think you were going to like doing that.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he said he had to.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I didn't know you'd be doing that this afternoon.
Tom didn't seem to know what he was talking about.
I don't think Tom has to go anywhere today.
I didn't know you wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom didn't seem to know exactly what he was doing.
I don't think Tom has to decide right away.
I didn't know you didn't have a driver's license.
Tom did that much better the third time he did it.
I don't think Tom has any plans for Monday.
I climbed Mt. Fuji last month for the first time.
Tom did that even though he knew it was dangerous.
I don't think Tom can take care of himself.
I can't tell you the reason why I didn't do that.
Tom definitely waited for you until at least 2:30.
I don't think I want to go rowing with Tom.
I can't remember what you told me I needed to do.
Tom can play both the clarinet and the flute.
I didn't think you'd permit Tom to do that.
How long would it take me to walk to the station?
Tom can both play both golf and tennis quite well.
I didn't think you'd let Tom do that again.
How long will it take you to get there from here?
Tom and I traveled around Australia by motorcycle.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to leave.
Do you put green peppers in your spaghetti sauce?
Tom and I often leave the office at the same time.
I didn't like Boston and Tom didn't either.
Do you intend to eat that whole cake by yourself?
Tom will probably still be in Boston next Monday.
I didn't know Tom would ask you to do that.
Didn't you know I used to teach French in Boston?
Tom will probably get back from Boston on Monday.
I didn't know Tom was so interested in art.
About how many hours will it take you to do that?
Tom will need at least $to buy what he needs.
I didn't know Tom was going to be so early.
You're the only one who did it that way, aren't you?
Tom will likely only sleep for about three hours.
I didn't know Tom didn't know how to drive.
You're definitely the smartest guy in our class.
Tom wasn't too busy to notice what was happening.
I didn't know Tom could play the saxophone.
You should get back home the day after tomorrow.
Tom wasn't there for me when I really needed him.
I definitely make more money than Tom does.
You don't really think that I'd do that, do you?
Tom wasn't the only person who wanted to do that.
I can't do that as soon as Tom wants me to.
You didn't tell me that you were a veterinarian.
Tom wasn't the only person who needed to do that.
I can't believe Tom didn't do that for you.
You definitely need to spend more time studying.
Tom wasn't the only one on his boat when it sank.
I bet I can sing that song better than Tom.
You can probably cut it with a pair of scissors.
Tom wasn't the one who talked me into doing that.
I almost forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
What time are you planning to get here tomorrow?
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we do this.
I almost forgot to show Tom how to do that.
What makes you think I won't be able to do that?
Tom wasn't the one who brought you these flowers.
How did you find out Tom wanted to do that?
We have no time to do that even if we wanted to.
Tom wasn't the one who actually wrote the letter.
How did you find out Tom needed to do that?
We ate popcorn while we were watching the movie.
Tom wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
Have you told Tom why he shouldn't do that?
There were three chaperones at the school dance.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help us.
Even Tom stayed until the end of the party.
The trouble is that I don't know how to do that.
Tom wasn't eating an apple. He was eating a pear.
Don't let Tom stay out in the sun too long.
The only language I know how to speak is French.
Tom wasn't able to decide who he should vote for.
Does Tom think he can take care of himself?
The book you're looking for is on the top shelf.
Tom wasn't a bit worried about what might happen.
Does Tom always eat lunch at the same time?
That's the main reason I'll never do that again.
Tom was the one who told me not to do that again.
Do you think Tom would like to eat with us?
That'll probably be very difficult for us to do.
Tom was still crying when I looked into his room.
Do you really think Tom will be supportive?
That'll probably be too expensive for us to buy.
Tom was actually the only one who didn't do that.
Do you really think Tom was being truthful?
Please make sure that doesn't ever happen again.
Tom wanted to find out the cause of the accident.
Do you know why Tom didn't want to do that?
Make sure that you don't that without some help.
Tom told us he didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Do you know why Tom didn't have to do that?
It would be fantastic if we could sing together.
Tom told me to have the report written by Monday.
Do you know where Tom usually goes fishing?
It would be better for you to do that on Monday.
Tom told me that he was the first one to do that.
Did Tom put the butter in the refrigerator?
It wasn't me who told you you shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he was interested in doing that.
Could you ask Tom to come here and help me?
It wasn't me who told you you needed to do that.
Tom told me he was looking forward to doing that.
Catching the chicken was difficult for Tom.
It started raining while we were playing tennis.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that by himself.
Are you still going to sell Tom your house?
Instead of going to Boston, let's go to Chicago.
Tom told me he didn't have any friends in Boston.
Are you still going to Tom's party tonight?
If you don't want to do that, you don't need to.
Tom told his boss that he wanted a higher salary.
You'd better do that before Tom gets here.
If you can't do that, I'll find someone who can.
Tom thought he might not need to do that anymore.
You think Tom hasn't done that, don't you?
If you can't do that by yourself, I'll help you.
Tom thought he might not have to do that anymore.
You shouldn't have gone there without Tom.
If everyone pitches in, I'm sure we can do that.
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that.
You should've asked Tom why he left early.
I've put the bottle of wine in the refrigerator.
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that today.
You should let Tom know that you can swim.
I've decided to study French instead of English.
Tom thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
You need to tell Tom not to do that again.
I've decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom showed me the money he found on the sidewalk.
You have to tell Tom not to do that again.
I'm the only one in my family who speaks French.
Tom seemed to know a lot about what had happened.
You and Tom traveled together, didn't you?
I'm not the only one here that can speak French.
Tom seemed to be waiting for something to happen.
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that?
I'm not strong enough to lift the box by myself.
Tom seemed to be the only one who wanted to sing.
Why don't you ask Tom what he plans to do?
I'm not able to figure out how to open this box.
Tom seemed to be concentrating on something else.
Why didn't you tell Tom that you did that?
I'm fairly fluent in French, English and German.
Tom says that the two of us should sing together.
Who taught Tom how to eat with chopsticks?
I wouldn't tell you who did that even if I knew.
Tom says he's hoping he can go swimming tomorrow.
What makes you think Tom ought to do that?
I would've told you how to do if you'd asked me.
Tom says he'll do that whether it's legal or not.
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that?
I watched a French movie with English subtitles.
Tom says he isn't interested in doing that again.
We both know Tom was the one who did that.
I wasn't very good at sports when I was younger.
Tom says he believes he can take care of himself.
The only person I saw in the park was Tom.
I wasn't expecting something this bad to happen.
Tom said that the two of us should sing together.
The guy who went skiing with Tom was John.
I wasn't able to say what I wanted to in French.
Tom said it probably would take hours to do that.
Tell Tom he needs to get home before 2:30.
I wasn't able to figure out how to open the box.
Tom said he's glad you were able to go yesterday.
Some people think that Tom should do that.
I want you to stay in Boston until October 20th.
Tom said he tried to go the day before yesterday.
Please let Tom do whatever he wants to do.
I want to either play volleyball or go swimming.
Tom said he didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
It's Tom that I want to go to Boston with.
I want to do that, but I don't have enough time.
Tom said he didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
It took Tom three hours to tune the piano.
I used to go to Boston about three times a year.
Tom said he didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
It seems that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I used to do that much more often than I do now.
Tom said he didn't have much teaching experience.
It looks like Tom is reluctant to do that.
I took a couple of days off from work last week.
Tom said he didn't have his phone with him today.
It looks like Tom is motivated to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that again.
Tom said he didn't have any friends to play with.
It looks like Tom is desperate to do that.
I think you'd better do that as soon as you can.
Tom said he thought I should do that by myself.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to help us.
I think badminton is more difficult than tennis.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't be late anymore.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to do that.
I think I'll come here every Monday from now on.
Tom probably won't give us permission to do that.
If Tom doesn't do that, it won't get done.
I think I'll be able to do that sooner or later.
Tom probably won't be able to do that by himself.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that anymore.
I think I'd be able to do that if you helped me.
Tom not only smokes a lot, but drinks a lot, too.
I've been spending a lot of time with Tom.
I think I might be the best French speaker here.
Tom must've been the only one who didn't do that.
I've already told Tom he needs to do that.
I spent a lot of time studying French last year.
Tom looked like he was amused by what was going on.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I speak French much better than I speak English.
Tom isn't the only person who could've done that.
I'm positive Tom can take care of himself.
I speak French better than any of my classmates.
Tom isn't the only one who noticed what happened.
I'm not surprised that Tom went to Boston.
I speak French about as well as I speak English.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to water ski.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I skipped French class the day before yesterday.
Tom isn't the one who helped me with my homework.
I'm not sure whether Tom will come or not.
I should be able to buy that at the supermarket.
Tom isn't the one that told us about the problem.
I'm not convinced that Tom had to do that.
I knew you wouldn't want to do that by yourself.
Tom is walking too fast for me catch up with him.
I'd like to know why Tom wants to do that.
I just put the orange juice in the refrigerator.
Tom is very unlikely to stop crying anytime soon.
I'd like to know why Tom needs to do that.
I haven't yet done what you said I needed to do.
Tom is the one who suggested that we leave early.
I'd do almost anything Tom asked me to do.
I haven't used any of this stuff in a long time.
Tom is the one most likely to be able to do that.
I'd call Tom Monday evening if I were you.
I got back home one day earlier than I expected.
Tom is one of the three guys we saw on the beach.
I wouldn't help Tom anymore if I were you.
I don't think I'd ever make a mistake like that.
Tom is likely to travel to Australia next summer.
I wouldn't do that with Tom if I were you.
I didn't know you were the first one to do that.
I wondered if Tom could understand French.
I didn't know you were going to need to do that.
Tom intends to stay in Boston until October 20th.
I wonder whether Tom has done that or not.
I didn't know you were going to be back so soon.
Tom has already put the ice cream in the freezer.
I wonder when Tom will be going to Boston.
I didn't know you knew how to cook Mexican food.
Tom doesn't often have the chance to leave early.
I wonder if Tom isn't supposed to do that.
I didn't know we were supposed to be doing that.
Tom didn't seem to remember what he needed to do.
I wish Tom would tell me how you did that.
I didn't know someone still lived in that house.
Tom didn't seem to know many people at the party.
I wish I'd known Tom was going to be here.
I didn't have time to do everything I had to do.
Tom didn't seem to be satisfied with the results.
I wish I'd done what Tom said I should do.
I couldn't speak French very well in those days.
Tom didn't seem to be enjoying himself very much.
I wasn't expecting you to do that for Tom.
I can't speak French as well as you think I can.
Tom didn't know whether he should do that or not.
I wasn't able to talk Tom into doing that.
How much does it cost to eat at that restaurant?
Tom didn't know whether he needed do that or not.
I wasn't able to find what Tom had hidden.
How many songs are you planning to sing tonight?
Tom didn't know whether he had to do that or not.
I was surprised when I saw Tom doing that.
How many cups of coffee did you drink yesterday?
Tom didn't do that as soon as I thought he would.
I wanted Tom to learn how to speak French.
How long would it take you to get there by taxi?
Tom didn't do that as fast as I thought he could.
I want to prove to Tom that I can do that.
How long does it take to get to Boston by plane?
Tom denied that he was the one who had done that.
I told Tom to do that as soon as possible.
How long did it take you to walk to the station?
Tom could've stayed home today if he'd wanted to.
I told Tom to do that as soon as he could.
How did you find out you didn't need to do that?
Tom confessed to me that he'd stolen my computer.
I told Tom that he should drive to Boston.
How did you find out you didn't have to do that?
Tom asked me if I really thought I could do that.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that again.
Even though it was cold, we went out for a walk.
Tom apparently went to the lighthouse by himself.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that again.
Do you think you could do that without our help?
Tom and I both leave the office at the same time.
I thought Tom was good at speaking French.
Do you have a pair of binoculars I could borrow?
Tom wouldn't have left early without permission.
I thought Tom used to be a French teacher.
Do you always use sunscreen when you go surfing?
Tom would sing another song if you asked him to.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do that.
Are you still planning on buying a new computer?
Tom won't have a chance to eat until after 2:30.
I think if Tom tried to do that, he could.
Are you implying that I can't do that by myself?
Tom will probably be finished doing that by now.
I think Tom will wait until at least 2:30.
All of my children want to go to Boston with me.
Tom will know not to do that that way next time.
I think Tom may have fallen into the well.
You're definitely the best French speaker here.
Tom wasn't thirsty, so he didn't drink anything.
I think Tom is still reluctant to do that.
You looked like you were determined to do that.
Tom wasn't the only student who failed the test.
I think Tom is still motivated to do that.
You look like you're amused by what's going on.
Tom wasn't the only person who couldn't do that.
I think Tom is still desperate to do that.
You have to do that whether you want to or not.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't say anything.
I think Tom has already agreed to do that.
You don't really think that I did that, do you?
Tom wasn't the only one here when that happened.
I think Tom got back to Boston in October.
Wouldn't it be better if we didn't do that now?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to do that.
I saw Tom sleeping on a bench in the park.
Would you mind if I used your desk for a while?
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that I do that.
I promised Tom last week that I'd do that.
Would you have done that if you didn't have to?
Tom wasn't the one who showed me how to do that.
I promised Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
Where are you going to live after you graduate?
Tom wasn't the one who helped me paint my house.
I only did that because Tom made me do it.
When was the last time you slept on the ground?
Tom wasn't the first one to arrive this morning.
I know that Tom doesn't often leave early.
Were you the one who ate the last piece of pie?
Tom wasn't the best man at my wedding. John was.
I knew you'd go there if Tom asked you to.
We've done that twice in the last three months.
Tom wasn't sleeping when I looked into his room.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom go home early.
We've been told not to use this bridge anymore.
Tom wasn't able to go fishing with us yesterday.
I knew you wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
We'd better go inside before it begins to rain.
Tom was working in Boston up until last October.
I knew Tom wouldn't get the job he wanted.
Tomorrow is a holiday and I don't have to work.
Tom was the only one who got here on time today.
I heard that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
There are three French teachers at this school.
Tom usually doesn't eat at the school cafeteria.
I hear that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
There are still some students in the classroom.
Tom took his dog for a long walk this afternoon.
I hear Tom might leave sometime this week.
There are only three tables in that restaurant.
Tom told me you ate at Chuck's Diner last night.
I haven't yet met either of Tom's sisters.
Please tell me what you think needs to be done.
Tom told me that he was the last one to do that.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to do that.
Now that the weather is good, let's go outside.
Tom told me that he finished doing that by 2:30.
I expect Tom will go to Boston next month.
It's no problem for me to do that this evening.
Tom told me he didn't have a dollar to his name.
I doubt that Tom can take care of himself.
It wasn't me who told you you ought to do that.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that.
I doubt Tom could've done that any better.
It took me thirty minutes to reach the station.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that.
I don't understand why Tom had to do that.
It looks like you're amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks he can probably take care of himself.
I don't understand why Tom didn't do that.
It looks like you were the last one to do that.
Tom still might sing a few songs for us tonight.
I don't think you'd recognize Tom anymore.
Instead of going to Boston, I'll go to Chicago.
Tom should've done that the way you told him to.
I don't think that Tom will come tomorrow.
I've never used this kind of cork screw before.
Tom seemed to be very concerned about something.
I don't think Tom wants to do that either.
I've already told you I don't enjoy doing that.
Tom seemed to be the one most likely to do that.
I don't think Tom ought to do that either.
I'm the only one here who doesn't speak French.
Tom says that he'd like to do that this evening.
I don't think Tom needs to do that either.
I'm sure I won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom says that he does that several times a week.
I don't think Tom knows what to do either.
I'm probably the only person here who has died.
Tom says doesn't have the time to eat right now.
I don't think Tom knows what he'll do yet.
I'm probably not going to pass my French class.
Tom said that the two of us should eat together.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to do.
I'm probably better at doing that than you are.
Tom said that he's supposed to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what I want to do.
I'm not much better at doing that than you are.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he's adopted.
I'm not likely get back home until next Monday.
Tom said it was likely to take hours to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I'm not going to do that the way you suggested.
Tom said he'd never go to that restaurant again.
I don't think Tom knows much about sports.
I went to the supermarket and bought ice cream.
Tom said he'd come every month on the twentieth.
I don't think Tom knows much about Boston.
I wasn't allowed to do anything I wanted to do.
Tom said he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
I don't think Tom knows all the rules yet.
I want you to continue doing what you're doing.
Tom said he won't be allowed to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows I still have this.
I tried doing that again, but I couldn't do it.
Tom said he was hoping we could travel together.
I don't think Tom is ready to do that yet.
I translated the book from French into English.
Tom said he thought he was too drunk to do that.
I don't think Tom is qualified to do that.
I thought you weren't going to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom has to worry about that.
I thought you were going to be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't have to stay in the hospital.
I don't think Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I think it's important for you to learn French.
Tom said he didn't have to do that until Monday.
I don't think Tom has much longer to live.
I should've done that the day before yesterday.
Tom said he didn't have the strength to do that.
I don't think Tom has everything he wants.
I see you've done what you were supposed to do.
Tom said he didn't have the patience to do that.
I don't think Tom has everything he needs.
I really don't think I can swim to that island.
Tom probably couldn't do that without some help.
I don't think Tom has anything in his bag.
I plan to come back to Boston as soon as I can.
Tom opened the window and let in some fresh air.
I don't think Tom has a steady girlfriend.
I love the smell of popcorn at a movie theater.
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.
I don't know why Tom did that, but he did.
I left home early, but I still missed my train.
Tom might be staying at his grandparents' house.
I don't know how Tom did that, but he did.
I know we can take care of ourselves if we try.
Tom isn't the only person who wanted to do that.
I didn't want to go to Boston without Tom.
I know I'll be able to do that sooner or later.
Tom isn't the only person who needed to do that.
I didn't think you'd allow Tom to do that.
I knew you were going to fail your French test.
Tom isn't the one who talked me into doing that.
I didn't think Tom would actually do that.
I knew I shouldn't have had you do that for me.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that we do this.
I didn't know Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I don't want to do that, but I'll do it anyway.
Tom isn't the one who brought you these flowers.
I didn't know Tom was going to be nervous.
I don't usually use bleach when I wash clothes.
Tom isn't the one who actually wrote the letter.
I didn't know Tom was going to be jealous.
I don't usually put apples in the refrigerator.
Tom isn't the one responsible for what happened.
I didn't do that the way Tom wanted me to.
I don't think that's the safest way to do that.
Tom isn't a bit worried about what might happen.
I can't understand why Tom didn't do that.
I don't plan to be back home until next Monday.
Tom is the only person I know here who can swim.
I can't play the French horn, but Tom can.
I didn't think you were going to do that again.
Tom is the only other person who had to do that.
How can Tom possibly take care of himself?
I didn't think you really had to do that today.
Tom is the only other person who didn't do that.
Have you told Tom why he needs to do that?
I didn't think that movie was very interesting.
Tom is the one who told me not to do that again.
Has Tom ever laughed at any of your jokes?
I didn't know you'd be doing that this morning.
Tom is the one who insisted that we leave early.
Has Tom already paid you what he owed you?
I didn't know you were the last one to do that.
Tom is supposed to leave the day after tomorrow.
Do you want to know who Tom did that with?
I didn't know you were going to let me do that.
Tom is probably the only one who didn't do that.
Do you think that Tom will come to Boston?
I didn't do that today the way I usually do it.
Tom is probably still troubled by what happened.
Do you think Tom can take care of himself?
I couldn't have done that if you hadn't helped.
Tom is already old enough to do that by himself.
Do you really think Tom will be suspended?
I could wait a little longer if you want me to.
Tom is a little worried about what might happen.
Do you really think Tom was disrespectful?
I can't afford to eat at expensive restaurants.
Tom has never really tried very hard to do that.
Do you really think Tom is self-conscious?
I bought this pair of shoes for thirty dollars.
Tom has never gone mountain climbing by himself.
Do you really think Tom is doing that now?
How many people are likely to be at your party?
Tom grew up in the same neighborhood that I did.
Do you really think Tom has been impolite?
How many eggs do you usually eat for breakfast?
Tom expects all three of us to do that with him.
Do you really think Tom agreed to do that?
How long would it take you to get there by bus?
Tom doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Did you know Tom didn't know how to drive?
How long do you think it would take to do that?
Tom doesn't think we can take care of ourselves.
Did Tom know you weren't going to do that?
How long did it take you to get to the station?
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that again.
Are you sure Tom can take care of himself?
How long did it take you to get to the airport?
Tom doesn't really want to eat with us, does he?
Are you still just going to let Tom leave?
How did you know I wasn't the one who did that?
Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to be doing.
Are you absolutely sure Tom has done that?
Even if we want to do that, we don't have time.
Tom didn't seem too willing to answer questions.
You should do that the way Tom suggested.
Do you think you'd be able to get home by 2:30?
Tom didn't seem to want to answer that question.
Would you have done that the way Tom did?
Do you think you could do that without my help?
Tom didn't seem to really enjoy being in Boston.
Why should I care why Tom didn't do that?
Do you have an extra flashlight I could borrow?
Tom didn't seem to do that any better this time.
Why don't you ask Tom to do that for you?
Do you always catch the same bus every morning?
Tom didn't seem to be willing to do that for us.
Why didn't you want to eat what Tom made?
Are you still having any difficulty swallowing?
Tom didn't seem to be very motivated to do that.
Who told you Tom wouldn't eat spicy food?
A good night's sleep will do you a lot of good.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in school.
Where did Tom stay when he was in Boston?
You never told me you were a police detective.
Tom didn't seem to be very concerned about that.
When was the last time you saw Tom dance?
You might get injured if you do that that way.
Tom didn't seem to be in a very good mood today.
When I told Tom I'd done that, he smiled.
You looked like you were reluctant to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be in a big hurry to do that.
What's to stop Tom from doing that again?
You look like you're interested in doing that.
Tom didn't seem to be having trouble doing that.
What's to keep Tom from doing that again?
You didn't tell me that you were a pharmacist.
Tom didn't seem surprised that I didn't do that.
What made you think Tom hasn't done that?
You didn't go hang gliding last week, did you?
Tom didn't seem interested in what I had to say.
What did you think Tom was talking about?
Would it be better to do that now or tomorrow?
Tom didn't know why he'd been chosen to do that.
What did Tom tell you he wanted to drink?
Why didn't you do that the way I asked you to?
Tom didn't have to do that if he didn't want to.
We know Tom can't speak French very well.
When was the last time you slept on the floor?
Tom didn't actually want to eat with us, did he?
We expect Tom to get back home on Monday.
When was the last time you played your guitar?
Tom and I were the only ones who didn't do that.
We all hope Tom can take care of himself.
What made you think I wanted to do that again?
Tom and I traveled together once many years ago.
The umbrella Tom was carrying wasn't his.
What made you think I needed to do that again?
Tom and I thought we could do that by ourselves.
The car Tom bought yesterday is a hybrid.
What else do you want to put in your suitcase?
Tom and I never leave for work at the same time.
Please tell Tom he shouldn't leave early.
What else do you need to put in your suitcase?
Tom admitted that he didn't know how to do that.
Perhaps you and Tom should sing together.
We won't be able to do that without your help.
Tom admitted that he didn't have any experience.
It's likely that Tom did that on purpose.
Tomorrow is the only day that I won't do that.
Tom's house is the third house from the corner.
It seems Tom can speak French quite well.
There are three children in the swimming pool.
Tom wouldn't have done that without permission.
It looks like Tom isn't going to help us.
That doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
Tom wouldn't go to Boston if he didn't have to.
It looks like Tom isn't going to do that.
Please take this medicine before going to bed.
Tom wouldn't do something like that on purpose.
It looks like Tom is prepared to do that.
It would be great if we could travel together.
Tom wouldn't do something like that by himself.
It looks like Tom is hesitant to do that.
It looks like you're getting ready to do that.
Tom won't likely give me permission to do that.
It looks like Tom is finished doing that.
It has been three years since I last did that.
Tom won't go swimming with us tomorrow morning.
Is it necessary for Tom to go by himself?
It costs more to go to Boston than to Chicago.
Tom will know that I didn't do that on purpose.
I've asked Tom stay with us until Monday.
If you hurry, you'll be in time for the train.
Tom wasn't told by his doctor to remain in bed.
I've already told Tom not to leave early.
I've bought some land not too far from Boston.
Tom wasn't the only person to survive the fire.
I'm not the one who gave Tom a black eye.
I've already told you I don't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm not the one who asked Tom to do this.
I've already told you I don't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me where you lived.
I'm know Tom didn't want to study French.
I've already told you I don't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested leaving early.
I'm fairly certain Tom didn't believe us.
I'm sorry. I wasn't looking where I was going.
Tom wasn't the one who asked all the questions.
I'll go to Boston even if Tom doesn't go.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell you how to do that.
Tom wasn't the last one to arrive this morning.
I'd talk to Tom about that if I were you.
I'm sorry I forgot to show you how to do that.
Tom was told that he isn't required to do that.
I'd never have done that the way Tom did.
I'm not actually the one who needs to do that.
Tom was convinced that he'd be able to do that.
I wouldn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I'll be going to Boston on business next week.
Tom wants you to do that so he doesn't have to.
I wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I'll be getting back home today at about 2:30.
Tom wanted to do that, but I begged him not to.
I wonder why Tom was supposed to do that.
I'd rather do that tomorrow. Would that be OK?
Tom tries to visit his grandmother every month.
I wonder why Tom is reluctant to do that.
I'd definitely like to try to do that someday.
Tom told me he doesn't want to do that anymore.
I wonder why Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that anymore.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that that way.
I wonder why Tom decided to retire early.
I wish I'd known you weren't going to do that.
Tom told me he couldn't remember what happened.
I wonder where Tom usually goes shopping.
I wish I'd known you knew how to speak French.
Tom thought he might not need to do that again.
I wonder what Tom is doing in Boston now.
I wish I sounded like a native French speaker.
Tom thought he might not have to do that again.
I wonder if Tom can take care of himself.
I watched a French movie subtitled in English.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that.
I wish I had a computer as good as Tom's.
I wasn't sure whether I should do that or not.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom doing that.
I wasn't sure when I was supposed to be there.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
I wasn't happy with the way Tom did that.
I wasn't able to do what I was supposed to do.
Tom takes his dog out for a walk every morning.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't able to do everything I needed to do.
Tom studies French about three hours every day.
I want to know if Tom can do that or not.
I wasn't able to buy enough food for everyone.
Tom should've waited for us to do that for him.
I told Tom why I decided to study French.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do that today.
I told Tom that I wanted to study French.
I want to eat chocolate ice cream for dessert.
Tom seemed to be very interested in doing that.
I told Tom I don't have to do that again.
I usually put mushrooms in my spaghetti sauce.
Tom seemed to be expecting something to happen.
I told Tom I didn't want to study French.
I used to teach French at a local high school.
Tom says he thinks he can take care of himself.
I told Tom I didn't like speaking French.
I thought you were asked not to do that again.
Tom says he doesn't have time to eat right now.
I thought Tom wasn't very good at French.
I thought that maybe you could do that for me.
Tom says he doesn't have the energy to do that.
I think Tom will probably leave tomorrow.
I thought that maybe we could travel together.
Tom says he doesn't feel like eating right now.
I think Tom was the first one to do that.
I thought doing that would be a waste of time.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that again.
I think Tom is waiting for you right now.
I spend about three hours a day playing games.
Tom said that he wasn't going to do that again.
I think Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I owned a small bar in Boston for a few years.
Tom said that he was the one who had done that.
I teach French at the school Tom goes to.
I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said he wouldn't do that again, but he did.
I sure hope Tom can take care of himself.
I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he was glad that you did that for him.
I still haven't shown Tom how to do that.
I know how to swim, but I don't like swimming.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to win.
I still can't believe Tom didn't do that.
I knew you wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom said he thinks he can take care of himself.
I smelled the bacon that Tom was cooking.
I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep on the bus.
Tom said he isn't even going to try to do that.
I should've done what Tom suggested I do.
I hope you don't have any problems doing that.
Tom said he didn't want you to do that anymore.
I should ask Tom to wait a little longer.
I hope I'm out of the hospital before October.
Tom said he didn't have many friends in Boston.
I only did that because Tom forced me to.
I haven't yet done what you've asked me to do.
Tom said he didn't have it all figured out yet.
I know the reason why Tom was doing that.
I haven't eaten anything in the past hours.
Tom said he didn't have enough time to do that.
I know the reason why Tom didn't do that.
I haven't done that as many times as you have.
Tom said he didn't have any trouble doing that.
I know that Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think you can do that without my help.
Tom said he didn't have a driver's license yet.
I knew you'd do what Tom asked you to do.
I don't think we should need to pay that much.
Tom said he couldn't figure out how to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't pass the examination.
I don't think this is the only way to do this.
Tom said I might not want to do that by myself.
I knew Tom wouldn't fail his French test.
I don't think this is the best way to do this.
Tom said I didn't have to worry about that yet.
I knew Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
I don't think that's the right way to do that.
Tom said I didn't have to worry about anything.
I knew Tom would tell you how to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to do that anymore.
Tom promised that that wouldn't happen anymore.
I knew Tom would show you how to do that.
I don't think I can do that without some help.
Tom promised himself he wouldn't do that again.
I knew Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
I didn't think you'd go to Boston by yourself.
Tom phoned to say he'll be thirty minutes late.
I intend to study with Tom tomorrow, too.
I didn't think you'd be awake when I got home.
Tom must've traveled a lot when he was younger.
I hope that Tom can take care of himself.
I didn't think you really knew how to do that.
Tom might've waited longer if you'd called him.
I hope Tom can figure out how to do that.
I didn't know you were going to do that again.
Tom might stay here with us until next October.
I hear Tom doesn't work with you anymore.
I couldn't have done that without you're help.
Tom made it clear that I shouldn't leave early.
I haven't yet told Tom what I have to do.
I could make you do that, but I don't want to.
Tom isn't the only student who failed the test.
I expected Tom to do that, but he didn't.
I can't remember what you told me I should do.
Tom isn't the only person who wants to do that.
I expect Tom will get home at about 2:30.
I can't remember what you told me I had to do.
Tom isn't the only person who needs to do that.
I don't think Tom wanted to say anything.
I almost never sleep past 6:in the morning.
Tom isn't the only person who couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom needed to talk so loud.
How much money do you have in your pocket now?
Tom isn't the only one who should've done that.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that.
How many times did you go to Boston last year?
Tom isn't the only one who didn't say anything.
I don't think Tom knows when it happened.
Have you ever seen a snake swallowing a mouse?
Tom isn't the one who suggested that I do that.
I don't think Tom knows what you've done.
Do you really think you'll be able to do that?
Tom isn't the one who helped me paint my house.
I don't think Tom knows how you did that.
Did you know I used to teach French in Boston?
Tom isn't really going to eat that frog, is he?
I don't think Tom knows how worried I am.
Aren't you going to buy me something to drink?
Tom is wearing an old faded T-shirt with holes.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie a tie.
Are you the one who usually washes the dishes?
Tom is unwilling to do what we asked him to do.
I don't think Tom knows how to play golf.
Are you sure this is the right way to do this?
Tom is unable to decide who he should vote for.
I don't think Tom is very good at skiing.
Are you still worried about what might happen?
Tom is trying to learn how to play the trumpet.
I don't think Tom has to work on Mondays.
Are you still having any difficulty breathing?
Tom is the only person who should've done that.
I don't know where Tom is going tomorrow.
You need to do that more carefully next time.
Tom is the only one who got here on time today.
I didn't want to go swimming without Tom.
You looked like you were hesitant to do that.
Tom is the one who helped me break out of jail.
I didn't think you'd enjoy Tom's concert.
You looked like you were finished doing that.
Tom is the last person who lived in this house.
I didn't think you'd ask Tom to help you.
You have to do that more carefully next time.
Tom is probably still interested in doing that.
I didn't know Tom was going to come back.
You could've left earlier if you'd wanted to.
Tom is likely to be finished doing that by now.
I didn't know Tom wanted to go yesterday.
Would you like me to tell you how to do that?
Tom is going to have to do that all by himself.
I didn't do that what Tom asked me to do.
Will you have time to eat before the meeting?
Tom is going to Boston next week for a meeting.
I did everything Tom told me I had to do.
Will we be allowed to eat during the meeting?
Tom is fairly sure he can take care of himself.
I couldn't find the money Tom had hidden.
Who told you that you it was OK to park here?
Tom hasn't been doing what he's supposed to do.
I bet Tom didn't have any books with him.
When was the last time you used these dishes?
Tom has the reputation of being very dishonest.
How often does Tom's snoring wake you up?
When was the last time you used a slide rule?
Tom has hardly ever agreed with me on anything.
How much time did it take Tom to do that?
When was the last time you used a microscope?
Tom has gone water skiing at least three times.
How many times do you think Tom did that?
What makes you think I want to do that again?
Tom has been our boss for the last three years.
How did you know Tom was able to do that?
What makes you think I need to do that again?
Tom forgot to put the milk in the refrigerator.
How can Tom sleep through all this noise?
What makes you think I have to do that again?
Tom doesn't think that I ate anything, does he?
Have you told Tom why you didn't do that?
What makes you think I don't want to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be able to do that anymore.
Have you asked Tom why he didn't do that?
What makes you think I don't need to do that?
Tom doesn't really care whether he wins or not.
Every year Tom goes to Boston in October.
What makes you think I don't have to do that?
Tom doesn't need me to tell him how to do that.
Doesn't Tom sometimes eat lunch with you?
What made you think I didn't want to do that?
Tom didn't seem to have any trouble doing that.
Do you think Tom has finished doing that?
What made you think I didn't need to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be interested in doing that.
Do you really think Tom will be obedient?
What made you think I didn't have to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be feeling any better today.
Do you really think Tom will be generous?
Weren't you supposed to get home before 2:30?
Tom didn't seem to be concerned about anything.
Do you really think Tom will be forgiven?
We used a couple of tons of coal last winter.
Tom didn't really enjoy eating with us, did he?
Do you really think Tom will be barefoot?
We have three French teachers at this school.
Tom didn't know why he was supposed to do that.
Do you really think Tom was disappointed?
We don't usually stay anywhere for very long.
Tom and I want to do that when we visit Boston.
Do you really think Tom is uncomfortable?
This is the first time I've heard about this.
Tom admitted that what he'd done was dangerous.
Did you read the ad Tom put in the paper?
There was no wind, so we couldn't go sailing.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you ate all the cake.
Did Tom say he didn't do that by himself?
There are three children playing in the park.
Tom won't stay here as long you think he will.
Can you tell me why Tom hasn't done that?
There are a few boys playing tag in the park.
Tom won't likely want to eat until after dark.
You're not the only one Tom has cheated.
That's so simple that even a child can do it.
Tom will probably stay in Boston until Monday.
You told Tom how to do that, didn't you?
That doesn't really make much sense, does it?
Tom will probably be at the meeting on Monday.
You didn't think Tom would win, did you?
Please tell me what you think we ought to do.
Tom will go swimming with us tomorrow morning.
You didn't think Tom could win, did you?
Please tell me what you think should be done.
Tom went to Boston, but he didn't go by plane.
You believe that Tom can win, don't you?
Please tell me what you think has to be done.
Tom wasn't the only person who to get injured.
Yesterday, I was made by Tom to do that.
Maybe I won't have to come back here anymore.
Tom wasn't the only person who had to do that.
Why does Tom usually do that by himself?
Let's see if we can do that without any help.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that.
What makes you think Tom should do that?
Let's put the ice cream in the freezer first.
Tom wasn't the one who told me how to do that.
What makes you think Tom had to do that?
Last year, I couldn't do that, but I can now.
Tom wasn't the first person to get here today.
What makes you think Tom didn't do that?
It's fortunate that you were able to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help.
What does Tom usually eat for breakfast?
It wasn't me who told you you should do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to help me this afternoon.
What does Tom usually do in the evening?
It wasn't me who told you you had to do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to go to Boston last week.
What did Tom tell you needed to be done?
If you'd just asked me, I would've done that.
Tom was unable to wait any longer, so he left.
We'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
If it had been fine yesterday, I'd have gone.
Tom was told not to try to do that by himself.
We'll have to ask Tom to do that for us.
I'm pretty sure that I'll be able to do that.
Tom used to eat out two or three times a week.
We tried to convince Tom not to do that.
I'm not very interested in French literature.
Tom told me you slept on his couch last night.
We know Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'm not sure whether I should do that or not.
Tom told me that you're very good at baseball.
We both know it wasn't Tom who did that.
I'm not going to leave my house next weekend.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that tomorrow.
There's little chance that Tom will win.
I'm certain I'll figure out a way to do that.
Tom told me that he was determined to do that.
The only one who didn't do that was Tom.
I'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom told me that he thought he'd win tomorrow.
The only one here who can't swim is Tom.
I'll have to finish this work by next Monday.
Tom told me that he thinks he'll win tomorrow.
Tell Tom he has to get home before 2:30.
I'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Tom told me he's not going to do that anymore.
Tell Tom I need to get home before 2:30.
I'd love to go to Boston with you in October.
Tom told me he didn't have a driver's license.
Should I tell Tom that we won't do that?
I'd like to know the reason why you did that.
Tom told me he already knew he had to do that.
Please tell Tom to get home before 2:30.
I'd have lent you money if you'd asked me to.
Tom thought I might want to do that by myself.
Please don't let Tom got out after dark.
I'd appreciate it if you don't do that again.
Tom thought I might not need to do that today.
Perhaps you and Tom should eat together.
I wonder which book will be more interesting.
Tom thought I might not have to do that today.
Let's hope Tom can take care of himself.
I wish I'd done what you said I needed to do.
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that.
It's possible that Tom hasn't done that.
I wasn't sure if I liked the painting or not.
Tom thought I might need to do that by myself.
It would surprise me if Tom doesn't win.
I wasn't in a good mood to do that yesterday.
Tom thought I might have to do that by myself.
It would be possible for Tom to do that.
I want you to tell me why you didn't do that.
Tom thinks that we can take care of ourselves.
It was yesterday that Tom started to go.
I thought you were told not to do that again.
Tom still goes to Boston almost every weekend.
It was Tom who warned me not to do that.
I think you will probably be able to do that.
Tom should've done that the way you suggested.
It was Tom who told me I had to do that.
I think that's not the safest way to do that.
Tom should've done that the way we showed him.
It seems that Tom has already done that.
I think that you won't be allowed to do that.
Tom should've done that the way I told him to.
It might not be safe for Tom to do that.
I studied for about three hours this morning.
Tom seemed to have his mind on something else.
It looks like Tom is through doing that.
I spend most of my free time studying French.
Tom seemed to be trying to change the subject.
It looks like Tom is tempted to do that.
I spend a lot of my free time reading novels.
Tom seemed to be having trouble staying awake.
It looks as if Tom is smiling right now.
I never should've tried doing that by myself.
Tom seemed to be carrying some kind of weapon.
If you tell Tom what to do, he'll do it.
I never put the potatoes in the refrigerator.
Tom seemed to be a bit depressed this morning.
If Tom had more money, he could do that.
I never get home on Mondays until after 2:30.
Tom says he doesn't intend to do that anymore.
If I didn't do that, Tom would be upset.
I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said he's been asked not to do that again.
I've already told Tom he should do that.
I know I won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said he wasn't sure he's ready to do that.
I've already told Tom he has to do that.
I know I should do that, but I don't want to.
Tom said he was too tired to help you do that.
I'm sure Tom will find a way to do that.
I knew you'd do what you were supposed to do.
Tom said he was hoping we could sing together.
I'm not the one who told Tom to do that.
I intend to go to the library this afternoon.
Tom said he thought he was too old to do that.
I'm going to ask Tom to help me do that.
I haven't yet done what you said I should do.
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that anymore.
I'll ask Tom to teach me how to do that.
I haven't yet done what you said I had to do.
Tom said he knew you wouldn't be able do that.
I'd like you to show Tom how to do that.
I haven't yet done what I was supposed to do.
Tom said he knew he might not be able to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom should do that.
I haven't played badminton since high school.
Tom said he didn't plan to leave anytime soon.
I'd like to know why Tom has to do that.
I haven't been back to Boston in a long time.
Tom said he didn't have to do that right away.
I'd be surprised if Tom doesn't do that.
I don't want to do that until it gets cooler.
Tom said he didn't have to come here tomorrow.
I wouldn't do that even if Tom asked me.
I don't think we should try doing that again.
Tom said he didn't have time to help us today.
I wondered who Tom's French teacher was.
I don't often have the chance to leave early.
Tom said he didn't have permission to do that.
I wondered where Tom had studied French.
I don't intend to stay in Boston much longer.
Tom said he didn't have experience doing that.
I wonder why Tom was tempted to do that.
I didn't think you'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any idea who did that.
I wonder why Tom is supposed to do that.
I didn't think you'd be motivated to do that.
Tom said he didn't have a high school diploma.
I wonder why Tom is hesitant to do that.
I didn't think you'd actually try doing that.
Tom said he I thought I should do that myself.
I wonder why Tom hasn't gotten here yet.
I didn't think you needed to do that anymore.
Tom promised that he wouldn't do that anymore.
I wonder why Tom didn't like doing that.
I didn't think you could do that by yourself.
Tom promised that he wouldn't be late anymore.
I wonder why Tom decided not to do that.
I didn't think I would have to do that again.
Tom promised me that he'd never do that again.
I wonder whether Tom has arrived or not.
I didn't know you were the one that did that.
Tom promised me he wouldn't come here anymore.
I wonder what made Tom think I can swim?
I didn't know you could speak French so well.
Tom never got the chance to eat lunch, did he?
I wonder if Tom went swimming yesterday.
I didn't know that you were going to do that.
Tom must've gone yesterday before we got here.
I wonder if Tom was supposed to do that.
I didn't know it would be so easy to do that.
Tom looks like he's amused by what's going on.
I wonder if Tom is still claustrophobic.
I didn't know I was going to have to do that.
Tom isn't the only person to survive the fire.
I wish Tom would show me how to do that.
I didn't know I was doing that the wrong way.
Tom isn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I wish Tom had showed me how to do that.
I definitely don't want to do that by myself.
Tom isn't the only one who could've done that.
I wish I'd done what Tom suggested I do.
I decided to study French instead of English.
Tom isn't the one who told me where you lived.
I wasn't the one who borrowed Tom's car.
I decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom isn't the one who suggested leaving early.
I wasn't supposed to give Tom any money.
I can't get back to Boston until next Monday.
Tom isn't the one who asked all the questions.
I was supposed to go to Boston with Tom.
I can't believe you did all this by yourself.
Tom is worried that he might lose his license.
I was sleeping while Tom was doing that.
I can't believe I finally managed to do that.
Tom is with a girl, but I don't know her name.
I want to know why Tom hasn't done that.
I bought some magazines to read on the plane.
Tom is very vague about what he's going to do.
I want to do that, but Tom won't let me.
I believe that we can take care of ourselves.
Tom is the only person who could've done that.
I tried to do that the same way Tom did.
I already know you were the one who did that.
Tom is the only one who noticed what happened.
I told Tom why I wanted to study French.
How much does that black leather jacket cost?
Tom is the one who taught me how to water ski.
I told Tom to leave as soon as possible.
How many people are going to Boston with you?
Tom is the one who helped me with my homework.
I told Tom to leave as soon as he could.
How many dogs are there in your neighborhood?
Tom is the one who helped me escape from jail.
I told Tom that I thought you could win.
How many do you think you'll be able to sell?
Tom is the one that told us about the problem.
I thought that Tom wasn't likely to win.
How long will it take us to get to the beach?
Tom is lucky that he can take care of himself.
I think that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
How long did it take you to get to the beach?
Tom is likely to be the first one to be fired.
I think that Tom went sailing yesterday.
How long did it take you to get there by bus?
Tom is buying a magazine to read on the plane.
I think it's strange that Tom is absent.
How do you know I'm not the one who did that?
Tom has to do that even if he doesn't want to.
I think Tom will get home at about 2:30.
Everything in this store is really expensive.
Tom has to do something he doesn't want to do.
I think Tom might be curious about that.
Do you know who left this package on my desk?
Tom enjoyed staying at his grandparents' farm.
I think Tom is doing that the wrong way.
Do you know where last Monday's newspaper is?
Tom doesn't often get a chance to leave early.
I think Tom can do that without my help.
Could tell me where the nearest drugstore is?
Tom doesn't need to know why I didn't do that.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to win.
Can I offer you a cup of coffee or something?
Tom didn't seem to understand anything I said.
I sure hope Tom will be able to do that.
Are you sure you're not the one who did that?
Tom didn't seem to remember what he had to do.
I sure hope Tom leaves some cake for me.
Are you still seriously thinking about going?
Tom didn't seem to really be enjoying himself.
I still wonder why Tom wouldn't do that.
Are you still interested in joining our team?
Tom didn't seem to like talking about himself.
I still wonder why Tom hasn't done that.
Are you still having any difficulty sleeping?
Tom didn't seem to expect to be paid anything.
I still have no idea why Tom didn't win.
After we finished eating, we went for a walk.
Tom didn't seem to be very worried about that.
I should've asked Tom why he left early.
"Where are you going?" "I'm going to Boston."
Tom didn't do that as quickly as he should've.
I saw Tom talking to the French teacher.
You're wondering why I did that, aren't you?
Tom decided it would be better not to do that.
I promised Tom that I'd wait until 2:30.
You're rich enough to buy anything you want.
Tom can tell you how to take care of yourself.
I only did that because Tom asked me to.
You're going to have to do that by yourself.
Tom can show you how to take care of yourself.
I know why Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
You'll learn how to do that sooner or later.
Tom believes that he can take care of himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to win.
You wouldn't do that by yourself, would you?
Tom asked me to tell him why I didn't do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't say anything stupid.
You won't be allowed to do that by yourself.
Tom and I speak only French with our children.
I knew Tom wouldn't have fun doing that.
You swore that you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and I only speak French with our children.
I knew Tom would tell me how to do that.
You still don't think I can do that, do you?
Tom's house is on the right side of the road.
I knew Tom would show me how to do that.
You should do that more carefully next time.
Tom's beef stew is the best I've ever tasted.
I heard that Tom went fishing yesterday.
You might get fired if you do that that way.
Tom wouldn't like it if you ate all the cake.
I hear that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
You looked like you were through doing that.
Tom wouldn't do that the way you said he did.
I haven't yet told Tom why I left early.
You looked like you were tempted to do that.
Tom would be surprised if you didn't do that.
I haven't heard from Tom in over a year.
You don't need to know why I didn't do that.
Tom won't likely leave here until after 2:30.
I haven't heard from Tom in a long time.
You don't know why I didn't do that, do you?
Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I haven't done that as often as Tom has.
You didn't tell me that you were a magician.
Tom wasn't the only person who could do that.
I have no idea why Tom hasn't done that.
Would you mind if I ate one of these donuts?
Tom wasn't the only one who seemed to notice.
I had no idea that Tom was going to win.
Would it be OK with you if I didn't do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where I was.
I don't think Tom will be here tomorrow.
Would it be OK if I ate one of these donuts?
Tom wasn't the only one who got here on time.
I don't think Tom should do that either.
Why didn't you tell me you wouldn't do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows why you're here.
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't do that?
Tom wasn't the only one to survive the crash.
I don't think Tom knows what's in there.
Why didn't you do that the way I showed you?
Tom wasn't the one who turned off the lights.
I don't think Tom knows what's going on.
What makes you think I need to do that, too?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to swim.
I don't think Tom knows what time it is.
What makes you think I have to do that, too?
Tom wasn't the one who got us into this mess.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm hungry.
What do you usually do on Monday afternoons?
Tom wasn't the one who came up with the idea.
I don't think Tom knows that I hate him.
We ate at a small restaurant on Park Street.
Tom wasn't the one that painted this picture.
I don't think Tom knows much about that.
Was the movie you saw yesterday interesting?
Tom wasn't the last person to leave the room.
I don't think Tom knows how to have fun.
Three women are waiting for you at the gate.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave work today.
I don't think Tom knows how lucky he is.
This restaurant is famous for its apple pie.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here all afternoon.
I don't think Tom has what he wants yet.
There's no reason why you shouldn't do that.
Tom was told that he doesn't need to do that.
I don't think Tom has very many options.
The picnic was canceled because of the rain.
Tom was told that he doesn't have to do that.
I don't think Tom has very many friends.
That's not the way you should be doing that.
Tom was the only one who was able to do that.
I don't think Tom has to do that either.
Please tell me what you think we need to do.
Tom was the only one who knew how to do that.
I don't think Tom has many weekends off.
Please show me how to use this cash machine.
Tom was the only one who didn't go yesterday.
I don't think Tom has many friends here.
Please promise me you won't do that anymore.
Tom was having a really hard time doing that.
I don't think Tom has enough experience.
Please lend me your dictionary for a minute.
Tom was going to go the day before yesterday.
I don't think Tom has any classes today.
Let's go for a walk in the park after lunch.
Tom told us not to eat what was on the table.
I don't think Tom has a graduate degree.
Let's do that next week instead of tomorrow.
Tom told us he didn't think he could do that.
I don't think Tom has a criminal record.
Let's do that just like we did it last time.
Tom told me yesterday that he'll go tomorrow.
I don't think I want to see Tom anymore.
It's important for you to do that every day.
Tom told me to finish doing that by tomorrow.
I don't intend to buy anything from Tom.
It's a little bigger than I thought it'd be.
Tom told me that he was reluctant to do that.
I don't believe Tom really wants to win.
It would be great if we could sing together.
Tom told me that he was desperate to do that.
I didn't think you'd ask Tom to do that.
It was lucky that you did that when you did.
Tom told me that French isn't very difficult.
I didn't think Tom would leave so early.
It started raining while we were doing that.
Tom told me he didn't have very many friends.
I didn't think Tom would be able to win.
I'm sure you'll figure out a way to do that.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that.
I didn't think Tom should've left early.
I'm sure we can do that, but not right away.
Tom should've done that the way I showed him.
I didn't know that Tom knew how to swim.
I'm sure I'll be able to do that eventually.
Tom should stay with us for a couple of days.
I didn't know Tom would be back so soon.
I'm not the only one who decided to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he was talking about.
I didn't know Tom wasn't ready to leave.
I'm not sure if I like this painting or not.
Tom seemed to have a different point to view.
I didn't know Tom wasn't good at French.
I'm not actually the one who has to do that.
Tom seemed to be very tired after doing that.
I didn't know Tom was interested in art.
I'm convinced we can take care of ourselves.
Tom seemed to be thoroughly enjoying himself.
I didn't know Tom was going to be alone.
I'll know not to do that that way next time.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to do that for us.
I didn't know Tom had agreed to do that.
I'd prefer not to get home until after 2:30.
Tom seemed to be in a really good mood today.
I didn't do that the way Tom told me to.
I'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Tom seemed almost happy to be here yesterday.
I could've done that without Tom's help.
I'd have done that if I'd known I needed to.
Tom says he definitely won't do that anymore.
I can't do that any better than Tom can.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that again.
Tom said that he wasn't good at reading maps.
I bet Tom is wondering why you did that.
I wouldn't bother to fix that if I were you.
Tom said that he knew he wasn't going to win.
I asked Tom why I shouldn't leave early.
I would've liked to do that, but I couldn't.
Tom said he's glad that you did that for him.
I asked Tom if he liked studying French.
I would've done that, but you beat me to it.
Tom said he's been asked not do that anymore.
I asked Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I wonder if we can do that without any help.
Tom said he'll try to buy everything we need.
I asked Tom to do that as soon as he could.
I wonder if I can figure out how to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
How did you find out Tom had to do that?
I won't go to school this week or next week.
Tom said he was too drunk to help me do that.
Have you told Tom why he should do that?
I wasn't very popular in junior high school.
Tom said he was hoping we could eat together.
Have you told Tom why he has to do that?
I wasn't the first person to get here today.
Tom said he was afraid to do that by himself.
Do you think we should make Tom do that?
I wasn't sure who I was supposed to talk to.
Tom said he needed to do that sometime today.
Do you think Tom will be home on Monday?
I wasn't feeling well, so I went home early.
Tom said he needed to do that before he left.
Do you really think that Tom didn't win?
I wasn't able to do anything I needed to do.
Tom said he knew he wouldn't be able do that.
Do you really think Tom will be prudent?
I think you'd better do that sometime today.
Tom said he didn't really feel like laughing.
Do you really think Tom will be present?
I think it would be better to wait a little.
Tom said he didn't have very much experience.
Do you really think Tom will be curious?
I think I might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't have to worry about money.
Do you really think Tom will be careful?
I spend about three hours a day watching TV.
Tom said he didn't have to do that right now.
Do you really think Tom was heartbroken?
I spend about an hour a day studying French.
Tom said he didn't have to do that every day.
Do you really think Tom was embarrassed?
I speak French as well as anybody else here.
Tom said he didn't have everything he wanted.
Do you really think Tom was discouraged?
I often put the carrots in the refrigerator.
Tom said he didn't have everything he needed.
Do you really think Tom is conservative?
I might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't have any time to watch TV.
Do you know when Tom last ate something?
I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't have any plans to do that.
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't win?
I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said he didn't have any living relatives.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't going to win?
I lived in Boston before I moved to Chicago.
Tom said he couldn't remember how to do that.
Did you remember to give Tom some money?
I learned to ride a bicycle three years ago.
Tom probably hasn't forgotten how to do that.
Can you tell me why Tom doesn't do that?
I knew you wouldn't be too tired to do that.
Tom probably could've told us how to do that.
Are you sure Tom can do that by himself?
I knew we wouldn't likely agree on anything.
Tom needs at least $to buy what he needs.
Your friend Tom seemed like a nice guy.
I knew we wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom should've been here by noon.
You think that Tom will win, don't you?
I knew doing that would be a waste of money.
Tom must've been finished doing that by 2:30.
You knew Tom wanted to win, didn't you?
I hope I don't need to get home before 2:30.
Tom looked like he was determined to do that.
You don't believe Tom will win, do you?
I haven't ridden my bicycle for over a year.
Tom knows he's not supposed to do that again.
Yesterday I went out drinking with Tom.
I have to stay in Boston for a couple weeks.
Tom isn't the only person who had to do that.
Why don't you do that the way Tom does?
I had to go to Boston on business last week.
Tom isn't the only person who didn't do that.
Why don't we invite Tom to sit with us?
I don't think we can take care of ourselves.
Tom isn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Why does it matter what happens to Tom?
I don't think I can do everything by myself.
Tom isn't the only one who needed to do that.
Why does Tom want to be a veterinarian?
I don't intend to buy any of these pictures.
Tom isn't the only one who enjoys doing that.
Why does Tom always do that by himself?
I didn't think you'd tell me how to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me not to do that.
Why do you think Tom won't have to win?
I didn't think you'd show me how to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me how to do that.
Where did Tom work before he came here?
I didn't think you really wanted to do that.
Tom isn't the one responsible for doing that.
When was the last time Tom visited you?
I didn't think you really needed to do that.
Tom isn't tall enough to reach the top shelf.
When was it that you did that with Tom?
I didn't think I'd be able to do that again.
Tom isn't supposed to help me this afternoon.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom do that.
I didn't know you were the one who did that.
Tom isn't likely to stop crying anytime soon.
What was Tom doing in Boston last week?
I didn't know you were so interested in art.
Tom isn't likely to be able to do that again.
What time should I tell Tom to do that?
I didn't know you could do that by yourself.
Tom isn't able to do what we asked him to do.
What time should I tell Tom to be here?
I didn't have the courage to try doing that.
Tom is very sure he can take care of himself.
What did Tom tell you he wanted to eat?
I didn't do that today the way I usually do.
Tom is very determined to finish the project.
What did Tom tell you he wanted to buy?
I can't believe I just promised I'd do that.
Tom is trying to learn how to play the bugle.
What did Tom say his father's name was?
I bought this hat at a store on Park Street.
Tom is the only person I know who can't swim.
What did Tom say he expected to happen?
I bought this for you while I was in Boston.
Tom is the only other person who can do that.
We've got to make sure Tom doesn't win.
How was the restaurant you ate at yesterday?
Tom is the one who talked me into doing that.
This is the way Tom told us to do this.
How many loaves of bread do you need to buy?
Tom is the one who suggested that we do this.
The university Tom goes to isn't small.
How many cups of tea do you drink every day?
Tom is the one who brought you these flowers.
Tell Tom that I won't agree to do that.
How did you know you didn't need to do that?
Tom is the one who actually wrote the letter.
Tell Tom he shouldn't agree to do that.
How did you know you didn't have to do that?
Tom is supposed to be here in thirty minutes.
Please do that the way Tom told you to.
Have you finished doing what you were doing?
Tom is likely to be at the meeting on Monday.
Perhaps Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
Have any of you ever eaten at Chuck's Diner?
Tom is going to leave the day after tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom doesn't want to do that again.
Do you still sometimes eat at Chuck's Diner?
Tom is confident he can take care of himself.
Most likely Tom won't agree to do that.
Do you know who's responsible for the accident?
Tom hasn't yet told me why he didn't do that.
Let's warn Tom about what might happen.
Didn't you tell me you would do that for me?
Tom has two sons. Both of them are teenagers.
It's doubtful whether Tom will do that.
Are you still planning to stay up all night?
Tom has been waiting in the lobby since 2:30.
It'll probably be tough for Tom to win.
Are you still having problems with your car?
Tom hardly ever goes out drinking by himself.
It would be fantastic if Tom could win.
Are you saying that you think I can do that?
Tom had just now finished doing his homework.
It took three hours for Tom to do that.
Are you going to write the letter some more?
Tom got to where he couldn't do that anymore.
It looks like Tom might be able to win.
After we finish eating, let's go for a walk.
Tom goes swimming three or four times a week.
It looks like Tom may agree to do that.
"What do you need?" "I don't need anything."
Tom explained to me in detail how to do that.
It looks like Tom is determined to win.
"Did you do that yesterday?" "No, I didn't."
Tom doesn't seem to be able to do that again.
It looks like Tom is being cooperative.
You'd get in trouble if you didn't do that.
Tom doesn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
If Tom had more time, he could do that.
You were supposed to do that before Monday.
Tom didn't take the time to do that properly.
If I don't do that, Tom will get angry.
You told us you'd wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom didn't seem to know anybody at the party.
I've promised Tom I'd do that tomorrow.
You should've waited until Monday to leave.
Tom didn't seem to have everything he needed.
I've persuaded Tom to agree to do that.
You might get hurt if you do that that way.
Tom didn't seem to have anything else to say.
I've heard that Tom is quite obstinate.
You look a little young to be a pharmacist.
Tom didn't seem to care one way or the other.
I'm the French teacher at Tom's school.
You don't need to worry about that anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in politics.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't do that for free.
You can do that if you put your mind to it.
Tom didn't look like he was enjoying himself.
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't going to win.
Would you be kind enough to do that for me?
Tom didn't charge me anything for doing that.
I'm positive Tom will agree to do that.
Why didn't you do that the way I suggested?
Tom can go swimming right now if he wants to.
I'm positive Tom can wait a bit longer.
Why aren't you doing what I told you to do?
Tom can do that well, but I can do it better.
I'm not the one who borrowed Tom's car.
Which are you better at, French or English?
Tom can definitely do that better than I can.
I'm not sure if Tom will do that again.
Whether you go or not doesn't matter to me.
Tom assured us that he won't do that anymore.
I'm not convinced that Tom can do that.
Where do you think I should pitch the tent?
Tom asked me if I really thought I could win.
I'm not allowed to visit Tom in prison.
When was the last time you wore sunglasses?
Tom and I went to a movie together last week.
I'm glad to hear Tom agreed to do that.
When was the last time you slept in a tent?
Tom and I had hoped you could do that for us.
I'm glad I was able to do that for Tom.
What made you think I had to do that again?
Tom and I didn't travel together last summer.
I'll have to ask Tom to do that for me.
What else do you want to load into the car?
Tom and I are going to go to Boston together.
I'll do that for Tom if he wants me to.
What else do you need to load into the car?
Tom wouldn't be happy if you didn't do that.
I'll ask Tom to show me how to do that.
We weren't expecting you to do that for us.
Tom would leave early if he were allowed to.
I'd stop doing that if Tom asked me to.
We shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Tom won't be able figure out how to do that.
I'd have to do that if Tom asked me to.
We haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
Tom wasn't working very hard when I saw him.
I'd do that for Tom if he wanted me to.
We had hoped that you could do that for us.
Tom wasn't working at his desk this morning.
I wondered why Tom was studying French.
We don't usually do that when it's raining.
Tom wasn't watching a basketball game on TV.
I wonder why Tom was kept after school.
We don't often get a chance to leave early.
Tom wasn't very good-looking in high school.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to dance.
We don't go sailing as often as we used to.
Tom wasn't the only person who was punished.
I wonder why Tom didn't tell the truth.
We could've left earlier if we'd wanted to.
Tom wasn't the only person who was arrested.
I wonder whether Tom agreed to do that.
There aren't many trees in my neighborhood.
Tom wasn't the only person who got arrested.
I wonder if Tom would agree to do that.
There are still a lot of things left to do.
Tom wasn't the only one who offered to help.
I wonder if Tom is still uncomfortable.
There are many good reasons not to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the answer.
I wonder if Tom is still irresponsible.
The food here is inexpensive and delicious.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew about that.
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.
The bus I take to school is always crowded.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room at 2:30.
I wear the same size shoes as Tom does.
That's one reason I'll never do that again.
Tom wasn't the one who turned on the lights.
I wasn't the only person Tom talked to.
Please tell me you didn't actually do that.
Tom wasn't the one who painted that picture.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was afraid.
Please tell me what you think we should do.
Tom wasn't the one who handled that problem.
I wasn't planning to help, but Tom was.
Please make sure that you get home by 2:30.
Tom wasn't the last person to finish eating.
I wasn't aware that Tom had to do that.
Please make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me that.
I was surprised when I saw Tom do that.
None of my children go to school in Boston.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave the house.
I want to know if Tom eats meat or not.
It's very important that you do that today.
Tom wasn't the first one to get off the bus.
I want to do that before Tom gets here.
It's not as simple as you think to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the house.
I tried to persuade Tom not to do that.
It's impossible for me to do that tomorrow.
Tom wasn't at home when I went to visit him.
I told Tom that he should study French.
It's been three years since I've done that.
Tom was the one who told me not to eat that.
I told Tom that I thought he could win.
It's already been a month since I did that.
Tom was still alive when the doctor arrived.
I told Tom I wouldn't agree to do that.
It'll take me about three hours to do that.
Tom used to go swimming with us quite often.
I thought you said Tom was a carpenter.
It would be great if we could eat together.
Tom used to do that, but he doesn't anymore.
I thought that Tom wasn't going to win.
It looks like you're determined to do that.
Tom told me you could take care of yourself.
I thought Tom wasn't in prison anymore.
Is that one of the stores you always go to?
Tom told me yesterday that he'd go tomorrow.
I think that Tom will agree to do that.
I've quit waiting for someone to rescue me.
Tom told me that you're very good at French.
I think Tom wouldn't actually eat that.
I'm not wearing socks, so my feet are cold.
Tom told me that he was hesitant to do that.
I think Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
I'm not the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom told me he'd do that if I did that, too.
I think Tom might wait a little longer.
I'm not the only one here who knows French.
Tom told me he wouldn't get home until 2:30.
I think Tom might not agree to do that.
I'm not the only Canadian living in Boston.
Tom told me he wasn't sure he could do that.
I think Tom didn't know how to do that.
I'm not sure when I'm supposed to be there.
Tom thought you could take care of yourself.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't win.
I'm not rich and I don't really want to be.
Tom thought he might be required to do that.
I know why Tom didn't agree to do that.
I'm not able to do what I'm supposed to do.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that.
I know the reason why Tom was laughing.
I'm living in a small house on Park Street.
Tom suggested that we go to Boston together.
I know that Tom won't agree to do that.
I'm likely to still be in Boston on Monday.
Tom stressed that he didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm going to eat at Chuck's Diner tomorrow.
Tom still hopes he can take care of himself.
I know that Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm going to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom should've asked me before he left early.
I know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm a bit tired, so I'm going to bed early.
Tom seemed to be very determined to do that.
I know Tom would leave if we'd let him.
I'll buy that when I get my next pay check.
Tom seemed to be having a little difficulty.
I know Tom will never agree to do that.
I'd prefer not to do that until after 2:30.
Tom seemed to be a little busier than usual.
I know Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'd never try to do that without some help.
Tom says that he'd like to do that with you.
I know Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I'd never do that the way you say I should.
Tom said that he'll go to Boston next month.
I knew you'd wait for Tom to get there.
I'd have done that by myself if I could've.
Tom said that he didn't know how to do that.
I knew you wouldn't ask Tom to do that.
I wouldn't refuse to do that if I were you.
Tom said he's really glad he didn't do that.
I knew you wouldn't accept Tom's offer.
I won't be able to move the desk by myself.
Tom said he's only gone camping three times.
I knew that Tom would agree to do that.
I wish I'd known you were going to do that.
Tom said he's happy that you didn't do that.
I knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
I wish I'd known I was supposed to do that.
Tom said he's gone sailing only three times.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I wish I hadn't tried doing that by myself.
Tom said he'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
I knew Tom wouldn't want me to do that.
I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't eat much.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for you.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
I wasn't the one who ate all the ice cream.
Tom said he wouldn't show me how to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't do anything stupid.
I wasn't sure whether I should sing or not.
Tom said he wasn't going to do that anymore.
I hope that Tom won't agree to do that.
I wasn't satisfied with the way I did that.
Tom said he was too busy to help me do that.
I heard that Tom wasn't a good teacher.
I wasn't able to speak French at that time.
Tom said he knew we wouldn't be able to win.
I heard that Tom didn't wait very long.
I wasn't able to do everything I had to do.
Tom said he didn't have to work next Monday.
I heard Tom leaving early this morning.
I was very unpopular in junior high school.
Tom said he didn't have to do that tomorrow.
I hear Tom is still waiting for a visa.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't know how.
Tom said I didn't have to decide right away.
I haven't yet convinced Tom to do that.
I want to deposit this check in my account.
Tom probably wishes he hadn't eaten so much.
I haven't yet asked Tom to leave early.
I usually go to the supermarket on Mondays.
Tom probably didn't go to Boston last month.
I haven't missed any of Tom's concerts.
I took my children to Disneyland last year.
Tom probably didn't do that on October 20th.
I have no idea how Tom was able to win.
I thought you told me you wouldn't do that.
Tom ought to be able to get home by himself.
I have a feeling Tom won't want to win.
I thought you told me you couldn't do that.
Tom obviously didn't really want to do that.
I doubt that Tom will wait much longer.
I thought you knew I couldn't speak French.
Tom made me promise not to go there anymore.
I doubt that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I think that we can take care of ourselves.
Tom looked like he was reluctant to do that.
I doubt that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think it would be better to wait a while.
Tom looked like he was desperate to do that.
I doubt that Tom will agree to do that.
I think I'm pretty good at speaking French.
Tom knew he should wait, but he left anyway.
I doubt Tom will ever agree to do that.
I think I'll be able to do that eventually.
Tom isn't the only person who could do that.
I don't want to help Tom do that again.
I think I can probably take care of myself.
Tom isn't the only one who seemed to notice.
I don't think Tom was ready to do that.
I swam for more than three hours yesterday.
Tom isn't the only one who knew where I was.
I don't think Tom wanted us to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who got here on time.
I don't think Tom should've left early.
I spent several months in Boston last year.
Tom isn't the only one who couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm scared.
I spent my summer vacation studying French.
Tom isn't the only one to survive the crash.
I don't think Tom knows why I did that.
I speak French better than my brother does.
Tom isn't the one who turned off the lights.
I don't think Tom knows what'll happen.
I speak French better than I speak English.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to swim.
I don't think Tom knows much about art.
I promised myself I wouldn't do that again.
Tom isn't the one who got us into this mess.
I don't think Tom has to do that again.
I need to stay in Boston for three weeks.
Tom isn't the one who came up with the idea.
I don't think Tom has to come tomorrow.
I might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom isn't the one that painted this picture.
I don't think Tom has one of these yet.
I lived in Boston before I came to Chicago.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom has his phone on him.
I knew you wouldn't fail your driving test.
Tom isn't actually going to eat that, is he?
I don't think Tom has health insurance.
I knew doing that would be a waste of time.
Tom is unlikely to stop crying anytime soon.
I don't think Tom has a microwave oven.
I hope I don't need to do that before 2:30.
Tom is unable to do what we asked him to do.
I don't think Tom has a girlfriend now.
I hope I don't have to do that before 2:30.
Tom is the only person who wants to do that.
I don't know why Tom enjoys doing that.
I haven't ridden my bicycle in a long time.
Tom is the only person who couldn't do that.
I don't know why Tom agreed to do that.
I haven't played my trumpet in a long time.
Tom is the only one who should've done that.
I don't know when Tom is going do that.
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time.
Tom is the only one who knew how to do that.
I don't expect to see Tom at the party.
I have to stay in Boston until next Monday.
Tom is the only one who didn't say anything.
I don't expect Tom to agree to do that.
I hardly ever read books written in French.
Tom is the only one who didn't eat any cake.
I don't doubt Tom's ability to do that.
I drink either coffee or tea every morning.
Tom is the one who taught me how to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't do that.
I doubt that I can do everything by myself.
Tom is the one who suggested that I do that.
I didn't let Tom leave the house today.
I don't think I'll be able to eat all this.
Tom is the one who showed me how to do that.
I didn't know that would embarrass Tom.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom is the one who introduced me to my wife.
I didn't know that Tom was good at French.
I don't think I can swim across this river.
Tom is the one who helped me paint my house.
I didn't know Tom would leave so early.
I don't intend to stay in Boston very long.
Tom is supposed to do that without any help.
I didn't know Tom was ready to do that.
I don't have a car, so I go to work by bus.
Tom is supposed to come over this afternoon.
I didn't know Tom was going to show up.
I don't go fishing as often as I'd like to.
Tom is supposed to arrive here this evening.
I didn't expect Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think you'd have to do that again.
Tom is probably still determined to do that.
I didn't expect Tom to be at the party.
I didn't think you needed to do that again.
Tom is positive he can take care of himself.
I didn't do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't think it would be easy to do that.
Tom is getting out of the hospital tomorrow.
I couldn't get Tom to agree to do that.
I didn't know you weren't going to do that.
Tom hasn't done that for two or three years.
I believe Tom can take care of himself.
I didn't know you were going to be nervous.
Tom has told me he can take care of himself.
I asked Tom why he was studying French.
I didn't know you were going to be jealous.
Tom has never really tried very hard to win.
I asked Tom who his French teacher was.
I didn't know you knew how to speak French.
Tom has already said that he'll leave early.
I asked Tom to wait until we got there.
I didn't know you didn't know how to drive.
Tom has already promised not to leave early.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I didn't know the meeting would be so long.
Tom has already asked me not to leave early.
How do you know Tom isn't going to win?
I didn't know that you could dance so well.
Tom got out of his car and locked the doors.
How did you know what Tom wanted to do?
I didn't do that the way I was supposed to.
Tom drank the orange juice I poured for him.
How did you know what Tom should to do?
I didn't do that as quickly as I should've.
Tom doesn't yet know who's going to do that.
How did you know Tom wanted to do that?
I did that because I felt it was necessary.
Tom doesn't know who can swim and who can't.
How did you know Tom needed to do that?
I could get in trouble if I didn't do that.
Tom doesn't earn enough to support a family.
How did you find out Tom could do that?
I considered waiting, but decided to leave.
Tom didn't seem to be very happy to be here.
Does Tom know we don't want him to win?
I can't possibly do that without your help.
Tom didn't seem to be the one giving orders.
Do you want to know why Tom didn't win?
I can't possibly do that without some help.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of the problems.
Do you think we can get Tom to do that?
I also put the ketchup in the refrigerator.
Tom didn't seem to be any busier than usual.
Do you think Tom would help me do that?
I almost forgot to tell you how to do that.
Tom didn't seem interested in anything else.
Do you think Tom will help you do that?
I almost forgot to show you how to do that.
Tom didn't seem any busier today than usual.
Do you think Tom is still undependable?
How many windows are there in your bedroom?
Tom didn't like carrots when he was a child.
Do you think Tom is still disorganized?
How long did it take you to learn to drive?
Tom didn't know that he had to go yesterday.
Do you really think Tom will be absent?
How did you find out you needed to do that?
Tom denied that he fell asleep during class.
Do you really think Tom will back soon?
Do you think the post office is still open?
Tom couldn't go fishing with us last summer.
Do you really think Tom was interested?
Are you still thinking of going to college?
Tom can swim better than anyone else I know.
Do you really think Tom was frightened?
Are you still going to do that by yourself?
Tom and some of his friends went to the zoo.
Do you really think Tom was displeased?
All three of us want to go to your concert.
Tom and I've decided not to travel together.
Do you really think Tom is warm enough?
All three of us need to go to that meeting.
Tom and I'll stay at a hotel near the beach.
Do you really think Tom is trustworthy?
All three of us have to go to that meeting.
Tom and I only speak French to our children.
Do you really think Tom is sympathetic?
You're the only person who didn't do that.
Tom and I need to talk about how to do that.
Do you really think Tom is retired now?
You wouldn't pay me to do that, would you?
Tom and I don't often agree with each other.
Do you really think Tom is intelligent?
You still haven't shown me how to do that.
Tom and I don't go fishing together anymore.
Do you really think Tom is incompetent?
You should have one of us do that for you.
Tom and I don't do that together very often.
Did Tom say how he was able to do that?
You never told me you were a veterinarian.
Tom and I didn't do that together yesterday.
Did Tom know you were going to do that?
You need a pair of dice to play this game.
Tom and I both left Boston in the same year.
Did Tom know we didn't want him to win?
You must do that more carefully next time.
Tom also put the celery in the refrigerator.
Did Tom ask you why you didn't do that?
You look like you're reluctant to do that.
Tom admitted that what he'd done was stupid.
Can you tell me why Tom didn't do that?
You look a little young to be a professor.
Tom admitted that he was tempted to do that.
Both of Tom's parents have passed away.
You know that I didn't do that, don't you?
Tom wouldn't like it if you didn't do that.
Are you still going to let Tom do that?
You didn't tell me that you were a tailor.
Tom wouldn't give me permission to do that.
You thought Tom would win, didn't you?
You didn't tell me that you were a barber.
Tom would probably be reluctant to do that.
You never told me Tom was a professor.
You can probably do that without any help.
Tom will probably never be able to do that.
You never told me Tom was a carpenter.
You aren't expected to be able to do that.
Tom will probably be through eating by now.
Why don't you and Tom travel together?
Wouldn't it be better to do that tomorrow?
Tom will eventually find out who did that.
Why do you think Tom hasn't done that?
Would it be all right if I didn't do that?
Tom went here yesterday for the first time.
Who told you that Tom ate my sandwich?
Who told you I couldn't understand French?
Tom wasn't worried about what might happen.
Who told Tom he could eat my sandwich?
Which one of you three will be doing that?
Tom wasn't willing to try doing that again.
Who does Tom usually go swimming with?
Where do you go when you want to be alone?
Tom wasn't the only person who was injured.
Who does Tom usually go shopping with?
When was the last time you wore a uniform?
Tom wasn't the only person who got injured.
Where did Tom tell you we should wait?
When was the last time you used your tent?
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't do that.
When was the last time Tom helped you?
When was the last time you used a compass?
Tom wasn't the only one not wearing a suit.
What makes you think Tom couldn't win?
What'll you do after we finish doing this?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me that song.
What did Tom tell you he wanted to do?
What makes you think I did that?
Tom wasn't the one who organized the party.
What did Tom tell you he needed to do?
We shouldn't ever need to do that anymore.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this ticket.
What did Tom say he expected us to do?
We didn't do that a lot when we were kids.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this guitar.
What did Tom give Tom on his birthday?
We aren't very likely to do that together.
Tom wasn't the one who filed the complaint.
The person who's doing that now's Tom.
There's no reason why I shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Should Tom really be eating right now?
There should be plenty of time to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to raise his hand.
No one knows that Tom hasn't done that.
The man next to me on the bus was snoring.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here today.
Maybe Tom will leave tomorrow morning.
That red flower over there is very pretty.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the room.
Maybe Tom stayed in Boston last night.
Please tell me whether you'll come or not.
Tom wasn't the first one here this morning.
Maybe Tom can stay for a while longer.
Please let me know when I need to do that.
Tom wasn't sure if he could do that or not.
It's up to Tom whether he goes or not.
Please buy a package of spaghetti noodles.
Tom wasn't sure he needed to do that again.
It's unclear why Tom hasn't done that.
Please bring a notebook with you tomorrow.
Tom wasn't supposed to help me, but he did.
It's possible that Tom didn't do that.
My teacher warned me not to do it anymore.
Tom wasn't convinced that he could do that.
It's doubtful whether Tom can do that.
Make sure that you don't do that by yourself.
Tom was too tired to help me do that today.
It'll probably be easy for Tom to win.
Let's leave next week instead of tomorrow.
Tom was too busy to help you do that today.
It'll be good if Tom comes here today.
It would probably be safer to go by train.
Tom was told that he's required to do that.
It would be impossible for Tom to win.
It would be better for you to do that now.
Tom was told never to come back here again.
It was very insensitive of Tom to win.
It was hot yesterday afternoon, wasn't it?
It was Tom who told me not to do that.
It took me three hours or more to do that.
Tom was convinced that he'd be able to win.
It looks like Tom might be interested.
It took me only thirty minutes to do that.
Tom wanted to stay longer, but he couldn't.
It looks like Tom is going to do that.
It takes me a good three hours to do that.
Tom used to be difficult to get along with.
It looks like Tom is eating right now.
It seems that it's OK if we don't do that.
Tom used to be able to eat very spicy food.
Is this the cup that Tom drank out of?
It looks like you're reluctant to do that.
Tom understands neither French nor English.
Is it possible Tom could've done that?
It looks like you're motivated to do that.
Tom told us that he didn't want to do that.
I've already told Tom when to do that.
It looks like you're desperate to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that again.
I've already shown Tom how to do that.
Is this the first time for you to do that?
Tom told me that he was through doing that.
I'm working with Tom and three others.
If you were allowed to do that, would you?
Tom told me that he was tempted to do that.
I'm sure Tom can take care of himself.
If that's what you want to do, then do it.
Tom told me that he does that every Monday.
I'm supposed to go to Boston with Tom.
I've actually done that quite a few times.
Tom told me he's always done that that way.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't believe us.
I'm waiting for a package to be delivered.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that until 2:30.
I'm not the only person Tom talked to.
I'm the best French speaker here, I think.
Tom told me he wasn't going back to Boston.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't win.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do that.
Tom told me he wasn't actually the manager.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't cry.
I'm sure I'll figure out a way to do that.
Tom told me he wasn't able to speak French.
I'm not sure what Tom wants me to buy.
I'm not the one who ate all the ice cream.
Tom told me he thought he wouldn't do that.
I'm not sure Tom would let me do that.
I'm not sure whether I should sing or not.
Tom told me he found something interesting.
I'm not sure Tom will be able do that.
I'm not as good at French as I think I am.
Tom told me he doesn't remember doing that.
I'm glad Tom showed me how to do that.
I'm definitely not going to be doing that.
Tom told me he didn't want to eat any more.
I'm afraid Tom might agree to do that.
I'll try to make it to your party tonight.
Tom told me I didn't have to do that again.
I'll ask Tom why he agreed to do that.
I'll lend you some money if you need some.
Tom thought he might need to do that today.
I'd prefer not to go jogging with Tom.
I'll do that first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that.
I'd never see Tom again if I were you.
I'd be very disappointed if that happened.
Tom thought I might be required to do that.
I'd never have allowed Tom to do that.
I wouldn't wait much longer if I were you.
Tom still has time to get home before 2:30.
I'd have to do that if Tom told me to.
I wouldn't have done that any differently.
Tom sometimes played tennis here last year.
I'd call Tom right back if I were you.
I wouldn't do that that way if I were you.
Tom seems to have forgotten how to do that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom didn't win.
I wonder if we can take care of ourselves.
Tom seems to be the one most likely to cry.
I wouldn't wait for Tom if I were you.
I wish I'd known that was going to happen.
Tom seems to be enjoying himself in Boston.
I wouldn't mind if Tom didn't do that.
I wish I'd done what you said I should do.
Tom seemed to really enjoy being in Boston.
I wouldn't care if Tom didn't do that.
I wish I didn't need to do that this week.
I wonder why Tom thinks you're biased.
I wasn't very difficult to get along with.
Tom seemed to be very reluctant to do that.
I wonder why Tom is being so stubborn.
I wasn't very amused by what was going on.
Tom seemed to be very motivated to do that.
I wonder why Tom is always so unlucky.
I wasn't the only one who failed the test.
Tom seemed to be very desperate to do that.
I wonder why Tom hasn't done that yet.
I wasn't the drunkest person at the party.
Tom seemed to be smiling all day yesterday.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to sing.
I wasn't expecting anything bad to happen.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to say anything.
I wonder why Tom didn't want to dance.
I wasn't able to find a good hiding place.
Tom seemed to be in a very good mood today.
I wonder where Tom had studies French.
I wasn't able to buy everything we needed.
Tom seemed to be having trouble doing that.
I wonder if Tom will agree to do that.
I was hoping I'd be able to do that again.
Tom seemed surprised when I didn't do that.
I wonder if Tom is still undependable.
I want you to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom says he'll do that when he's in Boston.
I wonder if Tom is still good-looking.
I want to be as good at French as you are.
Tom says he regrets that he didn't do that.
I wonder if Tom is still disorganized.
I thought you used to be a French teacher.
Tom says he has no desire to do that again.
I wonder if Tom is still conservative.
I thought I'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he didn't do that by himself.
I wonder if Tom has already done that.
I think you should add a little more salt.
Tom said that he can't go with us tomorrow.
I won't do that the way Tom suggested.
I think you ought to turn that offer down.
Tom said he'll stay where he is until 2:30.
I wish Tom hadn't asked me to do that.
I think that you won't be able to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing to do the driving.
I wish Tom had told me how to do that.
I think I've figured out a way to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing to do the cooking.
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up.
I think I'm not supposed to do that again.
Tom said he wouldn't let that happen again.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was there.
I think I'll be able to do that on my own.
Tom said he was willing to help me do that.
I wasn't able to contact Tom by phone.
I taught French in Boston for three years.
Tom said he thought the room was too small.
I was surprised when Tom told me that.
I sure hope you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he knew I wasn't going to do that.
I want to show Tom that I can do that.
I suggest you do that as soon as possible.
Tom said he isn't even going to try to win.
I want to know why Tom didn't do that.
I still think we won't be able to do that?
Tom regrets staying out so late last night.
I told you Tom would agree to do that.
I still don't know why you didn't do that.
Tom probably shouldn't have stayed so long.
I told Tom why he should study French.
I nearly stayed in Boston for another day.
Tom probably doesn't watch a lot of movies.
I told Tom we aren't going to do that.
I might not have to do that until October.
Tom probably doesn't agree with me on this.
I told Tom that I thought I could win.
I might not get back home until next week.
Tom ought to be able to do that by himself.
I told Tom I wouldn't wait any longer.
I might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom opened the door as quietly as he could.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom may not go to Boston until next spring.
I told Tom I knew how to speak French.
I know that you can take care of yourself.
Tom looked like he was hesitant to do that.
I told Tom I couldn't wait any longer.
I know that we can take care of ourselves.
Tom looked like he was finished doing that.
I thought you said Tom was a mechanic.
I know I'll be able to do that eventually.
Tom learned how to do that a few years ago.
I thought Tom wasn't scared of snakes.
I know I shouldn't have asked you to do that.
Tom knows you can't speak French very well.
I thought Tom wasn't looking too good.
I know I should wait, but I don't want to.
Tom knows that he can take care of himself.
I thought Tom wasn't going to confess.
I knew you wouldn't want to go home early.
Tom knew he wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I thought Tom wasn't coming back here.
I knew you wouldn't have a very good time.
Tom isn't watching a basketball game on TV.
I thought Tom wasn't afraid of snakes.
I just wanted to see if you could do that.
Tom isn't the only person who was arrested.
I thought Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
I intend to go back to Boston next spring.
Tom isn't the only person who got arrested.
I think that Tom hasn't done that yet.
I hope we can figure out a way to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who offered to help.
I think Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I heard that you weren't going to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't do that.
I think Tom will permit us to do that.
I haven't yet done what I promised I'd do.
Tom isn't the one who turned on the lights.
I think Tom should do that by himself.
I haven't written a letter in a long time.
Tom isn't the one who handled that problem.
I think Tom must've done that earlier.
I haven't walked to school in a long time.
Tom isn't sure he can take care of himself.
I think Tom must've agreed to do that.
I haven't studied French at all this week.
Tom isn't going to go camping this weekend.
I think Tom is going to be doing that.
I haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
Tom is wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans.
I think Tom didn't want me to do that.
I have to stay in Boston for another week.
Tom is unlikely to go camping this weekend.
I think Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I have to do something I don't want to do.
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.
I think Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I had some free time yesterday, so I went.
Tom is too busy to notice what's happening.
I think Tom didn't do that by himself.
I had hoped that you would do that for me.
Tom is the only person to survive the fire.
I think Tom could be eating right now.
I doubt if doing that will be interesting.
Tom is the only one who could've done that.
I think I'll wait until Tom gets here.
I don't want to listen to music right now.
Tom is the only one who can open this safe.
I think I left my sunglasses at Tom's.
I don't want to eat ice cream for dessert.
Tom is the one who told me where you lived.
I teach Tom French three times a week.
I don't understand why you didn't do that.
Tom is the one who suggested leaving early.
I still wonder why Tom didn't do that.
I don't really feel like doing that again.
Tom is the one who asked all the questions.
I should tell Tom to agree to do that.
I don't often get a chance to leave early.
Tom is the most influential person in town.
I plan on waiting until Tom gets here.
I don't mind if you don't do that anymore.
Tom is probably still waiting in the lobby.
I let Tom do that anytime he wants to.
I don't like doing that when it's raining.
Tom is probably still reluctant to do that.
I know why Tom didn't need to do that.
I don't know how far it is to the station.
Tom is definitely not doing that right now.
I know why Tom didn't like doing that.
I don't ever want to sing that song again.
Tom hopes that he can take care of himself.
I know why Tom didn't have to do that.
I don't enjoy eating at cheap restaurants.
Tom has to stay in Boston for another week.
I know Tom will leave for Boston soon.
I didn't think you had to do that anymore.
Tom has suggested that we go out for lunch.
I know Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I didn't know you were going to come back.
Tom has promised that he'll do that for us.
I knew that Tom had agreed to do that.
I didn't know you wanted to go to college.
Tom has already decided not to leave early.
I knew that Tom couldn't speak French.
I didn't know you knew how to drive a bus.
Tom gets home at 2:every day but Monday.
I knew Tom wouldn't say anything else.
I didn't know that you could speak French.
Tom found it difficult to stay on his diet.
I knew Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I didn't know that was supposed to happen.
Tom filled out the application form for me.
I knew Tom wouldn't get the safe open.
I didn't jump into the pool. I was pushed.
Tom fell off his bicycle and broke his arm.
I knew Tom would fail his French test.
I did that with you a couple of years ago.
Tom expects all three of us to go with him.
I knew Tom couldn't understand French.
I can't remember how to get to your house.
Tom doesn't seem to have very many friends.
I hope that Tom will agree to do that.
I can't believe you're already in college.
Tom doesn't know very much about Australia.
I hope that Tom doesn't do that again.
I can't believe that you're a grandmother.
Tom doesn't have the time to eat right now.
I hope Tom waited until you got there.
I almost stayed in Boston for another day.
Tom didn't seem to want anything from you.
I hear that Tom is good at doing that.
How much does it cost to do that nowadays?
Tom didn't seem to understand what I meant.
I haven't yet told Tom why I did that.
How many desks are there in the classroom?
Tom didn't seem to regret what he had done.
I have no idea why Tom didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to really enjoy being here.
I had no idea that Tom didn't like me.
How many Stephen Foster songs do you know?
Tom didn't seem to know who that woman was.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to win.
How far is it from here to where you work?
Tom didn't seem to know very much about us.
I guess if Tom can do that, I can too.
Do you want me to tell you how to do that?
Tom didn't seem to know how to do that yet.
I expect that Tom is eating right now.
Do you want me to show you how to do that?
Tom didn't seem to have been injured badly.
I drank out of Tom's glass by mistake.
Do you think you could do that without us?
Tom didn't seem to be reluctant to do that.
I doubt that Tom is still unconscious.
Do you really need me to help you do that?
Tom didn't seem to be making much progress.
I doubt that Tom can wait much longer.
Do you have more than three pair of shoes?
Tom didn't seem to be interested in sports.
I doubt if Tom would agree to do that.
Do you have a bicycle pump I could borrow?
Tom didn't seem to be in a good mood today.
I don't understand why Tom didn't win.
Are you still looking for a new apartment?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of the problem.
I don't think Tom will do that either.
Are you still interested in going with us?
Tom didn't seem happy to be here yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows why he's here.
Are you still getting paid for doing this?
Tom didn't quite understand how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows what you want.
All three of us went fishing last weekend.
Tom didn't need to go if he didn't want to.
I don't think Tom knows what he wants.
All three doctors agreed on the diagnosis.
Tom didn't need any help with his homework.
I don't think Tom knows what happened.
All of my children go to school in Boston.
Tom didn't look like he was having any fun.
I don't think Tom knows the truth yet.
About how many hours will you study today?
Tom didn't drink the wine I poured for him.
I don't think Tom knows the rules yet.
About how many days will you be in Boston?
Tom didn't do that as he was instructed to.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm here.
You're too young to go there by yourself.
Tom did that, even though he didn't want to.
I don't think Tom knows how bad it is.
You're the only one who did that, aren't you?
Tom did that without asking for permission.
I don't think Tom knows his neighbors.
You're going to have to do that yourself.
Tom could do that if you gave him a chance.
I don't think Tom knows all the rules.
You're big enough to do that by yourself.
Tom claims he can sleep with his eyes open.
I don't think Tom knows French at all.
You'd better do that as soon as possible.
Tom asked us to stay and help him clean up.
I don't think Tom has to work anymore.
You told us you'd wouldn't do that again.
Tom and I'll do that the way you showed us.
I don't think Tom has to say anything.
You still haven't told me how to do that.
Tom and I weren't the only ones doing that.
I don't think Tom has to pay anything.
You shouldn't ever need to do that again.
Tom and I didn't go to that movie together.
I don't think Tom has to decide today.
You shouldn't ever have to do that again.
Tom and I are going to do that this winter.
I don't think Tom has much experience.
You should consider not doing that again.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really psychic.
I don't think Tom has flood insurance.
You never told me why you didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't like it if we didn't do that.
I don't think Tom has a full-time job.
You looked like you were unfazed by that.
Tom wouldn't laugh at something like that.
I don't think Tom can wait any longer.
You look like you're hesitant to do that.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do any better.
I don't think I like Tom's suggestion.
You didn't tell me that you were a pilot.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to eat that.
I don't intend to go to Tom's concert.
You didn't get paid to go there, did you?
Tom wouldn't be happy if I didn't do that.
I don't care why Tom hasn't done that.
Would you like me to speak to your class?
Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I didn't think Tom would ever do that.
Would it be OK if I didn't do that today?
Tom would probably be hesitant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would actually win.
Would it OK with you if I didn't do that?
Tom will put the eggs in the refrigerator.
I didn't know that Tom does that, too.
Who did you want to go to the dance with?
Tom will probably be waiting in the lobby.
I didn't know Tom would do that again.
When will you be coming back from Boston?
Tom wasn't told not to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom knew how to do that.
When was the last time you used a ladder?
Tom wasn't told he didn't need to do that.
I didn't know Tom had gone to college.
When was the last time you used a hammer?
Tom wasn't told he didn't have to do that.
I did what Tom told me I needed to do.
When was the last time you used a camera?
Tom wasn't there for me when I needed him.
I couldn't get Tom to wait any longer.
When are you going to buy a new computer?
Tom wasn't the only survivor of the crash.
I can't understand why Tom didn't win.
What would you think if I didn't do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who tried to help.
I can't prove that Tom didn't do that.
What time will you go to school tomorrow?
Tom wasn't the only applicant for the job.
I can prove that Tom hasn't done that.
What kind of food did you cook yesterday?
Tom wasn't the one who told us to do that.
How was Tom able to find the treasure?
What did you do the day before yesterday?
Tom wasn't the one who told me what to do.
How did you know Tom was good at golf?
We've already decided not to leave early.
Tom wasn't the one who told me to do that.
Eventually, Tom will agree to do that.
We'll leave first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom wasn't the one who told me about that.
Even Tom doesn't go to Boston anymore.
We thought we could do that by ourselves.
Tom wasn't the one who bought my old desk.
Does Tom know I don't want him to win?
We probably won't leave at the same time.
Tom wasn't the first one to finish eating.
Do you want to know when Tom did that?
We need a pair of dice to play this game.
Tom wasn't the first one to be eliminated.
Do you think Tom would really do that?
We know you can't speak French very well.
Tom wasn't the captain of basketball team.
Do you think Tom might be able to win?
We don't do that by ourselves very often.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
Do you think Tom is still unimpressed?
We aren't very likely to travel together.
Tom wasn't supposed to be there yesterday.
Do you think Tom is still unconvinced?
There's no reason why you should do that.
Tom wasn't as boring as I thought he'd be.
Do you think Tom is still unconscious?
There should be an easier way to do that.
Tom was too young to take care of himself.
Do you really think Tom will be there?
That's the same way I would've done that.
Tom was hoping you could do that with him.
Do you really think Tom will be early?
That's not how we're supposed to do that.
Tom used to snore, but he doesn't anymore.
Do you really think Tom was terrified?
Please let me know when I should do that.
Tom told me that I should eat more slowly.
Do you really think Tom was surprised?
None of my children want to go to Boston.
Tom told me he wasn't very good at tennis.
Do you really think Tom was objective?
Make sure that doesn't ever happen again.
Tom told me he wasn't very good at French.
Do you really think Tom was impressed?
Let me show you an easier way to do that.
Tom told me he wasn't prepared to do that.
Do you really think Tom is unfriendly?
Let me know when you're ready to do that.
Tom told me he wasn't on the team anymore.
Do you really think Tom is unbeatable?
It's not as easy as you think to do that.
Tom thought I might have to do that today.
Do you really think Tom is suspicious?
It would be better if you didn't do that.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that.
Do you really think Tom is prejudiced?
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.
Tom suggested that we go skating tomorrow.
Do you really think Tom is overweight?
It looks like you're not very happy here.
Tom should've stayed in Boston all summer.
Do you really think Tom is interested?
It looks like you're hesitant to do that.
Tom seems to be very concerned about that.
Do you really think Tom is illiterate?
It looks like you're finished doing that.
Tom seemed to want that as badly as I did.
Do you really think Tom is frustrated?
Isn't it dangerous to eat wild mushrooms?
Tom seemed to know how to do that already.
Do you really think Tom is downstairs?
Is it all right not to do that right now?
Tom seemed to be trying to hide something.
Do you really think Tom is dependable?
If you'd asked me to do that, I would've.
Tom seemed to be interested in doing that.
Do you really think Tom is colorblind?
If you don't do that, I'll give you $300.
Tom seemed to be having trouble breathing.
Didn't you know that Tom wouldn't win?
If the weather is nice, I'll go swimming.
Tom says he won't eat lunch with us today.
Did you really expect Tom to eat this?
I've gotten used to doing that by myself.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that again.
Did Tom tell you where we should wait?
I've already waited for over three hours.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that again.
Did Tom really eat those wild berries?
I'm not the only one who failed the test.
Tom said he thought the room was too cold.
Are you telling me Tom didn't do that?
I'm not going to show you how to do that.
Tom said he planned to get home on Monday.
Are you still planning to talk to Tom?
I'm not expecting anything bad to happen.
Tom said he needed to do that pretty soon.
Are you still planning on helping Tom?
I'll probably be able to do that for you.
Tom said he knew he might not be able to win.
You should've gone canoeing with Tom.
I'll definitely be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom said he didn't know why that happened.
You seem convinced that Tom will win.
I'll be happy to show you how to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any classes today.
You know Tom can't do that very well.
I'd very much like you to do that for me.
Tom said he didn't go to school yesterday.
You don't think Tom will win, do you?
I'd think about doing that if I were you.
Tom really wants to go water skiing again.
Why exactly did Tom agree to do that?
I'd like to try doing that at least once.
Tom really wanted to go yesterday evening.
Why don't you ask Tom what he thinks?
I'd like to think about it a little more.
Tom probably went to his office yesterday.
Why does Tom want to be a pharmacist?
I'd like to know why you want to do that.
Tom probably didn't sleep well last night.
Why did you agree to let Tom do that?
I'd like to know why I shouldn't do that.
Tom never walks anywhere unless he has to.
Who told you that Tom didn't do that?
I'd have done that if I'd known I had to.
Tom must've been the first one to do that.
Who does Tom usually play chess with?
I'd have been here earlier if I could've.
Tom might go sailing again this afternoon.
Who does Tom usually go surfing with?
I'd get into trouble if I didn't do that.
Tom looked like he was through doing that.
Who does Tom usually go sailing with?
I'd do that again if I had the chance to.
Tom looked like he was tempted to do that.
What's Tom going to do with all this?
I'd advise waiting until at least Monday.
Tom knows you can't take care of yourself.
What's Tom getting all excited about?
I wouldn't wait any longer if I were you.
Tom knows we can't take care of ourselves.
What were you and Tom fighting about?
I wonder why it was necessary to do that.
Tom knows we can't speak French very well.
What was Tom's motive for doing that?
I wonder why I'm not supposed to do that.
Tom isn't worried about what might happen.
What did Tom think was trying to say?
I wonder who'll help us do that tomorrow?
Tom isn't willing to try doing that again.
What did Tom say he expected to find?
I wonder where that sound is coming from.
Tom isn't the only person who was injured.
What Tom said was very disrespectful.
I wonder if you really needed to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who had to do that.
We're lucky Tom hasn't done that yet.
I won't forgive you if you do that again.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't do that.
We expect Tom to sing for us tonight.
I wish I didn't have to do that this week.
Tom isn't the only one not wearing a suit.
We both know it was Tom who did that.
I wasn't very happy at being interrupted.
Tom isn't the only one allowed to do that.
Unfortunately, Tom agreed to do that.
I wasn't the shortest person in the room.
Tom isn't the one who taught me that song.
The third house on the left is Tom's.
I wasn't the only one who showed up late.
Tom isn't the one who organized the party.
The spaghetti Tom made was delicious.
I wasn't the one who ate all the cookies.
Tom isn't the one who gave me this ticket.
That's not why Tom agreed to do that.
I wasn't able to move the desk by myself.
Tom isn't the one who gave me this guitar.
That dog over there looks like Tom's.
I wasn't able to do anything I had to do.
Tom isn't the one who filed the complaint.
Perhaps Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I was supposed to go to Boston last week.
Tom isn't the first one here this morning.
Let's not allow Tom to do that again.
I was hoping I'd get paid for doing that.
Tom isn't supposed to be eating right now.
Last night, Tom cooked dinner for us.
I was asked by the boss to do that today.
Tom is wearing a straw hat and sunglasses.
It's not often that Tom leaves early.
I want you to do that before you go home.
Tom is wearing a gray suit with a red tie.
It's good that Tom agreed to do that.
I use my microwave oven almost every day.
Tom is too scared to walk home by himself.
It would surprise me if Tom did that.
I tried to do that as quietly as I could.
Tom is too busy to help you do that today.
It seems that Tom wants to go to bed.
I tried to do that as quickly as I could.
Tom is the only person who had to do that.
It looks like Tom will be the winner.
I thought I was doing that the right way.
Tom is the only person who didn't do that.
It looks like Tom wants to go to bed.
I think the children want to go with you.
Tom is the only other person who did that.
It looks like Tom isn't going to win.
I think that's the safest way to do that.
Tom is the one who told me not to do that.
It looks as if Tom is doing that now.
I think that could happen in Boston, too.
Tom is the one who told me how to do that.
Is Tom planning to eat lunch with us?
I think it's important for us to do that.
Tom is the one who inspired me to do that.
I've got to wait until Tom gets here.
I think I'm the only French speaker here.
Tom is the one who helped me buy this car.
I've already told Tom to leave early.
I suggest you do that as soon as you can.
Tom is the one responsible for doing that.
I've already told Tom not to do that.
I still make a lot of mistakes in French.
Tom is supposed to help me this afternoon.
I've already told Tom how to do that.
I read French better than I can speak it.
Tom is probably still hesitant to do that.
I've agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
I pretended I couldn't understand French.
Tom is likely to be through eating by now.
I'm the person who taught Tom French.
I never walk anywhere if I don't have to.
Tom is hoping he can take care of himself.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't do that either.
I need to buy a couple of clarinet reeds.
Tom is doing that the right way, isn't he?
I'm sure Tom will win this afternoon.
I might not be required to do that again.
Tom has promised not to come here anymore.
I'm sure Tom never agreed to do that.
I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom has probably swum in this lake before.
I'm sure Tom didn't want to be alone.
I live on a farm not too far from Boston.
Tom has never done that so quickly before.
I'm quite certain Tom didn't do that.
I learned how to do that just last month.
Tom has never done that by himself before.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can do that.
I knew you'd be able to guess the answer.
Tom has been asked not to do that anymore.
I'm not surprised that Tom is afraid.
I hope you can figure out how to do that.
Tom hardly ever wins when he plays tennis.
I'm not planning to help, but Tom is.
I hope that you can get home before 2:30.
Tom doesn't yet know who wants to do that.
I'm not able to contact Tom by phone.
I hope my snoring doesn't keep you awake.
Tom doesn't yet know who needs to do that.
I'm going to show Tom how to do that.
I hope I can figure out a way to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to do that again.
I'm going to go to Boston to see Tom.
I heard that you were busy all afternoon.
Tom doesn't seem to have a lot of friends.
I'm glad to hear that Tom didn't win.
I haven't yet done what I was told to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be used to doing that.
I'm glad Tom didn't agree to do that.
I haven't washed my hair for three weeks.
Tom doesn't like talking about his family.
I'm almost certain that Tom will win.
I haven't lived in Boston for many years.
Tom didn't seem to be very hungry, did he?
I'll try to keep Tom from doing that.
I haven't gotten my driver's license yet.
Tom didn't seem to be listening carefully.
I'll see if I can get Tom to do that.
I haven't done anything I shouldn't have.
Tom didn't seem to be in a very good mood.
I'll help Tom do what he needs to do.
I haven't cleaned my room in a long time.
Tom didn't seem to be in a bad mood to me.
I'll do that whether Tom does or not.
I haven't been doing very well in school.
Tom didn't seem to be hesitant to do that.
I'll do that again if Tom asks me to.
I have three French-English dictionaries.
Tom didn't seem to be having any problems.
I'd tell Tom the truth if I were you.
I had a lot of fun while I was in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to be having a lot of fun.
I'd tell Tom if there were a problem.
I don't want to fight about this anymore.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I did that.
I'd never forgive Tom if he did that.
I don't think we should agree to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised by the question.
I'd like to wait until Tom gets here.
I don't know who this bicycle belongs to.
Tom didn't seem amused by what's going on.
I'd have gone with Tom if I could've.
I didn't think you'd do that by yourself.
Tom didn't need to tell me how to do that.
I'd expected Tom to agree to do that.
I didn't think you'd be ready to do that.
Tom didn't need our permission to do that.
I'd do that again if Tom asked me to.
I didn't think you'd allow us to do that.
Tom didn't like bananas when he was a kid.
I wouldn't talk to Tom if I were you.
I didn't think you'd allow me to do that.
Tom didn't have the confidence to do that.
I wondered if Tom could speak French.
I didn't think you were ready to do that.
Tom could've left early if he'd wanted to.
I wonder why Tom isn't going with us.
I didn't think you really had to do that.
Tom can't have slept very much last night.
I wonder why Tom has been so unlucky.
I didn't stay until the end of the party.
Tom can definitely sing better than I can.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like Boston.
I didn't stay until the end of the movie.
Tom asked me if I thought I could do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't want to sing.
I didn't need to use the map you gave me.
Tom and I've decided not to sing together.
I wonder who Tom's French teacher is.
I didn't know you were interested in art.
Tom and I'll do that the same way you did.
I wonder whether Tom will really win.
I didn't know you were going to be early.
Tom and I went jogging together yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom was able to win.
I didn't know you were going to be alone.
Tom and I really thought we could do that.
I wonder whether Tom can really swim.
I didn't know you didn't need to do that.
Tom and I have decided to travel together.
I wonder what time Tom will get here.
I didn't know you didn't have to do that.
Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom is still unconvinced.
I didn't know you didn't have a passport.
Tom and I aren't the only ones doing that.
I wonder if Tom is still unconscious.
I didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Tom and I are going to the dance together.
I wonder if Tom is still unambitious.
I definitely don't want to do that today.
Tom almost never cried when he was a baby.
I wonder if Tom is still trustworthy.
I could barely speak French at that time.
Tom admitted that he'd been irresponsible.
I wonder if Tom is still competitive.
I can't remember the last time I saw you.
Tom wouldn't like it if I didn't do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't complain so much.
How much time did it take you to do that?
Tom wouldn't do something like that here.
I wish I'd showed Tom how to do that.
How many pairs of sunglasses do you have?
Tom would probably be willing to do that.
I went to a movie yesterday with Tom.
How many carrots did you put in the stew?
Tom won't likely sleep very well tonight.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was late.
How long does it usually take to do that?
Tom will likely leave before next Monday.
I wasn't married to Tom at that time.
How long did it take for you to get here?
Tom went to Boston by airplane last year.
I wasn't at home when Tom dropped by.
Have you ever figured out how to do that?
Tom wasn't waiting where he said he'd be.
I wasn't able to go to Tom's recital.
Does it matter whether we do that or not?
Tom wasn't very talkative this afternoon.
I warned Tom not to agree to do that.
Do you want to know why I didn't do that?
Tom wasn't very pleased with the results.
I want to know if Tom is at home now.
Do you ever use cinnamon in your cooking?
Tom wasn't the only one who was punished.
I told Tom to speak to you in French.
Do you always sneeze so much around cats?
Tom wasn't the only one who came to help.
I told Tom to get home before Monday.
Do you always eat lunch at the same time?
Tom wasn't the one who wanted to do that.
I told Tom that you can speak French.
Didn't you know I used to live in Boston?
Tom wasn't the one who took this picture.
I told Tom that he needed to do that.
Because it was raining, I didn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who took care of that.
I told Tom he should leave on Monday.
Are you still staying at this hotel, too?
Tom wasn't the one who planned the party.
I told Tom I could do that by myself.
Are you still smarter than your children?
Tom wasn't the one who helped us do that.
I thought you said Tom was a butcher.
Are you still planning on buying a house?
Tom wasn't the oldest person in the room.
I thought that Tom was likely to win.
Are you still going to the class reunion?
Tom wasn't the last to find out about it.
I thought that Tom agreed to do that.
You're still a veterinarian, aren't you?
Tom wasn't the first person to volunteer.
I thought Tom wasn't as old as I was.
You're still a fire fighter, aren't you?
Tom wasn't the first one finish the test.
I thought Tom might agree to do that.
You're better able to do that than I am.
Tom wasn't the chairman of the committee.
I thought Tom might actually do that.
You'd better do that sometime this week.
Tom wasn't the best student in our class.
I thought Tom didn't want to do that.
You never told me you were a pharmacist.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that yesterday.
I thought Tom didn't like me anymore.
You looked like you were self-conscious.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here yesterday.
I think that Tom won't come tomorrow.
You look like you're tempted to do that.
Tom wasn't able to resist the temptation.
I think Tom will allow us to do that.
You look a little young to be a soldier.
Tom wasn't able to get the motor started.
I think Tom ought to do that outside.
You look a little young to be a dentist.
Tom was very good-looking in high school.
I think Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
You have no idea how to do that, do you?
Tom was very difficult to get along with.
I think Tom didn't do that yesterday.
You didn't tell me that you were a poet.
Tom was the only one who knew about that.
I think Tom didn't do that on Monday.
You didn't do that on your own, did you?
Tom was the one who told me not to leave.
I think Tom didn't do that last week.
You didn't do that by yourself, did you?
Tom was the first one to get off the bus.
I think Tom can take care of himself.
You can borrow my poncho if you want to.
Tom was hoping you could do that for him.
I talked Tom into waiting until 2:30.
Would you lend me your pen for a minute?
Tom was able to do that on his third try.
I still can't believe Tom didn't win.
Why don't we all leave at the same time?
Tom wanted to win, but he wasn't able to.
I should've asked Tom to wait for us.
Who do you think will eat lunch with us?
Tom very seldom goes anywhere by himself.
I promised Tom that I'd wait for him.
Which one of you two will be doing that?
Tom very rarely goes anywhere by himself.
I lied when I said I didn't like Tom.
Where do you usually keep your umbrella?
Tom usually walks his dog in the morning.
I left the house before Tom got home.
Where do you keep your important papers?
Tom told us he didn't think he'd do that.
I know the reason why Tom was crying.
When was the last time you wore a dress?
Tom told us he didn't think he could win.
I know the reason why Tom didn't win.
When was the last time you used a ruler?
Tom told me where he was planning to eat.
I know that Tom is determined to win.
What made you think I wanted to do that?
Tom told me he'd never seen one of these.
I knew Tom wouldn't take his hat off.
What made you think I needed to do that?
Tom told me he waited for thirty minutes.
I knew Tom wouldn't suspect anything.
What kind of fuel does a helicopter use?
Tom told me he thought you could do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't leave without me.
We'll be traveling together next spring.
Tom told me he probably wouldn't do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't have a good time.
We shouldn't ever need to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't feel like laughing.
I knew Tom wouldn't guess the answer.
We often go out for a walk after dinner.
Tom thought he might not need to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
We need to decide what needs to be done.
Tom thought he might not have to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
We have to do something about that soon.
Tom thought I might have to do that soon.
I knew Tom wouldn't accept our offer.
This is a picture of the school library.
Tom thinks you can take care of yourself.
I knew Tom would have fun doing that.
There were only three adult in the room.
Tom stressed that he did that by himself.
I knew Tom couldn't wait much longer.
There are three umbrellas near the door.
Tom still hasn't shown me how to do that.
I intend to wait until Tom gets here.
There are some eggs in the refrigerator.
Tom shouldn't have bought what he bought.
I hope Tom didn't get the wrong idea.
There are some children in our backyard.
Tom shouldn't ever need to do that again.
I hope Tom didn't do anything stupid.
The barbershop I go to is near the bank.
Tom should've waited for us to get there.
I hope Tom can find a way to do that.
Tell me what you think needs to be done.
Tom should've gone to the bank yesterday.
I haven't visited Tom in a long time.
Since it's raining now, I won't do that.
Tom should consider not doing that again.
I expect Tom to take care of himself.
Please tell me who'll be there tomorrow.
Tom seems to be very hesitant to do that.
I drank more than Tom did last night.
Please put the ice cream in the freezer.
Tom seemed to really be enjoying himself.
I doubt that Tom is still unemployed.
Please let me help you put on your coat.
Tom seemed to like talking about himself.
I doubt that Tom is still unbeatable.
Please don't go out after drinking sake.
Tom seemed to have something on his mind.
I doubt that Tom is still downstairs.
Please don't do anything else right now.
Tom seemed to have had a change of heart.
I doubt that Tom is still doing that.
Please be sure not to forget to do that.
Tom seemed to have everything sorted out.
I doubt that Tom did that on purpose.
Please be careful not to break anything.
Tom seemed to be very tempted to do that.
I doubt if Tom will agree to do that.
Please ask to see if it's OK to do that.
Tom seemed to be searching for something.
I don't think Tom will come tomorrow.
None of my children were born in Boston.
Tom seemed to be glad that that happened.
I don't think Tom knows who did that.
None of my children have been to Boston.
Tom seemed to be feeling a little better.
I don't think Tom has to go in there.
Let's not go to that restaurant anymore.
Tom says he knows why you didn't do that.
I don't think Tom has much free time.
Let me show you the best way to do that.
Tom says he doesn't have time to eat now.
I don't think Tom has any money left.
It's unreasonable to attempt doing that.
Tom says he doesn't go to Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom has any experience.
It's reasonable that you should do that.
Tom says he didn't do that for the money.
I don't think Tom has any bad habits.
It's decided that I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he's sure he won't do that.
I don't think Tom has a lot of money.
It'll be more fun if we travel together.
Tom said he's done that only three times.
I don't think Tom expected me to win.
It would be safer to walk home together.
Tom said he'd do that, but he hasn't yet.
I don't think Tom can sing that song.
It seems that you don't want to do that.
Tom said he was hoping you would do that.
I don't doubt that Tom has done that.
It looks like you're through doing that.
Tom said he wanted to buy an alarm clock.
I didn't think you'd let Tom do that.
It looks like you're tempted to do that.
Tom said he wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
I didn't think Tom would remember me.
It doesn't matter to me if you do that.
Tom said he wanted to buy a fishing pole.
I didn't know that Tom would kiss me.
If you don't do that, it won't get done.
Tom said he thought the room was too hot.
I didn't know Tom would go to Boston.
If it's not too expensive, I'll do that.
Tom said he needed to eat healthier food.
I didn't know Tom was ready to leave.
I've finally figured out how to do that.
Tom said he knew I might need to do that.
I didn't know Tom did that yesterday.
I've decided not to do that from now on.
Tom said he knew I might have to do that.
I didn't hear Tom snoring last night.
I've already read this book three times.
Tom said he isn't very likely to do that.
I did everything that Tom told me to.
I've already decided not to leave early.
Tom said he didn't want to eat right now.
I can't believe Tom hasn't done that.
I'm still better at French than you are.
Tom said he didn't have time to help you.
I can't believe Tom finally did that.
I'm on a diet, so I can't eat ice cream.
Tom said he didn't have one of these yet.
I assumed Tom would agree to do that.
I'm not the only one who showed up late.
Tom said he didn't have his phone on him.
I asked Tom why he agreed to do that.
I'm not the only here who can't do that.
Tom said he couldn't remember what to do.
I asked Tom if he could speak French.
I'm not the one who ate all the cookies.
Tom said I shouldn't leave early anymore.
How often do you go sailing with Tom?
I'm not likely fall asleep very quickly.
Tom refused to show me where he found it.
How much should I pay Tom to do that?
I'm going to eat dinner at a restaurant.
Tom probably wouldn't be able to do that.
How do you think Tom was able to win?
I'll try to figure out a way to do that.
Tom probably won't agree with me on this.
Have you told Tom why you didn't win?
I'll probably still be in Boston on Monday.
Tom probably shouldn't leave early today.
Have you ever gone swimming with Tom?
I'll probably stay at home this weekend.
Tom probably doesn't read a lot of books.
Have you ever gone shopping with Tom?
I'll be back before the end of the week.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that.
Have you asked Tom why he didn't win?
I'll be at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
Tom probably didn't want to go yesterday.
Have you already told Tom to do that?
I'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Tom never puts fruit in the refrigerator.
Has Tom paid you for mowing his lawn?
I'd rather leave the day after tomorrow.
Tom needs to do that as soon as possible.
Has Tom ever really tried to do that?
I'd probably be able to do that for you.
Tom might not be able to do that anymore.
Even Tom ought to be able to do that.
I'd never do that the way you suggested.
Tom might be able to get home by himself.
Don't let Tom go swimming by himself.
I'd like to know why you didn't do that.
Tom looks like he's reluctant to do that.
Don't expect Tom to agree to do that.
I'd like to know what's going to happen.
Tom likely won't sleep very well tonight.
Do you want to know how Tom did that?
I'd have to be pretty stupid to do that.
Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
Do you think Tom will like this gift?
I'd have done that if you'd asked me to.
Tom knows that I don't often leave early.
Do you think Tom will be embarrassed?
I'd hate to have a roommate that snored.
Tom knows I can't speak French very well.
Do you think Tom is still unemployed?
I'd do my homework by myself if I could.
Tom knew he was supposed to go yesterday.
Do you think Tom is still unbeatable?
I'd be willing to help if you need help.
Tom knew he didn't have to do that again.
Do you think Tom is still suspicious?
I'd be glad to do that for you tomorrow.
Tom isn't very likely to do that anymore.
Do you think Tom is still optimistic?
I wouldn't take that risk if I were you.
Tom isn't the only survivor of the crash.
Do you think Tom is still interested?
I wouldn't go there today if I were you.
Tom isn't the only one who tried to help.
Do you think Tom is still downstairs?
I wonder where I should put these boxes.
Tom isn't the only one who can't do that.
Do you think Tom is still doing that?
I wonder if I'm not supposed to do that.
Tom isn't the only one here who can swim.
Do you think Tom is still dependable?
I won't be able to work for three weeks.
Tom isn't the only applicant for the job.
Do you really think Tom will be late?
I wish I'd done what you suggested I do.
Tom isn't the one who told us to do that.
Do you really think Tom was offended?
I went for a walk after I finished work.
Tom isn't the one who told me what to do.
Do you really think Tom was mistaken?
I wasn't the one who drank all the milk.
Tom isn't the one who told me to do that.
Do you really think Tom was careless?
I wasn't feeling particularly talkative.
Tom isn't the one who told me about that.
Do you really think Tom is unmarried?
I wasn't convinced that was a good idea.
Tom isn't the one who bought my old desk.
Do you really think Tom is organized?
I wasn't aware that there was a problem.
Tom isn't the captain of basketball team.
Do you really think Tom is motivated?
I wasn't as nervous as I thought I'd be.
Tom isn't sure he needs to do that again.
Do you really think Tom is miserable?
I wasn't allowed to talk at the meeting.
Tom is wearing nothing but his underwear.
Do you really think Tom is in Boston?
I wasn't able to do what I needed to do.
Tom is wearing a gray suit and a red tie.
Do you really think Tom is impressed?
I wasn't able to carry all of the books.
Tom is very unlikely to agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is impartial?
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do that.
Tom is too young to take care of himself.
Do you really think Tom is depressed?
I was hit by a car in Boston last month.
Tom is the only one who seemed to notice.
Do you really think Tom is dangerous?
I want to know who you haven't paid yet.
Tom is the only one who knew where I was.
Do you really think Tom is confident?
I used to laugh much more than I do now.
Tom is the only one who got here on time.
Do you really think Tom is conceited?
I thought you told me you would do that.
Tom is the only one who couldn't do that.
Do you know why Tom wouldn't do that?
I thought you told me you could do that.
Tom is the only one to survive the crash.
Didn't you know Tom was going to win?
I thought we'd managed to do that right.
Tom is the one who turned off the lights.
Did you happen to see Tom doing that?
I thought I told you to stop doing that.
Tom is the one who taught me how to swim.
Did Tom say why he agreed to do that?
I think you're doing that the wrong way.
Tom is the one who got us into this mess.
Could you give Tom a message, please?
I think you should swim a little longer.
Tom is the one who came up with the idea.
Both Tom and I left at the same time.
I think you need to rewrite this letter.
Tom is the one who ate all the ice cream.
Are you certain that Tom can do that?
I think you can do that without my help.
Tom is the one that painted this picture.
All three of Tom's brothers can swim.
I think this is the best way to do this.
Tom is supposed to be here all afternoon.
You should've gone to Tom's concert.
I think I've figured out how to do that.
Tom is still difficult to get along with.
You seem convinced that Tom can do that.
I think I need to show this to the boss.
Tom is probably still willing to do that.
You never told me Tom was a teacher.
I think I can still take care of myself.
Tom is likely to be waiting in the lobby.
You never told me Tom was a soldier.
I spend about three hours a day reading.
Tom is grateful for what you did for him.
You never told me Tom was a dentist.
I speak French much better than English.
Tom hasn't told me why he didn't do that.
You hope Tom doesn't win, don't you?
I shouldn't have ordered you to do that.
Tom hasn't gone to Boston in a long time.
You expected Tom to win, didn't you?
I shouldn't have advised you to do that.
Tom hasn't done that in a couple of days.
You don't think Tom can win, do you?
I said almost the same thing as you did.
Tom has been the manager since last year.
You don't expect Tom to win, do you?
I said I'm not going to do that anymore.
Tom has been doing that since about 2:30.
You do hope Tom will win, don't you?
I realize I don't have to do that again.
Tom has become pretty good at doing that.
Why would Tom ever agree to do that?
I put the newspaper on the coffee table.
Tom had to walk school when he was a kid.
Why was Tom the last one to do that?
I only did that because I was forced to.
Tom gets home every Monday at about 2:30.
Why is Tom up at this time of night?
I only did that because I had no choice.
Tom expected us to go with him yesterday.
Why is Tom so determined to do that?
I now know why I should've left earlier.
Tom doesn't smile as often as he used to.
Why is Tom interested in doing that?
I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom doesn't really want to eat right now.
Why don't you and Tom sing together?
I know you can't speak French very well.
Tom doesn't need to use crutches anymore.
Why does Tom want to stay in Boston?
I know where you learned how to do that.
Tom doesn't need to go to school anymore.
Why does Tom want to be a policeman?
I know that you don't often leave early.
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't do that.
Why does Tom want to be a chauffeur?
I know how to swim, but I don't like to.
Tom didn't seem to want to say something.
Why does Tom want to be a carpenter?
I know I'll be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom didn't seem to want to do that today.
Why do you think Tom didn't do that?
I knew you wouldn't say anything stupid.
Tom didn't seem to understand any French.
Why did you tell Tom not to do that?
I knew you wouldn't have fun doing that.
Tom didn't seem to be worried about that.
Why did you let Tom eat my sandwich?
I knew you wouldn't even try to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be very happy, did he?
Who told you Tom didn't want to win?
I knew you weren't going to be punished.
Tom didn't seem to be very angry, did he?
Who does Tom usually go skiing with?
I knew that I shouldn't have eaten that.
Tom didn't seem to be used to doing that.
What's Tom going to do this weekend?
I just wanted to see if I could do that.
Tom didn't seem to be through doing that.
What makes you think Tom didn't win?
I just couldn't bring myself to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be in much of a hurry.
What does Tom usually do on Mondays?
I hope we can figure out how to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be in any pain at all.
What did Tom think you should drink?
I hope I don't need to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't seem to be embarrassed at all.
What did Tom tell you you should do?
I hope I don't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't seem to be a bit disappointed.
What did Tom do after he ate dinner?
I heard about the accident on the radio.
Tom didn't seem to agree with you at all.
What did Tom do after eating dinner?
I haven't yet read the report you wrote.
Tom didn't seem as busy as he usually is.
We should ask Tom to do that for us.
I haven't won anything in my whole life.
Tom didn't really go swimming by himself.
We know that Tom is unlikely to win.
I haven't played the harmonica in years.
Tom didn't need to be at today's meeting.
We know Tom didn't agree to do that.
I haven't performed live in a long time.
Tom didn't need my permission to do that.
We know Tom can't do that very well.
I haven't had the chance to do that yet.
Tom didn't have the time to go yesterday.
We expected Tom to agree to do that.
I haven't done that in a very long time.
Tom didn't go swimming with us yesterday.
There's no way Tom hasn't done that.
I haven't complained about anything yet.
Tom didn't do that the way I told him to.
There's no chance that Tom will win.
I have three brothers and three sisters.
Tom didn't charge me anything to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will cry.
I don't think we should shut the window.
Tom could get fired if he didn't do that.
There are three books on Tom's desk.
I don't think we can get home by Monday.
Tom can stay here as long as he wants to.
That's the way Tom always does that.
I don't mind if you don't do that again.
Tom can likely do that in thirty minutes.
Some people think that Tom did that.
I don't have the nerve to do that again.
Tom believes he can take care of himself.
Shouldn't Tom be doing that outside?
I don't feel much like doing that again.
Tom apparently waited for you until 2:30.
Please tell Tom to get home by 2:30.
I didn't think you'd want to go with us.
Tom apparently stayed out all last night.
Please don't let Tom read this note.
I didn't think you'd be doing that here.
Tom apparently didn't do that by himself.
Perhaps Tom should agree to do that.
I didn't know you were ready to do that.
Tom and I've done that many times before.
Perhaps Tom didn't agree to do that.
I didn't know you were going to show up.
Tom and I won't leave until this weekend.
Let's find out what Tom wants to do.
I didn't know I'd have to do that again.
Tom and I don't very often sing together.
It's a pity that Tom didn't do that.
I didn't know I needed to do that again.
Tom wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
It would be easy for Tom to do that.
I didn't do that the way you told me to.
Tom wouldn't care if you didn't do that.
It took Tom three months to recover.
I did that with you last year, didn't I?
Tom would've waited if you'd called him.
It looks like Tom might be confused.
I cut the cloth with a pair of scissors.
Tom would probably be unable to do that.
It looks like Tom has been careless.
I could've done that by myself, I think.
Tom would probably be afraid to do that.
If Tom had more money, he'd do that.
I could never do that like you do could.
Tom would get angry if I didn't do that.
I'm sure that Tom agreed to do that.
I could do that if you gave me a chance.
Tom would be fired if he didn't do that.
I'm sure Tom would agree to do that.
I can't remember what you told me to do.
Tom won't likely sing that song tonight.
I'm sure Tom will do that carefully.
I can't remember exactly where you live.
Tom won't likely go canoeing by himself.
I'm sure Tom didn't want to do that.
I can't remember everything you told me.
Tom won't give me permission to do that.
I'm really glad that Tom didn't win.
I can't pay you anything for doing this.
Tom will want to sing with us, I'm sure.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is thirsty.
I can't just leave you here by yourself.
Tom will probably be fascinated by that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't win.
I bought a farm not too far from Boston.
Tom went to bed without eating anything.
I'm pretty sure Tom has passed away.
How would you suggest we should do that?
Tom went swimming three times last week.
I'm not the first person Tom robbed.
How much will it cost you fly to Boston?
Tom wasn't with his family last weekend.
I'm not surprised that Tom was late.
How much do you have in your pocket now?
Tom wasn't the only person who did that.
I'm not surprised that Tom did that.
How much curry powder do you use a year?
Tom wasn't the only person to volunteer.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't do that.
How many onions did you put in the stew?
Tom wasn't the only one who was injured.
I'm glad that Tom agreed to do that.
How did you find out you had to do that?
Tom wasn't the one who wrote this story.
I'm glad Tom told me how to do that.
Have you finished reading this magazine?
Tom wasn't the one who taught me French.
I'd talk Tom tomorrow if I were you.
Do you have an extra pen I could borrow?
Tom wasn't the one who built this house.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't win.
Do you have a cork screw I could borrow?
Tom wasn't the first person to get here.
I'd go to Tom's party if I were you.
Aren't you glad we didn't do that today?
Tom wasn't the first one to get injured.
I'd expected Tom to help us do that.
Are you still having trouble doing that?
Tom wasn't the first one to be arrested.
I'd do what Tom asked if I were you.
Are you still having financial problems?
Tom wasn't sure he had to do that again.
I'd better wait until Tom gets here.
Are you still feeling under the weather?
Tom wasn't a good dancer in high school.
I'd be surprised if Tom doesn't win.
Are you still being paid for doing that?
Tom was upset because I was eating meat.
I wonder why Tom was so embarrassed.
Are you really going to Boston tomorrow?
Tom was the only person who got injured.
I wonder why Tom looks so miserable.
All of my children want to go to Boston.
Tom was sure he needed to do that again.
I wonder why Tom is studying French.
About how much does a pair of skis cost?
Tom was sleeping by the time I got home.
I wonder why Tom is so disappointed.
"Have you done that yet?" "Yes, I have."
Tom was ready to leave when I got there.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to go.
You're supposed to do that by yourself.
Tom was asked to sing a couple of songs.
I wonder why Tom didn't wait for us.
You'll find it a lot of fun to do that.
Tom wants me to wait until he gets here.
I wonder why Tom didn't like Boston.
You'll eventually learn how to do that.
Tom understands both French and English.
I wonder why Tom decided to do that.
You'd better wait and see what happens.
Tom told us to eat as much as we wanted.
I wonder why Tom can't speak French.
You should be able to at least do that.
Tom told us that he did that by himself.
I wonder whether Tom really can win.
You ought to be doing that by yourself.
Tom told me that he was unfazed by that.
I wonder whether Tom can really win.
You never told me you were a carpenter.
Tom told me that he intended to do that.
I wonder where Tom found his wallet.
You look a little young to be a priest.
Tom told me he's never eaten horse meat.
I wonder when Tom agreed to do that.
You look a little young to be a lawyer.
Tom told me he'd do that, but he didn't.
I wonder what time Tom will do that.
You look a little young to be a doctor.
Tom told me he wouldn't help us do that.
I wonder what Tom was worried about.
Would you mind waiting a little longer?
Tom told me he thought he might do that.
I wonder what Tom is troubled about.
Who told you I could understand French?
Tom told me he couldn't help me do that.
I wonder what Tom is thinking about.
Who do you usually play badminton with?
Tom thought I might not want to do that.
I wonder if Tom will be able to win.
Which movie do you want to watch first?
Tom thought I might not need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still unfriendly.
Where will you eat dinner this evening?
Tom thought I might not have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still unemployed.
Where will you be three hours from now?
Tom thinks that we won't be able to win.
I wonder if Tom is still undefeated.
When on earth are you going to do that?
Tom suggested we take care of ourselves.
I wonder if Tom is still unbeatable.
When I was a student, I often did that.
Tom spent a lot of time swimming yesterday.
I wonder if Tom is still suspicious.
What movie do you intend to watch next?
Tom should be able take care of himself.
I wonder if Tom is still overweight.
What makes you think I need to do that?
Tom seemed to know just about everybody.
I wonder if Tom is still optimistic.
What makes you think I have to do that?
Tom seemed to have left town in a hurry.
I wonder if Tom is still interested.
What kind of beer do you want to drink?
Tom seemed to be having trouble walking.
I wonder if Tom is still downstairs.
What kind of beer do you usually drink?
Tom seemed to be having trouble talking.
I wonder if Tom is still doing that.
We won't be permitted to do that again.
Tom seemed to be depressed this morning.
I wonder if Tom is still dependable.
We won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom seemed to be a little uncomfortable.
I wonder if Tom did that on purpose.
We need to figure out a way to do that.
Tom seemed a bit depressed this morning.
I wonder how Tom would've done that.
We hope that you don't do that anymore.
Tom says you talked him into doing that.
I won't let Tom agree to do that.
We don't have many hotels in this town.
Tom says he finished writing the report.
I wish Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
We don't do that as much as we used to.
Tom said that he can't do that tomorrow.
I wish I had a car as nice as Tom's.
We do that together as often as we can.
Tom said it might take hours to do that.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom there.
We aren't very likely to sing together.
Tom said it could take hours to do that.
I wasn't really sure what Tom meant.
We aren't the only ones who'll do that.
Tom said he's glad you were able to win.
I wasn't exactly sure where Tom was.
Tomorrow I'll do that even if it rains.
Tom said he's always done that that way.
I wasn't aware that Tom was married.
This room seems to be better than mine.
Tom said he wasn't ready to give up yet.
I was the one who taught Tom French.
This is where I usually do my shopping.
Tom said he wasn't on the baseball team.
I was the one who did that, not Tom.
There's no way we can get home by 2:30.
Tom said he was tricked into doing that.
I told Tom to do that before Monday.
There are some French books over there.
Tom said he was glad he got there early.
I told Tom I wanted to teach French.
There are a few mistakes in your essay.
Tom said he wanted to buy a weathervane.
I told Tom I wanted to learn French.
The question is who's going to do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to win.
I told Tom I thought I couldn't win.
That was the best movie I've ever seen.
Tom said he thought he couldn't do that.
I thought you said Tom was a tailor.
That was really interesting, wasn't it?
Tom said he probably isn't going to win.
I thought you said Tom was a priest.
Please don't ask me to do that anymore.
Tom said he plans to get home on Monday.
I thought you said Tom was a barber.
Neither of us could've done that alone.
Tom said he figured he'd be able to win.
I thought you said Tom was a banker.
Maybe you didn't do that the right way.
Tom said he didn't have to work anymore.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't win.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early anymore.
Tom said he didn't have to decide today.
I thought that Tom wouldn't do that.
Make sure that you do that by yourself.
Tom said he didn't have much experience.
I thought that Tom was going to win.
It would be possible for me to do that.
Tom said he didn't have flood insurance.
I thought Tom wasn't good at French.
It took me only three hours to do that.
Tom said he didn't have a full-time job.
I thought Tom was unhappy in Boston.
It seems that we need to do that today.
Tom said I probably wasn't going to win.
I thought Tom had agreed to do that.
It seems that we have to do that today.
Tom quickly learned how to speak French.
I think that Tom did that yesterday.
It looked like you were home on Monday.
Tom promised he'd never do that anymore.
I think Tom went hunting by himself.
If we don't do that, it won't get done.
Tom probably waited until at least 2:30.
I think Tom wasn't really listening.
I've already told you I didn't do that.
Tom probably stayed out late last night.
I think Tom didn't agree to do that.
I've already read the book you lent me.
Tom probably hasn't seen this movie yet.
I think Tom can't understand French.
I'm the only one here who knows French.
Tom probably doesn't eat out very often.
I think Tom can do that if he tries.
I'm sure you can take care of yourself.
Tom probably doesn't do that very often.
I think I left my umbrella at Tom's.
I'm sure I can do that right this time.
Tom obviously didn't really want to win.
I talked Tom into doing that for me.
I'm supposed to give a speech tomorrow.
Tom never told me why he didn't do that.
I sure hope that Tom didn't do that.
I'm probably not ever going to do that.
Tom might be able to do that by himself.
I suppose Tom will agree to do that.
I'm not the only one who got here late.
Tom may be waiting in the lobby already.
I still don't know why Tom did that.
I'm not the one who drank all the milk.
Tom looks like he's hesitant to do that.
I should've done what Tom suggested.
I'm not interested in doing that again.
Tom let me sleep on his sofa last night.
I pressured Tom to agree to do that.
I'm married to a native French speaker.
Tom knows that I went surfing yesterday.
I persuaded Tom to agree to do that.
I'm going to buy one of those tomorrow.
Tom knew that I wasn't going to do that.
I may just wait until Tom gets here.
I'm glad I don't have to do that again.
Tom knew he wouldn't be allowed to stay.
I left the house before Tom woke up.
I'll stop doing that if you want me to.
Tom isn't very pleased with the results.
I know why Tom hasn't done that yet.
I'll probably wait until at least 2:30.
Tom isn't very angry and I'm not either.
I know why Tom didn't want to dance.
I'll open the box and see what's in it.
Tom isn't the only person who could win.
I know that Tom isn't likely to win.
I'll need to wait and see what happens.
Tom isn't the only one who was punished.
I know that Tom doesn't need to win.
I'll do my homework right after dinner.
Tom isn't the only one who wants to win.
I know Tom was the one who did that.
I'll be happy to answer your questions.
Tom isn't the only one who came to help.
I knew that Tom was studying French.
I'll be going back to Boston on Monday.
Tom isn't the one who's been helping us.
I knew Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I'll be disappointed if you don't come.
Tom isn't the one who wanted to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I'll arrive in Boston tomorrow evening.
Tom isn't the one who took this picture.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I'd try doing that again if I were you.
Tom isn't the one who took care of that.
I knew Tom would be able to do that.
I'd stop doing that if you asked me to.
Tom isn't the one who started the fight.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I'd stay there till 2:if I were you.
Tom isn't the one who planned the party.
I intend to study with Tom tomorrow.
I'd like to know why I need to do that.
Tom isn't the one who helped us do that.
I hope Tom waits until we get there.
I'd like to buy a house on Park Street.
Tom isn't the one who helped me do that.
I hope Tom doesn't agree to do that.
I'd like to ask you a couple questions.
Tom isn't the oldest person in the room.
I hope Tom can take care of himself.
I'd definitely like to do that someday.
Tom isn't the chairman of the committee.
I hope Tom can stay a little longer.
I'd be disappointed if I couldn't come.
Tom isn't the best student in our class.
I honestly don't think Tom can swim.
I wouldn't do that again if I were you.
Tom isn't likely to go canoeing anymore.
I heard that Tom is always punctual.
I won't give you permission to do that.
Tom is watching a basketball game on TV.
I hear that Tom is going to do that.
I wasn't very interested in doing that.
Tom is very unlikely to do that anymore.
I hear Tom can play golf quite well.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the team.
Tom is very afraid of what might happen.
I haven't met any of Tom's brothers.
I wasn't the only Canadian in the room.
Tom is the only person who was arrested.
I forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
I wasn't the one who started the fight.
Tom is the only person who got arrested.
I forgot to show Tom how to do that.
I wasn't the one who actually did that.
Tom is the only one who offered to help.
I doubt very much that Tom will cry.
I wasn't sure how to fill out the form.
Tom is the only one here who can't swim.
I doubt that Tom understands French.
I wasn't really paying close attention.
Tom is the one who turned on the lights.
I doubt that Tom is still unmarried.
I wasn't actually the one who did that.
Tom is the one who handled that problem.
I doubt that Tom is still in Boston.
I wasn't a good student in high school.
Tom is the guy over there who's smiling.
I doubt Tom will leave anytime soon.
I was very busy, so I couldn't do that.
Tom is sure he can take care of himself.
I don't think Tom would remember me.
I was very amused by what was going on.
Tom is supposed to meet us here at 2:30.
I don't think Tom would let you win.
I was the one who should've left early.
Tom is still stranded on a small island.
I don't think Tom knows you're here.
I was living in Boston three years ago.
Tom is probably still afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom knows where he is.
I want you to see if you could do that.
Tom is in the kitchen, making spaghetti.
I don't think Tom knows what I want.
I want to think about it a little more.
Tom is big enough to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom knows the details.
I want to know why I needed to do that.
Tom hasn't gone fishing in three months.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook.
I walked three kilometers this morning.
Tom has just figured out how to do that.
I don't think Tom has to work today.
I use a frying pan at least once a day.
Tom has been waiting for thirty minutes.
I don't think Tom can pay that much.
I try to eat fish at least once a week.
Tom has been asked not to do that again.
I don't think Tom agreed to do that.
I thought you'd tell me how to do that.
Tom has asked me not to do that anymore.
I don't know when Tom got to Boston.
I thought you'd show me how to do that.
Tom has already asked me to leave early.
I don't know what Tom did yesterday.
I thought you'd already bought tickets.
Tom got back home earlier than expected.
I don't know how Tom managed to win.
I think you'd better leave early today.
Tom doesn't do that by himself very often.
I don't intend to go to Tom's party.
I think you should do that by yourself.
Tom doesn't yet know who has to do that.
I don't care why Tom didn't do that.
I think you need to repaint your house.
Tom doesn't think you'll be able to win.
I didn't need to know what Tom had to do.
I think we shouldn't leave early today.
Tom doesn't seem to go swimming anymore.
I didn't see Tom leave this morning.
I think we should try doing that again.
Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do.
I didn't really think Tom would win.
I think we need to buy some rat poison.
Tom didn't seem very worried about that.
I didn't really think Tom could win.
I think we can wait until you get here.
Tom didn't seem to want to study French.
I didn't like the story Tom told us.
I think that I can take care of myself.
Tom didn't seem to like teaching French.
I didn't know what Tom needed to do.
I think I could've done that by myself.
Tom didn't seem to like studying French.
I didn't know that Tom was that old.
I think I can do that faster on my own.
Tom didn't seem to like speaking French.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't eat that.
I suggest you wait until at least 2:30.
Tom didn't seem to have any luck at all.
I didn't know Tom would get injured.
I spend almost every weekend in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to be working very hard.
I didn't know Tom would be so upset.
I promise I'll wait until you get here.
Tom didn't seem to be very disappointed.
I didn't know Tom would be so angry.
I plan to stay in Boston until October.
Tom didn't seem to be very busy, did he?
I didn't know Tom was going to come.
I plan to move to Boston in the spring.
Tom didn't seem to be telling the truth.
I didn't know Tom could run so fast.
I only speak French to my grandparents.
Tom didn't seem to be afraid to do that.
I did everything that Tom suggested.
I often see you jogging in the morning.
Tom didn't seem like a very nice person.
I couldn't find what Tom had hidden.
I need some money to buy some gasoline.
Tom didn't really have to do that today.
I certainly hope Tom didn't do that.
I might not sing with the band tonight.
Tom didn't go swimming yesterday either.
I can't figure out why Tom did that.
I lost all three pencils of my pencils.
Tom couldn't have done that without you.
I can see why Tom didn't want to go.
I lived in Boston before I got married.
Tom confessed to me that he'd done that.
I can prove that Tom didn't do that.
I left my umbrella near the front door.
Tom can't decide who he should vote for.
I believe Tom will agree to do that.
I knew you wouldn't want me to do that.
Tom can definitely take care of himself.
I asked if Tom had to do that today.
I knew you wouldn't do anything stupid.
Tom and I've decided to travel together.
I asked Tom to stay a little longer.
I knew I'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom and I were happy to do that for you.
I almost didn't go to Tom's concert.
I hope we don't get caught in the rain.
Tom and I want to know why you did that.
How often does Tom use his sailboat?
I hope I can figure out how to do that.
Tom and I traveled together last summer.
How did you know Tom had to do that?
I heard you weren't at today's meeting.
Tom and I sometimes go skating together.
Have you ever played poker with Tom?
I heard that you were going to do that.
Tom and I have to do something else now.
Have you ever played music with Tom?
I haven't used this pot in a long time.
Tom and I have decided to sing together.
Have you ever gone surfing with Tom?
I haven't taught French in a long time.
Tom and I don't travel together anymore.
Have you ever gone sailing with Tom?
I haven't eaten at home in a long time.
Tom and I aren't going to do that today.
Have you ever gone bowling with Tom?
I haven't been to Boston since October.
Tom and I are planning to sing together.
Has Tom already signed the contract?
I haven't been there since last Monday.
Tom and I are going to do that together.
Do you think Tom is still unmarried?
I haven't been in Boston since October.
Tom always goes to Boston for Christmas.
Do you think Tom is still undecided?
I haven't actually ever been to Boston.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really rich.
Do you think Tom is still skeptical?
I haven't accomplished anything so far.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really hurt.
Do you think Tom is still in Boston?
I happen to be very good at doing that.
Tom admitted that he hadn't been polite.
Do you think Tom is still depressed?
I got back from Boston just last night.
Tom admitted that he hadn't been honest.
Do you really think Tom was nervous?
I felt it was necessary, so I did that.
Tom's snoring last night kept me awake.
Do you really think Tom was excited?
I drink three cups of coffee every day.
Tom wouldn't sing the song I requested.
Do you really think Tom is unbiased?
I doubt we'll be able to do that today.
Tom wouldn't really eat that, would he?
Do you really think Tom is ticklish?
I don't want to get in trouble anymore.
Tom wouldn't really buy that, would he?
Do you really think Tom is talented?
I don't want to do that, but I have to.
Tom would never go swimming by himself.
Do you really think Tom is stubborn?
I don't want to do that again tomorrow.
Tom will unlikely be able to win today.
Do you really think Tom is romantic?
I don't think you should've left early.
Tom will probably never be able to win.
Do you really think Tom is reliable?
I don't think we can do that that soon.
Tom will probably get home next Monday.
Do you really think Tom is prepared?
I don't think we can do that by Monday.
Tom will likely be the next one to win.
Do you really think Tom is homesick?
I don't think I'd make a very good spy.
Tom went to Boston in order to do that.
Do you really think Tom is finished?
I don't think I should let you do that.
Tom wasn't willing to try anything new.
Do you really think Tom is divorced?
I don't often get to Boston in October.
Tom wasn't watching TV when I got home.
Do you really think Tom is creative?
I don't know exactly how to explain it.
Tom wasn't very popular in high school.
Do you really think Tom is confused?
I don't actually need to do that again.
Tom wasn't told never to do that again.
Do you really think Tom is artistic?
I dislike waiting for things to happen.
Tom wasn't tired after working all day.
Do you intend to go hiking with Tom?
I didn't think you'd have any problems.
Tom wasn't the only one who thanked me.
Didn't Tom tell you he wouldn't win?
I didn't think you'd give up like that.
Tom wasn't the only one who came early.
Did you really think Tom was unfair?
I didn't think you'd forget to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one wearing a suit.
Both Tom and I've agreed to do that.
I didn't think you'd be ready to leave.
Tom wasn't the only child at the party.
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't win?
I didn't think you knew how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave this to me.
Are you really going to let Tom win?
I didn't know you'd lost your umbrella.
Tom wasn't the oldest one in our class.
Are you certain Tom is going to win?
Tom wasn't the first person to do that.
"Is Tom a Canadian?" "I don't know."
I didn't know that would embarrass you.
Tom wasn't the first one to be injured.
You think Tom could win, don't you?
I didn't know I'd be busy this morning.
Tom wasn't sure he could do that again.
You ought to ask Tom what he'll do.
I didn't know I was violating any laws.
Tom wasn't supposed to win, but he did.
You never told me Tom was a tailor.
I didn't know Boston would be this hot.
Tom wasn't convinced that he could win.
You never told me Tom was a pastor.
I didn't go to Boston last week either.
Tom was told to do that more than once.
You never told me Tom was a lawyer.
I didn't do that the way you suggested.
Tom was tempted to eat all the cookies.
You never told me Tom was a barber.
I didn't do that the way I was told to.
Tom was hoping to sing with us tonight.
You didn't want Tom to go, did you?
I couldn't have done any better myself.
Tom was crying all yesterday afternoon.
You can't allow Tom to win anymore.
I can't remember where I first met you.
Tom was a university student last year.
Yesterday I went swimming with Tom.
I can't remember exactly what you said.
Tom used an old postcard as a bookmark.
Why shouldn't Tom agree to do that?
I can show you the best way to do that.
Tom told me that he was claustrophobic.
Why is Tom so desperate to do that?
I can show you a better way to do that.
Tom told me that he never uses shampoo.
Why don't you and Tom eat together?
I can make myself understood in French.
Tom told me that he had been suspended.
Why doesn't Tom want to swim today?
I bought a one-kilogram bag of raisins.
Tom told me he wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Why does Tom always eat by himself?
I actually slept quite well last night.
Tom told me he wasn't ready to go home.
Who told you Tom agreed to do that?
How much did it cost you fly to Boston?
Tom told me he wasn't going to help me.
Who does Tom think is going to win?
How many people are there in this room?
Tom told me he was tired of doing that.
Who did Tom think was going to win?
How many bottles of beer should we buy?
Tom told me he was prepared to do that.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom win.
How long did it take you to walk there?
Tom told me he was finished doing that.
What makes you think Tom won't win?
How long an extension cord do you need?
Tom told me he wanted to eat Thai food.
What makes you think Tom could win?
How did you know you needed to do that?
Tom told me he thought he wouldn't win.
What makes you think Tom can't win?
How did you know which button to press?
Tom told me he thought he couldn't win.
What did Tom think you should read?
How did you get from Boston to Chicago?
Tom told me he felt the same way I did.
What did Tom tell you he had to do?
Have you ever used a fire extinguisher?
Tom told me he didn't have time to eat.
What did Tom do with all his money?
Don't go out if the weather isn't good.
Tom told me he didn't feel like eating.
We might run into Tom at the party?
Do you have an umbrella I could borrow?
Tom told me he didn't care what we did.
We don't want Tom to do that again.
Do you have a nail clipper I could use?
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to win.
This is the book Tom bought for me.
Did you ever figure out how to do that?
Tom thinks he can take care of himself.
There's a chance that Tom will win.
Can you tell me why you didn't do that?
Tom swims better than you might expect.
There's a chance that Tom will cry.
Aren't you the one who ate my sandwich?
Tom suggested that I not do that again.
There are some books on Tom's desk.
Are you still sorry you didn't do that?
Tom showed me how to do that last year.
The man standing over there is Tom.
Are you still planning on buying a car?
Tom shouldn't walk home alone at night.
The company has sent Tom to Boston.
Are you still looking for a babysitter?
Tom should take better care of himself.
Please tell Tom to do that at 2:30.
Are you still interested in doing that?
Tom seems to have done that in a hurry.
Please make Tom eat his vegetables.
Are you still expecting me to help you?
Tom seems to have done that by himself.
Please don't let Tom eat any candy.
All of my children were born in Boston.
Tom seemed to be very happy to be here.
Please don't let Tom do that today.
All of my children have been to Boston.
Tom seemed to be very angry, didn't he?
Perhaps Tom won't agree to do that.
You're still a pharmacist, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be the one giving orders.
Maybe Tom can take care of himself.
You'll need a special tool to do that.
Tom seemed to be quite busy, didn't he?
Let's eat as soon as Tom gets home.
You won't need to do that by yourself.
Tom seemed to be in a really good mood.
It's likely that Tom won't do that.
You won't have to do that by yourself.
Tom seemed to be happy about something.
It's doubtful whether Tom will win.
You won't be allowed to do that alone.
Tom seemed to be distraught, didn't he?
It would be great if Tom could win.
You suggested that we travel together.
Tom seemed convinced that he could win.
It was Tom who asked me to do that.
You shouldn't need to do that anymore.
Tom says he knows the guy who did that.
It looked like Tom was embarrassed.
You shouldn't have to do that anymore.
Tom said he'd rather not eat right now.
If Tom had more time, he'd do that.
You should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said he'd rather not do that again.
I've promised Tom that I'd do that.
You never told me you were a mechanic.
Tom said he wasn't going to protect me.
I'm worried that Tom might be lost.
You looked like you were disappointed.
Tom said he wasn't going to let you go.
I'm sure that Tom hasn't done that.
You look a little young to be a rabbi.
Tom said he wasn't going to go with us.
I'm sure Tom won't do that anymore.
You look a little young to be a pilot.
Tom said he wasn't finished doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't win.
You look a little young to be a nurse.
Tom said he was glad that you did that.
I'm not surprised that Tom is late.
You don't need to do that by yourself.
Tom said he wanted to buy a skateboard.
I'm not surprised that Tom is here.
You don't have to do that immediately.
Tom said he knew I wasn't going to cry.
I'm not sure Tom is doing that now.
You don't have enough time to eat now.
Tom said he found the noise irritating.
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.
You didn't need to do that right away.
Tom said he doesn't go camping anymore.
I'm not convinced that Tom can win.
You didn't have to do that right away.
Tom said he didn't have to go anywhere.
I'm not as rich as Tom thinks I am.
You didn't do that yesterday, did you?
Tom said he didn't have much time left.
I'm glad Tom stayed out of trouble.
You didn't actually do that, did that?
Tom said he didn't have much more time.
I'm glad Tom has agreed to do that.
You could've done that if you'd tried.
Tom said he didn't have much free time.
I'm a French teacher and so is Tom.
Why didn't you go to school yesterday?
Tom said he didn't have any money left.
I'll let Tom sleep a little longer.
When was the last time you wore boots?
Tom said he didn't have any experience.
I'll do that the way you Tom me to.
When was the last time you wore a hat?
Tom said he didn't have any bad habits.
I'll do that the way Tom showed me.
When was the last time you used a fan?
Tom said he didn't have a lot of money.
I'll do anything Tom asks me to do.
What's preventing you from doing that?
Tom said he did that at home yesterday.
I'd prefer not to do that with Tom.
What do you usually do in the morning?
Tom promised to show me how to do that.
I'd like to thank Tom for his help.
What color did you paint your ceiling?
Tom probably didn't go there yesterday.
I'd like to see Tom try to do that.
We've been asked to not do that again.
Tom probably didn't do that on purpose.
I'd like to see Tom try doing that.
We're already planning to leave early.
Tom often doesn't eat lunch until 2:30.
I'd like to know how Tom does that.
We'll be doing that together tomorrow.
Tom must've waited until at least 2:30.
I'd expected Tom to be at my party.
We put the lemons in the refrigerator.
Tom might not walk to school on Monday.
I wonder why Tom shouldn't do that.
This isn't the easiest way to do this.
Tom might not be able to do that again.
I wonder why Tom is so sympathetic.
This is the best cake I've ever eaten.
Tom might be able to do that this time.
I wonder why Tom is so cooperative.
This is delicious spaghetti, isn't it?
Tom looks like he's tempted to do that.
I wonder why Tom agreed to do that.
There's an even easier way to do that.
Tom looked like he was unfazed by that.
I wonder where Tom put my umbrella.
There won't be enough time to do that.
Tom knew there was no way he could win.
I wonder if Tom refused to do that.
There aren't many trees near my house.
Tom isn't the only person who did that.
I wonder if Tom is still unmarried.
The doctor said I'll never walk again.
Tom isn't the only one who was unhappy.
I wonder if Tom is still undecided.
That's the way we've always done that.
Tom isn't the only one who was injured.
I wonder if Tom is still skeptical.
Tell me what you think we ought to do.
Tom isn't the one who wrote this story.
I wonder if Tom is still satisfied.
Tell me what you think should be done.
Tom isn't the one who taught me French.
I wonder if Tom is still obnoxious.
Tell me what you think has to be done.
Tom isn't the one who built this house.
I wonder if Tom is still in Boston.
Please wait a while I do that for you.
Tom isn't the one who broke the window.
I wonder if Tom is still forgetful.
Please tell me what you want me to do.
Tom isn't sure he should do that again.
I wonder if Tom is still depressed.
Please tell me what you need me to do.
Tom isn't sure he has to do that again.
I won't ask Tom to wait any longer.
Maybe you aren't doing that correctly.
Tom is willing to try doing that again.
I won't ask Tom to help me do that.
Maybe I won't have to do that anymore.
Tom is wearing a faded blue work shirt.
I wish I hadn't done that with Tom.
Let's put all this meat into the stew.
Tom is unlikely to still be doing that.
I went swimming with Tom yesterday.
It's hard to decide what we should do.
Tom is too old to go mountain climbing.
I wasn't told why Tom wasn't there.
It's been three years since I've done.
Tom is the only person who was injured.
I used to think Tom didn't like me.
It'll be more fun if we sing together.
Tom is the only person who got injured.
I tried to persuade Tom to do that.
It would be safer to do that together.
Tom is the only one not wearing a suit.
I told Tom not to agree to do that.
It was kind of you to help us do that.
Tom is the one who taught me that song.
I told Tom I'd stay out of trouble.
It took three hours for me to do that.
Tom is the one who organized the party.
I told Tom I wouldn't speak French.
It took me only three days to do that.
Tom is the one who gave me this ticket.
I told Tom I couldn't speak French.
It looks like you're going to be last.
Tom is the one who gave me this guitar.
I thought that Tom was unconscious.
Is it OK if I eat one of these apples?
Tom is the one who filed the complaint.
I thought Tom wasn't seeing anyone.
If you're going to do that, so will I.
Tom is the first one here this morning.
I thought Tom was a French teacher.
If you're going to do that, I will, too.
Tom is talking louder than he needs to.
I thought Tom didn't like baseball.
If you don't want to do that, it's OK.
Tom is supposed to be eating right now.
I think that Tom agreed to do that.
If we had more time, we could do that.
Tom is never going to agree to do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will win.
If the weather is good, let's do that.
Tom is hoping you can do that with him.
I think it's unlikely Tom will cry.
If I don't do that, it won't get done.
Tom hasn't gone camping in three years.
I think Tom would agree to do that.
I've not read any sort of French book.
Tom has been told he shouldn't do that.
I think Tom won't wait much longer.
I've been told not to do that anymore.
Tom has already waited for three hours.
I think Tom won't agree to do that.
I'm sure you'll find a way to do that.
Tom has already decided to leave early.
I think Tom should've left earlier.
I'm sure you won't be able to do that.
Tom gets home at 2:almost every day.
I think Tom should do that outside.
I'm sure you could do that if you try.
Tom gets home almost every day at 2:30.
I think Tom should do that himself.
I'm sure that I'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll be able to win.
I think Tom might agree to do that.
I'm sorry. I won't ever do that again.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to win.
I think Tom is probably suspicious.
I'm not very interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't often go hiking by himself.
I think Tom doesn't agree with you.
I'm not the only here who can do that.
Tom doesn't need to use a cane anymore.
I think Tom didn't know what to do.
I'm not the only Canadian on the team.
Tom doesn't have time to eat right now.
I think Tom agrees with me on this.
I'm not the only Canadian in the room.
Tom doesn't ever have to do that again.
I think I'll go to Boston with Tom.
I'm not the one who started the fight.
Tom didn't want me to agree to do that.
I suppose Tom will want to do that.
I'm not sure how to fill out the form.
Tom didn't think we'd agree to do that.
I plan to wait until Tom gets here.
I'm not actually the one who did that.
Tom didn't think he'd find another job.
I know why Tom didn't want to sing.
I'm hoping to go to Boston next month.
Tom didn't seem to want to study today.
I know Tom is the one who did that.
I'm glad you showed me how to do that.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy being with us.
I know Tom didn't want to be there.
I'm getting better at speaking French.
Tom didn't seem to care about anything.
I know Tom can't understand French.
I'll put the eggs in the refrigerator.
Tom didn't seem to be very embarrassed.
I knew why Tom was studying French.
I'll probably get back home on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to be trying very hard.
I knew Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I'd never seen you that scared before.
Tom didn't seem to be ready to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't sing that song.
I'd never seen you that afraid before.
Tom didn't seem to be paying attention.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I'd never have allowed you to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be happy to be here.
I knew Tom wouldn't like the party.
I'd never forgive you if you did that.
Tom didn't seem to be as busy as usual.
I knew Tom would have enough money.
I'd never ever do something like that.
Tom didn't quite understand what to do.
I knew Tom wasn't really an expert.
I'd like to know why I should do that.
Tom didn't need to go there by himself.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I'd like to do some shopping tomorrow.
Tom didn't need to cancel his vacation.
I knew Tom wasn't happy about this.
I'd definitely like to try to do that.
Tom didn't have enough time to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to make it.
I'd consider doing that if I were you.
Tom didn't do that entirely on his own.
I knew Tom wasn't going to like it.
I'd be impressed if you could do that.
Tom definitely didn't agree to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to hurt me.
I'd be happy to answer your questions.
Tom couldn't have done that on his own.
I knew Tom wasn't going to confess.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that.
Tom couldn't have done that any better.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
I wouldn't say anything if I were you.
Tom couldn't figure out how to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good cook.
I wonder where I can buy one of those.
Tom claimed he didn't agree to do that.
I hoped Tom would agree to do that.
I wonder if you really had to do that.
Tom can take care of himself, can't he?
I hope Tom hasn't changed his mind.
I wonder if I can take care of myself.
Tom apparently didn't agree to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I wish you'd tell me how you did that.
Tom and I'll do that when we have time.
I hope Tom didn't agree to do that.
I wish you'd explained how to do that.
Tom and I weren't the only ones crying.
I honestly don't think Tom can win.
I wish I didn't need to do that again.
Tom and I went to the library together.
I heard that Tom has been forgiven.
I wish I didn't have to do that again.
Tom and I didn't go together yesterday.
I heard that Tom has been arrested.
I went to bed without eating anything.
Tom and I didn't agree with each other.
I hear Tom will come at about 2:30.
I wasn't worried about getting caught.
Tom and I are going to travel together.
I hear Tom hasn't been helping you.
I wasn't the worst player on our team.
Tom and I are finally going to do that.
I hear Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I wasn't the only one who was unhappy.
Tom almost went to Boston last weekend.
I haven't yet asked Tom to do that.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the bus.
Tom almost never goes swimming anymore.
I haven't seen Tom since Halloween.
I wasn't the one who put out the fire.
Tom advised us not to agree to do that.
I hardly ever laugh at Tom's jokes.
I wasn't surprised when that happened.
Tom advised me not to agree to do that.
I had no idea Tom wouldn't do that.
I wasn't sure which way I should turn.
Tom admitted that he agreed to do that.
I had no idea Tom was going to win.
I wasn't as tired as I thought I'd be.
Tom actually didn't do that by himself.
I expected Tom to agree to do that.
I wasn't able to work for three weeks.
Tom's uncle sent him a Christmas card.
I expect Tom to get home on Monday.
I wasn't able to pass the examination.
Tom's horse is a lot faster than mine.
I doubt that Tom is still homesick.
I wasn't able to fix my car by myself.
Tom wouldn't allow me to eat anything.
I doubt that Tom is still homeless.
I wasn't able to find a place to park.
Tom would likely be afraid to do that.
I doubt that Tom is doing that now.
I wasn't able to find a parking place.
Tom won't likely be able to win today.
I don't think Tom would let me win.
I was hoping we could travel together.
Tom won't leave unless you ask him to.
I don't think Tom will do anything.
I was hoping I'd see you here tonight.
Tom won't go swimming tomorrow either.
I don't think Tom is very reliable.
I wanted to learn how to speak French.
Tom won't be the first one to do that.
I don't think Tom can teach French.
I usually speak French to my teachers.
Tom will very unlikely ever win again.
I don't know what Tom wanted to do.
I tried to do that as fast as I could.
Tom will probably still be doing that.
I don't know what Tom needed to do.
I translated the document into French.
Tom will probably not do that anymore.
I do think Tom did that on purpose.
I translated the contract into French.
Tom will probably be safe where he is.
I didn't know Tom would be nervous.
I thought you didn't know how to swim.
Tom will most likely agree to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be jealous.
I thought that maybe we could do that.
Tom will be very surprised if you win.
I didn't know Tom had won the race.
I thought I'd wait for a while longer.
Tom wasn't wearing a bulletproof vest.
I did what Tom told me I had to do.
I think you can take care of yourself.
Tom wasn't very frugal with his money.
I did that because Tom asked me to.
I think I'll wait to see what happens.
Tom wasn't told to do that by himself.
I can't believe Tom didn't do that.
I think I can do that in my free time.
Tom wasn't the only one who had a key.
I can't believe Tom did that again.
I thanked the boy who found my wallet.
Tom wasn't the only adult in the room.
I assumed Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I sure hope you'll be able to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that.
I asked Tom get home before Monday.
I spent the whole day studying French.
Tom wasn't the one who broke the vase.
I allowed Tom to leave early today.
I spent a lot of time studying French.
Tom wasn't the last to get here today.
How much money did you send to Tom?
I spend a lot of time studying French.
Tom wasn't the last person to do that.
How do you think Tom would do that?
I speak French and also speak English.
Tom wasn't the last one off the plane.
How did you get Tom to let you win?
I shouldn't have dared you to do that.
Tom wasn't the first person to arrive.
Have you ever played golf with Tom?
I promise you I won't do that anymore.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer.
Have you ever gone skiing with Tom?
I now know why I should've left early.
Tom wasn't sure he'd find another job.
Have you ever gone hiking with Tom?
I never should've tried leaving early.
Tom wasn't present at today's meeting.
Has Tom actually agreed to do that?
I need to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom wasn't forced to agree to do that.
Even Tom should be able to do that.
I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom was very unpopular in high school.
Do you think we should let Tom win?
I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom was troubled by what had happened.
Do you think that Tom will do that?
I might just wait a little bit longer.
Tom was told that he needs to do that.
Do you think Tom will actually win?
I make it a rule to do that every day.
Tom was the one who agreed to do that.
Do you think Tom is still homesick?
I know that I can take care of myself.
Tom was the one who actually did that.
Do you think Tom is still homeless?
I knew you wouldn't refuse to do that.
Tom was never given the chance to win.
Do you think Tom is still confused?
I knew you could do that if you tried.
Tom was gone all yesterday afternoon.
Do you really think Tom was unfair?
I knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom was crying just a few minutes ago.
Do you really think Tom was shaken?
I knew it wouldn't be easy to do that.
Tom warned me not to agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is worried?
I knew I was going to have to do that.
Tom vowed he'd never agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is wealthy?
I hope my snoring doesn't wake you up.
Tom very seldom goes anywhere anymore.
Do you really think Tom is unlucky?
I haven't yet ruled out leaving early.
Tom usually leaves work at about 2:30.
Do you really think Tom is through?
I haven't translated the document yet.
Tom usually goes swimming before 2:30.
Do you really think Tom is thirsty?
Tom used to stay with us every summer.
Do you really think Tom is sincere?
I haven't played badminton in a while.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer.
Do you really think Tom is serious?
I haven't had a chance to do that yet.
Tom tried to buy everything he needed.
Do you really think Tom is selfish?
I haven't done that since last Monday.
Tom told us he would agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is retired?
I haven't been home since last Monday.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to win.
Do you really think Tom is psychic?
I have no idea who might've done that.
Tom told me that he was uncomfortable.
Do you really think Tom is pleased?
I had a terrible experience in Boston.
Tom told me that he had been careless.
Do you really think Tom is outside?
I don't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom told me that I shouldn't eat that.
Do you really think Tom is jealous?
I don't think you're ready to do that.
Tom told me he'd try doing that again.
Do you really think Tom is healthy?
I don't think we can get home by 2:30.
Tom told me he would agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is curious?
I don't think I have to do that again.
Tom told me he won't agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is correct?
I don't recommend doing that that way.
Tom told me he was sick of doing that.
Do you really think Tom is annoyed?
I don't like doing that on rainy days.
Tom told me he might agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is adopted?
I don't know. Please ask someone else.
Tom told me he didn't like eating out.
Do you really believe Tom will win?
I don't have to get home until Monday.
Tom told me he didn't know what to do.
Do you really believe Tom will cry?
I didn't think you'd enjoy that movie.
Tom told me he didn't have to do that.
Do you know where Tom plays tennis?
I didn't think you'd enjoy doing that.
Tom told me he didn't have a passport.
Do you actually think Tom will win?
I didn't think you'd come to my party.
Tom told me I should agree to do that.
Do you actually think Tom will cry?
I didn't think you'd actually do that.
Tom thought that he might be able win.
Didn't you know that Tom would win?
I didn't really expect you to do that.
Tom thinks he should agree to do that.
Did you tell Tom that you did that?
I didn't know you'd already done that.
Tom swore he'd never agree to do that.
Did you really think Tom would win?
I didn't know it would take this long.
Tom swears he didn't agree to do that.
Did you really think Tom was wrong?
I didn't expect to see you here today.
Tom suggested that we travel together.
Did Tom say he'd eat lunch with us?
I did that while it was still raining.
Tom suggested that I agree to do that.
Did Tom really stay out of trouble?
I could've done that faster by myself.
Tom shouldn't need to do that anymore.
Ask Tom whether he's coming or not.
I could get fired if I didn't do that.
Tom shouldn't have to do that anymore.
Are you sure that Tom will do that?
I could get fined if I didn't do that.
Tom should really wait a little longer.
Are you sure Tom agreed to do that?
I can't tell you why I didn't do that.
Tom seems to do that almost every day.
Are you still planning to help Tom?
I can't tell jokes as well as you can.
Tom seemed to want something from you.
Are you still going to go with Tom?
I can speak French as well as English.
Tom seemed to really enjoy being here.
Are you still going to Tom's party?
I can do that if you give me a chance.
Tom seemed to know who that woman was.
You should've gone to Tom's party.
I bet you're wondering why I did that.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to help me.
You need to ask Tom what he'll do.
I always eat steak at this restaurant.
Tom seemed to be puzzled by something.
You know Tom won't win, don't you?
I agree that we shouldn't leave early.
Tom seemed to be motivated to do that.
You know Tom can't win, don't you?
How often do you eat breakfast in bed?
Tom seemed to be in a good mood today.
You hope Tom won't win, don't you?
How much time will it take to do that?
Tom seemed to be in a fairly bad mood.
You don't want Tom to win, do you?
How much time does it take to do that?
Tom seemed to be desperate to do that.
Yesterday I played chess with Tom.
How much money do you need to do that?
Tom seemed to be anxious to get going.
Yesterday I bought a book for Tom.
How much is that black leather jacket?
Tom seemed to be a little embarrassed.
Why wouldn't Tom agree to do that?
How many hours did you work yesterday?
Tom seemed somewhat unsure of himself.
Why does Tom want to be a dentist?
How many eggs are there in the fridge?
Tom seemed quite pleased with himself.
Why does Tom want to be a butcher?
How did you get permission to do that?
Tom seemed like an ordinary guy to me.
Why do you think Tom didn't smile?
Have any of you ever eaten horse meat?
Tom seemed a little busier than usual.
Why did you tell Tom not to smile?
Doing that doesn't look very much fun.
Tom says he'll never agree to do that.
Who does Tom usually do that with?
Do you think you can get home by 2:30?
Tom says he wouldn't agree to do that.
Who did Tom actually do that with?
Do you really want to eat out tonight?
Tom says he won't go there by himself.
What's Tom going to do about that?
Do you really believe you can do that?
Tom says he walks to school every day.
What's Tom doing with my computer?
Do you have a wheelbarrow I could use?
Tom says doesn't feel like eating now.
What makes you think Tom will win?
Both of my brothers haven't done that.
Tom says I talk about Boston too much.
What makes you think Tom will cry?
Are you still interested in astrology?
Tom says I shouldn't agree to do that.
What did Tom throw into the water?
Are you still having trouble sleeping?
Tom said that he knew he wouldn't win.
What did Tom think you were doing?
Are you all still enjoying yourselves?
Tom said he's glad he got there early.
What did Tom think you should eat?
All the men in our club are bachelors.
Tom said he's afraid to do that alone.
We seldom see Tom riding a bicycle.
"What's that building?" "It's a bank."
Tom said he was going to go yesterday.
We expect Tom to agree to do that.
"Can you speak French?" "No, I can't."
Tom said he was determined to do that.
There's no way Tom didn't do that.
"Can you do that today?" "I think so."
Tom said he thinks I'd be able to win.
That's the same way Tom does that.
You've done that before, haven't you?
Tom said he needed to be more careful.
That's not why Tom didn't do that.
You're the only one who wants to win.
Tom said he knew you wouldn't do that.
See, I told you Tom would do that.
You're still a professor, aren't you?
Tom said he knew you couldn't do that.
See, I told you Tom could do that.
You're still a policeman, aren't you?
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to win.
Perhaps Tom will agree to do that.
You're still a chauffeur, aren't you?
Tom said he enjoyed himself in Boston.
My best friend Tom does that, too.
You're still a carpenter, aren't you?
Tom said he doesn't think you can win.
Luckily, Tom wasn't taken hostage.
You're smart enough to go to college.
Tom said he didn't think he could win.
Let's go and listen to Tom's band.
You think that we can win, don't you?
Tom said he didn't really want to win.
Let's do that after Tom gets here.
You still win quite often, don't you?
Tom said he didn't have to work today.
Let me show you how Tom does that.
You should've refused to leave early.
Tom said he didn't go camping anymore.
It's good that Tom didn't do that.
You need to spend more time studying.
Tom said he didn't feel like laughing.
It's good that Tom agrees with us.
You may still do that if you want to.
Tom said he already agreed to do that.
It's doubtful whether Tom can win.
You may not be able to do that again.
Tom said I shouldn't agree to do that.
It would be nice if Tom could win.
You looked like you were unimpressed.
Tom said I have to get home by Monday.
It was careless of Tom to do that.
You looked like you were unconvinced.
Tom regrets that he agreed to do that.
It was Tom who told me to do that.
You looked like you were unconscious.
Tom refused to tell me where he lived.
It looks like Tom is going to win.
You looked like you were unconcerned.
Tom refused to tell me how to do that.
It looks like Tom is disorganized.
You looked like you were intoxicated.
Tom read his book report to the class.
It looks like Tom is disappointed.
You looked like you were heartbroken.
Tom promised to laugh at all my jokes.
It looks as if Tom is smiling now.
You looked like you were embarrassed.
Tom probably wouldn't want to do that.
It looked like Tom was astonished.
You looked like you were discouraged.
Tom probably won't buy such a big car.
If Tom comes today, I'll tell him.
You didn't do your homework, did you?
Tom probably doesn't go there anymore.
I've never gone anywhere with Tom.
You can still do that if you want to.
Tom prefers to go shopping by himself.
I've asked Tom not to wait for us.
You can do that, too, if you want to.
Tom often puts cinnamon in his coffee.
I'm sure Tom won't wait that long.
I always sleep with my window open.
Tom needs to do that before he leaves.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can swim.
Wouldn't you rather eat Chinese food?
Tom might've gone kayaking by himself.
I'm positive Tom will wait for us.
Would you like to do that over again?
Tom may not be waiting for us anymore.
I'm not surprised to see Tom here.
Who told you that you should do that?
Tom looks as if he's enjoying himself.
I'm not sure how Tom will do that.
Who told you I couldn't speak French?
Tom looked like he was self-conscious.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom is.
Who do you think would steal from me?
Tom knows you can't do that very well.
I'm not as old as Tom thinks I am.
Which book do you want to read first?
Tom knows I wouldn't agree to do that.
I'm afraid that Tom can't do that.
Where's the best place to catch fish?
Tom knew I was going agree to do that.
I'll swim whether Tom does or not.
Where did you get this tennis racket?
Tom isn't willing to try anything new.
I'll buy something for Tom to eat.
Where did you buy this tennis racket?
Tom isn't very likely to start crying.
I'd rather not go skiing with Tom.
What tools do you use the most often?
Tom isn't the only person in the room.
I'd have helped Tom if I could've.
What time tomorrow will you get here?
Tom isn't the only one who thanked me.
I'd ask Tom to wait if I were you.
What other songs do you want to sing?
Tom isn't the only one who didn't win.
I wondered why Tom had to do that.
What movie do you want to watch next?
Tom isn't the only one who didn't cry.
I wondered why Tom didn't do that.
What makes you think you can do that?
Tom isn't the only one who came early.
I wonder why Tom stayed in Boston.
What made you think I had to do that?
Tom isn't the only one wearing a suit.
I wonder why Tom isn't happy here.
What have you been doing up till now?
Tom isn't the one who gave this to me.
I wonder why Tom is so interested.
What did you do after you ate dinner?
Tom isn't the oldest one in our class.
I wonder why Tom is in a bad mood.
What day of the week is October 20th?
Tom is the only survivor of the crash.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like you.
What book were you reading yesterday?
Tom is the only person who didn't cry.
I wonder why Tom couldn't do that.
We've decided never to do that again.
Tom is the only one who tried to help.
I wonder where Tom learned French.
We've already decided to leave early.
Tom is the only one who can't do that.
I wonder if Tom really to do that.
We won't be allowed to do that again.
Tom is the only applicant for the job.
I wonder if Tom is still homesick.
We shouldn't need to do that anymore.
Tom is the one who told us to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still homeless.
We probably should go there together.
Tom is the one who told me to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still handsome.
We need to talk about how to do that.
Tom is the one who made that decision.
I wonder if Tom is still confused.
We don't do that together very often.
Tom is the one who designed our house.
I wonder if Tom agreed to do that.
We didn't do that until the next day.
Tom is the one who bought my old desk.
I wonder if Tom actually did that.
Turn left at the third traffic light.
Tom is the one most likely to do that.
I won't ask Tom to do that for me.
This kind of tree grows very rapidly.
Tom is sure he needs to do that again.
I wish Tom would agree to do that.
There aren't many girls in our group.
Tom is supposed to go to school today.
I want Tom to do that for me, too.
There are some pencils in the drawer.
Tom is supposed to get home on Monday.
I used to be Tom's French teacher.
The address on the envelope is wrong.
Tom is supposed to be here for a week.
I told Tom you'd agree to do that.
That's the way I've always done that.
Tom is still interested in doing that.
I told Tom we could do that today.
That doesn't seem to make much sense.
Tom is probably still waiting for you.
I told Tom to leave before Monday.
That doesn't make any sense, does it?
Tom is now traveling around Australia.
I told Tom to get home by himself.
Tell me what you think we need to do.
Tom is not likely to agree to do that.
I told Tom that he had to do that.
Promise me you won't do that anymore.
Tom is likely to still be intoxicated.
I told Tom I'd get home on Monday.
Please wash your hands before eating.
Tom is likely not to agree to do that.
I told Tom I thought he could win.
Please turn right at the next corner.
Tom is hoping you'll agree to do that.
I thought you said Tom didn't win.
Please tell me what needs to be done.
Tom is hoping you can do that for him.
I thought that Tom didn't like me.
Please put these books into that box.
Tom is expected to get home on Monday.
I thought Tom's speech was boring.
Please do that as quickly as you can.
Tom hasn't slept in the past hours.
I thought Tom wasn't going to win.
Please do something about that today.
Tom hasn't actually agreed to do that.
I thought Tom was unlikely to win.
None of my children can speak French.
Tom has probably already eaten by now.
I think that's why Tom didn't win.
Nobody really wants to do that again.
Tom has gone to Boston for the summer.
I think that this car isn't Tom's.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early today.
Tom has been told not to do that here.
I think Tom won't make me do that.
Maybe we can go there together again.
Tom has asked me not to do that again.
I think Tom will probably do that.
Let's play cards while we're waiting.
Tom hardly ever goes swimming anymore.
I think Tom will enjoy doing that.
Let's go for a walk in the afternoon.
Tom doesn't want you to do that again.
I think Tom might not wait for me.
Let me show you a better way do that.
Tom doesn't want to go rowing anymore.
I think Tom is still undependable.
It's thirty minutes from here by car.
Tom doesn't think I can swim, does he?
I think Tom is still disorganized.
It'll be more fun if we eat together.
Tom doesn't put syrup on his pancakes.
I think Tom is curious about that.
It won't be easy to do that that way.
Tom doesn't know why I didn't do that.
I think Tom has agreed to do that.
It wasn't me who told you to do that.
Tom doesn't know who wants to do that.
I think Tom can understand French.
It was kind of you to do that for us.
Tom doesn't know who needs to do that.
I think I'll go swimming with Tom.
It took me thirty minutes to do that.
Tom doesn't cry as much as he used to.
I think I know why Tom didn't win.
If there's time, I intend to do that.
Tom didn't want to do that on his own.
I taught French to Tom's children.
If I had more money, I could do that.
Tom didn't seem very upset about that.
I sure hope Tom agrees to do that.
If I don't do that now, I never will.
Tom didn't seem very happy to be here.
I suggest you go jogging with Tom.
I've just figured out how to do that.
Tom didn't seem to want anything else.
I still wonder why Tom didn't win.
I've gotten used to living by myself.
Tom didn't seem to know anybody there.
I sit next to Tom in French class.
I've decided to study French instead.
Tom didn't seem to be willing to help.
I saw Tom waiting at the bus stop.
I've been asked not to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested.
I really don't think Tom did that.
I'm very sorry that I didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to be very busy today.
I never thought Tom could do that.
I'm sure we'll find a way to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be a very nice guy.
I like it when Tom agrees with me.
I'm not worried about getting caught.
Tom didn't really want to eat, did he?
I let Tom stay out until midnight.
I'm not the only one who was unhappy.
Tom didn't need to tell me what to do.
I know why Tom is studying French.
I'm not the one who put out the fire.
Tom didn't need to do that right away.
I know why Tom didn't like Boston.
I'm not the best French speaker here.
Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I know that Tom won't wait for me.
I'm not sure which way I should turn.
Tom didn't need to be here until 2:30.
I know that Tom doesn't often win.
I'm not sure I'll be able to do that.
Tom didn't have to do that by himself.
I know that Tom agreed to do that.
I'm not supposed to be in Boston now.
Tom didn't get here at the usual time.
I know Tom would agree to do that.
I'm not going to yell at you anymore.
Tom definitely won't agree to do that.
I know Tom won't wait much longer.
I'm not going to do anything for you.
Tom couldn't keep himself from crying.
I know Tom won't leave without me.
I'm not convinced that's a good idea.
Tom claims he didn't agree to do that.
I know Tom won't agree to do that.
I'm not able to do what I have to do.
Tom can probably wait a little longer.
I knew you wouldn't sing with Tom.
I'm not able to answer that question.
Tom asked us why we agreed to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be so busy today.
I'm going to buy some books tomorrow.
Tom asked me when I agreed to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't go home early.
I'm definitely not going to be there.
Tom asked me if I thought I could win.
I knew Tom wouldn't be the winner.
I'll try to do that as soon as I can.
Tom asked if we had agreed to do that.
I knew Tom would have enough time.
I'll probably be in Boston next year.
Tom and I've decided to sing together.
I knew Tom would guess the answer.
I'll do that again if you want me to.
Tom and I'll probably travel together.
I knew Tom would enjoy doing that.
I'll buy something to eat on the way.
Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
I knew Tom would do what we asked.
I'll be impressed if you can do that.
Tom and I need to do that immediately.
I knew Tom would agree to do that.
I'll be flying to Boston next Monday.
Tom and I have never done that before.
I knew Tom wasn't married anymore.
I'd stay where you are if I were you.
Tom and I have both agreed to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't in love with me.
I'd rather take a shower than a bath.
Tom and I don't usually sing together.
I knew Tom wasn't good at driving.
I'd rather study French than English.
Tom almost died when he was in Boston.
I knew Tom wasn't good at cooking.
I'd like to take part in the contest.
Tom admitted that he'd been dishonest.
I knew Tom wasn't going to see me.
I'd do my homework now if I were you.
Tom's speech wasn't very interesting.
I knew Tom wasn't going to say no.
I'd definitely do that if I were you.
Tom wouldn't have done that that way.
I knew Tom wasn't going to resign.
I'd be happy if you'd let me do that.
Tom would get angry if he didn't win.
I knew Tom wasn't going to prison.
I would've done that a different way.
Tom wondered who ate all the cookies.
I knew Tom wasn't going to object.
I wonder why the train is late today.
Tom won't be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to listen.
I wonder why I'm supposed to do that.
Tom won't be excused from doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to change.
I wonder what's causing me to sneeze?
Tom won't be able to do that anymore.
I knew Tom wasn't going to Boston.
I wonder if you could do that for me.
Tom will stay in Boston until Monday.
I just didn't think Tom would win.
I wonder if we should really do that.
Tom will probably win again tomorrow.
I hope that Tom agrees to do that.
I won't put that in the refrigerator.
Tom will probably do that by himself.
I hope Tom will leave voluntarily.
I wish you'd shown me how to do that.
Tom will need to wait a while longer.
I hope Tom didn't want to do that.
I wish I'd known I needed to do that.
Tom will likely wait until we arrive.
I hope Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't worried about getting fired.
Tom will eventually agree to do that.
I hope Tom didn't lose his temper.
I wasn't the only person in the pool.
Tom will definitely agree to do that.
I hope Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't the only one who was hungry.
Tom will be with me all day tomorrow.
I hear Tom doesn't read very well.
I wasn't the only one who was absent.
Tom wasn't willing to take that risk.
I haven't yet told Tom about that.
I wasn't the first person here today.
Tom wasn't very healthy at that time.
I have no idea why Tom didn't win.
I wasn't sure which one I should buy.
Tom wasn't very concerned about that.
I expect Tom to leave early today.
I wasn't sure I'd be able to do that.
Tom wasn't told he shouldn't do that.
I doubt that Tom is still worried.
I wasn't really motivated to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I doubt that Tom is still nervous.
I wasn't able to do what I had to do.
Tom wasn't the only one not laughing.
I doubt that Tom is still married.
I wanted to go skin diving yesterday.
Tom wasn't the only one in the house.
I doubt Tom will agree to do that.
I wanted my children to learn French.
Tom wasn't the only guy in the class.
I don't think that Tom can do that.
I want you to see if you can do that.
Tom wasn't the one who got beaten up.
I don't think Tom will really win.
I want you to be back home by Monday.
Tom wasn't the one who cooked dinner.
I don't think Tom will likely win.
I want to know why I need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one chosen to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to win.
I want to know why I have to do that.
Tom wasn't the last student to leave.
I don't think Tom bought anything.
I usually don't speak French at work.
Tom wasn't the last person to arrive.
I don't think Tom agrees with you.
I used one of my old shirts as a rag.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here.
I don't often go surfing with Tom.
I tried to speak French to the clerk.
Tom wasn't the first one to be fired.
I don't know what Tom fed the dog.
I thought you might actually do that.
Tom wasn't telling the truth, was he?
I don't know if Tom is home today.
I thought you didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here today.
I don't expect Tom to wait for me.
I think that you did that quite well.
Tom was too drunk to help me do that.
I didn't think that Tom would win.
I think I'd better leave early today.
Tom was the one who did that for you.
I didn't think that Tom could win.
I suggest you do that very carefully.
Tom was the first one to get injured.
I didn't think Tom would eat that.
I spent my summer vacation traveling.
Tom was sure he had to do that again.
I didn't think Tom would buy that.
I spend most of my free time reading.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with him.
I didn't really expect Tom to win.
I should've gone to school yesterday.
Tom was hoping we'd agree to do that.
I didn't leave the party with Tom.
I see that you've painted your house.
Tom was hesitant to agree to do that.
I didn't know Tom would come back.
I pretended not to understand French.
Tom wanted to go canoeing by himself.
I didn't know Tom would be so mad.
I plan to be in Boston until October.
Tom urged me to wait a little longer.
I didn't know Tom would be sleepy.
I often speak French with my friends.
Tom told us he didn't think he'd win.
I didn't know Tom would be scared.
I might not need to do that tomorrow.
Tom told me why he agreed to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be lonely.
I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom told me that he was disorganized.
I didn't know Tom would be afraid.
I might be required to do that again.
Tom told me that he was discontented.
I didn't know Tom would be absent.
I might be permitted to do that soon.
Tom told me that he was conservative.
I didn't know Tom went to college.
I lived in Boston before I came here.
Tom told me that he was ambidextrous.
I didn't know Tom was so confused.
I learned to do that three years ago.
Tom told me how to do that last year.
I didn't know Tom was embarrassed.
I know you can take care of yourself.
Tom told me he'd never do that again.
I certainly hope Tom waits for me.
I know I don't need to do that again.
Tom told me he'd forgotten something.
I can't ask Tom to wait that long.
I know I don't have to do that again.
Tom told me he'd complain about that.
I asked Tom why he waited so long.
I knew you wouldn't have a good time.
Tom told me he thought you could win.
I asked Tom why he didn't do that.
I knew you wouldn't guess the answer.
Tom told me he probably wouldn't win.
I asked Tom to do that before Monday.
I knew you wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom told me he didn't like this book.
I already know why Tom didn't win.
I knew you wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom told me he didn't have insurance.
I almost didn't go to Tom's party.
I knew I should've done that for you.
Tom told me he didn't have an office.
How well does Tom play the guitar?
I hope you can take care of yourself.
Tom thought he might need to do that.
How do you think Tom will do that?
I hope to sell my house for $300,000.
Tom thought he might have to do that.
How do you think Tom got so dirty?
I heard you weren't very cooperative.
Tom swore he didn't agree to do that.
How do you know that Tom did that?
I haven't yet done what I need to do.
Tom still might not agree to do that.
How did you know Tom wouldn't win?
I haven't yet done what I have to do.
Tom started crying a few minutes ago.
Have you ever seen Tom win a race?
I haven't told you what I need to do.
Tom shouldn't have even tried to win.
Hasn't Tom started doing that yet?
I haven't taken a bath in three days.
Tom shouldn't have agreed to do that.
Has Tom already agreed to do that?
I haven't really been doing anything.
Tom should've refused to leave early.
Do you think Tom will let you win?
I haven't left the house all weekend.
Tom should probably do that tomorrow.
Do you think Tom is still worried?
I haven't been taking my medications.
Tom should be finished eating by now.
Do you think Tom is still unlucky?
I have to leave early in the morning.
Tom sent me some magazines in French.
Do you think Tom is still outside?
I hardly ever use my printer anymore.
Tom seemed very pleased with himself.
Do you think Tom is still nervous?
I hardly ever sleep without a pillow.
Tom seemed to understand what I said.
Do you think Tom is still married?
I had to go to the library yesterday.
Tom seemed to not like you very much.
Do you think Tom is still curious?
I had no idea who might've done that.
Tom seemed to have no sense of humor.
Do you think Tom has already left?
I don't think we can do that by 2:30.
Tom seemed to have forgotten my name.
Do you think I should let Tom win?
I don't think that'll happen anymore.
Tom seemed to have finished his work.
Do you really think Tom was drunk?
I don't think I should've left early.
Tom seemed to have done that already.
Do you really think Tom is stupid?
I don't think I should do that again.
Tom seemed to have already done that.
Do you really think Tom is strong?
I don't like going to concerts alone.
Tom seemed to have a lot on his mind.
Do you really think Tom is sleepy?
I don't know exactly what that means.
Tom seemed to be looking for someone.
Do you really think Tom is skinny?
I don't feel like laughing right now.
Tom seemed to be listening carefully.
Do you really think Tom is single?
I don't do that by myself very often.
Tom seemed to be hesitant to do that.
Do you really think Tom is scared?
I don't care if my clothes get dirty.
Tom seemed to be expecting something.
Do you really think Tom is lonely?
I didn't think you'd want to do that.
Tom seemed to be afraid of something.
Do you really think Tom is insane?
I didn't think you'd need to do that.
Tom seemed to be absorbed in thought.
Do you really think Tom is honest?
I didn't think you'd like my friends.
Tom seemed to be a little distracted.
Do you really think Tom is guilty?
I didn't think you'd like doing that.
Tom seemed reluctant to say anything.
Do you really think Tom is boring?
I didn't think you'd have to do that.
Tom seemed more surprised than angry.
Do you really think Tom is biased?
I didn't think you'd enjoy the party.
Tom seemed to be a really nice person.
Do you really think Tom is asleep?
I didn't think you'd eat what I made.
Tom seemed a little jumpy, didn't he?
Do you really think Tom is amused?
I didn't think you'd be that unlucky.
Tom says that he'll agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is afraid?
I didn't think you'd be here so soon.
Tom says he'd never agree to do that.
Do you know who Tom did that with?
I didn't think you wanted to do that.
Tom says he knows why you didn't win.
Did you ask Tom why he didn't win?
I didn't think you needed to do that.
Tom says he hopes that you don't win.
Did Tom know we wanted him to win?
I didn't know you were going to come.
Tom says he doesn't think he can win.
Did Tom actually agree to do that?
I didn't know you did that yesterday.
Tom says he always knew he could win.
Are you telling me Tom didn't win?
I didn't know that this would happen.
Tom said we could sing with his band.
Are you still willing to help Tom?
I didn't do that, because I was sick.
Tom said that he's sure he won't win.
Are you just going to let Tom win?
I did that in Boston three years ago.
Tom said he's glad that you did that.
Are you certain that Tom can swim?
I definitely won't do that this week.
Tom said he's glad he didn't do that.
You should ask Tom what he'll do.
I couldn't figure out how to do that.
Tom said he'll try to do that for me.
You never told me Tom was a chef.
I could never do that as well as you.
Tom said he'd never agree to do that.
You made Tom do that, didn't you?
I can't think of a good hiding place.
Tom said he wouldn't wait any longer.
You expect Tom to win, don't you?
I can't give you everything you want.
Tom said he was hoping you would win.
You can't allow Tom to win again.
I can't believe you'd really do that.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't win.
Would Tom go swimming by himself?
I bought an expensive bottle of wine.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't cry.
Why wasn't Tom able to eat lunch?
I ate as many as hot dogs as I could.
Tom said he knew he'd be able to win.
Why does Tom want to be a tailor?
I always go to the library on Monday.
Tom said he isn't very likely to win.
Why does Tom want to be a pastor?
How much would you pay me to do that?
Tom said he doesn't think he can win.
Why does Tom want to be a lawyer?
How much coffee do you usually drink?
Tom said he couldn't do that anymore.
Why does Tom want to be a doctor?
How many pieces of toast did you eat?
Tom said I should get you to do that.
Why does Tom want to be a barber?
How many people were at your concert?
Tom said I should ask you to do that.
Why does Tom never agree with us?
How many minutes ago did that happen?
Tom said I ought to laugh more often.
Why did you agree to let Tom win?
How many days did you stay in Boston?
Tom said I need to wait until Monday.
Who told you that Tom didn't win?
How many cases of beer should we buy?
Tom said I have to wait until Monday.
Who did Tom say was going to win?
How many blankets do you usually use?
Tom regrets having agreed to do that.
Who did Tom say ate his sandwich?
How do you get to the bank from here?
Tom put the milk in the refrigerator.
Where does Tom usually eat lunch?
How did you do that without our help?
Tom put on his new coat and went out.
When did you go bowling with Tom?
How did you feel when that happened?
Tom promised me that he'd be careful.
What's Tom going to do with that?
Hopefully, that won't happen anymore.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't cry.
What's Tom going to do on Monday?
Have you reported that to the police?
Tom probably went swimming yesterday.
What was Tom studying last night?
Have you finished writing the letter?
Tom probably went cycling by himself.
What makes you think Tom can win?
Give me a piece of paper to write on.
Tom probably didn't agree to do that.
What did Tom throw into the well?
Do you think I need to do that again?
Tom plans to go camping next weekend.
What did Tom throw into the fire?
Do you think I have to do that again?
Tom never would've agreed to do that.
What did Tom do with his old car?
Do you ever eat while you're driving?
Tom never used to win at tic-tac-toe.
We want to know why Tom did that.
Didn't you tell me you would do that?
Tom never should've tried doing that.
We saw Tom in the park yesterday.
Didn't you tell me you could do that?
Tom never actually agreed to do that.
We need to remind Tom to do that.
Didn't you know I could speak French?
Tom must've really wanted to do that.
We know Tom can't sing very well.
Did you really expect me to eat that?
Tom must've been in Boston last week.
We expect Tom to leave on Monday.
Could you help me clean up this mess?
Tom might travel with us next summer.
We all hope Tom gets better soon.
Could you please heat up this soup a bit?
Tom might not have agreed to do that.
We all hope Tom doesn't get lost.
Are you still trying to grow a beard?
Tom may not be able to do that again.
Warn Tom not to agree to do that.
Are you certain that you can do that?
Tom may have gone fishing by himself.
There's no way Tom will ever win.
You're supposed to do that yourself.
Tom looked like he was uncomfortable.
The only person studying was Tom.
You're supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom knows who can swim and who can't.
The only person sleeping was Tom.
You're still a waitress, aren't you?
Tom knows we can't do that very well.
That's the reason Tom didn't win.
You're still a salesman, aren't you?
Tom knows that I'm not going do that.
Thank you for doing that for Tom.
You're still a mechanic, aren't you?
Tom knew that I was going to do that.
Please tell Tom I didn't do that.
You're not going to do that, I hope.
Tom knew I wouldn't agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom will do that for you.
You'll learn how to do that in time.
Tom isn't willing to help us anymore.
Perhaps Tom hasn't done that yet.
You were hoping to win, weren't you?
Tom isn't wearing a bulletproof vest.
Maybe Tom won't agree to do that.
You told me you knew how to do that.
Tom isn't very frugal with his money.
Let's allow Tom to do that again.
You suggest you don't do that again.
Tom isn't the only one who has a key.
It's strange that Tom didn't win.
You shouldn't need to do that again.
Tom isn't the only one who had a key.
It's quite possible Tom will win.
You should've done that on your own.
Tom isn't the only one who does that.
It's quite possible Tom will cry.
You really shouldn't be smiling now.
Tom isn't the only adult in the room.
It was foolish of Tom to do that.
You never told me you were a tailor.
Tom isn't the one who suggested that.
It seems that Tom is in no hurry.
You never told me you were a priest.
Tom isn't the one who broke the vase.
It seems like Tom is sympathetic.
You never told me you were a barber.
Tom isn't satisfied with the results.
It looks like Tom was displeased.
You looked like you were suspicious.
Tom isn't likely to agree to do that.
It looks like Tom is unconvinced.
You looked like you were interested.
Tom isn't allowed to go out at night.
It looks like Tom is unconscious.
You looked like you were frustrated.
Tom is waiting to see what'll happen.
It looks like Tom is embarrassed.
You looked like you were frightened.
Tom is very sorry for what he's done.
It looks like Tom is discouraged.
You looked like you were fascinated.
Tom is very pleased with the results.
It looks as if Tom won't do that.
You looked like you were distracted.
Tom is unlikely to still be sleeping.
It looked like Tom was surprised.
You looked like you were displeased.
Tom is too tired to walk any further.
It looked like Tom was impressed.
You look like you're in great shape.
Tom is too tired to help you do that.
It looked like Tom was horrified.
You know we can't do that very well.
Tom is too drunk to help you do that.
It looked like Tom was disgusted.
You don't have you to do that again.
Tom is thinking of going to New York.
Is there any chance Tom will cry?
You already seem to know what to do.
Tom is there with one of his friends.
Is Tom going to help you do that?
Why does that matter so much to you?
Tom is the person who went yesterday.
I've asked Tom to come to Boston.
Why are you doing that the hard way?
Tom is the only one who was punished.
I've already told Tom to do that.
Who told you I was going to do that?
Tom is the only one who came to help.
I'm surprised Tom didn't do that.
Who do you usually go swimming with?
Tom is the one who's been helping us.
I'm sure that Tom didn't do that.
Who do you usually go shopping with?
Tom is the one who took this picture.
I'm sure Tom won't eat that much?
Who do you usually go drinking with?
Tom is the one who took care of that.
I'm sure Tom will be able to win.
Where do you want to pitch the tent?
Tom is the one who showed me the way.
I'm quite certain Tom didn't win.
Where did you go shopping yesterday?
Tom is the one who planned the party.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can win.
When was the last time you got lost?
Tom is the one who helped us do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom will do that.
When was last time you used a broom?
Tom is the one who agreed to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom cried.
When did that first start to happen?
Tom is the oldest person in the room.
I'm going to visit Tom in Boston.
What're you hiding behind your back?
Tom is the guy who said he'd do that.
I'm convinced that Tom is guilty.
What time tomorrow will you do that?
Tom is smart enough to go to college.
I'll make sure Tom waits for you.
What kind of fertilizer did you use?
Tom is likely to still be eating now.
I'll help Tom find what he needs.
What kind of car do you plan to buy?
Tom is likely to still be doing that.
I'd rather not go to Tom's party.
What did you watch on TV last night?
Tom is likely to be safe where he is.
I'd have done that if Tom hadn't.
What did you do after eating dinner?
Tom is hoping we'll do that with him.
I'd be impressed if Tom did that.
What color dress do you want to buy?
Tom is hoping we'll agree to do that.
I wonder why Tom was so careless.
What album do you want to listen to?
Tom is going to go skiing by himself.
I wonder why Tom was disobedient.
We've been doing this the wrong way.
Tom hasn't yet agreed to leave early.
I wonder why Tom is so impatient.
We won't leave until Monday evening.
Tom hasn't done that very many times.
I wonder why Tom is so exhausted.
We stayed in Boston for a few weeks.
Tom hasn't done that for a few years.
I wonder why Tom is so depressed.
We probably should do that together.
Tom has just now finished doing that.
I wonder when Tom bought his car.
We need to find the time to do that.
Tom has been our coach since October.
I wonder what Tom is looking for.
We need to do that better next time.
Tom has been elected class president.
I wonder if Tom isn't happy here.
We may not be able to sell this car.
Tom has been crying since about 2:30.
I wonder if Tom is still worried.
We know you can't do that very well.
Tom has apparently agreed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still wealthy.
We don't travel together very often.
I wonder if Tom is still unlucky.
We don't have time to eat right now.
Tom doesn't want us to do that again.
I wonder if Tom is still selfish.
We aren't planning to sing together.
Tom doesn't know much about plumbing.
I wonder if Tom is still outside.
Turn left at the first intersection.
Tom doesn't have the strength to win.
I wonder if Tom is still nervous.
Try not to be so careless next time.
Tom doesn't have a chance of winning.
I wonder if Tom is still married.
This is the best dictionary we sell.
Tom didn't seem very sure of himself.
I wonder if Tom is still healthy.
This coffee doesn't taste very good.
Tom didn't seem to want to go to bed.
I wonder if Tom is still grouchy.
This area is famous for its beaches.
Tom didn't seem to understand French.
I wonder if Tom is still curious.
That's not how you should be doing that.
Tom didn't seem to like your cooking.
I wonder if Tom is still baffled.
That seems to be a little expensive.
Tom didn't seem to be very surprised.
I wish Tom had agreed to do that.
That doesn't really make much sense.
Tom didn't seem to be very motivated.
I was asleep when Tom dropped by.
Tell me what you think we should do.
Tom didn't seem to be very impressed.
I was Tom's first French teacher.
Since it's raining, I can't do that.
Tom didn't seem to be very exhausted.
I wanted to see if Tom could win.
Please show me how I should do that.
Tom didn't seem to be very concerned.
I want to know how Tom does that.
Not many people know how to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be ready to leave.
I want Tom to do that by himself.
None of my friends can speak French.
Tom didn't seem to be in a good mood.
I waited for Tom for three hours.
Maybe you did do that the wrong way.
Tom didn't seem to be in a big hurry.
I tried to talk to Tom in French.
Maybe we can do that together again.
Tom didn't seem to be doing anything.
I told Tom you'd leave on Monday.
Maybe I won't have to do that again.
Tom didn't seem particularly worried.
I told Tom why we had to do that.
May I borrow this broom for a while?
Tom didn't seem like a very nice guy.
I told Tom to do that right away.
Make sure that you do that yourself.
Tom didn't say why he didn't do that.
I told Tom to do that in October.
Make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom didn't need to be here on Monday.
I told Tom to do that by himself.
Like it or not, you have to do that.
Tom didn't look particularly worried.
I told Tom I was going to Boston.
Let's wait until Monday to buy that.
Tom didn't look particularly pleased.
I told Tom I thought I could win.
Let's split one more bottle of wine.
Tom didn't have everything he wanted.
I thought you said Tom would win.
Let's go out for a couple of drinks.
Tom didn't have a say in that matter.
I thought you said Tom could win.
Let's drink one more bottle of wine.
Tom didn't get here until after 2:30.
I thought that Tom was in Boston.
It's probably impossible to do that.
Tom didn't do that very fast, did he?
I thought Tom was good at French.
It's important to do that every day.
Tom didn't actually agree to do that.
I thought Tom could probably win.
It took me quite a while to do that.
Tom did that the way you told him to.
I think Tom won't be able to win.
It smells like something is burning.
Tom did exactly what he said he'd do.
I think Tom will very likely win.
It looked like you were unconscious.
Tom denies that he agreed to do that.
I think Tom wants you to do that.
If I had more time, I could do that.
Tom denied that he agreed to do that.
I think Tom used to be a soldier.
I've never owned property in Boston.
Tom convinced me to agree to do that.
I think Tom should've left early.
I've lived in Boston for many years.
Tom asked me why I agreed to do that.
I think Tom really wanted to win.
Tom asked me if I'd agree to do that.
I think Tom might be sympathetic.
I've been asked not do that anymore.
Tom and I'll be going there together.
I think Tom might be able to win.
I've already decided to leave early.
Tom and I went kayaking by ourselves.
I think Tom may agree to do that.
I'm very glad that I didn't do that.
Tom and I never should've left early.
I think Tom isn't doing that now.
I'm the only one who didn't do that.
Tom and I didn't go diving yesterday.
I think Tom is still unimpressed.
I'm the only person here who can't do that.
Tom and I both ran three races today.
I think Tom is still unconvinced.
I'm sure I won't be able to do that.
Tom and I are going to sing together.
I think Tom is still unconscious.
I'm sorry that I did that without you.
Tom and I are going to do that again.
I think Tom has to do that again.
I'm sorry I made you do that for me.
Tom almost went fishing last weekend.
I think Tom didn't want our help.
I'm sorry I didn't help you do that.
Tom admitted that he'd been reckless.
I think I should let Tom do that.
I'm pretty sure I know who did that.
Tom admitted that he'd been mistaken.
I teach French to Tom's children.
I'm planning to hitchhike to Boston.
Tom admitted that he'd been impolite.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't win.
I'm not worried about getting fired.
Tom admitted that he'd been drinking.
I promised Tom I'd do that today.
I'm not the only one who was hungry.
Tom admitted that he'd been careless.
I know why Tom agreed to do that.
I'm not the only one who was absent.
Tom admitted that he wasn't prepared.
I know that Tom is likely to win.
I'm not sure which one I should buy.
Tom's parents seem like nice people.
I know Tom has to leave tomorrow.
I'm not sure if I have enough money.
Tom wouldn't tell me how to do that.
I know Tom has agreed to do that.
I'm not going to do anything to you.
Tom wouldn't have agreed to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't like it here.
I'm not going to beg you to do that.
Tom won't likely leave anytime soon.
I knew Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I'm not as busy as I thought I'd be.
Tom won't likely be done eating yet.
I knew Tom would want to do that.
I'm interested in French literature.
Tom won't have a lot of time to eat.
I knew Tom would need to do that.
I'm going to take a trip in October.
Tom won't ever be able to win again.
I knew Tom would like doing that.
I'm going to leave tomorrow evening.
Tom will win again, I'm pretty sure.
I knew Tom would have to do that.
I'm glad you told me how to do that.
Tom will probably leave next Monday.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to leave.
I'll start doing that from tomorrow.
Tom will never be able to win again.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to lose.
I'll probably not go anywhere today.
Tom will likely not even try to win.
I knew Tom wasn't good at sports.
I'll have to do that this afternoon.
Tom will have to sleep on the floor.
I knew Tom wasn't good at French.
I'll do that the way you told me to.
Tom will definitely never win again.
I knew Tom wasn't a good student.
I'd never seen you so scared before.
Tom will certainly agree to do that.
I knew Tom had agreed to do that.
I'd never seen you so afraid before.
Tom will be with me the entire time.
I knew Tom couldn't speak French.
I'd never done that until yesterday.
Tom will be upset if he doesn't win.
I hope Tom will agree to do that.
I'd like to speak to you in private.
Tom will be going to Boston with me.
I hope Tom stayed out of trouble.
I'd like to paint my room off white.
Tom went to Boston by bus last week.
I hope Tom didn't try to do that.
I'd like to be able to speak French.
Tom wasn't worried about his grades?
I hope Tom didn't get frightened.
I'd have waited a little bit longer.
Tom wasn't willing to give it a try.
I hope Tom didn't become jealous.
I'd go back home soon if I were you.
Tom wasn't wearing a leather jacket.
I heard that Tom has passed away.
I wouldn't have done that by myself.
Tom wasn't told he couldn't do that.
I hear that Tom wouldn't do that.
I would've shown you how to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who noticed.
I hear Tom will do that tomorrow.
I would've never done that that way.
Tom wasn't the only one who laughed.
I haven't told Tom who helped me.
I would've left early if I could've.
Tom wasn't the only one who go hurt.
I had no idea what Tom had to do.
I wonder if I should really do that.
Tom wasn't the only one not sitting.
I had no idea that Tom would win.
I wish you'd told me how to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one in the pool.
I expect Tom to agree to do that.
I wish you'd show me how to do that.
Tom wasn't the only man in the room.
I encouraged Tom to study French.
I wish I'd known you had to do that.
Tom wasn't the only boy in the room.
I doubt that Tom is still sleepy.
I went to the post office yesterday.
Tom wasn't the one who planned this.
I doubt that Tom is still single.
I wasn't worried about getting lost.
Tom wasn't the one that had the key.
I doubt that Tom is still scared.
I wasn't the only one who was there.
Tom wasn't the last person to leave.
I doubt that Tom is still hungry.
I wasn't sure which way I should go.
Tom wasn't the last one off the bus.
I doubt that Tom is still asleep.
I wasn't sure if I had enough money.
Tom wasn't the first one to go home.
I doubt that Tom is still afraid.
I wasn't satisfied with the results.
Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I doubt if what Tom said is true.
I wasn't injured in the train wreck.
Tom wasn't the first one on the bus.
I doubt if Tom would wait for us.
I wasn't afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't supposed to go yesterday.
I doubt Tom will wait until 2:30.
I wasn't able to sleep on the plane.
Tom wasn't going to be here tonight.
I doubt I can get Tom to do that.
I wasn't able to get my car started.
Tom wasn't able to do what we asked.
I don't think Tom wrote anything.
I was the one who did that, not you.
Tom was willing to help you do that.
I don't think Tom drank anything.
I was the one who actually did that.
Tom was very dirty when he got home.
I don't really think Tom can win.
I was just going to do that for you.
Tom was too busy to help me do that.
I don't really expect Tom to win.
I was hoping we could sing together.
Tom was told to never do that again.
I didn't think Tom would confess.
I was hoping I'd be able to do that.
Tom was told that he has to do that.
I didn't know what Tom should do.
I want to know why I had to do that.
Tom was told not to do that anymore.
I didn't know that Tom was tired.
I want to buy a couple of notebooks.
Tom was the only one who didn't cry.
I didn't know Tom would buy that.
I translated the letter into French.
Tom was hoping we'd do that for him.
I didn't know Tom would be tired.
I told you I wouldn't do that again.
Tom used to never eat green peppers.
I didn't know Tom would be ready.
I thought you were a French teacher.
Tom used his knife as a screwdriver.
I didn't know Tom would be first.
I thought this book was interesting.
Tom tried to go yesterday afternoon.
I didn't know Tom would be early.
I think you shouldn't do that again.
Tom told us not to agree to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be alone.
I think you should do that yourself.
Tom told us he thought he'd do that.
I didn't know Tom was suspicious.
I think I'd better do that tomorrow.
Tom told us he couldn't eat peanuts.
I didn't know Tom was so worried.
I suggest you do that before Monday.
Tom told me you weren't able to win.
I didn't know Tom was so selfish.
I still don't like Boston very much.
Tom told me that he'd been forgiven.
I didn't know Tom was so nervous.
I stayed in Boston for three months.
I haven't told Tom about that yet.
Tom told me that he'd already eaten.
I speak only French with my parents.
Tom told me that he was unimpressed.
I did that the way Tom suggested.
I speak French fairly well, I think.
Tom told me that he was unconvinced.
I certainly hope Tom doesn't win.
I sometimes take a walk in the park.
Tom told me that he was heartbroken.
I can't make Tom wait any longer.
I shouldn't have to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he was discouraged.
I bet Tom won't agree to do that.
I should've gotten home before 2:30.
Tom told me not to go there anymore.
I asked Tom why he was in Boston.
I should've done what you suggested.
Tom told me not to agree to do that.
How does Tom know he can do that?
I promise you I won't do that again.
Tom told me he'd win, but he didn't.
How did you know what Tom wanted?
I pretended I couldn't speak French.
The proper words in the proper places are the true definition of style.
Tom told me he was ready to do that.
He told me that his name was Tom.
I parked in the wrong parking space.
Tom told me he thought he might win.
Has Tom ever really tried to win?
I only speak French with my parents.
Tom told me he thought he could win.
Has Tom ever eaten at your house?
I might not walk to school tomorrow.
Tom thought I might want to do that.
Everybody expected Tom would win.
I might not sleep very well tonight.
Tom thought I might need to do that.
Doesn't Tom ever leave his house?
I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom thought I might have to do that.
Does Tom want to do that with us?
I might be able to help you do that.
Tom suggested that we sing together.
Does Tom know you can't eat nuts?
I like swimming better than jogging.
Tom shouldn't need to do that again.
Does Tom know why you didn't win?
I learned to drive three months ago.
Tom should be through eating by now.
Does Tom know we want him to win?
I know you could do that if you tried.
Tom should be the one who does that.
Do you want to know what Tom did?
I know where you left your umbrella.
Tom seldom goes canoeing by himself.
Do you think Tom will really win?
I knew you'd tell me how to do that.
Tom seems to have agreed to do that.
Do you think Tom will likely win?
I knew you'd show me how to do that.
Tom seems to be crying all the time.
Do you think Tom will let us win?
I knew you wouldn't need to do that.
Tom seems to be crying a lot lately.
Do you think Tom will let me win?
I knew you wouldn't like doing that.
Tom seemed to want to say something.
Do you think Tom will be careful?
I knew you wouldn't have to do that.
Tom seemed to want to do that today.
Do you think Tom was embarrassed?
I knew you wouldn't enjoy the party.
Tom seemed to know all that already.
Do you think Tom was able to win?
I knew I wasn't going to be busy today.
Tom seemed to have a lot of friends.
Do you think Tom is still sleepy?
I haven't tried doing that that way.
Tom seemed to enjoy teaching French.
Do you think Tom is still single?
I haven't played backgammon in ages.
Tom seemed to enjoy studying French.
Do you think Tom is still scared?
I haven't lived in Boston very long.
Tom seemed to enjoy speaking French.
Do you think Tom is still lonely?
I haven't done that since last year.
Tom seemed to be tired this evening.
Do you think Tom is still hungry?
I haven't done that in three months.
Tom seemed to be through doing that.
Do you think Tom is still groggy?
I haven't been home in three months.
Tom seemed to be happier than usual.
Do you think Tom is still asleep?
I haven't been getting enough sleep.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll win.
Do you think Tom is still afraid?
I haven't accomplished anything yet.
Tom says he doesn't think he snores.
Do you think Tom is going to win?
I forgot to tell you how to do that.
Tom says he didn't agree to do that.
Do you still go cycling with Tom?
I forgot to show you how to do that.
Tom said we shouldn't do that again.
Do you still go bowling with Tom?
I expected you to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he'd do that tomorrow.
Do you really think Tom will win?
I drink coffee almost every morning.
Tom said that he wasn't able to win.
Do you really think Tom will cry?
I don't want to do that, but I will.
Tom said that he knows he can't win.
Do you really think Tom was rude?
I don't use a dictionary very often.
Tom said he wasn't ready to go home.
Do you really think Tom was fair?
I don't think I can do that tonight.
Tom said he wasn't planning to stay.
Do you really think Tom is wrong?
I don't plan to do anything special.
Tom said he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Do you really think Tom is upset?
I don't know which one I should buy.
Tom said he wasn't afraid of anyone.
Do you really think Tom is tough?
I don't know if I can do that again.
Tom said he was finished doing that.
Do you really think Tom is tired?
I don't intend to obey those orders.
Tom said he wanted to buy some soap.
Do you really think Tom is right?
I don't intend to go anywhere today.
Tom said he wanted to buy a toolbox.
Do you really think Tom is ready?
I don't intend to do more than that.
Tom said he thought he couldn't win.
Do you really think Tom is funny?
I didn't think you'd really do that.
Tom said he never agreed to do that.
Do you really think Tom is drunk?
I didn't think you'd let me do that.
Tom said he needed to do that today.
Do you really think Tom is broke?
I didn't think you'd leave so early.
Tom said he got back home on Monday.
Do you really think Tom is brave?
I didn't think you'd catch any fish.
Tom said he felt no pressure to win.
Do you really think Tom is bored?
I didn't think you'd be embarrassed.
Tom really didn't do that very well.
Do you really think Tom is awake?
I didn't really think you'd do that.
Tom probably won't go there anymore.
Do you really think Tom is angry?
I didn't like either of these books.
Tom probably walked home by himself.
Do you really think Tom is alone?
I didn't know you'd be back so soon.
Tom probably doesn't win very often.
Do you really think Tom is alive?
I didn't know you wanted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't cry very often.
Do you really think Tom did that?
I didn't know you needed to do that.
Tom probably didn't mean to do that.
Do you really think Tom can swim?
I didn't know you could run so fast.
Tom ought to do that sometime today.
Do you ever go swimming with Tom?
I didn't know that you were waiting.
Tom never told me why he didn't win.
Do you ever go shopping with Tom?
I didn't know I needed one of those.
Tom needs to do that sometime today.
Do we really want Tom to do that?
I could've shown you how to do that.
Tom must've gone fishing by himself.
Did you try riding Tom's bicycle?
I come to Boston three times a year.
Tom must've done that at least once.
Did you really expect Tom to win?
I can't remember what you look like.
Tom might sleep on our sofa tonight.
Did you have Tom do that for you?
I can't help you with your homework.
Tom might need to wait a bit longer.
Did you ever go skating with Tom?
I can no longer take care of myself.
Tom might have to wait a bit longer.
Did Tom tell you why he did that?
I ate at that restaurant over there.
Tom looked like he was disappointed.
Can you prove Tom didn't do that?
I actually waited about three hours.
Tom looked at the picture carefully.
Can Tom eat with us this evening?
I actually didn't do that by myself.
Tom knows why you agreed to do that.
Are you sure that Tom didn't win?
How often do you use your chain saw?
Tom knows we can't wait much longer.
Are you sure Tom will let us win?
How many pairs of socks did you buy?
Tom knows there's no way he can win.
Are you sure Tom is going to win?
How many months ago did you do that?
Tom knows I didn't agree to do that.
Are you sure Tom can eat peanuts?
How many months ago did that happen?
Tom knows I can't do that very well.
About what time will Tom be back?
How many hamburger buns did you buy?
Tom knew that I wasn't going to win.
"Is Tom in Boston?" "Yes, he is."
How did you know you had to do that?
Tom just figured out how to do that.
You didn't let Tom win, did you?
Haven't you ever eaten Chinese food?
Tom isn't wearing his glasses today.
Would Tom ever agree to do that?
From now on, we'll do that your way.
Tom isn't very concerned about that.
Why is Tom reluctant to do that?
Doing that definitely wouldn't hurt.
Tom isn't the only one who was late.
Why in the world didn't Tom win?
Do you want to listen to some music?
Tom isn't the only one who got hurt.
Why doesn't Tom want to eat now?
Do you think I need to do that, too?
Tom isn't the only one who did that.
Why do you think Tom didn't win?
Do you think I have to do that, too?
Tom isn't the only one not laughing.
Why didn't you just let Tom win?
Do you think Boston is a noisy city?
Tom isn't the only one in the house.
Why didn't you do that with Tom?
Do you plan to eat out this evening?
Tom isn't the only guy in the class.
Why did you let Tom eat so much?
Do you have a funnel I could borrow?
Tom isn't the one who wanted to win.
Who's Tom going to do that with?
Do I really need to do that for you?
Tom isn't the one who got beaten up.
Who told you Tom didn't do that?
Did you really expect me to do that?
Tom isn't the one who cooked dinner.
Where should I tell Tom to wait?
Could you tell me how that happened?
Tom isn't sure he can do that again.
When does Tom usually eat lunch?
Boston wasn't cold when I was there.
Tom isn't supposed to be here today.
What's Tom doing tomorrow night?
Are you the one who ate my sandwich?
Tom isn't supposed to be eating now.
What did Tom think would happen?
Are you still going to sing with us?
Tom isn't likely to do that anymore.
We'll help Tom do that tomorrow.
Are you still free tomorrow morning?
Tom isn't going to agree to do that.
We didn't go to Boston with Tom.
Are you still free tomorrow evening?
Tom is wearing black leather gloves.
We all know that Tom didn't win.
Are you still free in the afternoon?
Tom is wearing an old pair of shoes.
Please wait until Tom gets here.
Are you still a high school student?
Tom is wearing a plaid jacket today.
Please encourage Tom to do that.
Are we really going to eat all that?
Tom is very happy that his team won.
Perhaps Tom is eating right now.
All of my children can speak French.
Tom is unsatisfied with the results.
Maybe you shouldn't go with Tom.
Your suitcase is heavier than mine.
Tom is unlikely to agree to do that.
Maybe Tom will agree to do that.
You're still a teacher, aren't you?
Tom is too busy to help you do that.
Let's not let Tom do that again.
You're still a dentist, aren't you?
Tom is too afraid to enter the cave.
Let's hope Tom does that for us.
You're still a butcher, aren't you?
Tom is throwing rocks into the pond.
It's doubtful that Tom will win.
You're not a veterinarian, are you?
Tom is the only one who was unhappy.
It's Tom that I want to talk to.
You still win sometimes, don't you?
Tom is the only one who was injured.
It would surprise me if Tom won.
You still sometimes win, don't you?
Tom is the one who wrote this story.
It would be easy for Tom to win.
You should've done that in October.
Tom is the one who should be crying.
It seems Tom can't speak French.
You really shouldn't be eating now.
Tom is the one who did that for you.
It looks like Tom is unemployed.
You never told me you were a rabbi.
Tom is the one who built this house.
It looks like Tom is suspicious.
You never told me you were a pilot.
Tom is the one who broke the window.
It looks like Tom is interested.
You looked like you were uncertain.
Tom is sure he has to do that again.
It looks like Tom is distracted.
You looked like you were terrified.
Tom is supposed to call around 2:30.
It looks like Tom is by himself.
You looked like you were surprised.
Tom is likely to still be miserable.
It looks like Tom has done that.
You looked like you were skeptical.
Tom is likely to still be at school.
Is Tom really going to eat that?
You looked like you were satisfied.
Tom is hoping we'll do that for him.
If anyone can do that, it's Tom.
You looked like you were plastered.
Tom is having a good time in Boston.
I've found Tom a French teacher.
You looked like you were miserable.
Tom is expected to agree to do that.
I've agreed to teach Tom French.
You looked like you were irritated.
Tom is a wonderful person, isn't he?
I'm quite certain Tom can't win.
You looked like you were impressed.
Tom is a skillful teacher, isn't he?
I'm not sure why Tom didn't win.
You looked like you were impatient.
Tom intends to leave this afternoon.
I'm glad to hear Tom didn't win.
You looked like you were exhausted.
Tom insisted that he didn't do that.
I'm glad Tom didn't get injured.
You looked like you were disgusted.
Tom hopes that he'll be able to win.
I'll help Tom if he wants me to.
You looked like you were desperate.
Tom hasn't done that for many years.
I'll help Tom get what he wants.
You looked like you were depressed.
Tom hasn't done that a lot of times.
I'll help Tom get what he needs.
You looked like you were contented.
Tom has to get up at 6:every day.
I'll give Tom the details later.
You looked like you were confident.
Tom has probably gone fishing again.
I'll get Tom to do that for you.
You looked like you were concerned.
Tom has never done that here before.
I'll ask Tom to help me do that.
You don't think I did that, do you?
Tom has decided to agree to do that.
I'd never go to Boston with Tom.
You didn't go by yourself, did you?
Tom has been crying for a long time.
I'd help Tom if he wanted me to.
You could've done that on your own.
Tom has been asked to do that again.
I'd expected Tom to wait for us.
You could've done that by yourself.
Tom had to get up at 6:every day.
I'd expected Tom not to do that.
Would you like me to do that again?
Tom generally gets home around 2:30.
I'd do anything to get Tom back.
Why have you been sneezing all day?
Tom doesn't stay anywhere very long.
I wonder why Tom went to Boston.
Why do you want to do that so much?
Tom doesn't know why you didn't win.
I wonder why Tom wants that job.
Why do you always do that that way?
Tom doesn't know who's going to win.
I wonder why Tom studied French.
Why do I have to do that right now?
Tom doesn't know who has to do that.
I wonder why Tom should do that.
Why didn't you do that by yourself?
Tom doesn't have the stamina to win.
I wonder why Tom is still awake.
Who do you usually go surfing with?
Tom doesn't go to Boston very often.
I wonder why Tom is so confused.
Who do you usually go sailing with?
Tom doesn't always do that that way.
I wonder why Tom came to Boston.
Who do you usually go bowling with?
Tom didn't want to do that that way.
I wonder why Tom came down here.
Who could've eaten all the bananas?
Tom didn't seem very friendly to me.
I wonder which bicycle is Tom's.
Which do you prefer, coffee or tea?
Tom didn't seem too happy to see us.
I wonder what Tom is looking at.
Where's the best place to buy meat?
Tom didn't seem to know who we were.
I wonder if Tom will really win.
Where are you going to eat tonight?
Tom didn't seem to enjoy being here.
I wonder if Tom was able to win.
When did things get so complicated?
Tom didn't seem to be happy, did he?
I wonder if Tom is still stingy.
What time are you leaving tomorrow?
Tom didn't seem to be concentrating.
I wonder if Tom is still sleepy.
What time are you going to do that?
Tom didn't seem surprised to see us.
I wonder if Tom is still skinny.
What song do you want to listen to?
Tom didn't seem irresponsible to me.
I wonder if Tom is still scared.
What prevented you from doing that?
Tom didn't seem hesitant to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still lonely.
What makes you think I can do that?
Tom didn't seem frightened at first.
I wonder if Tom is still groggy.
What kind of fertilizer do you use?
Tom didn't need to go to work today.
I wonder if Tom is still greedy.
What did that man say his name was?
Tom didn't need to go to the doctor.
I wonder if Tom is still chubby.
What are you going to do next week?
Tom didn't need any help doing that.
I wonder if Tom is still asleep.
We're not likely to use this again.
Tom didn't have to explain anything.
I wonder if Tom is still afraid.
We're going to do that next spring.
Tom doesn't have to do that tomorrow.
I wonder if Tom has passed away.
We'll do that your way from now on.
Tom didn't have much of an appetite.
I wonder if Tom can really swim.
We'd be crazy if we didn't do that.
Tom didn't have much money with him.
I wonder how Tom managed to win.
We went to three museums yesterday.
Tom didn't have anything in his bag.
I won't show Tom how to do that.
We went to both Boston and Chicago.
Tom didn't have anybody to help him.
I wish Tom would do that for us.
We shouldn't need to do that again.
Tom didn't go snorkeling by himself.
I wasn't there when Tom arrived.
We should travel together sometime.
Tom couldn't go to Boston last week.
I wasn't married to Tom in 2013.
We really thought we could do that.
Tom could be finished eating by now.
I wasn't here when Tom got here.
We probably won't do that together.
Tom can't run as fast as he used to.
I want to ask Tom what he'll do.
We probably should travel together.
Tom asked me why I wouldn't do that.
I want Tom to go back to Boston.
We know we can't do that very well.
Tom asked me if I'd bought any eggs.
I urged Tom to return to Boston.
We don't have you to do that again.
Tom asked if I was going to do that.
I tried to persuade Tom to wait.
We don't have time to take a break.
Tom and I've never done this before.
I told you Tom couldn't do that.
We definitely need to take a break.
Tom and I've both agreed to do that.
I told Tom to stay where he was.
We could've done that by ourselves.
Tom and I'll probably sing together.
I told Tom to leave early today.
We both can sleep in the same tent.
Tom and I wanted to travel together.
I told Tom to get out of my car.
We aren't going to do that, are we?
Tom and I sometimes travel together.
I told Tom to do that on Monday.
This area is famous for tangerines.
Tom and I often go fishing together.
I told Tom that I would do that.
There's not enough time to eat now.
Tom and I never should've done that.
I told Tom that I had done that.
There isn't enough time to eat now.
Tom and I might go fishing together.
I told Tom not to swim too long.
There aren't a lot of cookies left.
Tom and I might go camping together.
I thought that Tom wouldn't win.
There are three windows in my room.
Tom and I could go fishing together.
I thought Tom would wait for us.
There are three boxes on the table.
Tom and I aren't very likely to cry.
I thought Tom probably did that.
There are a lot of mosquitoes here.
Tom and I already know you did that.
I think you're smarter than Tom.
The sooner you do that, the better.
Tom almost didn't do that yesterday.
I think that Tom should do that.
The boss asked me to do that today.
Tom admitted that he'd been naughty.
I think Tom will let us do that.
That's a nice motorcycle, isn't it?
Tom admitted that he'd been foolish.
I think Tom will be able to win.
Sorry, I don't think I can do that.
I think Tom was being sarcastic.
Please write your name and address.
I think Tom slept all afternoon.
Please tell me what should be done.
Tom admitted that he was prejudiced.
I think Tom really wants to win.
Please tell me what has to be done.
Tom admitted that he was illiterate.
I think Tom isn't in Boston now.
Oranges aren't as cheap as bananas.
Tom admitted that he was frightened.
I think Tom is still unemployed.
Maybe we shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom admitted that he didn't do that.
I think Tom is still undefeated.
Maybe we can travel together again.
Tom wouldn't give me what I wanted.
I think Tom is still unbeatable.
Let's eat lunch at that restaurant.
Tom wouldn't give me what I needed.
I think Tom is still suspicious.
It would be better not to go today.
Tom would probably do that for you.
I think Tom is still optimistic.
It was raining in Boston on Monday.
Tom won't have to wait much longer.
I think Tom is still interested.
If we had more money, we'd do that.
Tom won't have to go there anymore.
I think Tom is still downstairs.
If it isn't expensive, I'll buy it.
Tom will unlikely wait much longer.
I think Tom is still doing that.
I've spent a lot of time in Boston.
Tom will unlikely agree to do that.
I think Tom is still dependable.
I've decided not to move to Boston.
I think Tom is eating right now.
I'm sure you'll be able to do that.
Tom will probably stop crying soon.
I think Tom got home by himself.
I'm sure you'd have fun doing that.
Tom will get mad if he doesn't win.
I saw Tom running down the road.
I'm sorry I didn't let you do that.
Tom will do that tomorrow for sure.
I need to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm not worried about getting lost.
Tom will be with me the whole time.
I need to ask Tom what he'll do.
I'm not the only one who's unhappy.
Tom will be able to win eventually.
I know why Tom wouldn't do that.
I'm not sure which way I should go.
Tom wasn't with me the entire time.
I know Tom isn't doing that now.
I'm not afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't very good at doing that.
I knew you'd ask Tom to do that.
I'm not a very good French speaker.
Tom wasn't the only one who smiled.
I knew that Tom was from Boston.
I'm going to do that all by myself.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian there.
I knew Tom wouldn't leave early.
I'll try doing that some other way.
Tom wasn't the one who was driving.
I knew Tom wouldn't do anything.
I'll meet you in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom wasn't the last one to go home.
I knew Tom would do it properly.
I'll help you carry your suitcases.
Tom wasn't the last one to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't very reliable.
I'll do that the way you showed me.
Tom wasn't the last kid to go home.
I knew Tom wasn't very creative.
I'll do that if you tell me how to.
Tom wasn't the first one to arrive.
I knew Tom wasn't very athletic.
I'll do that if you show me how to.
Tom was the one who went yesterday.
I knew Tom wasn't very artistic.
I'll do that as carefully as I can.
Tom was the last one off the plane.
I knew Tom wasn't related to me.
I'll be in my office all afternoon.
Tom was asked not to do that again.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to quit.
I'll be back the Monday after next.
Tom wanted to win, but he couldn't.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to win.
I'd never sleep in a train station.
Tom usually goes rowing by himself.
I knew Tom wasn't good at lying.
I'd like to sing with you sometime.
Tom usually cries when he's scared.
I knew Tom wasn't good at chess.
I'd do that if I had the chance to.
Tom used his knife to cut the rope.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait.
I'd decided not to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he'd be here by 2:30.
I knew Tom wasn't going to talk.
I'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom told me that he was unemployed.
I knew Tom wasn't going to stop.
I wouldn't have done that that way.
Tom told me that he was suspicious.
I knew Tom wasn't going to stay.
I wouldn't do that even if I could.
Tom told me that he was overweight.
I knew Tom wasn't going to sing.
I wonder why you needed to do that.
Tom told me that he was optimistic.
I knew Tom wasn't going to mind.
I wonder whether I can do it again.
Tom told me that he was interested.
I knew Tom wasn't going to lose.
I wonder if I should do that today.
Tom told me that he was frustrated.
I intend to go to Tom's concert.
I won't do that that way next time.
Tom told me that he was displeased.
I hope that Tom can wait for us.
I won't be able to do that anymore.
Tom told me he'd already done that.
I hope Tom isn't waiting for us.
I wish we'd waited a little longer.
Tom told me he wants to go with us.
I hope Tom didn't wait too long.
I wish I'd gotten home before 2:30.
Tom told me he had some work to do.
I hope Tom didn't get too upset.
I wish I remembered how to do that.
Tom told me he enjoyed the concert.
I hope Tom didn't do that again.
I wish I could do that like you do.
Tom told me he didn't see anything.
I heard that Tom has been fired.
I wasn't working here at that time.
Tom thinks you're doing that wrong.
I haven't told Tom who did that.
I wasn't the only one who was busy.
Tom thinks you did that on purpose.
I haven't met Tom's parents yet.
I wasn't the one who paid the bill.
Tom suggested that we eat together.
I have to go to Boston with Tom.
I wasn't sure at first where to go.
Tom still sleeps with a teddy bear.
I have the feeling Tom did that.
I wasn't sure at first what it was.
Tom still hasn't agreed to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I wasn't supposed to be here today.
Tom sometimes plays baseball there.
I figured Tom probably did that.
I wasn't paying attention in class.
Tom should really agree to do that.
I expected Tom to agree with me.
I wasn't looking where I was going.
Tom seems to be fond of doing that.
I doubt that Tom is still upset.
I wasn't in my office this morning.
Tom seems to be curious about that.
I doubt that Tom is still tired.
I wasn't happy about the situation.
Tom seemed to want to study French.
I doubt that Tom is still awake.
I wasn't able to get the safe open.
Tom seemed to want a lot of things.
I doubt that Tom is still angry.
I was living in Boston at the time.
Tom seemed to like teaching French.
I doubt that Tom is still alone.
I was hoping we could eat together.
Tom seemed to like studying French.
I doubt that Tom is still alive.
I was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom seemed to like speaking French.
I doubt if Tom will wait for us.
I want my children to learn French.
Tom seemed to have trouble walking.
I don't think that Tom can swim.
I used to do that almost every day.
Tom seemed to have lots of friends.
I don't think Tom sold anything.
I tried to do everything by myself.
Tom seemed to have known the truth.
I don't think Tom said anything.
I took a lot of pictures in Boston.
Tom seemed to enjoy being outdoors.
I don't know why Tom didn't win.
I thought you'd be able to do that.
Tom seemed to be working on a plan.
I don't know what Tom should do.
I thought you told me you did that.
Tom seemed to be unable to do that.
I don't know what Tom had to do.
I thought you could do that for me.
Tom seemed to be trying not to cry.
I don't know what Tom found out.
I thought we could travel together.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to help.
I don't expect Tom will do that.
I thought I'd try doing that again.
Tom seemed to be interested in you.
I don't doubt that Tom will win.
I think you'd better do that today.
Tom seemed to be feeling depressed.
I don't care why Tom didn't win.
I think what you did was a mistake.
Tom seemed to be different somehow.
I didn't think Tom would see us.
I stayed in Boston for three years.
Tom seemed to be busy all the time.
I didn't know that Tom was busy.
I stayed in Boston for a few years.
Tom seemed to be a really nice guy.
I didn't know Tom would show up.
I speak neither French nor English.
Tom seemed to be a normal teenager.
I didn't know Tom would hurt me.
I read the newspaper every morning.
Tom seemed to be a little hesitant.
I didn't know Tom would help us.
I read one or two books every week.
Tom seemed to be a friendly person.
I didn't know Tom would be late.
I put the milk in the refrigerator.
Tom seemed really happy to be here.
I didn't know Tom would be here.
I never should've tried doing that.
Tom seemed more annoyed than angry.
I didn't know Tom was your type.
I need to find a good hiding place.
Tom says that won't happen anymore.
I didn't know Tom was so scared.
I need to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom says that he agreed to do that.
I didn't know Tom was so lonely.
I might not be required to do that.
Tom says he'll go there by himself.
I can't understand Tom's French.
I lived in Boston when I was young.
Tom says he won't go there anymore.
I asked Tom why he liked Boston.
I lived in Boston for thirty years.
Tom says he won't agree to do that.
How can I make Tom stop snoring?
I know you can't do that very well.
Tom says he wants to do that today.
Does Tom sometimes go to Boston?
I know where you went last weekend.
Tom says I should agree to do that.
Does Tom know we don't eat meat?
I knew you'd fail your French test.
Tom said that he waited until 2:30.
Does Tom know I want him to win?
I knew you wouldn't try to do that.
Tom said that he agreed to do that.
Do you think Tom will come, too?
I knew you wouldn't like the party.
Tom said that book was interesting.
Do you think Tom uses hairspray?
I knew that I shouldn't be doing that.
Tom said he was at home yesterday.
Do you think Tom is still upset?
I just don't want to eat right now.
Tom said he was through doing that.
Do you think Tom is still tired?
I just don't want to do that again.
Tom said he was curious about that.
Do you think Tom is still drunk?
I intend to sing that song tonight.
Tom said he walked home by himself.
Do you think Tom is still awake?
I hope you're not going to do that.
Tom said he tried very hard to win.
Do you think Tom is still angry?
I hope you remember how to do that.
Tom said he thought I was handsome.
Do you think Tom is still alone?
I hope you didn't agree to do that.
Tom said he should've left earlier.
Do you think Tom can really win?
I hope people don't think I'm lazy.
Tom said he needed to do that soon.
Do you really think Tom is well?
I hear that you did that yesterday.
Tom said he might agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is ugly?
I haven't shaved since last Monday.
Tom said he knew you could do that.
Do you really think Tom is sick?
I haven't been there since October.
Tom said he didn't want to eat now.
Do you really think Tom is safe?
I haven't been sick in a long time.
Tom said he didn't care what I did.
Do you really think Tom is rich?
I have no desire to live in Boston.
Tom said I shouldn't do that again.
Do you really think Tom is poor?
I doubt if doing that will be easy.
Tom probably won't do that anymore.
Do you really think Tom is lost?
I don't think that makes any sense.
Tom probably slept well last night.
Do you really think Tom is home?
I don't ride my bicycle very often.
Tom probably can't wait until 2:30.
Do you really think Tom is here?
I don't mind if you do that or not.
Tom never stays anywhere very long.
Do you really think Tom is dead?
I don't know which way I should go.
Tom never really wanted to do that.
Do you really think Tom is cute?
I don't know what I'll do tomorrow.
Tom never goes kayaking by himself.
Do you really think Tom is cold?
I don't intend to buy that for you.
Tom must've gone bowling yesterday.
Do you really think Tom is busy?
I don't intend to buy any of those.
Tom may not have agreed to do that.
Do you really think Tom can win?
I don't feel like eating right now.
Tom made me a good offer on my car.
Do you know how much Tom weighs?
I don't feel like doing that again.
Tom looks like he's self-conscious.
Do you ever go surfing with Tom?
I didn't think you'd do that again.
Tom looked like he was unimpressed.
Do you ever go sailing with Tom?
I didn't think you'd be so jealous.
Tom looked like he was unconvinced.
Did you see the ad Tom put in the newspaper?
I didn't think you'd be here today.
Tom looked like he was unconscious.
Did you know Tom wouldn't drive?
I didn't say what you think I said.
Tom looked like he was unconcerned.
Did Tom really make you do that?
I didn't really feel like laughing.
Tom looked like he was intoxicated.
Both of Tom's brothers can swim.
I didn't know you wouldn't do that.
Tom looked like he was heartbroken.
Are you still talking about Tom?
I didn't know you couldn't do that.
Tom looked like he was embarrassed.
Are you still going to call Tom?
I didn't know I needed a bodyguard.
Tom looked like he was discouraged.
Are you absolutely sure Tom won?
I didn't get exactly what I wanted.
Tom knew I wasn't going to do that.
"Is Tom a doctor?" "Yes, he is."
I didn't drink coffee this morning.
Tom isn't worried about his grades.
Yesterday I ate lunch with Tom.
I did that because I had no choice.
Tom isn't willing to give it a try.
Why would Tom agree to do that?
I did that as carefully as I could.
Tom isn't the only one who noticed.
Why is Tom hesitant to do that?
I definitely won't do that anymore.
Tom isn't the only one who laughed.
Why doesn't Tom agree with you?
I definitely don't want to do that.
Tom isn't the only one not sitting.
Why do you think Tom won't win?
I definitely don't need to do that.
Tom isn't the only one in the room.
Why did you ask Tom to do that?
I definitely don't have to do that.
Tom isn't the only one in the pool.
Where did Tom actually do that?
I can't tell you how that happened.
Tom isn't the only man in the room.
What's Tom in such a hurry for?
I can't possibly do that by myself.
Tom isn't the only guy I've kissed.
What's Tom doing with my stuff?
I can't play tennis as well as you.
Tom isn't the only boy in the room.
What's Tom doing for Christmas?
I can't move as quickly as you can.
Tom isn't the one with the problem.
What made Tom agree to do that?
I can't get home until next Monday.
Tom isn't the one who told me that.
What does Tom do every morning?
I can't believe you're over thirty.
Tom isn't the one who planned this.
What did Tom tell you about us?
I can probably take care of myself.
Tom isn't the one that had the key.
What did Tom take a picture of?
I also have a house on Park Street.
Tom isn't going to do that with me.
What did Tom expect Mary to buy?
How many years ago did you do that?
Tom isn't even going to try to win.
What did Tom eat for breakfast?
How many years ago did that happen?
Tom isn't able to do what we asked.
We're not going to let Tom win.
How many weeks ago did you do that?
Tom is willing to sing a few songs.
We all hope Tom gets well soon.
How many weeks ago did that happen?
Tom is wearing jeans and a T-shirt.
Was it Tom who ate my sandwich?
How many months were you in Boston?
Tom is unlikely to still be asleep.
This is probably Tom's bicycle.
How many hours ago did you do that?
Tom is unlikely to do that anymore.
The roof of Tom's house is red.
How many hours ago did that happen?
Tom is too tired to help you today.
Tell Tom to eat his vegetables.
How many cups of tea did you drink?
Tom is too tired to go any further.
Please tell Tom to wear a suit.
How in the world did you know that?
Tom is tired after working all day.
Please tell Tom to do that now.
How can I keep myself from snoring?
Tom is the only person in the room.
Please let Tom wait here a bit.
Hopefully, that won't happen again.
Tom is the only one who thanked me.
Please get Tom to do that for you.
Either you or I'll have to do that.
Tom is the only one who didn't cry.
Perhaps Tom knows who did that.
Don't you think this color is nice?
Tom is the only one who came early.
My guess is that Tom won't win.
Don't leave until you've done that.
Tom is the only one wearing a suit.
Maybe Tom will do that for you.
Do you want me to read you a story?
Tom is the one who gave this to me.
It's likely that Tom won't win.
Do you mind if I eat here with you?
Tom is the oldest one in our class.
It's Tom that wants to see you.
Do you have a broom I could borrow?
Tom is the first guy I ever kissed.
It was Tom that I was supposed to talk to.
Do you get up early in the morning?
Tom is telling the truth, isn't he?
It was yesterday that Tom went.
Did you read the letter I sent you?
Tom is sure he'll find another job.
It was Tom who made me do that.
Could I get a hamburger and a cola?
Tom is supposed to meet me at 2:30.
It looks like Tom will be late.
Catching the chicken was difficult.
Tom is supposed to come here today.
It looks like Tom will be last.
Can you really do that by yourself?
Tom is supposed to be here at 2:30.
It looks like Tom was mistaken.
Can you do that before you go home?
Tom is staying at his aunt's house.
It looks like Tom is skeptical.
Can anyone run for class president?
Tom is likely to understand French.
It looks like Tom is organized.
Are you still willing to risk that?
Tom is going to do that on his own.
It looks like Tom is miserable.
Are you still the person in charge?
Tom is going to do that by himself.
It looks like Tom is intrigued.
Are you still open for suggestions?
Tom is downstairs eating right now.
It looks like Tom is exhausted.
Are you still on the baseball team?
Tom is downstairs crying right now.
It looks like Tom is desperate.
Are you still going to cook supper?
Tom is definitely not going to win.
It looks like Tom is depressed.
Are you still going back to Boston?
Tom immediately began crying again.
It looked like Tom was worried.
Tom hasn't gone camping since 2013.
Is it true that Tom didn't win?
Are you going to the bank tomorrow?
Tom hasn't done that again, has he?
Is Tom going to do that or not?
Are you all still talking about me?
Tom hasn't been to Boston recently.
If it rains, Tom won't do that.
Anyone may run for class president.
Tom hasn't been studying very hard.
If Tom can do that, so can you.
Anyone can run for class president.
Tom hasn't been home since October.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't win.
Almost everyone does that that way.
Tom has to walk to school tomorrow.
I'm not the one who kissed Tom.
"What time is it now?" "It's 2:30."
Tom has to go back to the hospital.
I'm not surprised that Tom won.
"What day is today?" "It's Monday."
Tom has probably agreed to do that.
I'm going to Boston to see Tom.
You're still a waiter, aren't you?
Tom has just now agreed to do that.
I'll get Tom to do that for us.
You're still a tailor, aren't you?
Tom has finished eating, hasn't he?
I'll do that if Tom asks me to.
You're still a pastor, aren't you?
Tom has been told to do that again.
I'd never let Tom drive my car.
You're still a lawyer, aren't you?
Tom has been told never to do that.
I'd do that if Tom asked me to.
You're still a farmer, aren't you?
Tom has been told he can't do that.
I'd do anything to protect Tom.
You're still a doctor, aren't you?
Tom has been suspended from school.
I wrote Tom a letter in French.
You're still a barber, aren't you?
Tom has been gone since yesterday.
I wonder why Tom was suspended.
You're better at French than I am.
Tom has become pretty good at that.
I wonder why Tom was surprised.
You'd be arrested if you did that.
Tom enjoys watching baseball on TV.
I wonder why Tom isn't at home.
You won't need to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't really want to eat now.
I wonder why Tom is suspicious.
You thought you'd win, didn't you?
Tom doesn't normally agree with me.
I wonder why Tom is so worried.
You should've done that yesterday.
Tom doesn't have any reason to cry.
I wonder why Tom is so thirsty.
You really should've left earlier.
Tom doesn't go skin diving anymore.
I wonder why Tom is so nervous.
You put too much sugar in the tea.
Tom didn't think that we could win.
I wonder why Tom is so curious.
You may as well do that right now.
Tom didn't seem very tired, did he?
I wonder why Tom is in trouble.
You looked like you were unafraid.
Tom didn't seem very happy, did he?
I wonder why Tom is doing this.
You looked like you were relieved.
Tom didn't seem very angry, did he?
I wonder why Tom cries so much.
You looked like you were prepared.
Tom didn't seem to want to be here.
I wonder why Tom can't do that.
You looked like you were offended.
Tom didn't seem to think so either.
I wonder who gave Tom that cap.
You looked like you were finished.
Tom didn't seem to like doing that.
I wonder which jacket is Tom's.
You looked like you were confused.
Tom didn't seem to know the answer.
I wonder whether Tom could win.
You don't seem to love me anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be very worried.
I wonder where Tom hid his key.
You don't need to do that anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be very nervous.
I wonder where Tom bought that.
You don't love me anymore, do you?
Tom didn't seem to be very excited.
You don't have to do that anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be in any hurry.
I wonder if Tom really can win.
Would you like to do that with me?
Tom didn't seem tired this evening.
I wonder if Tom killed himself.
Would you have done that that way?
Tom didn't seem all that old to me.
I wonder if Tom is still upset.
Will you eat a sandwich for lunch?
Tom didn't play basketball with us.
I wonder if Tom is still tired.
Why don't you want to eat with us?
Tom didn't need to get up so early.
I wonder if Tom is still pudgy.
Why don't you do that by yourself?
Tom didn't need to do that, did he?
I wonder if Tom is still funny.
Why don't we do that by ourselves?
Tom didn't have anyone to help him.
I wonder if Tom is still drunk.
Why does it matter how we do that?
Tom didn't drink beer at the party.
I wonder if Tom is still dizzy.
Why do you think I didn't do that?
Tom didn't do that very many times.
I wonder if Tom is still awake.
Why did that have to happen to us?
Tom did that three times last week.
I wonder if Tom is still angry.
Why did that have to happen to me?
Tom did that the way you suggested.
I wonder if Tom is still alone.
Who would eat something like this?
Tom did that the way I told him to.
I wonder if Tom is still alive.
Who told you I could speak French?
Tom couldn't have done that better.
I wonder if Tom can really win.
Who do you usually play golf with?
Tom claimed that he didn't do that.
I wasn't sure why Tom was late.
Who do you usually go skiing with?
Tom can leave early if he wants to.
I wanted Tom to come to Boston.
Who do you usually go hiking with?
Tom asked us why we didn't do that.
I want you to do that with Tom.
Who do you think needs to do that?
Tom and I'll be traveling together.
I want Tom to stay where he is.
Where's the best place to do that?
Tom and I thought we could do that.
I used to swim better than Tom.
What'll you do after school today?
Tom and I know why you were crying.
I told Tom to leave right away.
What were you studying last night?
Tom and I have to do that together.
I told Tom that I wouldn't win.
What tools do you need to do that?
Tom and I don't go dancing anymore.
I told Tom that I couldn't win.
What time are we going to do that?
Tom and I don't do that very often.
I thought Tom wouldn't confess.
What other sports are you good at?
Tom and I didn't do that yesterday.
I thought Tom was under thirty.
What classes do you have tomorrow?
Tom and I both left Boston in 2013.
I thought Tom was going to win.
We've done that many times before.
Tom always sleeps until about noon.
I thought Tom didn't like cats.
We've decided to do that together.
Tom always goes fishing by himself.
I think you're too old for Tom.
We're going to do that on our own.
Tom already intends to leave early.
I think we'd better inform Tom.
We were the first ones to do that.
Tom admitted that he was terrified.
I think Tom wants to go to bed.
We were planning to sing together.
Tom admitted that he was impressed.
I think Tom never leaves early.
We probably won't travel together.
Tom admitted that he was exhausted.
I think Tom might be back soon.
We probably won't do that anymore.
Tom's speech was very interesting.
I think Tom isn't going to win.
We only had three customers today.
Tom's dog is twice as big as mine.
I think Tom is still unmarried.
We need to decide when to do that.
Tom wouldn't have done that alone.
I think Tom is still undecided.
We might do that in the afternoon.
Tom wouldn't have done any better.
I think Tom is still skeptical.
We might as well go ahead and eat.
Tom wouldn't go hiking by himself.
I think Tom is still depressed.
We know that won't happen anymore.
Tom won't likely agree to do that.
I think Tom has been suspended.
We have to get home before Monday.
Tom won't go swimming again today.
I think Tom eats too much meat.
We don't want to do that that way.
Tom won't eat by himself, will he?
I think Tom could actually win.
We don't do that together anymore.
Tom won't do that tomorrow either.
I think Tom can't speak French.
We did that while you were asleep.
Tom will probably wait until 2:30.
I think I should let Tom leave.
We decided not to do that anymore.
Tom will probably not win anymore.
I taught Tom's children French.
Was it you who ate the last donut?
Tom will probably never win again.
I sure hope Tom didn't do that.
Today, we're going to do Lesson 3.
Tom will probably leave next week.
I suggest you do that with Tom.
This soup doesn't taste very good.
Tom will do that when he comes in.
I speak French and so does Tom.
This is the way we always do this.
Tom went to Boston three days ago.
I promised Tom I'd cook dinner.
This game requires a pair of dice.
Tom went the day before yesterday.
I often see Tom in the morning.
There are lots of ways to do that.
Tom wasn't with us that afternoon.
I learned how to surf from Tom.
The way you're doing that's wrong.
Tom wasn't with me the whole time.
I know why Tom doesn't do that.
The doctor hasn't gotten here yet.
Tom wasn't wearing a blue sweater.
I know what Tom wants me to do.
That was a very interesting movie.
Tom wasn't watching TV last night.
I know that Tom is from Boston.
Quite a few people didn't do that.
Tom wasn't walking in front of me.
I know that Tom agrees with me.
Please try not to do that anymore.
Tom wasn't very helpful yesterday.
I know Tom isn't related to me.
Please tell me what you want done.
Tom wasn't very assertive, was he?
I know Tom isn't likely to win.
Please send this special delivery.
Tom wasn't upset by the situation.
I know Tom did that on purpose.
Please lend me a pair of scissors.
Tom wasn't told he should do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't get caught.
None of my children are in Boston.
Tom wasn't the last one to arrive.
I knew Tom wouldn't forgive me.
Let's go home before it gets dark.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave.
I knew Tom wouldn't be shocked.
Let's get off at the next station.
Tom wasn't the first guy I kissed.
I knew Tom would pass the exam.
Let's find out what we need to do.
Tom wasn't sure what he should do.
I knew Tom would do that again.
Let's find out what we have to do.
Tom wasn't on the same team I was.
I hope that Tom didn't do that.
It's gotten really hot, hasn't it?
Tom wasn't in the mood to do that.
I hope Tom didn't get arrested.
It's a quiet here today, isn't it?
Tom wasn't in Boston last weekend.
I hear Tom will come on Monday.
It won't do much good to complain.
Tom was very talkative last night.
I hear Tom can ride a unicycle.
It looks like you've been unlucky.
Tom was very successful in Boston.
I haven't asked Tom to do that.
It looked like you were surprised.
Tom was very motivated to do that.
I had to go to Boston with Tom.
It looked like you were attentive.
Tom was told not to do that again.
I had no idea Tom wouldn't win.
Is there someone in the next room?
Tom was the one who won the prize.
I doubt that Tom will be early.
If you want me to do that, I will.
Tom was supposed to win yesterday.
I doubt that Tom is still poor.
If you try doing that, be careful.
Tom was going to help you do that.
I doubt that Tom is still home.
If you need me to do that, I will.
Tom was crazy to agree to do that.
I doubt that Tom is still here.
If we had more time, we'd do that.
Tom was actually going to do that.
I doubt that Tom is still cold.
If I have time, I want to do that.
Tom wants to travel around Europe.
I doubt that Tom is still busy.
I've signed up for a French class.
Tom wanted to go skiing yesterday.
I don't think Tom ate anything.
I've bought some land near Boston.
Tom used to sing almost every day.
I don't know why Tom does that.
I've been offered a job in Boston.
Tom told me you agreed to do that.
I'm wondering if I should do that.
Tom told me to get out of his van.
I didn't know Tom was so upset.
I'm the only here who can do that.
I didn't know Tom was sleeping.
I'm sorry I forced you to do that.
Tom told me that he'd be discreet.
I didn't know Tom was confused.
I'm really happy I didn't do that.
Tom told me that he was unmarried.
I didn't expect Tom to help me.
I'm really glad I moved to Boston.
Tom told me that he was uninsured.
I can't do that as fast as Tom.
I'm not the only one who was busy.
Tom told me that he was undecided.
I believed you, but Tom didn't.
I'm not the one who paid the bill.
Tom told me that he was terrified.
I'm not supposed to do that again.
Tom told me that he was skeptical.
I asked Tom to do that in October.
I'm not supposed to be here today.
Tom told me that he was satisfied.
I asked Tom to do that by himself.
I'm not going to go there anymore.
Tom told me that he was miserable.
How often does Tom use a ruler?
I'm not going to Boston this year.
Tom told me that he was irritated.
How do you think Tom does that?
I'm happy that you didn't do that.
Tom told me that he was forgetful.
How did you know Tom would win?
I'm glad I didn't get there early.
Tom told me that he was exhausted.
How did you get Tom to do that?
I'm better at French than English.
Tom told me that he was desperate.
How could Tom possibly do that?
I'll leave early tomorrow morning.
Tom told me that he was depressed.
Does Tom need to do that again?
I'll get fired if I don't do that.
Tom told me that he was bilingual.
Do you think that Tom will cry?
I'll do that my own way next time.
Tom told me that I was overweight.
Do you think that Tom can swim?
I'll do my homework before dinner.
Tom told me he'd be ready by 2:30.
Do you think Tom will be early?
I'll be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom told me he wouldn't stay long.
Do you think Tom is still safe?
I'll be here from 2:until 6:30.
Tom told me he wasn't very hungry.
Do you think Tom is still poor?
I'll be able to do that on my own.
Tom told me he wasn't ready to go.
Do you think Tom is still lost?
I'd quit doing that if I were you.
Tom told me he wasn't embarrassed.
Do you think Tom is still home?
I'd never have done that that way.
Tom told me he wasn't discouraged.
Do you think Tom is still here?
I'd like to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom told me he wasn't coming back.
Do you think Tom is still cold?
I'd like to continue working here.
Tom told me he preferred red wine.
Do you think Tom is still busy?
I'd like to buy a house in Boston.
Tom told me he found a job for me.
Do you think Tom is eating now?
I'd like it if you didn't do that.
Tom told me he enjoyed the picnic.
Do you think Tom ate breakfast?
I'd leave on Monday if I were you.
