Nobody I know wanted to do that.
No one except Tom could do that.
Nobody except Tom could do that.
No one does that other than you.
Nobody does that other than you.
Our doors are open to everyone.
Our doors are open to everybody.
That'll be very hard to do.
The one who's doing that is Tom.
Tom is the one who's doing that.
There were many of people there.
There's no time to do that.
There isn't any time to do that.
Tom already plans on doing that.
Tom plans on doing that already.
Tom and I are both conservative.
Both Tom and I are conservative.
Tom and I are both still single.
Both Tom and I are still single.
Tom and I both covered our eyes.
Both Tom and I covered our eyes.
Tom and I both know how to swim.
Both Tom and I know how to swim.
Both Tom and I can speak French.
Tom and I did what we had to.
Tom and I did what we had to do.
Tom apparently likes doing that.
Tom apparently likes to do that.
Tom asked everyone to be quiet.
Tom asked everybody to be quiet.
Tom baked an apple pie for Mary.
Tom does things I'm not able to do.
Tom does things that I can't do.
Tom doesn't often do that by himself.
Tom doesn't often do that alone.
Tom found it hard to stay mad.
Tom found it hard to stay angry.
Tom gives his children an allowance.
Tom gives his kids an allowance.
Tom has a lot of time to do that.
Tom has lots of time to do that.
Tom has done that a lot of times.
Tom has done that lots of times.
Tom has given me a lot of things.
Tom has started to write a novel.
Tom hasn't locked the doors yet.
Tom hasn't yet locked the doors.
Tom is afraid to try to do that.
Tom is afraid to try doing that.
Tom is expected to do that, too.
Tom is also expected to do that.
Tom is frequently absent from school.
Tom is incapable of doing that.
Tom isn't capable of doing that.
Tom is just as smart as Mary.
Tom is just as smart as Mary is.
Tom is likely to still be mad.
Tom is likely to still be angry.
Tom is the person who did that.
Tom is the person that did that.
Tom isn't going to be back until October.
Tom won't be back until October.
Tom isn't going to get home until Monday.
Tom won't get home until Monday.
Tom isn't likely to be angry.
Tom isn't likely to be mad.
Tom liked everyone on his team.
Tom liked everybody on his team.
Tom likes dogs more than he likes people.
Tom likes dogs more than people.
Tom likes doing that by himself.
Tom likes to do that by himself.
Tom likes to play with this dog.
Tom likes playing with this dog.
Tom likes to watch sports on TV.
Tom likes watching sports on TV.
Tom may be stranded somewhere.
Tom might be stranded somewhere.
Tom may be tempted to do that.
Tom might be tempted to do that.
Tom may be through doing that.
Tom might be through doing that.
Tom might be a really good runner.
Tom may be a really good runner.
Tom might be doing that right now.
Tom may be doing that right now.
Tom might never be the same again.
Tom may never be the same again.
Tom might not know how to do that.
Tom may not know how to do that.
Tom might've met Mary yesterday.
Tom must be grateful for that.
Tom has to be grateful for that.
Tom must've been displeased.
Tom had to have been displeased.
Tom had to have been suspicious.
Tom plans on doing that by himself.
Tom plans to do that by himself.
Tom said Mary didn't seem mad.
Tom said Mary didn't seem angry.
Tom said Mary wasn't very mad.
Tom said Mary wasn't very angry.
Tom said he plans to do that.
Tom said he plans on doing that.
Tom said he'd help Mary do that as well.
Tom said he'd also help Mary do that.
Tom said he'd help Mary do that, too.
Tom said he's already done that.
Tom said he's done that already.
Tom said it's all right to do that now.
Tom said it's OK to do that now.
Tom said no one else was hungry.
Tom said nobody else was hungry.
Tom said that Mary has to do that.
Tom said that Mary must do that.
Tom says he can already do that.
Tom says he can do that already.
Tom says he plans to do that.
Tom says he plans on doing that.
Tom says he's already done that.
Tom says he's done that already.
Tom should've done that already.
Tom should've already done that.
Tom very rarely does that by himself.
Tom very rarely does that alone.
Tom very seldom does that by himself.
Tom very seldom does that alone.
Tom will be married soon.
Tom is going to be married soon.
Tom will be very puzzled.
Tom is going to be very puzzled.
Tom will help me do that.
Tom is going to help me do that.
Tom will help us do that.
Tom is going to help us do that.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wrote down everybody's names.
Tom wrote down everyone's names.
Tom's house burned down as well.
Tom's house isn't far from my house.
Tom's house isn't far from mine.
Tom's problems aren't over yet.
Tom's problems are not yet over.
Tom's speech lasted for three hours.
Tom's speech lasted three hours.
We haven't found a solution yet.
We haven't yet found a solution.
We might come to Boston next week.
We may come to Boston next week.
We might go to Boston next summer.
We may go to Boston next summer.
We're lucky that Tom did that for us.
We're lucky Tom did that for us.
What Tom said shocked everyone.
What Tom said shocked everybody.
What you said shocked everyone.
What you said shocked everybody.
You aren't permitted to do that.
You're not permitted to do that.
You must really like to do that.
You must really like doing that.
Both Tom and I haven't done that.
Tom and I both haven't done that.
Did anybody go to Boston with you?
Did anyone go to Boston with you?
Doing that will probably be difficult.
Doing that will probably be hard.
Doing that wouldn't be hard.
Doing that wouldn't be difficult.
Everybody here understands French.
Everyone here understands French.
Everyone is completely worn out.
Everybody is completely worn out.
Everyone wanted Tom to be happy.
Everybody wanted Tom to be happy.
I actually haven't done that yet.
I haven't actually done that yet.
I did that the way I was told.
I did that the way I was told to.
I don't want to wake the children up.
I don't want to wake up the kids.
I don't want to wake up the children.
I don't want to wake the kids up.
I don't yet know everybody's name.
I don't yet know everyone's name.
I haven't yet bought the tickets.
I haven't bought the tickets yet.
I promise that I'll be there tomorrow.
I sometimes do that after school.
I do that after school sometimes.
I want to talk to you privately.
I wish I hadn't gone there alone.
I wish I hadn't tried doing that.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that.
I won't allow anyone to harm you.
I wonder what Tom plans on doing.
I wrote three letters yesterday.
Yesterday, I wrote three letters.
I'm about the same age as Tom.
I'm about the same age as Tom is.
I'm glad that no one got injured.
I'm sure that Tom has never done that.
I'm sure Tom has never done that.
I'm three years younger than you are.
I'm trying not to make Tom mad.
It won't be very difficult to do that.
It won't be very hard to do that.
It would be hard to do that.
It would be difficult to do that.
It's hard for me to do that.
It's difficult for me to do that.
No one I know is able to do that.
No one seems to be afraid but me.
Nobody seems to be afraid but me.
Please promise me that you'll do that.
Please promise me you'll do that.
Sometimes I do that after school.
Tom almost never does that by himself.
Tom almost never does that alone.
Tom already had that figured out.
Tom had that figured out already.
Both Tom and I are a little busy.
Both Tom and I are happy to help.
Both Tom and I grew up in Boston.
Tom and I both have new bicycles.
Both Tom and I have new bicycles.
Both Tom and I have one of those.
Both Tom and I like to play golf.
Tom and I both needed to do that.
Both Tom and I needed to do that.
Tom and I both wanted to do that.
Both Tom and I wanted to do that.
Tom and I were both disappointed.
Both Tom and I were disappointed.
Tom and I'd both like to do that.
Both Tom and I'd like to do that.
Tom and I've both been to Boston.
Both Tom and I've been to Boston.
Both Tom and I've been very busy.
Tom and Mary both got here early.
Both Tom and Mary got here early.
Tom appears to have a lot of friends.
Tom appears to have many friends.
Tom did that as quickly as he could.
Tom did that as fast as he could.
Tom did that to survive.
Tom did that in order to survive.
Tom didn't know why Mary was angry.
Tom didn't know why Mary was mad.
Tom didn't seem concerned at all.
Tom didn't seem at all concerned.
Tom didn't want anybody to be sad.
Tom didn't want anyone to be sad.
Tom doesn't have any friends to advise him.
Tom has no friends to advise him.
Tom gathered his children around him.
Tom gathered his kids around him.
Tom handed Mary a set of keys.
Tom handed a set of keys to Mary.
Tom has a lot more money than me.
Tom has a lot of friends to help him.
Tom has many friends to help him.
Tom has already scored points.
Tom has scored points already.
Tom has been doing that lately.
Tom has been doing that recently.
Tom has been quite busy lately.
Tom has done that only twice.
Tom has done that only two times.
Tom has lent a lot of money to Mary.
Tom has lent Mary a lot of money.
Tom has lots of friends to help him.
Tom hasn't agreed to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet agreed to do that.
Tom hasn't yet done his homework.
Tom is as good a cook as Mary.
Tom is doing very well, actually.
Actually, Tom is doing very well.
Tom is helping Mary do that, too.
Tom is also helping Mary do that.
Tom is now making a table for me.
Tom is making a table for me now.
Tom is now old enough to do that.
Tom is old enough to do that now.
Tom is taking a nap on the sofa.
Tom is taking a nap on the couch.
Tom is unaware of what Mary did.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary did.
Tom is unlikely to ever do that.
Tom isn't likely to ever do that.
Tom knows that he has to do that soon.
Tom knows he has to do that soon.
Tom knows that he should do that soon.
Tom knows he should do that soon.
Tom knows this as well as anybody.
Tom knows this as well as anyone.
Tom likes to listen to the radio.
Tom likes listening to the radio.
Tom may be hesitant to do that.
Tom might be hesitant to do that.
Tom may have done the same thing.
Tom might've done the same thing.
Tom might not be able to do that.
Tom may know Mary's phone number.
Tom might know where Mary was born.
Tom may know where Mary was born.
Tom may not be in Boston anymore.
Tom might not even know what to do.
Tom may not even know what to do.
Tom might not even want to do that.
Tom may not even want to do that.
Tom may not know that we're here.
Tom might've done that last week.
Tom may have done that last week.
Tom might've done that with Mary.
Tom may have done that with Mary.
Tom must've done that deliberately.
Tom must've done that on purpose.
Tom planned on doing that yesterday.
Tom planned to do that yesterday.
Tom pleaded guilty to grand larceny.
Tom pled guilty to grand larceny.
Tom promised that he'd do that for me.
Tom promised he'd do that for me.
Tom quickly scanned the document.
Tom scanned the document quickly.
Tom said that Mary can't do that.
Tom said he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom said he's done nothing wrong.
Tom said he hasn't yet done that.
Tom said he might possibly do that.
Tom said he may possibly do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was angry.
Tom said he thought Mary was mad.
Tom said he's not going anywhere.
Tom said he isn't going anywhere.
Tom said he's not ready to leave.
Tom said he isn't ready to leave.
Tom said no one else was injured.
Tom said nobody else was injured.
Tom said that it was an exciting game.
Tom said it was an exciting game.
Tom says Mary can do that.
Tom says Mary is able to do that.
Tom says he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom says he's done nothing wrong.
Tom says he hasn't done that yet.
Tom says he hasn't yet done that.
Tom should let Mary do that.
Tom should allow Mary to do that.
Tom showed up early for practice.
Tom showed up for practice early.
Tom thinks that Mary might do that.
Tom thinks that Mary may do that.
Tom told the children a story.
Tom told a story to the children.
Tom will be a great coach.
Tom is going to be a great coach.
Tom is going to be sorely missed.
Tom will be tough to beat.
Tom is going to be tough to beat.
Tom will do that right the next time.
Tom will do that right next time.
Tom will get married soon.
Tom is going to get married soon.
Tom will marry a Canadian.
Tom is going to marry a Canadian.
Tom will probably not come tomorrow.
Tom probably won't come tomorrow.
Tom will try to help Mary.
Tom is going to try to help Mary.
Tom will unlikely have to do that.
Tom won't likely have to do that.
Tom will unlikely need to do that.
Tom won't likely need to do that.
Tom will unlikely want to do that.
Tom won't likely want to do that.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that again.
Tom won't let Mary do that again.
We expect Tom to do that, too.
We expect Tom to do that as well.
When are you planning on doing that?
Who'll do that tomorrow, I wonder.
I wonder who'll do that tomorrow.
You may do that anytime you want to.
You may do that anytime you want.
You may not be able to do that.
You might not be able to do that.
You're a better cook than Tom.
You're a better cook than Tom is.
You're three years older than I am.
Both Tom and I didn't say a thing.
Tom and I both didn't say a thing.
Both Tom and Mary are Republicans.
Tom and Mary are both Republicans.
Both Tom and Mary have been fired.
Tom and Mary have both been fired.
Do you still let Tom do that?
Do you still allow Tom to do that?
Does anyone here want to do that?
Does anybody here want to do that?
Everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
Everybody seemed to be in a hurry.
Everyone seems to be very afraid.
Everybody seems to be very afraid.
Everyone was completely worn out.
Everybody was completely worn out.
I didn't want to wake up the kids.
I didn't want to wake the kids up.
I don't drive as fast as Tom.
I don't drive as fast as Tom does.
I don't have anyone to play with.
I don't have anybody to play with.
I had no chance to do that.
I didn't have a chance to do that.
I haven't yet finished doing that.
I haven't yet watered the flowers.
I haven't watered the flowers yet.
I may possibly do that tomorrow.
I might possibly do that tomorrow.
I shouldn't have tried doing that.
I shouldn't have tried to do that.
I think Tom has done that already.
I think Tom still has to do that.
Tom still has to do that, I think.
I'll try one more time to do that.
I'll try to do that one more time.
I'll try doing that one more time.
I'm allowed to do anything I want to do.
I'm allowed to do anything I want.
I'm sure Tom will allow you to do that.
I'm sure Tom will let you do that.
I'm three years older than Tom.
I'm three years older than Tom is.
I've just started to study French.
It was Tom that did that yesterday.
It was Tom who did that yesterday.
It would be unethical to do that.
It wouldn't be ethical to do that.
It'll probably be difficult to do that.
It'll probably be hard to do that.
No one here even tried to do that.
Nobody here even tried to do that.
No one seemed to be afraid but me.
Nobody seemed to be afraid but me.
No one wants to do that, you know.
Nobody wants to do that, you know.
Please don't let Tom do that.
Please don't allow Tom to do that.
Please have somebody else do that.
The only one who does that is Tom.
Tom actually hasn't done that yet.
Tom hasn't actually done that yet.
Tom almost always does that by himself.
Tom almost always does that alone.
Tom and I are both busy right now.
Both Tom and I are busy right now.
Tom and I are both from Australia.
Both Tom and I are from Australia.
Tom and I are both good at French.
Both Tom and I are good at French.
Both Tom and I don't speak French.
Tom and I both enjoyed that movie.
Both Tom and I enjoyed that movie.
Tom and I both got out of the car.
Both Tom and I got out of the car.
Tom and I both like riding horses.
Both Tom and I like riding horses.
Tom and I both saw Mary slap John.
Both Tom and I saw Mary slap John.
Tom and I do a lot things together.
Tom and I do lots things together.
Tom and I have no children.
Tom and I don't have any children.
Tom and I were both almost killed.
Both Tom and I were almost killed.
Tom and Mary both have to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary both need to do that.
Both Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary both want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom bought some toys for his children.
Tom bought his children some toys.
Tom can do much better than that.
Tom can do a lot better than that.
Tom claims he's already done that.
Tom claims he's done that already.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary's house.
Tom didn't return home till midnight.
Tom didn't seem frustrated at all.
Tom didn't seem at all frustrated.
Tom didn't seem interested at all.
Tom didn't seem at all interested.
Tom didn't tell anyone the truth.
Tom didn't tell anybody the truth.
Tom didn't want anybody to get mad.
Tom didn't want anyone to get mad.
Tom does that more than Mary.
Tom does that more than Mary does.
Tom does that very well, actually.
Actually, Tom does that very well.
Tom doesn't like giving speeches.
Tom doesn't like to give speeches.
Tom doesn't usually comb his hair.
Tom usually doesn't comb his hair.
Tom doesn't usually do that by himself.
Tom doesn't usually do that alone.
Tom doesn't want to do that himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom has done his homework already.
Tom has been fooled twice already.
Tom has already been fooled twice.
Tom has just done that apparently.
Tom has apparently just done that.
Tom has lived here his whole life.
Tom has only one friend in Boston.
Tom only has one friend in Boston.
Tom has read a lot of books in French.
Tom has read many books in French.
Tom has read lots of books in French.
Tom has won a lot of awards this year.
Tom has won many awards this year.
Tom has written more than thirty books.
Tom hasn't closed the windows yet.
Tom hasn't yet closed the windows.
Tom hasn't stopped doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet stopped doing that.
Tom hasn't yet decided on a major.
Tom hasn't decided on a major yet.
Tom hasn't yet made an appearance.
Tom hasn't made an appearance yet.
Tom hasn't yet registered to vote.
Tom hasn't registered to vote yet.
Tom hasn't told me what to do yet.
Tom is a better cook than Mary.
Tom is a better cook than Mary is.
Tom is able to do that by himself now.
Tom can do that by himself now.
Tom is also a member of our group.
Tom is a member of our group, too.
Tom is also on the wrestling team.
Tom is on the wrestling team, too.
Tom is an accomplished actor, too.
Tom is also an accomplished actor.
Tom is going to be relieved to hear that.
Tom will be relieved to hear that.
Tom is hesitant to try to do that.
Tom is hesitant to try doing that.
Tom is mentioned in the book as well.
Tom is also mentioned in the book.
Tom is mentioned in the book, too.
Tom is much older than my father.
Tom is a lot older than my father.
Tom is now able to do that by himself.
Tom can now do that by himself.
Tom is on the wrestling team as well.
Tom is the one that did that wrong.
Tom is the one who did that wrong.
Tom isn't able to do that as well as Mary.
Tom can't do that as well as Mary.
Tom knows that he has to do that today.
Tom knows he has to do that today.
Tom knows that he should do that today.
Tom knows he should do that today.
Tom likes to keep stuff like that.
Tom likes keeping stuff like that.
Tom looks older than he actually is.
Tom may be desperate to do that.
Tom might be desperate to do that.
Tom may be motivated to do that.
Tom might be motivated to do that.
Tom may be reluctant to do that.
Tom might be reluctant to do that.
Tom might get fined if he does that.
Tom may get fined if he does that.
Tom might have to go back to Boston.
Tom may have to go back to Boston.
Tom may not be willing to do that.
Tom might not be willing to help us.
Tom may not be willing to help us.
Tom might not know where Mary lives.
Tom may not know where Mary lives.
Tom might not know where Mary works.
Tom may not know where Mary works.
Tom might possibly be here tomorrow.
Tom may possibly be here tomorrow.
Tom might've done that by himself.
Tom may have done that by himself.
Tom ought to have arrived home by now.
Tom should've arrived home by now.
Tom planned on doing that by himself.
Tom planned to do that by himself.
Tom pleaded with the judge for mercy.
Tom pled with the judge for mercy.
Tom said that he couldn't do that.
Tom said he planned to do that.
Tom said he planned on doing that.
Tom said no one else was laughing.
Tom said nobody else was laughing.
Tom said that I didn't have to do that.
Tom says he isn't able to do that.
Tom says he doesn't have any concrete plans.
Tom says he has no concrete plans.
Tom says no one has been arrested.
Tom says nobody has been arrested.
Tom seems to have lots of friends.
Tom seldom does that anymore.
Tom should never have been arrested.
Tom should've never been arrested.
Tom should never have been pardoned.
Tom should've never been pardoned.
Tom should never have been released.
Tom should've never been released.
Tom should never have told you that.
Tom never should've told you that.
Tom sold Mary his old clarinet.
Tom sold his old clarinet to Mary.
Tom somewhat resembles his father.
Tom resembles his father somewhat.
Tom told Mary he was thirsty.
Tom will be very depressed.
Tom is going to be very depressed.
Tom will buy a new bicycle.
Tom is going to buy a new bicycle.
Tom will buy that for Mary.
Tom is going to buy that for Mary.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom won't ever be able to do that.
Tom won't let anyone do that.
Tom's friends knew Tom was unhappy.
Tom's friends knew he was unhappy.
Tom's house is very close to my house.
Tom's house is very close to mine.
We may visit Boston next spring.
We might visit Boston next spring.
We must correct these problems.
We have to correct these problems.
What do you usually have for lunch?
Why aren't we allowed to do that?
Why are we not allowed to do that?
You don't seem to like to do that.
You don't seem to like doing that.
You look as though you've seen a ghost.
All of your answers were wrong.
All of your answers were incorrect.
Almost everybody here speaks French.
Both Tom and I live on Park Street.
Tom and I both live on Park Street.
Both Tom and I were here yesterday.
Tom and I were both here yesterday.
Both of Tom's brothers are able to do that.
Both of Tom's brothers can do that.
Do you plan to do that sometime?
Do you plan on doing that sometime?
Does anybody here understand French?
Does anyone here understand French?
Doing that won't be very hard.
Doing that won't be very difficult.
Everybody I know has studied French.
Everyone I know has studied French.
Everybody here except me has done that.
Everyone here but me has done that.
Everyone here except me has done that.
Everyone knows you went to Boston.
Everybody knows you went to Boston.
How many bananas do you eat per week?
How many bananas do you eat a week?
I asked everybody the same question.
I asked everyone the same question.
I can't do that as well as Tom.
I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I can't do that as well as you.
I can't do that as well as you can.
I could do that when I was a kid.
I could do that when I was a child.
I didn't see anybody on my way here.
I didn't see anyone on my way here.
I didn't think Tom would be so angry.
I didn't think Tom would be so mad.
I don't have everything I need yet.
I don't yet have everything I need.
I think that isn't going to happen.
I think that's not going to happen.
I don't have any desire to do that.
I know nothing about Boston.
I know that Tom is able to do that.
I might stay in Boston until October.
I may stay in Boston until October.
I promise that I won't be late tomorrow.
I promise I won't be late tomorrow.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants to do.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants.
I was unable to do that by myself.
I wasn't able to do that by myself.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom my car.
I wish I hadn't lent my car to Tom.
I'm roughly the same age as Tom.
I'm roughly the same age as Tom is.
I'm sure that that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that'll eventually happen.
It might not be difficult to do that.
It may not be difficult to do that.
It ought to be possible to do that.
My mom told me to clean my room.
My mother told me to clean my room.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that.
My parents wouldn't let me do that.
No one I know knows how to do that.
Nobody I know knows how to do that.
Someone else will do that for you.
Somebody must've stolen your watch.
The police said no one was injured.
The police said nobody was injured.
There weren't any children in the park.
There weren't any kids in the park.
Tom and I are both in the hospital.
Both Tom and I are in the hospital.
Tom and I are both older than Mary.
Both Tom and I are older than Mary.
Tom and I both have Canadian wives.
Both Tom and I have Canadian wives.
Tom and I both just stared at Mary.
Both Tom and I just stared at Mary.
Tom and I both nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and I nodded in agreement.
Tom and I both should've done that.
Both Tom and I should've done that.
Both Tom and I want the same thing.
Tom and I can both sing quite well.
Both Tom and I can sing quite well.
Tom and I can both swim quite well.
Both Tom and I can swim quite well.
Both Tom and I were at the meeting.
Tom and I were both born in Boston.
Both Tom and I were born in Boston.
Tom and Mary are both music majors.
Both Tom and Mary are music majors.
Both Tom and Mary died in the accident.
Tom and his father were both there.
Both Tom and his father were there.
Tom can't do that as well as me.
Tom can't do that as well as I can.
Tom did that in front of everyone.
Tom did that in front of everybody.
Tom did that without anybody's help.
Tom did that without anyone's help.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that.
Tom does things I don't like to do.
Tom does things I don't like doing.
Tom does things that I don't like doing.
Tom does things that I don't like to do.
Tom doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be angry.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be mad.
Tom eventually was able to do that.
Tom was able to do that eventually.
Tom gave Mary an expensive gift.
Tom gave an expensive gift to Mary.
Tom gave Mary something that she needed.
Tom gave Mary something she needed.
Tom got here earlier than Mary.
Tom had no trouble doing that.
Tom didn't have trouble doing that.
Tom handed the clerk some money.
Tom handed some money to the clerk.
Tom has a lot more money than I do.
Tom has a lot of property in Boston.
Tom has lots of property in Boston.
Tom has already pledged to do that.
Tom has pledged to do that already.
Tom has already stopped doing that.
Tom has stopped doing that already.
Tom has given a lot of things to me.
Tom has given lots of things to me.
Tom has gone out for lunch already.
Tom has already gone out for lunch.
Tom has had no chance to do that.
Tom hasn't had a chance to do that.
Tom has never allowed me to drive his car.
Tom has never let me drive his car.
Tom has probably already done that.
Tom has probably done that already.
Tom has recently rejoined the team.
Tom has rejoined the team recently.
Tom hasn't yet asked me to do that.
Tom hasn't asked me to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom hasn't yet promised to do that.
Tom hasn't promised to do that yet.
Tom is a skilled chess player, too.
Tom is also a skilled chess player.
Tom is also going to be late today.
Tom is going to be late today, too.
Tom is expected to do that as well.
Tom is facing substantial prison time.
Tom is facing a lot of prison time.
Tom is going to be last person to do that.
Tom will be last person to do that.
Tom is much taller than his father is.
Tom is much taller than his father.
Tom is now at home with his family.
Tom is at home with his family now.
Tom is now serving a life sentence.
Tom is serving a life sentence now.
Tom is obviously very intelligent.
Obviously, Tom is very intelligent.
Tom is on the same committee as I am.
Tom is on the same committee as me.
Tom is smart enough not to do that.
Tom is smart enough to not do that.
Tom is three inches taller than me.
Tom is unaware that Mary did that.
Tom isn't aware that Mary did that.
Tom knows I'm not afraid of anybody.
Tom knows I'm not afraid of anyone.
Tom knows that better than anyone.
Tom knows that better than anybody.
Tom knows that he needs to do that soon.
Tom knows he needs to do that soon.
Tom knows that he ought to do that soon.
Tom knows he ought to do that soon.
Tom leaves for Australia on Monday.
Tom leaves on Monday for Australia.
Tom likes to go fishing by himself.
Tom may be determined to do that.
Tom might be determined to do that.
Tom may be in Boston next Monday.
Tom might be in Boston next Monday.
Tom might even end up back in Boston.
Tom may even end up back in Boston.
Tom might even need to do that again.
Tom may even need to do that again.
Tom might've missed the last train.
Tom may have missed the last train.
Tom must be motivated to do that.
Tom has to be motivated to do that.
Tom must be planning to do that.
Tom must be planning on doing that.
Tom must be reluctant to do that.
Tom has to be reluctant to do that.
Tom never intended to harm anyone.
Tom never intended to harm anybody.
Tom never intended to hurt anyone.
Tom never intended to hurt anybody.
Tom never should've been elected.
Tom should never have been elected.
Tom pleaded guilty and was fined $300.
Tom pled guilty and was fined $300.
Tom pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Tom pled not guilty to all charges.
Tom promised me that he'd do that today.
Tom promised me he'd do that today.
Tom said Mary will unlikely do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely do that.
Tom said he heard someone singing.
Tom said he heard somebody singing.
Tom said he heard someone snoring.
Tom said he heard somebody snoring.
Tom said he heard someone yelling.
Tom said he heard somebody yelling.
Tom said he needed to stay home.
Tom said he needed to stay at home.
Tom said he probably isn't going to do that.
Tom said he probably won't do that.
Tom said he'd try doing that again.
Tom said he'd try to do that again.
Tom said he'd try to do that today.
Tom said he'd try doing that today.
Tom said he'll be doing that by himself.
Tom said he'll be doing that alone.
Tom said he'll be doing that on his own.
Tom said he isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he had a lot of money.
Tom said that he had lots of money.
Tom said that may cause problems.
Tom said that might cause problems.
Tom says that he did nothing wrong.
Tom says he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom says he's not ready to do that.
Tom says he isn't ready to do that.
Tom says it isn't worth the effort.
Tom says it's not worth the effort.
Tom secretly planned to do that.
Tom secretly planned on doing that.
Tom should've not been doing that.
Tom shouldn't have been doing that.
Tom showed his photograph album to me.
Tom showed me his photograph album.
Tom usually doesn't do that for me.
Tom doesn't usually do that for me.
Tom was mentioned in the book as well.
Tom was also mentioned in the book.
Tom was mentioned in the book, too.
Tom wasn't in Boston very long.
Tom wasn't in Boston for very long.
Tom will be here till next Monday.
Tom will be here until next Monday.
Tom will be here to do that.
Tom is going to be here to do that.
Tom will buy a new trombone.
Tom is going to buy a new trombone.
Tom will get you in trouble.
Tom is going to get you in trouble.
Tom will unlikely do that with Mary.
Tom won't likely do that with Mary.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that anymore.
Tom won't let Mary do that anymore.
Tom won't do that with anybody else.
Tom won't do that with anyone else.
Tom won't allow anybody to do that.
We may come to Boston next month.
We might come to Boston next month.
What do you plan to do tomorrow?
What do you plan on doing tomorrow?
What do you usually have for dinner?
What do you usually eat for dinner?
What do you usually have for supper?
What do you usually eat for supper?
You may not be able to open that.
You might not be able to open that.
You seem to have already done that.
You seem to have done that already.
You're expected to do that, too.
You're expected to do that as well.
You're three inches taller than I am.
You're three inches taller than me.
You're three years younger than I am.
Both Tom and I were happy in Boston.
Tom and I were both happy in Boston.
Do you have any idea what's going to happen?
Do you have any idea what'll happen?
Doing that will likely be hard.
Doing that will likely be difficult.
Everybody here except Tom has done that.
Everyone here but Tom has done that.
Everybody here but me has done that.
Everyone here except Tom has done that.
Everyone seems to be afraid but me.
Everybody seems to be afraid but me.
Everyone thinks Tom went to Boston.
Everybody thinks Tom went to Boston.
I didn't expect anyone to be there.
I didn't expect anybody to be there.
I haven't yet read the instructions.
I haven't read the instructions yet.
I haven't yet taken out the garbage.
I haven't taken out the garbage yet.
I know Tom better than anyone else.
I know Tom better than anybody else.
I live in the same dorm as Tom.
I live in the same dorm as Tom does.
I live in the same dormitory as Tom.
I plan to do that while I'm here.
I plan on doing that while I'm here.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I think Tom still needs to do that.
Tom still needs to do that, I think.
I think Tom still wants to do that.
Tom still wants to do that, I think.
I think Tom won't be awake now.
I don't think Tom will be awake now.
I think Tom won't be impressed.
I don't think Tom will be impressed.
I'd like you to do that alone.
I'd like you to do that by yourself.
I'm certain that Tom has never done that.
I'm certain Tom has never done that.
It wouldn't be hard to do that.
It wouldn't be difficult to do that.
It's hard to do that, isn't it?
It's difficult to do that, isn't it?
Many of your answers were wrong.
Many of your answers were incorrect.
Most of your answers were wrong.
Most of your answers were incorrect.
Someone must've seen what happened.
Somebody must've seen what happened.
The judge hasn't ruled on that yet.
The judge hasn't yet ruled on that.
The only one who can do that is Tom.
The park is always full of kids.
The park is always full of children.
Tom actually was very busy that day.
Tom was actually very busy that day.
Tom also plays the guitar very well.
Tom plays the guitar very well, too.
Tom and I are both college students.
Both Tom and I are college students.
Both Tom and I are on the same team.
Tom and I are both thirty years old.
Both Tom and I are thirty years old.
Both Tom and I want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and I want you to be happy.
Tom and I were unable to help Mary.
Tom and I weren't able to help Mary.
Tom and Mary both grew up in Boston.
Tom can rest as long as he wants.
Tom can rest as long as he wants to.
Tom did nothing wrong, in my opinion.
In my opinion Tom did nothing wrong.
Tom didn't immediately give up hope.
Tom didn't give up hope immediately.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so angry.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so mad.
Tom didn't want anybody to get angry.
Tom didn't want anyone to get angry.
Tom died in the same year Mary did.
Tom died in the same year Mary died.
Tom does that better than Mary.
Tom does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom had a hard time doing that.
Tom had a difficult time doing that.
Tom has a hard time doing that.
Tom has a difficult time doing that.
Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
Tom has lots of teaching experience.
Tom has a lot of things he has to do.
Tom has lots of things he has to do.
Tom has apologized for that already.
Tom has already asked me to do that.
Tom has asked me to do that already.
Tom has already been asked to leave.
Tom has been asked to leave already.
Tom has already finished doing that.
Tom has finished doing that already.
Tom has forgotten about you already.
Tom has already promised to do that.
Tom has promised to do that already.
Tom has signed the contract already.
Tom has been doing that for a long time.
Tom has been doing that a long time.
Tom has no one to blame but himself.
Tom has nobody to blame but himself.
Tom doesn't have anyone to help him.
Tom has other responsibilities as well.
Tom also has other responsibilities.
Tom has other responsibilities, too.
Tom has recently lost a lot of hair.
Tom has lost a lot of hair recently.
Tom hasn't yet bought what he needs.
Tom hasn't bought what he needs yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me who did that.
Tom hasn't told me who did that yet.
Tom hoped to one day live in Boston.
Tom hoped to live in Boston one day.
Tom is a much better singer than me.
Tom is expected to participate, too.
Tom is also expected to participate.
Tom is a lot taller than his father.
Tom is sure to pass the exam.
Tom is sure to pass the examination.
Tom is the one that needs to do that.
Tom is the one who needs to do that.
Tom is the one that started all this.
Tom is the one who started all this.
Tom is the person who wants to do that.
Tom is the one who wants to do that.
Tom is the person who's doing that now.
Tom is the one who's doing that now.
Tom is unsatisfied with the result.
Tom isn't as good at tennis as Mary is.
Tom isn't as good at tennis as Mary.
Tom isn't yet old enough to do that.
Tom isn't old enough yet to do that.
Tom knew the job would be hard.
Tom knew the job would be difficult.
Tom knows more about Boston than I do.
Tom knows more about Boston than me.
Tom knows that he needs to do that today.
Tom knows he needs to do that today.
Tom knows that he ought to do that today.
Tom knows he ought to do that today.
Tom left his son a large fortune.
Tom likes doing that in the morning.
Tom likes to do that in the morning.
Tom likes to keep things to himself.
Tom likes keeping things to himself.
Tom looks younger than he actually is.
Tom looks younger than he really is.
Tom may be immune to that disease.
Tom might be immune to that disease.
Tom may talk to whoever he wants.
Tom may talk to whoever he wants to.
Tom might know where Mary plans to go.
Tom may know where Mary plans to go.
Tom must be interested in doing that.
Tom has to be interested in doing that.
Tom never should've been arrested.
Tom never should've been laid off.
Tom should never have been laid off.
Tom obviously hasn't done that yet.
Tom has obviously not done that yet.
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.
Tom probably isn't going to do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that.
Tom promised me that he'd do that for us.
Tom promised me he'd do that for us.
Tom promised that he'd do that this week.
Tom promised he'd do that this week.
Tom said Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary won't like to do that.
Tom said Mary won't like doing that.
Tom said Mary would do that, too.
Tom said Mary would do that as well.
Tom said he doesn't like doing that.
Tom said he doesn't like to do that.
Tom said he plans to do that on Monday.
Tom said he plans to do that Monday.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said he would never hurt anybody.
Tom said he would never hurt anyone.
Tom said he wouldn't try doing that.
Tom said he wouldn't try to do that.
Tom said he'll never quit doing that.
Tom said he won't ever quit doing that.
Tom said he's not making much money.
Tom said he isn't making much money.
Tom said no one else could help him.
Tom said nobody else could help him.
Tom said no one else was on the bus.
Tom said nobody else was on the bus.
Tom said that he likes dancing with Mary.
Tom said he likes dancing with Mary.
Tom says Mary won't like to do that.
Tom says Mary won't like doing that.
Tom says doing that might not be safe.
Tom says doing that may not be safe.
Tom says he can prove that Mary did that.
Tom says he can prove Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't like to do that.
Tom says he's not afraid to do that.
Tom says he isn't afraid to do that.
Tom says it isn't worth the trouble.
Tom says it's not worth the trouble.
Tom says that he'll do that someday.
Tom seems to have already done that.
Tom seems to have done that already.
Tom shouldn't have ever gotten involved.
Tom should've never gotten involved.
Tom shouldn't have tried to do that.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom stayed longer than he needed.
Tom stayed longer than he needed to.
Tom very frequently does that by himself.
Tom very frequently does that alone.
Tom is going to be doing that later.
Tom will be ready to do that.
Tom is going to be ready to do that.
Tom will be very discouraged.
Tom is going to be very discouraged.
Tom will need more than that.
Tom is going to need more than that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that.
Tom won't likely be able to do that.
Tom will unlikely do that by himself.
Tom won't likely do that by himself.
Tom won't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom won't have much time to do that.
Tom won't permit anyone to do that.
Tom won't permit anybody to do that.
Tom would've let you do that.
Tom would've allowed you to do that.
Tom's room has no windows.
Tom's room doesn't have any windows.
We did that a lot when we were children.
We did that a lot when we were kids.
Why do people like to live in cities?
Why do people like living in cities?
You can stay as long as you want to.
You're a better swimmer than Tom.
You're a better swimmer than Tom is.
You're not like anyone else I know.
You're not like anybody else I know.
Both Tom and I haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and I haven't yet done that.
Tom and I both haven't done that yet.
Tom and I both haven't yet done that.
Both Tom and Mary did that yesterday.
Tom and Mary both did that yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
Do you know anybody who speaks French?
Do your parents let you do that?
Do your parents allow you to do that?
Doing that won't likely be hard.
Doing that won't likely be difficult.
Everybody thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everyone thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everybody here but Tom has done that.
Everyone seemed to be afraid but me.
Everybody seemed to be afraid but me.
Have you told anybody else about this?
I didn't participate in the discussion.
I didn't take part in the discussion.
I didn't think anyone could do that.
I don't know anybody smarter than Tom.
I don't know anyone smarter than Tom.
I don't plan to drive my car today.
I don't plan on driving my car today.
I think Tom didn't intend to do that.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that.
I graduated the same year as Tom.
I graduated the same year as Tom did.
I know that Tom is smarter than me.
I know that Tom is smarter than I am.
I live on the same floor as Tom.
I live on the same floor as Tom does.
I think Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I used to do that when I was a kid.
I used to do that when I was a child.
I wasn't able to answer half the questions.
I couldn't answer half the questions.
I wonder if Tom is as old as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as old as Mary is.
I'd never seen Tom that mad before.
I'd never seen Tom that angry before.
I'm three inches taller than you.
I'm three inches taller than you are.
If you do that tomorrow, so will I.
If you do that tomorrow, I will, too.
If you don't do that, I won't do that either.
If you don't do that, I won't either.
If you don't do that, neither will I.
If you have any problems, let me know.
Let me know if you have any problems.
It shouldn't be hard to do that.
It shouldn't be difficult to do that.
It would be hard to do that now.
It would be difficult to do that now.
It'll be hard for me to do that.
It'll be difficult for me to do that.
Nobody was able to solve the problem.
No one has complained about that yet.
Nobody has complained about that yet.
No one has objected to my doing that.
Nobody has objected to my doing that.
No one said doing that would be easy.
Nobody said doing that would be easy.
Nobody seems to know who's in charge.
There aren't any roses in the garden.
Tom and I are both very conservative.
Both Tom and I are very conservative.
Both Tom and I are very proud of you.
Tom and I both drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and I drink too much coffee.
Tom and I both have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and I have Canadian spouses.
Tom and I both want to say something.
Both Tom and I want to say something.
Tom and I both wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and I wanted to be plumbers.
Tom and I live in the same dorm.
Tom and I live in the same dormitory.
Tom and I were both arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and I were arrested in 2013.
Tom and Mary did what they had to do.
Tom and Mary were arrested Monday.
Tom and Mary were arrested on Monday.
Tom can do so much better than me.
Tom can do so much better than I can.
Tom convinced Mary to try to do that.
Tom convinced Mary to try doing that.
Tom cooked us a delicious dinner.
Tom cooked a delicious dinner for us.
Tom could refuse to allow Mary to do that.
Tom could refuse to let Mary do that.
Tom couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom didn't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom didn't have much time to do that.
Tom didn't really do that alone.
Tom didn't really do that by himself.
Tom didn't really want to see anybody.
Tom didn't really want to see anyone.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was unhappy.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wasn't happy.
Tom didn't want anybody to be unhappy.
Tom didn't want anyone to be unhappy.
Tom does that a lot better than I can.
Tom does that much better than I can.
Tom doesn't have anybody to help him.
Tom doesn't let his kids do that.
Tom doesn't let his children do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody can do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone can do that.
Tom forgot to bring his swimsuit.
Tom forgot to bring his bathing suit.
Tom has a car, but he rarely uses it.
Tom has a car, but he seldom uses it.
Tom has a hard decision to make.
Tom has a lot of things he has to buy.
Tom has lots of things he has to buy.
Tom has apparently already done that.
Tom has apparently done that already.
Tom has apparently not done that yet.
Tom has apparently not yet done that.
Tom has at least as many books as I have.
Tom has at least as many books as do.
Tom has at least as many books as me.
Tom has been gone nearly three years.
Tom has been gone almost three years.
Tom has many problems of his own.
Tom has a lot of problems of his own.
Tom has much more money than I have.
Tom has no time to do that.
Tom doesn't have any time to do that.
Tom hasn't yet finished his homework.
Tom hasn't yet asked Mary to do that.
Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that yet.
Tom is a better drummer than Mary.
Tom is a better drummer than Mary is.
Tom is a member of our group as well.
Tom is a very talented musician, too.
Tom is also a very talented musician.
Tom is buying some toys for his children.
Tom is buying his children some toys.
Tom is going to be doing that all afternoon.
Tom will be doing that all afternoon.
Tom is going to be surprised if you do that.
Tom will be surprised if you do that.
Tom is just over three years old now.
Tom is now just over three years old.
Tom is now trying to figure that out.
Tom is trying to figure that out now.
Tom is now writing a book about that.
Tom is writing a book about that now.
Tom is taller than Mary by three inches.
Tom is the guy that helped me do that.
Tom is the guy who helped me do that.
Tom is unaware of what he has to do.
Tom isn't aware of what he has to do.
Tom isn't going to buy Mary that.
Tom isn't going to buy that for Mary.
Tom isn't the one that did that wrong.
Tom isn't the one who did that wrong.
Tom lets Mary do what she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do what she wants.
Tom lets Mary do what she wants.
Tom likes fruit more than he likes vegetables.
Tom likes fruit more than vegetables.
Tom lost his sight in an accident.
Tom lost his eyesight in an accident.
Tom may be the last one to do that.
Tom might be the last one to do that.
Tom may be the next one to do that.
Tom might be the next one to do that.
Tom may not be able to do that yet.
Tom might not be able to do that yet.
Tom might get arrested if he does that.
Tom may get arrested if he does that.
Tom might know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom may know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom might know why Mary has to do that.
Tom may know why Mary has to do that.
Tom might not even know how to do that.
Tom may not even know how to do that.
Tom might not know where Mary was born.
Tom may not know where Mary was born.
Tom ought to try doing that more often.
Tom should try doing that more often.
Tom plays the piano better than me.
Tom pleaded guilty and is now in prison.
Tom pled guilty and is now in prison.
Tom promised that he'd do that right away.
Tom promised he'd do that right away.
Tom really didn't want to see anybody.
Tom really didn't want to see anyone.
Tom said Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary was unable to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said everyone he knows can swim.
Tom said everybody he knows can swim.
Tom said he could've done that by himself.
Tom said he could've done that alone.
Tom said he could've done that on his own.
Tom said he heard someone screaming.
Tom said he heard somebody screaming.
Tom said he knew what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he knew what Mary should do.
Tom said he's not allowed to do that.
Tom said he isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said last night he might retire.
Last night, Tom said he might retire.
Tom said last night that he might retire.
Tom said no one was in the classroom.
Tom said nobody was in the classroom.
Tom said that he likes swimming with Mary.
Tom said he likes swimming with Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't at all tired.
Tom said that he wasn't tired at all.
Tom says Mary couldn't do that.
Tom says Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom says doing that might be dangerous.
Tom says doing that may be dangerous.
Tom says everyone he knows can swim.
Tom says everybody he knows can swim.
Tom says he did nothing illegal.
Tom says that he did nothing illegal.
Tom says he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom says he doesn't have any desire to do that.
Tom says he thinks he ought to do that.
Tom says he thinks he should do that.
Tom says he thinks it's not possible.
Tom says he thinks it isn't possible.
Tom says he's planning to do that.
Tom says he's planning on doing that.
Tom says that he has to do that as well.
Tom says that he also has to do that.
Tom says that he has to do that, too.
Tom says that he plans to do that.
Tom says that he plans on doing that.
Tom hardly ever does that by himself.
Tom should never have tried doing that.
Tom should've never tried doing that.
Tom should never have tried to do that.
Tom should've never tried to do that.
Tom showed a picture of John to Mary.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back.
Tom thinks Mary won't ever come back.
Tom told Mary he was interested.
Tom told Mary that he was interested.
Tom usually doesn't get here on time.
Tom doesn't usually get here on time.
Tom was lucky he could do that.
Tom was lucky he was able to do that.
Tom is going to be a teacher someday.
Tom will be cut from the team.
Tom is going to be cut from the team.
Tom will be sorry he did that.
Tom is going to be sorry he did that.
Tom will buy the blue sweater.
Tom is going to buy the blue sweater.
Tom will give us what we need.
Tom is going to give us what we need.
Tom will give us what we want.
Tom is going to give us what we want.
Tom will stay here till next Monday.
Tom will stay here until next Monday.
Tom will unlikely do that this summer.
Tom won't likely do that this summer.
Tom won't let you do that again.
Tom won't allow you to do that again.
Tom would never let you do that.
Tom would never allow you to do that.
Tom would've let Mary do that.
Tom would've allowed Mary to do that.
Tom's house isn't very far from my house.
Tom's house isn't very far from mine.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over yet.
Tom's legal troubles aren't yet over.
Tom's poetry has won many prizes.
Tom's poetry has won a lot of prizes.
We aren't allowed to do that anymore.
You can't let Tom do that again.
You can't allow Tom to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep at that time.
Tom and Mary were both asleep at that time.
Do you know anybody who studies French?
Do you know anyone who studies French?
Do you know anybody who teaches French?
Do you know anyone who teaches French?
Don't let Tom do that by himself.
Don't allow Tom to do that by himself.
Everyone was shocked by what Tom did.
Everybody was shocked by what Tom did.
I couldn't do that when I was a kid.
I couldn't do that when I was a child.
I did everything I was supposed to.
I did that whenever I had a chance.
I did that whenever I had a chance to.
I didn't want to wake up the children.
I didn't want to wake the children up.
I do that whenever I have a chance.
I do that whenever I have a chance to.
I don't have as many cats as Tom.
I don't have as many cats as Tom does.
I had planned to do that yesterday.
I had planned on doing that yesterday.
I know someone who's never done that.
I know somebody who's never done that.
I know that Tom isn't able to do that.
I know you're not very happy about it.
I know you aren't very happy about it.
I live on the same street as Tom.
I live on the same street as Tom does.
I think Tom won't be embarrassed.
I don't think Tom will be embarrassed.
I think doing that won't be hard.
I think doing that won't be difficult.
I wasn't expecting anyone to be here.
I wasn't expecting anybody to be here.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom that book.
I wish I hadn't lent that book to Tom.
I won't permit my kids to do that.
I won't permit my children to do that.
I wonder if Tom is as lazy as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as lazy as Mary is.
I wonder if it's OK to do that.
I wonder if it's all right to do that.
I wonder when Tom plans on doing that.
I'm exactly the same height as Tom.
I'm exactly the same height as Tom is.
If Tom does that, it would surprise me.
It would surprise me if Tom does that.
It would've been hard to do that.
It would've been difficult to do that.
It'll be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's going to be very difficult to do that.
It's going to be very hard to do that.
It's not necessary to do that anymore.
It isn't necessary to do that anymore.
My parents would never let me do that.
No one I know really wants to do that.
Nobody I know really wants to do that.
Nobody else at the party spoke French.
No one else at the party spoke French.
Nobody in the room could speak French.
No one in the room could speak French.
That isn't the correct way to do that.
That's not the correct way to do that.
The children will be happy to see you.
There's no time to do that today.
There isn't any time to do that today.
There's someone who wants to meet you.
Tom also plans to go to the zoo today.
Tom plans to go to the zoo today, too.
Tom and I are both full-time students.
Both Tom and I are full-time students.
Tom and I are both still under thirty.
Both Tom and I are still under thirty.
Tom and I are both wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and I are wearing sunglasses.
Tom and I both didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and I didn't want to do that.
Tom and I both should've known better.
Both Tom and I should've known better.
Tom and I both turned around to watch.
Both Tom and I turned around to watch.
Tom and I both work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and I work eight hours a day.
Tom and I can both do that quite well.
Both Tom and I can do that quite well.
Tom and I did what we were told.
Tom and I did what we were told to do.
Tom and I talked about lots of things.
Tom and I were both a little confused.
Both Tom and I were a little confused.
Both Tom and I were busy at that time.
Tom and Mary plan on doing that together.
Tom and Mary plan to do that together.
Tom can barely feed his family.
Tom is barely able to feed his family.
Tom can play the piano better than me.
Tom can't do that as well as Mary can.
Tom can't do that very well, actually.
Actually, Tom can't do that very well.
Tom confirmed that no one was injured.
Tom confirmed that nobody was injured.
Tom did that on purpose, didn't he?
Tom did that intentionally, didn't he?
Tom did that whenever he had a chance to.
Tom did that whenever he had a chance.
Tom didn't believe that Mary would do that.
Tom didn't seem to be willing to do that.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so angry.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so mad.
Tom didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom didn't think anybody would do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would do that.
Tom didn't want anybody to get injured.
Tom didn't want anyone to get injured.
Tom doesn't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom doesn't have much time to do that.
Tom doesn't allow his kids to do that.
Tom drives much faster than Mary.
Tom drives much faster than Mary does.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary does.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary does.
Tom gave me the key, but I lost it.
Tom gave the key to me, but I lost it.
Tom gives too much money to his children.
Tom gives his children too much money.
Tom had no desire to do that.
Tom didn't have any desire to do that.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to do.
Tom has lots of things he needs to do.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to do.
Tom has lots of things he wants to do.
Tom has already been asked to do that.
Tom has been asked to do that already.
Tom has at least as many stamps as I do.
Tom has at least as many stamps as me.
Tom has at least as many stamps as I have.
Tom has coauthored several books as well.
Tom has also coauthored several books.
Tom has no plans for Monday.
Tom doesn't have any plans for Monday.
Tom has no plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have anyone to advise him.
Tom has started doing that more often.
Tom has started to do that more often.
Tom has way more experience than me.
Tom has way more experience than I do.
Tom hasn't ever played tennis with Mary.
Tom hasn't yet said anything publicly.
Tom hasn't said anything publicly yet.
Tom hasn't yet seen much of the world.
Tom hasn't seen much of the world yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped him.
Tom hasn't told me who helped him yet.
Tom is a lot smarter than anybody else.
Tom is a lot smarter than anyone else.
Tom is able to do that better than I am.
Tom is able to do that better than me.
Tom is about three years older than Mary is.
Tom is better able to do that than I am.
Tom is better able to do that than me.
Tom is going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is much older than he says he is.
Tom is a lot older than he says he is.
Tom is now preparing to go to college.
Tom is preparing to go to college now.
Tom is the one planning to do that.
Tom is the one planning on doing that.
The person who wants to do that is Tom.
Tom is trying to protect his kids.
Tom is trying to protect his children.
Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary has done.
Tom is unaware of what Mary is doing.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom is way more experienced than me.
Tom isn't very good at doing that yet.
Tom isn't yet very good at doing that.
Tom likes doing that with his friends.
Tom likes to do that with his friends.
Tom may be interested in doing that.
Tom may be the first one to do that.
Tom might be the first one to do that.
Tom may talk with whoever he wants.
Tom may talk with whoever he wants to.
Tom moved here from Boston in 2013.
Tom moved from Boston to here in 2013.
Tom must've still been alive then.
Tom had to have still been alive then.
Tom passed away on October 20th, 2013.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be mad.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be angry.
Tom said Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary is probably still mad.
Tom said Mary is probably still angry.
Tom said Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom said everyone he knows does that.
Tom said everybody he knows does that.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom said he planned to do that on Monday.
Tom said he planned to do that Monday.
Tom said he should've done that by himself.
Tom said he should've done that alone.
Tom said he thought Mary was unhappy.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he thought he ought to do that.
Tom said he thought he should do that.
Tom said he was glad he did that.
Tom said he was glad that he did that.
Tom said he'd finish doing that by himself.
Tom said he'd finish doing that alone.
Tom said he's not planning on doing that.
Tom said he's not planning to do that.
Tom said it isn't yet time to do that.
Tom said it isn't time to do that yet.
Tom said no one else tried doing that.
Tom said nobody else tried doing that.
Tom said no one else tried to do that.
Tom said nobody else tried to do that.
Tom said that he plays the flute, too.
Tom said that he also plays the flute.
Tom says Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom says Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom says everyone he knows does that.
Tom says everybody he knows does that.
Tom says he can't prove that Mary did that.
Tom says he can't prove Mary did that.
Tom says he didn't plan to do that.
Tom says he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom says he may not have to do that.
Tom says he might not have to do that.
Tom says he's not planning on doing that.
Tom says he's not planning to do that.
Tom says it's not too late to do that.
Tom says it isn't too late to do that.
Tom says no one has been arrested yet.
Tom says nobody has been arrested yet.
Tom says there weren't any teachers there.
Tom says there were no teachers there.
Tom should've never gotten that job.
Tom should never have gotten that job.
Tom showed me a picture of his car.
Tom showed a picture of his car to me.
Tom tried hard to calm everyone down.
Tom tried hard to calm everybody down.
Tom will be anxious to do that.
Tom is going to be anxious to do that.
Tom will be here all afternoon.
Tom is going to be here all afternoon.
Tom will be very drunk by 2:30.
Tom is going to be very drunk by 2:30.
Tom will have to be here a lot.
Tom is going to have to be here a lot.
Tom will watch TV after dinner.
Tom is going to watch TV after dinner.
Tom won't likely try to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely try to do that alone.
Tom would like it if somebody did that.
Tom would like it if someone did that.
We're planning to do that tomorrow.
We're planning on doing that tomorrow.
We've done that several times already.
We've already done that several times.
You do that differently than Tom.
You do that differently than Tom does.
You're not allowed to do that anymore.
You aren't allowed to do that anymore.
"Has anyone done that?" "No, not yet."
"Has anybody done that?" "No, not yet."
All of Tom's children are able to speak French.
All of Tom's children can speak French.
Both Tom and Mary were in the audience.
Tom and Mary were both in the audience.
Do you think it's OK to do that?
Do you think it's all right to do that?
Does anybody in your class speak French?
Does anyone in your class speak French?
Doing that probably won't be hard.
Doing that probably won't be difficult.
Even if it rains, I plan to do that.
Even if it rains, I plan on doing that.
I don't make as much money as Tom.
I don't make as much money as Tom does.
I don't think Tom would still be mad.
I don't think Tom would still be angry.
I figured out how to do that on my own.
I figured out how to do that by myself.
I guess Tom has done that already.
I guess that Tom has done that already.
I knew doing that would make Tom mad.
I knew doing that would make Tom angry.
I know somebody who can do that for you.
I know someone who can do that for you.
I want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I want to follow in my dad's footsteps.
I wasn't really planning to do that.
I wasn't really planning on doing that.
I wish I hadn't let Tom do that.
I wish I hadn't allowed Tom to do that.
I wonder what Tom is planning on doing.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
I've decided never to do that again.
I've decided not to ever do that again.
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't do that either.
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't do that, neither will I.
It may cause problems if you do that.
It might cause problems if you do that.
It would be hard to do that again.
It would be difficult to do that again.
It's going to be hard to beat Tom.
It's going to be difficult to beat Tom.
My girlfriend knitted me a sweater.
My girlfriend knitted a sweater for me.
No one I know really enjoys doing that.
Nobody I know really enjoys doing that.
Somebody will probably do that tomorrow.
Someone will probably do that tomorrow.
The building hasn't yet been evacuated.
The building hasn't been evacuated yet.
The one who did that yesterday was Tom.
Tom was the one who did that yesterday.
The person who's doing that now is Tom.
There isn't enough time to do that now.
There's not enough time to do that now.
Tom and I are both wearing black today.
Both Tom and I are wearing black today.
Tom and I are cleaning up the mess now.
Tom and I are now cleaning up the mess.
Tom and I both don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and I don't know how to drive.
Tom and I both like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and I like riding motorcycles.
Tom and I both live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and I live and work in Boston.
Tom and I both ran for class president.
Both Tom and I ran for class president.
Tom and I plan to get married soon.
Tom and I plan on getting married soon.
Tom and I were both at home last night.
Both Tom and I were at home last night.
Tom and Mary both have never done that.
Both Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom answered none of our questions.
Tom didn't answer any of our questions.
Tom came after everyone else had left.
Tom came after everybody else had left.
Tom can do that far better than I can.
Tom can do that much better than I can.
Tom can do that, but Mary can't.
Tom is able to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom isn't able to swim as well as Mary.
Tom couldn't get Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to do that.
Tom did that without consulting anybody.
Tom did that without consulting anyone.
Tom didn't have much time to spare.
Tom didn't have a lot of time to spare.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance to.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance.
Tom doesn't have anybody to advise him.
Tom doesn't think anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone could do that.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary does.
Tom found it hard to be impartial.
Tom found it difficult to be impartial.
Tom had a very hard time adapting.
Tom had a very difficult time adapting.
Tom had no problems with Mary.
Tom didn't have any problems with Mary.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to buy.
Tom has lots of things he needs to buy.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to buy.
Tom has lots of things he wants to buy.
Tom has been doing that a lot lately.
Tom has been doing that a lot recently.
Tom has been here since he was a kid.
Tom has been here since he was a child.
Tom has been in Boston a few years.
Tom has been in Boston for a few years.
Tom has no idea who did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who did that.
Tom has no reason to do that.
Tom doesn't have any reason to do that.
Tom has tried to do that several times.
Tom has tried several times to do that.
Tom hasn't done that as far as I know.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't done that.
Tom hasn't yet asked a single question.
Tom hasn't asked a single question yet.
Tom hasn't yet asked even one question.
Tom hasn't asked even one question yet.
Tom hasn't yet had a chance to do that.
Tom hasn't had a chance to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he did that.
Tom hasn't told me why he did that yet.
Tom helps anyone that asks him for help.
Tom is a lot older than you think he is.
Tom is much older than you think he is.
Tom is a much better drummer than me.
Tom is a much better drummer than I am.
Tom is also a pretty good chess player.
Tom is a pretty good chess player, too.
Tom is going to be able to do that eventually.
Tom will be able to do that eventually.
Tom will eventually be able to do that.
Tom is going to be very relieved to hear that.
Tom will be very relieved to hear that.
Tom is going to eventually be able to do that.
Tom is going to get suspicious if you do that.
Tom will get suspicious if you do that.
Tom is lucky that he's still able to do that.
Tom is lucky that he can still do that.
Tom is now learning to ride a tricycle.
Tom is learning to ride a tricycle now.
Tom is still learning everyone's name.
Tom is still learning everybody's name.
Tom is the guy that helped Mary do that.
Tom is the guy who helped Mary do that.
Tom is too young to do that alone.
Tom is unaware of what he needs to do.
Tom isn't aware of what he needs to do.
Tom is unlikely to ever do that again.
Tom isn't likely to ever do that again.
Tom isn't the one that needs to do that.
Tom isn't the one who needs to do that.
Tom isn't yet strong enough to do that.
Tom isn't strong enough yet to do that.
Tom may be amused by what's going on.
Tom might be amused by what's going on.
Tom may be through doing that by now.
Tom might be through doing that by now.
Tom may be troubled by what happened.
Tom might be troubled by what happened.
Tom may be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom might be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom might know where Mary was last night.
Tom may know where Mary was last night.
Tom might know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom may know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom might know why Mary wants do to that.
Tom may know why Mary wants do to that.
Tom might never be able to do that again.
Tom may never be able to do that again.
Tom obviously doesn't like doing that.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom obviously doesn't want to do that.
Obviously, Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said Mary could've done that alone.
Tom said Mary could've done that on her own.
Tom said Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be mad.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be angry.
Tom said Mary's not allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said everyone would have to leave.
Tom said everybody would have to leave.
Tom said he did nothing illegal.
Tom said he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom said he hasn't yet seen that video.
Tom said he hasn't seen that video yet.
Tom said he isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said he's not permitted to do that.
Tom said he plans on doing that on Monday.
Tom said he plans on doing that Monday.
Tom said he plans to stay in Boston.
Tom said he plans on staying in Boston.
Tom said he's already done all of that.
Tom said he's done all of that already.
Tom said no one else wanted to do that.
Tom said nobody else wanted to do that.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom says he isn't the one who did that.
Tom says that he needs to do that as well.
Tom says that he also needs to do that.
Tom says that he needs to do that, too.
Tom says that he wants to do that as well.
Tom says that he also wants to do that.
Tom says that he wants to do that, too.
Tom says you may not have to do that.
Tom says you might not have to do that.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anybody.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anyone.
Tom told Mary he would never do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever do that.
Tom usually doesn't do that by himself.
Tom will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be here this afternoon.
Tom will be too busy to do that.
Tom is going to be too busy to do that.
Tom will do that this afternoon.
Tom is going to do that this afternoon.
Tom will likely get angry if you do that.
Tom will likely get mad if you do that.
Tom will need a bigger suitcase.
Tom is going to need a bigger suitcase.
Tom will unlikely need to do that today.
Tom won't likely need to do that today.
Tom won't let you do that anymore.
Tom won't allow you to do that anymore.
Tom's contract expires October 20th.
Tom's contract expires on October 20th.
We could do that if we had more money.
If we had more money, we could do that.
We're not permitted to do that anymore.
We aren't permitted to do that anymore.
Were you also late for class yesterday?
Were you late for class yesterday, too?
Why aren't we allowed to do that here?
Why are we not allowed to do that here?
You can't let Tom do that anymore.
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.
You didn't know anyone there, did you?
You didn't know anybody there, did you?
You do that a lot better than Tom.
You do that a lot better than Tom does.
You're three years younger than Tom is.
Both Tom and I are high school students.
Tom and I are both high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are still not married.
Tom and Mary are both still not married.
Has anyone objected to your doing that?
Has anybody objected to your doing that?
I can't do that any better than you.
I can't do that any better than you can.
I didn't let Tom do what he wanted to do.
I didn't allow Tom to do what he wanted.
I didn't let Tom do what he wanted.
I don't have time right now to help you.
I don't much feel like doing that today.
I don't feel much like doing that today.
I don't think Tom would like doing that.
I expect that everybody will do that tomorrow.
I expect everyone will do that tomorrow.
I expect that everyone will do that tomorrow.
I have no idea how we'll do that.
I don't have any idea how we'll do that.
I haven't done that since I was a kid.
I haven't done that since I was a child.
I know nothing about this matter.
I don't know anything about this matter.
I know you'd never let Tom do that.
I know you'd never allow Tom to do that.
I may not be able to do that tomorrow.
I might not be able to do that tomorrow.
I never would've let Tom do that.
I thought Tom wasn't angry at you anymore.
I thought Tom wasn't mad at you anymore.
I want to be treated like everybody else.
I want to be treated like everyone else.
I wonder if Tom is as stingy as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as stingy as Mary is.
I wonder if Tom is smarter than Mary.
I wonder if Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I'm convinced that'll eventually happen.
I'm convinced that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure Tom will let Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I'm sure that that'll eventually happen.
If Tom did that, it wouldn't surprise me.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom did that.
Is it true that Tom plans to do that?
Is it true that Tom plans on doing that?
It looks like Tom has already done that.
It looks like Tom has done that already.
Mary is just as beautiful as her mother is.
My parents let me do anything I want to do.
My parents let me do anything I want.
Next week, we'll buy a new car.
Next week, we're going to buy a new car.
No one said it would be easy to do that.
Nobody said it would be easy to do that.
Please find out what Tom plans to do.
Please find out what Tom plans on doing.
That was harder than I expected.
That was more difficult than I expected.
There's no doubt that Tom did that.
There isn't any doubt that Tom did that.
There's no need for Tom to do that.
There isn't any need for Tom to do that.
Tom also needs to buy a ticket for Mary.
Tom needs to buy a ticket for Mary, too.
Tom and I are both able to speak French.
Both Tom and I are able to speak French.
Tom and I both enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and I enjoy playing volleyball.
Tom and I both have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and I have quite a few friends.
Tom and I both prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and I prefer watching comedies.
Tom and I didn't have a lot of time to talk.
Tom and I didn't have much time to talk.
Tom and I met in Boston three years ago.
Tom and I met three years ago in Boston.
Tom and I were both in Boston last week.
Both Tom and I were in Boston last week.
Tom and I were both wearing black coats.
Both Tom and I were wearing black coats.
Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
Tom can do so much better then Mary.
Tom can do so much better then Mary can.
Tom can do that a lot better than I can.
Tom did that because everyone else did.
Tom did that because everybody else did.
Tom did that while I was still asleep.
Tom did that while I was still sleeping.
Tom didn't believe anybody would do that.
Tom didn't believe anyone would do that.
Tom does things I can't do.
Tom does things that I'm not able to do.
Tom doesn't know anybody who can do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone who can do that.
Tom doesn't like to listen to the radio.
Tom doesn't like listening to the radio.
Tom doesn't speak unless spoken to.
Tom doesn't speak unless he's spoken to.
Tom drinks twice as much as Mary.
Tom drinks twice as much as Mary does.
Tom drives much faster than Mary drives.
Tom gave the key to me and I still have it.
Tom gave me the key and I still have it.
Tom has already asked me not to do that.
Tom has asked me not to do that already.
Tom has already done that many times.
Tom has already done that lots of times.
Tom has been in Boston about a week.
Tom has been in Boston for about a week.
Tom has known Mary since he was a kid.
Tom has known Mary since he was a child.
Tom has never had a problem with anybody.
Tom has never had a problem with anyone.
Tom has no idea where Mary is.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is.
Tom has no trouble doing that.
Tom doesn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom has to be difficult to get along with.
Tom must be difficult to get along with.
Tom hasn't yet responded to our request.
Tom hasn't responded to our request yet.
Tom hasn't yet said what he plans to do.
Tom hasn't said what he plans to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he might do.
Tom hasn't told us what he might do yet.
Tom helps anybody that asks him for help.
Tom helps anybody who asks him for help.
Tom hired Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom is about three years younger than Mary.
Tom is about three years younger than Mary is.
Tom is going to be surprised if Mary does that.
Tom will be surprised if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very tired after doing that.
Tom will be very tired after doing that.
Tom is in better physical shape than I am.
Tom is in better physical shape than me.
Tom is lucky they still allow him to do that.
Tom is lucky they still let him do that.
Tom is much younger than he says he is.
Tom is a lot younger than he says he is.
Tom is the person who needs to do that.
Tom is the person that needs to do that.
Tom is the person that wants to do that.
Tom isn't old enough to live alone.
Tom isn't old enough to live by himself.
Tom isn't old enough to live on his own.
Tom knows that I'm not afraid of anyone.
Tom knows how to do that better than I do.
Tom knows how to do that better than me.
Tom knows that I'm not afraid of anybody.
Tom looks much older than he really is.
Tom may be present at today's meeting.
Tom might be present at today's meeting.
Tom may not come to the party tonight.
Tom might not come to the party tonight.
Tom might not know where Mary plans to go.
Tom may not know where Mary plans to go.
Tom needs to buy a ticket for Mary as well.
Tom probably doesn't yet know the rules.
Tom probably doesn't know the rules yet.
Tom put everything back in the garage.
Tom put everything back into the garage.
Tom said Mary should never have done that.
Tom said Mary should've never done that.
Tom said Mary should've done that by herself.
Tom said Mary should've done that alone.
Tom said everyone he knows can do that.
Tom said everybody he knows can do that.
Tom said he didn't like to do that.
Tom said he didn't like doing that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom said he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom said he hasn't yet done any of that.
Tom said he hasn't done any of that yet.
Tom said he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom said he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom said he was glad Mary did that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary did that.
Tom said he was going to allow us to do that.
Tom said he was going to let us do that.
Tom said he wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he's not in any hurry to leave.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry to leave.
Tom said he's not making a lot of money.
Tom said he isn't making a lot of money.
Tom said he's not sure Mary can do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary can do that.
Tom said that he didn't have a lot of money.
Tom said that he didn't have much money.
Tom said that he likes hanging out with Mary.
Tom said he likes hanging out with Mary.
Tom said that's not his biggest concern.
Tom said that isn't his biggest concern.
Tom said that's not his biggest problem.
Tom said that isn't his biggest problem.
Tom says Mary may not have to do that.
Tom says Mary might not have to do that.
Tom says everyone he knows can do that.
Tom says everybody he knows can do that.
Tom says he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom says he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom says he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom says he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think it's possible.
Tom says he was unaware of that policy.
Tom says he wasn't aware of that policy.
Tom should never have been let out prison.
Tom never should've been let out prison.
Tom surprised everybody when he did that.
Tom surprised everyone when he did that.
Tom used to do that when he was a kid.
Tom used to do that when he was a child.
Tom wants to know what we plan to do.
Tom wants to know what we plan on doing.
Tom will be too tired to do that.
Tom is going to be too tired to do that.
Tom will be unable to do that in an hour.
Tom won't be able to do that in an hour.
Tom will probably let Mary do that.
Tom will probably allow Mary to do that.
Tom will try doing that again next year.
Tom will try to do that again next year.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that alone.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that alone.
Tom won't be able to do that alone.
Tom won't do that if it isn't necessary.
Tom won't do that if it's not necessary.
Tom won't ever be able to do that again.
We just stayed in Boston for three days.
We stayed in Boston for just three days.
We may live in Boston for a few years.
We might live in Boston for a few years.
You look as if you haven't eaten in days.
You look like you haven't eaten in days.
You're not permitted to do that anymore.
You aren't permitted to do that anymore.
As far as I know, Tom has never done that.
Tom has never done that as far as I know.
Both Tom and I are still studying French.
Tom and I are both still studying French.
Both Tom and I'll be busy this afternoon.
Tom and I'll both be busy this afternoon.
Doing that will likely be very hard.
Doing that will likely be very difficult.
Everybody here except me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except me has lived in Boston.
Everyone in the room did the same thing.
Everybody in the room did the same thing.
How many times do you plan to do that?
How many times do you plan on doing that?
I didn't think that what Tom said was true.
I thought that what Tom said wasn't true.
I don't have as many friends as Tom.
I don't have as many friends as Tom does.
I don't speak French as well as Tom.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think it would be ethical to do that.
I think it would be unethical to do that.
I expect everybody will do that tomorrow.
I had no opportunity to do that.
I didn't have any opportunity to do that.
I haven't yet finished reading this book.
I haven't finished reading this book yet.
I live in the same dormitory as Tom does.
I may teach French in Boston next year.
I might teach French in Boston next year.
I plan to stay at home all day Monday.
I plan on staying at home all day Monday.
I think Tom already knows how to do that.
I think Tom knows how to do that already.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary.
I think Tom could be tempted to do that.
Tom could be tempted to do that, I think.
I think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I think it might be hard to do that.
I think it might be difficult to do that.
I think it won't be hard to do that.
I think it won't be difficult to do that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like doing that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like to do that.
I'll call you as soon as I arrive in Boston.
I've been doing that since I was a kid.
I've been doing that since I was a child.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom has.
Is there anybody else you need to talk to?
Is there anyone else you need to talk to?
Is there anybody else you want to talk to?
Is there anyone else you want to talk to?
It may cause problems if Tom does that.
It might cause problems if Tom does that.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after.
Someone seems to have done that already.
Somebody seems to have done that already.
The only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
The only one here who can do that is Tom.
The person who did that yesterday was Tom.
Tom is the person who did that yesterday.
Tom and I are going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I'll be going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I are going to be here for a few more days.
Tom and I'll be here for a few more days.
Tom and I both ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and I ordered the lunch special.
Tom and I both stood up at the same time.
Both Tom and I stood up at the same time.
Tom and I can both play chess quite well.
Both Tom and I can play chess quite well.
Tom and Mary both died in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary died in their thirties.
Tom can cook better than his wife.
Tom is able to cook better than his wife.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom doesn't yet have to worry about that.
Tom doesn't have to worry about that yet.
Tom had a very hard time doing that.
Tom had a very difficult time doing that.
Tom has already done that a lot of times.
Tom has been doing that about a week.
Tom has been doing that for about a week.
Tom has been gone for nearly three years.
Tom has been gone for almost three years.
Tom has thanked everyone for their help.
Tom has thanked everybody for their help.
Tom has twice as many books as Mary.
Tom has twice as many books as Mary does.
Tom hasn't admitted yet that he did that.
Tom hasn't admitted that he did that yet.
Tom hasn't yet admitted that he did that.
Tom hasn't yet been charged with a crime.
Tom hasn't been charged with a crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he has to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he has to do yet.
Tom is a much better bass player than I am.
Tom is a much better bass player than me.
Tom is a much better driver than you.
Tom is a much better driver than you are.
Tom is a much faster driver than Mary.
Tom is a much faster driver than Mary is.
Tom is already pretty good at doing that.
Tom is pretty good at doing that already.
Tom is aware it's not always easy to win.
Tom is aware it isn't always easy to win.
Tom is likely to be smarter than Mary.
Tom is likely to be smarter than Mary is.
Tom is planning to go again next year.
Tom is planning on going again next year.
Tom is the person who drew this picture.
Tom is the person that drew this picture.
Tom isn't someone you can easily replace.
Tom isn't someone you can replace easily.
Tom knows nothing about the plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about the plan.
Tom lets Mary do anything she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do anything she wants.
Tom lets Mary do anything she wants.
Tom allows Mary to do whatever she wants.
Tom lets Mary do whatever she wants.
Tom likes the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of music as Mary.
Tom makes us breakfast every morning.
Tom makes breakfast for us every morning.
Tom may be difficult to get along with.
Tom might be difficult to get along with.
Tom may have been in Boston last weekend.
Tom might've been in Boston last weekend.
Tom might've told Mary about what we did.
Tom may have told Mary about what we did.
Tom obviously needs someone to help him.
Tom obviously needs somebody to help him.
Tom said Mary isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary's not permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said doing that may be a good idea.
Tom said doing that might be a good idea.
Tom said doing that may cause problems.
Tom said doing that might cause problems.
Tom said he planned on doing that on Monday.
Tom said he planned on doing that Monday.
Tom said he was unaware of any problems.
Tom said he wasn't aware of any problems.
Tom said he'd like to borrow a few books.
Tom said he wanted to borrow a few books.
Tom said he'd try doing that again later.
Tom said he'd try to do that again later.
Tom said no one had asked him to do that.
Tom said nobody had asked him to do that.
Tom said that he plays the flute as well.
Tom said that life can be very hard.
Tom said that life can be very difficult.
Tom says that he can prove Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't even like doing that.
Tom says he doesn't even like to do that.
Tom says he isn't planning on doing that.
Tom says that he can prove that Mary did that.
Tom sent me this postcard from Boston.
Tom sent this postcard to me from Boston.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told to.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned to.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom told Mary he would never leave her.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever leave her.
Tom usually doesn't get what he asks for.
Tom doesn't usually get what he asks for.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary does.
Tom will be ready to do that soon.
Tom is going to be ready to do that soon.
Tom will be too scared to do that.
Tom is going to be too scared to do that.
Tom will be very glad he did that.
Tom is going to be very glad he did that.
Tom will give Mary another chance.
Tom is going to give Mary another chance.
Tom will need more time than that.
Tom is going to need more time than that.
Tom will never get the chance to do that.
Tom won't ever get the chance to do that.
Tom will try to help Mary do that.
Tom is going to try to help Mary do that.
Tom wondered why nobody did that anymore.
Tom wondered why no one did that anymore.
Tom wouldn't have let you do that.
Tom wouldn't have allowed you to do that.
We shouldn't have let you do that.
We shouldn't have allowed you to do that.
Whether it's raining or not, I'll do that.
I'll do that whether it's raining or not.
Would you mind doing that somewhere else?
Would you mind doing that someplace else?
You didn't do that as well as I expected.
Both Tom and I are professional musicians.
Tom and I are both professional musicians.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good singers.
Tom and Mary are both pretty good singers.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
Tom and Mary are both unlikely to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have pleaded not guilty.
Tom and Mary have both pleaded not guilty.
Doing that is likely to be very hard.
Doing that is likely to be very difficult.
Doing that won't likely be very hard.
Doing that won't likely be very difficult.
Everybody here except Tom has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but Tom has lived in Boston.
Everybody here but me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except Tom has lived in Boston.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do.
I don't know when Tom plans to do that.
I don't know when Tom plans on doing that.
I don't much feel like doing that anymore.
I don't feel much like doing that anymore.
I don't think I know anybody who does that.
I don't think I know anyone who does that.
I don't want to do that if it's illegal.
I don't want to do that if it isn't legal.
I don't want to do that if it's not legal.
I have to find someone to do that for me.
I have to find somebody to do that for me.
I have to pick up my kids at their school.
I have to pick my kids up at their school.
I know I have no chance of winning.
I know I don't have any chance of winning.
I know Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
I know Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
I never would've permitted Tom to do that.
I think Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I don't think Tom expected that to happen.
I think it might not be possible to do that.
I think it might be impossible to do that.
I thought that I told you to do that yesterday.
I thought I told you to do that yesterday.
I want to know whether you're going to do that.
I want to know if you're going to do that.
I wish I could do that as well as you can.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom so much money.
I wish I hadn't lent so much money to Tom.
I wonder if Tom would let me do that.
I wonder if Tom would allow me to do that.
I've been here a lot longer than you.
I've been here a lot longer than you have.
I've liked doing that since I was a kid.
I've liked doing that since I was a child.
It isn't going to be very difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be very hard to do that.
It probably won't be hard to do that.
It probably won't be difficult to do that.
My kids graduated from public schools.
My children graduated from public schools.
Recently, both Tom and Mary have been busy.
Tom and Mary have both been busy recently.
Tom and I are flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I'll be flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I are now discussing that problem.
Tom and I are discussing that problem now.
Tom and I are planning to get married.
Tom and I are planning on getting married.
Tom and I both want to know what happened.
Both Tom and I want to know what happened.
Tom and I did what we were supposed to.
Tom and I did what we were supposed to do.
Both Tom and I were pretty busy yesterday.
Tom couldn't send his son to school.
Tom wasn't able to send his son to school.
Tom didn't tell me he'd already done that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd done that already.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't allow his children to do that.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have a lot of teaching experience.
Tom encouraged everyone to do their best.
Tom encouraged everybody to do their best.
Tom had little to say on the matter.
Tom didn't have much to say on the matter.
Tom has a car, but he hardly ever uses it.
Tom has a hard decision ahead of him.
Tom has a difficult decision ahead of him.
Tom has a lot of things he has to do today.
Tom has lots of things he has to do today.
Tom has already been asked not to do that.
Tom has been asked not to do that already.
Tom has already persuaded Mary to do that.
Tom has persuaded Mary to do that already.
Tom has decided that he'll try doing that.
Tom has decided that he'll try to do that.
Tom has done nothing like this before.
Tom hasn't done anything like this before.
Tom has given everyone three apples each.
Tom has given everybody three apples each.
Tom has nothing to do with that.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with that.
Tom has probably already done that by now.
Tom has probably done that already by now.
Tom has told me he's not ready to do that.
Tom has told me he isn't ready to do that.
Tom hasn't been convicted of anything yet.
Tom hasn't yet been convicted of anything.
Tom hasn't bought everything he needs yet.
Tom hasn't yet bought everything he needs.
Tom hasn't done that yet as far as I know.
Tom hasn't yet done that as far as I know.
Tom hasn't yet spent much time doing that.
Tom hasn't spent much time doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he might do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he might do yet.
Tom is a better chess player than Mary.
Tom is a better chess player than Mary is.
Tom is a pretty good chess player as well.
Tom is celebrating his 30th birthday.
Tom is going to be very surprised if you do that.
Tom will be very surprised if you do that.
Tom is obviously not doing that very well.
Obviously, Tom isn't doing that very well.
Tom is obviously very excited about this.
Obviously, Tom is very excited about this.
Tom isn't planning on retiring anytime soon.
Tom isn't planning to retire anytime soon.
Tom knew he sometimes drank too much.
Tom knew that he sometimes drank too much.
Tom knows better than to allow Mary to do that.
Tom knows better than to let Mary do that.
Tom knows how to do that better than Mary does.
Tom knows how to do that better than Mary.
Tom likes the same kind of food I do.
Tom likes the same kind of food that I do.
Tom likes the same kind of movies as Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of movies as Mary.
Tom loved his kids more than anything.
Tom loved his children more than anything.
Tom might not be as rich as you think he is.
Tom may not be as rich as you think he is.
Tom might not be willing to do that for you.
Tom may not be willing to do that for you.
Tom might not know where Mary was last week.
Tom may not know where Mary was last week.
Tom might still be going to graduate school.
Tom may still be going to graduate school.
Tom obviously didn't know how to do that.
Obviously, Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom paid no attention to my advice.
Tom didn't pay any attention to my advice.
Tom plans to do that as soon as he can.
Tom plans on doing that as soon as he can.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said everybody he knows has a passport.
Tom said everyone he knows has a passport.
Tom said everyone he knows has done that.
Tom said everybody he knows has done that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom said he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what to do.
Tom said he hasn't decided what to do yet.
Tom said he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom said he immediately called the police.
Tom said he called the police immediately.
Tom said he was going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he was going to let Mary do that.
Tom said he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom said he wouldn't try doing that again.
Tom said he wouldn't try to do that again.
Tom said he's not in any hurry to do that.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom said that would probably never happen.
Tom said that probably would never happen.
Tom said you're a better singer than Mary is.
Tom said you're a better singer than Mary.
Tom says everyone he knows has done that.
Tom says everybody he knows has done that.
Tom says that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom says he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom says he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom says he's had three glasses of wine.
Tom says he's drunk three glasses of wine.
Tom shouldn't have let you do that.
Tom shouldn't have allowed you to do that.
Tom supposedly is very good at doing that.
Tom is supposedly very good at doing that.
Tom usually doesn't buy expensive clothes.
Tom doesn't usually buy expensive clothes.
Tom usually doesn't drink beer at parties.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer at parties.
Tom will be furious if you do that.
Tom is going to be furious if you do that.
Tom will be very happy he did that.
Tom is going to be very happy he did that.
Tom will be very important someday.
Tom is going to be very important someday.
Tom will be very impressed by that.
Tom is going to be very impressed by that.
Tom will be very sorry he did that.
Tom is going to be very sorry he did that.
Tom will explain why that happened.
Tom is going to explain why that happened.
Tom will get dirty if he does that.
Tom is going to get dirty if he does that.
Tom will give us what we asked for.
Tom is going to give us what we asked for.
Tom will have a hard time doing that.
Tom will have a difficult time doing that.
Tom will have to buy a new bicycle.
Tom is going to have to buy a new bicycle.
Tom will need more money than that.
Tom is going to need more money than that.
Tom will probably be scared of Mary's dog.
Tom will probably be afraid of Mary's dog.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not busy.
Tom will stop Mary from doing that.
Tom is going to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that today.
Tom won't likely be able to do that today.
Tom will unlikely want to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't likely want to do that tomorrow.
Tom's school has over 3,students.
Tom's school has more than 3,students.
Were you late for class yesterday as well?
"Do you do that often?" "No, not so often."
"Do you often do that?" "No, not so often."
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston.
Both Tom and I only work three days a week.
Tom and I both only work three days a week.
Both Tom and I work only three days a week.
Tom and I both work only three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary are waiting in the lobby.
Tom and Mary are both waiting in the lobby.
Do you think Tom would let us do that?
Do you think Tom would allow us to do that?
Do your parents still let you do that?
Do your parents still allow you to do that?
Doing that won't be as hard you think.
Doing that won't be as difficult you think.
Everybody here but Tom has lived in Boston.
How many times does Tom plan to do that?
How many times does Tom plan on doing that?
I don't have as much free time as Tom.
I don't have as much free time as Tom does.
I don't know what Tom is planning on doing.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom does.
I don't speak French as fluently as you.
I don't speak French as fluently as you do.
I have to find someone to help me do that.
I have to find somebody to help me do that.
I plan to do the same thing as Tom does.
I plan on doing the same thing as Tom does.
I think Tom was the last one to do that.
I think Tom was the last person to do that.
I think doing that wouldn't be much fun.
I don't think doing that would be much fun.
I think it might be unethical to do that.
I think it might not be ethical to do that.
I think it would be illegal to do that.
I don't think it would be legal to do that.
I think it's probably hard to do that.
I think it's probably difficult to do that.
I used to do that a lot when I was a kid.
I used to do that a lot when I was a child.
I want to know if you've done that already.
I want to know if you've already done that.
I'm looking for someone who speaks French.
I'm looking for somebody who speaks French.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd do that.
Tom would do that if he had a lot of money.
If Tom is going to do that, I won't do that.
I won't do that if Tom is going to do that.
That was the first time I tried doing that.
That was the first time I tried to do that.
That's a problem we haven't yet dealt with.
That's a problem we haven't dealt with yet.
Tom allows Mary to do what she wants to do.
Both Tom and I are a little busy right now.
Tom and I are both drinking the same thing.
Both Tom and I are drinking the same thing.
Tom and I'll be getting married in October.
Tom and I are planning to get divorced.
Tom and I are planning on getting divorced.
Tom and I both almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and I almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and I used to live on Park Street.
Tom bought drinks for everyone in the bar.
Tom bought drinks for everybody in the bar.
Tom can do that a lot better than Mary.
Tom can do that a lot better than Mary can.
Tom didn't know what Mary was so angry about.
Tom didn't know what Mary was so mad about.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for him.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for him.
Tom doesn't think he's going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll be able to do that.
Tom found it hard to remain impartial.
Tom found it difficult to remain impartial.
Tom had a really hard time doing that.
Tom had a really difficult time doing that.
Tom has a car, but he almost never uses it.
Tom has a lot of money, but he's not happy.
Tom has been my barber since I was a kid.
Tom has been my barber since I was a child.
Tom has no experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have any experience doing that.
Tom has no reason not to do that.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he has to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he has to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he needs to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't told us what he wants to do yet.
Tom is going to be surprised if you don't do that.
Tom will be surprised if you don't do that.
Tom is going to be very suspicious if you do that.
Tom will be very suspicious if you do that.
Tom is going to have to figure out how to do that.
Tom will have to figure out how to do that.
Tom is one of the world's richest men.
Tom is only trying to protect his kids.
Tom is only trying to protect his children.
Tom isn't as fast at doing that as Mary.
Tom isn't as fast at doing that as Mary is.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as Mary.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as Mary is.
Tom lent me all the money he had on him.
Tom lent all the money he had on him to me.
Tom let me know that he planned on doing that.
Tom let me know that he planned to do that.
Tom likes the same kind of music I do.
Tom likes the same kind of music that I do.
Tom may be gone by the time we get there.
Tom might be gone by the time we get there.
Tom may be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom might be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom might not be as happy as you think he is.
Tom may not be as happy as you think he is.
Tom might not be as smart as you think he is.
Tom may not be as smart as you think he is.
Tom might not know where Mary went to school.
Tom may not know where Mary went to school.
Tom obviously doesn't like Mary very much.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Tom paid no attention to my warning.
Tom didn't pay any attention to my warning.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be mad.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be angry.
Tom said Mary will unlikely have to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely have to do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely need to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely need to do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely want to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely want to do that.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said he wanted to try to do that again.
Tom said he wanted to try doing that again.
Tom said he wished he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished he'd given flowers to Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that by himself.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that alone.
Tom said he's not sure Mary has to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary has to do that.
Tom said he's not sure Mary should do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom said that he was glad he did that.
Tom said that he was glad that he did that.
Tom says that he can't prove Mary did that.
Tom says that he can't prove that Mary did that.
Tom sent Mary a message three hours ago.
Tom sent a message to Mary three hours ago.
Tom shook his head and said nothing.
Tom shook his head and didn't say anything.
Tom stared at Mary and said nothing.
Tom stared at Mary and didn't say anything.
Tom thinks some of his friends might do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may do that.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan to do that.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom usually doesn't do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't usually do that in the morning.
Tom will be sorry he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be sorry he didn't do that.
Tom will be very anxious to do that.
Tom is going to be very anxious to do that.
Tom will be very glad Mary did that.
Tom is going to be very glad Mary did that.
Tom will continue trying to do that.
Tom is going to continue trying to do that.
Tom will give us everything we need.
Tom is going to give us everything we need.
Tom will give us everything we want.
Tom is going to give us everything we want.
Tom will likely become annoyed if you do that.
Tom will likely get annoyed if you do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't tired.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not tired.
Tom will unlikely have to do that on Monday.
Tom won't likely have to do that on Monday.
Tom will unlikely have to do that this week.
Tom won't likely have to do that this week.
Tom will unlikely want to do that with Mary.
Tom won't likely want to do that with Mary.
Tom won't let you continue doing that.
Tom won't allow you to continue doing that.
Tom's house is across the street from my house.
Tom's house is across the street from mine.
You look as if you've lost your best friend.
You look like you've lost your best friend.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary are both pretty good at French.
Do you know whether Tom plans to do that?
Do you know whether Tom plans on doing that?
I don't play the mandolin as well as you.
I don't play the mandolin as well as you do.
I don't think Tom will do that again.
I don't think Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think there's anything I can do about that.
I think there's nothing I can do about that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be angry.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be mad.
I felt there was no need to do that.
I didn't feel there was any need to do that.
I haven't yet done that since I was a kid.
I haven't yet done that since I was a child.
I like the same kind of music that Tom likes.
I like the same kind of music that Tom does.
I live in the same neighborhood as Tom.
I live in the same neighborhood as Tom does.
I live in the same part of town as Tom.
I live in the same part of town as Tom does.
I think Tom does that better than Mary.
I think Tom does that better than Mary does.
I'm not going to let Tom do that again.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that again.
I'm not the only one here who's not married.
I'm not the only one here who isn't married.
If Tom doesn't do that, it would surprise me.
It would surprise me if Tom doesn't do that.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom were here.
It sounds like Tom is planning to do that.
Tom and I are planning to get a divorce.
Tom and I are planning on getting a divorce.
Both Tom and I don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and I enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom and I both feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and I feel the same way about that.
Tom and I were unable to help Mary do that.
Tom and I weren't able to help Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that together.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that together.
Tom began to do that when he was very young.
Tom began doing that when he was very young.
Tom did a lot more than what we asked him to.
Tom did much more than what we asked him to.
Tom did that only because everybody else did.
Tom did that only because everyone else did.
Tom didn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom doesn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll be able to do that.
Tom had nothing to say, so he left.
Tom didn't have anything to say, so he left.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to do today.
Tom has lots of things he needs to do today.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to do today.
Tom has lots of things he wants to do today.
Tom has hired Mary to take care of his children.
Tom has hired Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom has let his kids do that many times.
Tom has let his children do that many times.
Tom has more experience than everyone else.
Tom has more experience than everybody else.
Tom has no idea what Mary will do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary will do.
Tom has no idea where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is now.
Tom has no idea why that happened.
Tom doesn't have any idea why that happened.
Tom has no interest in art at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art at all.
Tom has no plans for next weekend.
Tom doesn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom has no trouble climbing trees.
Tom doesn't have any trouble climbing trees.
Tom doesn't have anything to complain about.
Tom has told me he's planning to do that.
Tom has told me he's planning on doing that.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she has to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she has to do yet.
Tom is as smart as anybody else in his class.
Tom is as smart as anyone else in his class.
Tom is much better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is much faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is the person who can make that happen.
Tom is the person that can make that happen.
Tom knows he sometimes drinks too much.
Tom knows that he sometimes drinks too much.
Tom left his children alone at home.
Tom left his children by themselves at home.
Tom likes the same kind of movies I do.
Tom likes the same kind of movies that I do.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anybody.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anyone.
Tom may be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom might be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom might know where Mary went to high school.
Tom may know where Mary went to high school.
Tom might not be as hungry as you think he is.
Tom may not be as hungry as you think he is.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom promised me he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that by herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that alone.
Tom said Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary won't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said he doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom said he doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said he had a hard time doing that.
Tom said he had a difficult time doing that.
Tom said he was glad he didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said he'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom said he wants go back to Boston someday.
Tom said he'd never want to do that alone.
Tom said he'd never want to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Tom said he'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Tom said he's had no trouble sleeping.
Tom said he hasn't had any trouble sleeping.
Tom said his family is now living in Boston.
Tom said his family is living in Boston now.
Tom says that he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom shut the book and turned off the lamp.
Tom closed the book and turned off the lamp.
Tom thinks Mary would be angry if he did that.
Tom thinks Mary would be mad if he did that.
Tom told Mary he wasn't having any fun.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't having any fun.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was biased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't biased.
Tom told Mary what he was planning to do.
Tom told Mary what he was planning on doing.
Tom will be very influential someday.
Tom is going to be very influential someday.
Tom will be very intoxicated by 2:30.
Tom is going to be very intoxicated by 2:30.
Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't hungry.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not hungry.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't sleepy.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not sleepy.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom will unlikely have to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely have to do that by himself.
Tom will unlikely need to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely need to do that by himself.
Tom will unlikely want to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely want to do that by himself.
Tom's friends knew Tom couldn't speak French.
Tom's friends knew he couldn't speak French.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine did.
Tom's suspension ended on October 20th.
Tom's suspension ended on October twentieth.
You don't seem to like to do that very much.
You don't seem to like doing that very much.
You knew everyone at the party, didn't you?
You knew everybody at the party, didn't you?
You're the only person who can help me now.
You're the only person that can help me now.
I didn't know why everybody was looking at me.
I didn't know why everyone was looking at me.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom.
I haven't yet told anyone what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I want to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I want to do.
I hear that Tom plans to do that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom plans on doing that tomorrow.
I plan to do the same thing that Tom does.
I plan on doing the same thing that Tom does.
I spent three times as much money as you spent.
I spent three times as much money as you did.
I think it might not be hard to do that.
I think it might not be difficult to do that.
I thought Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
I thought Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I'd like to do that now if it's OK with you.
If it's OK with you, I'd like to do that now.
I'm not going to let Tom do that to you.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that to you.
Is that really what you're planning to do?
Is that really what you're planning on doing?
It shouldn't be hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be difficult for you to do that.
It would be hard to do that by yourself.
It would be difficult to do that by yourself.
So far, no one has objected to my doing that.
So far, nobody has objected to my doing that.
That isn't the main reason I want to do that.
That's not the main reason I want to do that.
That isn't the only reason I want to do that.
That's not the only reason I want to do that.
There were no children in the park yesterday.
Tom and I are both old enough to know better.
Both Tom and I are old enough to know better.
Tom and I both shouted as loudly as we could.
Both Tom and I shouted as loudly as we could.
Tom and I were both shocked by what Mary did.
Both Tom and I were shocked by what Mary did.
Tom and Mary are planning on getting married.
Tom wasn't able find what he was looking for.
Tom has been here a lot longer than Mary.
Tom has been here a lot longer than Mary has.
Tom has decided to try doing that by himself.
Tom has decided to try to do that by himself.
Tom has no idea he's being ignored.
Tom doesn't have any idea he's being ignored.
Tom has no idea what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has done.
Tom has no idea what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary is doing.
Tom has no idea when Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary did that.
Tom has no idea who has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who has to do that.
Tom hasn't yet decided what he's going to do.
Tom hasn't decided what he's going to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he needs to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he wants to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he wants to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he has to do that.
Tom hasn't told me yet why he has to do that.
Tom is definitely not planning on doing that.
Tom is going to be very surprised if Mary does that.
Tom will be very surprised if Mary does that.
Tom isn't going to be back until the end of next week.
Tom won't be back until the end of next week.
Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom left his grandchildren a lot of money.
Tom left a lot of money to his grandchildren.
Tom likes doing that whenever he's in Boston.
Tom likes to do that whenever he's in Boston.
Tom must be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom has to be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom only did that because everyone else did.
Tom only did that because everybody else did.
Tom pulled out a book and started reading it.
Tom pulled out a book and started to read it.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have done that by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to do that.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what he'll do.
Tom said he hasn't decided what he'll do yet.
Tom said he shouldn't have walked home by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he'd try doing that again on Monday.
Tom said he'd try to do that again on Monday.
Tom said he's not sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said no one else was willing to help him.
Tom said nobody else was willing to help him.
Tom said that he was glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was glad that Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom should never have tried to do that alone.
Tom should never have tried doing that alone.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that by himself.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom told Mary that he was unsure what to do.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't sure what to do.
Tom wanted to do that, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
Tom is going to be doing that this afternoon.
Tom will be very desperate to do that.
Tom is going to be very desperate to do that.
Tom will be very reluctant to do that.
Tom is going to be very reluctant to do that.
Tom will give us what we've asked for.
Tom is going to give us what we've asked for.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom won't find anybody who'll do that for him.
Tom won't find anyone who'll do that for him.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom's parents were both born in Australia.
Both of Tom's parents were born in Australia.
We'll run out of money if we're not careful.
If we're not careful, we'll run out of money.
You shouldn't use someone else's toothbrush.
You shouldn't use somebody else's toothbrush.
Ask Tom if he has anyone to help him do that.
Ask Tom if he has anybody to help him do that.
Both Tom and I are still high school students.
Tom and I are both still high school students.
Do you really think it's hard to do that?
Do you really think it's difficult to do that?
Do you think it would be OK to do that?
Do you think it would be all right to do that?
Doing that was harder than I expected.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected.
Have you already talked to somebody about this?
Have you already talked to someone about this?
I can't believe you're planning to do that.
I can't believe you're planning on doing that.
I didn't allow Tom to do what he wanted to do.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom does.
I don't think I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think I know anyone who speaks French.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom was.
I haven't yet told anyone what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what we need to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we need to do.
I hope Tom isn't faster at doing that than I am.
I hope Tom isn't faster at doing that than me.
I remember going to Boston when I was a kid.
I remember going to Boston when I was a child.
I thought Tom was already finished doing that.
I thought Tom was finished doing that already.
I'm not going to let Tom do that anymore.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that anymore.
I've already found someone to do that for us.
I've already found somebody to do that for us.
Please find out what Tom is planning to do.
Please find out what Tom is planning on doing.
That isn't the main reason why Tom has to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom has to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom should do that.
There's no possibility of Tom doing that.
There isn't any possibility of Tom doing that.
Tom and I are planning to do that together.
Tom and I are planning on doing that together.
Tom and I both don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and I don't know how to speak French.
Tom and I both don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and I don't understand French at all.
Tom and I both left the room at the same time.
Both Tom and I left the room at the same time.
Tom and I both want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and I want to know why that happened.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary are planning on getting divorced.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anybody for help.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anyone for help.
Tom did that without asking for anybody's help.
Tom did that without asking for anyone's help.
Tom didn't think anybody would want to do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't like anyone and no one likes him.
Tom has already had plenty of time to do that.
Tom has had plenty of time to do that already.
Tom has no idea what Mary has to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has to do.
Tom has no idea what has to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what has to be done.
Tom has no idea what should be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what should be done.
Tom has no idea where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary did that.
Tom has no objection to our leaving.
Tom doesn't have any objection to our leaving.
Tom has no plans for his retirement.
Tom doesn't have any plans for his retirement.
Tom has nothing to do with the case.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with the case.
Tom hasn't told anyone what his last name is.
Tom hasn't told anybody what his last name is.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she needs to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she ought to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she ought to do yet.
Tom insisted he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom insisted he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary.
Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary is.
Tom is going to be surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is very different from anybody else I know.
Tom is very different from anyone else I know.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom must be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom must be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom only told people what they needed to know.
Tom told people only what they needed to know.
Tom said Mary is happy that she was able to do that.
Tom said Mary is happy that she could do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely have to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely have to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely need to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely need to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely want to do that.
Tom said everybody he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said everyone he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said everyone he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said everybody he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to help him.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to help him.
Tom said he didn't want to do that alone.
Tom said he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he expects his kids to be successful.
Tom said he expects his children to be successful.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said he thinks Mary can't do that.
Tom said he thinks Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said he was glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Tom said he's not in any hurry sell his house.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry sell his house.
Tom says everybody he knows has gone to Boston.
Tom says everyone he knows has gone to Boston.
Tom says everyone he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom says everybody he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom says he thinks that's not going to happen.
Tom says he thinks that isn't going to happen.
Tom says he's planning to attend our party.
Tom says he's planning on attending our party.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary did.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary did.
Tom should never have let Mary do that.
Tom should never have allowed Mary to do that.
Tom thinks Mary has probably not done that yet.
Tom thinks Mary probably hasn't done that yet.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a good idea.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom was able to do that without anybody's help.
Tom was able to do that without anyone's help.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try doing that.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try to do that.
Tom will be exhausted after doing that.
Tom is going to be exhausted after doing that.
Tom will be very angry if that happens.
Tom is going to be very angry if that happens.
Tom will be very happy if that happens.
Tom is going to be very happy if that happens.
Tom will be very upset if that happens.
Tom is going to be very upset if that happens.
Tom will figure out how to do that eventually.
Tom will need to study a little harder.
Tom is going to need to study a little harder.
Tom will never be given the chance to do that.
Tom won't ever be given the chance to do that.
Tom will unlikely need to do that anytime soon.
Tom won't likely need to do that anytime soon.
Tom won't find anybody who'll help him do that.
Tom won't find anyone who'll help him do that.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to buy.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on buying.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to do that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on doing that.
Although I don't want to do that, I have to.
Even though I don't want to do that, I have to.
Both Tom and Mary decided to enter the contest.
Tom and Mary both decided to enter the contest.
Do you remember your first teacher's name?
Do you remember the name of your first teacher?
Even though it was difficult, I was able to do that.
Even though it was hard, I was able to do that.
How many times have I asked you not to do that?
How many times have I asked you to not do that?
I don't have to do anything I don't want to.
I don't have to do anything I don't want to do.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think it would be hard to do that.
I don't think it would be difficult to do that.
I think it's probably not hard to do that.
I think it's probably not difficult to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody.
I want to know when you're planning on leaving.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be mad if you did that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be angry if you did that.
If you dislike doing that, then don't do it.
If you don't like doing that, then don't do it.
If you're not going to do that, I won't do that either.
If you're not going to do that, I won't either.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning to do that.
It'll probably be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be hard for you to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for you to do that.
Nobody told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
No one told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
Perhaps the only one here who can do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who can do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom had to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom had to do that.
Tom allows Mary to do anything she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
Both Tom and I were at John and Mary's wedding.
Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to.
Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
Tom began to write poems when he was very young.
Tom began writing poems when he was very young.
Tom didn't tell anyone what his last name was.
Tom didn't tell anybody what his last name was.
Tom didn't think anybody would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think anyone would enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.
Tom doesn't know anybody who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone would really do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody would really do that.
Tom had no desire to return to Boston.
Tom didn't have any desire to return to Boston.
Tom has been to Australia more times than Mary has.
Tom has been to Australia more times than Mary.
Tom has allowed his kids to do that many times.
Tom has no idea where Mary does that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary does that.
Tom has no idea who needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who needs to do that.
Tom has no idea who wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who wants to do that.
Tom has no intention of backing down.
Tom doesn't have any intention of backing down.
Tom has no interest in sports at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports at all.
Tom hasn't yet realized that he's made a mistake.
Tom hasn't realized that he's made a mistake yet.
Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is eating on the porch with everyone else.
Tom is eating on the porch with everybody else.
Tom knew I would do whatever he asked.
Tom knew I would do whatever he asked me to do.
Tom learned how to do that when he was a kid.
Tom learned how to do that when he was a child.
Tom likes the same kind of food Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of food that Mary does.
Tom may have done the same thing that Mary did.
Tom might've done the same thing that Mary did.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that alone.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that by herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that alone.
Tom said Mary would unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said everyone in his office speaks French.
Tom said everybody in his office speaks French.
Tom said he decided it was too hard to do.
Tom said he decided it was too difficult to do.
Tom said he didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom said he didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said he wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Tom said he wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't have a lot of money on him.
Tom said that he didn't have much money on him.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom said they wouldn't allow him to do that anymore.
Tom said they wouldn't let him do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help him.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help him.
Tom should never have tried doing that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that alone.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that alone.
Tom shouldn't have tried to do that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom takes the kids to school every morning.
Tom takes the children to school every morning.
Tom thinks Mary is finished doing that already.
Tom thinks Mary is already finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unhappy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was at home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't up.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was up.
Tom wants to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wants to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom will be very glad he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be very glad he didn't do that.
Tom will do that no matter what you say.
Tom is going to do that no matter what you say.
Tom will get very dirty if he does that.
Tom is going to get very dirty if he does that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be able to do that by himself.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to cook.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on cooking.
We did that a lot when we were children, didn't we?
We did that a lot when we were kids, didn't we?
When I was young, I went to church every Sunday.
I went to church every Sunday when I was young.
Whether Tom will do that or not is not important.
Whether Tom will do that or not is unimportant.
You don't let your kids do that, do you?
You don't let your children do that, do you?
You know they won't allow you to do that, don't you?
You know they won't let you do that, don't you?
Doing that would really be a lot of fun, I think.
I think doing that would really be a lot of fun.
I'm looking for someone who understands French.
I'm looking for somebody who understands French.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston very long.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston very long.
If Tom really had wanted to do that, he would have.
Tom would've done that if he'd really wanted to.
In this country, you're not permitted to do that.
You're not permitted to do that in this country.
Let's not do anything that might make Tom mad.
Let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:30.
Let's tentatively plan to meet tomorrow at 2:30.
Someone must've taken your umbrella by mistake.
Someone seems to have done that for us already.
Somebody seems to have done that for us already.
That isn't the main reason why Tom needs to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom needs to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom ought to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom ought to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom wants to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom wants to do that.
The best thing you can do now is to get some sleep.
The best thing you can do now is get some sleep.
Tom and I both didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and I didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Tom and I both started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I started talking at the same time.
Tom and I both wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom couldn't keep Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do keep Mary from doing that.
Tom couldn't stop Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do stop Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to tell Mary how he really felt.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one that did that.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary did.
Tom has a lot of money, but he's not very happy.
Tom has a lot of money, but he isn't very happy.
Tom has no idea what Mary needs to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary needs to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary plans to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary plans to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary's plans are.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's plans are.
Tom has no idea what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what needs to be done.
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
Tom has no interest in art whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art whatsoever.
Tom has told Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom has told Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he's supposed to do yet.
Tom hopes he can to do that next October.
Tom hopes he'll be able to do that next October.
Tom hopes to be able to do that next October.
Tom is celebrating his 30th birthday today.
Tom is celebrating his thirtieth birthday today.
Tom is going to be very mad if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very angry if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very surprised if you don't do that.
Tom will be very surprised if you don't do that.
Tom is looking for someone to teach him French.
Tom is looking for somebody to teach him French.
Tom is planning to go home right after lunch.
Tom is planning on going home right after lunch.
Tom let Mary know that he had already done that.
Tom let Mary know that he had done that already.
Tom let me know that he was planning on doing that.
Tom let me know that he was planning to do that.
Tom likes the same kind of music Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of music that Mary does.
Tom probably doesn't yet know much about Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know much about Boston yet.
Tom said doing that was more difficult than he expected.
Tom said doing that was harder than he expected.
Tom said doing that was more difficult than he thought it would be.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what needs to be done.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done yet.
Tom said he wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom said he wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said he was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said he was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he's already talked to Mary about that.
Tom said he's talked to Mary about that already.
Tom said he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said it isn't yet the right time to do that.
Tom said it isn't the right time to do that yet.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary likes doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary likes to do that.
Tom says he just couldn't let Mary do that.
Tom says he just couldn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's not possible to do that.
Tom says he thinks it isn't possible to do that.
Tom says that he isn't interested in doing that.
Tom says there were no children in the park.
Tom says there weren't any children in the park.
Tom seems to be unaware that Mary did that.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary did that.
Tom should be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom should be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom thought Mary wasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was mad.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't angry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't fat.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was fat.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't mad.
Tom told Mary that he was uncertain what to do.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't certain what to do.
Tom usually helps anyone who asks him for help.
Tom usually helps anybody who asks him for help.
Tom will be a great addition to our team.
Tom is going to be a great addition to our team.
Tom will be ready to do that by tomorrow.
Tom is going to be ready to do that by tomorrow.
Tom will be very happy he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be very happy he didn't do that.
Tom will be very hungry after doing that.
Tom is going to be very hungry after doing that.
Tom will do that as soon as he gets home.
Tom is going to do that as soon as he gets home.
Tom will give us everything we asked for.
Tom is going to give us everything we asked for.
Tom will stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom is going to stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom's friends knew that Tom was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew he was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew that he was having money problems.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants.
We haven't found a solution to that problem yet.
We haven't yet found a solution to that problem.
What are you planning to make for dinner?
What are you planning on making make for dinner?
You can save a lot of money if you buy in bulk.
If you buy in bulk, you can save a lot of money.
Doing that will be harder than you think.
Doing that will be more difficult than you think.
Don't you think it would be hard to do that?
Don't you think it would be difficult to do that?
How many times do are you planning to do that?
How many times do are you planning on doing that?
I don't have anyone to discuss my problems with.
I don't have anybody to discuss my problems with.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom would be interested in doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I hope Tom isn't quicker at doing that than me.
I hope Tom isn't quicker at doing that than I am.
I plan to do that tomorrow for the first time.
I plan on doing that tomorrow for the first time.
I think Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I don' think Tom expected to be here for so long.
I want to know whether you're going to do that or not.
I want to know if you're going to do that or not.
I've been told we're not allowed to do that here.
I've been told we aren't allowed to do that here.
It shouldn't be too hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be too difficult for you to do that.
It'll be impossible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It won't be possible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
Nobody seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
Sometimes Tom does that and sometimes he doesn't.
Tom sometimes does that and sometimes he doesn't.
That isn't the main reason why Tom shouldn't do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom and I both started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and I started laughing at the same time.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that together.
Tom could do that well when he was younger.
Tom was able to do that well when he was younger.
Tom could probably do that without anybody's help.
Tom could probably do that without anyone's help.
Tom did that at least as well as everyone else.
Tom did that at least as well as everybody else.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned to do that.
Tom doesn't trust anybody else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't trust anyone else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom had no trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom didn't have any trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had nothing to do with the accident.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the accident.
Tom has no idea what Mary's parents do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's parents do.
Tom has no idea when Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary will do that.
Tom isn't going to be very comfortable doing that.
Tom is going to be very uncomfortable doing that.
Tom likes the same kind of movies Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of movies that Mary does.
Tom might not be as busy today as he was yesterday.
Tom may not be as busy today as he was yesterday.
Tom promised me that he'd do that before he went home.
Tom promised me he'd do that before he went home.
Tom reached in his bag and pulled out an apple.
Tom reached into his bag and pulled out an apple.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that on her own.
Tom said Mary would unlikely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said he didn't want to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't want to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he had to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he had to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said he hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.
Tom said he hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom said he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's quicker at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said that he was glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that he didn't do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that this week.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that for us.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for us.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary had finished doing that already.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unafraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't afraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't busy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was busy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't cold.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was cold.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't done.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was done.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't home.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lazy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lazy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lost.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lost.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't nice.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was nice.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't weak.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was weak.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't well.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was well.
Tom will be very cranky if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very cranky if Mary does that.
Tom will be very interested in doing that.
Tom is going to be very interested in doing that.
Tom will be very thirsty after doing that.
Tom is going to be very thirsty after doing that.
Tom will tell Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom will tell Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom will try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom won't likely get here earlier than Mary.
Tom won't likely get here earlier than Mary does.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to swim that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on swimming that.
We're planning to do that tomorrow, aren't we?
We're planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't we?
You're not permitted to do that without a permit.
You aren't permitted to do that without a permit.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to want to do that.
Tom and Mary are both unlikely to want to do that.
I can't believe you aren't planning to do that.
I can't believe you aren't planning on doing that.
I couldn't do that last year, but I can now.
I wasn't able to do that last year, but I can now.
I don't think Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I doubt if something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt if something like that would make Tom mad.
I heard from Tom that Mary couldn't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary wasn't able to do that.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom does.
I might be the only person who knows how to do that.
I may be the only person who knows how to do that.
I think Tom won't be as angry as you think he'll be.
I think Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
I want to know when Tom is planning to do that.
I want to know when Tom is planning on doing that.
I want to know when you're planning on doing that.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston much longer.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston much longer.
I've been told we're not supposed to do that here.
I've been told we aren't supposed to do that here.
Perhaps the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom wanted to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom wanted to do that.
Tom always becomes very talkative when he's drinking.
Tom always gets very talkative when he's drinking.
Tom and I are both married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and I are married, but not to each other.
Tom and I did that together when we were kids.
Tom and I did that together when we were children.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that.
Tom asked if it would be OK if he did that.
Tom asked if it would be all right if he did that.
Tom can run faster than anyone else in his class.
Tom can run faster than anybody else in his class.
Tom doesn't see why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why anybody would want to do that.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary drank.
Tom has done what no one else has been able to do.
Tom has done what nobody else has been able to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary intends to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary intends to do.
Tom has no idea what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what he should be doing.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he's supposed to do yet.
Tom knows why Mary is planning to go to Boston.
Tom knows why Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom might not even have known about today's meeting.
Tom may not even have known about today's meeting.
Tom really does that much better than anybody else.
Tom really does that much better than anyone else.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that alone.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary is able to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what he has to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he has to do.
Tom sent Mary a text message just a minute ago.
Tom sent a text message to Mary just a minute ago.
Tom should never have tried to do that on his own.
Tom should never have tried doing that on his own.
Tom should never have tried to do that by himself.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was prepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unprepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't cute.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was cute.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't correct.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't alone.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was alone.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was angry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't awake.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was awake.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't bored.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was bored.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't broke.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was broke.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't drunk.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was drunk.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't friendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unfriendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lucky.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lucky.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't prepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't ready.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was ready.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't right.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was right.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't tired.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was tired.
Tom will be unable to finish doing that in an hour.
Tom won't be able to finish doing that in an hour.
Tom will be very furious if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very furious if Mary does that.
Tom will be very miserable if that happens.
Tom is going to be very miserable if that happens.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem alone.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants to do.
Are you sure that we'll get there before everybody else?
Are you sure we'll get there before everybody else?
Doing that was a lot harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was much harder than I expected it to be.
I thought you said you were planning to do that.
I thought you said you were planning on doing that.
I want to know where you're planning to do that.
I want to know where you're planning on doing that.
I've been told we're not permitted to do that here.
I've been told we aren't permitted to do that here.
It'll be difficult to determine what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to determine what caused the problem.
That isn't the main reason I don't want to do that.
That's not the main reason I don't want to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should've done that.
That isn't the main reason Tom should've done that.
That isn't the only reason I don't want to do that.
That's not the only reason I don't want to do that.
The only one here who can't do that is Tom.
The only one here who isn't able to do that is Tom.
There's no doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There isn't any doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There's no need to worry about that happening.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening.
Tom and I are planning to go to Boston together.
Tom and I are planning on going to Boston together.
Tom and I are planning to visit Boston together.
Tom and I are planning on visiting Boston together.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to.
Tom doesn't usually take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom usually doesn't take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom had a very hard time making friends there.
Tom had a very difficult time making friends there.
Tom has allowed his children to do that many times.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom has been doing that for over thirty years.
Tom has been doing that for more than thirty years.
Tom has no idea when Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary has to do that.
Tom has no idea who'll be at the meeting.
Tom doesn't have any idea who'll be at the meeting.
Tom has no interest in sports whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports whatsoever.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she's supposed to do yet.
Tom is going to be very surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be very surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom let me know that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom let me know that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom may be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom might be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom might not have enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom may not have enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom might not have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom may not have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did was illegal.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did wasn't legal.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how to read or write.
Tom probably doesn't know how to read or write yet.
Tom said Mary would probably not be able to do that.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that alone.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that by himself.
Tom said his parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do what he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do what he wants.
Tom said it was easier to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said it was easier to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was more difficult to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was harder to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was more difficult to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said that he was glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom says he doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary has done.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be angry at him.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be mad at him.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't absent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was absent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was afraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't asleep.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was asleep.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't honest.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was honest.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't hungry.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was hungry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lonely.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lonely.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't scared.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was scared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't sleepy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sleepy.
Tom usually doesn't do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom doesn't usually do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom will be very embarrassed if you do that.
Tom is going to be very embarrassed if you do that.
Tom will give us everything we've asked for.
Tom is going to give us everything we've asked for.
Tom will have a really hard time doing that.
Tom is going to have a really hard time doing that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom won't likely be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom would be impressed if you could do that.
Tom would be impressed if you were able to do that.
When did you first hear Tom had been arrested?
When did you first hear that Tom had been arrested?
You should make sure that you don't make Tom mad.
You're planning to do that tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't you?
Are you sure we'll get there before the others?
Are you sure that we'll get there before the others?
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I expected it to be.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
I didn't have enough money to buy Tom a present.
I didn't have enough money to buy a present for Tom.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that alone.
I want to know when you're planning to get here.
I want to know when you're planning on getting here.
It was a problem, but not one we couldn't solve.
It was a problem, but not one we weren't able solve.
It'll be difficult to figure out what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to figure out what caused the problem.
Perhaps the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom should've done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom should've done that.
The test wasn't as hard as I expected it to be.
The test wasn't as difficult as I expected it to be.
Tom and I are planning to go to Boston next fall.
Tom and I are planning on going to Boston next fall.
Both Tom and I came to Boston when we were children.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his kids.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his children.
Tom has already had plenty of time to get that done.
Tom has had plenty of time to get that done already.
Tom has no idea what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants him to do.
Tom hasn't let his kids do that very many times.
Tom hasn't let his children do that very many times.
Tom isn't the only one who's planning to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who's planning on doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet really know how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't really know how to do that yet.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that on her own.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that on her own.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Tom said he didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that this weekend.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that this weekend.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that alone.
Tom said he needed to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he needed to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said he wanted to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he wanted to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said last month that he was planning to retire.
Last month, Tom said that he was planning to retire.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he needs to do.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that on his own.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that on his own.
Tom still hasn't bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom still hasn't bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was undependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't pretty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was pretty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was correct.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unavailable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't available.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't impressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't dependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't jealous.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't married.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was married.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't nervous.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was nervous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't outside.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was outside.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't sincere.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sincere.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't thirsty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was thirsty.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't worried.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was worried.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom told me that he's uncertain what he should do.
Tom told me that he's not certain what he should do.
Tom will unlikely want to do that on a day like this.
Tom won't likely want to do that on a day like this.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we allowed Mary to do that.
What's the best birthday present you've ever received?
What's the best birthday present you've ever gotten?
When do you think the best time to do that would be?
When do you think would be the best time to do that?
Both Tom and I were absent from school all last week.
Tom and I both were absent from school all last week.
Do you really think it would be hard to do that?
Do you really think it would be difficult to do that?
Doing that was a lot harder than I thought it would be.
Doing that was much harder than I thought it would be.
Everybody but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
I think I must've done something that made Tom mad.
I think I must've done something that made Tom angry.
I think Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
Perhaps the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
This is the first time I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the first time I've ever seen anyone do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom didn't know that you were planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that you were planning on doing that.
Tom has no idea what Mary's dog looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's dog looks like.
Tom has no idea when Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary needs to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants to do that.
Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary.
Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary is.
Tom might have some problems we can help him deal with.
Tom may have some problems we can help him deal with.
Tom must've thought Mary already knew how to do that.
Tom must've thought Mary knew how to do that already.
Tom probably doesn't know what I'm planning to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what I'm planning on doing.
Tom said Mary is glad that she was able to do that for you.
Tom said Mary is glad that she could do that for you.
Tom said Mary wasn't as mad as he thought she'd be.
Tom said Mary wasn't as angry as he thought she'd be.
Tom said he only did that because everyone else did.
Tom said he only did that because everybody else did.
Tom said he plans to stay in Boston until October.
Tom said he plans on staying in Boston until October.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said it wasn't as difficult to do that as he expected.
Tom said it wasn't as hard to do that as he expected.
Tom said it wasn't as difficult to do that as he thought it would be.
Tom said no one else wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom said nobody else wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom started getting angry when Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad when Mary started doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't barefoot.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was barefoot.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't confused.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was confused.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was friendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't innocent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was innocent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't ticklish.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was ticklish.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't upstairs.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was upstairs.
Tom is going to do that first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom will likely be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom will likely be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom won't likely be as angry at Mary as he was at John.
Tom won't likely be as mad at Mary as he was at John.
Tom wondered what songs Mary was planning to sing.
Tom wondered what songs Mary was planning on singing.
Tom's parents are too strict to let him do that.
Tom's parents are too strict to allow him to do that.
What kind of food do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of food do you plan on having at the party?
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom mad.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom angry.
It would probably be hard to do that by yourself.
It would probably be difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom and I both stared at Mary without saying anything.
Both Tom and I stared at Mary without saying anything.
Tom can play the piano better than anybody else I know.
Tom can play the piano better than anyone else I know.
Tom has no idea what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary does for a living.
Tom has no idea where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary wants to do that.
Tom is likely to be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said he didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom said he didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said it's important that we help everyone we can.
Tom said it's important that we help everybody we can.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why we should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason we should do that.
Tom says he needs to find someone to do that for him.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to do that for him.
Tom says this is the first time he's tried doing that.
Tom says this is the first time he's tried to do that.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary hadn't yet done that.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary hadn't done that yet.
Tom seems to be unaware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be angry, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks Mary won't be mad, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks some of his friends might be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was retired yet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't yet retired.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be late.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be late.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't confident.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was confident.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't disgusted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disgusted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't retired yet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't surprised.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was surprised.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't terrified.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was terrified.
Tom told Mary that she should quit being so secretive.
Tom told Mary that she should stop being so secretive.
Tom will bake a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom won't likely be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom won't likely be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants to do.
Are you sure that we'll get there before everyone else?
Are you sure we'll get there before everyone else?
Doing that was harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected it to be.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom mad.
I might be the only one who really knows what's going on.
I may be the only one who really knows what's going on.
That isn't the main reason why Tom doesn't want to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom doesn't want to do that.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom didn't want to do that.
The question is how to say no without making Tom mad.
Tom and I both had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Both Tom and I had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom and I both turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and I turned around to see what was happening.
Tom and I have known each other since we were children.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone what his last name was.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody what his last name was.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him do that.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him do that.
Tom has been unable to attend church for three months.
Tom hasn't been able to attend church for three months.
Tom has no idea what Mary's house looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's house looks like.
Tom has no idea what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom doesn't have any idea what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom has no idea when Mary intends to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary intends to do that.
Tom learned he shouldn't do that from his parents.
Tom learned from his parents that he shouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as I do.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as me.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that on her own.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he wasn't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Tom said he wouldn't dream of letting Mary do that.
Tom said he wouldn't dream of allowing Mary to do that.
Tom said his parents let him do anything he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do anything he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do anything he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do whatever he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do whatever he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do whatever he wants.
Tom said that was the first time he'd tried doing that.
Tom said that was the first time he'd tried to do that.
Tom said the beach was nicer than he expected.
Tom said the beach was nicer than he expected it to be.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help him do that.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help him do that.
Tom says he thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he isn't going to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't beautiful.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was beautiful.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't downstairs.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was downstairs.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't frightened.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was frightened.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't interested.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was interested.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't suspicious.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was suspicious.
Tom told me that I'm better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that I'm better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me that I'm faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that I'm faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom will be very disappointed if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if Mary does that.
Tom will try to stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom is going to try to stop Mary from doing that again.
What kind of drinks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of drinks do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan on having at the party?
Do you really think it wouldn't be hard to do that?
Do you really think it wouldn't be difficult to do that?
Doing that wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think it'll be.
Everyone except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom has to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be faster at doing that than Mary.
I'm sure Tom won't be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Perhaps the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch as well.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch, too.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom ought to have done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom ought to have done that.
Tom and I did everything together when we were kids.
Tom and I did everything together when we were children.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that alone.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom didn't know that you weren't planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be angry even if he did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be mad even if he did that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as you do.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as you.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're planning to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're planning on doing.
Tom said doing that was harder than he thought it would be.
Tom said it's difficult to determine what caused the problem.
Tom said it's hard to determine what caused the problem.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary has to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary has to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he wants to do that.
Tom says he doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom says he doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom says this will be the last time he tries to do that.
Tom says this will be the last time he tries doing that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's not going to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he isn't going to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't attractive.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was attractive.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't discouraged.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was discouraged.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't embarrassed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was embarrassed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't heartbroken.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was heartbroken.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in his room.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in his room.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't unconscious.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was unconscious.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be angry.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be mad.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be mad.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be shy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be shy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be angry.
Tom told me that he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me that he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom will have a heart attack if he's not careful.
Tom is going to have a heart attack if he's not careful.
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston at least once.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston at least once.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom mad.
It probably wouldn't be hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be difficult to do that by yourself.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom shouldn't have done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom shouldn't have done that.
There's no need to worry about that happening again.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening again.
Tom and I have the same last name, but we aren't related.
Tom and I have the same last name, but we're not related.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would want to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary wants him to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants him to do that.
Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needs.
Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wants.
Tom may not have enough money to buy everything he wants.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary hasn't yet done that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary hasn't done that yet.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom probably doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks yet.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he understands why Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he understands why Mary may not want to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said his parents allow him to do what he wants to do.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why we shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason we shouldn't do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary had to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom should never have let you do that by yourself.
Tom should never have allowed you to do that by yourself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't been prudent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had been prudent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't disappointed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disappointed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be busy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be busy.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be deaf.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be deaf.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be hurt.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be hurt.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be poor.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be poor.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sick.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sick.
Tom will visit his parents in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to visit his parents in Boston next weekend.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to make for dinner.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on making for dinner.
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom never would've done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
You're planning to do that again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on doing that again tomorrow, aren't you?
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
I don't think there's any reason Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone about that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody about that.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake the baby up.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake up the baby.
Tom and I are planning to get married on October 20th.
Tom and I are planning on getting married on October 20th.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be allowed to do that or not.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she was going to go to Boston.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she was going to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has already done that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has done that already.
Tom said he knew they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said he knew they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said it wasn't as hard to do that as he thought it would be.
Tom said that he really did do that without anybody's help.
Tom said that he really did do that without anyone's help.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends might not be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may not be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in his office.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in his office.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be blind.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be blind.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be drunk.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be drunk.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be tired.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be tired.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be upset.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be upset.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a kid.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a child.
Tom would've never done that if Mary had asked him not to.
Tom never would've done that if Mary had asked him not to.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom does.
I'm fairly sure Tom didn't know Mary was older than him.
I'm fairly sure Tom didn't know Mary was older than he was.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who'll do that for us.
Tom has no idea when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he had already done that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he had done that already.
Tom may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as she could.
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as she was able to.
Tom said everyone he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said everybody he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said it was harder to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom says everyone he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom says everybody he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom should've been outside playing with the other kids.
Tom should've been outside playing with the other children.
Tom started getting angry the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be back soon.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be back soon.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be afraid.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be afraid.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be scared.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be scared.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sleepy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sleepy.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be stupid.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be stupid.
Tom told Mary that she's better at doing that than John.
Tom told Mary that she's better at doing that than John is.
Tom went to Boston because everybody else in his family did.
Tom went to Boston because everyone else in his family did.
Tom will be too weak to do that after his operation.
Tom is going to be too weak to do that after his operation.
Doing that was much more difficult than I expected it to be.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty years old.
I know that you and Tom are planning to do that together.
I know that you and Tom are planning on doing that together.
I thought someone would help Tom figure out how to do that.
I thought somebody would help Tom figure out how to do that.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning to make for dinner.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning on making for dinner.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be permitted to do that.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be permitted to do that or not.
Tom didn't realize that what he was doing mad Mary very angry.
Tom didn't realize that what he was doing mad Mary very mad.
Tom doesn't know anybody who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't know anyone who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who can do that for us.
Tom has been letting me borrow his bicycle every Monday.
Tom has been allowing me to borrow his bicycle every Monday.
Tom has been playing the clarinet for over three years.
Tom has been playing the clarinet for more than three years.
Tom has no idea where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom is likely to still be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is likely to still be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be hard.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be difficult.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't being sarcastic.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was being sarcastic.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't done doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was done doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't too old for her.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was too old for her.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be annoyed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be annoyed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be jealous.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be jealous.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be nervous.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be nervous.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be psychic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be psychic.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be thirsty.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be thirsty.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be wealthy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be wealthy.
Tom will be very hurt if you don't come to his party.
Tom is going to be very hurt if you don't come to his party.
Why didn't you need to be there by 2:like everyone else?
Why didn't you need to be there by 2:like everybody else?
About how many hours does it take to get to Boston from here?
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Boston?
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
I didn't think there was any reason we needed to do that.
I didn't think there was any reason why we needed to do that.
Tom and I are planning to go to a movie together tomorrow.
Tom and I are planning on going to a movie together tomorrow.
Tom is able to play the piano better than anybody else I know.
Tom is able to play the piano better than anyone else I know.
Tom is likely to still be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be quicker at doing that than Mary is.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom said his parents allow him to do anything he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom should be able to do that without anybody's help, I think.
Tom should be able to do that without anyone's help, I think.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be confused.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be confused.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be helpless.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be helpless.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be homeless.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be homeless.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be homesick.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be homesick.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be offended.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be offended.
Tom will be very disappointed if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if Mary doesn't do that.
Doing that was much more difficult than I thought it would be.
I couldn't do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
I wasn't able to do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he didn't want to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he didn't want to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary should've done that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary should've done that.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he's planning to do.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he's planning on doing.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be impressed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be impressed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be irritated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be irritated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be terrified.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be terrified.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he would.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he'd be able to.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone willing to do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for us.
Tom has no idea how many people will be at his party.
Tom doesn't have any idea how many people will be at his party.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't through doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was through doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be frightened.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be frightened.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be interested.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be interested.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be suspicious.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be suspicious.
Tom would be done doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be through doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be finished doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
We aren't talking about you. We're talking about someone else.
We're not talking about you. We're talking about somebody else.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think it'll be.
I plan to do that tomorrow for the first time in three years.
I plan on doing that tomorrow for the first time in three years.
It probably wouldn't have been hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning to give that to.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on giving that to.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sympathetic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sympathetic.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to do that like everybody else.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to do that like everyone else.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our kids Monday evening.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our children Monday evening.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning to do that with.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be bad at chess.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be bad at chess.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be disappointed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be disappointed.
Tom will be very sleepy if he stays up all night studying.
Tom is going to be very sleepy if he stays up all night studying.
I might be the only person who's willing to show you how to do that.
I may be the only person who's willing to show you how to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary is probably still better at doing that than John.
Tom said Mary is probably still better at doing that than John is.
Tom said Mary is probably still faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said Mary is probably still faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he isn't going to do that.
Tom will be very late if he does that before he comes here.
Tom is going to be very late if he does that before he comes here.
What made Tom mad wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
Tom might not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think he is.
Tom may not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think he is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said he may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said he might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be claustrophobic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be claustrophobic.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would've done that right the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to leave him.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't been tempted to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had been tempted to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was the last one to do that.
It may seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It might seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It probably wouldn't have been that hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been that difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom and I are planning to go swimming together tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and I are planning on going swimming together tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what Mary was planning to do.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was the first one to do that.
Tom will be very thirsty after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom is going to be very thirsty after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to go to Boston like everybody else.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to go to Boston like everyone else.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our kids Monday evening.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our children Monday evening.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't usually at home on Mondays.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was usually at home on Mondays.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be a bad chess player.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be a bad chess player.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't amused by what was going on.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was amused by what was going on.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everyone else had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everybody else had to do.
The only reason Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
Tom said he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be the next one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be the next one to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan to do that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan on doing that this afternoon.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be angry at Mary if there weren't a good reason to be.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be mad at Mary if there weren't a good reason to be.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to want to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everyone else needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everybody else needed to do.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be interested in doing that.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning on doing that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning to do that this afternoon.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everyone else in his family did.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anybody else to do it for him.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anyone else to do it for him.
Our fates are interwoven.
The moon doesn't shine on its own.
Did Tom actually go to Boston?
I tried to stay inside the house all day, but I ended up going outside and sitting in the garden.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that today.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be broke so often if he'd be a little more careful spending the money he earns.
Can Tom do that instead of me?
I had planned to stay in Boston all month, but something came up and I had to go to Chicago.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that again.
I didn't know what language Tom's friends were speaking, but I thought it sounded like French.
Boston is Tom's favorite city.
We had to speak French since that was the only language that some people in the group knew.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom would be bored at the art museum, but he seemed to really enjoy being there.
Ask Tom if he'll go to Boston.
I didn't know how long the leftover chicken had been in the refrigerator, so threw it away.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
You should probably tell Tom that he needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
"Where's Tom?" "He's at home."
After you finish reading that book, please put it back on the shelf where you found it.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that by himself.
We had to live in Boston for a while with Tom after our house was destroyed by the flood.
Your comments made Tom laugh.
I thought I could get to the airport on time if I drove a little over the speed limit.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that by himself.
I wondered how many times I'd have to ask Tom to clean his room before he finally did it.
You're a worse liar than Tom.
The boy that we met on the path who was carrying a fishing pole seemed very friendly.
I think Tom would go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
I wanted Tom to stay in Boston for a few days, but he said he had to get back to Chicago.
You're a lot bigger than Tom.
If you had done what you were supposed to do, there wouldn't have been any problems.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I wanted to show Tom how to do that, so next time he could do it and I wouldn't have to.
You poisoned Tom, didn't you?
I thought I could go to Boston last week, but I got sick and stayed in bed all week.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
"Do you still do that?" "Yes, I do." "How about Tom?" "No, Tom doesn't do that anymore."
You could get Tom to do that.
I didn't like living in the city, so I moved back to the small town where I grew up.
I should probably tell Tom that I don't want him to do that.
You should probably tell Tom that he has to be more careful the next time he does that.
You can't ask Tom to do that.
The day before yesterday we went to the opera, and yesterday we went to the ballet.
I should probably tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I didn't have my cell phone with me, so I couldn't call Tom to tell him I'd be late.
You and Tom agree, don't you?
I thought I was going to be able to afford to buy a house by the time I was thirty.
I ran as fast as I could, but Tom beat me by thirty seconds.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Would Tom do that on his own?
I didn't need to look at the menu because I already knew what I was going to order.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be embarrassed by that.
We didn't want Tom to understand what we were talking about, so we spoke in French.
Would Tom do that by himself?
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will ever do that.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to move the bookcase without our help.
Will Tom really go to Boston?
You didn't really think you were going to be able to do that by yourself, did you?
I don't think Tom will be able to do that without some help.
Did you know that Tom didn't start playing the guitar until he was thirty year old?
Will Tom be doing that again?
There's not much difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
I don't know who Tom has decided to give his old bicycle to.
Even though I was busy, I talked to Tom for about three hours yesterday afternoon.
Why would I buy that for Tom?
There's a lot of difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
I didn't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
"Are you going to do that?" "Yes, I will" "How about Tom?" "No, he won't do that."
Why would I be afraid of Tom?
I had some free time yesterday, so I spent some time in the park with my children.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know how to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be outside in this kind of weather if he didn't have to be.
Why is Tom afraid to do that?
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
I didn't sharpen Tom's pencils even though he'd asked me to.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to know that you really didn't want to do that.
Why did you make Tom do that?
Yesterday I should've done that, but since I didn't have time I gave up the idea.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to spend his summer vacation.
You should tell Tom that he needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
Who'll go to Boston with Tom?
All you have to do is just sit there and listen. You won't have to say anything.
I didn't know what to do with all the junk Tom had given me.
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours, did you?
Who told Tom to go to Boston?
You know better than to do that without asking for permission first, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom used to be pretty good at doing that.
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
Who gave Tom a glass of wine?
I don't understand French, but I get the feeling that they're talking about me.
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked Tom to show me how.
You should tell Tom that he has to be more careful the next time he does that.
Where did Tom go last summer?
I can't do that tomorrow. Would it be OK if we did that the day after tomorrow?
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted me to buy.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to move the piano without his help.
What you said made Tom smile.
Didn't you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
I didn't believe that Tom was capable of doing such a thing.
I hope they don't find out that Tom was the one responsible for what happened.
What you said made Tom laugh.
After cutting down the tree, we counted the growth rings to see how old it was.
I asked Tom this morning if he wanted to go jogging with me.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't have enough money to buy food for his family.
We should do as Tom suggests.
I've never throw away anything that I thought I might be able to use sometime.
How much more time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
We switched to French as soon as we realized Tom couldn't understand English.
We might speak French to Tom.
I don't have enough money to buy that house on Park Street that I want to buy.
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think this meeting were important.
We heard Tom speaking French.
I didn't have enough money to buy the car I wanted, so I bought a cheaper one.
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I didn't have as much trouble convincing Tom to do that as I thought I would.
We expect Tom to participate.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
How many more months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
This is a pie that Tom baked.
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I knew that Tom was a guitarist, but I'd never heard him play until tonight.
The only drummer here is Tom.
I was about to do that, but something came up and I didn't have a chance to.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
Tell Tom to do that tomorrow.
Did you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
Didn't you know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
Tell Tom not to do that here.
You didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You tried to convince Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
If I had known that Tom didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown him how.
Tell Tom he ought to do that.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
You should probably tell Tom why you don't want to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was planning to do that with.
Tell Tom he needs to do that.
Filling out this questionnaire should only take a few minutes of your time.
You seemed to be surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
You didn't seem to be surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
Please tell Tom not to leave.
"Do I have to do that?" "You don't have to, but it'd be better if you did."
You hope that Tom will teach you how to do that, don't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Perhaps Tom can speak French.
If we'd arrived a few minutes earlier, we could've found somewhere to sit.
You haven't yet told Tom why you need to do that, have you?
I didn't think that what Tom was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Maybe Tom will come tomorrow.
I've asked many people the same question and I always get the same answer.
You don't really care whether Tom likes you or not, do you?
Did you know that Tom wrote his first song when he was thirteen years old?
Maybe Tom is in the hospital.
I won't be able to do that by myself, so I need to ask someone to help me.
You don't know whether Tom needs to do that or not, do you?
You didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help you do that, did you?
Let Tom do whatever he wants.
I realize I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted him to do that, did you?
What Tom said was true at the time he said it, but it isn't true anymore.
Let Tom do anything he wants.
You weren't able to get everything done that needed to be done, were you?
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted me to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time he's supposed to be there tomorrow.
It's way past Tom's bed time.
That's the woman whose son was arrested yesterday in front of the school.
You didn't seem to be convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
It's good that Tom does that.
If there's a typhoon tomorrow, does that mean I don't have to go to work?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom had already done that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent the summer vacation.
It won't be easy to beat Tom.
I'd like to figure out how to deal with this problem as soon as possible.
You didn't really think Tom would like doing that, did you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
It was lucky Tom didn't do that.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
You didn't really think Tom would have to do that, did you?
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
It took Tom weeks to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
You didn't know that Tom was the one who did that, did you?
I thought Tom would be interested in the exhibit at the museum this week.
It looks like Tom is unhappy.
I don't let my children watch TV until after they've done their homework.
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that today, did you?
I think Tom wouldn't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was.
Is it true that Tom did that?
You didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
What makes you think Tom would be interested in doing that?
You told Tom I didn't want to wait until October to do that, didn't you?
Is Tom going to sing tonight?
My shirt was soaked with sweat, so I took it off and put on another one.
We didn't know whether Tom would want to go with us or not.
You should probably tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
Is Tom determined to do that?
I'm not surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
The last time I saw Tom he was feeding pigeons in the park.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I was going to do that the day before yesterday, but I didn't have time.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to pick the children up at school today.
I've never met Tom's parents.
I should've done that yesterday, but since I didn't have time, I didn't.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom has to do that.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom never seems to understand.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom.
I didn't know whether I should stay a little longer or leave right away.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom stayed in Boston all winter.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him not to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be scared.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that without my help.
I'm sure Tom won't be lonely.
The young boy playing the banjo in front of the train station was good.
I want to make sure we don't make the same mistake Tom did.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was going to do that with.
I'm sure Tom will be thirsty.
Thank you very much for the suggestion. I'll definitely think about it.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I think Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I'm sure Tom will be pleased.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I didn't think you could do it.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I suppose since Tom doesn't have any money, he won't be able to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be nervous.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things you had to do.
I think Tom wouldn't be ready if you got there before 2:30.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be jealous.
I tried speaking French to them, but they didn't seem to understand me.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't want him to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you didn't have to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be curious.
I thought you said you wanted to know who was going to help me do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be tomorrow afternoon.
You knew that Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom will be careful.
I spent a couple of hours sitting on a bench in the park feeding birds.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be through doing that.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom will be annoyed.
I know I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be tempted to do that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know how much you bought your house for.
I'm positive Tom can do that.
I hope you remember that tomorrow is the day we're supposed to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be frightened by that.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without his help.
I'm not sure what Tom bought.
I didn't do well enough on the driver's test to get a driver's license.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excited about that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I'm glad Tom is here to help.
You weren't able to get everything done that had to be done, were you?
I don't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I'll stay in Boston with Tom.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you not to do that.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I thought I should say something to Tom, but I didn't know what to say.
I'll help Tom clean his room.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I think Tom wouldn't be so grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I don't want to wear the shirt that my mother gave me for my birthday.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I think Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
I don't think Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I think Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I wonder if Tom will do that.
How often does you mother have you go to the supermarket to buy bread?
I don't think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will think it's a good idea to do that.
I wonder if Tom will be late.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that by herself.
I didn't think Tom would be so difficult to get along with.
I didn't feel like explaining why I didn't want to go camping with Tom.
I wonder if Tom is unmarried.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that by herself.
I didn't think Tom was interested in learning how to drive.
I became sleepy while listening to Tom telling a story to the children.
I wonder if Tom is skeptical.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
I didn't think I'd ever be able to convince Tom to do that.
Even though Tom and I go to the same school, I don't see him every day.
I wonder if Tom is satisfied.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning, did you?
I didn't tell Tom about the job I'd been offered in Boston.
You knew that Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is irritated.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
I didn't read any of the messages Tom sent to me yesterday.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without any help, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is incorrect.
When I was young, all the kids in the neighborhood used to fly kites.
I didn't know who Tom wanted to give the bottle of wine to.
You knew Tom was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is in Boston.
This morning's meeting was more interesting than I expected it to be.
I didn't know where I could buy a ticket for Tom's concert.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is impressed.
If you have time this afternoon, why don't you come over for a while?
I didn't know what to do when Tom said he wouldn't help me.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is exhausted.
I'd rather wear a T-shirt that's too large than one that's too small.
I didn't know exactly what it was that Tom wanted me to do.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is depressed.
I wouldn't have asked you for help if I could've done that by myself.
I didn't know Tom and you used to be married to each other.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
I wonder if Tom is dedicated.
I wouldn't be outside in this kind of weather if I didn't have to be.
I didn't have the time to do everything Tom asked me to do.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
I wonder if Tom is dangerous.
I would've told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I didn't expect Tom to be able to play the bassoon so well.
The old woman sitting in the passenger seat of Tom's car seemed crazy.
I wonder if Tom is confident.
I thought you'd be interested in the exhibit at the museum next week.
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Probably the reason Tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money.
I won't force Tom to do that.
I didn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard went on duty.
How many more weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him not to do that.
I wasn't the one who hit Tom.
I didn't know I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
How many more months will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it to him better.
I wasn't allowed to help Tom.
I didn't buy anything at that store because the prices were too high.
How many more months do you think Tom will want to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be back soon. He said he'd be gone for a long time.
I wasn't able to talk to Tom.
I asked Mary is she wanted to go to a party with me and she said yes.
How many more months do you think Tom will need to do that?
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I wasn't able to protect Tom.
How many more years do you think it'll you take to finish doing that?
How many more months do you think Tom will have to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be so grumpy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I was on the same bus as Tom.
How many more years do you think it'll take you to finish doing that?
How many more hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be exhausted all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I wanted to help Tom do that.
Didn't you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I should probably tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I wanted Tom to study French.
You used to do that when you were in junior high school, didn't you?
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I knew Tom would have to stay in Boston longer than he had planned to.
I want to tell Tom the truth.
You knew I was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Boston when he was a kid?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I want to play golf with Tom.
We'll be in Boston for three more days and then we'll go to Chicago.
Didn't you know Tom and I used to be married to each other?
I didn't think Tom would be at home, but I knocked on his door anyway.
I want to meet Tom's parents.
There are several reasons why it wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
You told Tom I didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why you're not going to do that, have you?
I want Tom to do that for us.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
You should've told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
You should probably tell Tom that you can't do that without his help.
I want Tom to do that for me.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
You should probably tell Tom that you want him to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that anymore.
I told Tom what I want to do.
I'll never be able to afford to buy the kind of house my wife wants.
You should probably not tell Tom that you want to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
I told Tom I never said that.
I don't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
You ought to tell Tom that you don't feel like doing that.
You didn't think Tom could do that in less than three hours, did you?
I thought Tom would be tired.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who had broken the window.
You never told Tom about what I did that weekend, did you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't want to do that.
I thought Tom would be first.
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to finish doing that?
You know that Tom is still planning to do that, don't you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't need to do that.
I thought Tom would be early.
You know there's no way I can do that without some help, don't you?
You know it wasn't the first time Tom did that, don't you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't have to do that.
I thought Tom would be alone.
You knew I might not be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
I thought Tom wasn't worried.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't want to do that.
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted me to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I thought Tom wasn't at home.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't need to do that.
You didn't really think Tom would let me do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
I thought Tom was suspicious.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't have to do that.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
I thought Tom was interested.
You did know I was the one who was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
I thought Tom was frightened.
It's going to be very tough for me to do that if you don't help me.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that by himself, did you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I thought Tom was downstairs.
I'm glad I didn't have to live in Boston for more than three years.
You didn't know Tom needed to do that by himself, did you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I thought Tom should do that.
I know I'm supposed to pay my rent on the first day of every month.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom doesn't do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I thought Tom seemed shocked.
I doubt seriously if I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't want to do that?
I think Tom would like to be outside playing with the other children.
I thought Tom seemed excited.
I don't go fishing very much anymore, but I used to go quite often.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours.
I thought Tom looked shocked.
I didn't come to school yesterday because I had to go to a funeral.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't have to do that?
I didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that by himself or not.
I thought Tom looked nervous.
I could stay in Boston for another week or two if you need me here.
We'll stay in Boston until Tom graduates from high school.
Don't forget to tell Tom what time he's supposed to be here tomorrow.
I think you've convinced Tom.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't think my parents would let me.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
Didn't you know Tom wanted to stay in Boston for another three weeks?
I think helped Tom out a lot.
Don't you remember that tomorrow is when we're supposed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
Didn't you know Tom used to live in a small apartment on Park Street?
I think Tom would be nervous.
Do you remember the title of that movie we saw together last month?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't want to do that, have you?
I think Tom would be jealous.
Boston is a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't need to do that, have you?
I think Tom would be curious.
About how many French restaurants do you think there are in Boston?
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about that.
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't have to do that, have you?
I think Tom won't be worried.
You knew I wouldn't be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I want to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
I think Tom won't be nervous.
You didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
The only one here who doesn't feel like doing that is Tom.
You should at least tell Tom that you don't want to do that anymore.
I think Tom won't be jealous.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that you don't need to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be truthful.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Is it true that you and Tom are staying in the same hotel?
You should at least tell Tom that you don't have to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be stubborn.
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have allowed Tom to do that.
You knew that Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
I think Tom will be punctual.
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
I'm sure Tom won't be bored. He enjoys this kind of thing.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
I think Tom will be obedient.
You can come to Boston and stay with me all winter if you want to.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I think Tom will be confused.
We have a post in the middle of our yard that we chain our dog to.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom will be careless.
The last time I saw Mary she was holding a doll in her right hand.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
You could at least tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
I think Tom wants to do that.
Someone threw a snowball at the policeman and he started shooting.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he wanted to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him to do that.
I think Tom ought to do that.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to get here today.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money on the present I bought for Tom.
I think Tom needs to do that.
It probably wouldn't have been interesting to do that by yourself.
I was surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where the party was going to be.
I think Tom missed the train.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you to do that.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't do it.
I told Tom that I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three weeks.
I think Tom might be nervous.
I've been coming to Boston every summer for the past thirty years.
I thought Tom would be able to do what we asked him to do.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell him why.
I think Tom might be jealous.
I'll be in Boston for three more days and then I'll go to Chicago.
I thought Tom was finished, but he told me that he wasn't.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
I think Tom may speak French.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I could've done it myself.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to play the ukulele.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I think Tom is uncomfortable.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I think Tom wouldn't still be awake at this time of night.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think Tom hasn't done that.
I had to stay in the hospital for three weeks after the operation.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in something like that.
I think Tom wouldn't be grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom can speak French.
I don't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
I think Tom would be lonely if he went camping by himself.
I think Tom probably isn't as good at doing that as you think he is.
I think I'll do that for Tom.
I don't know whether I can do that or not, but I'll give it a try.
I think Tom will be awake by the time breakfast is served.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that, but I wanted him to do it anyway.
I still haven't answered Tom.
I didn't sign the confession they were trying to force me to sign.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom gets here.
I knew I should say something to Tom, but I didn't know what to say.
I shouldn't have married Tom.
I didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.
I should probably not tell Tom that I know how to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I should tell Tom what to do.
I didn't have as much trouble getting a loan as I thought I would.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom has asked me to do.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I should tell Tom to do that.
I didn't have as much trouble falling asleep as I thought I would.
I just told Tom that he doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I should tell Tom I'm sleepy.
How many more months do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
I hope you told Tom that I was the one who had to do that.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I scolded Tom for doing that.
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish this project?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be back anytime soon.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I needed to help Tom do that.
Did you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I need to tell Tom the truth.
Could you check to see if there are any mistakes in this document?
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I couldn't go to Boston with Tom because I didn't have enough money.
I need to talk to Tom myself.
You're the only person I know who's likely to be able to do that.
I don't know who Tom wants to give this bottle of wine to.
You've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I like the way Tom does that.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
I don't know where Tom wants to spend his summer vacation.
You've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I know why Tom is suspicious.
You knew I might not be allowed to do that by myself, didn't you?
I don't know Tom well enough to ask him to do that for me.
You've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I know why Tom can't do that.
You didn't realize I wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't want to do that, have you?
I know what Tom needs to buy.
There are several reasons why it would be a good idea to do that.
I didn't wake Tom up and he slept for another three hours.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't need to do that, have you?
I know the man Tom came with.
Please make sure that you do that at least once every three days.
I didn't think Tom would be gone by the time we got there.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't have to do that, have you?
I know that Tom was offended.
It looks it might start raining, so you'd better not do that now.
I didn't tell Tom I wasn't planning on being at his party.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is unmarried.
If you'd been a little more careful, this wouldn't have happened.
I didn't realize Tom shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
You didn't realize Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I know that Tom is terrified.
I've put on a lot of weight, so I can't wear these jeans anymore.
I didn't know whether Tom would come by car or by bicycle.
You didn't know whether Tom was good at doing that or not, did you?
I know that Tom is skeptical.
I was wondering if you'd like to go out and get something to eat.
I didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that or not.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I know that Tom is satisfied.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I didn't know where Tom was going for his summer vacation.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
I know that Tom is reputable.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
I know that Tom is plastered.
I didn't think I would be able to pass the test without cheating.
I didn't know that Tom had intended to be there yesterday.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
I know that Tom is perplexed.
I didn't know how to do that, but I was willing to give it a try.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that on his own.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he doesn't have to do that?
I know that Tom is paralyzed.
I didn't have as much trouble finding a job as I thought I would.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that by himself.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
I know that Tom is obstinate.
How many professional musicians do you think there are in Boston?
I didn't ask Tom who he was planning to go to Boston with.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
I know that Tom is observant.
How many more years do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How much more time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would refuse to do that.
I know that Tom is obnoxious.
How many more weeks do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more years will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I think Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I know that Tom is motivated.
How many more hours do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more years do you think Tom will want to do that?
I really should've told Tom not to stay in Boston for another week.
I know that Tom is irritated.
Do you mean that you didn't know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
How many more years do you think Tom will need to do that?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I know that Tom is intrigued.
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.
How many more years do you think Tom will have to do that?
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I know that Tom is incorrect.
You seem to be unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
How many more weeks will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I didn't talk Tom into doing anything he didn't already want to do.
I know that Tom is in Boston.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we should do that.
How many more weeks do you think Tom will want to do that?
I didn't know what to do when Tom said he wouldn't help me do that.
I know that Tom is impressed.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we had to do that.
How many more weeks do you think Tom will need to do that?
I didn't know how to ask Tom to leave without hurting his feelings.
I know that Tom is impatient.
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself, did you?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will have to do that?
I didn't have a chance to visit Tom that last time I was in Boston.
I know that Tom is exhausted.
We didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
How many more hours will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more days do you think Tom will need stay in the hospital?
I know that Tom is dishonest.
The most important thing for you to do now is to get some sleep.
How many more hours do you think Tom will want to do that?
Even though I was busy I talked with Tom for three hours yesterday.
I know that Tom is different.
My wife called to let me know she wasn't cooking dinner tonight.
How many more hours do you think Tom will need to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
I know that Tom is desperate.
It probably wouldn't have been dangerous to do that by yourself.
How many more hours do you think Tom will have to do that?
You told Tom I thought he wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is depressed.
I'd like to do that as often as I can while it's still possible.
How many more days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you needed to do that.
I know that Tom is dangerous.
I wanted to do something that would make my parents proud of me.
How many months do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
You knew Tom was going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is courteous.
I thought you said you didn't to know how to play the harmonica.
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that for us?
You knew Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is confident.
I thought I should say something, but I didn't know what to say.
Didn't you know that Tom saw you in the park this morning?
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself, did you?
I know that Tom is concerned.
I know I won't be able to do that, so I'm not even going to try.
You're probably the only person who can help Tom do that.
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help me do that, did you?
I know that Tom is conceited.
I knew I needed to say something, but I didn't know what to say.
You'd be very disappointed if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
I know that Tom is ambitious.
I just found out that you're going to be given an award tonight.
You weren't the one who advised Tom to do that, were you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
I know quite a lot about Tom.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I couldn't do that.
You tried to convince Tom to quit doing that, didn't you?
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him to do that.
I know how to make Tom smile.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that by yourself.
You tried to convince Tom to do that for you, didn't you?
I'm probably the only person here who knows how old Tom really is.
I know how to make Tom happy.
I didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that.
You still don't know the reason why Tom did that, do you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I know Tom wanted to do that.
I could've visited Boston, but decided to go to Chicago instead.
You should probably tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me where the picnic was going to be.
I know Tom shouldn't do that.
I can't remember the name of the girl I met last week in Boston.
You should probably not tell Tom you're going to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he'd spent three years in prison.
I know Tom shouldn't be here.
I can't go to Boston with you because I don't have enough money.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he had to do that.
I think Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I know Tom isn't that stupid.
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
You know that Tom wasn't the one who did that, don't you?
I promised Tom I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three days.
I know Tom is doing that now.
You should come stay with us for a couple of weeks next summer.
You know that Tom doesn't know how to do that, don't you?
I hope you told Tom I didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
I know Tom has been arrested.
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I hoped Tom wouldn't do that.
You knew that I was the only one who could do that, didn't you?
You knew how important doing that was to Tom, didn't you?
I don't think Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I hope that Tom will do that.
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday to do that.
You knew Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
I don't care where Tom does that as long as he doesn't do it here.
I hope Tom will do that soon.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You knew Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I didn't know what time I was supposed to meet Tom at the airport.
I hope Tom knows what to say.
Since you've finished all your chores, you can go out and play.
You haven't done that as many times as Tom has, have you?
I didn't buy the model airplane that Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I hope Tom knows what to buy.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to fall asleep.
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you're going to do that, have you?
I hope Tom isn't pessimistic.
It probably wouldn't have been possible to do that by yourself.
You didn't know that Tom expected me to do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom isn't heartbroken.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me do that tomorrow.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that yesterday, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't need to do that.
I hope Tom isn't embarrassed.
I'd intended to do that yesterday, but it rained so I couldn't.
You didn't know Tom thought I shouldn't do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't have to do that.
I hope Tom isn't disobedient.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do what you had to do.
You didn't know Tom didn't have time to do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I hope Tom isn't discouraged.
I thought I'd broken my leg, but an X-ray showed that I hadn't.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that before 2:30, didn't you?
I hope Tom is doing that now.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
There was no chance that Tom was going to win that fight.
You don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that, do you?
I hope Tom enjoys doing that.
I realize I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to close all the windows.
You didn't think Tom would be doing that this afternoon, did you?
I hope Tom doesn't get tired.
I just found out that you're supposed to be good at doing that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he wanted to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't get bored.
I don't like being the one who always has to feed the chickens.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that without any help.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he needed to do that.
I helped Tom out of the boat.
I didn't want to live in Boston anymore, so I moved to Chicago.
I wish Tom had told me that he wasn't going to the party.
You didn't know whether Tom was going to do that or not, did you?
I helped Tom clean the house.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who broke the window.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't have the nerve to try.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the weather.
I helped Tom a lot with that.
I didn't recognize the person sitting across the table from me.
I told Tom I didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
The last time Tom gave a concert in Boston, only people came.
I help Tom with his homework.
I didn't like French class very much when I was in high school.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
I got Tom to help me do that.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I thought Tom wasn't as cooperative as he should've been.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough time to get everything done.
I feel that Tom will do that.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I think there's no point in trying to get Tom to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the one who did that for Tom.
I expect Tom to go to Boston.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that I wanted to do.
I should probably tell Tom I don't have to do that today.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would want to do that.
I doubt that Tom can do that.
I didn't get paid as much as I thought I was going to get paid.
I should probably not tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
I think doing that the way Tom suggested would be a lot more fun.
I doubt if Tom will be upset.
Didn't you know there was a good chance that this would happen?
I rented Tom's old house and lived there for three years.
I think Tom wouldn't likely to still be awake this late at night.
I doubt if Tom will be tired.
You weren't surprised that I wasn't able to do that, were you?
I pretended I didn't understand what Tom wanted me to do.
I think Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
I doubt if Tom will be ready.
You weren't surprised that I didn't want to do that, were you?
I know Tom didn't want to do that, but I think he had to.
I doubt if Tom will be first.
You weren't surprised that I didn't need to do that, were you?
I just told Tom that he didn't have to help me on Monday.
I should probably tell Tom that I can't do that without his help.
I doubt if Tom will be early.
You weren't surprised that I didn't have to do that, were you?
I don't think Tom would be afraid of something like this.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I doubt if Tom will be drunk.
You were worried you wouldn't be able to do that, weren't you?
I don't think I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be bored.
You knew it wasn't the first time I had done that, didn't you?
I didn't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be alone.
You knew I might be required to do that by myself, didn't you?
I didn't think Tom would be busy, so I went to visit him.
I don't think Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I doubt Tom would lie to you.
You didn't seem to be aware that you were supposed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be amused by what was happening.
I don't think Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't write to Tom anymore.
You didn't seem to be aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what we'd be discussing at the meeting.
I don't think I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't want to sit with Tom.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I wanted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what the meeting was going to be about.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't want Tom to buy that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I needed to do that.
I didn't know why Tom wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom does.
I don't visit Tom very often.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
I didn't know where Tom was going to be in the afternoon.
I didn't tell Tom that I planned to wait until Monday to do that.
I don't trust Tom any longer.
You didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to plant the marigolds.
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked Tom to tell show me how.
I don't think Tom is worried.
Including me, there are thirty people working on this project.
I didn't know what Tom's reasons for not doing that were.
I didn't believe that Tom had anything to do with the kidnapping.
I don't think Tom is unlucky.
If you like, you can use milk instead of water in this recipe.
I didn't know that Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
You should probably tell Tom that you don't want him to do that.
I don't think Tom is thirsty.
I'm getting a little tired of eating the same thing every day.
I didn't know that Tom had broken up with his girlfriend.
You should probably tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom is strange.
I'm better prepared this time, so I should be able to do that.
I didn't know that I couldn't do what Tom asked me to do.
You don't seem to understand why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom is serious.
I'll leave my porch light on, so you can easily find my house.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that next week.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom is retired.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after having drunk so much.
I didn't have to tell Tom about what happened, but I did.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom is outside.
I want to know if you're planning to come to my party tonight.
I didn't have a chance to visit Tom when I was in Boston.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom needed to do that.
I don't think Tom is nervous.
I want to help, but I'm too busy doing other things right now.
How much more time do you think Tom will need to do that?
You didn't realize that Tom didn't know how to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom is married.
I thought I'd stay in Boston for a couple of weeks in October.
How much more time do you think Tom will have to do that?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom is jealous.
I think it's important to listen to both sides of an argument.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I don't think Tom is engaged.
I need to get rid of a lot of things that I don't use anymore.
How many more days will it take Tom to finish doing that?
When we were teenagers, I didn't like Tom and he didn't like me.
I don't think Tom is correct.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
How many more days do you think Tom will want to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
I don't think Tom is annoyed.
I guess I should've expected something like this might happen.
How many more days do you think Tom will need to do that?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom is adopted.
I don't care that my car is the oldest one in the parking lot.
How many more days do you think Tom will have to do that?
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
I don't plan to wait for Tom.
I didn't have time to answer all of the questions on the exam.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be forgiven if he did something like that.
I don't let Tom play outside.
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
Even though it's raining, Tom rode his bicycle to school.
I'm sure Tom won't be inside on a beautiful afternoon like this.
I don't let Tom drive my car.
How many of your high school teacher's names can you remember?
Even though Tom said he could do that, he wasn't able to.
I'm sure Tom will be finished doing that by 2:this afternoon.
I don't know where Tom lived.
How long will it take for you to make sandwiches for everyone?
Didn't you know that Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom really wants to do that.
I don't know what Tom bought.
Don't wait up for me. I won't be home until very late tonight.
Did you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I don't know how tall Tom is.
Don't sign the contract until you have your lawyer look at it.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom hasn't stopped doing that.
I think Tom would be confused if you explain it to him that way.
I don't know how rich Tom is.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that this week.
Could Tom stay in Boston with you for a couple of months?
I think Tom probably isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I don't care where Tom works.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that before 2:30.
You're the one who persuaded Tom to do that, aren't you?
I should probably not tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't care how Tom dresses.
Didn't you know there was a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
You'd stop doing that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
I know that Tom is looking for something, but I don't know what.
I don't believe Tom did that.
Did you know there are some broken bottles on your back porch?
You'd do that for Tom if he wanted you to, wouldn't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do what you want him to do.
I didn't want to go with Tom.
"Are you going to do that today?" "No, I'll do that tomorrow."
You weren't the one who wanted Tom to do that, were you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was upset.
You'll be finished doing that by the end of the week, I hope.
You were expecting Tom to help you do that, weren't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was tired.
You'd be very disappointed if I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
You tried to discourage Tom from doing that, didn't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think Tom was right.
You won't know whether you can do that or not unless you try.
You think we shouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excused from doing that.
I didn't think Tom was ready.
You still haven't learned how to do that correctly, have you?
You still haven't forgiven Tom for doing that, have you?
I don't think Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I didn't think Tom was drunk.
You don't seem to have the confidence to do that by yourself.
You should've told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite him.
I didn't think Tom was broke.
You don't have to do that, but it would be better if you did.
You should probably tell Tom he doesn't need to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want him to go to Boston with me.
I didn't think Tom was bored.
You didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30, did you?
You should probably not tell Tom that you can't do that.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted to go to Boston with me or not.
I didn't think Tom was awake.
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that today, did you?
You might've been able to do that if Tom had helped you.
I didn't know if Tom would be able to do that by himself or not.
I didn't think Tom was alone.
You didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You know that Tom isn't the one who did that, don't you?
I didn't know Tom didn't have enough money to pay all his bills.
I didn't tell Tom what to do.
We abandoned the project because we didn't have enough money.
You knew Tom didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
How did you know Tom was going to be released from prison today?
I didn't tell Tom to do that.
The woman sitting next to me on the plane was very talkative.
You don't really expect Tom to be at your party, do you?
Don't forget to tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
I didn't tell Tom I was busy.
The passengers with injuries were taken to a nearby hospital.
You didn't tell Tom I didn't intend to do that, did you?
Do you believe that there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
I didn't recognize Tom's dog.
The last thing I remember was the sound of someone behind me.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to attend today's meeting?
I didn't recognize Tom's car.
Speaking only in French all day was a good experience for me.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom needed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like sports at all when he was a kid?
I didn't know where Tom went.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that when I was your age.
You didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that, haven't you?
I didn't know what Tom meant.
If I'd been there, I would've suggested doing something else.
You didn't know why Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
You've given up trying to convince Tom to do that, haven't you?
I didn't know Tom was a twin.
I'm getting a little tired of doing the same thing every day.
You didn't know why Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you wanted to do that, have you?
I didn't have to go with Tom.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after I had drunk so much.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you needed to do that, have you?
I didn't give Tom any choice.
I understand a little French, but I can't speak it very well.
You didn't know Tom was going to do that today, did you?
You still have no idea why Tom doesn't want to do that, do you?
I didn't give Tom any advice.
I thought you said you wanted to do that as soon as possible.
You didn't know Tom had never done that before, did you?
You should tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I didn't follow Tom's advice.
I thought you said you wanted to be the first one to do that.
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
I didn't call Tom last night.
I thought you said you didn't know how to play the saxophone.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I want to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I can't do that, but Tom can.
I think we would be able to do that without making any noise.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to do that.
You knew that Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that, didn't you?
How often do you talk to Tom?
I think it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom should've done that.
You knew Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
How often do you go to Tom's?
I realize I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
Since the weather was good, Tom and I went to the beach.
You didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself, did you?
How many cookies did Tom eat?
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
It would've been safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
You didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that, did you?
How long was Tom at the park?
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
If it had rained yesterday, Tom wouldn't have done that.
Why did you tell Tom I planned to wait until Monday to do that?
Has Tom ever lived in Boston?
I knew I should say something, but I didn't know what to say.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
We don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows how.
Everyone did that except Tom.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the last one to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the smell.
Even Tom was speaking French.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I'm quite sure Tom doesn't have any relatives in Boston.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the noise.
Don't you feel sorry for Tom?
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that as well as you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has no intention of doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
Does Tom wish to do that now?
I don't like being the one who always has to wash the dishes.
I'm fairly certain that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
If Tom did that yesterday, he probably won't do it again today.
Does Tom want to do that now?
I don't know who I should ask to help me figure out my taxes.
I wouldn't have visited Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be the one responsible for what happened.
Do you think Tom was helpful?
I don't care where we do that as long as we don't do it here.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
Do you think Tom is friendly?
I didn't know that you were the one who wanted us to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would need our help.
Do you know why Tom was late?
I didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if he did something like that.
Didn't you know Tom was rich?
I didn't know how to answer any of the questions on the test.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I pretended that I didn't know that Tom had stolen my computer.
Did you know Tom was married?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom do that.
I made a list of places I wanted to visit and showed it to Tom.
Did Tom use to be a teacher?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed to buy.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't need to.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
Ask Tom what he wants to eat.
I did that this morning so I wouldn't have to do it tomorrow.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't have to.
I didn't want to admit that Tom was right and that I was wrong.
Ask Tom if he has to do that.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends back in Boston.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I didn't know who Tom had decided to give his old saxophone to.
You're a lot older than Tom.
How much more time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I want to know when you're going to tell Tom about that.
I didn't know the reason why Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
You work for Tom, don't you?
Have you decided where you're going for your summer vacation?
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
I didn't have to tell Tom to do that. He'd have done it anyway.
You usually do that for Tom.
Do you think you can do that without getting yourself killed?
I told Tom that I didn't know how to play the saxophone.
I didn't have to tell Tom about what happened. He already knew.
You tripped Tom, didn't you?
Do you sometimes get in trouble with your teachers at school?
I told Tom some things about Boston that he didn't know.
Did you know that Tom isn't planning to attend today's meeting?
You stabbed Tom, didn't you?
You're the only one who seems to know what needs to be done.
I thought it was really nice of you to buy that for Tom.
You should probably tell Tom he doesn't have to do that today.
You spit on Tom, didn't you?
You look a lot more like your father than your brother does.
I thought Tom would be more difficult to get along with.
You should probably not tell Tom that you know how to do that.
You slapped Tom, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't have enough time to do that, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be interested in doing that with us.
You know that Tom is still living with his parents, don't you?
You scolded Tom, didn't you?
You don't seem to understand why you're supposed to do that.
I thought Tom might be interested in doing that with us.
You knew that Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You punched Tom, didn't you?
You didn't think that you would be able to do that, did you?
I think you won't be able to do that without Tom's help.
You knew that Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You invited Tom, didn't you?
You didn't think I'd be through doing that by 2:30, did you?
I think Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom was supposed to do that.
You do that faster than Tom.
You didn't think I was going to be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom would like to be present at today's meeting.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he had to do that.
You cook for Tom, don't you?
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't need to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
You didn't know who Tom was planning to do that with, did you?
Will Tom come here today?
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't have to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
You didn't know whether Tom wanted to do that or not, did you?
Will Tom be able to do that?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that today, did you?
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that today, did you?
Why's Tom staying in Boston?
You didn't know that we were the ones who did that, did you?
I should've told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the heat.
Why should Tom visit Boston?
This morning's meeting was shorter than I expected it to be.
I should probably not tell Tom that I intend to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the food.
Why should Tom go to Boston?
The teacher told me that I'm the worst student in the class.
I saw Tom walking in the park with a girl I didn't know.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the cold.
Why is Tom coming to Boston?
The movie was much better than I thought it was going to be.
I knew there was a chance that Tom would need some help.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I don't want to do that.
Why didn't Tom visit Boston?
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
I hope Tom wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
The largest fish Tom caught weighed just over three kilograms.
Why didn't Tom go to Boston?
It would probably not be interesting to do that by yourself.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be annoyed by that.
That's the woman I saw talking with Tom in the park yesterday.
Why did Tom want to do that?
It took me a more time than usual to fall asleep last night.
I don't yet know if Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
If I'd known Tom was broke, I'd have offered to buy him lunch.
Why did Tom need to do that?
It started to rain as soon as we finished pitching the tent.
I don't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Why did Tom do that for you?
If you had done that, there wouldn't have been any problems.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
Who went to Boston with Tom?
I've been going to Boston every summer since I was thirteen.
I don't think that Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
When will Tom be doing that?
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to say.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what he needs to do.
When did Tom move to Boston?
I won't go outside in this kind of weather unless I have to.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that today.
When did Tom come to Boston?
I thought you said you wanted to be the next one to do that.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that again.
When I saw Tom I said hello.
I thought you said you wanted to be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I thought you said you're tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
What you did made Tom smile.
I thought you said you wanted to be excused from doing that.
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that without help.
What you did made Tom laugh.
I think that what you're looking for is behind the cupboard.
I don't think I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I think there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
What you did made Tom happy.
I think that buying a grand piano would be a waste of money.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I think there's no point in trying to convince Tom to do that.
What did you tell Tom to do?
I suggest not staying in Boston any longer than you have to.
I don't like the music the kind of music Tom listens to.
I think it would be strange for Tom to do something like that.
What Tom will do is unclear.
I know I won't be able to do that if I don't have some help.
I don't know whether Tom will come by car or by bicycle.
I think Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it better.
Were you in Boston with Tom?
I know I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
I don't have to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I think Tom would get bored if you showed him all your photos.
I knew that what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway.
I don't have the faintest idea what Tom is trying to do.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
Was Tom wearing a seat belt?
I haven't taught French since I left Boston three years ago.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know what to do.
I think Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
There's no way Tom did that.
I don't want any of my friends to know that I can't do that.
I didn't think Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom is probably better at French than you think he is.
Tell Tom that we're leaving.
I didn't tell my parents that I had gotten an F on the test.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that's going to happen.
I think Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
Please tell Tom to be quiet.
I didn't tell anyone about what happened until I was thirty.
I didn't think I should do what Tom was asking me to do.
I think Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
Never buy anything from Tom.
I didn't know that you were going to be in Boston this week.
I didn't tell Tom that I was the one who had to do that.
Let's permit Tom to do that.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't have a driver's license.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Let's go to Boston with Tom.
How many months will it take to finish building this bridge?
I didn't realize Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried to do that.
Let Tom watch what he wants.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that this week.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go to Boston with.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
Let Tom drink what he wants.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be too expensive.
I didn't know who Tom thought was going to win the race.
I don't think Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
It's only Tom who does that.
Do you still enjoy watching baseball as much as you used to?
I didn't know whether to accept Tom's gift or refuse it.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows how.
It looks like Tom is crying.
Are we supposed to take off our shoes when we enter a house?
I didn't know whether Tom would agree to do that or not.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
Is Tom permitted to do that?
"Have you done that already?" "No, I haven't done that yet."
I didn't know whether Tom was good at doing that or not.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I've never seen Tom do that.
You're the only person I know who can play the French horn.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I didn't make it to the airport in time to say goodbye to Tom.
I'm sure Tom won't be tired.
You know I wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, don't you?
I didn't ask whether Tom was planning to do that or not.
I didn't know why Tom didn't need to do that until he told me.
I'm sure Tom won't be first.
You hope that you won't have to do that anymore, don't you?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know why Tom didn't have to do that until he told me.
I'm sure Tom won't be early.
You don't have your parents' permission to do this, do you?
How many minutes do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know that Tom would be cooking dinner for us tonight.
I'm sure Tom will be sleepy.
You didn't seem to be aware that I was supposed to do that.
How many days do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be at the party last week.
I'm sure Tom will be scared.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that today, did you?
Don't waste your time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't have to pay Tom as much as I thought I would have to.
I'm sure Tom will be afraid.
You didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
Didn't you know Tom has several very valuable paintings?
You weren't really expecting Tom to do that for me, were you?
I'm sure Tom will be absent.
What's the main advantage of doing that the way you suggest?
Ask Tom if he plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
You were the one who suggested that Tom do that, weren't you?
I'm sure Tom has to do that.
What part of the report do you think needs to be rewritten.
You weren't the one who asked Tom to do that, were you?
You tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
I'm on the same team Tom is.
We won't be able to stay in Boston as long as we wanted to.
You weren't able to teach Tom how to do that, were you?
You told Tom I thought it would be OK to do that, didn't you?
I'm not the same age as Tom.
We want you to come to Boston and stay with us next summer.
You weren't able to talk Tom into doing that, were you?
You told Tom I couldn't do that without his help, didn't you?
I'm not going Tom's concert.
This morning's meeting was longer than I expected it to be.
You told Tom I thought he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why you want to do that, have you?
I'm going over to Tom's now.
This kind of rain isn't that unusual for this time of year.
You told Tom I didn't feel like doing that, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why he needs to do that, have you?
I'm Tom's ex-wife's husband.
Some of my friends think Boston isn't a safe place to live.
You think Tom could've done that on his own, don't you?
You should probably not tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
I'd like to see Tom do that.
Many people have asked me if I think Boston is a safe city.
You shouldn't have tried doing that without Tom's help.
You knew that Tom wasn't really going to do that, didn't you?
I'd expected Tom to do that.
It took me a little more time than usual to get here today.
You should tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I wouldn't do that with Tom.
It probably wouldn't have been wise to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that anymore.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
It probably wouldn't have been safe to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom you don't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom had to do that.
I wonder what Tom has to do.
It probably wouldn't have been easy to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't want to do that.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
I wonder what Tom had to do.
It probably wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't need to do that.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom gets out of the hospital.
I wonder if Tom is ticklish.
It probably would've been dangerous to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't have to do that.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
I wonder if Tom is relieved.
I've heard that a baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
You know how important doing that is to Tom, don't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
I wonder if Tom is reliable.
I've been told that we're not allowed to swim here anymore.
You knew that Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
The most important thing for you to do now is to talk to Tom.
I wonder if Tom is mistaken.
I'm still driving the same car that my grandmother gave me.
You knew Tom didn't really want to do that, didn't you?
That wasn't the only reason why Tom shouldn't have done that.
I wonder if Tom is innocent.
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Is it true that Tom won't be at the meeting tomorrow morning?
I wonder if Tom is homesick.
I'm feeling a little bit better today than I was yesterday.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is finished.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
You had no idea when Tom was going to do that, did you?
I was finished doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I wonder if Tom is confused.
I was able to do that better than I thought I'd be able to.
You don't think Tom wants to do that right now, do you?
I thought you said you wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is artistic.
I thought you said you've only done that about three times.
You don't really think that Tom should do that, do you?
I thought Tom was going to be able to meet me at the airport.
I wonder if Tom can do that.
I think doing that will take longer than you think it will.
You didn't think Tom would be doing that here, did you?
I think Tom won't be interested in buying any of these books.
I won't tell Tom what to do.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom wants to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I won't tell Tom to do that.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
You didn't think Tom was the one who did that, did you?
I think Tom is probably better at chess than you think he is.
I won't do that without Tom.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
You didn't think Tom could do that by himself, did you?
I should tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I wish Tom wasn't mad at me.
I hope we can figure out what to do about that pretty soon.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wanted to do that.
I noticed that there was a picture of Tom on the mantelpiece.
I wasn't ready, but Tom was.
I hope I don't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I wasn't able to rescue Tom.
I don't care who does the job as long as the job gets done.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom needed to do that.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I warned Tom not to do that.
I didn't realize how important it was to be at the meeting.
You didn't realize that Tom wanted to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom would be worried about something like that.
I wanted to see Tom do that.
I didn't read the instructions as carefully as I should've.
You didn't know Tom had to do that by himself, did you?
I don't think Tom will ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I want to talk to Tom again.
I didn't learn how to play the guitar until I was thirteen.
You did that the way Tom told you to do it, didn't you?
I don't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I want to break up with Tom.
I didn't have time to answer all the questions on the test.
Who told you Tom didn't want to go skin diving with us?
I didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help me do that.
I want to be married to Tom.
I didn't have enough time to finish my homework last night.
When was the last time you told Tom that you loved him?
I didn't know the reason why Tom couldn't go camping with us.
I waited for Tom to do that.
I didn't find the word I was looking for in the dictionary.
We've been asked not to say anything to Tom about this.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I told Tom that I'd do that.
I didn't eat all of ice cream. There's still a little left.
We don't have to tell Tom what to do. He already knows.
I didn't hitchhike home, even though I told Tom that I would.
I thought that Tom did that.
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
How much more time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I thought Tom would help us.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I didn't do that.
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I thought Tom would do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
The police said they thought Tom had died Monday night.
Don't forget that Tom is coming over for dinner this evening.
I thought Tom would be late.
Doing that was more interesting than I thought it would be.
The only one here who doesn't regret doing that is Tom.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Boston this week?
I thought Tom would be last.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry about that?
Please try to find out why Tom did that the way he did.
Are you the one who helped Tom hang that picture on the wall?
I thought Tom wasn't scared.
Did you know there was a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
Please tell Tom he needs to do that sometime this week.
You're the one who persuaded Tom not to do that, aren't you?
I thought Tom wasn't afraid.
You're the only person in the office who can speak French.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
You warned Tom what would happen if he did that, didn't you?
I thought Tom wasn't absent.
You're the only person I've ever really been in love with.
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he wanted to do that.
I thought Tom was terrified.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he needed to do that.
I thought Tom was surprised.
You'd have to be very desperate to do something like that.
In addition to the saxophone, Tom plays the flute, too.
You seemed surprised when Tom told us why we should do that.
I thought Tom was miserable.
You wore glasses when you were in high school, didn't you?
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
You seemed surprised when Tom told us why we had to do that.
I thought Tom was insincere.
You weren't the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be alone on Christmas Eve.
You never had any intention of letting Tom do that, did you?
I thought Tom was impressed.
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom has overstepped his authority.
You need to be very talented to do that the way Tom does it.
I thought Tom was desperate.
You don't think I'll be able to do that by myself, do you?
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Boston with him.
You know that Tom can't do that as well as I can, don't you?
I thought Tom looked sleepy.
You don't seem to understand why I'm reluctant to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that today, didn't you?
I thought Tom looked lonely.
You didn't think I'd be the first one to do that, did you?
I was surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
You knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I thought Tom looked hungry.
You didn't think I'd be interested in doing that, did you?
I was surprised when Tom told me why he had to do that.
You knew Tom couldn't do that without your help, didn't you?
I thought Tom had done that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't need to do that.
I want to make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
You knew Tom couldn't do that without some help, didn't you?
I think Tom would be scared.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't have to do that.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never showed up.
You have to be very talented to do that the way Tom does it.
I think Tom would be biased.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that, did you?
I told Tom I wouldn't do that unless he did it with me.
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
I think Tom won't be scared.
What kind of things are we going to be doing at the party?
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom today.
You don't seem to understand why Tom is supposed to do that.
I think Tom won't be lonely.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of owning a dog?
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
You don't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom won't be afraid.
We put all our old furniture in the shed behind our house.
I thought Tom was going to ask someone else to do that.
You didn't think that Tom would be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom won't be absent.
We had to be in Boston for an important meeting last week.
I thought Tom was going to ask everyone not to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom will be worried.
We didn't have enough time to do that yesterday afternoon.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
I think Tom will be nervous.
There's just no way that we can finish doing that by 2:30.
I thought I'd never be able to convince Tom to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
I think Tom will be jealous.
The man sitting on the park bench didn't seem to be awake.
I think Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
You didn't really think Tom would enjoy doing that, did you?
I think Tom will be furious.
The man sitting next to me on the train looked very tired.
I think Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
You didn't realize that Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
I think Tom will be careful.
That movie wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
I think Tom probably isn't as young as you think he is.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
I think Tom was unimpressed.
Someone talked to me about this, but I don't remember who.
I think Tom lived in Boston when he was in high school.
We didn't know whether Tom would want to eat with us or not.
I think Tom never does that.
Mary is the only woman I've ever really been in love with.
I think Tom knows he's supposed to give a speech today.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
I think Tom might get fired.
It's up to you to decide whether or not we should do that.
I think Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
I think Tom lives in Boston.
It probably wouldn't have been fun to do that by yourself.
I should've told Tom that he needed to be more careful.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
I think Tom is disappointed.
It probably wouldn't be impossible to do that by yourself.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't want to do that.
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be permitted to do that?
I think Tom is ambidextrous.
It looked like you were just about to jump into the water.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't need to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fired for doing that.
I think Tom doesn't do that.
If you're going to do that tomorrow, let's do it together.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't have to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fined for doing that.
I still have to talk to Tom.
If you have the time, could you come to my office at 2:30?
That wasn't the only reason why Tom ought to have done that.
I still have a crush on Tom.
If you ever feel like doing that, just go ahead and do it.
I might be permitted to do that if Tom does it with me.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom doesn't do that.
I stayed in Boston with Tom.
If you don't want to do that, you don't have to, you know.
I looked at the painting on the wall behind Tom's desk.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
I should've danced with Tom.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do what you have to do.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't know how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I should tell Tom the truth.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I immediately recognized Tom. He looks like his father.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
I should tell Tom I'm tired.
I'd rather use a crowbar than a hammer to open this crate.
I helped Tom because I wanted to, not because I had to.
It would be very efficient to do that the way Tom suggested.
I should tell Tom I'm sorry.
I'd never be able to afford to buy a house on Park Street.
I heard yesterday that Tom was in some kind of trouble.
It would be a lot more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
I should ask Tom to do that.
I'd like to do that as much as possible while I still can.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home on Monday.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have permitted Tom to do that.
I saw Tom do that yesterday.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after drinking so much.
I doubt that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be absent if he weren't terribly sick.
I saw Tom do that last week.
I was surprised when you told me I didn't have to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be present at the meeting tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom won't be present at tomorrow morning's meeting.
I never saw Tom on that day.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't need to do that.
I don't yet know if Tom will go camping with us or not.
I'm probably the only person here who knows where Tom lives.
I need to know where Tom is.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't have to do that.
I don't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I know why Tom is terrified.
I thought you said you were looking forward to doing that.
I don't think Tom could've done that without some help.
I wonder why Tom is pretending he doesn't understand French.
I know why Tom is surprised.
I know I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I wish I'd spent more money on the present I bought for Tom.
I know why Tom is in Boston.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't like speaking in French and Tom doesn't either.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I know why Tom got confused.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Boston with him.
I was through doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I know who killed Tom's dog.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can't do that.
I don't know who Tom thought was going to win the race.
Tom Jackson said in a TV interview Monday that he didn't think his team would win another game this season.
I know where Tom is staying.
I don't think we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't know whether Tom is younger or older than I am.
Tom Jackson said in a telephone interview that he was confident that his team would win the series.
I know what Tom wants to do.
I don't think I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't know whether I should go to Tom's party or not.
Tom didn't know his parents because they both died in a traffic accident when he was still a baby.
I know what Tom needs to do.
I don't see how I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I didn't think Tom would be up so early in the morning.
Tom said nothing would make him happier than to spend the summer in Boston with his grandparents.
I know that Tom is unafraid.
I don't need to go to school next week if I don't want to.
I didn't think Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I recognized each other immediately even though we hadn't seen each other in a long time.
I know that Tom is ticklish.
I don't like to wait till the last minute to do something.
I didn't think Tom would be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he left early because his wife had called and there was some kind of emergency at home.
I know that Tom is thrilled.
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid of such a small dog.
Tom is married now, so he can't go drinking every weekend with his friends the way he used to.
I know that Tom is talented.
I don't have to go to school next week if I don't want to.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself.
Tom saw his name written on the blackboard and wondered why the teacher had written it there.
I know that Tom is stubborn.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents forced me to.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
Tom is married now, so he can't go drinking every weekend with his friends like he used to.
I know that Tom is stranded.
I didn't want anyone to see my painting until it was done.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go swimming with.
Tom said that my parents wouldn't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is relieved.
I didn't think there was any reason why we had to do that.
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to put his suitcases.
Tom Jackson said in an interview in Boston that he was going to retire after this season.
I know that Tom is reliable.
I didn't think that it would take so long time to do that.
I didn't know what Tom was going to make for breakfast.
Tom Jackson said in a recent phone interview that he wouldn't be playing in today's game.
I know that Tom is reckless.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to sleeping on the floor.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to help us do that.
Tom says that my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is prepared.
I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said three of his chickens were dead when he went out to collect eggs this morning.
I know that Tom is outraged.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom was a still high school student.
Tom said that my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is obedient.
I didn't know that you were the one who wanted to do that.
I didn't know Tom shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom could've been present at today's meeting, but he didn't want to be, so he wasn't.
I know that Tom is mistaken.
I didn't know that what we were doing was against the law.
I didn't have to tell Tom twice what needed to be done.
Tom could've become an excellent surgeon, but instead became a mediocre psychologist.
I know that Tom is insecure.
I didn't know how to do that, but I tried to do it anyway.
I didn't have to say anything. Tom did all the talking.
Tom thinks that if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
I know that Tom is innocent.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that before I got here.
I didn't have Tom's phone number, so I didn't call him.
Tom said he was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
I know that Tom is homesick.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I had to buy.
I didn't change my plans, even though Tom wanted me to.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
I know that Tom is homeless.
I didn't find out I had been adopted until I was thirteen.
I can't remember what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
Tom opened his eyes and didn't immediately realize that he was in a hospital room.
I know that Tom is handsome.
I could hear the sound of a car pulling into the driveway.
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
Tom isn't patient enough to do something like that that requires so much patience.
I know that Tom is friendly.
I could hear children playing in the apartment above mine.
How many months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but I don't think he was.
I know that Tom is famished.
How much more time do you think it'll take you to do that?
Even though I told Tom he needed to do that, he didn't.
Tom and three other students are staying after school to help clean the classroom.
I know that Tom is divorced.
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't take as long.
Tom will likely be depressed when he sees how much paperwork remains to be done.
I know that Tom is diabetic.
How many more years will it take you to finish doing that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't cost as much.
Tom just called me to tell me he'd be late because he's caught in a traffic jam.
I know that Tom is creative.
How many months do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Do you think Tom would still be able to do that for us?
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
I know that Tom is confused.
How did you know what time the meeting was going to start?
Do you think Tom could do that without getting injured?
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we have to ask someone to help him.
I know that Tom is bluffing.
Don't forget that you have clothes in the washing machine.
Didn't you know that Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Tom looked around the room to make sure that everything was where it should be.
I know that Tom is autistic.
Doing that wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be.
Didn't you know Tom was going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom isn't married to the same woman he was married to that last time I met him.
I know that Tom is artistic.
Do you think I'll get there in time if I go there by taxi?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like watching sports on TV?
Tom has been told to do that more than three times and he still hasn't done it.
I know that Tom is arrogant.
Do you still do that as many times a month as you used to?
You're the only one who seems to know why Tom is here.
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but we don't think so.
I know that Tom is annoying.
Didn't you know that you were supposed to help me do that?
You're not suggesting Tom could've done that, are you?
Tom and I usually talked to each other in French when we were college students.
I know Tom wants to do that.
"Have you already done that?" "Yes, I did that yesterday."
You're doing that because Tom told you to, aren't you?
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying some of his classmates.
I know Tom needs to do that.
You're the only one who won't be at the meeting tomorrow.
You'd do that again if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I know Tom has been injured.
You're the only one who can tell us what we need to know.
You weren't able to convince Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said his house was only about three miles from the school where he worked.
I knew Tom would be shocked.
You wouldn't be very interested in doing that, would you?
You told Tom I didn't know how to do that, didn't you?
Tom is able to understand French fairly well, but he doesn't speak it so well.
I knew Tom would be annoyed.
You weren't the only one who wanted to do that, were you?
You told Tom I couldn't do that by myself, didn't you?
Tom could've been finished doing that by now if he hadn't wasted so much time.
I hope that Tom can do that.
You weren't the only one who needed to do that, were you?
You think that Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
Tom and I got to know each other in Boston when we were both college students.
I hope Tom knows what to do.
You weren't the first one to decide to do that, were you?
You think I could teach Tom how to do that, don't you?
Tom Jackson said in an interview yesterday that he thought his team would win.
I hope Tom isn't suspicious.
You weren't surprised that I wanted to do that, were you?
You think I could talk Tom into doing that, don't you?
Tom could've been finished doing that by 2:if he'd worked a little faster.
I hope Tom isn't prejudiced.
You weren't surprised that I needed to do that, were you?
You think I could stop Tom from doing that, don't you?
Tom says he and his friends stayed after school to help clean the classroom.
I hope Tom isn't handcuffed.
You weren't convinced that I needed to do that, were you?
You still don't know why Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom might've been lonely, but even if he had been, he wouldn't have told us.
I hope Tom isn't frightened.
You thought I was going to do that yesterday, didn't you?
You still don't know why Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom says that he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I hope Tom isn't downstairs.
You knew I was supposed to do that yesterday, didn't you?
You shouldn't have done that without Tom's permission.
Tom said that he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I hope Tom isn't doing that.
You hope that you won't have to do that again, don't you?
You should've been able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom probably doesn't know that where he parked is reserved for police cars.
I hope Tom isn't displeased.
You didn't think I'd be the last one to do that, did you?
You should probably tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom said he regrets not studying French harder when he was in high school.
I hope Tom is in Boston now.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You know that Tom was the one who did that, don't you?
Tom is primarily the bass guitarist, but he sometimes sings backup vocals.
I helped Tom write an essay.
You didn't know that I was the one who did that, did you?
You know Tom isn't likely to do that today, don't you?
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where the party was going to be.
I helped Tom out of the car.
You didn't know that I had to do that by myself, did you?
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't live long enough to see his children graduate from high school.
I helped Tom move the piano.
You didn't know I was supposed to do that today, did you?
You hope I'm faster at doing that than Tom, don't you?
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have enough time.
I helped Tom move the couch.
You didn't know I was still planning to do that, did you?
You don't seem to understand why Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
I helped Tom get in the car.
You could've done that in a lot less time if you'd tried.
You didn't think Tom would forget to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
I helped Tom get a job here.
While you're waiting, why don't you have a cup of coffee?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom hadn't done that.
Tom has come back to Boston every summer since he graduated from college.
I figured Tom could do that.
What's the difference between a bicycle and a motorcycle?
You didn't realize that Tom couldn't do that, did you?
Tom could've gotten home by Monday evening if he hadn't missed his plane.
I felt the same way Tom did.
What was the most interesting book that you've ever read?
You didn't realize I had to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom won't likely be awake until after everyone else has eaten breakfast.
I expect Tom to participate.
What should we do while we're waiting for that to happen?
You didn't know Tom thought I should do that, did you?
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston and how long you'll be there.
I drove Tom to the hospital.
What kinds of things do you like to do with your friends?
You didn't ask Tom for permission to do that, did you?
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
I doubt if Tom will do that.
What kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have to do that anymore?
Tom said it was time to start thinking about how we're going to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be last.
We've spoken French together since the first time we met.
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to go swimming with us?
Tom said he wouldn't have done that if he'd thought it wasn't necessary.
I doubt if Tom will be here.
We've already decided that we'll go to Boston in October.
What makes you think that I don't want Tom to do that?
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
I don't want Tom to kiss me.
We might not stay in Boston as long as we had planned to.
What do you think Tom would've done in that situation?
Tom probably hasn't figured out yet that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom is stupid.
We invited people to our party. However, only came.
Were you with Tom when he slipped and fell on the ice?
Tom isn't likely to be finished doing that before Monday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is strong.
We don't usually get a lot of visitors this time of year.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Tom glanced at his watch and was surprised that it was already midnight.
I don't think Tom is strict.
We could come to Boston next weekend if you'd like us to.
There's no chance that Tom will ever get here on time.
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but I doubt it.
I don't think Tom is stingy.
Unfortunately, I was busy yesterday and couldn't do that.
The only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it hadn't been absolutely necessary.
I don't think Tom is sleepy.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
The doctor said that Tom could die from the infection.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could've done it by himself.
I don't think Tom is skinny.
There are several good reasons why you shouldn't do that.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that if he didn't have some help.
I don't think Tom is single.
That wine wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom needed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he would be able to do that without our help.
I don't think Tom is scared.
Pick as many apples as you want and put them in this box.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom could've been lonely, but even if he was, he wouldn't have told us.
I don't think Tom is lonely.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
Tom and I run into each other at the supermarket several times a month.
I don't think Tom is honest.
My parents were murdered when I was only three years old.
It would be more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom and I plan to get married as soon as we both graduate from college.
I don't think Tom is guilty.
My parents taught me to skate when I was three years old.
It would be better if Tom stayed with his grandmother.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he could've done it himself.
I don't think Tom is asleep.
It probably wouldn't be dangerous to do that by yourself.
Isn't there a chance that Tom is doing that right now?
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have the time.
I don't think Tom is afraid.
If you did that yesterday, you don't need to do it today.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't have to be.
Tom will be grumpy all day, since he didn't get much sleep last night.
I don't think Tom is absent.
I've already spent three times as much money as you have.
I'm sure Tom won't be cold. He's wearing a heavy coat.
Tom turned off the living room light and went upstairs to his bedroom.
I don't think Tom does that.
I'll arrange to get that done before the end of the week.
I'm sure Tom wants to do that just as badly as you do.
Tom should be able to do something as simple as that without any help.
I don't like Tom's attitude.
I'd rather wear ugly clothes than wear no clothes at all.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom sat on a stool surround by his grandchildren sitting on the floor.
I don't like Tom doing that.
I skipped lunch because I didn't have enough time to eat.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom put all his money in the box and hid it in the back of his closet.
I don't know why Tom is sad.
I play soccer better than tennis, but I like tennis more.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.
Tom just called me to tell me he'd be late because he has a flat tire.
I don't know what Tom needs.
I often ask questions that I already know the answers to.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to go to Boston.
Tom had his secretary buy his wife the birthday gift that he gave her.
I don't know what Tom meant.
I looked around for my glasses, but I couldn't find them.
I wonder if there's any possibility of Tom doing that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
I don't know what Tom likes.
I liked studying French when I was a high school student.
I wish you hadn't told Tom that I knew how to do that.
Tom could've been interested, but he didn't seem to show any interest.
I don't help Tom very often.
I hope you can understand why I'm not willing to do that.
I wish I'd spent more money on the gift I gave to Tom.
Tom and I have been working on this project for the last three months.
I don't care what Tom wears.
I finished writing the article and sent it to the editor.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him where the party was going to be.
I didn't want to let Tom go.
I expect all three of you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I went on doing that even though Tom asked me to stop.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't feel like doing that.
I didn't want to bother Tom.
I don't want to live in Boston for more than three years.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
Tom said that he wasn't able to read anything without his glasses on.
I didn't want Tom to suffer.
I don't think we should do that the way you've suggested.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't show up.
Tom realized he wouldn't likely be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think Tom was last.
I don't think I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom works now.
Tom probably hasn't figured out yet that he won't be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom was here.
I don't think I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I told Tom that I thought we might be able to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to do that before he goes home.
I didn't think Tom was busy.
I don't like living in Boston and my wife doesn't either.
I told Tom that I thought he might be able to do that.
Tom has been accused of setting fire to one of the buildings he owns.
I didn't think Tom did that.
I don't have to get up as early tomorrow as I usually do.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that.
Tom and I study at the same university, but in different departments.
I didn't tell Tom your name.
I didn't want to admit that I didn't know how to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything pressing to do.
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.
I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I didn't think you'd be awake when I got home last night.
I told Tom I thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he didn't think you could.
I didn't tell Tom about you.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that without any help.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that with you.
Tom was the only other guy who said he was interested in doing that.
I didn't notice Tom leaving.
I didn't see anyone else waiting in front of the station.
Tom was one of the few people who escaped from the burning building.
I didn't intend to hurt Tom.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that this afternoon.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how use a chain saw.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he goes by bicycle.
I didn't help Tom very much.
I didn't do that because I didn't think it was necessary.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom thought he should say something, but he didn't know what to say.
I didn't get into Tom's car.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I would be able to.
I think you should try to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom survived for three years on a small island in the Pacific Ocean.
I didn't eat lunch with Tom.
I couldn't go to the concert, because my mother was sick.
I think that perhaps Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Tom said the scenery was more beautiful than he thought it would be.
I can't wait to talk to Tom.
How much more time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I think Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help John do that.
I can't tell Tom what to do.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I think Tom would like nothing better than to do that.
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
I can't swim as well as Tom.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I think Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
Tom said he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
I can't swim as fast as Tom.
Have you made up your mind whether you'll do that or not?
I think Tom probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
I can't sing as well as Tom.
Has anyone ever accused you of being a pathological liar?
I still haven't told Tom why I'm not going to do that.
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I can tell Tom if I want to.
Didn't you know what time the meeting was going to start?
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that before she can go home.
I assumed Tom would do that.
"Is it OK if I don't do that?" "No, you have to do that."
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know who's living in the house next to his.
I asked Tom why he did that.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to want to be here.
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't have to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I asked Tom to speak French.
You're the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.
I should've told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom may understand French fairly well, but doesn't speak it so well.
I already know what Tom did.
You're the first person who has ever offered to help me.
I should probably tell Tom that I want him to do that.
Tom knows he's supposed to pay his rent on the first of every month.
How will Tom come to Boston?
You're probably the only person who can help us do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I want to do that.
Tom knew he needed to say something, but he didn't know what to say.
How often does Tom get sick?
You're probably the only person who can help me do that.
I reminded Tom that he needed to have his oil changed.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him figure out his taxes.
How is Tom coming to Boston?
You'd be disappointed if I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
I know I don't have to do anything Tom tells me to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he didn't need to do that.
Has Tom ever visited Boston?
You wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
I just can't believe Tom would do something like that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he didn't have to do that.
Has Tom ever studied French?
You weren't the only one permitted to do that, were you?
I finally found the courage to ask Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't know how to do that, but he was willing to give it a try.
Has Tom ever gone to Boston?
You taught French for a few years in Boston, didn't you?
I feel sorry for Tom because he always has to do that.
Tom can understand French fairly well, but doesn't speak it so well.
Don't permit Tom to do that.
You suggested that we do that tomorrow instead of today.
I doubt if Tom would do that if he were in your shoes.
Tom and I've been discussing the situation for the past three hours.
Don't expect Tom to do that.
You should clean your room before your mother gets home.
I don't think Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom would be here doing that now if he didn't have to be in Boston.
Does Tom work in Boston, too?
You never expected to be able to do that again, did you?
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that today.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we needed to buy.
Does Tom still teach French?
You look like you're too tired to do anything right now.
I don't think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said his house was only about three miles from where he worked.
Does Tom go to Boston often?
You look just like your father did when he was your age.
I don't think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom said he wants to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Do you think Tom is serious?
You know I'm not supposed to do that anymore, don't you?
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Do you know why Tom was mad?
You know I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
I don't think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Do you know why Tom is late?
You haven't had many opportunities to do that, have you?
I don't need to tell Tom what to do. He already knows.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Did you know Tom was hungry?
You don't think I'll be the last one to do that, do you?
I don't know whether Tom will agree to do that or not.
Tom probably just didn't know what time he was supposed to be here.
Did you know Tom was asleep?
You don't know whether I need to do that or not, do you?
I don't know whether Tom is good at doing that or not.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he'll never be able to do that again.
Did Tom come to Boston as well?
You didn't think I'd be doing that for so long, did you?
I don't believe that Tom would do something like that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
Can Tom really teach French?
You didn't think I was finished doing that yet, did you?
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't want to do that.
Can I visit Boston with Tom?
You didn't like to do that when you were a kid, did you?
I didn't think Tom would be drunk so early in the day.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't need to do that.
Ask Tom what he wants to do.
You didn't know that I needed to do that today, did you?
I didn't tell Tom that what we were doing was illegal.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't have to do that.
Ask Tom if he needs my help.
You didn't do that as much last month as you usually do.
I didn't really feel like going out drinking with Tom.
Tom could save himself a lot of trouble by just doing that himself.
"Who was there?" "Only Tom."
You broke your arm when you were a teenager, didn't you?
I didn't realize Tom was going to have to leave early.
Tom and I were very good friends when we were in elementary school.
You look a little like Tom.
You and I both know what'll happen if you don't do that.
I didn't notice Tom sitting by himself at the counter.
Tom will be going to the zoo with his children tomorrow afternoon.
You don't need to tell Tom.
Yesterday, I didn't wake up until late in the afternoon.
I didn't need to tell Tom what to do. He already knew.
Tom was afraid that people were going to say bad things about him.
You could see Tom tomorrow.
What kinds of TV programs do you watch with your family?
I didn't know why Tom needed to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books when he was in the hospital.
Would you buy that for Tom?
Were there any zebras in the zoo you went to last month?
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go fishing with.
Tom seemed to be very interested in everything that was happening.
Why's Tom coming to Boston?
We shouldn't let other people know that we've done that.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go camping with.
Tom says he doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Why won't Tom go to Boston?
We may need to be in Boston for longer than we expected.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at swimming or not.
Tom says he doesn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Why did Tom stay in Boston?
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.
I didn't know whether Tom was going to do that or not.
Tom said this isn't the first time his license has been suspended.
Why did Tom do that to you?
Sometimes we speak French, but we usually speak English.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted me to do that or not.
Tom said that he wasn't able to read anything without his glasses.
Who went shopping with Tom?
Please don't come here by car. There's no place to park.
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to put his suitcase.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Who else did that with Tom?
My parents taught me to swim when I was three years old.
I didn't have to tell Tom why because he already knew.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Where did Tom study French?
Monday is the only day of the week that I don't do that.
I didn't expect Tom to finish his homework so quickly.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who needs to do that.
When does Tom walk his dog?
Maybe it wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go to Boston with me.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how much time he'll have to do that.
When did Tom break his leg?
Mary and her husband are coming over for dinner tonight.
I already know that Tom doesn't plan to be here today.
Tom knows he isn't likely to finish painting his house in one day.
What you said made Tom mad.
Many people think that fast food is bad for your health.
I admitted to Tom that I didn't know what I was doing.
Tom isn't likely to be present at the meeting this afternoon.
What you said made Tom cry.
It would probably be interesting to do that by yourself.
How many years will it take Tom to finish high school?
Tom doesn't seem to have decided yet whether he'll do that or not.
What does Tom intend to do?
It took me a little more time than usual to fall asleep.
How many weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that.
What did you learn from Tom?
It took me a little longer than usual to get here today.
How many times do you think Tom will do that tomorrow?
Tom and I wanted to be together all the time when we were younger.
What color is Tom's jacket?
It probably wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom and I sat on the beach and talked to each other all afternoon.
We want Tom to sing for us.
It probably would've been unsafe to do that by yourself.
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom's three favorite things are chocolate, computers and guitars.
We didn't do that with Tom.
It looked like you were just about to jump off the dock.
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
Tom seems to be unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
Those are Tom's sunglasses.
It doesn't matter when you do that as long as you do it.
How did you know what time to meet Tom at the airport?
Tom says he doesn't believe you're really considering doing that.
They say that Tom did that.
If you're feeling bad, maybe you should go see a doctor.
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that for us?
Tom said there were still a lot of things that needed to be done.
These things belong to Tom.
If it hadn't been raining yesterday, I'd have done that.
Do you think Tom might be just a little too impatient?
Tom said the picnic wasn't as much fun as he thought it would be.
These glasses aren't Tom's.
I've found a pretty good new restaurant near the office.
Do you think Tom could do that without getting killed?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't enjoy doing that.
These are Tom's sunglasses.
I'm the only one who can tell you what you need to know.
Do you think Tom can do that in less than three hours?
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we need to buy.
That car is probably Tom's.
I'm not the only one who doesn't really want to be here.
Do you know anything about the movie Tom wants to see?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tell Tom to stay in Boston.
I'd understand it if you didn't want to do that with me.
Didn't you know that Tom and I often do that together?
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tell Tom to get here early.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
Didn't you know Tom was still living with his parents?
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to finish doing that today.
Tell Tom to come to Boston.
I wouldn't wear that ugly coat even if I were very cold.
Didn't you know Tom often wears a hat just like yours?
Tom knew he should say something, but he didn't know what to say.
Tell Tom he should do that.
I won't be able to move this bookcase without some help.
Did you tell Tom I didn't want him to do that anymore?
Tom is the only person I know who's likely to be able to do that.
Tell Tom he has to do that.
I wish you would stay in Boston for another week or two.
Did you know that Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
Tom is the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
Tell Tom I need to do that.
I wanted to go to Boston, but my father wouldn't let me.
Did you know that Tom lived in Boston for three years?
Tom has been accused of setting fire to one of his own buildings.
Shouldn't Tom go to Boston?
I wanted to go outside and play with the other children.
Are you going to let Tom leave without saying goodbye?
Tom either wears a gray suit or dark blue suit to work every day.
Possibly Tom won't do that.
I wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time.
All three of Tom's brothers have spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to wash the dishes.
Please tell Tom to do that.
I want to know who you gave your old washing machine to.
You'll try to persuade Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty year old.
Perhaps Tom won't buy that.
I want to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
You'll try to convince Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
My office is next to Tom's.
I thought I was going to make a lot of money doing that.
You'll help Tom do that if he asks you to, won't you?
Tom and I lived in the same apartment building for several years.
Maybe Tom wants to do that.
I thought I was going to earn a lot of money doing that.
You'd never do that the way Tom suggested, would you?
Tom and I go fishing together almost every weekend in the summer.
Maybe Tom can teach French.
I think it would be safe for you to do that by yourself.
You weren't the one who helped Tom do that, were you?
Tom will be very disappointed if doesn't pass his driver's test.
Maybe Tom can speak French.
I still have to go to Boston three more times this year.
You were the one who helped Tom do that, weren't you?
Tom used to do that quite often, but he doesn't do that anymore.
Let Tom read what he wants.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can do that.
You tried to convince Tom not to do that, didn't you?
Tom told me that he was proud of his children's accomplishments.
Let Tom have what he wants.
I don't think we should do that the way your suggesting.
You think Tom wouldn't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom told me that he thought I might be interested in doing that.
It looks like Tom is tired.
I don't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
You should probably tell Tom you're going to do that.
Tom told me that I should be finished doing that by next Monday.
Is Tom afraid of something?
I don't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that again.
Tom shouldn't have hired a babysitter who couldn't speak French.
I've warned Tom about that.
I don't think I can do everything I've been asked to do.
You seemed surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.
I've helped Tom many times.
I don't like it when a woman wearing lipstick kisses me.
You seem to be trying to get Tom to help you do that.
Tom says he doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
I'm sure that Tom did that.
I don't know any girls who are more beautiful than Mary.
You never expected Tom to refuse to do that, did you?
Tom said that he's been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
I'm sure Tom would do that.
I don't get the chance to do that as often as I used to.
You know that Tom shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
I don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning.
You know that Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be home.
I didn't want to get married until I was in my thirties.
You know I wouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't like doing that.
I'm sure Tom will be upset.
I didn't want to come to Boston, but my parents made me.
You knew that Tom didn't want to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be tired.
I didn't notice I wasn't wearing my hat till I got home.
You knew that Tom didn't need to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that he doesn't think he could ever do that by himself.
I'm sure Tom will be ready.
I didn't know there was a prison so close to your house.
You knew that Tom didn't like doing that, didn't you?
Tom said he would've done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
I'm sure Tom will be early.
I didn't know it was possible to borrow that much money.
You knew that Tom didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
I'm sure Tom will be bored.
I didn't get paid as much as they told me they'd pay me.
You knew Tom couldn't do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom said he wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing.
I'm sure Tom will be awake.
I didn't figure out how to do that until just yesterday.
You hope that Tom will be able to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
I'm sure Tom will be alone.
I didn't expect to sell my old guitar for so much money.
You haven't told Tom why I want to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
I'm not sure what Tom said.
I didn't do that yesterday because I had a bad headache.
You haven't told Tom why I need to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm glad that Tom did that.
I didn't begin to play the saxophone until I was thirty.
You haven't told Tom why I have to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that anymore.
I'll visit Boston with Tom.
I could be in Boston next week if it's really necessary.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who has to do that.
I'll never stop loving Tom.
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
I'd never buy that for Tom.
How much more time do you estimate is needed to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I wouldn't do that for Tom.
How many times have I told you I'm not going to do that?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
I wonder if Tom will be OK.
How many more years do you think you'll want to do that?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that at school.
I wonder if Tom is thirsty.
How many more years do you think you'll need to do that?
You didn't have Tom's permission to do that, did you?
Tom said he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that today.
I wonder if Tom is sincere.
How many more years do you think you'll have to do that?
You could go to Boston and spend the summer with Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know who's living in the house next to his.
I wonder if Tom is serious.
How many minutes do you think it'll take you to do that?
You asked Tom to show you how to do that, didn't you?
Tom probably doesn't know who he should ask to help him do that.
I wonder if Tom is puzzled.
How many days do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Why did you tell Tom that I didn't intend to do that?
Tom plans to go to the post office while I'm in the supermarket.
I wonder if Tom is pleased.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be dangerous.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know that he was rich.
Tom opened his eyes and realized that he was in a hospital room.
I wonder if Tom is outside.
Do you have a good relationship with your mother-in-law?
We have to cross a toll bridge to get to Tom's house.
Tom is still driving the same car he had when he was in college.
I wonder if Tom is nervous.
Did you know that we were supposed to do that yesterday?
This afternoon, I'll be at the hospital visiting Tom.
Tom invited me to stay a couple of weeks at his place in Boston.
I wonder if Tom is married.
Your gate was locked, so I thought you weren't at home.
The police said they wouldn't stop searching for Tom.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he isn't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is jealous.
You're the only person I know who can probably do that.
The only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he wasn't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is healthy.
You're the only one who volunteered to help us do that.
The only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why we should do that.
I wonder if Tom is excited.
You're likely the only person who knows how to do that.
The only one here who doesn't like doing that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why we had to do that.
I wonder if Tom is curious.
You were a waiter when you were a student, weren't you?
The only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't know that he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is correct.
You never thought you'd need to do that again, did you?
The last time Tom went to Boston was three years ago.
Tom didn't know how much money he would need for a down payment.
I wonder if Tom is bipolar.
You never thought you'd have to do that again, did you?
The first time Tom did that was when he was thirteen.
Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I wonder if Tom is annoyed.
You know that I'm still planning to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom not to do that when we're not around.
Tom and his driving instructor were both killed in the accident.
I wonder if Tom is adopted.
You didn't think you would be able to do that, did you?
Please tell Tom he has to do that sometime this week.
Tom and I sat on the doorstep talking to each other all morning.
You didn't really think I'd refuse to do that, did you?
Please tell Tom I need to do that sometime this week.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were in grade school.
I won't ask Tom to do that.
You didn't know that I wasn't able to do that, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
Tom used to do that frequently, but he doesn't do that anymore.
I was going to talk to Tom.
You didn't know that I didn't want to do that, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom spent the last years of his life writing his autobiography.
I want to help Tom do that.
You didn't know that I didn't need to do that, did you?
It would be cheaper to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom should've been exhausted after chopping that much firewood.
I want to do that with Tom.
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that, did you?
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he didn't need to do that.
I want Tom to study French.
You didn't know I no longer needed to do that, did you?
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom does that or not.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he didn't have to do that.
I told Tom to visit Boston.
You didn't have to come here. You could've just called.
Is it true that you and Tom stayed in the same hotel?
Tom says that he doesn't feel like doing that because it's hot.
I thought Tom would be shy.
You didn't have the time to do that yesterday, did you?
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to run out of money.
Tom says he still doesn't understand why you'd want to do that.
I thought Tom wasn't tired.
What you're planning to do is likely to get you killed.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that as fast as you.
Tom said that he's wanted to learn how to swim for a long time.
I thought Tom wasn't happy.
We've decided to stay in Boston for another three days.
I'm sure Tom will be ready by the time you get there.
Tom said that he thought it would probably snow this afternoon.
I thought Tom wasn't bored.
We've come up with a pretty good system for doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we should do.
I thought Tom wasn't awake.
We tried to figure out how to do that, but we couldn't.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what to do.
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that today.
I thought Tom wasn't alone.
This is the first time I've ever had to wait this long.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was too slow.
There was something written on both sides of the paper.
I'll try to find out why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was mistaken.
The number of tourists we get every year has increased.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I was going to do that.
Tom put the magazine he had just finished reading on the table.
I thought Tom was innocent.
The movie was better than I thought it was going to be.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in prison.
Tom probably doesn't yet know who's going to be at the meeting.
I thought Tom was handsome.
Perhaps it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I thought Tom was confused.
Maybe I'll come to Boston again next year at this time.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he wouldn't listen to me.
Tom offered me a beer, but I told him that I didn't drink beer.
I thought Tom was careless.
It's important that you learn how to do that correctly.
I took the pen Tom handed me and signed the document.
Tom looked around the room to make sure that everything was OK.
I thought Tom looked happy.
It would probably be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
I told Tom that I thought he should lose some weight.
Tom knew where his keys should've been, but they weren't there.
I thought Tom looked bored.
It would probably be impossible to do that by yourself.
I told Tom that I thought I might be able to do that.
Tom is feeling a little bit better today than he was yesterday.
I think Tom won't be ready.
It would probably be depressing to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you'd never permit Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston since he graduated from college.
I think Tom won't be early.
It won't be easy to figure out what caused the problem.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to stop doing that.
Tom has only been pretending that he doesn't understand French.
I think Tom won't be alone.
If you buy that now, you won't have to buy it tomorrow.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that for you.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that, but he says he'll try.
I think Tom will eat later.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's do that together.
I thought we'd be able to do what Tom asked us to do.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I think Tom will be scared.
I've loved you since the first time I laid eyes on you.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he needed to do that.
I think Tom will be lonely.
I'm the only student in our class who can speak French.
I thought Tom would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who wanted us to do that.
I think Tom will be afraid.
I'm the only person in the office who can speak French.
I thought Tom would be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I think Tom will be absent.
I'm rich, but not rich enough to buy a house like that.
I thought Tom wasn't interested in mountain climbing.
Tom didn't know how to do that, so he asked me to show him how.
I think Tom was astonished.
I wish my neighbors would get rid of their wind chimes.
I think Tom wouldn't be discouraged by these results.
Tom didn't know how to answer any of the questions on the test.
I think Tom might be lying.
I thought you said you're tried doing that three times.
I think Tom wouldn't be bored by something like that.
Tom called his wife to tell her he wouldn't be home for dinner.
I think Tom is intoxicated.
I think you don't need a driver's license to buy a car.
I think Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
Tom bought this truck the same day he got his driver's license.
I think Tom is interesting.
I think it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
I think Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
Tom and I'll be studying together in the library all afternoon.
I think Tom is hyperactive.
I spoke French today for the first time in a long time.
I think Tom would like to be ready when that happens.
Tom won't be able to tell you anything you don't already know.
I think Tom is heartbroken.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I think Tom would get here early if you asked him to.
Tom will probably be able to do that if you give him a chance.
I think Tom is from Boston.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I think Tom would be doing that, too, if he knew how.
Tom used to go to Boston five or six times a year on business.
I think Tom is embarrassed.
I pretended that I didn't know about what had happened.
I think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't want to do that.
I think Tom is discouraged.
I looked at the menu and decided to order ham and eggs.
I think Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't need to do that.
I think Tom has to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I think Tom probably isn't as old as you think he is.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom had to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I think Tom might get injured if he tries to do that.
Tom says he's been waiting for that to happen for a long time.
I think Tom didn't do that.
I hope you can understand why I'm reluctant to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
Tom said there were still a lot things that needed to be done.
I think I need to help Tom.
I hope you can understand why I'm not going to do that.
I think Tom is probably younger than you think he is.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who felt like doing that.
I still haven't kissed Tom.
I heard that you're now working as a stand-up comedian.
I think Tom could get injured if he tries to do that.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston right after the concert.
I still haven't called Tom.
I don't want my parents to know I got drunk last night.
I think Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
I should've waited for Tom.
I don't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
I think I heard Tom say that he was going to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
I should tell Tom I'm busy.
I don't think I'd be able to do that without your help.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't want to do that.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
I promised Tom I'd do that.
I don't really feel like eating Ethiopian food tonight.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't need to do that.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
I pretended to believe Tom.
I don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I persuaded Tom to do that.
I don't need to be told more than once to do something.
I sometimes go to Boston to visit Tom and his family.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that at school.
I permitted Tom to do that.
I don't like being the first one to show up at a party.
I should probably tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
Tom said he hopes to keep working here for several more years.
I never saw Tom doing that.
I don't intend to stay in Boston for more than three days.
I should probably not tell Tom that I don't like him.
Tom realized he wouldn't likely be able to do that by himself.
I need to help Tom do that.
I don't have to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
I saw Tom doing that in the park yesterday afternoon.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I love Tom and he loves me.
I don't come here every day, but I do come quite often.
I might be allowed to do that if Tom does it with me.
Tom is likely to be very unfriendly after what you did to him.
I looked at Tom's sketches.
I don't allow my children to watch TV on school nights.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't understand French.
Tom invited me to stay a couple of weeks with him next summer.
I lived in Boston with Tom.
I didn't want to do that, but I didn't have any choice.
I know Tom can't come to Boston, but I wish he would.
Tom didn't tell me he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
I know why Tom got nervous.
I didn't recognize the person across the table from me.
I helped Tom move his desk to other side of the room.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I wanted to do that.
I know why Tom got annoyed.
I didn't really feel like going to school this morning.
I helped Tom get up from the bench he was sitting on.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I needed to do that.
I know who stole Tom's car.
I didn't realize I shouldn't be doing what I was doing.
I forgot to remind Tom about his dentist appointment.
Tom didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom is unlucky.
I didn't read the contract as carefully as I should've.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will want to do that.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that before he got here.
I know that Tom is thirsty.
I didn't marry the woman my parents wanted me to marry.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will stop doing that.
Tom could be overwhelmed by all this, but I don't think he is.
I know that Tom is strange.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will quit doing that.
Tom and his three sons go camping every weekend in the summer.
I know that Tom is starved.
I didn't know what time the meeting was going to start.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will need to do that.
Tom and I were very hungry by the time we got to the campsite.
I know that Tom is sincere.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will have to do that.
Tom and I were engaged for three months before we got married.
I know that Tom is serious.
I didn't know that what I'd done was against the rules.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be absent today.
Tom and I met while we were both walking our dogs in the park.
I know that Tom is retired.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself.
I doubt if Tom will still be awake when we get there.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that if he didn't think you could.
I know that Tom is puzzled.
I didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom would've been forgiven for doing that if he'd apologized.
I know that Tom is pleased.
I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
Tom would stay in Boston longer if his parents would let him.
I know that Tom is patient.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted to buy.
I don't want to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom works from very early in the morning until late at night.
I know that Tom is outside.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed to buy.
I don't understand why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom won't know whether he can do that or not unless he tries.
I know that Tom is nervous.
I didn't feel like telling everybody why I was leaving.
I don't think we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
Tom will probably tell his friends that he's going to Boston.
I know that Tom is married.
I didn't decide to become a teacher until I was thirty.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if you did that.
Tom wanted to be here, but he had to be somewhere else today.
I know that Tom is jittery.
I did that yesterday for the first time in a long time.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
Tom told me that he'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
I know that Tom is jealous.
How much more time do you think you'll need to do that?
I don't think Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
Tom told me that he never thought he'd be able to walk again.
I know that Tom is healthy.
How much more time do you think you'll have to do that?
I don't think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
Tom soon found out why none of his friends wanted to do that.
I know that Tom is furious.
How many more months will it take to finish doing that?
I don't think Tom will be as careful as he should be.
Tom shouldn't have been mountain climbing on a day like that.
I know that Tom is finicky.
How many months do you think it'll take you to do that?
I don't think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I know that Tom is excited.
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that by himself.
Tom says Australia is his favorite place to visit in October.
I know that Tom is engaged.
Even someone as strong as you won't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom really had to do that this morning.
Tom said we needed at least $to buy everything we needed.
I know that Tom is curious.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough money.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom said it's what he wasn't doing that made the coach angry.
I know that Tom is correct.
Do you really think it would be interesting to do that?
I don't think Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
Tom said it probably wouldn't take very much time to do that.
I know that Tom is careful.
Do you often think about what you want to do in the future?
I don't think I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
Tom said he's been trying to fix the air conditioner all day.
I know that Tom is at home.
Did you know there are three other Toms at this school?
I don't really feel like playing backgammon with Tom.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
I know that Tom is annoyed.
Did you know it was possible to borrow that much money?
I don't know whether Tom is telling the truth or not.
Tom said he was hoping to get home before it started raining.
I know that Tom is adopted.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that with you.
I don't know where Tom wants me to put his suitcases.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that today.
I knew where Tom was going.
About how many minutes does it usually take to do that?
I don't know where Tom wants me to plant the lettuce.
Tom said he might come to Boston next week or the week after.
I just told Tom what I did.
Your lights weren't on, so I thought you weren't home.
I don't know where Tom is going to be this afternoon.
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that anymore.
I invited Tom to our party.
You're the only one working here who can speak French.
I didn't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I hoped Tom would be there.
You'd stop doing that if I asked you to, wouldn't you?
I didn't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
Tom said he doesn't understand why you don't want to do that.
I hope you'll speak to Tom.
You'd like to know why I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
I didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom said I should've stayed in Boston for another week or so.
I hope Tom isn't terrified.
You weren't the only one who had to do that, were you?
I didn't think that Tom would be in Boston this week.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he'll never be able to do that.
I hope Tom isn't desperate.
You weren't the only one allowed to do that, were you?
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
I hope Tom isn't depressed.
You weren't the first one to try to do that, were you?
I didn't think Tom would be the first one to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
I hope Tom does that today.
You weren't surprised that I had to do that, were you?
I didn't think Tom would be here, but I'm glad he is.
Tom practiced the piano every day when he was in high school.
I hope Tom comes to Boston.
You were told not to do that by yourself, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom wanted to be on the baseball team.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he needs to do.
I helped Tom with his work.
You were supposed to do that by yourself, weren't you?
I didn't tell Tom why I was planning to go to Boston.
Tom has just finished doing what he should've done last week.
I helped Tom up the stairs.
You were hoping we could do that for you, weren't you?
I didn't tell Tom that the meeting had been canceled.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he dug himself.
I helped Tom set the table.
You want to be finished doing that by 2:30, don't you?
I didn't realize that Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I helped Tom into the taxi.
You probably thought I didn't have a driver's license.
I didn't know you had spent so much time helping Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he was supposed to do that.
I helped Tom into the boat.
You need to be more careful the next time you do that.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go hiking with.
Tom didn't seem to be doing what he was supposed to be doing.
I heard that Tom does that.
You look thinner than you did the last time I saw you.
I didn't know who Tom was going to go to Boston with.
Tom didn't seem to be able to do that, so I did that for him.
I haven't seen Tom do that.
You knew there was no way I could do that, didn't you?
I didn't know who Tom wanted to go to the dance with.
Tom didn't know how to do that, but he tried to do it anyway.
I expected Tom to be there.
You knew it wasn't a good idea to do that, didn't you?
I didn't know whether Tom intended to do that or not.
Tom didn't know how to do that until he was thirty years old.
I doubt if Tom will be shy.
You knew I didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help me.
Tom could be cooperative. I guess we'll find out soon enough.
I don't want to let Tom go.
You hope to be finished doing that by 2:30, don't you?
I didn't know what Tom's reasons for doing that were.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up until the meeting was over.
I don't want Tom to suffer.
You have to be more careful the next time you do that.
I didn't know that you were going to Boston with Tom.
Tom and his girlfriend spent all afternoon at the art museum.
I don't think that's Tom's.
You didn't want anyone to see you doing that, did you?
I didn't know that Tom was planning to do that today.
Tom and I have been really good friends for a very long time.
I don't think Tom is wrong.
You didn't think we would be able to do that, did you?
I didn't know if Tom would be able to do that or not.
Tom's wife died in 2013. Tom himself died three years later.
I don't think Tom is upset.
You didn't think I would be doing that today, did you?
I didn't know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom's comments were unrelated to what we were talking about.
I don't think Tom is tired.
You didn't seem to understand why I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be present at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
I don't think Tom is right.
You didn't seem to understand why I needed to do that.
I didn't know Tom and you were married to each other.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. You'll need to help him.
I don't think Tom is pushy.
You didn't know you were supposed to do that, did you?
I did everything I could to keep Tom from doing that.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help him.
I don't think Tom is happy.
You didn't know it was impossible to do that, did you?
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom will probably be cold if he doesn't wear a heavier coat.
I don't think Tom is funny.
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom was in the garden pulling weeds all yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is drunk.
You could come to Boston and spend the summer with me.
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom wanted to say something, but he didn't know what to say.
I don't think Tom is broke.
You and I both know what'll happen if I don't do that.
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom told me that he'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
I don't think Tom is brave.
You and I are the only ones who know about this place.
How many days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom told me that he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I don't think Tom is bored.
Why weren't you here yesterday like you said you'd be?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting injured?
Tom told me he wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with him.
I don't think Tom is blind.
We both need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Do you have any idea how many weeks Tom will do that?
Tom told me he didn't want to wait until October to do that.
I don't think Tom is awake.
There are several good reasons why you should do that.
Do you have any idea how many hours Tom will do that?
Tom thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
I don't think Tom is angry.
The police spokesman said no suspects were in custody.
Didn't you know there was another Tom at this school?
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom is alone.
The lady who dropped her wineglass seemed embarrassed.
Didn't you know that Tom passed away three years ago?
Tom started working here as a janitor and now he's the boss.
I don't think I scared Tom.
Let me take a picture of you in front of the fountain.
Didn't you know Tom is also a pretty good bassoonist?
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that without our help.
I don't like Tom's friends.
It'll take you at least three days to finish this job.
Didn't you know Tom and I were married to each other?
Tom says he doesn't know whether he'll have time to do that.
I don't like Tom's cooking.
It would probably be dangerous to do that by yourself.
Did you know that it took Tom three hours to do that?
Tom says he and his friends like to go to the park together.
I don't know Tom's brother.
It would be ridiculous to try doing that by ourselves.
Did you know that Tom almost never does that anymore?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I don't know Tom's address.
It won't be easy to determine what caused the problem.
Did you know Tom has several very valuable paintings?
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
I don't care what Tom eats.
It started to rain as soon as we got the tent pitched.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who did that.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help John.
I don't believe Tom at all.
It probably would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
All three of Tom's brothers are on the baseball team.
Tom said his life has changed a lot in the last three years.
I didn't think Tom was shy.
If you're finished reading the paper, could I have it?
You'll ask Tom for permission to do that, won't you?
Tom said he'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
I didn't see Tom yesterday.
If you do that every day, you'll get good at doing it.
You were impressed by how Tom did that, weren't you?
Tom said he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
I didn't notice Tom go out.
If we had children, we would've bought a bigger house.
You tried to talk Tom out of doing that, didn't you?
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
I didn't like what Tom did.
If it had rained yesterday, I wouldn't have done that.
You think Tom will be tempted to do that, don't you?
Tom said he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
I didn't lay a hand on Tom.
I'd be very disappointed if I didn't get into college.
You still haven't told Tom how to do that, have you?
Tom said he was stranded on a desert island for three years.
I didn't go to Tom's party.
I wonder if I can learn how to do that in three hours.
You still don't know why Tom has to do that, do you?
Tom said he was going to do that every day after he retired.
I didn't care what Tom did.
I won't do that right away, but I'll do it eventually.
You should tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
I couldn't get Tom to do that.
I want to know why you haven't written the report yet.
You should tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
I convinced Tom to do that.
I want to know whether or not you'll be ready by 2:30.
You should probably tell Tom why you had to do that.
I can go to Boston for Tom.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom that you can't do that.
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that by himself.
I bought this car from Tom.
I thought you were supposed to be in Boston this week.
You should probably tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that by himself.
I asked Tom not to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to learn how to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom to do that for you.
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that by himself.
I asked Tom how to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to do that this morning.
You know why Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
Tom said he didn't want to try doing that without some help.
I arrived earlier than Tom.
I think I'm the only person here who can speak French.
You knew that Tom was trying to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
How will Tom get to Boston?
I still have some unfinished business to take care of.
You knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
How long was Tom in prison?
I saw a couple sitting on a park bench, holding hands.
You don't really think Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom replied that he thought it would be possible to do that.
How is Tom going to Boston?
I remember many of the stories my grandmother told me.
You don't really think Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom refused to tell me how much his new motorcycle cost him.
Has Tom done that recently?
I made more money on that deal than I thought I would.
You don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom, do you?
Everyone did that, but Tom.
I hope you can understand why I'm hesitant to do that.
You don't know when Tom is going to do that, do you?
Tom is the only one who seems to know what needs to be done.
Doesn't Tom live in Boston?
I hope you can understand why I don't want to do that.
You don't care whether Tom does that or not, do you?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be enjoying himself.
Does Tom speak French well?
I don't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
You didn't think Tom would want to do that, did you?
Tom is still doing the same thing he was doing this morning.
Do you think Tom is afraid?
I don't really feel like going to school this morning.
You didn't think Tom would need to do that, did you?
Tom is fortunate that his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
Do you know why Tom is mad?
I don't know whether I'll have time to do that or not.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was doing that.
Tom found it hard to pretend to be interested in doing that.
Did you know Tom was tired?
I don't know how to do that as well as most people do.
You didn't know Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
Tom expects all three of us to do the same thing he's doing.
Did you find Tom's address?
I don't intend to come back to Boston until next October.
You didn't know Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
Could you buy that for Tom?
I didn't wake up as early as I should've this morning.
You didn't know Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
Ask Tom when he'll do that.
I didn't think there was any reason we had to do that.
You didn't expect Tom to refuse to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he's supposed to do that.
"Where's Tom?" "In Boston."
I didn't think I would be finished doing that by 2:30.
You didn't apologize to Tom for doing that, did you?
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what was happening.
Your answer surprised Tom.
I didn't take the warning seriously until it was late.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that.
You'd better not hurt Tom.
I didn't realize I wasn't going to be able to do that.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to help him.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what had happened.
I'm fairly certain Tom can't do that.
I didn't learn how to swim until I was in my thirties.
You and I are the only people Tom says he can trust.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he had to do that.
You look nothing like Tom.
I didn't know you were still living with your parents.
Why don't you let Tom know that you want to do that?
Tom didn't live long enough to see his daughter get married.
You don't help Tom enough.
I didn't know what to do with all the money I'd found.
Why don't you let Tom know that you need to do that?
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
You could do that for Tom.
I didn't know that I was supposed to help you do that.
Why don't you let Tom know that you have to do that?
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
Will Tom do that tomorrow?
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know how rich he was.
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Why's Tom studying French?
I didn't know anything at all about what had happened.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who wanted to do that.
Why's Tom speaking French?
I didn't have time to read the newspaper this morning.
This is the first time Tom has ever been on a plane.
Tom didn't know how to play the guitar until just last year.
Why's Tom going to Boston?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
The only one here who's reluctant to do that is Tom.
Tom asked me several questions that I didn't want to answer.
Why does Tom do that here?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
The neighbor's dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
Tom's mother told him he could do anything he wanted to do.
Why did Tom hide his face?
I didn't get up this morning as early as I usually do.
Please make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it was really necessary.
Who told you Tom did that?
I didn't come all the way from Boston just to do this.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
Tom would've come to Boston with me if he hadn't been busy.
Who does Tom do that with?
I could come to Boston next week if you need me there.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom won't likely be as exhausted today as he was yesterday.
Where was Tom last summer?
I can't do that now because I'm not feeling very well.
It would be faster to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom will be heartbroken when he finds out his dog has died.
When did Tom get arrested?
I can explain this in more detail if you'd like me to.
It would be easier to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
What you did made Tom cry.
I bought this pair of shoes for three hundred dollars.
It was very generous of Tom to donate so much money.
Tom told the police that he had been attacked by three men.
What did Tom do yesterday?
How much more time do you think it'll take to do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Tom told me that I needed to be present at today's meeting.
Those don't belong to Tom.
How much longer to you think I need to stay in Boston?
I've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom told me he didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
These don't belong to Tom.
How many weeks do you think it'll take you to do that?
I've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
These aren't Tom's gloves.
How many times a month do you visit your grandparents?
I've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom suggested that we stay at his house instead of a hotel.
Tell Tom to lock the door.
How many more years will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be impressed by this painting.
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach over the summer break.
Tell Tom to do that later.
How many more weeks will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom won't be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom should've been alone, but he was with three other guys.
Tell Tom to buy some eggs.
How many more hours will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom will be irritated by the traffic noise.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him why we should do that.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
How many months do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him why we had to do that.
Please tell Tom the truth.
How many hours do you think it'll take you to do that?
I'd never seen Tom do anything that impolite before.
Tom says he thinks it might not be so expensive to do that.
Please ask Tom to do that.
How many grams of meat do you usually cook per person?
I wonder what I should do if Tom doesn't do that.
Tom says he overheard both sides of the phone conversation.
Perhaps Tom won't do that.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough time.
I wish you hadn't told Tom I had trouble doing that.
Tom says he doesn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Perhaps Tom is having fun.
Do you think you can do that in less than three hours?
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom does.
Tom says he can do that with one hand tied behind his back.
My parents don't like Tom.
Do you really think it would be ridiculous to do that?
I wanted to do that today, but Tom begged me not to.
Tom said that he's been wanting to do that for a long time.
My house is next to Tom's.
Do you really think it would be impossible to do that?
I want to know how much time it took Tom to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Let's tell Tom to do that.
Do you really think it would be depressing to do that?
I told Tom to stop doing that, but he did it anyway.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Let Tom eat what he wants.
Didn't you know that very few people actually do that?
I told Tom that I didn't have permission to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can do that by yourself.
Let Tom buy what he wants.
Didn't you know it was possible to get there by train?
I thought you said you'd never allow Tom to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be possible.
It's snowing where Tom is.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry about?
I thought you said you were glad Tom didn't do that.
Tom said his family was more important to him than his job.
It's raining where Tom is.
As I told you before, you need to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom didn't know how to play the saxophone.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston right after the game.
It looks like Tom is cold.
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.
I thought I'd be able to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that by himself.
It looks like Tom is busy.
Are you still thinking of going to Boston next summer?
I think Tom wouldn't be nervous at a time like this.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Is Tom obliged to do that?
Always doing the same thing every day must get boring.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that again.
I've never seen Tom's dog.
All the children seem to be having trouble doing that.
I think Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I'm sure Tom will be slow.
"Will you play tennis tomorrow?" "No, we'll play golf."
I think Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom said he doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I'm sure Tom will be home.
"Do I have to do that again?" "No, you don't need to."
I think Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
I'm sure Tom will be fair.
"Are you going to go see that movie" "Yes, I plan to."
I think Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
I'm positive Tom did that.
You're the only person in the office who can do that.
I think Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
Tom said he can speak French, but he can't really speak it.
I'm not going Tom's party.
You're the only person I know who can't speak French.
I think Tom could be ready by the time you get here.
Tom said doing that was easier than he thought it would be.
I'm glad Tom spoke French.
You're the only one who wants to go home early today.
I should've been able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom probably thought he was going to need to do that today.
I'll go to Boston for Tom.
You're the only one who seems to know how to do that.
I should probably tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom probably thought he was going to have to do that today.
I'd never let Tom do that.
You're the first person to ever ask me that question.
I should probably not tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom probably knows more about the accident than he told us.
I wouldn't do that to Tom.
You're likely the only person who is able to do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I can't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether he has to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is stoned.
You're getting better because you practice every day.
I should probably not tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether I need to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is sleepy.
You'll be able to do that if you put your mind to it.
I never thought Tom would come back to Boston again.
Tom probably doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is scared.
You won't be able to do that without some assistance.
I know this isn't the first time Tom has lied to us.
Tom never gave up and eventually was able to get that done.
I wonder if Tom is lonely.
You were able to do that without any problems, right?
I knew Tom was going to be arrested sooner or later.
Tom is the only person I know who can play the French horn.
I wonder if Tom is hungry.
You tried to do that yesterday afternoon, didn't you?
I got Tom to go to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Tom is one of the thirty people who didn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is honest.
You think I'm getting tired of doing that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that that will embarrass Tom.
Tom is one of the thirty people who didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is guilty.
You should sell your shares now before it's too late.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he should do.
I wonder if Tom is biased.
You should make sure that Mary doesn't do that today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be disobedient.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he has to do.
I wonder if Tom is asleep.
You never thought I'd want to do that again, did you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be discouraged.
Tom has been in the living room reading a book all morning.
I wonder if Tom is afraid.
You look more like your grandfather than your father.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cooperative.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
I wasn't at Tom's funeral.
You look like you were half expecting this to happen.
I don't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at a party.
I wasn't able to save Tom.
You know why I wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
I don't want to say anything that'll make Tom angry.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I wasn't able to meet Tom.
You know they won't permit you to do that, don't you?
I don't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
Tom didn't take the medicine that the doctor had given him.
I wasn't able to help Tom.
You know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow, don't you?
I don't think you could persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't able to find Tom.
You knew I was supposed to do that today, didn't you?
I don't think Tom would've permitted you to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he didn't have to do that.
I wanted a picture of Tom.
You don't think I'm interested in doing that, do you?
I don't think Tom would still be willing to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I had to do that.
I want to see you and Tom.
You don't think I'm going to do that anymore, do you?
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that by himself.
I want to see Tom do that.
You don't really want to go swimming with us, do you?
I don't think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom asked me to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
I visited Boston with Tom.
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to eat.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that very well.
Tom and I've decided to go to Boston together next weekend.
I told Tom the same thing.
You didn't seem to be aware that I needed to do that.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that this week.
Tom and I worked together on that project for three months.
I thought Tom wasn't here.
You didn't seem convinced that you needed to do that.
I don't think Tom really likes doing that very much.
Tom and I talked about what we'd do if that happened to us.
I thought Tom wasn't cold.
You didn't really come here just to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car like that.
Tom and I sat next to each other in French class last year.
I thought Tom was worried.
You didn't know that I was going to do that, did you?
I don't think I understand what Tom is trying to do.
Tom and I aren't the only ones here who can't speak French.
I thought Tom was outside.
You didn't know that I had to do that today, did you?
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom do that.
Tom advised me not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I thought Tom was nervous.
You believe doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
I don't like Tom and I don't like his sister either.
Tom admitted he was the one who ate the last piece of cake.
I thought Tom was jealous.
Would you like to try some raspberry jam that I made?
I don't know why Tom was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom would be healthier if he didn't eat so much junk food.
I thought Tom was at home.
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that by myself?
I don't know why Tom needs to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom worked as a teacher in Boston until his death in 2013.
I think that car is Tom's.
Who needs to be at the meeting in Boston next Monday?
I don't know whether Tom is good at swimming or not.
Tom won't likely be interested in going to the art museum.
I think that Tom did that.
We'll keep doing that unless someone tells us not to.
I don't know whether Tom is going to do that or not.
Tom won't be able to do everything you've asked him to do.
I think Tom would be fair.
We should probably change the locks on all the doors.
I don't know whether Tom intended to do that or not.
Tom was the first one to give me advice on how to do that.
I think Tom won't be late.
We can stay in Boston a few more days if you want to.
I don't know how much time Tom will need to do that.
Tom was carrying two suitcases and had a pack on his back.
I think Tom won't be last.
The movie was much better than I thought it would be.
I don't know how much time Tom will have to do that.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he walks.
I think Tom won't be cold.
The cat jumped off the couch and hid under the table.
I don't always arrive on time, but Tom usually does.
Tom used to carry his ukulele with him everywhere he went.
I think Tom will be upset.
Taste it and see if you think I should add more salt.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom while he was talking.
Tom told me he'd wait for us in front of the Hilton Hotel.
I think Tom will be first.
One of my sons is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
I didn't think that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I think Tom will be early.
Neither of us wants to do that, but one of us has to.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself.
Tom still has the car his father gave him three years ago.
I think Tom will be bored.
My parents would never let me go to Boston by myself.
I didn't think Tom would get bored, but I was wrong.
Tom sleeps with his window open, no matter how cold it is.
I think Tom will be alone.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be the last one to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he needed to do that.
I think Tom is unemployed.
My father told me that I shouldn't read books in bed.
I didn't think Tom would be glad that that happened.
Tom says he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
I think Tom is suspicious.
Maybe it wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that this morning.
Tom says he doesn't know if he has enough time to do that.
I think Tom is overworked.
Maybe I should stay in Boston for another week or so.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative, but he was.
Tom said three of those boys are the ones who beat him up.
I think Tom is interested.
It's been a long time since we've done that together.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that by himself.
Tom said there were muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
I think Tom is frustrated.
It's absolutely necessary for me to do that tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom what time he should come tomorrow.
Tom said the committee was going to vote on that tomorrow.
I think Tom is frightened.
It would probably be possible to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom that the picnic had been canceled.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen in the near future.
I think Tom is downstairs.
It would be almost impossible to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom that he needed to be more careful.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen again anytime soon.
I think Tom is doing that.
It took me a little longer than usual to fall asleep.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who liked doing that.
I think Tom is displeased.
It should be possible for you to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom his parents were getting divorced.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who hated doing that.
I think Tom is disgusting.
It probably wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
I didn't really think Tom did that without any help.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
I think Tom is delusional.
It doesn't look like you're interested in doing that.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't having a good time.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
I think Tom is colorblind.
If you don't want that book anymore, could I have it?
I didn't notice that Tom was wearing a wedding ring.
Tom said he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
I think Tom has done that.
If it had rained, I probably wouldn't have done that.
I didn't know why Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
I think Tom can't do that.
I've just made a pot of coffee. Would you like a cup?
I didn't know who Tom was planning to see in Boston.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that again.
I spoke to Tom about that.
I've heard that this is the oldest city in the world.
I didn't know whether what Tom said was true or not.
Tom said he probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
I should've talked to Tom.
I've gained a lot of weight in the last three months.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at skiing or not.
Tom said he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
I should've smiled at Tom.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at French or not.
Tom said he didn't want to do anything until it got light.
I should've protected Tom.
I wouldn't work in Boston even if you paid me double.
I didn't know whether Tom could speak French or not.
Tom said he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that.
I should help Tom do that.
I wish I had more time to do things with my children.
I didn't know when Tom was planning to go to Boston.
Tom said I should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
I should apologize to Tom.
I went swimming with some of my friends last weekend.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to quit his job.
Tom remarried his first wife after he divorced his third.
I saw that movie with Tom.
I was annoyed by the constant dripping of the faucet.
I didn't know Tom was still living with his parents.
Tom probably won't have to stay in the hospital overnight.
I might not see Tom today.
I warned you what would happen if you didn't do that.
I didn't get a chance to thank Tom for all his help.
Tom probably doesn't really know how to play the trombone.
I made Tom do that for me.
I thought you weren't supposed to be doing that here.
I already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
I looked at Tom's picture.
I thought you said you've only tried doing that once.
How much time do you think Tom will need to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
I looked at Tom's drawing.
I thought you said you were the first one to do that.
How much time do you think Tom will have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
I know where Tom did that.
I thought you said you were interested in doing that.
How many sandwiches did Tom take to school with him?
Tom probably didn't even have known about today's meeting.
I know what Tom has to do.
I thought you said you wanted me to buy that for you.
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom pretended not to notice what was written on the board.
I know that Tom is strong.
I thought that maybe we could do that together later.
How did you know Tom only ate fruits and vegetables?
Tom plays the banjo with one of the local bluegrass bands.
I know that Tom is strict.
I think it's finally time for us to start doing that.
Even though I told Tom he shouldn't do that, he did.
Tom often tries to do that, but still hasn't been able to.
I know that Tom is stoned.
I hope to stay in Boston for a few weeks next spring.
Even though I told Tom he should do that, he didn't.
Tom may want to stay in Boston until the end of the month.
I know that Tom is stingy.
I don't want to get married until I'm in my thirties.
Even though I told Tom he had to do that, he didn't.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless you do the same thing.
I know that Tom is sleepy.
I don't think I could've done that without your help.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would cost us more.
Tom isn't likely to be very hungry when he gets home.
I know that Tom is single.
I don't think I can afford to buy a new computer now.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be efficient.
Tom isn't likely to be gone by the time we get there.
I know that Tom is scared.
I don't really enjoy playing games on my phone.
Does Tom want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he ought to.
I know that Tom is lonely.
You don't need to apologize. You've done nothing wrong.
Do you think Tom would still be hesitant to do that?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he needs to.
I know that Tom is insane.
I don't like being the one who always has to do that.
Do you think Tom could do that without getting hurt?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
I know that Tom is hungry.
I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
Do you think Tom can do that without getting killed?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were asked to do that.
I know that Tom is guilty.
I don't have enough money to buy the computer I want.
Do you really think Tom would permit you to do that?
Tom is likely to be the one responsible for what happened.
I know that Tom is grumpy.
I don't care who does that as long as it gets done.
Do you have any idea how many days Tom will do that?
Tom is able to do that with one hand tied behind his back.
I know that Tom is greedy.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Tom has said he intends to pay back all the money he owes.
I know that Tom is famous.
I didn't want to do that, but I felt I had no choice.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Tom has probably known how to do that since he was a baby.
I know that Tom is biased.
I didn't think you'd be drinking so early in the day.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be here today?
Tom has been good, so he could stay longer if he wants to.
I know that Tom is asleep.
I didn't think you would be the first one to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom had a house on Park Street?
Tom got a book down from the shelf and started reading it.
I know that Tom is afraid.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Didn't you know Tom was very good at playing soccer?
Tom doesn't want to discourage you from trying to do that.
I know that Tom is absent.
I didn't take the medicine my doctor told me to take.
Didn't you know Tom was still a high school student?
Tom doesn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
I know that Tom does that.
I didn't read everything as carefully as I should've.
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston for a long time?
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I know Tom's phone number.
I didn't know you used to be a professional musician.
Didn't you know Tom didn't know how to speak French?
Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
I know Tom went to Boston.
I didn't know what time the party was going to start.
Did you know that Tom was in a coma for three years?
Tom didn't want to do that, but he didn't have any choice.
I know Tom visited Boston.
I didn't know what the wood was going to be used for.
Did you know that Tom saw you in the park yesterday?
Tom didn't tell me that he was the one who had to do that.
I know Tom is over thirty.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that by yourself.
Did you know that Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Tom didn't know what was in the box that was on the table.
I know Tom has to do that.
I didn't know that what I'd done was against the law.
Did you know Tom was going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.
I know I can count on Tom.
I didn't know how to play tennis when I was thirteen.
Did you know Tom used to be a professional musician?
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that yesterday.
I knew what Tom had to do.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom is very good at playing basketball?
Tom didn't figure out how to do that until just yesterday.
I invited Tom to my party.
I didn't have enough space to do what I wanted to do.
Ask Tom if he has enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom could've been punished for what he did, but he wasn't.
I hoped Tom would do that.
I didn't find out I was adopted until I was thirteen.
All three of Tom's brothers are planning to do that.
Tom and I studied French at the same university in Boston.
I hoped Tom could do that.
I didn't eat the salad because there was bacon in it.
About how many times do you think Tom has done that?
Tom and I stayed at the same hotel when we were in Boston.
I hope that Tom does that.
I didn't do that as much last week as I usually does.
You'll try to find out why Tom did that, won't you?
Tom admitted he was the one who left the windows unlocked.
I hope Tom isn't punished.
I didn't come to school yesterday because I got sick.
You'll never be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without your help.
I hope Tom isn't offended.
I didn't care how it got done as long as it got done.
You weren't able to convince Tom do that, were you?
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had more the time.
I hope Tom isn't mistaken.
How much time do you think it'll take you to do that?
You were worried Tom wouldn't do that, weren't you?
Tom won't likely get cold since he's dressed very warmly.
I hope Tom isn't confused.
How much time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
You told Tom I could do that by myself, didn't you?
Tom won't likely be interested in going to an art museum.
I hope Tom isn't careless.
How much more time do you think is needed to do that?
You still hope Tom will do that for you, don't you?
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I hope Tom isn't arrested.
How many years do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You should've waited until Tom got here to do that.
Tom wasn't able to find the documents he was looking for.
I hope Tom is sympathetic.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You should probably tell Tom you intend to do that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom is still alive.
How many textbooks did you have to buy this semester?
You should probably tell Tom why he should do that.
Tom was the first person who has ever offered to help me.
I hope Tom is cooperative.
How many more days will it take to finish doing that?
You should help Tom carry the boxes out to his car.
Tom was the first one who said he didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom goes to Boston.
How many hours do you think you watched TV last week?
You know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tom was sleeping on the sofa when I walked into the room.
I hope Tom gets back soon.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You knew Tom didn't plan on doing that, didn't you?
Tom was in his room listening to music all day yesterday.
I helped Tom out of a jam.
How many days do you think it'll take you to do that?
You knew Tom didn't do that on purpose, didn't you?
Tom told me that I need to be present at today's meeting.
I helped Tom open the box.
Don't forget that you need to pay your rent tomorrow.
You knew Tom didn't do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom told me he wouldn't do that unless I did it with him.
I helped Tom dye his hair.
Do you think you can do that without getting injured?
You hope that Tom won't do that anymore, don't you?
Tom started going bald when he was in his early thirties.
I helped Tom buy this car.
Do you really think it would be unethical to do that?
You hope Tom doesn't tell us to do that, don't you?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I wanted to do that.
I helped Tom a little bit.
Do you really think it would be expensive to do that?
You haven't yet convinced Tom to do that, have you?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I needed to do that.
I heard that Tom did that.
Do you really think it would be enjoyable to do that?
You haven't done that as much as Tom has, have you?
Tom says he's going to do all his homework before dinner.
I had to help Tom do that.
Do you really think it would be dangerous to do that?
You had a hunch that Tom would do that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that kind of thing.
I got very angry with Tom.
Do you really believe that black cats cause bad luck?
You don't seem convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to do that very well.
I expected Tom to help me.
Didn't you know you weren't supposed to do that here?
You don't know why Tom asked me to do that, do you?
Tom said the solution to the problem wasn't very obvious.
I expected Tom to do that.
Didn't you know you weren't going to pass this class?
You didn't think Tom would really do that, did you?
Tom said the scenery was more beautiful than he expected.
I expected Tom to be here.
Didn't you know there's more than one way to do this?
You didn't tell Tom I intended to do that, did you?
Tom said that he thought the judge's decision was unfair.
I doubt Tom would do that.
Didn't you know that your taillights weren't working?
You didn't know why Tom wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said that he thought it would be possible to do that.
I don't think Tom is ugly.
About how many hours does it usually take to do that?
You didn't know why Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be enough.
I don't think Tom is sure.
You're the only person I know who drinks white wine.
You didn't know Tom would do that so well, did you?
Tom said that I don't need to do that if I don't want to.
I don't think Tom is slow.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
You didn't know Tom had already done that, did you?
Tom said that I don't have to do that if I don't want to.
I don't think Tom is sick.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
You didn't know I had to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom said it isn't uncommon to see that kind of bird here.
I don't think Tom is rich.
You're the only Canadian I've ever gone skiing with.
You didn't believe Tom would ever do that, did you?
Tom said he'd appreciate it if you could do that for him.
I don't think Tom is nosy.
You're the one who told me that I shouldn't do that.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to talk to.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would snow.
I don't think Tom is nice.
You're not going to be happy when you hear the news.
Why haven't you helped Tom like you said you would?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
I don't think Tom is lazy.
You're not actually going to do that today, are you?
Why do you think Tom might be reluctant to do that?
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is here.
You'd have to be deranged to do something like that.
Why did you tell Tom I thought he couldn't do that?
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is done.
You'd be stupid if you tried to do that by yourself.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have time to do that?
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom is cute.
You weren't very interested in doing that, were you?
Who told you Tom would want to go swimming with us?
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that again.
I don't think Tom is cold.
You weren't the one who actually did that, were you?
When I got home, Tom was asleep on the front porch.
Tom said he thought he could do that if he had some help.
I don't know how Tom died.
You weren't actually the one who did that, were you?
What do you want to do while we're waiting for Tom?
Tom said he probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
I didn't want to kiss Tom.
You were very the first one to do that, weren't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that by himself.
I didn't want Tom to sing.
You were the one who wanted to do that, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that by himself.
I didn't pay Tom anything.
You were the first person who did that, weren't you?
This is the first time Tom has ever been in Boston.
Tom said he has something he wanted to do this afternoon.
I didn't notice Tom leave.
You were actually the one who did that, weren't you?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I did that.
Tom said he has something he needed to do this afternoon.
I didn't help Tom do that.
You think that doing that is a good idea, don't you?
The way Tom does that seems a little strange to me.
Tom said he didn't know how to do that until last summer.
I didn't hear Tom come in.
You think doing that would be worthwhile, don't you?
That wasn't the only reason why Tom had to do that.
Tom promised me he'd pay back the money he owes me today.
I didn't have to help Tom.
You still don't know who's going to do that, do you?
So far, Tom is the only one who's said he's coming.
Tom probably just didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I didn't ask Tom anything.
You shouldn't have done that without our permission.
Please tell Tom to buy a couple of loaves of bread.
Tom probably just didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I didn't apologize to Tom.
You should've been able to do that without our help.
Please make sure Tom does what he's supposed to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I didn't actually hit Tom.
You should've been able to do that without any help.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
Tom probably doesn't know how to explain how he did that.
I did that instead of Tom.
You often speak French with your friends, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
I can swim, but Tom can't.
You know why I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I came to Boston with Tom.
You know I was supposed to do that today, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
Tom pretended not to notice what was written on the sign.
How did Tom break his leg?
You knew we weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
It was very considerate of you to buy that for Tom.
Tom let go of the rope and the bucket fell into the well.
How badly was Tom injured?
You haven't had the chance to do that yet, have you?
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom knew there were plenty of people who agreed with him.
Have you ever lied to Tom?
You haven't done that in a very long time, have you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
Tom knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Even Tom can speak French.
You have our full support no matter what you decide.
I'm sure Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom isn't able to do that alone. You'll have to help him.
Did Tom like it in Boston?
You don't think I want to do that right now, do you?
Tom is the only one who won't be at the meeting tomorrow.
Ask Tom to come to Boston.
You don't know when I'm supposed to do that, do you?
I'm staying at the same hotel where Tom is staying.
Tom is planning to buy a small island just off the coast.
Ask Tom if we can do that.
You don't have to go to Boston if you don't want to.
Tom is one of the three guys who weren't able to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to go.
You didn't think I'd be tempted to do that, did you?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were told to do that.
Ask Tom if he can do that.
You didn't seem to be having any trouble doing that.
I wouldn't allow Tom to go to Boston if I were you.
Tom hasn't told me where he wants me to put his suitcase.
Are you sure Tom is ready?
You didn't seem to be aware that you had to do that.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom has three sons who are professional baseball players.
"Who did that?" "Tom did."
You didn't look like you were in a hurry to do that.
I wonder if Tom is really as rich as he says he is.
Tom has finished painting the picture he's been painting.
Your reply surprised Tom.
You didn't know that I was able to do that, did you?
I wasn't the one who told Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom has been working hard all day, even though he's sick.
You trust Tom, don't you?
You didn't know I no longer had to do that, did you?
I wasn't the one who told Tom he needed to do that.
Tom has been walking with a cane ever since his accident.
You really impressed Tom.
You didn't have enough strength to do that, did you?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom has been playing the trombone for almost three years.
You don't pay Tom enough.
Would you mind taking care of my dog while I'm away?
I wasn't surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom has been playing the drums for less than three years.
Will Tom do that with us?
Who was the person you were talking to a moment ago?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has advised me to do that before I go back to Boston.
Will Tom buy that for us?
What's wrong with the way we're planning to do that?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain in his legs.
Why is Tom so mad at you?
We should've expected something like this to happen.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to do that.
Why did Tom get so angry?
We always get a lot of mosquitoes this time of year.
I was surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
Tom doesn't have to do that if he doesn't really want to.
Why did Tom do that here?
We always get a lot of complaints this time of year.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't come.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself.
Who's in Boston with Tom?
Those are the children you'll be teaching French to.
I used to work at the same place that Tom does now.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning.
When did Tom buy his car?
There's nothing I'll be able to do about that today.
I told Tom that I don't have permission to do that.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
What's Tom good at doing?
There are several reasons why you shouldn't do that.
I told Tom that I didn't need to be there tomorrow.
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself.
What Tom said isn't true.
The question is how to say no without sounding rude.
I told Tom that I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
We expect Tom to do that.
The old man standing under the tree seemed confused.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to do that.
Tom didn't begin playing the guitar until just last year.
Those aren't Tom's shoes.
The last thing I remember were the lights going out.
I told Tom I thought I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and I take turns reading bedtime stories to the kids.
This isn't Tom's bicycle.
The house I grew up in didn't have an indoor toilet.
I told Tom I didn't know what I was supposed to do.
Tom and I stayed at a fancy hotel when we were in Boston.
This bicycle isn't Tom's.
Strawberries aren't only delicious, they're healthy.
I thought you were going to ask Tom not to do that.
Tom and I often go out for a couple of drinks after work.
They know what Tom wants.
Please make sure that you do that at 2:every day.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that today.
Tom and I hung out together a lot when we were teenagers.
These books aren't Tom's.
Please check and see if we'll be allowed to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom and I have gone out for lunch together several times.
Perhaps Tom will do that.
Most people don't like to do that when it's raining.
I thought Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I aren't the only ones here who can speak French.
Only Tom spoke in French.
It's going to be tough to do that without your help.
I thought Tom would be amused by what was going on.
Tom and I are the ones who are supposed to be doing that.
My room is next to Tom's.
It would probably be foolish to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom would be able to get that done today.
Tom and I are planning to get married on Valentine's Day.
My desk is next to Tom's.
It won't take as long to do that as you might think.
I think Tom would be doing that now if he knew how.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't wanted to.
My closest friend is Tom.
It took me more time than usual to get here today.
I think Tom won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't needed to.
My brother's name is Tom.
It probably wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will be drunk by the time we get there.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
Maybe Tom didn't do that.
It probably wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
I think Tom is probably older than you think he is.
Tom wouldn't be allowed to do that even if he wanted to.
Let's get Tom to do that.
It probably wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
I think Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd known how to.
Let's ask Tom to help us.
If would've been good to do that, so why didn't you?
I suggest that you go to Boston with Tom next week.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you doing that.
Let's ask Tom to do that.
If we don't do that soon, we won't be able to do it.
I should've done that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom won't likely be present at this afternoon's meeting.
Let Tom buy that for you.
If it weren't raining, I'd be able to do that today.
I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom won't likely be as grumpy today as he was yesterday.
Is Tom unable to do that?
I've been living in Boston for the past three years.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom won't be able to do anything you've asked him to do.
Is Tom still a bartender?
I've been asked not to tell you anything about that.
I should probably tell Tom I don't want to do that.
Tom will probably be interested in seeing your pictures.
Is Tom really doing that?
I'm probably the only person here who has done that.
I should probably tell Tom I don't need to do that.
Tom will likely go to Boston during his summer vacation.
Is Tom afraid to do that?
I'll be very disappointed if the picnic is canceled.
I should probably tell Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom will likely be very grateful if you do that for him.
I've seen Tom doing that.
I never told Tom I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom will be going back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I've never seen Tom swim.
I wish there were something else I could do to help.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to speak French.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he had parked his car.
I'm sure Tom will be shy.
I was going to do that, but it was late so I didn't.
I might've been in Boston at the same time Tom was.
Tom was in the kitchen making a salad when we got there.
I'm sure Tom can do that.
I was able to do that better than I thought I would.
I know this isn't the first time Tom has done that.
Tom told me that he thought he might be able to do that.
I wonder if Tom is upset.
I wanted to go to college, but I couldn't afford to.
I hope that Tom likes the present I bought for him.
Tom told me that I'm the strongest person he's ever met.
I wonder if Tom is tired.
I want to know how much time you've spent in Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
Tom told me he thought it would be dangerous to do that.
I wonder if Tom is right.
I want to know how much time it took you to do that.
I doubt very seriously that that will frighten Tom.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
I wonder if Tom is drunk.
I want to get a tattoo of a mermaid on my right arm.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspicious.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I wonder if Tom is crazy.
I want to buy that. However, I don't have any money.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be reasonable.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is broke.
I thought you were supposed to doing that right now.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is bored.
I thought you said you were glad you didn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be handcuffed.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is awake.
I thought you said you were excused from doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be doing that.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games when he was a kid.
I wonder if Tom is angry.
I thought you said you wanted to do that right away.
I doubt that Tom really intended to do that or not.
Tom should've been able to do that with his eyes closed.
I wonder if Tom is alone.
I thought you said you had forgotten how to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom should be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I wonder if Tom is alive.
I thought I'd be able to do what you asked me to do.
I doubt if Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom seemed to be worried about what was going to happen.
I won't make Tom do that.
I think that I'll go to Boston the month after next.
I don't think that Tom did his homework by himself.
Tom seemed like he was a lot happier than he used to be.
I won't help Tom anymore.
I think it'll be necessary for you to do that again.
I don't think Tom will be up at this time of night.
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that today.
I won't do that with Tom.
I think it would be a good idea if someone did that.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom says he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
I wish Tom had done that.
I think I'm the only person who can do that for you.
I don't think Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom says he has something he needs to do this afternoon.
I went to Boston for Tom.
I think I should stay in Boston a little bit longer.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I want to make Tom smile.
I really should've stayed in Boston a little longer.
I don't think Tom has studied French for very long.
Tom says he doesn't think he has enough time to do that.
I thought Tom was sleepy.
I often listen to the radio while doing my homework.
I don't like the same kind of movies that Tom does.
Tom says he doesn't know when he's supposed to be there.
I thought Tom was scared.
I may be able to stay in Boston for three more days.
I don't know who Tom wants to go to the dance with.
Tom says he can't remember things as well as he used to.
I thought Tom was lonely.
I know that I won't have enough strength to do that.
I don't know who Tom is going to go to Boston with.
Tom says he can't believe he finally managed to do that.
I thought Tom was hungry.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I don't know whether Tom intends to do that or not.
Tom says he and his friends often play beach volleyball.
I thought Tom was afraid.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I don't know how to do what Tom has asked me to do.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who had to do that.
I thought Tom was absent.
I hope you can understand why I'm afraid to do that.
I don't allow my children to play with Tom anymore.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about doing that.
I think Tom will be last.
I hope you asked for permission before you did that.
I didn't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
Tom said it probably wouldn't take much time to do that.
I think Tom will be cold.
I hope to be back in Boston by the end of the month.
I didn't want Tom to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom said he's really glad he was asked to give a speech.
I think Tom is unmarried.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom said he'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
I think Tom is terrified.
I don't yet have enough money to buy the car I want.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston last weekend.
Tom said he'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
I think Tom is skeptical.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that for so long.
Tom said he'd be able to do that, but he wasn't able to.
I think Tom is irritated.
I don't want to spend any more time discussing this.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that had happened.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
I think Tom is incorrect.
I don't think we should delay doing that any longer.
I didn't think Tom was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought the statue weighed about pounds.
I think Tom is impressed.
I don't think I'd be doing that if I didn't want to.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never been to Boston before.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get that done today.
I think Tom is impatient.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that today.
I didn't tell Tom anything about what had happened.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
I think Tom is exhausted.
I don't need to go back to Boston until next Monday.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that.
I think Tom is easygoing.
I don't know who's living in the house next to mine.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to do that with.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that by himself.
I think Tom is desperate.
I don't have very many friends who can speak French.
I didn't know whether Tom would agree to go or not.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that by himself.
I think Tom is depressed.
I don't have to go back to Boston until next Monday.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at chess or not.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that today.
I think Tom is confident.
I don't have any time right now, so I can't do that.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
Tom said he hoped he got home before it started raining.
I think Tom is concerned.
I don't have any problem that I can't handle myself.
I didn't know what time to meet Tom at the airport.
Tom said he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I should've let Tom sing.
I don't have a dog now, but I used to have a poodle.
I didn't know that you'd be here until Tom told me.
Tom said he didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
I should let Tom help me.
I didn't want to tell anybody about what I had done.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to help us clean the garage out.
I should let Tom do that.
I didn't think you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that Tom used to live on Park Street.
Tom said he didn't think that's what we should be doing.
I owe Tom a lot of money.
I didn't think you would be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had decided to quit his job.
Tom said he couldn't remember where he'd parked the car.
I often help Tom do that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that on his own.
Tom said he couldn't remember his French teacher's name.
I might see Tom tomorrow.
I didn't tell my friends that I was going to Boston.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that by himself.
Tom said I didn't sound as excited as he thought I'd be.
I know why Tom is afraid.
I didn't tell anyone what I was getting ready to do.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that today.
Tom refused to tell me how much his new motorcycle cost.
I know that Tom is young.
I didn't tell anyone that I'd dropped out of school.
Tom probably won't be able to do that without your help.
I know that Tom is wrong.
I didn't start to play the flute until I was thirty.
I didn't have any money, so I couldn't go with Tom.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he's got to do that today.
I know that Tom is weird.
I didn't start playing the recorder until last year.
I bet Tom would be able to show you how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that again anytime soon.
I know that Tom is upset.
I didn't start playing the banjo until I was thirty.
How many more months do you think Tom will do that?
Tom probably doesn't know who he should ask to help him.
I know that Tom is tired.
I didn't need to come here today, but I came anyway.
Even though it's a holiday, Tom went to his office.
Tom probably doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
I know that Tom is sorry.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would take longer.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
I know that Tom is smart.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be more fun.
Tom only needed to tell me once what he wanted me to do.
I know that Tom is short.
I didn't know you were so good at playing the drums.
Do you think you could persuade Tom not to do that?
Tom needs to make sure that he's ready to leave by 2:30.
I know that Tom is right.
I didn't know who my French teacher was going to be.
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that?
Tom needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
I know that Tom is ready.
I didn't know whether I'd be able to do that or not.
Do you think Tom might be interested in doing that?
Tom learned how to do that when he was living in Boston.
I know that Tom is picky.
I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say anything.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
Tom knows there are plenty of people who agree with him.
I know that Tom is lucky.
I didn't know that you were going to Boston with us.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't planning to do that?
Tom knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
I know that Tom is heavy.
I didn't know it was possible to get there by train.
Didn't you know Tom used to teach French in Boston?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he should.
I know that Tom is funny.
I didn't know I shouldn't be doing what I was doing.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have a driver's license?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he has to.
I know that Tom is drunk.
I didn't have time to finish my homework last night.
Did you tell Tom I didn't actually want to do that?
Tom is unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
I know that Tom is crazy.
I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Did you know Tom was still living with his parents?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to want to be here.
I know that Tom is broke.
I didn't have enough time to do what I wanted to do.
Did you know Tom is actually not very conservative?
Tom is the only one in our class who can play the banjo.
I know that Tom is brave.
I didn't have enough time to do what I needed to do.
You're the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
Tom is the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.
I know that Tom is bossy.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I had to buy.
You'll never forgive Tom for doing that, will you?
Tom is probably the only person who can help us do that.
I know that Tom is bored.
I didn't have any money, so I couldn't buy any food.
You'd never forgive Tom if he did that, would you?
Tom is probably the only person who can help me do that.
I know that Tom is blind.
I didn't get up early enough to catch the first bus.
You'd be willing to do that for Tom, wouldn't you?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were asked to leave.
I know that Tom is awake.
I didn't get my driver's license until I was thirty.
You weren't surprised that Tom did that, were you?
Tom is a better pitcher this year than he was last year.
I know that Tom is alone.
I didn't do that because I didn't think I needed to.
You were surprised when Tom did that, weren't you?
Tom hasn't changed a bit since that last time I saw him.
I know that Tom is alive.
I didn't care who helped me, as long as someone did.
You warned Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
Tom has two daughters who are married and one who isn't.
I know that Tom did that.
I bought that house on Park Street I told you about.
You tried to talk Tom into doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been waiting for that to happen for a long time.
I know Tom would do that.
How much time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You tried to stop Tom from doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been trying to figure out what needs to be done.
I know Tom won't do that.
How much more time do you think you need to do that?
You told Tom I had trouble doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been playing the harmonica for most of his life.
I know Tom was surprised.
How much money do you have in your wallet right now?
You told Tom I didn't like doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been living by himself for the past three years.
I know Tom has been hurt.
How many times have you been absent from this class?
You told Tom I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Tom has been living by himself for the last three years.
I know Tom could do that.
How many times did you go to the hospital last year?
You thought Tom would want to do that, didn't you?
Tom has always been one of the best players on our team.
I know Tom can't do that.
How many sandwiches do you think you ate last month?
You thought Tom would need to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom could do that.
How many minutes do you think it'll take to do that?
You thought Tom would like to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't like fish very much and very seldom eats it.
I hope Tom won't do that.
How many days do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You thought Tom would have to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't like fish very much and seldom ever eats it.
I hope Tom wins the race.
How did you know that I already knew how to do that?
You thought Tom had done that already, didn't you?
Tom doesn't know why his boss wants him to go to Boston.
I hope Tom likes it here.
Even though it'll take a lot of money, I'll do that.
You think Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom does drink at least one cup of coffee every morning.
I hope Tom isn't nervous.
Don't you come to Boston three or four times a year?
You should've asked Tom for permission to do that.
Tom didn't tell his friends that he was going to Boston.
I hope Tom isn't jealous.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You know how much Tom hates doing that, don't you?
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty.
I hope Tom isn't annoyed.
Do you think it would be possible for us to do that?
You know Tom isn't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what I'd done.
I hope Tom is supportive.
Do you still eat hamburgers as often as you used to?
You knew Tom wouldn't stop doing that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the law.
I hope Tom is reasonable.
Do you really think it would interesting to do that?
You knew Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to help him do that.
I hope Tom is optimistic.
Do you really think it would be romantic to do that?
You knew Tom said he wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know anything at all about what had happened.
I hope Tom is interested.
Do you really think it would be possible to do that?
You knew Tom said he going to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't get his driver's license until he was thirty.
I hope Tom is handcuffed.
Do you believe that we aren't alone in the universe?
You knew Tom didn't intend to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't do that as much last week as he usually does.
I hope Tom is doing that.
Could you check to see if the garage door is closed?
You hope that Tom will do that for you, don't you?
Tom didn't begin to study French until late in his life.
I hope Tom gets arrested.
As I told you before, I'm going to do that tomorrow.
You hope Tom will want to do that, too, don't you?
Tom decided to go back to doing that the way he used to.
I helped Tom to his feet.
Are there many good restaurants near where you live?
You hope Tom doesn't ask us to do that, don't you?
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened.
I helped Tom tie his tie.
About how many days does it usually take to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I had to do that, did you?
Tom could've been in Boston by now if he'd wanted to be.
I helped Tom make dinner.
"Who helped you?" "No one. I did everything myself."
You didn't realize Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom can't stay in Boston. He has to get back to Chicago.
I helped Tom fix his car.
"Have you ever done that?" "Yes, but only one time."
You didn't learn how to do that from Tom, did you?
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late for dinner.
I hate shopping with Tom.
You're the only person I'd consider giving this to.
You didn't know that Tom used to do that, did you?
Tom bought three bicycles, one for each of his children.
I don't want to kiss Tom.
You're the only one who'll be permitted to do that.
You didn't expect Tom to want to do that, did you?
Tom asked me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
I don't want Tom to sing.
You're the only one who seems to be having any fun.
You asked Tom why he hadn't done that, didn't you?
Tom and I were the first people to volunteer to do that.
I don't think Tom is shy.
You're likely the only person who wants to do that.
You asked Tom if he'd like to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I went fishing together a few times last spring.
I don't think Tom is sad.
You're likely the only person who needs to do that.
You asked Tom if he wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I played ping pong together yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is old.
You'll likely lose some weight if follow this diet.
Why don't you let Tom know that you won't do that?
Tom and I played in the backyard together all afternoon.
I don't think Tom is mad.
You wouldn't be able to do that tonight, would you?
Why don't you let Tom know that you can't do that?
Tom and I have always gotten along well with each other.
I don't think Tom is fat.
You won't be permitted to do that without a permit.
Why don't you get Tom to teach you how to do that?
Tom and I didn't like each other when we were teenagers.
I didn't want Tom's help.
You won't be able to do that without a lot of help.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't remember doing that?
Tom and I are both married to women younger than we are.
I didn't try to kiss Tom.
You won't be able to do that without a little help.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't know how to do that?
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that, would he?
I didn't think about Tom.
You were very the last one to do that, weren't you?
When did you find out Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom wondered why none of his friends wanted to do that.
I didn't like Tom's idea.
You were only allowed to do that once, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't need to do that?
Tom will probably get injured if he does that that way.
I didn't let Tom kiss me.
You were doing that just this morning, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't have to do that?
Tom will probably be able to do that faster on his own.
I didn't let Tom give up.
You want to be the first one to do that, don't you?
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom do that.
Tom will probably be able to do that faster by himself.
I didn't let Tom do that.
You think that doing that is a bad idea, don't you?
There's no way Tom would do something that stupid.
Tom will likely be awake before the rest of the family.
I didn't help Tom at all.
You think doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do just that.
Tom will be finished doing that by the end of the week.
I didn't do that for Tom.
You think I do that at least once a day, don't you?
The police said the search for Tom would continue.
Tom was the first one in our family to visit Australia.
I didn't ask Tom to help.
You still haven't learned how to do that, have you?
The only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Tom told me that he's glad that that's going to happen.
I could help Tom do that.
You still don't know why I need to do that, do you?
The only one here who can probably do that is Tom.
Tom told me that he thought you could probably do that.
I can't make Tom do that.
You still don't know why I have to do that, do you?
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a blue cap.
Tom told me he's been living in Boston for three years.
I believed what Tom said.
You should try doing that while you're still young.
That was the first time Tom had ever been injured.
Tom told me he wanted to wait until October to do that.
I appreciated Tom's help.
You only did that because you had no choice, right?
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom do that.
Tom told me he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
How long was Tom married?
You know we weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
That was the first time I ever saw Tom doing that.
Tom thought he might be required to do that by himself.
How did Tom go to Boston?
You know that I'm not likely to do that, don't you?
Since Tom isn't feeling well, he won't do that with us.
Tom suggested that I do that tomorrow instead of today.
Hasn't Tom done that yet?
You know that I'm not afraid to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom that he isn't required to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't want to do that.
Has Tom broken any rules?
You know that I'm determined to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom he needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't need to do that.
Doing that made Tom sick.
You knew doing that would be difficult, didn't you?
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to get here early.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't have to do that.
Doesn't Tom teach French?
You knew I'd wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to bring anything.
Tom started crying the minute his mother left the room.
Doesn't Tom study French?
You knew I'd have to do that by myself, didn't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
Tom spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
Doesn't Tom speak French?
You knew I wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
Tom should've been glad that he didn't have to do that.
Does Tom need to do that?
You hope to be the first one to do that, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
Tom should've been able to finish doing that yesterday.
Do you like Tom's design?
You hope that you won't have to do that, don't you?
It was very considerate of you to do that for Tom.
Tom should do that, because it's the right thing to do.
Did Tom buy that for you?
You have to go to Boston next Monday for a meeting.
If Tom says that he wants to do that, ask him why.
Tom seemed to be very interested in what was happening.
Can you buy that for Tom?
You don't think I'm going to do that again, do you?
I've promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what had happened.
Ask Tom if he'll do that.
You don't think I'll be allowed to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he had to do that.
Ask Tom if he needs help.
You don't seem to understand why I need to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom says he's gotten plenty of support from his family.
You look older than Tom.
You don't really think I wanted to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom would appreciate any help he can get.
Tom says he thinks he'll be able to do that by himself.
You look a lot like Tom.
You don't really think I needed to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom won't be here the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
You look a bit like Tom.
You don't really plan to stay up all night, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be broke by the end of the week.
Tom says he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Why's Tom afraid of you?
You don't have to talk about it if I don't want to.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will never do that again.
Tom says he doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Why didn't Tom help you?
You don't believe I really have to do that, do you?
I won't tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom says he can't stand people who do things like that.
Why did that bother Tom?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that, did you?
I wish you hadn't told Tom I hadn't done that yet.
Tom says birds wake him up every morning in the summer.
Why did Tom leave early?
You didn't know I was finished doing that, did you?
I wish I'd remembered to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom sat on the floor surrounded by a bunch of children.
Who'll do that with Tom?
You didn't have the permission to do that, did you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I forgot to do that.
Tom sat at the kitchen table and listened to the radio.
We heard Tom doing that.
You could stop us from doing that if you wanted to.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him do that.
Tom said we needed at least $to buy what we needed.
We asked Tom to help us.
We've been told not to try doing that by ourselves.
I went swimming with Tom the day before yesterday.
Tom said that probably won't happen in the near future.
Was it Tom who did that?
We'll stay inside all day even if it isn't raining.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he couldn't do that.
Tom said that probably won't happen again anytime soon.
Was Tom waiting for you?
We have to go to Boston next weekend for a wedding.
I want to know why Tom isn't working here anymore.
Tom said that his doctor told him not to smoke anymore.
Warn Tom not to do that.
We don't usually get very many customers on Monday.
I want to know how much time Tom spent doing that.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
Those aren't Tom's cats.
We can't come to Boston for Thanksgiving this year.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never came.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be safe.
These pens aren't Tom's.
We always get a lot of donations this time of year.
I told Tom to stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be easy.
These glasses are Tom's.
The police chief said no arrests had been made yet.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help.
The drink made Tom sick.
The girl sitting next to me on the bus seemed sick.
I told Tom not to do that the way he was doing it.
Tom said he'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tell Tom not to do that.
That's a problem that still needs to be dealt with.
I told Tom I thought I was going to die in prison.
Tom said he wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Should Tom go to Boston?
That movie wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
I told Tom I didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Perhaps Tom can do that.
Please give me a little more time to consider that.
I thought you said you'd never ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known he had to.
My answer surprised Tom.
People don't visit Boston as often as they used to.
I thought you said you'd keep Tom from doing that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Maybe Tom isn't at home.
One of the names on the list seemed familiar to me.
I thought you said you wanted to do that with Tom.
Tom said he wished he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Is Tom still doing that?
One of the men waiting in line seemed very nervous.
I thought you said you promised Tom you'd do that.
Tom said he was very concerned about what might happen.
Is Tom really in Boston?
Let me show you this new hammer that I just bought.
I thought Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Is Tom ready to do that?
It's not easy to get here by public transportation.
I thought Tom would be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be up.
It's important that you learn to do that correctly.
I thought Tom was going to ask you not to do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
I'll ask Tom to do that.
It's important for us to do that while we're young.
I thought Tom was better at doing that than I was.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that for me.
I wonder why Tom is sad.
It's getting cold in here. Let's close the windows?
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to get here.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is sick.
It would probably be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that this week.
I wonder if Tom is safe.
It would probably be stupid to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom didn't enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that this week.
I wonder if Tom is rich.
It would be fantastic if we could do that together.
I thought I was supposed to meet Tom here at 2:30.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I wonder if Tom is home.
It wasn't in Boston that we met. It was in Chicago.
I think you should try to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said he only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
I wonder if Tom is here.
It probably wouldn't be fun to do that by yourself.
I think Tom would like to be able to speak French.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to learn how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is done.
It probably would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if that happened.
Tom said he doesn't understand why you want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is dead.
If you're busy tomorrow, you don't have to do that.
I think Tom won't be in his office this afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
I wonder if Tom is cold.
If you have some free time, let's do that together.
I think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom said he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
I watched Tom swim laps.
If we were to go to Boston, how would we get there?
I think Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
Tom said I didn't speak French well enough for the job.
I was going to kiss Tom.
If we do that now, we won't have to do it tomorrow.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
I was going to help Tom.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let you do that.
I think Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
I wanted to talk to Tom.
I'm the only one who won't be at the meeting today.
I think Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
Tom often refuses to eat what his mother makes for him.
I wanted to go with Tom.
I'm the only one who has to do that again tomorrow.
I think Tom could be happy here if he tried to be.
Tom needs to make sure that he has everything he needs.
I want to see Tom dance.
I'm sure you could do that if you really wanted to.
I still haven't told Tom why I'm going to do that.
Tom must've missed the train he was supposed to get on.
I told Tom I was lonely.
I'm now thinking about whether or not I'll do that.
I should tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom laid the magazine he had been reading on the table.
I thought Tom was upset.
I'd rather do that now while it's still not so hot.
I should tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was tired.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if I didn't have to.
I should probably tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can probably do that.
I thought Tom was right.
I won't be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I knew it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
Tom is the only one who volunteered to help us do that.
I thought Tom was ready.
I was told that I wouldn't be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
Tom is still the same friendly person he's always been.
I thought Tom was lying.
I want to spend time with my children this weekend.
I hope Tom isn't glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is probably in front of the school waiting for you.
I thought Tom was first.
I want to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
I got to know Tom while I was in Boston last year.
Tom is one of the thirty people who'll need to do that.
I thought Tom was drunk.
I want to get my driver's license as soon as I can.
I forgot to tell Tom to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is one of the thirty people who'll have to do that.
I thought you were supposed to be here last Monday.
I finally found the courage to ask Tom to do that.
Tom is on both the soccer team and the basketball team.
I thought Tom was broke.
I thought you said you wanted to do that last week.
I doubt very seriously that that'll impress Tom.
Tom has two daughter who are married and one who isn't.
I thought Tom was bored.
I thought you didn't to know how to play the piano.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspended.
Tom has no close friends to help him with his problems.
I thought Tom was awake.
I think that I can go to Boston with you next week.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be irritated.
Tom has just finished reading a book written in French.
I thought Tom was alone.
I studied French really intensely for about a year.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be impressed.
Tom has decided to stay in Boston for three more weeks.
I think it's Tom's turn.
I should've been able to do that without your help.
I don't want to talk to Tom, but I have no choice.
Tom has already told me he doesn't know how to do that.
I think Tom is unafraid.
I might need to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I don't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
Tom has a couple of friends who speak French very well.
I think Tom is ticklish.
I might be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom had a calendar hanging on the wall behind his desk.
I think Tom is relieved.
I left my hat somewhere and I can't remember where.
I don't think Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he found.
I think Tom is finished.
I know I shouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to go outside on a cold day like this.
I think Tom is divorced.
I keep making the same mistake over and over again.
I don't think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was unfair.
I think Tom is autistic.
I just found out that you used to be a taxi driver.
I don't think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a good idea.
I spoke French with Tom.
I have three volunteers who are helping me do that.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't think he'll have the time to do that today.
I should've trusted Tom.
I don't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he ought to do that.
I should've married Tom.
I don't understand why I'm not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he needs to do that.
I should've invited Tom.
I don't think you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't really know French well enough to teach it.
I really don't like Tom.
I don't think that doing that would be a good idea.
I don't think Tom could do that without some help.
Tom doesn't like speaking in French and I don't either.
I often see Tom do that.
I don't think I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think I should tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom doesn't know who's living in the house next to his.
I never saw Tom do that.
I don't really know French well enough to teach it.
I don't really expect Tom to answer that question.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him do that.
I know why Tom is upset.
I don't mind if you start eating before I get home.
I don't like the same kind of music that Tom does.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car if he doesn't want to.
I know why Tom is tired.
I don't know how to deal with that kind of problem.
I don't like the same kind of books that Tom does.
Tom doesn't have to say anything if he doesn't want to.
I know that Tom is weak.
I don't know for sure whether I can do that or not.
I don't like mushroom soup and Tom doesn't either.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom is tall.
I don't have the power to stop that from happening.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me at his party.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom is sick.
I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I don't know who Tom is planning to see in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he needed to do that.
I know that Tom is safe.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't know whether what Tom says is true or not.
Tom didn't know how much money he should take with him.
I know that Tom is rich.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I don't know whether Tom is good at skiing or not.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
I know that Tom is poor.
I didn't think you'd be here, but I'm glad you are.
I don't know whether Tom is good at French or not.
Tom could've been suspicious, but he didn't seem to be.
I know that Tom is nice.
I didn't think that's what we should've been doing.
I don't know when Tom is planning to go to Boston.
Tom could've been frightened, but he didn't seem to be.
I know that Tom is lost.
I didn't think I would be the first one to do that.
I don't know that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom could refuse to do that, but I don't think he will.
I know that Tom is lazy.
I didn't take the medicine that the doctor gave me.
I don't know how Tom was able to afford a new car.
Tom could force you to do that, but I doubt if he will.
I know that Tom is kind.
I didn't really have to come into the office today.
I don't care whether Tom does his homework or not.
Tom could be sleepy. He got up very early this morning.
I know that Tom is home.
I didn't realize I shouldn't have tried doing that.
I didn't want to tell Tom about what had happened.
Tom continues to deny that he was the one who did that.
I know that Tom is here.
I didn't know you were still a high school student.
I didn't want to talk to Tom, but I had no choice.
Tom asked whose coat it was and I told him it was mine.
I know that Tom is fine.
I didn't know what was in the big box on the table.
I didn't want to do anything that would upset Tom.
Tom and his girlfriend were here together this morning.
I know that Tom is deaf.
I didn't know what time I was supposed to be there.
I didn't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Boston for Christmas.
I know that Tom is dead.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today.
I didn't think Tom would be exhausted, but he was.
Tom and I want to spend the rest of our lives together.
I know that Tom is cold.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that by himself.
Tom and I used to visit each other every other weekend.
I know that Tom is bald.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be awake when I got home.
Tom and I often sit on the porch together after dinner.
I know how Tom got rich.
I didn't know that what we were doing wasn't legal.
I didn't think Tom would be at school last Monday.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what color curtains to buy.
I know how Tom got hurt.
I didn't know I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that today.
Tom almost froze to death when he fell through the ice.
I know Tom's dog's name.
I didn't have time to do everything had to be done.
I didn't think I would be awake when Tom got home.
Tom admitted that that was the real reason he did that.
I know Tom likes reggae.
I didn't have time to do everything I wanted to do.
I didn't thank Tom enough for all the work he did.
Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew why Tom did that.
I didn't get a driver's license until I was thirty.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd be in Boston this week.
Tom won't likely be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I knew Tom's first wife.
I didn't figure out how to do that until yesterday.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't intend to do that.
Tom will likely be curious why you decided to do that.
I hope Tom will help me.
I didn't do that because I didn't have enough time.
I didn't tell Tom anything he didn't already know.
Tom will come back from Boston this week or next week.
I hope Tom never leaves.
I can understand why you might not want to do that.
I didn't really think Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom will be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I hope Tom isn't sleepy.
How often do you change the strings on your guitar?
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he put his passport.
I hope Tom isn't scared.
How much time do you estimate is needed to do that?
I didn't let Tom finish what he was trying to say.
Tom was the only other person who should've done that.
I hope Tom isn't lonely.
How many months do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't know why Tom couldn't go camping with us.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me that question.
I hope Tom isn't grumpy.
How many hamburgers do you think you ate last year?
I didn't know who Tom wanted to go to Boston with.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I hope Tom isn't biased.
How many cups of coffee did you drink this morning?
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom was smart enough to not try doing that by himself.
I hope Tom isn't afraid.
How many churches do you think there are in Boston?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be here today.
Tom was smart enough not to try doing that by himself.
I hope Tom is surprised.
How long does it take to get the airport from here?
I didn't know Tom had never been to Boston before.
