Let's not eat now.
Tom will never win.
Tom said he heard Mary crying.
Let's do that, OK?
Tom will eat later.
Tom said Mary is going to win.
Let's all do that.
Tom went yesterday.
Tom said Mary has passed away.
It looks OK to me.
Tom wasn't wounded.
Tom knows why Mary left early.
Is your room warm?
Tom wasn't working.
Tom knew that Mary was crying.
Is it still alive?
Tom wasn't unhappy.
Tom isn't sure Mary was lying.
I'm glad I waited.
Tom wasn't talking.
Tom is very sure Mary can win.
I'll buy a ticket.
Tom wasn't smiling.
Tom hopes that Mary won't win.
I'd rather not go.
Tom wasn't serious.
Tom hoped that Mary would win.
I'd prefer coffee.
Tom wasn't present.
Tom doubts that Mary can swim.
I wish you'd wait.
Tom wasn't outside.
Tom doesn't seem to like Mary.
I was very uneasy.
Tom wasn't my boss.
Tom didn't expect Mary to win.
I was very lonely.
Tom wasn't helping.
Tom bet me Mary would be late.
I was very amused.
Tom wasn't certain.
Tom and Mary are still crying.
I want to eat now.
Tom wasn't at work.
Tom admitted he despises Mary.
I want some fruit.
Tom wasn't a thief.
Tom admitted he despised Mary.
I tasted the soup.
Tom wasn't a miner.
Neither Tom nor Mary will win.
I tasted the fish.
Tom wasn't a loner.
Neither Tom nor Mary was late.
I study every day.
Tom wasn't a crook.
Neither Tom nor Mary was busy.
I stopped smiling.
Tom was very quiet.
Neither Tom nor Mary screamed.
I spoke in French.
Tom was very early.
Neither Tom nor Mary is happy.
I saw you smiling.
Tom was quite busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary is dying.
I need to eat now.
Tom wants to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary did that.
I nearly did that.
Tom wanted to sing.
I saw Tom get into Mary's car.
I may leave early.
Tom told us to run.
I knew Tom wouldn't like Mary.
I love your voice.
Tom told me to run.
I knew Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I love your smile.
Tom told me he won.
I asked Tom to do that with Mary.
I knew you'd wait.
Tom swore he'd win.
How did Tom get Mary to smile?
I heard them sing.
Tom sometimes wins.
Tom wasn't working with Mary.
I have to eat now.
Tom seldom travels.
Tom wasn't very kind to Mary.
I hardly ever cry.
Tom seems hesitant.
Tom told me he believed Mary.
I don't often win.
Tom seemed worried.
Tom told Mary to stop crying.
I dislike waiting.
Tom seemed unlucky.
Tom told Mary John could win.
I did that anyway.
Tom seemed touched.
Tom thinks that Mary may win.
I ate a big steak.
Tom seemed to care.
Tom thinks Mary despises him.
I also left early.
Tom seemed sincere.
Tom should just let Mary cry.
I almost did that.
Tom seemed shocked.
Tom says that Mary won't win.
How was this book?
Tom seemed serious.
Tom said that Mary would win.
How much are eggs?
Tom seemed puzzled.
Tom said that Mary won't win.
How did that work?
Tom seemed pleased.
Tom said that Mary can't win.
Don't give up yet.
Tom seemed jealous.
Tom said Mary waited for him.
Does it snow here?
Tom seemed healthy.
Tom said Mary should eat now.
Do you own a boat?
Tom seemed excited.
Tom said Mary died on Monday.
Do you like rugby?
Tom says he'll win.
Tom refused to wait for Mary.
Do that once more.
Tom said he'll win.
Tom might know how Mary died.
Do I have to swim?
Tom said he'd wait.
Tom knows why Mary is crying.
Did you swim much?
Tom said he snored.
Tom isn't sure Mary can swim.
Did you eat lunch?
Tom said he agreed.
Tom isn't a friend of Mary's.
Can this be eaten?
Tom really did win.
Tom is certain Mary will win.
Are you still sad?
Tom read it for me.
Tom hopes that Mary will win.
Who's eating now?
Tom probably cried.
Tom had Mary do that for him.
Where's the maid?
Tom looked worried.
Tom doubts that Mary can win.
Where can we eat?
Tom isn't very shy.
Tom doesn't want Mary to cry.
What'll you wear?
Tom isn't very fat.
Tom doesn't want Mary crying.
We can't eat now.
Tom isn't upstairs.
Tom does that like Mary does.
This isn't paper.
Tom isn't ticklish.
Tom didn't have to help Mary.
This car is good.
Tom isn't the best.
Tom didn't do that. Mary did.
That isn't paper.
Tom isn't a lawyer.
Tom definitely despised Mary.
Please stop here.
Tom is very gentle.
Tom bet me Mary wouldn't win.
Please iron this.
Tom is the pitcher.
Tom bet me Mary wouldn't cry.
One more, please.
Tom is the catcher.
Tom and Mary went home today.
May I go outside?
Tom is still tired.
Tom and Mary don't often cry.
Let's drink beer.
Tom is still pudgy.
Tom and Mary aren't here yet.
Is this your cup?
Tom is still drunk.
Tom and I know Mary did that.
Is the sky clear?
Tom is still alone.
Neither Tom nor Mary laughed.
Is that a pencil?
Tom is quite heavy.
Neither Tom nor Mary is here.
Is that a castle?
Tom is on my right.
Neither Tom nor Mary is busy.
Is it very small?
Tom is a small boy.
Neither Tom nor Mary blushed.
Is it cold today?
Tom is a boy scout.
Maybe Tom asked Mary to do that.
I'm very healthy.
Tom hates swimming.
I didn't know Tom hated Mary.
I'm very curious.
Tom enjoys cooking.
Does Tom think Mary did that?
I'm going by car.
Tom does that fast.
Does Tom think Mary can swim?
I'm going by bus.
Tom didn't obey me.
Tom wasn't waiting for Mary.
I'll leave early.
Tom didn't need me.
Tom wasn't Mary's boyfriend.
I'll gladly come.
Tom didn't like me.
Tom told me Mary didn't win.
I was very early.
Tom did that again.
Tom told me Mary didn't cry.
I was very dizzy.
Tom definitely won.
Tom told Mary that he'd win.
I was very bored.
Tom claimed he won.
Tom told Mary she could win.
I took the train.
Tom can't have won.
Tom told Mary he left early.
I swam yesterday.
Tom can swim later.
Tom told Mary he didn't win.
I should eat now.
Tom can still swim.
Tom told Mary he didn't cry.
I like this town.
Tom came on Monday.
Tom thinks Mary can do that.
I like this best.
Tom apparently won.
Tom says that Mary will win.
I knew you'd cry.
Tom wouldn't move.
Tom says that Mary will cry.
I intend to quit.
Tom wished to win.
Tom says he saw Mary crying.
I intend to come.
Tom wasn't up yet.
Tom said he saw Mary crying.
I did that wrong.
Tom wasn't unfair.
Tom said Mary wouldn't swim.
I caught the dog.
Tom wasn't scared.
Tom said Mary wasn't crying.
I can't fire you.
Tom wasn't polite.
Tom said Mary might not win.
I came on Monday.
Tom wasn't normal.
Tom said Mary is eating now.
Tom wasn't inside.
Tom said Mary is crying now.
How did that end?
Tom wasn't greedy.
Tom no longer despises Mary.
Did you eat much?
Tom wasn't eating.
Tom isn't working with Mary.
Did you buy much?
Tom wasn't crying.
Tom is going to go see Mary.
Are you teachers?
Tom wasn't a hero.
Tom hopes that Mary can win.
Are you still OK?
Tom was very slow.
Tom ended up despising Mary.
You may eat now.
Tom was very rude.
Tom didn't need Mary's help.
Where can I eat?
Tom was very loud.
Tom and Mary swim every day.
What'll you buy?
Tom was a soldier.
Tom and Mary became friends.
We should smile.
Tom wants to sing.
Tom and Mary are over there.
We must eat now.
Tom still may win.
Tom and Mary are eating now.
We didn't smile.
Tom snores loudly.
Tom and Mary are crying now.
Try and do that.
Tom seldom snores.
Tom and I both despise Mary.
The lid was hot.
Tom seemed unsure.
Maybe Tom made Mary do that.
That isn't mine.
Tom seemed stupid.
I saw Tom talking with Mary.
Start the engine.
Tom seemed scared.
I hope Tom and Mary do that.
Should we smile?
Tom seemed lonely.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sing.
Let's swim here.
Tom seemed honest.
Tom wondered how Mary died.
Let's play golf.
Tom seemed clever.
Tom wasn't upset with Mary.
Let's go hiking.
Tom seemed bright.
Tom wasn't talking to Mary.
Let's eat steak.
Tom seemed biased.
Tom wasn't married to Mary.
Let's cut class.
Tom seemed amused.
Tom told me he'd help Mary.
Let's begin, OK?
Tom seemed afraid.
Tom told Mary he could win.
Let's all smile.
Tom says he's won.
Tom thought Mary would win.
Is this my book?
Tom said he'd win.
Tom thought Mary would cry.
Is that my book?
Tom rarely snores.
Tom thought Mary could win.
Is it all right?
Tom rarely laughs.
Tom teaches French to Mary.
I've seen Tom dance.
Tom must've cried.
Tom says Mary seldom cries.
I'll study hard.
Tom might not win.
Tom says Mary ought to win.
I'll sing today.
Tom might not cry.
Tom said Mary wouldn't win.
I'll come again.
Tom loved running.
Tom said Mary wouldn't cry.
I went by train.
Tom looked amused.
Tom said Mary seldom cries.
I went by plane.
Tom likes skating.
Tom said Mary couldn't win.
I was very cold.
Tom likes popcorn.
Tom reminded Mary to smile.
I was a soldier.
Tom isn't with us.
Tom probably despised Mary.
I said I'd sing.
Tom isn't with me.
Tom knows why Mary laughed.
I read it again.
Tom isn't too old.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't win.
I need a ticket.
Tom isn't running.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't cry.
I hope you sing.
Tom isn't retired.
Tom knew Mary couldn't win.
I enjoy walking.
Tom isn't in town.
Tom isn't waiting for Mary.
I enjoy running.
Tom isn't a pilot.
Tom is very afraid of Mary.
I can't eat now.
Tom isn't a miner.
Tom is sure Mary won't win.
I can sing, too.
Tom isn't a loner.
Tom is sure Mary won't cry.
Tom isn't a drunk.
Tom is sure Mary was lying.
Honey, I'm home.
Tom isn't a coach.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't win.
Even I can sing.
Tom isn't a biker.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't cry.
Don't sing here.
Tom is very picky.
Tom didn't want Mary there.
Didn't you sing?
Tom is very frank.
Tom didn't see Mary crying.
Did you go, too?
Tom is unprepared.
Tom believes Mary will win.
Did anyone sing?
Tom is there, too.
Tom and Mary died together.
Can you go, too?
Tom is still poor.
Neither Tom nor Mary cried.
Can I swim here?
Tom is still home.
I wonder why Tom left Mary.
Anyone may sing.
Tom is quite busy.
I know Tom waited for Mary.
Anyone can sing.
Tom is now crying.
What did Tom buy for Mary?
You should win.
Tom would've let Mary win.
We should sing.
Tom is an officer.
Tom wondered how Mary won.
We seldom sing.
Tom is a good cop.
Tom told me he loved Mary.
We had to sing.
Tom is a diplomat.
Tom told me he liked Mary.
We didn't sing.
Tom heard us sing.
Tom thinks Mary won't win.
We all had fun.
Tom heard me sing.
Tom thinks Mary won't cry.
We all do that.
Tom has died, too.
Tom thinks Mary could win.
Try to do that.
Tom has also left.
Tom thinks Mary can't win.
This isn't ink.
Tom claims he won.
Tom says he despises Mary.
That isn't new.
Tom can't eat now.
Tom says Mary seldom wins.
Should we sing?
Tom always agrees.
Tom says Mary often cries.
May I sing now?
Tom's hat is red.
Tom says Mary always wins.
Let's sing now.
Tom yelled at me.
Tom said he despised Mary.
Let's eat cake.
Tom wasn't wrong.
Tom said Mary seldom wins.
Let's all sing.
Tom wasn't vague.
Tom said Mary often cries.
It's an old TV.
Tom wasn't upset.
Tom said Mary always wins.
Is that a bank?
Tom wasn't tired.
Tom knows that Mary cried.
Tom wasn't right.
Tom knew Mary would laugh.
Is French easy?
Tom wasn't quiet.
Tom isn't upset with Mary.
I'm feeling OK.
Tom wasn't naked.
Tom isn't talking to Mary.
I'll take this.
Tom wasn't cruel.
Tom is very angry at Mary.
I wish to sing.
Tom wasn't bossy.
Tom is sure Mary will win.
I wasn't early.
Tom wasn't alive.
Tom is sure Mary will cry.
I was very mad.
Tom was very mad.
Tom doesn't know Mary won.
I want to sing.
Tom usually wins.
Tom died, but Mary didn't.
I want a house.
Tom tried to win.
Tom believes Mary can win.
I spoke French.
Tom studies here.
Tom and Mary ate together.
I plan to sing.
Tom seems amused.
Tom and Mary are laughing.
I hate walking.
Tom seemed tough.
I wonder why Tom hit Mary.
I came by taxi.
Tom seemed tense.
Tom used to despise Mary.
Don't you swim?
Tom seemed smart.
Tom thinks Mary will win.
Don't sing, OK?
Tom seemed ready.
Tom thinks Mary will cry.
Don't sing yet.
Tom seemed naive.
Tom thinks Mary has left.
Don't sing now.
Tom seemed moody.
Tom thinks Mary can swim.
Did you buy it?
Tom seemed lucky.
Tom says that Mary cried.
Can't you sing?
Tom seemed drunk.
Tom says Mary should win.
Can we eat now?
Tom seemed bossy.
Tom says Mary often wins.
Are those eels?
Tom quit running.
Tom said that Mary cried.
You sing well.
Tom probably won.
Tom said Mary left early.
Will you sing?
Tom ought to win.
Tom said Mary didn't win.
We won't sing.
Tom might've won.
Tom really despises Mary.
We never sing.
Tom may not wait.
Tom really despised Mary.
We might sing.
Tom may not help.
Tom knows why Mary cried.
We left early.
Tom may have won.
Tom knows Mary won't win.
We don't sing.
Tom made us wait.
Tom knows Mary can't win.
Should I sing?
Tom made us sing.
Tom is very fond of Mary.
Let's eat now.
Tom made me wait.
Tom is sure Mary can win.
It wasn't big.
Tom looks asleep.
Tom hopes Mary won't win.
It was pretty.
Tom looked tense.
Tom hopes Mary won't cry.
Is that paper?
Tom looked ready.
Tom handed Mary his keys.
I'd love that.
Tom looked awake.
Tom expected Mary to win.
I went by car.
Tom likes French.
Tom expected Mary to cry.
I should sing.
Tom is very pale.
Tom and Mary are smiling.
I seldom sing.
Tom is a junkman.
Ask Tom where Mary lives.
I rarely sing.
Tom is a janitor.
Ask Tom if Mary can swim.
I played golf.
Tom is a bad guy.
Tom wasn't kind to Mary.
I drank juice.
Tom hoped to win.
Tom told Mary he'd wait.
I did do that.
Tom doesn't swim.
Tom thinks Mary can win.
I can read it.
Tom doesn't sing.
Tom still despises Mary.
I can hear it.
Tom didn't drive.
Tom seemed to like Mary.
Do that later.
Tom and I waited.
Tom says Mary can't win.
Do that again.
Tom wasn't well.
Tom said Mary would win.
Did you study?
Tom wasn't safe.
Tom said Mary would cry.
Did you smile?
Tom wasn't rude.
Tom said Mary might win.
We both sing.
Tom wasn't neat.
Tom said Mary might cry.
Try and sing.
Tom wasn't mean.
Tom said Mary could win.
Today's cold.
Tom wasn't lazy.
Tom said Mary can't win.
Stop smiling.
Tom wasn't fair.
Tom knows Mary will win.
Stop running.
Tom wasn't done.
Tom knows Mary did that.
Let's buy it.
Tom seldom wins.
Tom knew Mary would win.
It isn't big.
Tom seems ready.
Tom knew Mary would cry.
I've read it.
Tom seemed wise.
Tom is too fat for Mary.
I won't sing.
Tom seemed sick.
Tom hopes Mary will win.
I watched TV.
Tom said he won.
Tom expects Mary to win.
I want a car.
Tom must've won.
Tom didn't let Mary win.
I still sing.
Tom may not win.
Tom and Mary both cried.
I sing a lot.
Tom looks ready.
Tom and Mary are crying.
I seldom cry.
Tom looks awake.
Tom and I despised Mary.
I rarely cry.
Tom looked cold.
Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I often sing.
Tom let me sing.
Tom won't let Mary win.
I never sing.
Tom isn't upset.
Tom will sing for Mary.
I might sing.
Tom isn't tired.
Tom will ask Mary to wait.
I didn't run.
Tom cries a lot.
Tom wasn't mad at Mary.
I also cried.
Tom and I cried.
Tom wasn't Mary's type.
Can you sing?
Tom would wait.
Tom told Mary he'd win.
Who'll sing?
Tom won't wait.
Tom says that Mary won.
We'll leave.
Tom wasn't wet.
Tom says Mary will win.
We all sing.
Tom wasn't shy.
Tom says Mary will cry.
Stand still.
Tom wasn't mad.
Tom says Mary can swim.
May I leave?
Tom wasn't bad.
Tom said Mary has died.
Let me sing.
Tom was abroad.
Tom is upset with Mary.
It's pretty.
Tom swims here.
Tom asked Mary to wait.
It's famous.
Tom should win.
Tom asked Mary to sing.
It was true.
Tom punched me.
Tom also despised Mary.
It was slow.
Tom often wins.
Mary's eyes are pretty.
It was late.
Tom never wins.
Tom says Mary can win.
Is it spicy?
Tom might wait.
Tom saw Mary laughing.
Is it cheap?
Tom might sing.
Tom said Mary may win.
Is it black?
Tom looks rich.
Tom read Mary a story.
I'd do that.
Tom looks cold.
Tom made Mary do that.
I cry a lot.
Tom let me win.
Tom got Mary to smile.
Do you sing?
Tom is a miner.
Tom got Mary to laugh.
Did you run?
Tom is a coach.
Tom and Mary are here.
Can we swim?
Tom is a biker.
Tom treats Mary well.
Can we sing?
Tom ate dinner.
Tom told Mary he won.
Can I leave?
Tom almost won.
Tom saw Mary running.
Please eat.
Tom won't cry.
Tom said Mary snored.
May I swim?
Tom wasn't OK.
Tom knows Mary cried.
May I sing?
Tom taught me.
Mary has pretty eyes.
Let's rest.
Tom might cry.
We all despise Mary.
Just leave.
Tom may leave.
Tom thinks Mary won.
I'll write.
Tom looked OK.
Tom made Mary leave.
I may sing.
Tom isn't wet.
Tom hopes Mary wins.
I may quit.
Tom could win.
Mary is my daughter.
I may come.
Tom and I ran.
Tom saw Mary laugh.
Can I sing?
Tom may sing.
Tom said Mary left.
We smiled.
Tom just won.
Tom made Mary sing.
Let's ski.
Tom just ate.
Tom died, not Mary.
Is it big?
Tom has won.
Tom said Mary won.
I studied.
Tom can win.
Tom lets Mary win.
I may win.
Tom smokes.
I despised Tom.
I hurried.
Tom ate it.
I can win.
Sami always checks his boots for scorpions before he slips his feet inside.
Sami was still nowhere to be found.
The police left no stone unturned.
Sami had an ax to grind with Layla.
Mary is terrified of jellyfish.
That's what I really love about Cairo.
The romance between Sami and Layla went sour.
Sami didn't know anything about Layla's boyfriend.
Police don't have Sami's vehicle on their GPS.
Sami had a grudge with Layla.
Sami recently called it quits with Layla.
Sami and Layla finished their flame once and for all.
Sami was a standout suspect.
Sami acted out his anger on Layla.
Sami is an Illinois native.
Sami has been arrested before and he's in the system.
DNA doesn't lie.
Sami stepped out of the shower.
Sami saw an opportunity to assault Layla sexually.
Sami heard the water running.
The pain of Sami's loss is still fresh in Layla's heart.
Sami's life is slowly getting back to normal.
Sami had an immense amount of hatred towards Layla.
Sami filled Layla's Easter basket to the brim.
Sami was Layla's only grandchild.
Sami knows what to expect from Layla.
Office Sami Bakir was sent to the scene.
Sami was mean sometimes.
The sniper took aim at Sami.
Sami is up to no good.
Sami and Layla sometimes had problems while they were dating.
Sami swore he didn't do that.
The investigators took Sami's DNA.
It seemed likely that Sami was telling the truth.
Sami had a penchant for knives.
Every day, when I get up, I pray to God and brush my teeth.
Sami swore that Layla told him she had done that.
The police knew they had the correct individual.
Syra and Delia trail behind her out.
I come from home.
Sami milks the cows twice a day.
My name is Tom, and I am a systems analyst.
I put a little food on the table.
Let's bunk off class.
Tom is a caretaker.
Tom isn't a caretaker.
Tom seemed sceptical.
Don't flutter about like a hen, when you can soar to the heights of an eagle.
The Spanish police tried to stop people from voting in Catalonia.
Make up your mind once and for all.
Tom doesn't like modern architecture.
Tom likes modern architecture.
Tom and Mary have different tastes.
The building fell down.
The image was altered.
A volcano is erupting in Vanuatu.
I thought it would never happen.
Tom is an undergraduate.
Where's the tube station?
Where's the metro station?
Where's the underground station?
The pavement is slippery.
The image was digitally altered.
We need to work together to find a solution to the problem.
We need to work together, not against each other.
With a cracking of whips and a creaking of wheels the great waggons got into motion and soon the whole caravan was winding along once more.
His iron constitution enabled him to work morning and evening at improving and tilling his lands.
His farm and all that belonged to him prospered exceedingly.
As year succeeded to year she grew taller and stronger, her cheek more ruddy and her step more elastic.
Many a wayfarer upon the high road which ran by Ferrier's farm felt long-forgotten thoughts revive in their minds as they watched her lithe, girlish figure tripping through the wheat-fields, or met her mounted upon her father's mustang, and managing it with all the ease and grace of a true child of the West.
Down the dusty high roads defiled long streams of heavily-laden mules, all heading to the west, for the gold fever had broken out in California.
She had a commission from her father in the city, and was dashing in as she had done many a time before, with all the fearlessness of youth, thinking only of her task and how it was to be performed.
She had reached the outskirts of the city when she found the road blocked by a great drove of cattle, driven by a half-dozen wild-looking herdsmen from the plains.
"Good-bye," he answered, raising his broad sombrero, and bending over her little hand.
Young Jefferson Hope rode on with his companions, gloomy and taciturn.
The sight of the fair young girl, as frank and wholesome as the Sierra breezes, had stirred his volcanic, untamed heart to its very depths.
The love which had sprung up in his heart was not the sudden, changeable fancy of a boy, but rather the wild, fierce passion of a man of strong will and imperious temper.
He had been accustomed to succeed in all that he undertook.
He had been a pioneer in California, and could narrate many a strange tale of fortunes made and fortunes lost in those wild, halcyon days.
He had been a scout too, and a trapper, a silver explorer, and a ranchman.
He soon became a favourite with the old farmer, who spoke eloquently of his virtues. On such occasions, Lucy was silent, but her blushing cheek and her bright, happy eyes showed only too clearly that her young heart was no longer her own.
One summer evening he came galloping down the road and pulled up at the gate. She was at the doorway, and came down to meet him.
He threw the bridle over the fence and strode up the pathway.
"I am off, Lucy," he said, taking her two hands in his, and gazing tenderly down into her face; "I won't ask you to come with me now, but will you be ready to come when I am here again?" "And when will that be?" she asked, blushing and laughing.
There's no one who can stand between us.
"And how about father?" she asked.
The longer I stay, the harder it will be to go.
He tore himself from her as he spoke, and, flinging himself upon his horse, galloped furiously away, never even looking round, as though afraid that his resolution might fail him if he took one glance at what he was leaving.
She stood at the gate, gazing after him until he vanished from her sight. Then she walked back into the house the happiest girl in all Utah.
Oh, father, father, what shall we do?
She could not help observing that he paid unusual care to the fastening of the doors that night, and that he carefully cleaned and loaded the rusty old shotgun which hung upon the wall of his bedroom.
As he approached his farm, he was surprised to see a horse hitched to each of the posts of the gate.
Still more surprised was he on entering to find two young men in possession of his sitting-room. One, with a long pale face, was leaning back in the rocking-chair, with his feet cocked up upon the stove. The other, a bull-necked youth with coarse, bloated features, was standing in front of the window with his hands in his pockets whistling a popular hymn.
"There are two ways out of the room," cried Ferrier; "there is the door, and there is the window. Which do you care to use?"
He concealed his fears from his daughter, however, and affected to make light of the whole matter, though she, with the keen eye of love, saw plainly that he was ill at ease.
Outside all was calm and quiet.
The stars were twinkling brightly overhead.
It's Lucy that brings me here, and before harm comes on her I guess there will be one less o' the Hope family in Utah.
I have a mule and two horses waiting in the Eagle Ravine.
"How much money have you?" "Two thousand dollars in gold, and five in notes."
The greeting between the lovers was warm, but brief, for minutes were precious, and there was much to be done.
"We must make our start at once," said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a low but resolute voice.
Are you taking the piss?
The front and back entrances are watched, but with caution we may get away through the side window and across the fields.
Once on the road we are only two miles from the Ravine where the horses are waiting.
By daybreak we should be halfway through the mountains.
Ferrier carried the bag of gold and notes, Jefferson Hope had the scanty provisions and water, while Lucy had a small bundle containing a few of her more valued possessions.
Opening the window very slowly and carefully, they waited until a dark cloud had somewhat obscured the night, and then one by one passed through into the little garden.
With bated breath and crouching figures they stumbled across the garden, and gained the shelter of the hedge, which they skirted until they came to the gap which opened into the cornfield.
They had just reached this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged them down into the shadow, where they lay silent and trembling.
His prairie training had given Jefferson Hope the ears of a lynx.
Two dark, jagged peaks loomed above them through the darkness.
On a rock which overlooked the track, showing out dark and plain against the sky, there stood a solitary sentinel.
When morning broke, a scene of marvellous though savage beauty lay before them.
In every direction the great snow-capped peaks hemmed them in, peeping over each other's shoulders to the far horizon. So steep were the rocky banks on either side of them that the larch and the pine seemed to be suspended over their heads, and to need only a gust of wind to come hurtling down upon them.
As they passed, a great rock came thundering down with a hoarse rattle which woke the echoes in the silent gorges, and startled the weary horses into a gallop.
As the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps at a festival, until they were all ruddy and glowing.
The magnificent spectacle cheered the hearts of the three fugitives and gave them fresh energy.
At a wild torrent which swept out of a ravine they called a halt and watered their horses, while they partook of a hasty breakfast.
Do I have to do everything myself?
He saw the old man and the young girl crouching over the blazing fire.
From the marks upon the bark of the trees, and other indications, he judged that there were numerous bears in the vicinity.
On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet above him, there stood a creature somewhat resembling a sheep in appearance, but armed with a pair of gigantic horns.
Weighed down with his burden, and weary from his exertions, he stumbled along, keeping up his heart by the reflection that every step brought him nearer to Lucy.
It was only too clear that some sudden and terrible disaster had occurred during his absence.
Go fetch some water from the well.
For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains, leading a strange, wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him.
Tales were told in the city of the weird figure which was seen prowling about the suburbs, and which haunted the lonely mountain gorges.
When he reached St. Petersburg, they had departed for Paris; and when he followed them there, he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagen.
"I guess you're going to take me to the police-station," he remarked to Sherlock Holmes.
I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you.
"I confess," said I, "that I do not quite follow you." "I hardly expected that you would."
Most people, if you describe a train of events to them, will tell you what the result would be. They can put those events together in their minds, and argue from them that something will come to pass. There are few people, however, who, if you told them a result, would be able to evolve from their own inner consciousness what the steps were which led up to that result. This power is what I mean when I talk of reasoning backwards, or analytically.
There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps.
Can't you even do that right?
Tom walked slowly down the garden path.
Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, then, or was it a woman? That was the question which confronted me.
Tom gave flowers to Mary.
Supposing one man wished to dog another through London, what better means could he adopt than to turn cabdriver?
With his long, white, nervous fingers he adjusted the delicate needle and rolled back his left shirtcuff.
Tom is in trouble. He needs help.
It itches.
Did you give Tom the key?
Leave him alone. He has nothing to do with this.
Leave her alone. She has nothing to do with this.
All this is necessary.
In our church, when you marry, you marry for life.
Sami is a father of three with one more on the way.
Sami and Layla started dating seriously.
The police considered Sami as a suspect.
Sami ended the conversation.
The interview was videotaped.
Police connected Sami to the murder.
Let's not make deals today that we would regret later.
Police arrested Sami.
Could you come downstairs, please?
That was the end of Sami's quiet life in Cairo.
Can I kiss him goodbye?
"Use your key." "My key doesn't work."
Sami beat all of his kids.
You've got ten minutes to pack your bags.
Shut that damn dog up.
Sami didn't want Farid that close to his daughter.
Sami loved to hit and leave bruises.
Sami almost always had bruises.
Sami was very abused as a child.
Sami's father ran off when he was just six.
Sami can come and live with us. He's family.
Sami tried to put those things behind his life.
This man wants to fight.
We live in a Muslim country and we are very happy.
Some people want to marry their own dogs.
Sami's motorbike is brand new.
Sami wants to convert to Islam.
Layla is old enough to have children.
Sami and Layla enjoyed to live together.
Sami enjoyed Layla's company.
Was Sami married to Layla?
"Is your mother still in jail." "My mother is not in jail." "Oh, I'm glad she has got out."
Where did you get this statement from?
Does this story hold water?
Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character.
Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?
I am not the oldest one among us.
You've no idea how right you are.
That is not the issue.
The fields must be ploughed quickly.
Is the boy worthy of praise?
The sky has become cloudy.
When he was eighteen years old, he made for Rome.
The stars brighten the shadows.
"A", "B" and "C" are three letters.
We heard a voice in the bedroom.
You aren't threatening to kill me, are you?
The white horse is yours.
The feast began at five o'clock in the afternoon.
Julia cries and calls for Emily.
I see your father's garden.
I believe science is useful.
Why do you now finally want him to come?
It is said Mocho was the first to discover the scale.
I see a big star in the sky.
Their mistress is Emily: she has many maids.
You have many complaints.
Julia buys a mirror and holds it before her eyes.
What time is it currently in Paris?
The flag of Brazil has four colors: green, yellow, blue and white.
Darius organized a fleet of five hundred ships.
Dave has your money.
Hercules killed the lion with a club.
After Greece was conquered, he made a fierce victory and brought the arts to rural Latium.
Mary hates being disturbed when she's studying.
This wasn't what he had imagined at all.
It wasn't what she had imagined at all.
I braced myself for her reaction.
I braced myself for his reaction.
Tom braced himself for Mary's reaction.
Tom and Mary decided to go out for a late-night snack.
Tom and Mary decided to go out for a late-night swim.
Tom was rushed to the hospital after being found unconscious in his home.
He lives next door.
She lives next door.
They vacationed in Hawaii.
"But what about the dishes?" "I'll take care of them later."
There has been a shooting in Las Vegas.
The shooter took his own life.
Sami loved gambling.
Sami's parents called it quits.
Sami took on more hours at work.
Sami started experimenting with drugs.
Sami didn't know how to express his feelings.
Sami sprouted into a handsome young man.
Sami was being seen as a desirable young man by his female classmates.
Sami and Layla never run out of conversation.
Sami and Layla didn't wait long before taking things to the next level.
Sami didn't want to be tied down to Layla.
It's awesome, we're gonna have a baby.
Sami's world crumbled.
Sami was out of sight, out of mind.
Sami was seeing Layla every day.
Sami speaks his mind.
Sami only had eyes for one girl: Layla.
Sami loved the attention from Layla.
Sami loved Layla and wanted to be with her.
If you want to have a baby, it isn't going to be under my roof.
Sami's parents weren't happy.
Sami was living with Layla.
Nine months later, Sami and Layla welcomed a baby girl into the world.
Sami moved back into town to live with his mother.
Sami had a new girlfriend.
Layla was determined to win Sami back.
Sami agreed to meet Layla without his wife knowing.
Sami routinely spoke with Layla on the phone.
This is only adding fuel to a rapidly growing fire.
Sami and Layla had a very strong relationship.
The scandal traveled like wild fire.
Sami was ignoring Layla.
There was a lot of mistrust between Sami and Layla.
Sami clearly loves Layla.
Sami loved Layla and liked Salima.
Sami stopped responding to Layla's calls and texts.
Sami is calling you.
Sami wanted Layla to stay away from Farid.
Sami left for work that night.
Layla began a heated affair with her boss.
Success takes place outside one's comfort zone.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Comfort is your biggest trap and coming out of comfort zone your biggest challenge.
Layla is pregnant with Sami's baby.
Sami moved his family into an apartment.
I need you to be here more.
Sami and Layla have a son together.
This apartment will give Sami and Layla some space to spread out.
Sami shamefully admitted that he was having an affair with Layla.
Sami still wanted to leave.
Sami is molesting my children.
Everything you want is just outside your comfort zone.
Sami went to the kitchen to prepare breakfast.
Mass shootings in the United States have become commonplace.
My dog refused to go for a walk this morning.
The mansion had draping hanging on the wall.
The secret agent infiltrates the enemy base.
The officer told the cadet to get back to work.
Was it you who did it?
I didn't say anything – I just thought out loud.
You and I read.
What is in the basin?
The human heart is untameable.
The human body has two lungs.
The good son always obeys his father.
Julius leaves the village for the house.
"I have been invited to their wedding." "What did you say?" "That I have been invited to their wedding."
Dreams are not always fake.
"Latin is not as hard as Greek." "What did you say?" "That Latin is not as hard as Greek."
The farmers brought back good fruits.
He who guards the soundness of his mind keeps his life.
My son is the first of all the students at this school
My teacher is called Breno.
Plato was a pupil to Socrates.
What animal do you see?
Why is fishing in this river forbidden?
London is in Great Britain.
Julius lives in his house with a large family.
The cold harms the roses.
Hannibal has been forced to leave Italy.
I saw a beautiful house.
Julius angrily beats the rude boy.
What is quantum cryptography?
This is a plastic comb.
What is the use of philosophy?
Esperanto was created by Zamenhof.
Marcus beat Julia.
Blind be he whoever portrayed you yet did not paint that birthmark of yours gifted by Venus herself.
Tom is the son of a murderer.
I will be moving on tomorrow.
Does Maria not owe you?
Maria denied that she is friends with Thomas.
I see my book.
What's the point of philosophy?
Flee to Egypt and stay there until I tell you otherwise.
Has somebody called me?
Didymus left Rome.
Anna gladly eats chocolate.
All cats are beautiful.
Sloths are slow.
Sloths eat leaves.
Sloths are good swimmers.
Reptiles are cold-blooded.
Lemurs are not monkeys.
Tom could talk the hind leg off a donkey.
The volcano is erupting.
Mount Sakurajima is one of the world's most active volcanoes.
Baby lynxes are cute.
An Alaskan man awoke to find a lynx family on his deck.
Tom could start an argument in an empty room.
Snakes are scary.
Tom could start a fight in an empty room.
Marine iguanas are expert swimmers.
The marine iguana is a species of iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands.
Some things can't be rushed.
Tom is struggling to pay rent.
Tom suffered in silence.
The idea caught like wildfire.
Prophecies are often vague.
Tom seemed surprised by the invitation.
She seemed surprised by the invitation.
Tom lives in a micro apartment.
Oh my God, you look so different!
Oh my God, you look good!
Tom's parents often fight.
It happened really fast.
What is philosophy's point?
Sami wanted to get an A on this paper.
All cops are bastards.
Layla announced that she was pregnant.
Sami felt that he wasn't ready to become a father.
What's this strange music?
Turn this music off immediately.
Sami and Layla started to drift apart.
Sami and Layla slowly started to drift apart.
Sami and Layla continued their secret affair unbeknownst to their spouses.
Sami blamed Layla for ruining their marriage.
Sami and Layla separated from each other.
Sami and Layla had sex in random places.
Sami let it slip that he was Layla's boyfriend.
Sami was running up the stairs.
Layla broke the news that she was pregnant.
Sami no longer has Layla in his life.
Sami is aware of Layla's past.
Sami didn't want to be in this love triangle between Farid and Layla.
Because it was late, Sami encouraged Layla to spend the night in his apartment.
Sami has been in and out of jail.
Sami was going through his voice mail.
Sami would place the blame on anyone else except himself.
She is my happiness.
Sami found out that Layla was pregnant.
For me, my wife is the perfect woman.
It happened exactly on our wedding day, darling.
Understood in its totality, the spectacle is both the result and the goal of the dominant mode of production. It is not a mere decoration added to the real world. It is the very heart of this real society's unreality. In all of its particular manifestations — news, propaganda, advertising, entertainment — the spectacle represents the dominant model of life. It is the omnipresent affirmation of the choices that have already been made in the sphere of production and in the consumption implied by that production. In both form and content the spectacle serves as a total justification of the conditions and goals of the existing system. The spectacle also represents the constant presence of this justification since it monopolizes the majority of the time spent outside the production process.
"Make us a brew, Tom," said Mary. "And put a record on while you're at it!"
Change the record.
He prayed harder.
That lentil loaf was stunning, Tom.
"I wouldn't touch Tom's shepherd's pie with a bargepole," Mary snorted.
It does not depend on me anymore.
It doesn't depend on me anymore.
Trust generates trust.
My colleague has a colleague.
My colleague has a big neck.
I don't think he is trustworthy.
I don't think she is trustworthy.
I don't think they are trustworthy.
I don't think you are trustworthy.
Mary's revealing dress left little to the imagination.
Her revealing dress left nothing to the imagination.
Mary's dress left little to the imagination.
The road is muddy.
Go slow if the road is muddy.
This factory is almost completely automated.
This factory is fully-automated.
All the humans were replaced by robots.
Tom is following a fad diet.
Some diets can make you ill.
Tom made a note on his pad.
Tom scribbled a note on his pad.
"Yes," he admitted.
Tom shook his head in concern.
The doctor made a note on his pad.
May I have your name, sir?
You need to speed up.
The urban population is growing rapidly in many developing countries.
Tom smiled happily.
Mary smiled happily.
Tom was arrested for the murder of Mary.
Tom and Mary mortgaged their house.
Tom borrowed money from the bank.
Tom put his pad back into his breast pocket.
It fits perfectly... Well, almost perfectly.
Tom's kitchen has underfloor heating.
Tom's bathroom has a heated floor.
Tom's bathroom has a radiant floor.
When is the baby due?
Tom follows a vegan diet.
What about the neighbors?
Mary is months pregnant.
Mary is nine months pregnant.
The baby is due any day now.
"Can't you forgive me?" "No, Tom. What you have done is unforgivable."
Do you speak Lithuanian?
Riders can form a close bond with their horse.
Tom grew up in Germany, but he now lives in the United States.
That's a challenging question.
Sami invited Layla to dinner.
Sami and Layla's relationship evolved into a hot and steamy affair.
Sami became a very loving person to Layla and her kids.
Sami became more controlling.
You need to figure this out.
Who put these flowers in that room?
Sami was desperate to keep his family above water.
Sami was arrested on the spot.
Sami was fired from his job for stealing.
"I got fired." "Are you serious?"
"I got fired." "Again?! You're worthless."
Sami stole a gun.
Sami tried to cash the check.
Sami often worked after hours.
Sami had the key for the building.
The alarm went off immediately.
Sami was Farid's identical twin.
Sami coldly ignored Layla.
Sami bolted to his car.
Sami drove for five miles.
Twenty dollars aren't enough to support a family for even a day.
Police responded to the alarm.
The police didn't find any evidence related to who the shooter was.
Sami and Layla were hoping for some privacy.
Sami shot Layla point blank.
Sami ran to the exit.
Sami escaped in a stolen car.
Sami abandoned the car in a deserted lot.
Sami was trying to hit Layla.
Sami was hit in the shoulder.
Sami forced Layla out of the office.
Sami made his escape back home.
Sami was interviewed for six hours.
Sami had a dysfunctional relationship with his mother.
Sami did everything he could to escape.
Sami is out of control.
Sami just simply disappeared.
Sami started shooting.
Sami started showering Layla with gifts.
Sami shot Layla in the head.
How's everything, people?
Stop mocking me.
Sami will follow you.
Who is going to believe that?
What does your daughter look like?
Sami would call the cops immediately if he finds himself in this situation.
Sami looked at me in an ugly way.
Please don't take it personally.
No doctor has been able to diagnose Sami's condition, I'm afraid.
Sami can't change that.
Be careful not to fall in love with that girl. She's a stripper, Sami.
Sami did it purely for fun.
I really don't need anyone to defend me.
I know that I shouldn't be taking this personally, but I don't like this kind of joke.
I'm not involved in this.
I won't forgive you for this.
Turn off the sprinklers.
I should sleep for three months at least.
I'll show you the way to Sami's office.
Don't erase the board.
I baked butter cookies.
I fried the dough.
It's just water.
There is water everywhere.
I'll be the last to take a bath.
Are you worried about something?
How is Sami doing over there?
Let Sami know that that car belongs to me.
Don't take that seriously.
If something happens, call me.
Sit up and drink this tea.
I can't stand any more humiliation.
I'm not good at handling this.
The box was full of frogs and toads.
I'll show them just how strong I am.
I can't wait to get back to our own house.
The spirit of a language is most clearly expressed in its untranslatable words.
Would you like to use this box?
I'm sure your girlfriend is going to love it.
This girl has become a nightmare for me.
If they find us here, we're dead.
I dare you tell me that?
I don't need to explain this.
That's considered as kidnapping in any part of the world.
We have already clarified this with you.
Shut up or I'll throw you in jail.
You can't leave me here. I know my rights.
There is a naked man in Layla's room.
I really need to ask you a favor.
I promise I won't let you down.
I'll give it a try, at least.
Your classmates say the same.
I promise not to disappoint you.
I'm definitely no fool and I'll show it to you.
I really hope the gift cheers Sami up.
What do you think about the gift?
Do you like the gift?
Layla has a man in her room.
I didn't really mean to hit you.
Let me tell you that this can get much worse than that.
Sami is so pale and cold.
Will you please open your eyes?
His heart is beating. I can hear it.
Did you really want to hit me with that bat?
Sami was pretending to be unconscious.
I really didn't mean to hurt you.
Never mock me again.
I sent you a box of chocolates.
I know that you like chocolate.
What was in that box?
I left Sami's house at six.
That's a strategy they use.
Was the car stolen?
Why don't you go to the police headquarters and report that?
I didn't know it was a gift.
All you have to do is open your mouth and eat.
I don't like seeing you this way.
Do you really think that I hate you so much?
I've got some more chocolate for you.
Eat it all. It's all for you.
I'll be outside to do my work. Excuse me.
I'm just taking a shower.
Where did you hide the box?
What am I supposed to do with you?
Can we be friends now?
I would like to invite you to a ride which you will never forget.
So you're the one playing practical jokes on me.
Sami knows how to play this game.
Come here beside me and say it again.
Sami took the CD's and left.
I don't know what happened when I was unconscious.
I don't care if you see me naked.
Why is that woman screaming?
I'll make the decision alone.
Sami and Layla were together in her room.
This doesn't surprise me at all.
Layla is just like her mother.
There will come a time when she begs me to forgive her.
Start clapping.
Stop playing jokes on me.
Sami took his pants off.
Sami was mugged by four men.
Can you explain this to us?
I'm not available for anyone.
May I offer you any help?
Sami is at the police headquarters.
You'll never change, Sami.
Try it and tell me what it tastes like.
"This soup is delicious." "I agree with you."
I'm sorry, Mr. Bakir, but this is really urgent.
"What did I say about interruptions?" "I'm really sorry Mr. Bakir, but this is absolutely urgent."
Sami is definitely one of a kind.
I was feeling breathless when I saw her in that dress.
The watchman assured me that there was nothing unusual out there.
I didn't know that you were here.
Please keep yourself clean.
Why are you so cruel to Sami?
Come back immediately.
You have just boosted my self-esteem.
"I can't tell my girlfriend that I'm in jail." "But she will find out anyway."
"It's a long story." "Yeah, a long and boring story."
Sami managed to get out of there without being seen by anyone.
The muggers took Sami's pants off.
You took my pants off and tried to rape me. You'll pay for this. I promise.
You're as honest as your mom.
To me, my mom was wonderful.
Don't be so sad.
This doesn't mean that you're going to be alone.
I don't feel like thinking about marriage right now.
Your place is here, in your father's house.
You can pay your mom a visit any time you want.
"Sami is missing." "Don't tell me."
Sami spends all his time wasting money.
You're such a genius.
"I'll pay you." "I'm not doing this for money."
Don't talk about the past.
Sami doesn't know how to control himself.
I look ugly and terrible.
Look at my hair. It's just terrible.
I can't even wash my face.
Sami signed the papers.
I'll have to do something to soothe away this pain.
You prefer living with books.
You prefer living with Facebook, as if you didn't have a wife and kids to care about.
I've had a bad day.
You already know what I want.
I know you love jokes.
You didn't have to throw the phone like that.
Do you want my phone number, too?
Sami was born and raised on the quiet streets of a small town.
Sami's girlfriend told him that she was pregnant.
Sami and Layla began a clandestine relationship.
Sami was blinded by love.
Let me copy it.
Don't ask stupid questions.
It was not our homework.
Love does not go that far.
At home I am never bored.
The dictator distracted the populace by tricking them into victimizing marginalized people.
Tom escapes from his increasingly oppressive life by victimizing people worse off than him.
Hitler rose to power not by promising to victimize Jews but by convincing the German people that Jews were victimizing them.
The unpopular, unelected dictator's appointee rolled back protections for vulnerable populations in the name of the majority.
Tom's dead as a doornail.
Transgender people are human beings, not conversation pieces.
Someone else's life is not a conversation piece.
Mary suffered deep vein thrombosis while she was pregnant.
Isn't that a spaghetti western, Tom?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is my favorite spaghetti western.
What's a spaghetti western, Tom?
Can you eat a spaghetti western?
The value of Tom's work was promptly redistributed to the shareholders.
Tom digitizes cookbooks for a living.
Dial for directory assistance.
Mary's at the shooting gallery with Jeanette.
In times of great need, pet a cat.
It would be impossible to exhaustively cover the subject in this short paper.
Is that a mural of the building it's painted on?
You can't reanimate the dead.
Be careful not to inhale the spores; they're deadly.
Resources everyone uses should be community property. Personal items can continue to be personal property.
The absentee landlord requires a state to enforce his claims to the property.
Transphobia, also known as trans antagonism, is the main cause of the disparity between the mental health of transgender and cisgender people. Hormonal and surgical inverventions are, in most cases, the best way to improve the mental health of transgender people.
The claim that nonbinary people do not have gender dysphoria is dated and runs contrary to current medical standards.
Progressives are always excited to learn the world is not as simple as they believed it was; reactionaries are angered by the very suggestion.
St. Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland.
Saint Anthony of Padua is the patron saint of lost things.
Why did you get suspended?
A young Japanese woman died after working hours of overtime in one month.
Mary called Tom a moron.
She cheated on him.
He cheated on her.
Most off-road vehicles never go off road.
French is a neo-latin language that emerged in the 9th century.
My mom is the best cook in the world!
I shouldn't mourn.
My mom cooks the best food in the world!
What an idiot I was, leaving the shopping bag on top of the car!
Sami opened up about his supposedly awful marriage.
Sami split with his wife.
Layla allowed an abusive man back into her life.
This can lead to jealousy.
The can lead to fits of anger.
Sami had knife wounds to his head and face.
Stay put. I'm calling an ambulance.
Sami was taken to the police station for further questioning.
Police decided to hold Sami as a suspect.
Sami knew that Layla had thrown him under the bus.
Police put the cuffs on Sami.
Sami made a miraculous recovery.
You stop seeing Sami or we're done.
The breakup was tough for Sami.
Sami created a phony e-mail address.
Sami and Layla buried their hatchet.
Sami tied a plastic bag around Layla's head and suffocated her to death.
Sami was dealing with some emotional difficulties.
Sami purchased an electric chainsaw.
Don't even text me.
Sami regained his composure.
Sami was the mastermind behind the robbery.
Layla refused to have an abortion.
Sami emptied the whole clip on Layla.
Sami was the lone mastermind.
Sami had another girlfriend.
Layla was so dark and pretty.
Tomato, tomato.
Layla's baby was due June, 6th.
Sami sat next to a pregnant young lady.
Sami was on active military duty.
Sami hasn't spoken with Layla for a while.
When we plant rice, grass grows too, but when we plant grass, it never grows rice. As we're doing "good" things sometimes "bad" things are participating. However, while we're doing "disadvantages" there's no "kindness" with it. Don't get bored of doing "good" things although sometimes imperfect.
Sami and Layla decided mutually to break off the relationship.
Sami was adamant that he had never had sex with Layla.
Sami isn't sure who Layla's unborn baby's father was.
Police interviewed everybody.
We're having an affair.
Police pressed Sami for more answers.
I was afraid my wife was gonna find out.
Sami was still deeply in love with Layla.
The police pulled Sami's phone records from the night he disappeared.
The police decided to pay Sami another visit.
Sami and Layla were building a life together.
Sami confronted Layla about the pregnancy.
"Do you mind if I check this room?" "Go ahead."
The police increasingly believed that Sami had something to do with Layla's disappearance.
The police obtained Sami's cell-phone records.
Boris asked me to give this to you.
Only the murderer would know that.
Sami didn't want that child.
Sami was born into a large and loving family in Cairo, Egypt.
Sami was just very easy to be around.
Of these people, the Belgae are the bravest, because they are the farthest from the culture and civilization of the province, and merchants visit them the least often and bring in such things that are of interest for those with weak minds, and closest are the Germans, who live across the Rhine, with whom they constantly wage war.
In the family, one can find an uncle and an aunt, a mother and a father, a son and a daughter, a grandson and a granddaughter, as well as a brother and a sister, the father's uncle or the mother's and the father's aunt or the mother's, the brother's and sister's son or daughter, and the wife's or husband's brother or sister.
All of Germania is separated from the Gauls, Raetians and Pannonians by the rivers Rhine and Danube, and from the Sarmatians and Dacians by mutual awe or mountains: the ocean surrounds the rest, encompassing wide peninsulas and the vast areas of islands, their peoples and kings just recently known to us, with whom war has now begun.
Finally stop playing hide-and-seek.
The policeman shot into the air.
What is your salary?
Any stupid boy can stamp on a beetle, but all the professors in the world cannot create a beetle.
Tom, don't fidget.
Stop squirming. Sit still.
It sounds you've spent yourself in a hole.
It sounds you are in heavy debt.
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Paris."
I asked Tom not to wait for us.
I think that Tom can swim fairly well.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to do that for you.
They found out the truth.
Was it a biological weapon?
Never, never, never give up.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
With the power of soul anything is possible.
You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven.
You cook better than I do.
I go to the gym two or three times a week.
I went to the gym two or three times a week.
The essence of mathematics is not to make simple things complicated, but to make complicated things simple.
Whoa, wait a second there.
Bruno spends his birthday in solitary confinement.
He's an old hand.
He's a johnny-come-lately.
I don't want to tread on anyone's toes.
You have to be more careful with things other than your own.
Mary's band self-financed its first single.
Mary's band self-financed their debut single.
I'm not that daft.
That's a first.
They're entering uncharted waters.
Tom is happy to let Mary and John take the limelight.
Tom won the booby prize.
You're not exactly modesty personified.
Tom is charm personified.
Tom and Mary had a night on the tiles.
If your name's not on the list, you're not coming in.
It's a bit cliquey here, isn't it?
Tom looks half-cut.
Mary sounds a bit sozzled.
Is this a private conversation, or can anyone join in?
Today is Saturday, the seventh of October.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.
Have you already dressed?
"Maria has horns, hooves and a tail." "Is she a demon?" "No, a cow."
It's my first weekend home.
I came home last weekend.
It's my first weekend back at home.
Tom, my feet are freezing. Please get me my slippers!
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to a human soul.
Maria usually answers mail immediately.
I liked the book very much. It contains many points of contact with my own life.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
Tom's a polite, kind, and self-effacing chap, who you wouldn't hesitate to introduce to your parents.
"Tom's back again." "Worse luck."
Content is the philosopher's stone, that turns all it touches into gold.
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
I fled France for Finland.
The body is only the form of the soul.
It is the spirit that builds the body.
I don't know that girl's name.
Tom spent his birthday in solitary confinement.
Tom spent his birthday in jail.
Tom spent his birthday in the hospital.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
Never ever give up.
Sami was in the prime of his life.
Layla was sexually active with her father.
Layla started having sex with her own father.
Layla was sexually abused by her own father.
Sami was very open about the relationship.
Sami was ill with cancer.
Sami's cancer was in remission.
Sami didn't have cancer at all.
Layla was performing fellatio on Sami.
I put the cuffs on Sami.
Sami liked to portray himself as an innocent victim.
The police found a critical piece of evidence.
Sami maintained a cool composure.
Sami was first molested by his father at age four.
Sami lured prostitutes into his van then raped them.
Police noticed drag marks on the floor.
Layla was screaming for attention.
Sami left the door unlocked.
What's your number again?
Police didn't accept Sami's missing person's report.
Layla worked as a prostitute.
Sami had a very difficult life.
Layla was a sex worker.
Layla also worked as a prostitute.
Layla too was a sex worker.
Sami murdered a prostitute.
There was no DNA evidence on the letter.
Have you ever had sex with this woman?
Sami got hooked on cocaine.
Sami was a brutal beast.
Sami's true persona came to light.
Sami taped Layla while she performed sex acts on him.
Sami had Layla perform oral sex on him.
Sami despises prostitutes for their lifestyle.
Sami was looking for drug-addicted prostitutes.
Sami took the prostitute back to his home.
Sami tortured the prostitute to death.
I can't stay longer. This is Sunday.
Why don't you stop smoking?
"You have pressure, I have pressure, why do you want to provoke me?"
He has no parents. He is an orphan.
Everyone either went through it or is going through it right now.
I should have done that earlier.
So, what's new?
The bridge separates city A from city B.
Are we already going?
Here is the video that they watch.
We find springs and joy everywhere.
Csardas is a traditional Hungarian folk dance.
Tom loves his dog.
He who feeds a hungry animal, feeds his own soul.
What's the best solution?
My great-grandfather began to work in a Welsh colliery when he was only twelve years old.
Tonight there’s a fireworks show.
Tom has a terrible cold and croaks like a raven.
Tomorrow I'll be in Skopje.
The proposed law would offer amnesty for minor offenses.
The abrasive cleanser damaged the surface of the bathtub.
After sitting so long on the ground, I had pins and needles in my feet when I stood up.
May I speak to the lady of the house?
I want to wear a turtleneck in this weather.
It's too hot to wear a turtleneck.
The political dissident has spent nearly a decade under house arrest.
If you're cheating on me, you're going to regret it.
I know you're cheating on me.
Sami never knew who Layla was talking to on the phone.
Sami and Layla's marriage was failing.
Sami probably spent the weekend with his new girlfriend.
Sami wanted to speak to me.
That happens.
It's not that unusual.
Does your husband beat you?
Are you arresting me for domestic violence? Come on, guys!
Sami didn't arrive for work on Monday morning.
We know you beat your wife regularly. Your kids have told us everything.
What's that black eye? Did Sami beat you again? You should report him to the police.
"What's that black eye?" "It's nothing, really." "Did Sami beat you again?"
Sami was having an affair with a co-worker.
Sami found a condom in his room.
Sami was having an affair with somebody.
Sami has heard this tale of domestic infidelity dozens of times.
Sami and Layla's marriage was on the brink of divorce.
Sami and Layla were living separate lives.
Sami and Layla were going through a divorce.
This happens often and you have to accept that.
Sami doesn't only dress as a woman. He believes he is one.
Sami, a transsexual, created an alter ego he named Layla.
Layla's secret lesbian affair could ruin her marriage.
We were stopping passers-by.
He was stopping passers-by
She was stopping passers-by.
I was stopping passers-by
They were stopping passers-by.
Mary was stopping passers-by.
Tom was stopping passers-by.
Sami was addicted to phone sex.
Can I meet you?
Layla confronted Sami about his phone sex addiction.
Sami dreamed of a life near the mountains.
The community were shocked when they heard about the violent attack.
Uniformity hinders the development of society and prepares it for destruction from within.
Sami and Layla were found shot in their room.
Sami was in fear for his life.
Sami will remain in jail for the rest of his natural life.
Sami knew the Bible back and forth.
Everyone in town was stunned by Sami's death.
Everybody in the community was shocked that Sami was gone.
Sami caused a scene at Layla's wedding.
Do you know how much you embarrass me?
If all the bees died, mankind would only live for four more years.
Life in Sami's home was not as saintly as it seemed.
Have you really looked at yourself in the mirror lately?
Sami didn't want to be seen naked.
The light was burnt out.
The lamp fell into the tub.
Sami had strict rules for his daughters when it came to dating.
Sami had to call Farid to get permission to ask his daughter out.
Sami had a few enemies with an ax to grind.
Sami was overly flirtatious with his female students.
Sami was having an affair with a married woman.
Sami was hiding a scandalous past.
Sami fell in love with one of his female students.
Sami and Layla began a scandalous affair.
Sami and Layla continued their illicit love relationship.
Sami threatened to expose Layla's affair.
If Sami's affair were exposed, he wouldn't have been able to work as a teacher.
Sami had a long-time affair with Layla.
Sami and Layla had a secret relationship.
Sami was a town pastor.
Sami refused to break with Layla.
Sami has ended this affair months ago.
Sami called Layla insisting they get back together.
The police were short on evidence.
Sami knew about the affair.
Sami has been e-mailing a lady in Egypt.
You're going straight to hell.
I'm a sinner, too.
Will God forgive us?
I've sinned.
Sami turned his back on the Lord.
The police asked Sami to wear a wire and question his father.
Sami needed to do this to find the truth.
Sami pled with Layla to tell him the truth.
I'm sorry I ruined your wedding.
Sami wanted to keep his infidelity from ever becoming public.
Sami would kill to cover his infidelity up.
Sami went back to Egypt to try to make a life of his own.
Sami still lived in Egypt with his father.
Sami was in a relationship with Layla.
When am I going to see you again?
We're gonna find a way for us to be together.
Sami wanted to build a new life Layla could be part of.
Sami got his love life back on the saddle.
I knew Sami was having an affair.
Sami was trying to rebuild his life.
Sami's car was sitting in the parking lot.
Sami's phone has been turned off.
Please don't shoot me.
Sami put the money in the bag.
Sami had access to the safe.
Police suspected Sami had been living a double life.
Sami was getting his life back on track.
What was Sami doing in his life to get him killed?
The police crossed Sami off their suspect list.
Sami has been sleeping with a married woman.
Sami wanted to keep the affair secret.
Sami knew that Layla was married.
Sami and Layla continued their affair.
Sami had no intention of ever ending the affair.
Sami had no intention of leaving his wife for Layla.
Sami deserves to know about the affair.
I'm going to tell everyone about the affair.
My family need to know that you got me pregnant.
Police couldn't find Sami anywhere.
Sami's wife found out about the affair.
Sami was living a double life.
Sami knew that his wife was having an affair with a married man.
Sami found out about Layla was having an affair.
You cheat on me with this slut?
Sami didn't want to be shamed in the village by his cheating wife.
I swear that if you ever talk or see that Layla again, you're a dead man.
Sami had a hidden life that nobody knew about.
Sami was on a pornographic website.
Sami has been satisfying his sexual urges with teenagers online.
Sami has also been seeing men.
Sami was a habitual cheater.
Sami was a volunteer firefighter.
Sami decided to take revenge on his wife.
If you continue seeing that Layla, I swear I will kill you.
Layla is a homewrecking bitch.
Sami was addicted to pornography.
Sami found out that Layla was on dating websites.
Sami was very much alive.
Sami was addicted to social media.
Sami had a completely secret life that his wife didn't know about.
Sami was seeking out men on online porn websites.
I've told you what I know. It's the truth.
You throw me away for that homewrecking bitch?
You can both burn in hell.
Sami and Layla were building a life together in Cairo.
Sami left the iron on in his bedroom.
Sami and Layla's happy marriage was concealing a terrifying truth.
There is a word for women like Layla: whore.
Layla is a dirty slut.
If you play with fire, you're going to get burned.
Sami and Layla were still married when he started sleeping with Salima.
Layla basically stole Sami from Salima.
Sami and Layla appeared to be having a perfect marriage until Salima came along.
Stay away from my husband, you whore!
Sami and Layla were married at the time.
Layla flirted with everyone on the ward.
A woman scorned can be extremely dangerous.
Sami and Layla began flirting.
Sami has made a number of enemies around town.
There was something off in Sami's life.
Layla cut Sami off from sex.
Sami wasn't interested in having sex with Layla.
Sami was known for sleeping around.
Sami wasn't in the dark about Layla's affair.
Sami was seeing another woman.
I'm not cheating on you.
Keep your whore away from my husband.
Layla stole Sami's attention.
Do you know what you did to me?
I'm having a very difficult time to get over it.
"Are you involved in an extramarital affair?" "That's ridiculous."
I would never cheat on Sami.
Sami had a pretty solid alibi.
Sami's alibi was pretty solid.
Sami's affair was well known in town.
Sami had a weak alibi.
Sami lied about the affair.
Sami was the person Layla was having an affair with.
Sami was having an affair with Layla.
My life is very difficult to manage.
Sami discovered that Layla had been cheating on him.
Sami and Layla's affair was still going on.
Sami has been sleeping with one of Layla's closest friends.
Sami was about Farid and Layla's age.
Sami admitted to that affair having occured.
The intimate moments of that affair took place in Layla's bedroom.
Sami told Layla that his relationship with Salima was trivial.
Sami was having an affair with his boss's wife.
Sami insisted that his affair with Layla was just about sex and that he didn't intend to leave his wife for his girlfriend.
Sami's affair with Layla was another secret his wife wasn't aware of.
You're not giving me what I need.
I'm your wife and I deserve more than this.
Sami was having an affair with a nurse named Layla.
Layla quit nursing.
Layla was a sexy college cheerleader.
Layla was interested in cheerleading.
Layla, a prostitute, wanted a decent type of life.
Sami gained the entirety of the life insurance policy.
Sami and Layla were having an affair at the hospital.
Sami's affair with Layla was just the tip of the iceberg.
Sami's alibi seemed airtight.
We need to save his place, because he said he would return.
We need to save her place, because she said she would return.
This tree will never bear fruit.
These trees will never bear fruit.
This tree is dead and should be cut down.
The swallows are migrating.
This is said to be a sacred place.
Tom recovered from his illness.
Mary recovered from her illness.
What's on top of the mountain?
I don't know what's on top of the mountain.
I don't know what's in that box.
I saw your brother the day before yesterday.
I saw your sister the day before yesterday.
When did you learn to read?
It's too sunny.
Is there snow on top of the mountain?
There's snow on top of the mountain.
There are trees on top of the mountain.
Are there trees on top of the mountain?
We can't climb that mountain. It's too high.
Mary and Tom are going to Paris.
This dress fits like a glove!
You've disappointed me a lot.
Today is Monday, the ninth of October.
Mary is very slim, almost lean.
Yesterday was Sunday, the eighth of October.
Tomorrow is Tuesday, the tenth of October.
Tom is an independent journalist.
Tom is an award-winning journalist.
Mary is an award-winning photographer.
They don't need to wait.
Swallows are migratory birds.
They don't need to hurry.
They don't have to hurry.
They don't need to worry.
"Perhaps you are right, Watson," he said.
The game is hardly worth the candle.
Well, the rules of the game have changed.
We must be prepared for sudden changes.
What's everyone talking about?
With words, people can bring each other the greatest happiness or the greatest despair.
Natalia is the teacher's favourite, but she will never admit that.
They sleep.
And that is how he got himself out of danger.
You leave me little choice.
Tom was punished for his crimes.
Tom was never punished for his crimes.
Tom was born in Normal, Illinois.
He did not seem offended.
She did not seem offended.
I can't wait until tomorrow. I'm so excited!
Can it wait until tomorrow?
Mary watched The Sound of Music.
Mary is a free-spirited young woman.
Mary is studying to become a nun.
Have you and Tom been fighting again?
He kissed her earlobe.
"My mind," he said, "rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere."
Tom raised his children alone following the death of his wife.
The children trust and respect her.
Mary made clothes for the children.
Mary taught the children how to sing.
Do you have jumper cables?
What did you do about it?
You better go back to your room.
How is it going between you and Tom?
How is it going with you and Tom?
Is there anything more romantic than a picnic?
Mary is a wealthy socialite.
How quickly can we get there?
More than once during the years that I had lived with him in Baker Street I had observed that a small vanity underlay my companion's quiet and didactic manner.
Tom's feelings for Mary, however, had not changed.
Julia takes the mirror and holds it in front of her eyes.
I liked him but I didn't love him.
Greece, once conquered, in turn conquered its uncivilized conqueror, and brought the arts to rustic Latium.
"You have an extraordinary genius for minutiae," I remarked.
My feelings for you have not changed.
Tom acted the fool but, in reality, had an education and keenness of mind second to none.
Who's the wally who's chucked his socks in the loo?
I don't know what that nitwit could see.
The voices on the tape were indecipherable.
Tom gave a barnstorming performance.
Three minutes ago I considered myself intelligent. Now I feel like the biggest numpty going!
Tom was magnanimous in victory.
Tom was gracious in defeat.
My parents never allow me to do anything.
My parents never allowed me to do anything.
Please wait. I'll bring you a towel.
Money was tight.
Did you see anything unusual?
I'm ready to pay for that.
Everything in this room is going to be recorded.
We are being recorded. Are you OK with that?
This conversation is going to be recorded.
Sami and Layla had a picture-perfect life.
In love affairs, things heat up fast.
I'm interested in you.
I love you madly.
Sami's wife is gonna find out.
Your dad is having an affair with that slut.
I prepared a trap for Sami.
What an unlucky girl Layla is.
I don't know what to do to convince Layla that I'm not cheating on her.
No woman can resist this.
Can you learn to eat properly?
Sami smashed the cake to my face.
That's the truth. I swear to you.
Everyone must follow my orders.
My other uniform has just been washed.
This is my only uniform.
Please stop and let Sami explain.
Who is going to clean this?
I caused this mess, so I'll clean it up.
What do you even know about this stuff?
That's enough laughing.
It didn't happen like that.
Sami has recently lost his mother.
I swear I'll make it right.
What a pleasure to be in my home again.
Could you take the luggage upstairs?
I wanted to see you so badly.
I'll take a long warm bath.
I'll wait for you in the room.
You don't have any other option.
My uniform shrank.
Sami should apologize to you.
I can't have dinner with you.
This is my Halloween costume from last year.
No one complains.
I'll visit Sami's huge mansion tomorrow.
Who ordered this pizza?
I've never met my mother.
Do not push your luck.
Sami always gets away with it.
I know you feel lonely sometimes.
I must pretend what I'm not.
I'll get you out of this reality.
The past is catching up on us.
The boat is on fire.
God has a plan for Sami.
I really would like to be with you right now.
I've been thinking about this moment for months.
You have the power to make me crazy.
I can no longer continue to pretend that I love you.
Layla is my only sister.
That's the Sami I know.
Do you expect me to eat this kind of garbage?
Is this what I ordered?
Why can't you just eat in peace?
I used to see Layla so desirable.
Why did Sami abandon me?
I need you beside me right now.
We only have water once a week.
Sami wasn't very comfortable round girls.
Layla is a movie actress without money.
This dress was made specially for you.
You can start without me. I'm not very hungry.
Layla is educated and very sentimental.
"Layla is a very intelligent girl." "Yes, I've realized that."
Layla has a pretty face.
"Is Layla ugly." "Not really. But she's a bit fat."
Say that in Arabic so that I can understand.
Sami is fat and everyone is making fun of him.
I didn't ask for ice cream.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Bakir, but I disagree with you.
What has Sami ever done to them?
I missed you terribly.
Layla is so beautiful and so thin.
Sami is so very much in love with Layla.
Sami is not going to be yours, you bitch!
Maybe I'll have a costume made like that for next Halloween.
This costume fits you like a glove.
This fat guy is becoming a rude person.
The same speech again.
You order and I obey, baby.
I know some powerful people in the government.
I brought souvenirs for everybody.
I don't expect presents from people I don't know.
Why don't you sew your mouth shut?
Sami should sew his mouth tight.
You can give me so much more.
"Who's knocking?" "It's my husband!"
I don't want to go to hell.
Sami and Layla will end up in hell, too.
You're nothing but a dirty slut.
Sami shot his wife's lover.
I swear to you that I'm going to live with only one purpose in life: making you happy.
I'm tired of this stupidity.
I just can't stand this foolishness.
I feel I can't breathe.
I really don't know how to dance.
What's Sami doing up there?
Don't be such a killjoy.
And now you think I'm your wife!
I already have the love of my life.
I don't like it at all that he always care so much about Layla.
We're home now.
Just leave me here.
It's not good to sleep in the car.
The party was so good.
My husband could be here any time.
Sami and Layla were kissing passionately.
Sami was reading Layla's diary.
Sami found Layla's diary in a drawer.
Sami searched Layla's room and found her diary.
Who's sleeping here?
Why is Layla here?
Sami and Layla slept in the car.
Maybe Sami was sleepwalking.
Think hard, Sami.
Think about what you're going to do.
Sami and Layla spent the night doing drugs in the bathroom.
Should I try to wake Sami up?
Mennad left the house in the middle of the night.
I better leave it like that.
Sami has really ruined my night.
I must think of a way out.
Why are you up there?
Why are you so noisy?
I'm just asking you.
Why did you sleep in that chair?
Are you not going to tell me?
You must be Sami's mother.
I noticed Sami knew about that.
Sami lives in another town.
Soon I'll know more than I already know.
Nothing is wrong with me.
Sami went back to sleep.
Ask Sami to bring me a painkiller.
Who will believe us now?
They say talk is cheap.
I think Sami knew that as well.
Layla liked doing mom things.
Sami didn't see any other option.
If there is anyone here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
It's funny how life works out sometimes.
If there are visitors here from Boston, would you please stand up and tell us your name?
Sami wants to make his peace with God.
Sami is in jail, paying for his sins.
Sami swallowed a bunch of pills.
I feel I have been hit by a truck.
I can't believe it. We slept together?
"We slept together?" "It doesn't look like we slept together."
Thank God you're awake now.
Sami took some sleeping pills.
Sami threw the pills in the garbage.
Why did you do that? Do you want to die?
You got yourself drunk.
Sami brought me home.
You two slept together. I know that.
I fell asleep on top of Sami.
If there are any doctors here who can help us, please let Tom know.
You're just a spoilt brat.
I think that won't help.
Why did you swallow all those pills?
Are you feeling depressed?
Let's go to a massage parlor.
Is this the way you have found to fight depression?
What's really good for me is to be alone.
I will never go back to that horrible place.
I wanna go back to that house.
Get off me. Don't touch me.
You'll find that apartment cool.
Why don't you try this hat?
Don't you remember what Sami did to Layla?
That girl could be Sami's niece.
Sami was a lying impostor.
What kind of music is this?
Layla is the woman who was cheating on her husband.
Why don't they just call him "Sami"?
I found Layla sleeping in my bed.
Layla has been sneaking out of the house.
Sami didn't deserve to die like that.
Sami did nothing to deserve that.
Sami was sleeping like a baby.
I thought Sami was sedated.
Sami is determined more than you know.
Sami has your blood.
Sami is our blood.
I have to find out more about that.
Sami was sleepwalking.
Layla was in bed with my husband.
What are you doing with that tray?
I have prepared everything for you.
I'm no longer the little child that you need to pamper all the time.
Just listen and you listen good: I'm your father.
I have served this great republic all my life.
I have survived seven years of war.
I don't need to be taken care of.
I always have a rifle on my shoulder.
Sami is gonna pay for this.
Why did Sami leave me last night in the club?
Sami left me like an idiot in that club.
Sami was seen swallowing pills.
I found out this morning.
Sami thinks Layla is nothing but a wife.
Sami is not as wise as you.
What makes you think I'm not a Bakir?
I can't help it worrying about Sami.
I know what I can do.
Sami is going to be happy to see this.
Have you seen your sister?
Everyone thinks Sami is a genius.
Sami doesn't even know where he is.
Sami has to take his medication.
"Can I show you something?" "Sure."
The boat was called "The Silver Star."
You both crossed the line this time.
These clothes suit you fabulously.
We're at a boutique called "Dodo."
I don't have time for fairy tales.
I don't have time for such bullshit.
It sounds like a radio soap opera.
Please spare me your stupid philosophy.
This dress is not going to fit me.
Never say that word in my presence.
I need some ice.
Who is responsible for this brilliant idea?
Who was responsible for that stupid idea?
You haven't learned, have you?
Don't say such nonsensical things.
Sami thinks I'm responsible for all his misfortune.
I don't think Sami sees it that way.
Sami shouldn't blame himself for everything that's happened.
Sami is crying like a baby.
If they catch you alive, they'll torture you to death.
I have nothing to be ashamed of.
Are you travelling together?
Mary milks her cows morning and evening.
It's an action film.
It's a Japanese film.
I come every day.
I come every day except Saturday and Sunday.
I called my father.
How old is your little brother?
How old is your little sister?
I live with my family.
I don't have a brother, but I have two sisters.
Sorry, but I don't understand.
Your rage weighs heavily on me.
I prefer to stay here.
I only come on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
It was about time you arrived!
The corpulence of the peasants revealed that there was no shortage of food there.
That's wishful thinking.
That's a banana.
Tom lives on a tropical island.
I should be delighted to look into any problem which you might submit to me.
He balanced the watch in his hand, gazed hard at the dial, opened the back, and examined the works, first with his naked eyes and then with a powerful convex lens.
I cannot live without brainwork. What else is there to live for?
"A young lady for you, sir," she said, addressing my companion.
Miss Morstan entered the room with a firm step and an outward composure of manner.
She was a blonde young lady, small, dainty, well gloved, and dressed in the most perfect taste.
There was a plainness and simplicity about her costume which bore with it a suggestion of limited means.
Her face had neither regularity of feature nor beauty of complexion, but her expression was sweet and amiable, and her large blue eyes were singularly spiritual and sympathetic.
In an experience of women which extends over many nations and three separate continents, I have never looked upon a face which gave a clearer promise of a refined and sensitive nature.
I could not but observe that as she took the seat which Sherlock Holmes placed for her, her lip trembled, her hand quivered, and she showed every sign of intense inward agitation.
"You will, I am sure, excuse me," I said, rising from my chair.
To my surprise, the young lady held up her gloved hand to detain me.
I was placed in a comfortable boarding establishment at Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age.
He disappeared upon the third of December, 1878—nearly ten years ago.
We've arranged a car to pick you up.
We've taken care of all the details.
We're still trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm still trying to figure out what’s going on.
Why are you so worried about her?
Why are you so worried about him?
I don't think you're being objective.
Oh, look! A shooting star! Make a wish.
Tom can recognize the Big Dipper and Orion.
These three stars form the Belt of Orion.
That's Cassiopeia.
That's Orion's sword.
"Do you remember how our love began?" "Yes, it was a dark and stormy night."
Was it all just a lie?
I need to go and get ready.
Just say the word.
I try not to think about him too much.
I try not to think about her too much.
"Why am I not losing weight?" "That's because you eat too much."
Try not to exert yourself.
Do you think I don't know about you and Mary?
More than three quarters of people in the Middle Ages were farmers. They lived in the shadow of the castles.
Mary fell mysteriously ill.
Tom fell mysteriously ill.
It would be impolite to refuse.
Do you think I don't know about you and Tom?
I try not to think about Tom too much.
Why are you so worried about Tom?
Why are you so worried about what might happen?
Close the door on your way out.
Tom tagged Mary in his tweet.
The future you see is the future you get.
Your current thinking got you here. Only new thinking will get you out.
Risk is an essential part of progress.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
Here in America we drive on the right side of the road. How is it in Japan?
This is how it is done in America. How is it done in Japan?
A ship in harbour is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Ships are safe in the harbour, but that's not what ships are for.
Ships are safe in harbour, but they were never meant to stay there.
I'm disgusted just looking at you.
How can I take another day of this?
Layla deserted her husband and children.
I got a beating so hard that I thought I wouldn't even live.
Millions of heathens will perish.
Sami's father abused and molested him.
Do you think we can ever be forgiven?
I guess we could forgive Sami.
What did your father do to you?
Talk to me. Don't be afraid. Your dad isn't here.
You're on your way to hell.
What did your dad do to your mom?
I loved my family.
I left behind my entire life.
Sami was mentally numb.
Sami couldn't think anymore.
I could hear Sami ranting and raving.
Police put handcuffs on Sami.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years.
Sami's father was violent and cruel.
They put handcuffs on us.
I have had enough of the craziness of our lives.
Sami is doing the Lord's work.
It's so refreshing to meet a good Muslim couple in this town.
You need to leave here with me.
Sami and Layla are both Muslim.
Sami moved to Toronto, Ontario.
I couldn't get any food unless it was brought to me.
Sami will come get you.
Sami sexually molested Layla.
Sami and Layla were still at the house.
We've got to stop this.
We know Sami was sexually molested.
Sami molested his own daughter.
Either you cooperate or I'll have you arrested.
We had Sami's agreement.
Sami's father was a aviolent and unpredictible man.
Sami was diabolically evil.
Layla's husband was military.
Sami has been sexually molesting my sister.
You're trespassing a private property.
I didn't know who that was.
Stay out of my property.
You should leave. Everything is fine.
We have called child protective services.
The fashion show was a great success.
The class is officially over.
If I could, I'd gladly punch Sami in the face.
You're acting like a punk yourself.
Unfortunately, our agency doesn't allow this.
You can no longer represent my agency after this incident.
What happened at the club?
Of course I'll be there to keep you company.
We have some problems at the agency.
We'll have to get Sami a new psychiatrist.
I would like to spend more time with my aunt.
I know how you love surprises.
What's the surprise?
It's not a madhouse. It's a clinic for the mentally unstable.
All they talk about is nonsense.
It's like we're having a party here.
I'm going to be the first one to take a bath.
Why did they fire you from the agency?
Sami will pay for this insult.
Did somebody say we're gonna have a party?
We're having a party to welcome Sami home.
Is that gift for me?
Why don't you go to a salon to meet people?
The small bottle of pills wasn't enough to kill Sami.
Sami doesn't live the life of a saint.
I think that what Sami needs is a passionate woman, not someone like Layla.
You've got to learn to harness your strength.
Let me go or I'll scream.
Get out of that bed.
I'm going to report you for murder.
I won't accept any more insults from you.
I'm tired of seeing your faces.
Whoever did this has to pay for it.
I'm pregnant and I'm going to have your child.
You've just made the worst mistake of your life.
Hold your horses. You're crossing the line here!
Sami brings bad luck.
I was taking a shower.
I came to give Layla her surprise.
How dare you call me a hypocrite in front of all my friends?
Shut your mouth immediately.
Sami is such a remarkable dancer.
"Shall we dance?" "Oh, no. I don't know how to dance."
There is no place in this house for Sami.
This is neither the moment nor the place for that.
We'll find some time to be together.
I can't even count on you.
I'm a man who knows very well how to control his emotions.
I'm gonna break Sami's face.
You misunderstood what I said.
This isn't the proper place for this.
I'm sick and tired of this situation.
My husband doesn't love me anymore.
This is neither the moment nor the place.
It's very hard to satisfy a man like Sami.
Are you telling me you don't love me anymore?
Can you please tell me what's the matter with you?
Sami is feeling terribly bad.
This engine works perfectly.
Why are you behaving like that?
Sami looks almost like a dead man.
Does this make you feel good?
"Here is your coffee." "Take it. I don't want it anymore."
Sami is not here at this moment.
Sami slept at Layla's house.
I don't like to see you this way.
Don't be like your mother, please.
I don't deserve to be treated like a dog.
Sami will pay dearly for what he did.
Mr. Bakir is waiting for me.
I want Sami to be thrown out.
Sami is going to suffer much more.
Sami stayed here without my permission.
Please help me get a taxi.
I'll take you to your house.
I'm going to pick up Sami at Layla's house.
I'm bringing you back here.
There is more to that.
Sami should give us a public apology.
Sami should be sent to jail.
Sami gave Layla his permission.
Sami was already late.
Sami found out about Layla's infidelity.
Sami was so upset.
Sami became a maniac.
Sami is a man who has principles.
Sami left Layla's room.
Sami married an abusive woman.
Sami brainwashed Layla.
Now you're talking about my wife.
Sami should leave Layla alone.
Sami would support Layla.
Sami knows exactly how Layla feels.
Sami could make things much easier.
Sami is just worried about Layla.
Intelligence is something you really can't buy.
You can't buy intelligence.
Sami feels so scared.
Sami knows very well what I mean.
Have you forgotten who Sami is?
Sami can come with us to the lawyer's office.
Sami's house was a hell hole.
Sami already knows that.
Sami cares about his stepchildren.
Sami and Layla were involved in an accident.
What was the last time Sami took a shower?
Sami eventually succumbed to Layla's charms.
Sami will go with you.
Sami is known for his violent temper.
You know how Sami is.
Sami took these pictures for me.
We have to take Sami to the hospital.
Sami was run over by a car.
Sami was begging me.
Sami is a divorce attorney.
Sami is starting to sound exactly like his father.
Sami is very strict and professional.
Sami is known by everybody.
I hope Sami is right.
Lawyers are a bunch of thieves.
Sami is a really hard worker.
I know that Sami will definitely help me.
Sami is Layla's sole heir.
Sami will take care of these.
Sami claimed Layla's house.
Sami would wish that he had never existed.
Sami thought Layla knew who he was.
What inheritance is Sami talking about?
"It's such a pleasure to meet you." "The pleasure is all mine."
I am the humble owner of this mansion.
You deserve that appreciation.
You deserve those compliments.
Sami was a fierce fighter.
You have come to the right place.
You have me at your feet.
Sami needs a new pair of shoes.
Sami was supposed to receive that money.
Sami seems a little tense.
Come over here. I'll give you a massage.
I have always felt that you always knew that Sami was your son.
Sami had to sacrifice what he loved most.
Sami and Layla are both here.
Don't tell me that you're jealous because no one would believe it.
You're gonna take back all the things you said.
Sami wants to come back to this house.
I have the impression that Sami doesn't like me.
If I ever find out that Sami is cheating on me, that will be his day.
I want to get rid of Sami.
Be careful with what you say, you fool!
I'm gonna break your face, you piece of shit.
I'm doing Sami a favor.
Sami's brother is gay.
Sami accidentally ran over Layla.
Sami is gonna be OK.
I can't guarantee that Sami will make it through, but we will do our best to save his life.
You're an embarassment to the family.
Someone stop the fight!
Stop this fight immediately.
Stop this fight or you'll regret it.
Where could Sami be?
I'll throw you in jail.
Sami is at the hospital now.
Sami was kicked out of the agency.
Sami doesn't care about his career anymore.
I know this sounds a little bit crazy.
I know this sounds a little bit crazy, but I'm not the person you think I am. My true name is Sami Bakir and I'm wanted for murder.
Sami was given twenty stitches.
Sami had a skull fracture.
Fortunately, the tomography doesn't show any skull fractures.
Sami was kept under observation for hours.
We'll be needing a blood donor for Sami.
Sami isn't joking.
I want you to do a clean job.
Sami has already done this years ago.
Sami's ghost was haunting this house.
I know that this is going to take a lot of time, but I have all the patience in the world.
Sami felt sorry for Layla.
Sami was mean to Layla.
You should have told us from the start.
Sami was dating a chubby girl.
Sami is now sitting in jail, serving a life sentence.
Tell me the truth and I'll give you whatever you want.
Sami woke up from his coma.
Sami has been running in the neighborhood for hours, trying to find Layla's house.
Sami got hit by a car.
Sami was rushed to the hospital.
I have finally found you.
How many times do I have to tell you to knock before you come in?
What happened to my computer?
Sami is pretty bad.
Sami didn't have any pulse at all.
You don't know anything about women's fashion.
What happened to my son?
Sami got run over by a car.
Sami and Layla will remain friends.
Don't you ever leave me on my own.
I can't stand living by myself in that villa.
Sami will never leave Layla alone.
Sami called Layla his pretty chubby sweetheart.
Sami is that little ray of light that will always make me happy.
The accident was such a mess. Sami was on one side and his bike on the other.
Sami was also in the car.
I have no right over you.
I cried when I saw you in such a bad shape.
I love Sami so much.
Will Sami survive?
"Sami." "Yes." "I love you, too."
Sami is a total gentleman.
Sami wants to show Layla something.
For the love of God, let's talk about that later.
I think that won't be necessary.
You have to be at least under hours of observation.
Did you hear anything before you woke up?
How did you find out about it?
You were in the taxi, weren't you?
Who was driving?
You didn't have to bring Sami here.
You don't have the right to call me 'my love.'
Sami was accused of physical assault.
Please don't press charges.
Stop defending Sami.
I've been crying all day like an idiot just for you.
Thanks for everything you've done.
What's this scratch on your face?
You're my pretty sweetheart.
I'd go nuts if we stay here.
Sami was still under observation.
Sami bought Layla a box of chocolates.
You better shut your mouth.
Relax a bit now.
Give me some chicken soup.
I'm gonna make you some chicken soup.
Are you going to inject me that?
My name is Sami and I'm your cousin.
Sami and Farid were second cousins.
Sami got nervous.
It's an old recipe.
Go get Sami. We're leaving.
Sami ended up at the hospital.
I think I'm gonna faint.
I really didn't mean any of what I said yesterday.
You'll have to lend me some of your clothes.
They are talking as if nothing happened between them.
Layla is a sad widow.
If this happens, I'd die of sadness.
I'll always be here with you.
Sami had a nap in Layla's room.
Sami is so much in love with Layla.
Don't dare cross me!
This detention is completely illegal.
This is an obvious violation of my rights according to the constitution of this country.
Sami is the victim now.
Sami slapped Layla again.
The slap was for your big mouth.
It was only an accident.
Sami is a burden to my existence.
I swear to you if my son dies, I'll find you and strangle you with my bare hands.
It's totally unfair.
Children always end up paying for the foolish mistakes of their parents.
Sami never paid attention to his children.
Those children are also Sami's.
Sami asked a very good question.
One day, I'll find out the answer to that.
Who is the animal who did this to you?
They did a tomography on Sami and they found no fractures.
Sami hasn't left Layla's side.
Sami was always with Layla.
Get in the bathroom.
Didn't you hear Sami scream like Tarzan?
Sami threw himself out the window.
Sami hid in the bathroom.
Sami was taking a bath.
Sami came to give Layla her gift.
Sami sounds like a king's name.
Sami, such a beautiful name.
Sami doesn't love anyone.
Sami bought Layla some dresses.
Sami doesn't like Layla's dress.
Sami had a meticulous eye for choosing the right clothes.
Layla is going to look like a pregnant woman.
Layla was pregnant with triplets.
Sami was given a new uniform.
The only thing Layla wants is a man.
You better change your ways.
Better to go solo than to be in bad company.
Layla is gonna die a spinster.
Stop resisting.
Was that guy trying to rape you?
You won't be able to recognize yourself.
Take that dress off or I'll rip it off with my bare hands.
Sami was at home with Layla.
Everybody went to the hospital to see Sami.
Nothing serious happened to Sami.
Just stop worrying.
I don't want to see you feeling bad.
"I don't like to see you crying." "Is that true, love?"
Sami found the box just right here.
Don't you be so rude.
Sami moved back to Cairo.
It's the most horrible thing you could imagine.
Sami began a cyber affair.
Sami began an online affair and fell in love.
All Sami wanted was his share of the good life.
Sami had a store that seemed to be making money.
Sami found a body on the floor.
Chess, that's my passion.
Sami shared Layla's insatiable desire to shop.
This will cost Sami his job.
Sami grew up in the suburbs of Cairo.
Sami found a job at the local supermarket.
Sami didn't have time for romance.
Layla wanted to find Mr. Right.
Sami was a cashier at a grocery store.
Sami was a mature man.
Comic books were Sami's passion.
Sami bought comic books in volumes.
Sami was really drawn to Layla.
Sami had dreams of opening his own comic bookstore.
Sami proposed to Layla and she was overjoyed.
Layla showed her mother the ring on her hand.
Sami and Layla had a nice little mobile home.
Sami was trying to better his life.
Sami was working at an insurance company.
Sami thought that was a little strange.
Sami took a hefty life insurance policy on his wife.
Sami seemed a little bored.
If you can't beat them, then join them.
Sami wanted to fix his marital problems.
Sami's boyhood dream finally came true.
Sami was living his American dream.
Sami's fortune improved.
Sami flirted a lot with female customers.
Sami was a comic fan.
Sami made statements to Layla that were uncomfortable.
When Sami and Layla went home, they argued.
Sami was looking for a job in the wrong place.
Sami met a woman named Layla.
Sami and Layla immediately became friends.
Sami hired Layla to work at his store.
Sami didn't know anything about comic books.
Sami became an enemy.
Sami was nicknamed the "comic book king."
Sami met a sexy newly single divorcee.
Layla wasn't my type.
There is a fish for every hook.
Layla was cute and petite.
Sami showed Layla a lot of attention.
Sami and Layla's relationship started to deteriorate.
We are planning to organise a party for M. Osa next Sunday.
Sami and Layla's affair is the elephant in the room. You can't ignore the obvious.
Sami got Layla a job.
Sami is having an affair with Layla.
How do you betray somebody like Sami?
Sami seemed to feel trapped.
Sami was a very devout Catholic and he didn't believe in divorce.
Just sign the papers.
Sami set his sights on fixing things in his marriage.
Sami and Layla spent some time together.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a romantic getaway in Egypt.
No one can predict exactly what surprises are in store tonight.
Sami took the children to his mom's house.
Sami prepared a surprise party.
Sami came into the store and there was no attendant.
Sami was lying on the floor, unconscious and face down.
Sami was immediately rushed to the hospital.
Sami's body was sent down to the morgue.
Sami's death was no accident.
There was a homicide at Sami's store.
Sami went in there.
Sami was murdered in his store.
Sami did just as he was instructed.
Sami must have heard something.
Sami developed telepathic superpowers.
Sami was killed in an attempted robbery.
Layla still had her diamond ring on.
The murder scene was undisturbed.
Sami had many reasons to want Layla dead.
Sami was the most likely suspect.
Sami had the motive and the means to kill Layla.
Sami left his wife at the store.
Sami wanted to take a nap.
Sami took his daughters to the local park.
Sami returned to the store.
Police dug a little deeper and found more clues.
Sami and Layla were involved in an affair.
Was Sami really capable of cold-blooded murder?
Sami had a secret affair with one of his female employees.
Sami was a really good parent.
The police questioned Sami about the day of the murder.
Sami called Layla from a payphone.
Sami was buying ice cream and cakes for the party.
Sami couldn't prove his alibi.
Sami won't be able to substantiate that alibi.
The case of Sami's death went as cold as a Canadian winter.
Sami and Layla eventually married.
Sami and Layla moved to Cairo where they opened a comic bookstore.
The police reopened the case in 2006.
Sami called the police one day after Layla's death.
Sami spoke with Layla on the phone.
Sami said he was at his mother's house.
Sami opened a second comic bookstore in Cairo.
The jury finally came back with a verdict.
I don't have sympathy for Sami.
Sami collected comic books.
Sami was tried twice.
Sami will spend life behind bars.
Sami is an interesting character in this novel.
Sami told us what he knew.
Sami continued to maintain his innocence.
Sami left and went to his mother's house.
Sami left with the kids.
Sami had an accomplice.
Sami was driven back to his apartment.
Sami went next door to order some pizzas.
Sami called at approximately six.
I think Sami did that subconsciously.
Sami refused to give Layla the money.
Sami got into the car.
Sami went back to Layla's house.
Sami had a lucky escape.
In the end, the bad guy always gets caught.
Sami will spend the remainder of his life in jail.
Sami will never see the light of day. He's serving a life sentence in a state penitentiary.
The result can be deadly.
Sami worked for a local tech firm.
Sami and Layla were the perfect couple.
Layla was the perfect wife.
Layla taught a class for Christian brides.
Layla was submissive to her husband.
This is how Sami wanted the house to be.
Sami practised what he preached.
Layla kept her home like a model home.
Sami and Layla were upset with each other.
Sami had a collection of porcelain figurines.
Lately, Sami has been acting a little strange.
Sami and Layla didn't interact a lot.
Sami began to move into what we commonly call a mid-life crisis.
Sami worked at the accounting department.
Layla knew she was attractive.
Sami became interested in Layla.
We have received orders to shoot and kill.
Sami and Layla have been married over thirty years.
Things were heating up between Sami and Layla.
People noticed that Sami spent a lot of time with Layla.
Layla received a large bouquet from Sami.
Layla knew that the flowers were from Sami.
Sami and Layla's affair turned into a raging wildfire.
Signs of Sami's affair began to pile up.
Sami considered Layla as the perfect Muslim wife.
Sami's life with Layla was becoming cold.
Sami considered divorce.
Sami wasn't planning to come home for dinner.
Sami and Layla had a simple dinner.
Sami left to go back to the office at nine in the evening.
Sami wasn't there to greet Layla.
Sami saw Layla on the floor, covered in blood.
There was nothing that they could do.
Sami met a terrible end.
Sami had visible stab wounds in the neck area.
Was it a robbery gone wrong?
Layla's jewellery was missing.
Sami has never made an enemy his entire life.
Sami and Layla's pious marriage was hiding a multitude of sins.
Sami was having a physical relationship with Layla.
Sami was brought in for questioning.
Sami corroborated Layla's story.
Sami helped Layla prepare her presentation.
Sami went back to work.
The police contacted Sami.
Sami's alibi was rock-solid.
Sami murdered Layla and got rid of the evidence.
Police wanted to test their theory.
The police retraced Sami's route to his office.
Sami was smarter than that.
Police searched the dumpster behind Sami's office.
One of the rubber gloves had Sami's fingerprints on the inside.
Sami was subpoenaed to appear in court.
Sami knew something that he shouldn't know.
Frontier justice was swift.
Sami was sentenced to twenty years in jail with the chance for parole.
Sami brutally attacked Layla.
Sami confronted Layla about the affair.
There was no way that Sami could have seen it coming.
Sami acquired a taste for romance.
Layla was greedy in love.
Sami began seeing another woman.
You're going to regret it.
Sami is a medium. He can communicate with the dead.
How sweet you are, darling.
Stop trying to fool me.
You're the best friend ever.
I don't want to lose you for nothing.
I think that Sami has a bunch of popcorn in his brain.
If this affair is discovered, Sami is going to have a tremendous problem.
I didn't see him anymore.
Their racist comments sometimes hurt.
You're confusing me with that stuttering.
You better shut up and stay out of this.
I know that you don't like me, but please don't say anything to Sami.
Sami doesn't need any charity from you.
This isn't the right time for Sami to get the inheritance.
We're living in Sami's house.
What inheritance are you talking about?
My lawyers are going to take care of Sami.
Sami will have to move out.
Start preparing your suitcase.
I heard you perfectly well.
Don't be foolish, sweetheart.
This product is still so new here.
Layla wanted to look sexy.
Sami was taken to the hospital and it doesn't look good.
Sami is always so sincere.
Twenty years together and you still don't know me.
I dreamed that you wanted to kill me.
Sami spilled soup all over my room.
Did Sami eat all the soup?
We could eat the soup together.
Sami took Layla by the hand.
Let's go to the ends of the world.
This time it's more serious than that.
Why are they fighting this time?
Sami swallowed a whole bottle of pills.
Sami slashed his wrists.
Sami wanted to kill Layla by cutting her head off.
Sami was a perverted man.
Layla drove all the men wild by dancing.
I'd like it very much if you would repeat that dance.
Sami has been suffering a lot.
Imagine if that news gets out?
Your dad told me not to tell you anything but I think that it's your right to know.
Remember that you're just a driver.
Don't forget that I can fire you.
You're fired, insolent fool.
I think three glasses of wine is enough.
It's the best chicken soup I've ever tasted in my life.
Sami knows how to cook chicken soup.
Sami is going to be a cook.
I don't want you to keep running away from me.
Tell me what happened in that room.
Sami's comment was the last straw.
I really am very proud of you.
Sami cheats and copies in all his exams.
This can't be my check.
Layla already told you she isn't pregnant.
You'll always be welcome here in my house.
You shouldn't have bothered at all.
I have some things to do. Excuse me.
I accept the case for the inheritance claim.
These pancakes are really delicious.
I can't finish all of this right now.
"Leave this room now." "Excuse me?" "I said leave this room." "Should I remind you that I'm a doctor and you're sitting in my practice?"
"Bring me a cup of coffee." "I beg your pardon?" "I want a cup of coffee." "How dare you talk to me like that?"
"What time is it?" "Pardon me?" "Are you deaf? What time is it?" "You spoilt brat, who do you think you're talking to? Leave this classroom immediately."
You better go and see a psychiatrist.
Sami has been keeping a lover.
Why should I tell you where I'm going?
I'll fire you both.
The car is ready now.
Layla is the lady of the house.
If you keep on playing with fire, beleive me, one of those days you'll burn.
You know money can fix it all.
Don't force me to get really mad.
You better give me your badge and your gun. You're suspended.
This time you went overboard.
God never forgets anyone.
Sami sent a donation to the orphanage.
You owe me a good explanation.
How dare you fire one of my drivers?
Look at the mess you got yourself in.
Sami crossed the wrong people.
Sami is suspended from the police force indefinitely.
Sami definitely doesn't deserve to be fired.
We could have taken a cab.
Good things should be savored.
I'll explode if you don't come near me right now.
I want to drink from your mouth.
I missed your lips.
You're like an addiction.
I missed your sweet kisses.
My dad told me not to trust even my own shadow.
Make me feel that I'm yours.
I would have done the same thing.
Would you leave your wife to travel with me?
I don't want to think about Sami now.
I've loved you from day one.
What do you care about my life?
No wonder Sami never got married.
"Why haven't you never got married?" "End of conversation. Leave my office right now."
Sami will get a promotion very soon.
You definitely don't have the good nature of your mother.
You haven't seen how Sami changes when he looks at Layla.
You know I love you a lot.
I love Layla like my sister.
You're talking just like your father.
Sami talked to the press.
If Sami dares to come near Layla, I'll break him in half.
If you insult Layla again, I'm going to knock your teeth in.
Sami doesn't easily give up.
Sami is easy to love.
How could Sami have married such a woman?
Do you want some peaches?
Sami is a high school graduate.
Don't you walk out on me.
Sami wanted to run over Layla with his car.
Sami will stay to have dinner with us.
Sami is my guest and he's staying to have dinner with us.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me the truth.
May God always keep us safe.
Sami has a lot of hatred inside himself.
Please tell her instead of me.
Which one of your siblings is the oldest?
Did you dry your hair?
I haven't talked to anyone lately.
She let up just when she was almost there.
Just how much time and work are you going to put into a project that you can't get any money for?
Language is human, therefore imperfect.
Life is but a moment. Death is but a moment, too!
Mike is writing a book about elephants.
Do you like ghost stories, Mike?
Mike was the only person who survived the plane crash.
Mike's best friend is a Chinese guy.
Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
It was Sam who stole the diamond.
Julia didn't know that Sam was an avid gambler.
These flowers are for Julia, not for you.
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Mike used to be a strict vegetarian.
Mike pretends to be a vegan just to impress Julia.
Mike only drinks bottled water.
Why is that red light blinking?
I keep forgetting his name.
I keep forgetting her name.
You've got a leaf in your hair.
You have a leaf in your hair.
Tom suffers from anxiety.
Mary suffers from anxiety.
Tom took part in a Model United Nations conference.
Tom is hiding in his room again.
Tom felt overwhelmed by all that he had to do.
I felt overwhelmed by all I had to do.
Don't ask me how it works.
Anxiety is the most common mental health disorder in the United States.
Göbekli Tepe is a neolithic archaeological site in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Turkey
Is that the only advantage of having this device?
The circumstances worked to his advantage.
The circumstances were in his favour.
Every poem can be considered in two ways – as what the poet has to say, and as a thing which he makes.
That big book is mine.
Do you plan on talking all night?
We talked all night and then we fell asleep.
What were you really talking to Tom about earlier?
What do you do on your computer all night?
That old lady is crazy.
The old man is crazy.
I don't recall asking you to do that.
Mary is a pretty good cook herself.
Many students struggle with anxiety.
The Milky Way galaxy is bound in a cluster of about thirty-five galaxies.
It's exactly what it sounds like.
Superman is a superhero.
They travel a lot.
They make a great couple.
Tom likes Tchaikovsky.
Tom likes "B" movies.
Tom is filling out college application forms.
Tchaikovsky's piano concerto No. in B-flat minor is one of the most famous piano concertos.
Tom sleeps with his phone.
Mary sleeps with her phone.
The teacher confiscated Tom's cellphone.
I'm not a big fan.
I'm not a big fan of Tom.
Tom decided not to argue.
I'm not a big fan of basketball.
I'm not a big fan of his.
You're really brave.
Tom's friends were waiting for him.
Mary's friends were waiting for her.
Please tell us about yourself.
Trees grow around the house.
Sami had to carry Layla while she was drunk.
Please don't throw up here.
Keep me safe from all those who want to harm me.
Take a look at these beauties.
I think we're gonna have a lot of fun with them.
Are you going to break my arm?
You're the one who's being defensive.
Layla is actually a tremendous woman.
Sami is always the villain in the movie.
Sami is so unfair to Layla.
The one who's unfair is you.
Tonight you're gonna see why I despise that woman.
Hi tech, big wreck.
Let's settle this like men.
You're the only one I have fantasies about.
We had a family meeting.
Sami soon showed his true colors.
After a few months of dating, Sami's true colors emerged.
Sami showed his true colors. He was a coward.
Sami can get away with anything.
Sami was born in Waco, Texas.
Sami was comfortable mixing with high society.
Sami was a master manipulator of people and this started when he was a young boy.
Sami ended the relationship.
Layla was shot and her diamonds disappeared.
Sami was soon caught and confessed to the murder.
Sami committed suicide after finding Layla in bed with another man.
Sami's suicide didn't affect Layla.
Sami moved to Cairo.
Sami traveled from state to state.
Sami caught Layla with another man.
Sami found Layla in bed with someone else.
Sami instinctively did it.
Sami became a father.
Sami has always wanted more.
Sami wanted Layla to marry him.
Sami wanted a lover, not a wife.
Sami was just forty years old.
Sami murdered Layla for profit.
Sami was indicted by the grand jury and went to trial.
Sami thought he could do it again.
Sami sent Layla letters but they were unanswered.
Sami bragged about the killings to his fellow inmates.
Sami got early release on parole.
Sami spent two decades in jail.
Sami sensed he had made a mistake by hiring Layla.
Sami left Layla in the house.
Sami was getting better and better as the months went on.
Sami's past quickly caught up.
Sami will have to find out by himself.
Sami faced his third murder trial.
Sami killed himself by jumping off an 8-storey building.
Sami died a very violent death.
Sami was beaten then strangled.
Sami has a lot to be thankful for.
Sami earns a six-figure salary.
Sami groomed and raised horses in southern Arizona.
Sami hired Layla to help him on the property.
Sami was making an effort to share Layla's passions.
Sami seemed to be a very mild-mannered man.
Sami was interested in horses.
I won't let those bastards to hurt Sami.
Sami's grades dropped.
Sami can't tolerate broken promises.
Sami had a 16-year-old sister.
Sami started skipping school.
Sami was a sick peeping Tom.
Sami and Layla were arrested for dealing cocaine.
Sami taught Layla everything he knew.
Sami got involved in drug trade.
Sami was trying to do the very best that he could.
Sami had a near-perfect life growing up.
Sami thought Layla was listening.
Sami was Farid's new associate.
The gang became Sami's family.
Sami thinks he has found the answer.
Sami came from Egypt and he worked hard.
Layla saw Sami as a patsy with a wallet.
Sami had no idea that Layla had a boyfriend.
Sami recruited Layla to help.
Sami had a sting in mind.
Layla played Sami as a violin.
Layla knew that Sami was a warm-hearted generous person.
Instead of using the money to pay back Sami, Layla gave it to her boyfriend.
Sami expected his cash back.
I'm more confused than you.
Sami asked for the money back.
It was an offer too good for Sami to refuse.
Sami swapped good grades with street gangs.
Don't you try to confuse me.
Sami convinced Layla to get him a gun.
Can Sami get a gun for us?
Sami wanted to scare Layla.
Sami wanted to get some money from Layla.
Sami had a more deadly plan.
Sami did a good amount of planning for this murder.
I wasn't ready for carrying your name.
It's the second time you've told me that.
I want you to explain to me what you really mean by that.
Sami arrived at Layla's home on the promise of a sexual adventure.
Sami went to the basement.
Go help Sami.
Sami was kicked out of the university.
I swear I won't leave you alone.
This is Sami Bakir, my favorite actor.
Sami played out his well-rehearsed role.
Sami told Layla to follow him downstairs.
Sami went down to the basement.
Sami had no idea that Layla was waiting for him with a gun.
Sami didn't want to have a face-to-face confrontation with Farid.
Sami fell down like a baby.
Sami was shot in the head and his brains were oozing out like cheese.
Sami searched Layla's body for all the valuables.
Sami forced Layla to help dispose of Farid's body.
The two of them carried Sami's body.
Sami bought acid to destroy Layla's body.
Sami wanted to insinerate Layla's body.
Sami's body was partially burned with gasoline.
Sami was a professional hitman.
Sami was brought into the police station and questioned.
There was no evidence connecting Sami to the crime.
Sami can't lie very well.
Sami told the whole story.
Sami eventually told the whole story.
Sami stayed on the run for two years.
It took a national TV campaign to finally track Sami down.
The only remose Sami showed was the fact he was caught.
Sami set Layla's body on fire.
In July 2004, Sami was sentenced to years in jail.
Sami grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Sami was a young man with a bright future ahead of him.
Sami ended up in the firing line.
Sami was running a busy hotel.
Sami rented a hotel room.
Don't start with this again.
Sami and Layla fell madly in love.
Sami and Layla's attraction to each other was enormously intense.
Sami and Layla exchanged more than a thousand love letters.
Did you bite your tongue? Why didn't you answer my question?
Sami was keeping a secret.
Sami chose to reveal the truth.
Sami's family has come to town.
Sami and Layla are living right next door to Farid's hotel.
Did anyone force you to convert to Islam?
To Layla, Sami is a devoted husband.
Sami gave Layla a sleeping potion.
Sami drugged Layla.
Sami made love to Layla all night.
This is the only juice I like.
Water is the only juice I drink.
For seven years, Sami lived his dream life.
Sami is brutally honest and straighforward.
Sami was having a torrid affair with Layla.
Sami had an affair with Layla for seven years.
Sami would never leave his wife.
Sami was suspended from the university.
Layla hoped Sami would leave his wife some day.
Sami was happy to make Layla an honest woman.
Sami doesn't know how to fight.
Sami is becoming insolent and rebellious.
Sami convinced Layla to divorce her husband to marry him.
Sami stayed with his wife.
Sami threw Layla out of the house.
Sami didn't divorce Layla.
Just keep your nose out of my business.
You can't lose that much weight.
Sami made Layla jump through hoops.
I haven't eaten breakfast today.
I wouldn't turn my back on Sami.
Sami fired and missed.
Sami was convinced that Layla no longer wanted to kill him.
You will be dead before you even touch your gun.
This set Sami into a state of frenzy.
Sami will get his revenge.
The fight was started by Sami.
Who said I wasn't going to help you?
Sami was an uninvited guest.
Don't you dare touch me.
"Let's have a drink." "I don't want a drink with you."
Sami showed his wife much affection.
The more I think about this, the less I understand.
Sami approached, pulled his gun out and fired once into Farid's heart.
When the time came to kill, Sami didn't hesitate.
Sami shot Farid in front of his wife.
Layla wants to participate in the beauty contest.
Sami wanted the world to see him that he was killing Layla.
Sami wanted to be arrested.
I built up my hopes like a fool.
Sami got Layla to do what he wanted.
Sami got exactly what he deserved.
Sami had an excessive sexual activity.
Try to get rid of that bad temper.
Sami sought revenge by murder.
Sami was buried in an unmarked grave.
Sami was madly in love with Layla.
Sami got away with murder. Plain and simple.
It was easy for Sami to hide his wicked ways.
Sami was hoping for more than a tea with Layla.
Sami was looking for a job.
Layla thought Sami would be an ideal employer.
Sami ran a successful business.
Sami owned several luxury cars.
Sami was a desirable target for Layla because of his wealth.
Sami and Layla became friends, then they became lovers.
I'm sick of these arguments.
Sami put his skills to use.
Sami put his business studies to use.
It's over when I say it's over.
Don't be too confident.
Sami trusted Layla to do the right thing.
Sami had a plan and he was very patient.
Sami started transfering Layla's property into his name.
Within a few months, Sami controlled every aspect of Layla's life.
Layla got Sami's house in her name.
Sami was able to manipulate and deceive Layla.
Sami saw Layla as a sweet woman.
Layla is a spoilt daddy's girl.
Sami used Layla's money to buy a home.
Sami wanted to do that without Layla.
Sami fell for his housekeeper, Layla.
Layla cooked Sami dinner.
Sami used a powerful sedative to drug Layla.
Layla prepared Sami his favorite meal.
Layla cooked Sami his favorite meal.
That was Sami's final act of love for Layla.
To burn the house down, Sami used industrial quantities of kerosene and paper.
Sami and Layla sent each other text messages.
Sami sent Layla a goodnight text message.
Sami was drugged and helpless.
Sami drove to his own home.
Sami's home was just five minutes away.
Sami is in the house.
Please let me in immediately.
Sami talks too much.
Sami might be dead.
Sami tried to make the police's work easy.
I better go and change.
Sami gave the police the name of a suspect.
How much does Sami owe you?
Sami named a suspect.
Sami had an iron-clad alibi.
Sami's plan was his downfall.
Sami wanted what Layla had.
Sami is a heartless sociopath.
Sami is a user and abuser of women.
Layla taught Sami the price of breaking promises.
Layla burned Sami alive for his money.
Sami turned his hate on the innocent.
Sami went to extremes to cover up his greed.
Sami began to dismember Layla's body.
Sami was looking for ways to feed his drug habit.
Please don't treat me like this.
Sami has one thing on his mind: revenge.
Layla looks stunning.
Sami craved notoriety.
I can't act on TV again.
Sami was engaged in a lot of criminal activities.
Sami swore like a sailor.
Sami told Layla to keep this a secret.
Sami thought he committed the perfect murder.
People suspected Sami right away.
Sami must move out of the home.
I won't allow you to be rude in my house.
Although this house is very big, it doesn't have enough room for both of us.
How can you say that to my face?
I know that you're seeing another woman.
Sami died later that day.
I can't believe Sami did this to me.
Sami saw his father laying across a chair with blood all over him.
Sami was coming down the stairs.
Sami had another plan for Layla.
Sami is staying over at a friend's.
Sami was sound asleep.
Sami was establishing an alibi.
Sami had what he wanted.
Sami caused bruises to Layla.
I called you and you never answered.
Layla tried to get Sami to hit her.
Layla started a fight with Sami.
Sami stayed upstairs.
Sami promised Layla money, cars, and jewellery.
Sami had something missing in his life: a wife.
Layla told police that she was beaten by Sami.
Sami was a classic manipulator.
If I can't have Sami, no one else is going to have him either.
This made Sami terrified.
Layla said that she was going to cut Sami's penis off with a knife.
Sami was scared to death of Layla.
Sami became terrified of what Layla could do next.
Sami didn't want to be the loser in the divorce.
Layla wasn't leaving Sami without a fight.
Sami announced to Layla that he wanted a divorce.
I need to tell Sami something.
Sami had an exit strategy.
Sami's violent outbursts pushed Layla to the brink.
Sami knew Layla was violent.
Sami knew he was in danger.
Sami knew he was in trouble with Layla.
Sami didn't want to spend time in jail.
Layla would call the police on Sami.
Sami had to follow exactly what Layla wanted or he had to suffer the consequences.
Sami's behavior was becoming more controlling and erratic.
Sami was almost penalized for even existing.
Layla wanted to obliterate the memory of Sami's first wife.
There was no discussion about Sami in the house.
This is what I call Sami's dark side.
Sami is the person you would go to to share your troubles.
Sami is always willing to help.
Sami and Layla ran a busy household.
Sami and Layla wanted a child of their own.
Sami's children needed a mother.
Sami struggled to raise his children on his own.
Sami was celebrating a new relationship with girlfriend Layla.
Sami and Layla were celebrating a fresh start.
Sami said he would kill us all.
I want you to breathe deeply.
That's what made Sami happy.
Sami stood up and raised his arms over his head as if to thank the heavens.
Sami remembers nothing else.
Try to find someone else for the job.
Sami claimed he didn't remember anything.
Sami believed he had done the right thing.
Sami developed a sense of inner peace about the murder.
Sami was amazingly calm and collected after he had shot Farid.
Sami never intended to marry Layla.
Sami shot Layla through the right eyebrow.
Sami had a right to get vengeance.
Sami has been humiliated twice.
Sami purchased a handgun.
Sami knew Layla had been wronged.
Sami wanted to take Layla home.
Sami found another excuse to delay the wedding.
No one would marry Sami.
Sami wanted to make Layla an honest woman.
I don't want Sami here.
I want Sami to go.
Sami wanted to change Layla's immoral ways.
How dare you talk to me in that tone of voice, young lady?
Finding Sami isn't hard.
As far as I know, I'm still the owner of this house.
Sami was determined to restore his sister's honor.
Sami abandoned Layla after he had taken her virginity.
Sami bought a gun to kill Layla.
Sami was severely damaged even to the point that he didn't want to live anymore.
Sami had nothing to live for.
"Please take me home." "You heard the man."
"Please take me to my room." "You heard the lady."
Sami had no one to turn to.
Layla is acting as if she were a rich lady.
You own nothing in this house.
Sami was pushed to the edge.
This is sickening to the bones.
This guy is absolutely hot.
Sami didn't want to see Layla anymore.
You will be very busy today.
Sami has no intentions of marrying Layla.
Sami said he was going to marry Layla.
Sami ruined Layla's reputation.
Sami raped Layla and abandoned her.
Layla has eloped with Sami.
I don't want to see your face here ever again.
Sami communicated with the dead.
Please don't leave me in the dark. Tell me.
Sami was nowhere around.
Sami promised Layla to marry her.
Sami's mission was complete.
Layla succumbed and gave up her virginity to Sami.
Sami's reputation was ruined.
There was nothing that was going to stop Sami.
Sami kept Layla locked in his room for two nights.
The shadow of death is hovering over the area.
That was Sami's view.
Sami believed every word Layla said.
Sami made a promise and kept it.
Sami kept his word.
Sami took Layla's virginity.
Sami and Layla went to Cairo and got married there.
Sami told Layla that she should leave her house and live with him.
Sami called Layla on Friday evening.
Sami made Layla an offer too good to refuse.
Layla fell for Sami's charms.
Sami was a highly regarded member of the community.
Sami knew that Layla was engaged.
Sami lives in a beautiful house.
Sami didn't care about what his lovers were risking.
Sami wanted every woman.
Sami had a reputation as a playboy.
Sami is already engaged.
Sami was a man of ill repute.
Sami ignored the fact that Layla was engaged.
Sami occasionally worked there.
I'm tired of your stupidity.
Sami's father owned a billiard parlor in Cairo.
Layla was the latest beauty to catch Sami's eye.
Polite society frowned on Sami's female conquests.
Sami liked to gamble.
"I know you'll always be here for me." "You can say that again, Sami."
Every day is a party for Sami.
Sami was severely damaged.
Sami was like a kettle on the boil that was going to explode.
Sami was out of his mind.
We may now begin whenever we want.
I'm not capable of doing terrible things, much less to my own family.
Sami improved his fluency in Arabic very quickly.
I have a tremendous duty towards this girl.
This book really helped Sami learn Arabic faster.
Sami wrote all the Arabic words correctly.
Please stop your sarcasm.
Sami used flashcards to learn Arabic words.
Sami used three different textbooks to learn Arabic.
What curriculum does Sami use to teach Arabic?
Sami studies Arabic from to am.
I really don't like the way Sami is looking at me.
Sami took three months of classical Arabic.
Sami studied Arabic for one year.
How long has Sami been studying Arabic?
In the blink of an eye the girl jumped over the chain-link fence.
Two things children should get from their parents: roots and wings!
Her dogs are barking.
Their dogs are barking.
My friend often talks about his work.
Hail Caesar! Those who are about to die greet you!
Thankfulness begets thankfulness.
The wolf snatched two hens.
I saw with these here eyes, myself.
Do not fish in this river. It is not allowed.
Delphi is also a small town.
Mary was stabbed with a knife.
God is dead. We killed him.
Tom was hit by an arrow.
I do not like Mary, nor will I ever like her.
My friend Alexander speaks Spanish.
Time soothes all pain.
Return to Caesar what belongs to Caesar and to God that which belongs to God.
The 10th UNESCO Youth Forum takes place on 25-October, at Headquarters in Paris, with a special pilot edition on “Rethinking Youth Engagement with UNESCO”.
Tom and Mary did school work together.
He offered to help her.
They worked together side by side.
The three of them ate lunch together.
Tom and Mary ate lunch together.
Tom started hanging out with Mary's friends more often.
It's my favorite way of relaxing.
I don't let my personal feelings get in the way of my work.
Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of your work.
Can't anyone do anything about it?
Why doesn't somebody do something?
Someone ought to do something about it.
All of this is because of you.
At the start of the 20th century, children were often employed in factories.
Mary wanted all the details.
Tom installed an app on his phone.
I enjoyed the time we spent together.
I was hoping you could tell me.
This possibility cannot be ruled out.
Tom is from Mars, and Mary is from Venus.
We need to get out of here now!
I really wish there was something I could do.
Tom hangs out with Mary almost every day.
Tom used his machete to clear the trail.
Mary was obsessed with Japan.
Tom drew his pistol.
Mary wore a gold bracelet.
Tom is obsessed with Japan.
Tom got into a fight with another student.
This item is in mint condition.
It's strange that Tom hasn't come yet.
Tom called Mary from a public phone.
We might as well enjoy ourselves.
I always said no.
It's not hard for everybody.
It's easy for Tom to make friends.
It's necessary for Tom to do that himself.
It's sad to see Tom so unhappy.
It's getting dark. Please turn on the light for me.
It was a simple misunderstanding.
It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
This book is too thick.
This time, it will be different.
Tom was at the right place at the right time.
Help yourself and Heaven will help you.
What will you eat for dinner tonight?
Justice doesn't always prevail.
Wisdom is only found in truth.
If yesterday was Monday, then today is Tuesday.
Sami needed to practise Arabic with native speakers.
Sami has been learning Arabic for about two years.
People wondered why Sami spoke in Arabic.
Sami was so fluent in Arabic that Layla thought he was Arab.
Sami learned Arabic in Cairo.
Layla was a manipulative woman.
Sami drove to Layla's home.
Sami paid an early morning visit to Layla.
Layla had to cope with years of abuse and infidelity.
Layla was immediately drawn in.
Sami took Layla's money.
Police allowed Sami to confront Layla.
Lucky you!
'Would you still be my friend even if I turned into a pig all of a sudden?' 'Of course!'
But if you're wrong, don't give up. Because you don't know what's going to happen next. Remember, don't give up easily.
I was told you got hurt.
Today is Friday, the thirteenth of October.
Tom wanted to be able to read the original Quran and solely for that reason he started learning Arabic.
It is not difficult to distinguish camels from dromedaries, for while the dromedary has only one hump, the camel has two.
If X means Y, what does Z mean?
A month has thirty or thirty-one days. Except February.
A year has twelve months and three hundred sixty-five days.
The coffeehouse is closed.
The coffee-house is closed.
The cake shop is closed.
The café is closed.
The butcher's shop is open.
The bakery is open.
The baker's is open.
If today is Tuesday, then tomorrow is Wednesday.
A year is divided into twelve months.
Who is in the living room?
Who is in the sitting room?
Who is in the lounge?
It was a hot and sunny day.
Tom did not even need to apologize.
I leave for Paris at ten o'clock.
Tom and Mary are living in France since yesterday.
Mary bought her ring in Paris.
The sun emerged from behind clouds.
Mary threw back her head and laughed.
Tom eats out of Mary's hand.
Tom eats from Mary's hand.
I like to eat potato chips.
We'll definitely invite Tom.
We'll definitely ask Tom to do that.
These puppies are adorable.
Who's in the living room?
What's your favorite painting?
The tree falls.
I need to be cuddled.
Stay with me for a while.
I'm afraid of needles.
No one should find out that I'm pregnant, especially Sami.
"Are you happy with me?" "Immensely happy."
Stop the car immediately.
Take me to my house.
I will not permit it.
I can't promise you.
Just stop this.
Give me a kiss now.
Let me go or I'll start screaming.
Stop acting like an idiot.
Come back here now.
Take me back to my home.
Look, don't start that again, OK?
Stop being stupid and come back.
Get out of the parking lot or I'll call the police for you.
Please stop screaming.
Don't ask me why I did it.
Make the beds.
Come to the kitchen.
Take the baby into the room.
I would like to spend the rest of my life with you.
Go back to the tent.
I'm getting tired of your behavior.
I've got tired of your lies.
Are you losing your head?
Shut your mouth now.
Give me two hours.
Take these pills.
The police started following up a new lead.
Police recovered a lot of evidence.
The police developed a new lead.
The case went cold.
The police gathered a lot of evidence from the crime scene.
The police confronted Sami about the inconsistencies of his stories.
The police had reasons to suspect Sami.
Police had reasons to suspect Sami.
Police arrested Layla for prostitution several times.
The police arrested Layla for prostitution several times.
Sami had a lot of anger at women.
Police couldn't get any leads.
Sami had "idiot" written on his forehead, and Layla knew that.
Police conducted covert surveillance.
Sami went out the door.
Sami went to wake up his mother.
There was a romantic relationship between Sami and Layla.
Sami's reign of terror was only just beginning.
Sami was honking his horn.
The fir, the spruce and the pine are all conifers.
Sami and Layla arrived at a motel near Toronto.
Sami and Layla rented two adjoining rooms.
Police checked the parking lot of the motel.
Sami should have got life in jail.
Sami hid the videotapes.
Sami served his entire sentence and was released from prison.
You know very well that storms and cranes don't mix.
Sami is not a man to accept second best.
The veining of the marble is quite amazing.
This is a two-way crossing street.
Sami purchased a three-bedroom residence in Cairo.
Could you squirt some shampoo into my hand?
I'm making a fruit salad.
In a library, you have to be quiet.
Everyone has a hero.
This is where we like to play.
We have already called the cops.
Sami came to the playground to play.
What's all the noise about?
We are family.
The necklace looks great on you.
This is a gift to welcome Sami into the family.
I'll take a break tomorrow.
You can go back playing.
If you don't do your homework, there will be no TV tonight.
No homework, no computer tonight.
Sami kept guard.
It was as though the dogs were afraid of something.
If you don't finish your soup, there will be no TV tonight.
This is your new home.
"This grave is your new home." "What do you mean?"
The only certified slut is you.
How dare you insult my mother's memory?
Sami's mother went out with a lot of men.
Sami is starting to look very pale.
What's written in the letter?
Sami left me for another woman.
Get out of there or you're both gonna die.
The fire is getting worse.
Sami decided to turn a blind eye to the truth.
Sami received his inheritance from his father.
You're not obliged to do so.
Sami's house is burning.
Call the firefighters.
You can't choose your parents.
Beware of calm waters.
Today is Saturday, the 14th of October.
Today is Saturday, the fourteenth of October.
Stop dawdling.
"We're late." "I know."
"I'm busy." "Busy doing what?"
"I was busy." "Busy doing what?"
Everybody hide!
But that's what we had yesterday.
"But that's what we had yesterday!" "And that's what we'll have tomorrow."
I won't wear a jacket if Tom doesn't.
Stop dragging your heels.
It looks like l've come at a bad time.
Tom, we'll be late!
Supper is getting cold.
Shut up, Tom. No one asked you!
Shut up. No one asked you.
Tom took an IQ test.
She was the prettiest girl I'd ever seen.
Tom didn't have the courage to kiss Mary.
Tom asked Mary's father for her hand.
That's your side and this is mine.
Tom and Mary volunteered to clean up the park.
I heard through the grapevine that she likes him.
This book is divided into chapters.
It seemed like the right thing to say.
I saw Tom at the funeral.
As the date of the wedding approached, Tom started having second-thoughts.
I can still make it.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
You may kiss your bride.
Tom found Mary crying in the bathroom.
He hadn't yet found the courage to kiss.
Tom plucked up the courage to kiss her.
Tom kissed Mary on the way home from the dance.
He drew her to him and kissed her on the mouth.
They both reached the same conclusion.
I've known her for quite some time.
I've known Tom for quite some time.
She wondered if he'd ever work up the courage to kiss her.
Mary wondered if Tom would ever work up the courage to kiss her.
They kissed behind the barn.
Don't be so daft.
Friendship is a soul that dwells in two bodies; a heart that dwells in two souls.
I couldn't care less about sports.
Tom sat down on the milk crate.
Tom interrupted her reverie.
You're beginning to sound like your mother.
Poetry is deeper and more philosophical than history.
Tom owns a private zoo.
Tom left Mary for his secretary.
Mary left Tom for a young bodybuilder.
Tom and Mary are both professional bodybuilders.
Pole dancing is an art.
I'm a pole dancer, not a sex worker, Tom.
Tom is too irresponsible to have a pet.
Tom often feeds his cat dog food.
I asked you to trim Tom's claws, not his whiskers!
Tom is afraid of math.
Tom is afraid of Matt.
To know is to remember.
Fear is a suffering produced by the expectation of some evil.
The hackers hacked into Tom's car and made it go haywire.
Death is a life lived. Life is a death that comes.
Beauty is that marvelous mystery that neither psychology nor rhetoric deciphers.
It must have been expensive.
I told you to knock!
Raise your hand if you want to speak.
Tom has an electric pencil sharpener.
There's a rumor that Tom likes Mary.
There's a rumor that Mary likes Tom.
You really don't know?
Tom admired himself in the mirror.
Mary admired herself in the mirror.
They were interrupted by a knock on the door.
Everyone else does it too.
Tom flexed his arms.
Tom flexed his biceps.
Tom flexed his muscles in front of the mirror.
Mary took a deep breath to calm herself.
Tom spends all his free time playing video games.
Today there is spaghetti carbonara for dinner.
I don't have any baby pictures of my mom.
My mom doesn't have any baby pictures of me.
My mom's sister doesn't have any baby pictures of her own daughter.
My mom's sister doesn't have any baby pictures of my mom.
I glanced at him.
They are not living here.
They are living in another house.
He questioned me at last.
Why didn't he message me?
Mom bought me a very tasty burger.
Mom bought me French fries.
Choose Philippines!
Last Sunday I bought a Dumas novel.
What are you doing in Sami's clothes?
If I don't die of a heart attack, I'd die of anger.
What does the letter say?
Did Sami try to commit suicide?
Why is Sami at the hospital?
Sami trying to kill himself? It's just nonsense.
Was Layla your girlfriend?
How could Sami do such a thing?
Can you take me back home?
Why does Sami take those pills?
I hid the book beneath the carpet.
"I don't want to talk to anyone." "Not even to Granpa?"
I'm tired of listening to your stupid inanities.
How on earth is this possible?
I have given you everything and this is how you repay me?
Is this what you all want?
What makes you think he's not a hooligan?
Has that man done something to you?
Why doesn't he respect my feelings?
Why do you think Sami doesn't trust you?
You wanna know something? I sometimes think that you don't love me at all.
How are my girls?
Are you staying for lunch?
Does this have anything to do with me?
What is it like to be in love?
Does it feel good?
Try to understand her.
How long is this torture gonna continue?
Wasn't everything perfect for you?
Who knows what's going on inside Sami's head?
I'm not prepared to forget it.
Something is starting to happen between Sami and Layla.
It's so hard for me to accept that Sami is with Layla.
I'll be going home soon.
How could there be another woman just like Layla?
Sami has been admitted to the clinic.
You should have seen Sami's face.
Sami read the message Layla had left.
Do you realize the mess you're in here?
Sami manipulated Layla and made her feel guilty.
I don't want to bring your hopes down.
Sami is really in love.
"I don't like what's going on." "Neither do I."
Sami is having trouble speaking.
Sami is still very groggy.
This isn't the way home.
We're not going home right away.
Did you really think I forgot?
You shouldn't jump to conclusions so fast.
This doesn't look like Cairo.
Why don't you just sit there?
Did you have an argument?
Did you two have an argument?
Loving Sami is a waste of time.
"Shall I serve you?" "Yes, please."
Sami is eager to participate.
Who did you see there?
Don't you think you're being a little inflexible here?
Have the girls finished eating?
You look like you're going out to a party.
You're dressed like a whore.
The baby has his bath at two o'clock.
Can I help you for anything?
Take this gentleman to see Mr. Bakir.
"Are you in charge here?" "No." "Who is in charge then?"
It shouldn't take too long.
Have you been waiting too long?
I don't have the necessary resources to purchase this equipment.
We'll drop by later.
I want to be a pastry cook.
How many teaspoons of salt do I put in?
I'd like to do it with you.
Sami is hospitalized there.
I'm falling in love.
For the first time in my life, I feel that I'm falling in love.
Do you think I'm exaggerating?
I need this for a pregnancy test.
You're already pregnant.
I might be pregnant.
Can you imagine Sami's reaction?
I'm having a baby in the wrong house.
Sami doesn't want me.
What if Sami knows about that?
Don't tell anyone that I'm pregnant.
The pregnancy was perfect.
You don't even look at me.
Did you go out with Sami? What was it like?
You've got yourself into this mess.
You need to find yourself a new house.
Sami is behind bars.
This problem can't be ignored.
Are you talking about that hooligan?
"Sami isn't as bad as people think he is." "Even when he steals cars?"
Sami is a piece of dirt.
I don't understand a thing here.
Sami took me to a place and tried to rape me.
There is no room for miracles here.
Sami has been put in room sixteen.
Coud I have some water? My throat is really dry.
I can't even swallow.
I think you have been crying.
I'm the duty nurse of this floor. If you need me, just call me.
You don't have to punish yourself like this.
I still feel terrible.
You should have seen Sami.
Sami was so pale.
Sami kept calling for Layla.
You have nothing to do with this.
Love isn't pity.
I'm home, resting.
"You again?" "Yeah, it's me again."
Don't act more stupid than you look.
Do you think you can come down here immediately?
Come down here immediately. I'm at the reception.
I didn't charge Sami a penny.
Sami had doubts about it.
Sami went to the shopping mall.
Sami tried to call Layla on the intercom.
Sami and Layla talked outside.
Sami will be back in a minute.
Sami interrupted the meeting.
Sami is downstairs.
Sami wants to see you.
Sami screamed at the top of his voice.
Layla threatens to scream at the top of her voice if you don't go see her.
Sami must apologize.
This is Sami's first day working for the laboratory.
Sami really doesn't need to worry.
Who could be knocking at the door at this time of night?
Hold on, I'm coming!
Today is Sunday, the fifteenth of October.
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have.
There are three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it or leave it.
Would you mind leaving the room?
Tom wasted no time.
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes?
They wasted no time.
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes so I can ask your daughter some questions?
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes so I can ask your son some questions?
Would you mind leaving? I'd like to dress.
Tom spoke about Mary as if she wasn't there.
Can I have the top bunk?
You can have the top bunk.
Ah, to be young again.
I want to go to bed early.
That noise is driving me nuts.
I enjoy the outdoors and love to watch sunsets.
I'll take the bottom bunk and you can have the top bunk.
Do you want the top or bottom bunk?
Would you mind leaving the light on?
Would you mind leaving the door open?
Would you mind leaving us?
Would you mind leaving us? I want to talk to Tom alone.
The horses galloped.
Tom fell out of the top bunk.
Would you mind closing the door behind you?
Would you mind leaving me alone?
Would you mind leaving us alone?
I haven't got the slightest idea.
My dream is to travel the world.
I'm not the least bit surprised.
I would like to learn something about you.
I would like to learn which places you recommend visiting, and why.
I would like to learn what your hobbies and favorite quotes are.
I would like to learn what your favorite quotes are.
Everyone, out of the water!
You should have told me that you can't swim.
Tom passed the test with flying colors.
Mary passed the test with flying colors.
Tom is taller than Mike.
Every thing has its beauty, but not everyone can see it.
Mary got the part.
Tom got the part.
Tom is a thespian.
Tom was dressed, as always, in black.
You look like a doll.
She strangled him with her legs.
Tom is a consummate professional.
Mary is a consummate professional.
Mary is a superwoman.
Mary is very athletic.
Tom spoke in Esperanto.
Is this your idea of a massage?
Mascara darkens the eyelashes and makes them appear longer.
Tom always brings out the best in people.
They formed a band called The Squirrels.
Tom formed a garage band called The Squirrels.
Mary is in her dressing room.
The actress is in her dressing room.
That's not what I wanted hear.
He put a lot of effort into it.
She put a lot of effort into it.
Tom put a lot of effort into his school project.
Let him worry about it.
Let her worry about it.
Mary would never do such a thing.
Tom is very meticulous.
Mary is meticulous.
We're a few weeks behind schedule.
Mary put a lot of effort into her project.
Tom's not in the best of health.
He tried to make me laugh.
Tom tried to make Mary laugh.
Tom's fireplace hangs from the ceiling.
The monastery closed after years due to a shortage of monks.
I talked him into it.
I talked her into it.
He died young.
She died young.
When the last tree is cut, the last fish is caught, and the last river is polluted; when to breathe the air is sickening, you will realize, too late, that wealth is not in bank accounts and that you can’t eat money.
Mary has long legs.
It's not what I had in mind.
Tom is cerebral.
Mary is very cerebral.
I have a small favour to ask.
I have a small favor to ask.
I was completely wrong.
He was completely wrong.
She was completely wrong.
You've ruined it!
You've ruined it! You've ruined everything!
Tom placed the music box on the table.
Tom gave Mary a music box.
Tom played a sad song on the piano.
He took her back to his place.
This homeless man plays piano beautifully.
Tom played a song on a public piano.
Tom played a song on the piano.
Can you show me around?
The Japanese take their shoes off before entering their homes.
Tom rolled out his yoga mat.
Eros is the Greek god of love.
The architecture of Warsaw's Old Town has always fascinated me.
We were showing Mum our holiday snaps all afternoon.
Would you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?
Tom lives in a cabin in the woods.
This passive house doesn't need any active heating.
This house is off the grid.
Passive houses don't require any active cooling or heating.
Tom and Mary live in a small house.
I never agreed to that.
He told me that he loved me.
"He told me that he loved me." "He told me the same thing!"
He told me that he loved me since middle school.
He took me in his arms and told me that he loved me.
He told me that he loved me and wanted to marry me.
He told me that he loved me and I told him that I loved him too.
She looked confused.
He looked confused.
Go outside.
Are you working tonight?
Please tell me what that is.
He made a swift exit.
He scarpered.
He ran like blazes.
He made a bolt for it.
He legged it.
He did a runner.
That's not what I wanted to do.
When the police stopped Tom for questioning, he tried to make a run for it.
No matter how many people tell Tom he made a mistake, he still insists he's right.
Tom propped himself up on one elbow.
Tom gave a music box to Mary.
Please tell me what this is.
I'm sorry, sir. You were saying?
If I start crying, I wouldn't be able to stop.
You seem such a good man, yet you're neither married nor do you have children.
Let's just keep Sami out of this.
I don't have a handkerchief.
"Am I interrupting anything?" "Oh no, come in, please."
Do I have to spell it out for you?
"Where are we going?" "Somewhere where we could scream at each other without being disturbed."
"You're changing the subject." "What was the subject?"
May I go to the bathroom, please?
You're dating a girl young enough to be your own daughter.
You got me pregnant and now you're leaving me.
"Can I talk to you?" "I have to finish to serve my client."
You can't force me to marry you just because of this baby.
Your baby is growing inside of me.
Sami called to find out about Layla's tests.
Is Layla going to have that baby?
I like flowers in their natural surroundings.
You know Layla likes flowers.
Sami used to punch Layla even when she was several months pregnant.
You should have thought about that before you got Layla pregnant.
"You're very special to me, Layla." "Lily." "Pardon?" "My friends call me Lily."
See you in a couple of minutes.
Honestly, Sami, I don't know what to do about you anymore.
How come you're so late?
Why don't you just try to rest?
Let's put this cat out of its misery.
Are you reading a book?
Let's take a look at the book.
Where did you meet such a guy?
You're reading a book without a school assignment? Hallelujah!
You're not pregnant.
Sami is the only thing that matters to me in life.
Why don't you call Sami and tell him what's going on?
You're just a bunch of cowards.
Did Sami give you my message?
I don't want to make matters worse.
God will decide.
Why won't you trust me?
You hardly ever talk to me.
I can't bear to see you like this.
I'm your wife, aren't I?
Let me explain this to you.
He died about eight hours later.
I'll continue giving my support to Sami.
This conversation is logical.
I want to be crystal clear.
That depends on Sami alone.
You didn't tell me that.
You'll need to go on a diet.
I still want to have kids.
I wanted to please you.
Just let me say this.
I feel that I owe such a lot to you.
I don't want you to talk this way.
Nothing will come between us.
My life is nothing without you.
I love you and I need you by my side.
Come on, you can't be serious.
Sami makes me so happy.
I have a funny feeling this is going to be serious.
Sami is really understanding.
You really like Sami, don't you?
They must be waiting for us. What's the time?
Hi, Sami. How's things?
Sami wasn't the easiest guy to get along with.
Sami is just unpredictable.
This is Sami's style of doing things.
Sami has his own methods.
Sami will have to get used to it.
Sami's last secretary said that he was a wonderful boss.
How did Sami react when he heard about Layla's test results?
What's the time, Sami?
Sami has to go to the lab.
Sami is mysterious.
Sami has a difficult life.
There's something in Sami's eyes that makes me think he has suffered a lot.
I need to ask Sami a favor.
Sami needs to see his lawyer.
Sami needs another lawyer.
Sami doesn't talk about his private life.
Sami ordered four pizzas.
Sami is not too good.
I'm telling you this because Sami is your friend.
Sami has been acting strange.
I know that you care about Sami.
Sami is a very special person.
I didn't do anything to hurt Sami.
Sami is going through difficult times right now.
We're here to help Sami.
Sami has thirty days to pay the invoice.
There was a call from your mobile phone company.
Sami is not back yet.
Sami won't appreciate it.
Sami needs longer payment terms.
Sami has an excellent relationship with the company.
Sami appreciated working with us.
Sami managed to find the information he needed.
Please don't forget what we discussed.
You can count on Sami.
Sami felt dizzy and nauseous.
Sami was feeling unwell.
Sami went to the pharmacy.
Sami doesn't look too well.
Sami worries too much about Layla.
There is no reason to make a big deal about this.
Sami is just curious.
What did Sami say about me?
Some fragile goods have been delivered for Sami.
Sami came looking for me.
Sami had a meeting with his mom and the principal.
Tom's eaten the majority of his pizza.
Is that Sami Bakir's office?
"Is that Sami?" "Yes. Who's calling, please?"
Layla is Sami's private nurse.
Sami offered Layla a cup of coffee.
Layla is a private nurse now.
Sami missed Layla terribly.
Sami felt like he was missing something.
Layla gave Sami's flowers away.
Layla thanked Sami for the flowers.
"Here's your tea." "Thank you."
Sami finished his work.
Feel free to call whenever you like.
"See you." "Yes, see you later."
Sami Bakir is the city council representative.
Just shut your mouth if you value your job.
Sami will have to sign this document.
This is going to be problematic.
Come on, eat some. It will do you good.
Sami brought the check personally.
Sami's check is ready.
Your wife is cheating on you.
Sami seems to be taking his job very seriously.
Sami is very busy now.
Sami can't do anything right.
Sami deserves a little holiday.
"Sweets" as Sami likes to call them.
What are all these invoices doing here?
Sami's accounts are frozen.
Sami will be back this evening.
Sami came across some unpaid invoices.
Sami was only trying to be friendly.
I'll go and try to find some aspirin for you.
I need to talk to you about something important.
Sami seems to know nothing about his.
It's Sami that's causing all the trouble around here.
Excuse me asking, but what's that?
Layla was appointed as a new nursing supervisor.
There are plenty of things to do around here.
"Can I do anything?" "No, it's OK. I'll clean it up."
Accidents do happen.
I don't follow. What are you talking about?
Forgive me. I'm so sorry.
"Forgive me." "What do I have to forgive?"
I don't understand what's making you feel this way.
Of course I don't think that.
If you like, I'd listen to you.
Talk. I'm listening.
"I can explain." "Well, explain then."
Explain. I'm listening.
You must have the wrong address.
I'm trying to get in touch with my sister.
Sami didn't stop asking me questions.
This guy is after Sami.
Sami works only for one person and it's Farid Bakir.
Sami works for a company that sells interior decoration supplies.
Sami worked for a company that sold building materials.
Bakir is Layla's maiden name.
Layla is the wife of Sami Bakir.
Be careful with Sami.
Sami is not very nice to people.
What did you talk about you and Sami?
I didn't tell Sami any of this.
When Sami left Layla, she tried to commit suicide.
Do you have the address?
Sami can't remember the name of the company.
Sami gave Layla his home address.
Sami found Layla's number in the phone book.
Whatever it is, I'd like to know what Sami wants.
I better find Sami first.
I don't want anyone prying into my private life.
Sami has been spending time in the clinic with a nurse named Layla.
Sami's secretary called and said the matter was urgent.
The matter is urgent and delicate too.
Layla said she was expecting a child by me.
Sami should assume responsibility.
Sami agreed to take care of the baby.
Sami wanted to prevent Layla endangering the life of their baby.
I'm very pleased to announce that Layla Bakir will be this clinic's nursing supervisor from today on.
How silly of me! I keep forgetting that.
"I don't mind this." "Well, I do mind!"
I don't dispute the facts.
In some countries, abortion is legal.
I don't see things that way at all.
Don't get me wrong here.
"Do you believe in God?" "Of course I do."
Every child has a right to protection.
I promise to study your case, Mr. Bakir.
Sami wanted to stop Layla from having an abortion.
Sami presented his dossier.
I'm the director of this clinic.
First of all, stop screaming.
Is that quite clear?
Sami is not my boss.
Take a belt and discipline your son right now.
"Take a belt and discipline Sami." "Pardon?" "I said take a belt and discipline your son." "I don't discipline my children with a belt."
Sami has two sisters and an older brother.
The dyke was repaired and the seawater was pumped out.
Politicians from Brazil to New Zealand all agreed that culture helps communities live together harmoniously.
The bridge had to be high to allow boats to pass underneath.
There was no land to spare to build a new airport.
The crane carefully lifted each piece of the roof into place.
Today is Monday, the sixteenth of October.
Be like a tree and let the dead leaves fall.
Tom and Mary adopted a boy from China.
Tom was born in China and sent to the US for adoption at the age of three.
Mary adopted Tom when he was five months old.
Tom is a street racer.
Could you pick a safer hobby, Tom?
If you think betting and gambling are going to make you rich, Tom, then you're wrong.
If you want to marry my daughter, you should respect our family traditions.
This tradition is bullshit.
Those customs are too silly to be respected.
Does he move his head?
"What do you want?" "Two kilos of potatoes, please."
Marie goes shopping once a week.
At the shop, I do not like to queue.
Tom has an appointment with the doctor on Friday.
I would like to make this toast to all those who have given their time to this project. I thank them warmly.
For society to be better, there must be people who succeed and we should not envy them.
What kind of problems do you have?
"Isn't there a train this morning?" "Yes, an express, but it leaves in four minutes."
The schoolchildren are lucky, they are off school because of the heat.
On Saturday, Tom is having a party in his garden.
The man who does not know how to keep quiet does not know how to talk.
God looks at clean hands, not full ones.
To the honest man, debts are a bitter slavery.
He who lives only for himself is dead to others.
No man is happy, unless he thinks he is.
Safety first!
The language students participated in an immersion program.
Tom and Mary participated in the cultural exchange program.
This android has a positronic brain.
Tom wanted to improve his English.
Would you mind taking your shoes off?
Every once in a while, you get lucky.
We can't just sit by and do nothing.
The children got their hair color from their parents.
Tom looks like me.
Let's wait!
It's not exactly urgent but it's important.
Sami needs to talk to Layla personally.
Sami is very sleepy.
Sami is not right in the head.
Sami helped Layla recover.
Layla is pregnant with Sami's child.
Sami can't keep something that important secret.
"Am I wrong?" "No. You're absolutely right."
Sami has a new boss.
I was reading the newspaper.
Sami has covered his traces very well.
Layla used her body as a free season ticket to the good life.
I'm sick and tired of this house.
Layla is pregnant. She's having a baby.
Sami smashed the vase to pieces.
You are worth nothing.
A loser is what you are. A failure.
Leave the kids out of it.
Sami and Layla broke out their engagement.
Sami understands everything.
How can Sami be so sure?
Sami is gonna pay for it a very high price.
Sami told Layla about my pregnancy.
Sami's mother died a short time after his father.
I've never left my desk during office hours.
This man is the one of you, Layla.
You have given me a new life.
Sami doesn't usually drink very much.
There's no way I can just leave.
I want to take a little break.
I don't have enough money to pay the mortgage off.
Sami has more information for me.
Sami went back to the clinic.
Sami was wearing a uniform.
Layla is a nursing supervisor at the clinic.
Sami deserves the promotion.
Sami deserved the job.
Sami was proud of Layla.
Sami will come when he's ready.
Sami scared Layla.
Sami was walking in the park alone at night.
Sami's company was in the red.
Scream all you want. Nobody will hear you.
Sami was assaulted while he was walking in the park alone at night.
Sami will break your face.
Sami called Farid a little fag.
Sami said that Farid was gay.
Sami told Layla that Farid was a homosexual.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend was bisexual.
"Leave her alone." "Say that again, little fag?" "I'm gonna break your face."
I didn't insult you, asshole.
Sami has had a long day and he's too tired now.
Sami smashed the vase onto the floor.
There's just no reasoning with Sami.
Sami said he was a nobody.
Sami is more than that.
"Something to drink?" "No, thank you."
Sami did something stupid and so amateurish.
Sami was too naive.
The big fish eat the small fish.
Layla is married to a little nobody.
Sami wasn't interested in Layla.
Layla is gonna keep that baby.
The baby is Sami's.
What if the baby is mine?
Sami isn't responsible for the sins of his parents.
Sami took a burden off Layla.
Did I or did I not help you?
Sami still cares about Layla.
I can't remember Layla's married name.
Sami is a free man now.
Give Sami some freedom.
Sami is just a teenager.
"I don't want to have trouble with Sami." "That's two of us, Layla."
Sami made Layla work like a slave when she was a little girl.
How come you and I are together?
Sami wanted to go and live with Layla.
I can hear that in my head.
You're only hearing that voice in your head.
I'm gonna stay where I belong.
"Sami is at a mental institution." "And that's where you belong, too."
"Sami is at a psychiatric hospital." "That's where he belongs anyway."
People have goals and interests.
I should thank you for rescuing me.
You have liberated me from Sami.
Forget about that little bastard.
I'm not the woman Sami deserves.
Sami is sure that's what he wants to do.
Sami is not the same man he was.
Sami doesn't want to repay Layla by making things far worse.
Sami was so nervous when he left here.
Your ex-girlfriend told me about your weakness for a pretty face.
Who's the other woman? Does she have a name?
Sami never told me that he was married.
Someone was waiting for Sami.
My dream has a name and it's Sami.
Please don't walk away from me like that. Let me explain.
"I know that you have a long history dating whores." "They're not whores. Let me explain."
"You were dating that whore?" "She's not a whore. Please, Layla, let me explain." "There is nothing to explain. I'm leaving!"
Marrying you was the biggest mistake I have ever made.
Shut up, you moron!
You know very well that you're not leaving this room alive if you don't tell me the truth.
All you have to do is telling us the whole truth.
Sami can talk to the police.
Didn't you see the Sami's face? He was telling the truth.
Why did you let me sleep?
I didn't tell my family where I was.
I know I'm not a child anymore.
Sami arrived home at midnight.
I really didn't mean to upset you.
Sami is running around with the wrong crowd.
Where is Sami? Breakfast is half over.
Are you all deaf?
Sami didn't come home last night.
You can't just come and go as you please.
It's really late.
"Breakfast before you go?" "No, I'm already late." "How about coffee?" "OK."
Sami won't talk.
Sami is terrified of me.
Sami got home after midnight.
Sami and Layla are going to walk.
Sami managed to get some sleep.
Sami is starting a new shift.
Sami was on duty at that time.
Sami has just started his shift.
Sami doesn't even have a last name.
James is his Christian name.
Sami's bank called him about his mortgage payment.
Sami doesn't want to talk now.
Sami will be back later.
Sami wants to spend some time alone.
Sami couldn't believe Layla cared so little about him.
Sami told me all about it.
Sami doesn't need to thank me for anything.
Sami wants to see you before you leave.
Sami has the right to worry about his daughter.
Sami has been here for a very long time.
Sami recovered.
Sami had tried to commit suicide before.
Sami and Layla went home together.
Sami went to his apartment.
Sami doesn't remember much.
Sami doesn't know who stabbed him.
Sami got sick and died.
Sami needs to set an example to the other workers.
Sami was too tired to work.
Sami learned the lesson.
Sami is still dating Layla.
Sami was still being unfaithful.
Sami came to see Layla.
Sami is right here.
Sami is in there.
Sami was still on life support.
Sami didn't touch Layla.
Sami told Layla's family all about their affair.
Sami was still at the clinic.
Sami brought Layla a gift.
Sami bought Layla a ring.
Sami was worried Layla was dead.
Sami is a good guy.
Sami brought Layla to the clinic.
Sami will have more trouble with Layla.
Sami told the police what had happened.
Sami should tell the police about that.
Sami agreed to testify.
Sami reminded Layla what he was capable of.
Sami didn't want anything to happen to Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to tell the truth.
Sami worked for a music store.
Sami was covered in tattoos and body piercings.
Sami wanted to explain everything to Layla.
Sami is like Farid.
Sami is like weed in our family. He needs to be uprooted and thrown out.
"Sami beat me." "That little asshole."
Sami didn't let me talk.
Sami has no right to bring me here.
Sami and Layla both know very well who you are.
Sami got involved in Layla's life.
Sami is not afraid of Layla.
Sami thinks he can get away with this.
Sami knew Layla was looking for him.
Layla told Sami that she was expecting a child.
Layla was pregnant by Sami.
Layla was expecting a baby with Sami.
Sami made a wonderful choice.
Sami doesn't know Layla's finger size.
Sami can't say anything about me.
Sami will go to Layla's husband and will tell him about the affair.
Sami is married to a whore.
Sami is willing to pay.
Sami tried to buy Layla's silence.
Sami is more experienced than Layla.
Sami never existed.
Sami made up his mind.
Sami didn't know the baby was his.
Sami has to keep away from Layla's family.
Sami should keep well away from Layla.
Sami should keep this in mind.
Sami needs to disappear.
Sami took Layla's suitcase.
Sami forgot his suitcase in the trunk of Layla's car.
Sami threw Layla's suitcase out the window.
Sami left his suitcase in Layla's apartment.
Sami wanted to relax a little bit.
Sami's life is over.
Sami heard the doorbell ringing.
Sami thought it was Layla.
Sami has just come back from Cairo.
Sami needs to rest.
Sami won't stay long.
Sami has no idea how much Layla wanted to see him.
Sami just upped and left Layla.
Life doesn't begin and end with Sami.
Sami didn't know why Layla left him.
Sami did a really good job.
Layla is going to have a baby with Sami.
Sami is not worthy of you.
Sami has to get over it.
Sami never suffered like Layla.
Sami didn't want Layla.
Sami was too blind to appreciate Layla.
Sami was working late last night.
Sami prepared a good soup.
Sami invited too many people.
Sami is still at home.
Sami left here quite some time ago now.
Sami noticed something weird about Layla.
Sami opened a door and walked out.
Sami took a suitcase.
Sami stole a suitcase from the store.
Sami and Layla are both lying over there.
Sami had so much fame then.
Sami found the necklace.
Sami never talked to the doctor about that.
Sami found Layla's necklace.
Sami came in to the emergency room with a man who had been stabbed.
Sami came in with a young man.
Sami was forced to break the rules.
Sami should not do that again.
Sami will do that now.
Sami will do that immediately.
Sami has to go now.
Sami has had a hard day.
Sami told everyone that Layla was there.
Sami is always alone.
Sami is going to work today.
Sami is going to work this afternoon.
Sami is hard at work.
Sami closed the store.
Sami was the last to leave the store.
Sami has no money to spare now.
Sami donated the money to an orphanage.
Sami wanted to surprise Layla.
Sami can rely on Layla.
Sami needed Layla's help.
Sami never said thank you.
Sami helped Layla last night.
Sami is lonely.
Sami doesn't have to worry about that.
Sami is on his way now.
Sami gave Layla the keys to the main door of the club.
Sami can't tell Layla anything.
Sami is a single man.
Layla will be the last woman in my life.
Sami isn't going anywhere until he tells me what's going on.
Sami was happy to have Layla back in his home.
Sami should put things the right place.
Sami has already talked to Layla.
Sami liked to tease Layla about her Egyptian accent.
Sami is playing heavy parent on me.
Sami got wounded.
Sami was defending Layla.
Sami didn't even know Layla.
Sami didn't even recognize Layla.
Sami began attacking Layla.
Sami spent his bus money on candy.
Sami came up to Layla.
Sami didn't hurt Layla.
Sami appeared and defended Layla.
Sami found Layla a taxi.
Sami didn't report the incident to the police.
Sami is the man who helped Layla.
Sami didn't tell the police.
Sami understood Layla all too well.
Sami told the doctor about that.
Sami wasn't always right though.
Sami is much better now.
Sami has to clear up a few things for me.
Sami has more than enough trouble of his own.
Sami is talking about the rules.
Sami doesn't know if Layla is telling him the whole truth.
Sami doesn't know Layla and he doesn't know anything about her.
Sami can ask his questions later.
Sami is going to give Layla some medicine.
Sami was in his glory.
Sami is the one who bothers me.
Sami will arrange everything.
Sami can fix things.
Sami took Layla to the edge of sanity.
Sami is only trying to help Layla.
Sami should leave things well alone.
Sami knows exactly what he's doing.
Sami was so embarassed by Layla.
Sami never tells anybody anything.
Sami didn't want to talk to the police.
Sami was pretty annoyed for having to break the rules.
Sami was worried that it was much more serious than that.
Sami didn't think Layla was coming in that morning.
Sami hasn't been very productive so far.
Sami hasn't even started.
Sami will have to start without Layla.
Sami hasn't even finished one page.
Sami hasn't even finished reading one page.
Sami asked Layla not to leave.
Sami can't let Layla do this.
Sami has to tell Layla the truth even if it hurts.
Sami has been looking for you.
Sami knows that he has to do something.
Sami excused himself and left the table.
Sami always has an excuse.
Sami's store was closed.
Sami closed his store early today.
Sami left for a funeral.
Sami has a funeral today.
Sami never asks why.
Sami never asks questions.
Sami pretends that he knows it all.
Sami and Layla didn't go very far.
Sami is expecting Layla to forgive him.
Sami was always the center of my life.
Sami's sisters have nothing to do with this.
Sami's lack of maturity will lead him to disaster.
Sami won the lottery but didn't share anything with Layla.
Sami always thought Layla was a prostitute.
Sami and Layla wanted to go back together.
Sami has to be fair.
Sami didn't leave because of Layla.
Sami is back because he loves Layla.
Sami has to listen to Layla.
Sami saw Layla's car in the driveway.
Sami isn't leaving today.
Sami's mother-in-law died last night.
Sami left the car in the driveway.
Sami was swimming in the pool.
Sami isn't going to leave immediately.
Sami wanted to read the letter.
This is a beast of burden.
Sami thought about Layla constantly since she had left.
Sami is Layla's only love.
Sami doesn't see this as a problem.
Sami and Layla were leaving.
Sami and Layla need to go home now.
Sami and Layla are leaving for Egypt.
Sami knows Layla is angry with him.
Sami wanted to study.
Sami skipped his biology test.
Sami had an accident and couldn't get here earlier.
Sami telephoned Layla's family and talked to her brother.
Sami can tell Layla whatever he likes.
Sami has just had an operation.
Sami just lies here staring at the ceiling all day.
Sami should take his pills.
Sami came here to threaten Layla.
Sami has taken his pills.
Sami kept taking those pills.
Sami told Layla he was ready to go.
Sami and Layla were swimming in the pool.
Sami is a good diver.
Sami bought Layla a gold ring.
Sami found Layla's gift in the trunk of his car.
Sami did terrible things.
Sami asked Layla to stay away from him.
Sami won't show up here again.
Sami is worried by Layla's attitude.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend was married.
Sami didn't quite like Layla's reaction.
Sami wanted to cut off all ties with us.
Sami thinks Layla knows too much.
Sami didn't do any transaction with Layla.
Sami built a shopping mall in Cairo.
Sami wanted to send his daughter on a vacation.
Sami is still determined to marry Layla.
Sami was expecting a little more than that.
Sami bought Layla a beautiful diamond ring.
Sami bought Layla a wedding ring.
Sami wanted to get married right away.
Sami told Layla that he had been waiting all his life to meet a girl like her.
Sami didn't even read Layla's letter.
Sami didn't even open Layla's letter.
Sami and Layla were kissing passionately in the pool.
Sami did the right thing, I think.
Sami was fired for breaking the rules.
Sami made some soup for Layla.
Sami shouldn't do it that way.
Sami wanted soup.
Sami was hungry as well.
Sami made a wonderful suggestion.
Sami will like Layla's soup.
Sami put on his wedding ring.
Sami is the most important thing in Layla's life.
Sami carried Layla.
Sami is the clown of the family.
Sami was clearly in love.
Sami finally found Layla.
Sami forgot something and went out to fetch it.
Sami didn't take Layla's suitcase.
Sami finished his exam.
Sami let Layla take the exam.
Sami did very well in the exam.
Sami will have more serious problems to face.
Sami thinks he did very well in the exam.
Sami is still a patient with us. He's in room six.
Sami saw Layla hurrying.
Sami told Layla that he was so excited.
Layla showed Sami her ring.
Layla and Sami didn't want their marriage to be made public.
Sami was showing off with his sports car.
Layla lived a remote life in the depths of France.
Sami had to travel miles to get safe drinking water.
The plastic chair costs four pounds.
Sami got Layla pregnant and left her without even saying a word.
Layla doesn't feel like having a child at her age.
Sami and Layla have nothing to do with each other anymore.
Ready player one.
Sami and Layla have absolutely nothing in common.
Layla hopes to find true love to forget about Sami.
Layla and Sami separated after years of living together.
Layla is screwing while her husband, who has no idea, is in his room, sleeping.
You already know how I appreciate you, but I can't marry you. I'm sorry, Sami.
This is a precise and poetic paean to the peregrine.
His name was Francisco Pizzarro.
Today is Tuesday, the seventeenth of October.
Ah! Don't say you agree with me. When people agree with me I always feel that I must be wrong.
Over Afghan diplomats seek political asylum abroad.
Genetically modified soybean oil may not be as healthy as you think, research suggests.
Plea rejected for Middletown man charged with shooting wife.
Facts do not constitute the truth.
India rules sex with underage wife constitutes rape.
We bet all our money that this behind the scenes footage will make you impatient for the film's release.
Stocks hammered on sluggish data.
Construction site toppled by strong winds.
What's in your medicine cabinet?
The function makes the organ.
We would rather eat snails tomorrow.
It was he who did this work.
Now they find themselves in a dangerous game of name-calling and one-upmanship.
It was we who did it.
She often gets up to eat in the middle of the night.
When I turned years old, I was given my own room.
I did not receive your message on time because when you sent it to me my mobile had no battery.
I see silver, but I don't see gold.
The patient, despite having taken the new medication, didn't feel any better.
Summer will be here before you know it.
Even Leonardo DiCaprio's enchanted life includes airport delays.
I have more than enough.
Emmanuel Macron assumes his style.
Poetry is simply the most beautiful, impressive, and widely effective mode of saying things.
The will is free; strong is the soul, and wise, and beautiful. The seeds of god-like power are in us still. Gods are we, bards, saints, heroes, if we will!
Tom has a 3D TV.
Would you mind taking your feet off the table?
Would you mind taking your sunglasses off?
Kobe Steel admitted that it had falsified quality data for years.
They are free women.
He loves his wife.
Tom has a wife.
The little girl is crying.
We have a new pope.
He doesn't live with his family.
Mary is stronger than she seems.
Why didn't you buy coffee?
Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea.
Sami had a blood test.
Sami has to respect Layla's decision.
Sami came up with a refreshing idea.
Sami wants to talk about it later.
Sami was back in his office.
Sami wanted to see Layla urgently.
Sami had difficulty controlling his anger.
Sami doesn't give a damn about convenience.
Sami has to take this more calmly.
Sami really needs to be organized.
Sami organized everything.
Sami felt trapped.
Sami wanted Layla under his control.
Sami can't sell his shares.
Sami has a certain leverage.
Sami needs time to think about the next move.
Sami has nothing to do with it.
Sami came to see Layla immediately.
Sami is gonna pay.
Sami knows me perfectly.
Sami threw Layla out.
Sami is a valuable staff member.
Sami was on top of things.
Sami is resigning from the company.
Sami would never be able to marry someone like Layla.
Sami appreciates that.
Sami sent Layla an invitation.
Sami finished packing his needs.
Sami has to leave immediately.
Sami went down to the bank.
Sami tried to strike a deal.
Sami doesn't get much rest.
Sami and Layla haven't discussed that already.
Sami started the problem.
Sami will pay his debt to the last cent.
Sami will have to pay everything to the last penny.
Sami has had trouble getting hold of Layla.
Sami has yellow fever.
Sami might come home for a couple of days.
Sami saw the right Farid gave to Layla.
Sami has to control the amount of fat in his diet.
Sami could die of a heart attack.
Sami's cholesterol levels are too high.
Sami is perfectly normal once again.
Sami has a long way to go.
Sami still has a long way to go.
Sami has an appointment with his girlfriend.
Sami was waiting for Layla at the reception.
Sami was the last person I was expecting to see in this place.
Sami wanted to humiliate Layla.
Sami came back here.
Sami tried to fool Layla.
Layla tried to make Sami believe that she was pregnant.
Layla was married to another man.
Sami tried to trap Layla in the basest manner.
Sami knows nothing about Layla.
Sami is going through an ugly mess.
Sami paged Layla.
Sami won't leave Layla in peace.
Sami offered Layla some money.
Sami doesn't want to argue.
Sami has to stay in bed if he wants to recuperate.
Sami and Layla don't go along.
Sami takes a dose of antibiotics every eight hours.
Sami believed in Layla.
Sami seems he has learned his lesson.
Sami won't forget that.
Sami should try to stay in bed.
Sami wanted to go home quickly.
Sami's family must be missing him.
Sami doesn't have any family.
Sami lives alone in Cairo.
Sami made an effort to stay in bed all day.
Sami will be expelled from school.
Sami passed the test.
Sami will go to college.
Sami is going to college this year.
Sami is just as surprised as Layla.
Sami is too young to have these levels of cholesterol.
Sami will get you some coffee.
People who keep on learning are those who follow the path of success.
We are all lucky.
Today is Wednesday, the eighteenth of October.
It's hard to be young, but do not give up.
There are also countries in which freedom of speech is limited.
There's a stain on my T-shirt.
I don't understand how to use it.
Although the Russian language is difficult, Tom wants to learn it.
When do you have to go to school again?
Could you keep it down a bit please?
Are you going by bus or by train?
He doesn't love us.
I am like little streams: they are transparent because they are shallow.
It's not easy for him to learn English.
Translate all the lines of this text.
One day, all will be well, that is our hope. All is well today, that is the illusion.
The universe confuses me and I cannot imagine how this clockwork can exist without a clockmaker.
I am like those little streams, which are transparent because they are shallow.
How many times will I have to repeat this to you?
I've got a stain on my T-shirt.
Tom has a gym membership.
The weaknesses of men are the strength of women.
I knew that he was lying.
There is no country in this world where love has not turned lovers into poets.
The world slowly walks towards wisdom.
I just hope I don't bore you too much.
Fanaticism is a monster a thousand times more dangerous than philosophical atheism.
I want to know what's going to happen.
Tom doesn't want one.
It was not God who created man, but man who created God.
One day you'll get there.
He’s always egging me on to drive faster.
Do you eat rice?
Leave the door open when you go.
How many times a week do you eat rice?
Do you like orchids?
It's my way of saying thank you.
It's his way of saying thank you.
Tom has a rice cooker.
Tom doesn't have a rice cooker.
Do you have a rice cooker at home?
Which type of rice do you prefer: brown, white, or basmati?
Do you prefer long grain or short grain rice?
Tom prefers brown rice.
Tom ate a risotto.
Brown rice has many health benefits.
Do you like quinoa?
I have a few tricks up my sleeve.
Every body is different.
Listen to your body.
We all have different genetics.
Tom is doing tai chi in the park.
Tom eats at his desk all day.
Tom only eats at mealtimes.
Sami has nothing to talk about.
Sami told Layla that he was getting married.
Sami broke his promise.
Sami is bossy.
Sami is very strict.
Sami is worse than Layla.
Sami placed his trust in Layla.
Sami is a teenager.
Sami does tend to be indiscreet at times.
Sami is marrying Layla.
Sami wants to finish this project.
Sami has a personal project.
I said hello. Didn't you hear?
Sami is always there through good times and bad.
Sami has harmed Layla too much.
Sami made things clear to Layla.
Sami is a stupid imbecile.
Sami made himself clear about that.
Make sure to stay in streets that have lighting.
Sami is asking Layla's hand in marriage.
Sami has to do everything they tell him.
Sami is feeling down.
Sami wants to get out of here.
Sami helped Layla to get up.
Sami will be here with Layla.
Sami didn't want Layla to lose her baby.
Sami discovered that Layla was pregnant.
Sami is a dead man.
Sami told me what was happening.
Sami has to get Layla out of this place.
Sami begged Layla to help him.
Sami gave Layla a compliment.
Sami has done everything right.
Sami doesn't care anymore.
Sami has finally done something right.
Sami is out of danger.
Sami has a good chance to survive.
Sami's doctor didn't suggest any special treatment.
Sami has to go with Layla.
Sami has to come with me.
Sami got a promotion at work.
Sami knows what that means.
Sami won't find out.
Sami is the new sales executive of the company.
Sami congratulated Layla for her new position.
Sami continued reading the letter.
Sami gave permission to Farid to kiss his daughter Layla.
Sami was waiting for Layla to be discharged from the hospital.
There was nothing but an old armchair in the room.
Sami is everything Layla has.
Sami and Layla were concerned.
Sami can confide in Layla.
Sami can tell Layla anything.
Sami knows what he can count on Layla.
Sami was stark naked.
Sami died without knowing Layla was pregnant.
Now that they have a baby, the Tanakas had to hire a part-time helper.
I don't know if Tom can help us.
Are you coming tomorrow?
I like Tom too.
I've traveled all over Russia.
He has read the letter many times.
They're saying that Tom won't do it.
What's your new friend called?
He read the book from start to finish.
He read the book from the first to the last page.
He's read the book.
Isn't it against the rules?
Today is Thursday, the nineteenth of October.
You'll get used to living alone very fast.
He didn't like going to school.
Everyone wants to get to know you. You're famous!
He told me he loved me.
Is it very quiet in the bedroom?
Sami is Layla's only brother.
Sami accepted the offer.
Sami wants to be Layla's business partner.
Sami did that for personal reasons.
Sami has a phone call.
Sami should take the mile instead of the inch.
Sami is Layla's second husband.
Sami is not in the mood for joking.
Sami is destroying his beautiful marriage.
Sami isn't worth it.
Sami has been fooled.
Sami totally understands Layla.
Sami never told Layla that he was married.
Sami still has a chance.
Sami asked Layla about that several times.
Sami is so angry.
Sami has a lifetime commitment.
Sami is really unlucky when it comes to women.
Sami is just going to concentrate on his studies.
Sami's name sounds familiar to me.
Sami didn't flaunt any subject.
I'm losing my teeth. I'm dying by bits.
Don't run so fast; I can't keep up with you.
The lights seemed like fireflies.
Beauty pleases the eyes, kindness enchants the soul.
I have good posture.
I slept at an hour past midnight last night.
What time are you planning to sleep?
I'm drinking sage tea.
Did you put sage in the pasta?
Is sage medicinal?
Venus is a planet.
There's no need to insist.
My coffee is stronger than John's.
Don't take on more than you can handle!
Where were you in August last year?
They can repair computers.
I don't have anywhere to sleep today.
Has anyone guessed?
Tom loves to play improvisational theatre.
Tom loves to play improv.
Tom and Mary play improv together.
Mary likes to play improv.
Human nature is good and wickedness is essentially unnatural.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Tom left the room suddenly.
Mary left the room suddenly.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of infinite.
Children sweeten labours, but they make misfortunes more bitter.
Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.
Don't get cocky.
It's much more complicated than that.
Tom's mother cried a little.
Tom shook Mary's hand vigorously.
Mary was very upset.
She is here to keep me company while I’m still recovering.
Let's go somewhere more comfortable.
Let's go somewhere more comfortable to talk.
They grew fonder of each other as time went by.
Mary went on a diet last year and lost 20kg!
We got scared when the phone rang in the middle of the night!
Tom has enough money to buy the house he wants.
Has Tom ever told you how he lost his leg?
Tom said he liked the color of my T-shirt.
Tom could've done anything he wanted.
Tom says he can read books in French.
I hope that you'll enjoy this next song.
The next song I'm going to sing is one I wrote just last night.
What is the exchange rate of the Dollar against the Brazilian Real?
Everybody is different.
The dose makes the poison.
Where's Malta?
Today is Friday, the twentieth of October.
Sami really is a dumb bunny. He does such stupid things.
Sami's a waiter at a gay bar.
What time do we meet up there?
It is a hassle to have to report to my boss two times a day.
The tickets were only a few dollars a head.
We left early in order to get a head start on the trip.
Sami and Layla are in constant competition.
We are both the same age.
Tom's goldfish is depressed.
I have girlfriends.
Tom and Mary went through the haunted house together.
Mary kissed her husband's cheek.
It's not nice to keep your friend waiting like this.
I didn't want to keep my friend waiting too long.
It's not nice to keep a lady waiting.
I need you to need me.
We've had a lot of rain.
Tom kissed Mary on the Ferris wheel.
He kissed me on the Ferris wheel.
They kissed on the Ferris wheel.
See you in your dreams.
NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN) spacecraft discovered that Mars has a magnetic tail.
Mars has a magnetotail that's unique in the solar system.
Pollution kills more people around the world every year than war and violence.
Pollution is a massive problem.
Experts say that pollution causes million premature deaths every year.
Heavily polluted rivers can catch on fire.
Pollution causes damage to the economy.
People who are sick or dead cannot contribute to the economy.
The relationship between pollution and poverty is very clear.
Controlling pollution would help us address many other problems.
Mary tilted her head.
The number of flying insects collected in traps in nature reserves in Germany has declined by 75% over the last years.
Not long after that, Octavia seemed to lose her zest for interaction.
I had seen humans I loved in similar straits.
Sami would leave Cairo for days at a time.
Sami was growing closer and closer to Layla.
Sami never had a clue about Layla's true life.
That was supposed to be the best day of Sami's life.
Sami wanted to save his marriage.
Sami neglected his obligations.
No secret stays buried for ever.
Sami's body was covered in a tarp.
Be the first to know.
Don't use that tone of voice with your father.
This is not the way you were brought up.
If you love each other, then I'll give you Layla's hand in marriage.
Sami and Layla make a wonderful couple.
Sami's problem has a name and its name is Layla.
You're in no position to criticize my morals.
Layla is pregnant and it's an answer to our prayers.
I just don't understand why you hate me so much.
Sami's affair with Layla is public knowledge.
May I go out for a minute?
What life could you ever have with me?
Don't open this letter until you're out of the country.
Don't trust Sami too much.
Sami works at a pizzeria.
I can't stay in bed for the entire pregnancy.
Sami and Layla have marital problems.
Sami and Layla are seriously thinking about moving to another city.
You take one more step and you're dead.
Layla and Sami's marriage was a total disaster.
Sami and Layla are newlyweds.
Sami and Layla are newly married.
Behave yourself, will you?
Show a little courtesy!
Would you be so kind as to bring me a glass of water?
There was a knock on the door.
Sami and Layla love each other madly.
Today is Saturday, the twenty-first of October.
Louis seemed to lose her zest for interaction.
You just have to be creative.
Better buy than borrow.
He who belittles would buy.
A man is as old as his heart.
This is beyond perfection.
Sami and Layla never agree on anything.
The look on your face says it all.
Love works miracles.
I'd like you to go away.
OK, you're free to go home.
Do you walk to school or do you take the bus?
Go on foot.
I can't fix the engine.
The engine runs smoothly.
Which tie do you think goes best with this shirt?
Have you got any free time?
Sami and Layla keep bickering and fighting.
Sami said bad things about Layla.
Sami said evil things about Layla.
The party's in full swing.
Sami and Layla met on a dating site.
Sami and Layla are the same age.
Layla has no pity for the people who betrayed her.
Sami took the first step towards Layla.
We must take a taxi to the station, Tom.
She keeps on crying.
She cries all the time.
She's always crying.
She cries constantly.
Tell me why she's crying.
I don't wanna lose you.
Sami and Layla have different tastes when it comes to music.
I don't care about what clothes you're wearing.
Will you accept me just as I am?
You can call me by my first name.
Don't waste your time waiting for Sami.
Believe what you like.
I'm not leaving this police station until I see Sami.
What are you going to do, arrest me?
My son is in jail and you're going to arrest me just because I want to visit him?
This doesn't mean that you have to make my life difficult.
Layla finally found out that Sami had three children by different women.
If you really love me, you would do what I ask from you.
Don't you want to keep me company?
Sami is on night duty.
There are rules to be followed.
If you don't leave immediately, I'll have to call security.
"Hello, I'm talking to you." "Sorry?"
Go sit in the car.
Give Sami a kiss.
Come to Daddy.
Give Sami a ride to the bus stop.
I've never seen Sami this down before.
Live your life.
You're really lucky I'm in a good mood today.
I can't put up with Layla's nagging much more.
Layla is simply unbearable.
You should feel very satisfied with yourself.
Would you mind closing the door, please?
I concentrate better when the door is closed.
If you like it, I'll give you the recipe.
Do you have any classes this afternoon?
I still have a few more classes this afternoon.
You can't keep hiding like this.
Won't you give me a chance?
I mean it from the bottom of my heart.
Stop telling me it is my baby.
Sami has been trained to work in a place like this.
I'm expecting a baby.
Layla is expecting a baby and it's Sami's, of course.
I shut off the water.
I would like to talk to you if you wouldn't mind.
I'm not gonna put up with your insults.
Why can't you be like your brother?
Sami and Layla dream of one day having kids.
Ladies and gentlemen, in front of you is the train station, and to the right, you will see the cathedral of Cologne.
Sami and Layla dream of having children one day.
I'm sorry, but you don't have the right to phone here.
Today is Sunday, the twenty-second of October.
This is the happiest day of my life.
Children are like little suns, which miraculously bring warmth, happiness and light into our lives.
Be careful! My dog bites!
It's always the same problem, Mary gets up too late!
Today, there isn't any salad, but only a large portion of french fries.
Tom can not only read well, but also write well.
On Sunday, we won't be eating at home.
Every observation is an interpretation.
Mary goes to work every morning.
"The party is great, don't you think so?" "Yes, but it's so hot!"
On Thursday we're going to the garden.
"Would you like a drink?" "Oh yes, that's a great idea."
Tell me, how old are you?
It's not too late. I beg you, just stay a little longer.
Leave me be, I can get there myself.
When are we stopping? I want to drink a coffee.
Tom can't help you with your homework because he doesn't understand the exercise.
Once a week, Mary meets up with her friend.
The children meet their friends.
Tom leaves for Barcelona by plane.
Tom runs in the forest.
When does your train arrive?
Mary takes her new car out of the garage.
The professor is a friend of Mary's.
The professor drinks coffee with Mary.
Hello, when does the next train for Paris leave? Thank you.
"Thank you so much! You're so nice." "It's no problem."
There's no train this morning.
My mother's cake always has a great flavour.
Do you often play with the children of your cousins?
Since Tom and Mary's parents are away, their grandparents are looking after them.
Tom is a representative in the computer industry.
Your schedule, is it too full?
English phonetics are very inconsistent.
What time did Mary arrive at the hotel?
Tom did not drink water.
Where has Will gone?
I'd rather sit on the floor.
Did you want to buy that book?
Mary stopped working at pm.
Evil exists, but not without good, as shadow exists, but not without light.
A dog has four paws
What is the best solution?
Are you polyamorous?
I have boyfriends.
Condoms are important.
Can we talk somewhere more private?
Can we go somewhere a little more private?
We can't talk here. Let's go somewhere more private.
Let's go somewhere more private.
I don't want to go anywhere with you.
Could I talk to you alone?
Cut the crap.
Tom hasn't lost his touch with women.
You two make a lovely couple.
I had sex with my own sister.
You two make a beautiful couple.
You two make a wonderful couple.
You two make such a cute couple.
You two make a real nice couple.
I'm very happy for the both of you.
Tom laughed so hard he almost choked.
Mary changed her number after breaking up with Tom.
You two make such a sweet couple.
I don't have two nickels to rub together.
We're barely getting by.
Tom is behind in his payments.
You OK, Pete? We can do this tomorrow, you know.
I can barely pay the minimum every month.
He's totally into you too.
I've been married to my husband for twenty years.
Mary was looking forward to her wedding.
Tom was looking forward to his wedding.
You don't have to hide your feelings from me.
We haven't done anything together in weeks.
I don't have any feelings for him at all.
He's not my type, but he would be perfect for you.
I don't have any feelings for her at all.
Mary is a little moody.
Mary began to blush.
I need you to make time for me.
This could get you into trouble.
What are you doing? Don't call him over here!
What are you doing? Don't call her over here.
I hope I haven't misspelled your name.
Tom is a little moody today.
You don't have to make a decision now.
I had a feeling something bad was going to happen.
I need a new mattress.
Tom has freckles and red hair.
Mary has freckles and red hair.
Tom massaged his temples.
Tom rubbed his temples.
Tom rubbed his temples with his fingertips.
Mary massaged Tom's temples.
I want you to tell us what you've been hiding.
I want you to tell me what you've been hiding.
Tom is smart and talented.
Mary is smart and talented.
Mary was my first crush and my first heartbreak.
Tom was my first crush, my first love and later my first heartbreak.
Tom was my first crush and my first heartbreak.
Tom was my first crush and my first love.
Mary wears the same clothes that all her friends are wearing.
My relationship with Tom was nothing but professional.
What I choose to do with my life isn't any of your business.
Mary married Tom after his wife died.
Tom married Mary after her husband died.
Tom bought me chocolate.
I'm tired of people insinuating there's something going on between us.
Tom hasn't lived here in a long time.
I'm not arrogant.
I agree with your girlfriend.
I agree with your boyfriend.
He's fun to hang out with.
I like Tom. He's fun to hang out with.
She's fun to hang out with.
Tom was mesmerized.
Mary was mesmerized.
"You're an idiot." "I know."
I'll just leave you two alone then.
My life is far from perfect.
Tom ate a granola bar.
Two tickets, please.
I guess I'd better leave you two alone.
Wait for my signal.
This movie is almost three hours long.
I like slow paced movies.
I like fast-paced movies.
I couldn't wait for the movie to end.
The movie was almost three hours long.
Our legs touched.
Our legs touched under the table.
Her knee touched mine.
I was hooked from start to finish.
I'm sorry... for everything.
What was that again?
He writes poems.
She writes poems.
Tom writes poems.
You should come over after work.
You should come over after school.
Go away. I don't want to talk to you.
I didn't want to leave without seeing you.
I told you to knock it off.
Mary crossed her arms across her chest.
Tom crossed his arms across his chest.
The movie was long and boring.
It was long and boring.
My father knew him.
He's too weak to talk.
She's too weak to talk.
The curfew is in effect until 6:in the morning.
I cannot travel to Boston as long as the visa ban is in effect.
The new law will take effect in December.
The restrictions will not go into effect until your son turns 18.
Mary is sick.
You looked beautiful.
His two sons died during the war.
All that was is no more; all that will be is not yet.
To love is to give oneself in body and soul.
Tom had discovered that his lover betrayed him.
The avocado is rich in fats.
I know you're intelligent.
This is more difficult than bringing my great grandmother back to life.
I'm going to eat something to settle my stomach.
All events and persons in the following program are fictional. Any similarity to real events or persons is purely coincidental.
I don't want arguments here.
It's shaking again. If you don't see me again, keep in mind that I love you.
They were fighting for hours.
They were arguing for hours
I would like to fly like a bird.
Nicole speaks Japanese well.
One cannot desire what one doesn't know.
For a man, passion is a torrent; for a woman, an abyss.
An eye for an eye and the world goes blind.
The wise person does not say everything that they think, but always thinks about everything they say.
Sleep with the thought of death and wake with the thought that life is short.
Today is the disciple of yesterday.
Where there is harmony there is always victory.
Friendship that ends had never begun.
The National Symphonic Orchestra presented its concert schedule for 2018.
Nationalism provokes violence and conceals a racist attitude.
Cloth gloves are much safer than latex gloves.
Passion can be destructive and ferocious when it is motivated by fanaticism and racism.
We are our memory, we are that fanciful museum of capricious forms, that mountain of broken mirrors.
There is nothing in the mind that was not first in the feelings.
How would you decorate your balcony to better take advantage of it?
What is legal is not always just, and what is just is not always legal.
How can you say that after everything we've been through?
The scientist hypothesizes that global warming may cause increased rainfall.
The mole burrows into the ground.
An obstetrician estimates the progress of childbirth by measuring the time between each contraction.
The pirate plunders the treasure trove.
Racist politicians want to segregate schools again.
The lawyer preps her client before the case.
Cell phones that break before their contract expires are examples of planned obsolescence.
Modular division solves for the remainder, not the quotient.
Leaders need to be good at improvisation; they must think on their feet.
The song ignited a passion in the crowd.
A second-degree burn is more dangerous than a first-degree burn but less dangerous than a third-degree burn.
The bulldozer smashed into the concrete, obliterating everything in its path.
The flasher was arrested for indecent exposure and sexual harassment.
Children often use construction paper to make crafts.
He asked them for silence.
He asked them to be quiet.
Did he get home at six?
Drifting ice caused damage to the boat.
It's the least that can be done.
Justice is not always fair.
How would you decorate your living room?
The truth, in the wrong moment, can be dangerous.
It's dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
I met with him at seven.
How tall is Mt. Kilimanjaro?
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
If the day before yesterday was Wednesday, after tomorrow it will be Sunday.
If the day before yesterday was Sunday, after tomorrow it will be Thursday.
Changes such as these are taking place not just in our country, but around the world.
Is that red or white?
Sami thinks I'm having his baby.
Sami didn't want to cause a problem.
Sami is not a danger to your sister.
You better go to your room.
Sami brought all his books.
Sami did a nice job.
Did Sami have a fight with Layla?
I know that stupid girl.
The love story between Sami and Layla is over.
The truth is quite complicated.
I'm gonna try but I can't promise anything.
Sami wants to talk to you.
Sami doesn't have anything to say.
Sami didn't know that Layla was married at the time.
Sami is completely full of hate.
Sami played Layla good.
Sami has to leave Layla.
There is no other way out of this.
I felt your lips.
I felt your body shake when I kissed you. You still love me, Layla. Don't lie to me... I can still feel that you love me.
I missed your sweet lips.
This baby is Sami's.
"Let's go far." "How far away?"
I want to express my feelings to you.
You wanted to have this baby.
I know how much I love you.
Feel my kisses, darling.
Do you have a happy marriage?
You're having a child.
You're having a baby.
I like to see you looking happy.
You stole my husband.
I have to tell you something very important.
Thanks for the cookie.
I'll make them pay.
Sami thinks he's a perfect father.
Are you still mad about Sami?
Are you insulting me?
Today is Monday, the twenty-third of October.
The two great secrets of happiness: pleasure and forgetfulness.
All loves are not alike. All the mistresses are alike.
Trust the man who is aware of three things about you: the grief behind your smile, the love behind your anger, and the reason for your silence.
Good has as its grave human ingratitude.
Where is the prophet's tomb?
The body is the grave of the soul.
Privileges of all kinds are the grave of freedom and justice.
Let's leave, in a kiss, for an unknown world.
I think I'm evolving day by day.
Believe me, children only love the unknown.
"What is tomorrow's date?" "Tomorrow is Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of October."
For me, the real world is just a fiction.
Love is immortally young, and the ways of expressing it are and will remain forever old.
Life is a rose that shows us in each petal an illusion and in each thorn a reality.
I cannot do it.
I can't do it!
The words "synonym" and "antonym" are antonyms.
I cannot do it!
What, then, is forgetting, if not dying?
Absence and time are nothing when we love.
It is a Finno-Ugric language.
I'm going to think about it and tell you.
What he's saying is true.
It's been ten years since his death.
It's been ten years since her death.
Finally we decided to ask the teacher for advice.
I don't know the secret code.
Do you want some mulled wine?
I feel misunderstood all the time. What a sad life.
What a coincidence! We're wearing the same tie.
What a coincidence! My tie is the same as yours.
Leaving our comfort zone is quite complicated.
If you insist on staying in your comfort zone, you won't go very far.
Life begins where your comfort zone ends.
People believe everything written in the newspapers.
Acai is the fruit of a palm tree that grows only in the wild, in the northern rain forest of Brazil.
Acai is a berry that comes from the state of Pará, Brazil.
Catalonia, in the northeast of Spain, is one of the country's most prosperous regions.
An international team of scientists has discovered that only a single gene is responsible for generating the rich patterns of colors in butterfly wings.
Is drinking orange juice every day bad for you?
Redheads generally have freckles.
The best defense against bad literature is lots of experience with good literature.
Despite the obstacles life puts in your way, always face them with a smile.
There is no pillow as soft as a clean conscience.
I rested a bit and I feel better.
I took a break and I feel better.
He gets mad at me over every little thing.
Not even he knew the truth.
Did you find her address?
What are you cooking for us?
Now we're expecting a child.
Sami is so in love.
Move in here.
Why don't you move in here?
Where do you keep your medicines?
Don't close the gate. Just hold on.
Stop bothering her.
Let me pass.
That's it, you jerk, leave!
Is this your baby?
Shut up and listen to me!
That's the end of this discussion.
The person who is accountable for this clinic is me.
Take a look at this laboratory.
Don't open those bottles right here.
Take this chair to my office.
Sami doesn't deserve more than what I deserve from life.
When I was alone, I was thinking about us.
I'll move in.
Leave it all to me.
Sami is the only person in this house to know the truth.
The pants were so tight that Layla's legs were turning blue.
Your eyes are like diamonds.
Your eyes are shining like stars in the night.
You left and didn't say goodbye to me.
I thought I lost you for ever.
We're celebrating Layla's pregnancy.
Layla is going to have a baby.
This happens to me because I'm pregnant.
Layla has got twin girls.
Layla named her daughters Salima and Farida.
That mongoloid talks too much.
You remember that girl we saw yesterday at the airport, right?
When I touch you, you tremble. I know that you're you still love me.
Sami doesn't deserve your tears.
Please promise me that you're going to take your studies seriously.
My name is Lilette with a double "t."
"A penny for your thoughts", Layla said as she saw her boyfriend looking out the window.
It was a race against time to rescue the miners who were trapped in the mine.
Where pleasure costs nothing, youth has nothing to lose.
You're blameless.
The university president is a shoo-in to win another term in office.
"That's funny," said Tom. "I could've sworn I just heard the clock strike thirteen."
Nothing belongs to nothing, everything belongs to all.
You have your mother's eyes.
I can't find my mobile.
I can't find my phone.
I live in a big house.
I live with my father.
She wants a bigger home.
Tom was soaking wet.
Mary was soaking wet.
Tom kept an eye on the sky.
We kept an eye on the sky.
I don't have time for chitchat.
Tom was wearing a transparent rain poncho.
Tom was wearing rain boots.
The rain made Tom's T-shirt transparent.
The rain had made her T-shirt transparent.
Mary put her purse on the table.
Tom doesn't love his wife anymore.
Mary doesn't love her husband anymore.
Tom was wet and cold.
Mary was wet and cold.
Mary was shivering.
This isn't about you. This is about me.
The rain stopped and the sun came out.
Tom's father was a drunkard.
Happiness cannot be bought.
What is that on your t-shirt?
You're going to freeze to death.
There's a spot on your shirt.
Tom's strategy paid off.
I promise you won't regret it.
Tom hasn't beaten us yet.
She hasn't beaten us yet.
You won't get rid of me so easily.
You won't get rid of me so easily!
The boy scout got a merit badge.
Tom is an Eagle Scout.
Tom is struggling in school.
It brings back memories.
Tom and Mary are organic farmers.
I'm right and everybody else is wrong.
Tom is a fan of this obscure Canadian band.
Tom was a one-hit wonder.
I don't remember who gave this to me.
I don't remember who gave me this.
We remarked with pain that the indecent foreign dance called the Waltz was introduced (we believe for the first time) at the English court on Friday last ... it is quite sufficient to cast one's eyes on the voluptuous intertwining of the limbs and close compressure on the bodies in their dance, to see that it is indeed far removed from the modest reserve which has hitherto been considered distinctive of English females. So long as this obscene display was confined to prostitutes and adulteresses, we did not think it deserving of notice; but now that it is attempted to be forced on the respectable classes of society by the civil examples of their superiors, we feel it a duty to warn every parent against exposing his daughter to so fatal a contagion.
The free access which many young people have to romances, novels, and plays has poisoned the mind and corrupted the morals of many a promising youth; and prevented others from improving their minds in useful knowledge. Parents take care to feed their children with wholesome diet; and yet how unconcerned about the provision for the mind, whether they are furnished with salutary food, or with trash, chaff, or poison?
Young people are lazy.
The old man complained about young people.
Never has youth been exposed to such dangers of both perversion and arrest as in our own land and day. Increasing urban life with its temptations, prematurities, sedentary occupations, and passive stimuli just when an active life is most needed, early emancipation and a lessening sense for both duty and discipline, the haste to know and do all befitting man's estate before its time, the mad rush for sudden wealth and the reckless fashions set by its gilded youth--all these lack some of the regulatives they still have in older lands with more conservative conditions.
A pernicious excitement to learn and play chess has spread all over the country, and numerous clubs for practicing this game have been formed in cities and villages...chess is a mere amusement of a very inferior character, which robs the mind of valuable time that might be devoted to nobler acquirements, while it affords no benefit whatever to the body. Chess has acquired a high reputation as being a means to discipline the mind, but persons engaged in sedentary occupations should never practice this cheerless game; they require out-door exercises--not this sort of mental gladiatorship.
The morals of children are tenfold worse than formerly.
It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be.
It's a lot smaller than I thought it would be.
Tom got Mary's name tattooed on his bicep.
Tom got Mary's name tattooed on his arm.
Tom attended a town hall meeting.
Then why did you run?
"I didn't do anything wrong." "Then why did you run?"
How did he know we were coming?
How did she know we were coming?
How did Tom know we were coming?
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
What the fuck is this shit?
The football field was absolutely sodden.
I have been waiting here for a long time.
I can see that you're all here.
I'll help you as much as possible.
I work for the department of sanitation.
I'm in total agreement with you.
I assure you, Mr. Ambassador, that we didn't mean any disrespect.
I assure you, Mr. Ambassador, that no disrespect was meant.
I work at the laboratory of microbiology.
I came to tell you that Sami has just resigned.
I work for a research laboratory.
Layla loves gossiping.
I'm extremely mad right now.
I know you just want the best for me.
I have lost so much time.
I was doing something illegal.
I don't need a lecture on morality.
I gave her a piece of my mind.
I said everything.
You're pregnant. You have a life inside of you.
I want us to have a family and children.
I work for the department of health.
I always like to make things better.
I'm not asking that of you.
I know how to make people respect me.
You're the best thing in my life.
You're the best thing in this world.
You're the worst thing in my life.
"You're the worst thing in my life." "Oh yeah? And you're the worst thing in mine! I hate you!" "And I hate you more!"
I'm starting to dislike this.
Tom only lived in Boston for a short time.
Tom hasn't been living in Boston long.
After tomorrow, you'll be my wife.
I'm your girlfriend and almost your wife.
Sami is so in love with Layla.
Should I tell Sami everything? Surely I should.
Sami does nothing but deceive Layla.
Sami will find out eventually.
Sami won't be able to lie to Layla forever.
Sami will tell Layla right now.
Layla wants to live with Sami as his wife.
Sami can't have what's rightfully mine.
Sami and Lanya are a happy couple.
Sami hates everything that links him to Layla.
Sami and Layla want to live together.
Sami works for the municipal clinic.
Sami is a friend from the university.
Sami's shift isn't over yet.
Sami hasn't left yet.
Sami went to visit a friend.
Sami knows a lot about Layla.
Sami is dating a fat and stupid lady.
Sami likes to poke his nose into other people's business.
Sami was surrounded by his children and grandchildren.
Sami and Layla had a happy family.
Sami doesn't think it'll be quite that easy.
Sami wanted to prove that he loved Layla.
Sami wanted us to start a wonderful life together.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a happy life.
Sami wanted Layla to be happy.
Sami will never be alone again.
Sami gave everyone a big surprise.
Sami is my love. He's my everything.
Sami had some errands to run.
Sami didn't call in to explain.
Sami wants to quit.
Sami won't be coming back.
Sami disappeared without a word.
Sami wouldn't like that.
Sami doesn't like it here.
Sami is inexperienced and very young.
Sami knows exactly what he has to do now.
Sami came because he wants you to know that he loves you, too.
Sami is a coward.
Sami is leaving.
Sami is sick and tired of that.
Sami shouldn't have come.
Sami is going anyway.
Sami has wonderful memories with Layla.
Sami could have protected Layla.
Sami wanted to prove to Layla that he loved her.
Sami isn't from our school.
Sami was too shy to say anything.
Layla thinks she's the only pretty girl in town.
Sami isn't going on that field trip.
Sami is going to see Layla.
Sami is going on a field trip.
Sami wants this.
Sami, Layla, and the kids had a little get-together.
Sami likes it up there.
Sami can give you their names.
Sami went to the mountains.
Sami knows Layla is a good girl.
Sami knows he can trust Layla.
Sami can't be called a delinquent.
Sami and Layla went on a field trip.
Sami is going to find Layla.
Sami is going to show Layla that he's not a child.
Sami will be back when you're back.
Sami is Layla's new admirer.
Sami bought contraceptives for Layla.
Sami hasn't even thought about that.
Sami can't come with us.
Sami is the only person who understands me.
Sami is going to talk to Layla.
Sami signed a few papers this morning.
Sami is going to miss Layla.
Sami will see you soon.
Sami needs to talk to the boss.
Sami called Layla and explained her the matter.
Sami was busy preparing his speech.
Sami had a very urgent matter to discuss with the boss.
Sami has to act quickly.
Sami has to do something about it.
Sami will come tomorrow.
Sami has done something terrible.
Sami didn't want Layla to get in trouble.
Sami has to clean up this mess.
Sami is gonna clean it all up.
Sami came because he wanted to talk to you.
Sami isn't allowed in here.
Sami went down to the cafeteria.
Sami can't see you today.
Sami was preparing his speech.
Sami can't see Layla today.
Sami is the director of the clinic.
Sami was really in love with that girl.
Sami should be at the shop right now.
Sami is leaving tomorrow.
Sami is very excited.
Sami is really excited.
Sami and Layla don't talk to each other enough.
Sami is different from the others.
We all adore Sami.
Sami is always arguing with me.
Sami wants to protect Layla.
Sami married Layla when they were both over fifty.
Sami said that everything was ready.
Sami is marrying Layla tomorrow.
Sami is getting married tomorrow.
Sami has already talked to her.
Sami is great at designing buildings.
Sami baked a cake.
Sami can count on Layla.
Sami knew he could count on Layla.
Sami should talk to Layla's brother.
Sami loves his sister so much.
Sami is gonna be happy.
Sami isn't that old.
Sami is interested in Layla.
Sami will be fifteen in just a few days.
Sami managed to speak to the boss.
Sami is just leaving.
Sami thanked Layla for helping him.
Sami was in love with nothing more than an illusion.
Sami fell in love with someone.
Sami came home early.
Sami did what Layla said.
Sami didn't want to get fired.
Sami isn't going to forget your face.
Sami is just a piece of dirt.
Sami went to the construction site.
Sami invited Layla along.
Sami is gonna be a different man.
Sami helped Layla undress.
Sami was going to take a shower.
Sami wanted to be home.
Sami made Layla feel like a queen.
Sami is tired of Layla.
Sami can't doubt that.
Sami is the father of my child.
Layla is the mother of my child.
Layla is carrying my baby.
The baby Layla is going to have is part of me.
Layla is my child's mother and she will always have that position.
I don't want to be Sami's incubator.
Sami got me pregnant but I don't want to be his human incubator.
I got pregnant by Sami but I don't want to be his incubator.
Sami is a normal human being.
Sami has finally said something.
Sami congratulated Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to be honest with him.
Sami will keep the promise he made to you.
Sami hoped Layla wouldn't find out.
Sami is a victim of your incompetent bureaucracy.
Sami worked for the ministry of health.
Sami called from Cairo.
Sami said that he wanted to help us with our investigation.
Sami is just a bureaucrat.
Sami broke into the laboratory and stole a few blood samples from there.
Sami labeled the blood sample and left it in the laboratory.
Sami took the sample to another laboratory to double-check it.
Sami didn't leave Layla's room for one minute.
Sami is missing Layla.
Sami has a little cat he calls Farid.
Sami was going to tell Layla.
Sami likes classical music.
Sami named his cat Farid.
Sami read that in a newspaper article.
Sami didn't know the truth.
Sami's father died in 2006.
Sami had a drinking problem.
Sami had a drinking problem towards the end of his life.
Sami took up drinking as an escape.
Sami never discussed this with Layla.
Sami doesn't know what happened on the day of the accident.
Sami discovered the truth.
Sami doesn't have to protect Layla anymore.
Sami wants to grow up.
Sami will take care of that.
Sami can't hold Layla back.
Sami will soon be a man.
Layla will soon be a woman.
Sami is leaving right now.
Sami left the sample at the laboratory.
Sami put a lock on the door.
Sami is interested in microbiology.
Sami is back with Layla.
Sami took a couple of hours off.
Sami needs to talk to Layla immediately.
Sami won't be back today.
Sami doesn't like Layla calling him on his cellphone.
The kitchen is on the third floor.
Do you know how much it costs to have a child?
Her calm face belied the terror she was feeling.
My mother is fond of fruit salads.
I am going to meet my boyfriend at the mall tomorrow.
I met my girlfriend on an Esperanto congress.
My boyfriend won't fly to Manila ever again.
My boyfriend is currently in my city.
My friend speaks many languages.
My boyfriend likes pasta like me.
I cooked carbonara for dinner last night.
The king had a weird blue crown!
The king and the queen had no crowns.
I am so grateful for my mom.
I would like to visit Brazil.
I accidentally found my brother's dildos.
Frisian is my mother tongue.
Mary has small boobs.
Did she touch your breasts?
I'm anxious to see your stuff.
A compliment is worth a kiss.
I think that's just cruel.
I'd prefer not to receive any pictures of fairies being impaled on a unicorn's horn while clowns on unicycles laugh in the background.
For goodness sake, look in the attic and find that card you got from your auntie years ago and stick it in an envelope addressed to me.
However, I do prefer cards that are written on and not in an envelope.
But hey, you be the judge.
You're the one taking the time and buying the postage.
I have no business making demands and you have every right to simply disregard all this rubbish I've written and send me whatever you bloody well please.
Cut out a postcard sized piece of a food box and tell me about an experience you had with Americans.
Show me your creativity with a handmade card if you're inclined.
Praise is the undoing of man.
Man is born without teeth, without hair and without illusions, and he dies in the same way, without hair, without teeth and without illusions.
One has the right to speak ill of women; one does not have the right to speak ill of a woman.
In love, who doubts accuses.
How do you expect me to know that? I'm not a mind reader.
Those who are in love with practice without knowledge are like the sailor who gets into a ship without rudder or compass and who never can be certain whither he is going.
A crocodile bit off his leg.
I like the puce gloves she is wearing.
This is yesterday's newspaper.
You can forgive, but forgetting is impossible.
Tom and Mary watched a silent film.
Greta Garbo was one of the great stars of the silent era.
Charlie Chaplin is one of the greatest artists of all time.
Rudolph Valentino worked as a dancer and a gigolo before becoming a movie star.
Buster Keaton was one of Hollywood’s greatest silent comics.
Buster Keaton was one Hollywood’s greatest silent comics.
Battleship Potemkin is Sergei Eisenstein's greatest film.
The old man complained that young people were lazy and entitled.
Take your shirt off.
Take off your shirt. You don't want to die from hypothermia, do you?
Take off your wet clothes and change into something dry.
Love is a treasure-trove of memories.
Glory is the sun of the dead.
Have your clothes dried?
Would you like some hot tea?
You need to change into some dry clothes.
Tom's teeth chattered.
Tom's father played the piano.
Tom's mother played the piano.
Mary's mother played the piano.
I took piano lessons when I was a kid.
Tom took piano lessons when he was a kid.
Tom's lips were turning blue.
Your lips are turning blue.
I know all your secrets.
I know all your secrets now!
Tom wanted to go to the same college as Mary.
He won't be laughing very long.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Count your blessings, not your problems. Jealousy comes when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
We went to the botanical garden.
Are you saying you're not going to college?
Tom and Mary raised their children so that they could have better lives.
I love fall.
Tom was disappointed by Mary's decision.
Gardens are the link between men and the world in which they live.
A garden can give two separate pleasures: the pleasure of the growing plant with its individual beauty, and the pleasure of the garden as a whole.
Gardening is the purest of human pleasures.
I'm happy when she's here, and I'm sad when she's not.
I'm happy when he's here, and I'm sad when he's not.
They became friends and studied together.
Mary looked over her shoulder.
When in these fresh mornings I go into my garden before anyone is awake, I go for the time being into perfect happiness. In this hour divinely fresh and still, the fair face of every flower salutes me with a silent joy that fills me with infinite content; each gives me its color, its grace, its perfume, and enriches me with the consummation of its beauty.
I shot an arrow into the air, It fell to earth, I knew not where; For, so swiftly it flew, the sight Could not follow it in its flight.
I breathed a song into the air, It fell to earth, I knew not where; For who has sight so keen and strong That it can follow the flight of song?
Long, long afterward, in an oak I found the arrow, still unbroke; And the song, from beginning to end, I found again in the heart of a friend.
Her face is like an angel's face: we're glad she has no wings.
I heard about what happened at school.
Do you want an oatmeal cookie?
I arranged my class schedule so that we can spend more time together.
Let dogs delight to bark and bite, For God hath made them so; Let bears and lions growl and fight, For 'tis their nature too. But, children, you should never let Such angry passions rise; Your little hands were never made To tear each other's eyes.
I wonder what it would be like to be married to him.
I wonder what it would be like to be married to her.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star! How I wonder what you are, Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky.
When the glorious sun is set, When the grass with dew is wet, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle all the night.
In the dark-blue sky you keep, And often through my curtains peep, For you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky.
As your bright and tiny spark Guides the traveller in the dark, Though I know not what you are, Twinkle, twinkle, little star!
That's not what I wanted to talk to you about.
"Haven't you slept?" "No." "Me neither."
"Are you asleep?" "No."
My heart is beating tenderly for you.
I'm sure that Sami will call.
You and your mother are a couple of sluts.
Leave my parents out of this.
Sami called the clinic.
I'm calling the clinic.
Sami isn't at the clinic.
Sami left with somebody from the clinic.
All of Sami's friends are from the clinic.
Everyone knew that Sami was at the clinic.
I thought you were still sleeping.
I brought something to eat.
I read the Quran.
Sami gave me a copy of the Quran.
The epidemic is spreading quickly.
We have to work at the laboratory on researching the vaccine.
We are looking for the vaccine.
Sami resigned from his position at the clinic.
Sacrifice is part of our vocation.
I don't know what happened at the clinic.
Sami met a Muslim at the Islamic center.
Sami didn't know that Layla was Muslim.
Sami married a Muslim woman.
Sami never knew that Layla was Muslim.
Sami fell in love with a Muslim girl named Layla.
Sami and Layla were debating something about religion.
Sami was trying to explain some Quranic verses to Layla.
Sami didn't know that there were Muslims in Mongolia.
Sami knew that Layla converted to Islam.
Sami was raised Catholic and he converted to Islam at age 27.
Sami took missionary classes in Toronto, Canada.
Sami was an evangelical missionary who converted to Islam.
Sami and Layla attended the Friday prayer at a mosque in Cairo.
Sami is an African-American man who converted to Islam at age 26.
Sami was the imam of the only mosque in town.
Sami goes to the mosque five times a day.
Sami invited Farid into the mosque.
In the mosque, Sami sat on the floor.
Sami seemed nice.
Sami thought that the imam was talking about him.
Sami was a devout evangelical Christian.
The imam was speaking in Arabic.
Sami quoted a few verses from the Quran.
Sami decided to convert to Islam.
The door of repentance to God is open.
God's forgiveness has to come from God alone.
Sami met a Muslim girl, fell in love with her and married her.
Sami translated the Quran from Arabic into English.
Muslims pray to God.
"Do you know God?" "Yes, I know Him."
Muslims worship God.
Sami was an open-minded person.
Sami wanted to talk to the imam.
Sami had a very heavy accent.
Sami was from Egypt and had a very heavy accent.
Sami gave Layla a copy of the Quran.
Sami handed Layla a copy of the Quran.
Sami started to read the Quran.
Sami opened the Quran and read a few verses.
Sami was an example to be followed.
Sami wanted to be a good Muslim.
Sami believes in Jesus.
Muslims believe in Jesus and Muhammad.
Sami was interested in the Quran.
Sami read the Quran from cover to cover.
Sami defended the honor of his mother.
Sami read the Quran entirely in three days.
Sami didn't know how to be a Muslim.
Sami didn't know what it meant to be a Muslim.
Sami wanted to be a Muslim.
Sami wanted to raise his children as Muslims.
Sami found that everything in the Quran was logical.
The Quran is very direct in its teachings.
Sami decided to give his heart to Islam.
When Sami finished reading the Quran, he cried.
Sami read the Quran in just a week.
Sami came back to the mosque.
Sami traveled around the world.
Sami visited many Muslim countries.
Sami was searching for the truth.
Sami was tired of hearing the same garbage.
Sami was tired of his life.
Sami became interested in Islam.
Sami started Arabic lessons.
How did Sami convert to Islam?
Sami was brought up Muslim.
Sami was brought up a Baptist Christian.
Before he left the United States, Sami thought that everyone in the world was Christian.
Sami didn't hate Muslims.
Sami grew up thinking that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami's parents were Muslims.
Sami's parents didn't go to church.
Sami doesn't go to church because he's Muslim.
Sami dropped Layla off at the mosque.
Muslims don't play music at the mosque.
Sami had no religion.
Sami still reads the Bible.
Sami found lots of things that didn't make sense in the Bible.
In Islam, women should cover their heads when they go out.
Sami read the whole Bible.
If you read the whole Bible, why are you still drinking alcohol?
Sami is not supposed to work today.
I know Sami is in this clinic.
We can save a lot of lives.
Sami left with someone from the clinic.
Your words have to correspond with your actions.
That was his life's dream.
"Sami loves you." "You really think so?" "Yes, I do."
The remainder of his tirade included a number of swear words.
Sami is an unprincipled liar.
I like walking to school.
I like walking to work.
His name sounds familiar to me.
Her name rings a bell.
Do you mind if I keep you company?
Sami is in good hands here.
Sami showed Layla to her room.
I think Sami is more than suspicious.
Sami and Layla were getting married.
Sami and Layla did that in secret.
Sami and Layla planned their wedding in secret.
Sami has got what he wanted.
Let me play.
Can you come to like one of my suggestions?
Antiquity is the aristocracy of history.
You need onions in the marinara sauce.
"I'm sorry, but your wife didn't make it." "Well, bring me the one my wife made."
What a stupid little twerp.
Tom needs a nurse more skilled than Mary.
What's your doll's name?
Tom had an affair with a nurse while staying in hospital.
Mary has been Tom's primary carer since his car accident.
Was Tom adopted by a single parent or a couple?
Tom was adopted by a rich American family.
Tom broke Mary's favourite doll.
I don't want my son to forget his mother tongue.
The cop said I was going mph, but I was only going mph.
I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me, And what can be the use of him is more than I can see. He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head; And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.
The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow— Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow; For he sometimes shoots up taller like an india-rubber ball, And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
He hasn't got a notion of how children ought to play, And can only make a fool of me in every sort of way. He stays so close beside me, he's a coward, you can see; I'd think shame to stick to nursie as that shadow sticks to me!
One morning, very early, before the sun was up, I rose and found the shining dew on every buttercup; But my lazy little shadow, like an arrant sleepy-head, Had stayed at home behind me and was fast asleep in bed.
Wynken, Blynken, and Nod one night Sailed off in a wooden shoe,— Sailed on a river of crystal light Into a sea of dew.
The gingham dog and the calico cat Side by side on the table sat.
'Twas half-past twelve, and (what do you think!) Nor one nor t'other had slept a wink!
The old Dutch clock and the Chinese plate Appeared to know as sure as fate There was going to be a terrible spat.
I wasn't there; I simply state What was told to me by the Chinese plate!
The gingham dog went "bow-wow-wow!" And the calico cat replied "mee-ow!
The Chinese plate looked very blue, And wailed, "Oh, dear! what shall we do!"
Next morning where the two had sat They found no trace of the dog or cat; And some folks think unto this day That burglars stole the pair away!
But the truth about the cat and the pup is this: They ate each other up!
Once there was a little boy, With curly hair and pleasant eye— A boy who always told the truth, And never, never told a lie.
Whatever brawls disturb the street, There should be peace at home: Where sisters dwell and brothers meet, Quarrels should never come.
Birds in their little nests agree; And 'tis a shameful sight, When children of one family Fall out and chide and fight.
The boy stood on the burning deck, Whence all but him had fled; The flame that lit the battle's wreck Shone round him o'er the dead.
Yet beautiful and bright he stood, As born to rule the storm; A creature of heroic blood, A proud though childlike form.
The flames rolled on—he would not go Without his father's word; That father, faint in death below.
He called aloud, "Say, father, say If yet my task is done?" He knew not that the chieftain lay Unconscious of his son.
"Speak, father!" once again he cried, "If I may yet be gone!" And but the booming shots replied, And fast the flames rolled on.
The wreathing fires made way. They wrapt the ship in splendour wild, They caught the flag on high, And streamed above the gallant child Like banners in the sky.
Mary has magical powers.
We were crowded in the cabin, Not a soul would dare to sleep,— It was midnight on the waters, And a storm was on the deep.
'Tis a fearful thing in winter To be shattered by the blast, And to hear the rattling trumpet Thunder, "Cut away the mast!"
So we shuddered there in silence,— For the stoutest held his breath, While the hungry sea was roaring And the breakers talked with Death.
As thus we sat in darkness, Each one busy with his prayers, "We are lost!" the captain shouted As he staggered down the stairs.
"We are lost!" the captain shouted as he staggered down the stairs.
But his little daughter whispered, As she took his icy hand, "Isn't God upon the ocean, Just the same as on the land?"
Then we kissed the little maiden, And we spoke in better cheer, And we anchored safe in harbour When the morn was shining clear.
Vampires don't like sunlight.
Vampires like darkness.
The vampire bit the woman's neck.
Down in a green and shady bed A modest violet grew; Its stalk was bent, it hung its head, As if to hide from view.
And yet it was a lovely flower, No colours bright and fair; It might have graced a rosy bower, Instead of hiding there.
Yet there it was content to bloom; In modest tints arrayed; And there diffused its sweet perfume, Within the silent shade.
Then let me to the valley go, This pretty flower to see; That I may also learn to grow In sweet humility.
My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in the sky; So was it when my life began, So is it now I am a man, So be it when I shall grow old, Or let me die!
The child is father of the man; and I could wish my days to be bound each to each by natural piety.
'TWAS the night before Christmas, when all through the house Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
The stockings were hung by the chimney with care, In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there.
The children were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads.
And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I in my cap, had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap.
When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter, I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter.
Away to the window I flew like a flash, Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow Gave the luster of mid-day to objects below,The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow Gave the luster of mid-day to objects below.
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer. With a little old driver, so lively and quick, I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came, And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name: "Now, Dasher! now, Dancer! now, Prancer and Vixen! On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen! To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall! Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky; So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, With the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas, too.
And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof The prancing and pawing of each little hoof. As I drew in my head, and was turning around, Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound.
He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot, And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot; A bundle of toys he had flung on his back, And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack.
His eyes—how they twinkled! his dimples how merry! His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry!
His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow, And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow; The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth, And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath.
He had a broad face and a little round belly, That shook when he laughed, like a bowlful of jelly.
He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf, And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head, Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work, And filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk, And laying his finger aside of his nose, And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle, And away they all flew like the down on a thistle.
But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good-night."
Tom lives down the hill.
What is Tom expecting Mary to do?
Tom always pays his credit card bill in full at the end of the month.
Mythology is a dictionary of living hieroglyphics.
Good jobs are hard to find.
Tom comes from a working-class family.
Mary comes from a working-class family.
Tom is a Go player.
Tom is an avid Go player.
Tom plays chess.
Linda loves the park. There is so much to do.
First, she looks at the sky.
One cloud looks like a dog.
Another cloud like a sheep.
Later, she feeds the ducks.
They are Hungry. Linda throws bread crumbs.
The ducks enjoy the food.
Finally, Linda watches the sun go down.
It is beautiful.
It is not a “club” with which to browbeat others.
She has no brains.
Regine and John Paolo have no brains.
Regine is mentally ill.
Regine has no brains.
I knew that I shouldn't do that.
What's the best way to contact Tom?
Does anyone know what the best way to contact Tom is?
How can I contact Tom?
I am very much obliged to you.
In my opinion, stress-free learning is the most effective.
I should like us to consider whether it would be wiser not to make a decision today.
What a joy that must have been for you.
I gave you my heart for you to love it, not use it!
Did I already tell you today how much I love you?
I never liked going to school.
Where's the bassist?
Where's the bass player?
What kind of room do you want?
The elevator's out again.
At last, we have arrived!
What's it to you if I love you?
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
She is about to go out.
Is this what life means to you?
Is your family part of your business?
What would I do without you here?
Just stop pretending to care about me.
I know I'm a burden on you.
You should forget Sami.
I'm on a late shift today.
Sami always gives a morning kiss to Layla.
No matter what your past life, it isn't important to me.
Show me where the damage is.
It felt like an earthquake.
This is probably the most selfish thing I've ever done in my life.
I did this because I love you.
I think I don't deserve you.
I can't be selfish with you.
I'm not sorry for that.
You would rather die.
I made bad choices that hurt you.
I'd rather die than spend my whole life with you.
I'm in love with you, Layla.
I was put in a difficult position.
Layla is Salima's maid of honor.
Let me make you happy.
Choose me.
Marry me and I'll make you happy.
I need to evaluate my behavior.
Many girls have second thoughts at the altar.
Yes, I love you.
Sami is responsible for that pregnancy.
Sami did everything he could to keep the clinic open.
Sami's clinic was destroyed by an earthquake.
The baby is growing.
That clinic still exists.
This is the clinic where Sami was born.
Sami said he was born in this clinic.
Sami took Layla to a private clinic.
Sami saw Layla at the clinic.
Sami is responsible for the whole clinic.
Sami built a clinic in Cairo.
The clinic has to be evacuated.
The clinic closed in 2006.
Sami arrived in the clinic.
Sami is helping Layla at the clinic.
The clinic was built by a business tycoon.
The clinic sent another bill.
Why do you want to see Sami, if you don't mind me asking?
I'm not looking for love.
Please come into my office.
I'm too busy for the moment.
You're no stranger to the clinic.
Sami waited for Layla in the clinic.
Sami is at the clinic, helping Layla.
Sami was here at the clinic this morning.
Is this clinic private or public?
We have to evacuate the clinic.
Tell that to all the staff of the clinic.
We have the reputation of this clinic to protect.
Our clinic is the leader in this sector.
Does that clinic still exist?
Layla's baby was born in this clinic.
What am I doing in this filthy clinic?
Do you work in this clinic?
This clinic doesn't even have an ambulance.
Your place is in this clinic.
Did you tell Sami that you were expecting my baby?
I'm expecting your child.
It isn't my child.
"It's not my baby." "Oh yes, it is."
I'm Sami's bastard child.
My uncle has been to Finland.
I slept for hours last night.
Your grandma and mother cooked so many dishes.
Yesterday we wrote our essays.
Mary was born on a Monday.
Collect precious moments, no material things!
Just pretend like everything is normal.
If your friend jumped off a cliff, would you do it too?
If all your friends were going to jump off a bridge, would you jump, too?
Just pretend like everything's normal.
I can't just pretend like everything's normal.
I'm out of cash.
Tom disguised himself as a ghost for Halloween.
Tom disguised himself as a ghost using nothing but an old blanket.
Check the left side. I'll check the right side.
Tom dressed up as a pirate.
Halloween is not a religious holiday.
Tom won the pumpkin carving contest.
Tom made a cute cardboard bat for Halloween using a roll of toilet paper.
Everybody's on edge around the office.
Everybody's on edge around here.
Everybody's on edge.
Everybody's nerves were on edge.
Tom was apologetic.
I've seen stranger things.
Tom is a boy.
Mary is a girl.
Tom is a boy and Mary is a girl.
Tom and Mary wore matching costumes.
Halloween's only a week away.
Tom is confident and funny.
He's really good-looking too.
He's so cute!
Tom dressed as a zombie.
Tom went to a Halloween party.
The moon was bright.
The moon was bright and the air was cold.
I hadn't heard from him in over a year.
I hadn't heard from her in over a year.
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little?
If I kissed you, would you kiss me back?
"If I kissed you, would you kiss me back?" "What?"
Tom nervously rang the doorbell of Mary's house.
He wanted to surprise her.
She wanted to surprise him.
Tom dressed as a robot for Halloween.
Tom dressed as an alien for Halloween.
Mary dressed as a 1920s gangster for Halloween.
Tom dressed as a skeleton for Halloween.
Tom and Mary both dressed as squirrels.
Someone smashed Tom's pumpkin.
The witch wore a wide rimmed hat and black robes.
Tom was dressed to the nines.
Tom dressed as an astronaut.
Mary dressed as an astronaut.
This is not at all surprising.
The dance took place in the school gymnasium.
Tom dressed as an Egyptian mummy.
Tom was the only one not wearing a costume.
Mary wore her Halloween costume to school.
When is soon?
I'll do it soon.
Tom miraculously survived.
My mom is the most beautiful woman in the world!
What were you going to tell me before I interrupted you?
Take the red ribbon from my hair.
That was your decision and this was mine.
This pizza recipe includes hard-boiled eggs, tomatoes and oregano.
I love oregano.
I have a pot of oregano plant in my bedroom.
Police seized a gun from Sami.
Dream of me, OK, sweetheart?
Sami tattooed the word "hate" on his arm.
I have a lot of money on me now.
Could I see you again?
Sami had no direction in his life.
I don't have much money on me now.
Man is not the product of his environment – the environment is the product of man.
I leaned against the wall.
Talk to somebody about themselves and they will listen to you for hours.
Sami is in intense pain.
Sami caught a huge tarantula.
Sami was stung by a huge wasp.
Look how much my hand is shaking.
This is the most nervous I have ever been.
That is the most intense pain I have ever felt.
There is a hole right there.
You don't need to say anything, I understood everything.
I know when you were born.
I love that question.
Sami used a forceps to pick the ant up from its thorax.
Sami caught the ant with a forceps.
Is it getting better or worse?
I was always very close to Sami.
I know that you like reading.
I know why he was not at work.
We come from hundreds of ethnic and language backgrounds, yet we are united by common goals. Above all, we want to honor Jehovah, the God of the Bible and the Creator of all things. We do our best to imitate Jesus Christ and are proud to be called Christians. Each of us regularly spends time helping people learn about the Bible and God’s Kingdom. Because we witness, or talk, about Jehovah God and his Kingdom, we are known as Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Sami punched Layla in the face, causing her eye to swell shut.
She met him in the café.
I know where her apartment is.
Do you know a person named Sami?
Sami wants to do it right.
Sami is already on it.
Sami is a cocaine addict.
We must all carry our share of the burden.
"Sami?" "Who's asking?"
Sami is complicating matters.
Sami and Layla stayed together for years.
Sami didn't let Layla talk.
"Where's Sami?" "I don't know." "You evil serpent." "Look, I know that I'm a big anaconda, but I swear that I didn't eat him."
"Can I take a look inside?" "I don't see why not."
The lower the temperature of a light source, the warmer it appears.
Sami was probably kicked out of the police.
Sami was diagnosed with acute depression.
Sami's room hasn't been dusted for two months.
This whole thing stinks.
We're looking for a woman by the name of Layla Bakir.
Read my lips: you are not going to the movies with Sami tonight. Period, end of the story.
Sami is a snoring nightmare.
This British actor can speak English flawlessly with an American accent.
It's Friday so I don't have to get up for school tomorrow.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for school tomorrow.
Halloween was fun.
Mary went on a girls' night out.
How about a costume party?
Mary kissed the air in Tom's general direction.
Tom was dressed as a vampire.
Mary made Halloween costumes for the kids.
This house is a fabulous example of Victorian Gothic architecture.
Don't take it too hard.
Tom splashed some water on his face.
Mary splashed some water on her face.
Tom sat on the edge of the bed.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the bed.
Mary was sitting on the edge of the bed.
Tom sat on the edge of the bed, holding Mary's hand.
Just act normal.
We're not together. We're just friends.
Everyone knows you're together.
You know what? Forget it!
You know what? Forget it! I'll just go by myself.
"Why are you so upset?" "I'm not."
It's all starting to make sense now.
You know what? Forget it. I changed my mind.
You know what? Forget it! I'll just do it myself.
"Everyone knows that you're together." "We're not!"
Is that how you treat your friends?
Why did you trick me?
I've got a lot of work to do today.
I thought that was what you wanted.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
It's Friday so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
I wrote different versions of the test to prevent students from cheating.
Is it okay if I sit here?
I live together with my father and mother.
She said happily, "Good morning, everybody!"
I will get married this year.
We cannot go in.
We both are having a conversation.
I just sold the car.
He has yet to promise me.
He already thought of the answer.
I cannot quite remember what her/his English name is.
My friend teaches English.
You show him/her some respect!
I'm thinking about learning Korean this semester.
I still need some time to prepare.
Today's not even very hot.
I saw her crossing the road.
The washing machine is a great invention.
A lot of snow fell last year.
Have you done all your English homework yet?
Has he given you his phone number?
I'm very tired today, so I went to bed earlier.
You shouldn't say those kind of things in front of the children.
I heard children singing.
Nice to meet you today.
We bought two books.
What are you staring at? Never seen a pretty lady?
She's a lot different now.
How can I afford such an expensive car?
I want to ask, what is your name and where do you live?
The child caught the cat by the tail.
He lost his car key.
Hurry up! If not then we'll miss the bus.
I don't like that kind of house.
If I had money, I'd travel all the time.
He/she looks excited.
I never thought it could be that way.
They don't even have the slightest interest.
Could you explain that one more time?
His older brother passed away last month.
She left in a hurry.
Oh, you can walk here?
I'm happy that I can see you.
Look at yourself, your whole mouth is full of food.
Tell me how old you are.
If you're so sleepy then go sleep.
Don't be like that, it's almost your mom's birthday.
The child cried loudly.
People say that if you're angry enough, you'll achieve spontaneous combustion.
The second the alarm bell went off, the kids in the room scurried around in panic.
After he turned the key, the car engine ignited.
The centre of the city of Hamburg has been flooded.
Well okay, I'll help.
The dogs have sharp teeth.
Sami was brought up in a religious environment.
Sami was a very energetic man.
Sami doesn't gamble.
The sexually immoral will be punished.
New England is full of small historic towns.
Sami is happy to call Leon, Florida, home.
Sami lived in a safe place.
There were always children around Sami.
Sami was a straight-A student.
Sami loved to dance and sing.
Sami was the life of the party.
Sami always had a bright smile.
Sami hasn't been hearing from Layla for six days.
This doesn't sound like Sami.
Sami was on a couch.
Sami was lying on a sofa.
Sami found Layla's baby in its crib.
Sami is up to the challenge.
No one has heard from Sami since Friday morning.
Sami and Layla spent the entire evening at home, watching television.
The police came across an interesting find.
The detectives may just be barking up the wrong tree.
Sami's DNA didn't match that found under Layla's fingernails.
The police cast their net wide.
Do you have a phone at home?
Do you have a landline?
Do you have a home phone?
What time did you get home at?
What time did you get home?
"Hello? Mom?" "Yes, Sami." "Is Dad home?" "Yes." "Can I talk to him?" "He's taking a shower." "Mom?" "Yes, sweetheart." "I have something important to tell you. It's very important." "Yes?" "You need to be very strong, OK?" "Yes, what is it?" "Something terrible happened to Farid." "What?!" "Mom? Hello? Are you still there?" "Oh, my God!" "Mom... Mom... Farid is dead." "Oh, my God!" "Mom... I'm sorry, Mom, I'm really sorry."
How are ye?
How're you getting on?
Sami's loose lips almost sank the investigation.
Sami's closet was rummaged through.
The police found foreign DNA at the scene of the crime.
After Sami's arrest, life here got back to normal.
Sami chose a life of crime.
Sami is a convicted sex offender.
Sami knew his goose was cooked.
This slum is growing like a weed.
Layla was hoping to find a Prince Charming in Cairo.
Sami made fast friends wherever he went.
Sami was fixing up a condo for a new tenant.
In their old Cairo neighborhood, Sami and Layla were traveling down a memory lane.
Sami was a salient suspect.
Sami checked his shoes for scorpions.
Sami's hopes came to a screeching halt.
Sami was Layla's secret suitor.
Sami was a strong suspect.
Is your family safe?
Sami committed a violent act.
Tom wants to live in a French-speaking country, so he can practice speaking French with native speakers every day.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom was going to burn all the letters he had gotten from Mary, but John told him he shouldn't.
Tom will be mad at Mary when he finds out that she forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom and Mary were still married to each other in October, but I think they are divorced now.
Tom wanted to burn all the letters he had gotten from Mary, but John told him he shouldn't.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
I think Tom will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said Mary should've lied to John about where she'd spent her summer vacation.
Tom said Mary was tired of eating out and that she wanted to eat dinner at home.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary had a long discussion about what they wanted to do in the future.
While Tom was out having a good time, Mary stayed at home cleaning the house.
Tom said Mary was tempted to eat the last piece of cake, but left it for him.
Tom is going to be grumpy all day, since he didn't get much sleep last night.
Tom and Mary fell in love and got married before they graduated from college.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to buy everything he needed.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring, even though he's not married anymore.
Tom convinced Mary to come over to his place and help him with his homework.
Tom and Mary went to an expensive restaurant to celebrate their anniversary.
Tom and Mary weren't able to eat the spicy food that John made for dinner.
If you stand over in that corner, Tom won't likely even notice you're here.
Tom will go to prison for a crime he didn't commit if you don't confess.
Tom saw Mary's car in his driveway and wondered why she'd come to visit.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom knew Mary would sit with John, but he was hoping she'd sit with him.
Tom is afraid that Mary might eat his lunch if he leaves it on his desk.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted him to buy for her.
Tom and Mary were on the porch earlier. I don't know where they are now.
Tom said he thought he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom knew that Mary was hungry, but he didn't offer her anything to eat.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if he doesn't pass his driver's test.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
Tom and Mary want to get married as soon as they graduate from college.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had spilled coffee on his computer.
Tom says that Mary wants to eat at that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom says he won't be able to buy what he needs unless I lend him $300.
Tom said that Mary wants to eat at that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom is probably going to buy his mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom is probably going to be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom drove to Boston in a car that he borrowed from one of his friends.
Tom called Mary and asked her if she wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom worked hard to make sure his children had everything they needed.
Tom will be upset when he finds out that Mary forgot to pay the rent.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to help me wax the floors today.
Tom said that Mary was the one who was responsible for what happened.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said he thought I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom intended to walk home, but it started raining, so he took a taxi.
Tom and Mary were just as surprised to see us as we were to see them.
Tom and Mary spent the afternoon talking about what they wanted to do.
Tom used to kiss Mary goodbye every morning, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom told Mary she could order anything off the menu that she wanted.
Tom thought he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said that he wasn't very pleased with the way things turned out.
Tom said that Mary is the one who was responsible for what happened.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom is very young, so he doesn't really understand what's happening.
Tom is likely going to be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom is going to eventually figure out that it was Mary who did that.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom has been waiting for Mary in the lobby for the past three hours.
Tom did everything he could to make Mary's stay in Boston enjoyable.
Tom won't likely be able to buy everything he needs here in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to buy her any more jewelry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably be willing to do that.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating with John in the school cafeteria.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to eat the stew if he put carrots in it.
Tom is probably going to feel better once he gets something to eat.
Tom is probably going to be cold if he doesn't wear a heavier coat.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if Mary doesn't come to visit.
Tom found Mary's diary hidden behind some other books on the shelf.
Tom and Mary were talking on the phone with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary spent the afternoon reminiscing about their childhood.
Tom and Mary have known each other since they were in kindergarten.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't eat the moldy bread on the table.
Tom says he doesn't think he can buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom said that he was very glad that that was going to happen.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to buy everything he needed for $300.
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said he thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he thought I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary did that the way she did.
Tom is going to just have to ask Mary to do that for us, isn't he?
Tom is going to eventually do that, but probably not anytime soon.
Tom is going to be heartbroken when he finds out his dog has died.
Tom is better prepared this time, so he should be able to do that.
Tom called Mary's friends, thinking they might know where she was.
Tom asked me to teach him how to play a few chords on the ukulele.
Mary and her boyfriend often hang out with Tom and his girlfriend.
Tom wrote Mary an email saying he wouldn't get home until Monday.
Tom would probably have done something about that if he could've.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but he never showed up.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to help us today.
Tom taught me how to play poker when we were both in high school.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he was very pleased with the way things turned out.
Tom said he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he thought he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary seemed reluctant to eat what he had cooked for her.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom has been sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Tom doesn't think Mary will eat the salad if it has onions in it.
Tom didn't think Mary would eat the salad if it had onions in it.
Tom advised Mary not to eat the mushrooms she found in the woods.
Tom's secretary called and told me he wanted to see me tomorrow.
Tom warned Mary not to eat the mushrooms she found in the woods.
Tom told Mary that he thought her boyfriend was already married.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston, but she was actually in Chicago.
Tom says he needs to finish what he's doing before he can leave.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't eat any of the food in the refrigerator.
Tom noticed Mary's shoes were muddy, but he didn't say anything.
Tom knows that he needs to do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom just closed his eyes and tried to ignore what was happening.
Tom isn't the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom wants to buy my old saxophone that I'm not using anymore.
Tom is thinking about buying that old restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom is probably going to be making more money than me this year.
Tom is going to try to convince you to stay for a few more days.
Tom didn't want to pay that much for eggs, so he didn't buy any.
Tom and Mary got married soon after they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary got married as soon as they graduated from college.
Neither Tom nor Mary kissed their children goodbye this morning.
What textbook does Tom use when he teaches French to beginners?
Tom wondered if Mary would eat the potato salad that he'd made.
Tom was one the first people Mary met when she moved to Boston.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Sami's DNA was found at the crime scene.
Sami's DNA was found in Layla's car.
I side with the DNA evidence.
Sami was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
I think that the investigators are barking up the wrong tree.
Before you be my friend, the world lacked nothing; after you depart, the world will lack nothing.
Let our action never contradict what we have said.
Could you quickly thread this needle for me?
The thick material bent the needle of my sewing machine.
I'm currently reading a quite thick book.
Mama seems to have started with French.
I like every fish except for eels.
I like every fish except for this one.
She's not at home.
In your gaze I recognize myself.
Carole has been studying Spanish for three years.
Mary has been studying veterinary medicine for three years.
I've been working here for a few years.
I've been working here for several years.
I've been working here for many years.
Mary had known her for many years.
He's been working as a teacher for twenty years.
Tom's been kneading the dough for fifteen minutes.
Tom has spent the past fifteen minutes kneading dough.
There is a crowd of people in front of the town hall.
She sat at the window.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
There is a village beyond the hill.
At present, he is on holiday.
Do you want to watch this TV programme?
No government can be long secure without formidable opposition.
I will not believe it unless and until he tells me so.
The French are staying in the hotel just over there.
I respect him as a writer and as a man.
The child has picked a hole in his new jumper.
I will take the beefsteak.
She must answer for her actions.
Until July, every odd month has thirty-one days. As of August, every even-numbered month has thirty-one days.
I've trained my whole life for this.
Can't you shut your trap for a few minutes?
Please tell me this is a joke.
Regina is a nurse for mental patients.
The shelter offered us only insufficient protection from the storm.
So let's plant an apple tree. It's about time.
Destiny decides who will step into your life, but you decide who stays.
I'm currently reading quite a thick book.
He alone was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory!
Only he was capable of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory!
The young witch was casting a spell, when Tom rushed towards her, grabbed her, and interrupted the ritual with a passionate kiss on her mouth.
I was just leaving, when the telephone rang.
The aeroplane was just taking off.
This house has been gathering dust for who knows how many years.
Once upon a time there were two girls who lived with their mother and father.
Their father had no work, and the girls wanted to go away and seek their fortunes.
So she went on farther into the country, and she came to a place where there was an oven where there was lots of bread baking. And the bread said, "Little girl, little girl, take us out, take us out. We have been baking seven years, and no one has come to take us out."
Then she met a cow, and the cow said, "Little girl, little girl, milk me, milk me! Seven years have I been waiting, and no one has come to milk me."
The girl milked the cow into the pails that stood by.
Then she went on a little bit farther, and came to an apple-tree, so loaded with fruit that its branches were breaking down, and the tree said, "Little girl, little girl, help me shake my fruit. My branches are breaking, it is so heavy." And the girl said, "Of course I will, you poor tree."
Then she went on again till she came to a house. Now in this house there lived a witch, and this witch took girls into her house as servants.
The witch told the girl what work she was to do. "You must keep the house clean and tidy, sweep the floor and the fireplace; but there is one thing you must never do. You must never look up the chimney, or something bad will befall you."
So the girl promised to do as she was told, but one morning as she was cleaning, and the witch was out, she forgot what the witch said, and looked up the chimney.
Apple-tree, apple-tree hide me, So the old witch can't find me; If she does she'll pick my bones, And bury me under the marble stones.
So the baker said, "Look in the oven." The old witch went to look, and the oven said, "Get in and look in the furthest corner." The witch did so, and when she was inside the oven shut her door, and the witch was kept there for a very long time.
The girl then went off again, and reached her home with her money bags, married a rich man, and lived happy ever afterwards.
Do you remember that girl I talked to you about?
Do you remember that guy I talked to you about?
I asked her if she wanted to go out and she said yes.
The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden there came through the open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more delicate perfume of the pink-flowering thorn.
I promise not to tell.
Is there anyone you didn't tell?
Aren't you just a little bit curious?
Aren't you even a little bit curious?
It is unacceptable that most of the wealth of this great nation is concentrated in the hands of a very wealthy few, while so many others have to work two or even more jobs just to make ends meet. It is high time there was some change in this country.
We cannot continue to allow wealthy and powerful elites to push the rest of us around.
Islam is a threat.
Atheism is a threat.
Christianity is a threat.
Heresy is a threat.
Judaism is a threat.
Religion is a threat.
Religion is dangerous.
Islam is dangerous.
Atheism is dangerous.
Hinduism is dangerous.
Hinduism is a threat.
Christianity is dangerous.
Judaism is dangerous.
Do you hyperventilate?
Be careful not to hyperventilate.
Try not to hyperventilate.
Most people know us as Mormons.
Sami was a bishop.
Sami wanted to serve the Lord.
Like most teenagers, Sami felt invincible.
Just rest now.
Sami still felt very weak.
Sami still felt dizzy.
Sami is one of my guys.
Sami worked with ex-convicts to help them establish a new life.
Sami loves people.
Sami gave Layla a hug.
The hug Sami gave Layla changed his life.
I want to keep you for ever.
I would never go against the will of the Lord.
Layla was intimidated by Sami.
You and me are both married.
One day, I might fall in love.
I'll be outside. Call when you need me.
Sami did that because he liked Layla.
Sami feels better when Layla does this to him.
Sami gave Layla a massage.
Sami said that the matter was extremely urgent.
Sami was outside, checking things.
Sami wanted to find out what happened at the clinic.
Sami thought that this had something to do with the matter.
Sami is only snooping around.
Sami was at the site this morning.
Sami can stay.
I don't see why you should leave.
If you don't need me, I have work to do.
Why are you here instead of working?
Sami seemed really concerned about Layla.
Sami was here this morning.
Take the flowers into the kitchen.
I've got a secret to tell you.
Sami's own life is a complete disaster.
Sami's life isn't your problem.
I didn't come here to discuss my private life.
I'm tired of these games of yours. I'm done here.
You can't quit this company.
You're simply an employee.
I'm sorry to call you on your mobile, but I have something very important to tell you.
My life is chaos.
The clinic director is Sami.
I don't think I can ever forget you.
God hasn't abandoned us.
May God repay you with His grace.
We're just a ball and chain for Sami.
Sami thought Layla was unfaithful, but he was mistaken.
Are you taking the mickey?
Are you taking the micket our of me?
Sami is a real nightmare.
Let's enjoy what the good Lord has given us.
Mother Superior sent me to tell you that dinner is ready.
Sami came back from the conference.
Sami had a meeting with another person.
"This is a picture of my daughter Layla." "She's beautiful." "She was." "Oh, I'm sorry."
I should have died in that car accident.
I would have been better off dead.
"I can't believe this." "You can't believe what?"
I have never met a woman like you before.
You need to understand.
My life doesn't make sense anymore.
Sami can't help you to find Layla.
I don't even know who to ask to help me.
Sami can't stay here any longer.
"I'm like any other woman." "That's where you're wrong."
"You're unique." "We're all unique."
Now I understand why Sami is crazy about you.
You're a very special person and you're beautiful.
I suggest that you control your impulses.
Don't I even get a goodnight kiss?
We don't know each other well.
Sami is the one who caused all the trouble at the clinic.
If I told you to see a pyschiatrist, this doesn't mean that I think you're deranged.
Sami went through all of that and he managed to recover.
Why are you so rarely home for dinner?
"Have you been cheating on me?" "Yes, I'm cheating on you, then what?"
Let's feed the monsters.
Something smells nice.
Control your appetite, because if you don't, you would become enormous.
You smell so wonderful.
Did you miss Mommy?
"What's this?" "For you." "Oh, thank you!"
"What's this?" "Some flowers for you."
I have seen what a great job you have been doing with the children.
Nothing much to report.
Sami missed up the romantic moment.
Sami doesn't even look in Layla's direction.
Sami lived on a boat.
Kiss me again like you did a moment ago.
"Do it again." "What?" "Kiss me again."
"Where were you?" "At a meeting." "A meeting at the beach with Sami?"
I love you more than you know.
Certain people on the street do not smile at all.
The hometown of my boyfriend is the same as mine.
My boyfriend told me to wait for him there.
Regine is already dead.
John Paolo's girlfriend is already dead.
Who's your favourite football player?
Death motivates me to live.
Sometimes I wonder what it's all about.
I tried to stare blankly out the window as the other transit passengers looked around in disbelief.
This sword endows you with great power.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotion know what it means to want to escape from these things.
Don't you see in me reflections of your being?
Poetry is born of pain. Joy is an end in itself.
Poetry is the echo of the melody of the universe in the hearts of humans.
Are you planning on telling Mary why you want her to do that?
Are you planning to tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Are you planning on telling Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Are you planning to tell Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Are you sure Mary said she was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you sure Mary said she was planning to do that tomorrow?
Did Mary say she planned on doing that?
Did Mary say she planned to do that?
Do you remember when Mary said she was planning on doing that?
Do you remember when Mary said she was planning to do that?
How long did Mary say she planned on staying with us?
How long did Mary say she planned to stay with us?
I asked Mary what time she was planning on leaving.
I asked Mary what time she was planning to leave.
I asked Mary when she was planning to go to Boston.
I asked Mary when she was planning on going to Boston.
I asked Mary why she wasn't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked Mary why she wasn't planning on going to Boston with us.
I didn't ask Mary who she was planning to go to Boston with.
I didn't ask Mary who she was planning on going to Boston with.
I thought Mary said she was planning on doing that.
I thought Mary said she was planning to do that.
I thought Mary said she wasn't planning on doing that.
I thought Mary said she wasn't planning to do that.
I thought Mary said she wasn't planning on staying.
I thought Mary said she wasn't planning to stay.
I want you to find out if Mary is planning to come here by herself.
I want you to find out if Mary is planning on coming here by herself.
I was surprised when Mary said she was planning to go to Boston.
I was surprised when Mary said she was planning on going to Boston.
I'm pretty sure Mary said she was planning on doing that.
I'm pretty sure Mary said she was planning to do that.
I'm pretty sure Mary said she wasn't planning on doing that.
I'm pretty sure Mary said she wasn't planning to do that.
I'm sure Mary said she was planning on doing that.
I'm sure Mary said she was planning to do that.
I'm sure Mary said she wasn't planning on doing that.
I'm sure Mary said she wasn't planning to do that.
Is Mary planning on doing that by herself?
Is Mary planning to do that by herself?
Is Mary planning on staying at home all day by herself?
Is Mary planning to stay at home all day by herself?
Mary asked me to tell you she didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
Mary asked me to tell you she didn't plan to go to Boston with you.
Mary claims she didn't know that Tom was planning on doing that.
Mary claims she didn't know that Tom was planning to do that.
Mary could be planning on doing that by herself.
Mary could be planning to do that by herself.
Mary could be planning on going there by herself.
Mary could be planning to go there by herself.
Mary didn't say how she was planning to get there.
Mary didn't say how she was planning on getting there.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom was planning on doing.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom was planning to do.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was planning on doing.
Mary didn't tell me she planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until I tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until I tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until Tom tells her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until Tom tells her to.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until you tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until you tell her to.
Mary doesn't really plan on doing that, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan on staying up all night, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan to stay up all night, does she?
Mary had planned on staying yesterday, but Tom told her to leave.
Mary had planned to stay yesterday, but Tom told her to leave.
Mary hadn't planned on kissing Tom, but she did.
Mary hadn't planned to kiss Tom, but she did.
Mary has already told me she doesn't plan on doing that.
Mary has already told me she doesn't plan to do that.
Mary has told me she's planning on doing that.
Mary has told me she's planning to do that.
Mary has told me she's planning on staying where she is.
Mary has told me she's planning to stay where she is.
Mary has told Tom she doesn't plan on doing that.
Mary has told Tom she doesn't plan to do that.
Mary has told Tom she doesn't plan to stay at home all day.
Mary has told Tom she doesn't plan on staying at home all day.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning on doing that.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning to do that.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning on staying in Boston.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning to stay in Boston.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning on staying.
Mary hasn't told me where she's planning to stay.
Mary insisted she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary insisted she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary is planning on staying there as long as she can.
Mary is planning to stay there as long as she can.
Mary is planning to go to Boston next week, isn't she?
Mary is planning on going to Boston next week, isn't she?
Mary isn't planning on doing that by herself.
Mary isn't planning to do that by herself.
Mary isn't really planning on doing that, is she?
Mary isn't really planning to do that, is she?
Mary isn't really planning on staying here all day, is she?
Mary isn't really planning to stay here all day, is she?
Mary isn't really planning to eat all that by herself, is she?
Mary isn't really planning on eating all that by herself, is she?
Mary let me know that she planned on doing that.
Mary let me know that she planned to do that.
Mary let me know that she was planning on doing that.
Mary let me know that she was planning to do that.
Mary let me know that she was planning on staying in Boston for three weeks.
Mary let me know that she was planning to stay in Boston for three weeks.
Mary let me know that she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary let me know that she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary let me know that she wasn't planning to stay very long.
Mary let me know that she wasn't planning on staying very long.
Mary planned on doing that by herself.
Mary planned to do that by herself.
Mary planned on going by herself.
Mary planned to go by herself.
Mary planned on staying at home by herself.
Mary planned to stay at home by herself.
Mary said she didn't plan on doing that.
Mary said she didn't plan to do that.
Mary said she didn't plan on going with us.
Mary said she didn't plan to go with us.
Mary said she didn't plan to go to Tom's concert.
Mary said she didn't plan on going to Tom's concert.
Mary said she doesn't plan on being there.
Mary said she doesn't plan to be there.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that again.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that by herself.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that by herself.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that here.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that here.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that this weekend.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that this weekend.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that.
Mary said she doesn't plan to do that.
Mary said she doesn't plan on going by herself.
Mary said she doesn't plan to go by herself.
Mary said she doesn't plan on going there anytime soon.
Mary said she doesn't plan to go there anytime soon.
Mary said she doesn't plan on going with us this weekend.
Mary said she doesn't plan to go with us this weekend.
Mary said she doesn't plan on going.
Mary said she doesn't plan to go.
Mary said she doesn't plan on staying here all day.
Mary said she doesn't plan to stay here all day.
Mary said she doesn't plan on staying with us this weekend.
Mary said she doesn't plan to stay with us this weekend.
Mary said she had already planned on doing that for us.
Mary said she had already planned to do that for us.
Mary said she isn't planning on doing that.
Mary said she isn't planning to do that.
Mary said she isn't planning on going.
Mary said she isn't planning to go.
Mary said she isn't planning on staying very long.
Mary said she isn't planning to stay very long.
Mary said she knew what Tom was planning on doing.
Mary said she knew what Tom was planning to do.
Mary said she planned on doing that Monday.
Mary said she planned on doing on Monday.
Mary said she planned on doing that on Monday.
Mary said she planned on doing that.
Mary said she planned to do that.
Mary said she planned on going Monday.
Mary said she planned to get home on Monday.
Mary said she planned on going on Monday.
Mary said she planned to go Monday.
Mary said she planned to go on Monday.
Mary said she planned on going.
Mary said she planned to go.
Mary said she planned on staying until next Monday.
Mary said she planned to stay until next Monday.
Mary said she planned on staying where she was.
Mary said she planned to stay where she was.
Mary said she planned to do that Monday.
Mary said she planned to do that on Monday.
Mary said she planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
Mary said she planned on going to the meeting on Monday.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom planned on doing.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom planned to do.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom was planning on doing.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom was planning to do.
Mary said she thought Tom was planning on going to Boston with her.
Mary said she thought Tom was planning to go to Boston with her.
Mary said she was planning on doing that in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was planning to do that in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was planning on going in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was planning to go in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was planning on staying in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was planning to stay in Boston next summer.
Mary said she was unable to do everything she'd planned to do.
Mary said she wasn't able to do everything she'd planned to do.
Mary said she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary said she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary said she wasn't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Mary said she wasn't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
Mary said she wasn't planning on going.
Mary said she wasn't planning to go.
Mary said she wasn't planning to go to Boston next week.
Mary said she wasn't planning on going to Boston next week.
Mary said she wasn't planning to go to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Mary said she wasn't planning on going to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Mary said she'd never planned to stay that long.
Mary said she's not planning on staying very long.
Mary said she's not planning on doing that.
Mary said she's not planning to do that.
Mary said she's not planning on going.
Mary said she's not planning to go.
Mary said she's not planning to stay very long.
Mary said she's planning on doing that.
Mary said she's planning to do that.
Mary said she's planning on going, too.
Mary said she's planning to go, too.
Mary said she's planning on staying at home all day.
Mary said she's planning to stay at home all day.
Mary said that she didn't really plan on doing that.
Mary said that she didn't really plan to do that.
Mary said that she was planning on getting there early.
Mary said that she was planning to get there early.
Mary said that she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't planning on staying very long.
Mary said that she wasn't planning to stay very long.
Mary said that she'd never planned on living in Boston for so long.
Mary said that she'd never planned to live in Boston for so long.
Mary says she didn't plan on doing that.
Mary says she didn't plan to do that.
Mary says she didn't plan on going home early.
Mary says she didn't plan to go home early.
Mary says she didn't plan on staying so long.
Mary says she didn't plan to stay so long.
Mary says she doesn't know when Tom is planning on doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know when Tom is planning to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know when Tom is planning on going to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know when Tom is planning to go to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning on doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom is planning on doing that with.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom is planning to do that with.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom is planning to go with.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom is planning on going with.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom is planning on doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom is planning to do that.
Mary says she doesn't plan on being there.
Mary says she doesn't plan to be there.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that again.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that here.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that here.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that this week.
Mary says she doesn't plan on doing that.
Mary says she doesn't plan to do that.
Mary says she doesn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Mary says she doesn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Mary says she doesn't plan on going back there again.
Mary says she doesn't plan to go back there again.
Mary says she doesn't plan on going by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan to go by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan on going there by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan to go there by herself.
Mary says she doesn't plan on going this week.
Mary says she doesn't plan to go this week.
Mary says she doesn't plan on staying here much longer.
Mary says she doesn't plan to stay here much longer.
Mary says she isn't planning on doing that again.
Mary says she isn't planning to do that again.
Mary says she isn't planning on doing that anymore.
Mary says she isn't planning to do that anymore.
Mary says she isn't planning on doing that tomorrow.
Mary says she isn't planning to do that tomorrow.
Mary says she isn't planning on doing that.
Mary says she isn't planning to do that.
Mary says she isn't planning on going anywhere.
Mary says she isn't planning to go anywhere.
Mary says she isn't planning on going there again.
Mary says she isn't planning to go there again.
Mary says she isn't planning on going tomorrow.
Mary says she isn't planning to go tomorrow.
Mary says she isn't planning on going.
Mary says she isn't planning to go.
Mary says she isn't planning on staying inside all day.
Mary says she isn't planning to stay inside all day.
Mary says she's not planning on doing that anymore.
Mary says she's not planning to do that anymore.
Mary says she's not planning on doing that tomorrow.
Mary says she's not planning to do that tomorrow.
Mary says she's not planning on doing that.
Mary says she's not planning to do that.
Mary says she's not planning on going anymore.
Mary says she's not planning to go anymore.
Mary says she's not planning on going tomorrow.
Mary says she's not planning to go tomorrow.
Mary says she's not planning on going.
Mary says she's not planning to go.
Mary says she's not planning on staying here all winter.
Mary says she's not planning to stay here all winter.
Mary says she's planning on attending our party.
Mary says she's planning to attend our party.
Mary says she's planning on doing that tomorrow.
Mary says she's planning to do that tomorrow.
Mary says she's planning on doing that.
Mary says she's planning to do that.
Mary says she's planning on going to Boston with Tom.
Mary says she's planning to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary says she's planning on going tomorrow.
Mary says she's planning to go tomorrow.
Mary says she's planning on going.
Mary says she's planning to go.
Mary says she's still planning on doing that.
Mary says she's still planning to do that.
Mary says she's still planning on going.
Mary says she's still planning to go.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what Tom was planning on doing.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what Tom was planning to do.
Mary told me she planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Mary told me she planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary told me she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't planning on eating out today.
Mary told me she wasn't planning to eat out today.
Mary told me she wasn't planning on going.
Mary told me she wasn't planning to go.
Mary told me she wasn't planning on staying very long.
Mary told me she wasn't planning to stay very long.
Mary told me where she was planning on doing that.
Mary told me where she was planning to do that.
Mary told me where she was planning on going.
Mary told me where she was planning to go.
Mary told me where she was planning on staying.
Mary told me where she was planning to stay.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan on doing that.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan on going with him.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan to go with him.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan on going.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan to go.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan on staying very long.
Mary told Tom she didn't plan to stay very long.
Mary told Tom she was planning on doing that.
Mary told Tom she was planning to do that.
Mary told Tom she was planning on going.
Mary told Tom she was planning to go.
Mary told Tom she was planning on staying in Boston until October.
Mary told Tom she was planning to stay in Boston until October.
Mary told Tom that she was planning on doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was planning to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was planning on going.
Mary told Tom that she was planning to go.
Mary told Tom that she was planning on staying in Boston until October.
Mary told Tom that she was planning to stay in Boston until October.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning on doing that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning on going.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning to go.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning on staying in Boston very long.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't planning to stay in Boston very long.
Mary told Tom what she was planning on doing.
Mary told Tom what she was planning to do.
Mary wasn't planning on doing that until Tom asked her to.
Mary wasn't planning to do that until Tom asked her to.
Mary wasn't planning on going until Tom asked her to.
Mary wasn't planning to go until Tom asked her to.
When were you planning on telling Mary that she has to work late on Monday?
When were you planning to tell Mary that she has to work late on Monday?
Mary always wanted to be a doctor, but her grades at school weren't quite good enough to get her into medical school.
Since Mary doesn't understand French, we speak French when we don't want her to understand what we're talking about.
If Mary had been able to speak French better, she would've been able to tell everybody how she really felt.
If Mary would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like her a bit more.
Mary asked Tom a few questions that he couldn't answer, but he was able to answer most of her questions.
I think Mary will be able to buy a pair of ice skates her size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Mary may be able to buy the kind of shoes she's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
I tried to persuade Mary to come to Boston with us, but she said she had other things she had to do.
Mary said nothing would make her happier than to spend the summer in Boston with her grandparents.
Mary wondered how many times she'd have to tell Tom to clean his room before he finally did it.
Mary didn't know what language Tom's friends were speaking, but she thought it might be French.
Mary burned herself badly when she took the pie pan out of the oven without using an oven mitt.
I told Mary that I thought Tom was in Boston, but she said that she thought Tom was in Chicago.
Most people who hear Mary speaking French would never guess that she wasn't a native speaker.
Mary would've liked to attend Tom's party. Unfortunately, she had other things she had to do.
Mary wanted to show Tom how to do that, so next time he could do it and she wouldn't have to.
Are you going to tell Mary that she can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell her?
You should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary didn't think Tom would be at school last Monday, so she was surprised when she saw him.
I wanted Mary to stay in Boston for a few days, but she said she had to get back to Chicago.
The bartender walked over to where Mary was sitting and asked her what she wanted to drink.
You should probably tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary kept tailgating the car in front of us even though I told her it was unsafe to do so.
Mary got some money from Tom and went to the supermarket to buy what he wanted her to buy.
Mary doesn't like Tom. However, he doesn't particularly care whether she likes him or not.
I wanted to show Mary how to do that, so next time she could do it and I wouldn't have to.
When Mary comes to Boston, she usually stays at a hotel, but sometimes she stays with us.
We were worried that Mary might not make friends in Boston, but she seems to be doing OK.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for her if she could find anybody else to do it for her.
Mary wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told her not to.
Mary picked up the guitar and started to play the song Tom taught her when she was a kid.
I think Mary might recognize Tom, even though it's been a long time since she's seen him.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for her if she could find anyone else to do it for her.
Mary got out of the bathtub and dried herself with the new towel that Tom had given her.
Mary didn't have her phone with her, so she couldn't call Tom to tell him she'd be late.
I told Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless she lent me $30.
I think the reason Mary is so good at French is that she watches a lot of French movies.
Sooner or later, someone's going to have to tell Mary that she needs to behave herself.
Mary still rides the bicycle that her parents gave her when she was thirteen years old.
Mary needed to store her stuff somewhere, so I told her she could put it in our garage.
Mary claims she doesn't watch much TV, but she watches more than three hours every day.
You should probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince Tom to do that.
Mary wasn't able to be here to meet you herself, so she asked me to come in her place.
Mary wants Tom to know that if he ever needs help, all he has to do is ask her for it.
Mary wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days, but she had to get back to Chicago.
Mary thinks that if she had done that earlier, she could've avoided a lot of problems.
Mary said she was going to do that the day before yesterday, but she didn't have time.
Mary is looking for someone to help her translate a document from French into English.
I think Mary understands that if she wants my help, all she needs to do is ask for it.
I don't know what else Mary told you, but I do know she doesn't always tell the truth.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Mary said she thought it would be dangerous for Tom to walk home by himself at night.
Mary doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see her wearing the same thing.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Did you know that Mary didn't start playing the guitar until she was thirty year old?
Mary's parents allow her to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to move the sofa without his help.
Mary suggested that since Tom didn't want to go, she should just stay home with him.
Mary started to sit where she usually sits, but Tom asked her to sit somewhere else.
Mary said she thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Tom what had happened.
Mary lets Tom sing with her band sometimes, even though he's not a very good singer.
Mary has some things she has to do tomorrow morning before she can leave for Boston.
Mary didn't know where Tom was going, but she'd a good idea where he might be going.
I should probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I may not know a lot, but I do know that Mary doesn't know what she's talking about.
"Are you going to do that?" "Yes, I will" "How about Mary?" "No, she won't do that."
You should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary told Tom that she was in Boston last weekend, but she was actually in Chicago.
Mary says she didn't know Tom thought it would be a good idea to help John do that.
Mary said she thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Tom what had happened.
Mary said she thought it wouldn't be safe for Tom to walk home by himself at night.
If you could tell me when Mary will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick her up.
Mary wants me to call Tom and make it clear that she never wants to see him again.
Mary says she knows Tom won't want to go sailing unless she goes sailing with him.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be required to do that until she turned eighteen.
Mary realized she didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Eventually, someone's going to have to tell Mary that she needs to behave herself.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Mary, I ran into her in front of the library.
As it turned out, Mary was able to do what she thought she wouldn't be able to do.
You should tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary said that she wouldn't be allowed to do that until she's eighteen years old.
Mary said Tom thought she might be required to do that the next time she travels.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Mary promised Tom that she'd pay back all the money that she'd borrowed from him.
Mary managed to escape from the room where her kidnappers had kept her locked up.
Mary has been told to do that more than three times and she still hasn't done it.
I'll do whatever has to be done to make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
The computer that Mary's father gave her when she was thirteen is still working.
Mary's mother used to wash her clothes for her, but now she washes them herself.
Mary's father made her practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we have to ask someone to help her.
Mary was already drinking her third beer before Tom had even finished his first.
Mary told me that Tom was the one who stole my bicycle, but I don't believe her.
Tom's German is quite good.
Mary said she thought it would be dangerous for Tom to walk home alone at night.
Mary is able to understand French fairly well, but she doesn't speak it so well.
Mary could've been finished doing that by now if she hadn't wasted so much time.
Mary called Tom to tell him that she might need his help later in the afternoon.
I'll get in touch with Mary by telephone tomorrow and ask her to give us a hand.
I imagine that Mary will eventually figure out that Tom doesn't really like her.
Mary wouldn't have been able to get her homework done if Tom hadn't helped her.
Mary wanted to tell Tom where she hid the gold coins, but John told her not to.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who knew what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she thought Tom would need at least $to buy everything he needed.
Mary did what Tom asked her to do, but she didn't do what John asked her to do.
Mary could've been finished doing that by 2:if she'd worked a little faster.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she won't be going to Boston with him.
Just because Mary said she didn't do that doesn't mean that she didn't do that.
I expect that Mary will wait until Tom gets there before she starts doing that.
Do you think Mary really intends to drink that whole bottle of wine by herself?
We waited for Mary at the library for thirty minutes, but she never showed up.
Mary would've been thirty years old today if she hadn't passed away last year.
Mary won't be able to do it by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to do that without his help.
Mary says that she won't be allowed to do that until she's eighteen years old.
Mary says she's the best French speaker in our class, but I don't believe her.
Mary said that she won't be allowed to do that until she's eighteen years old.
Mary said she thought it wouldn't be safe for Tom to walk home alone at night.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Mary knew she didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I told Mary that she should stop telling everyone that she could speak French.
I think it's highly unlikely that Mary will eat the sandwich you made for her.
You should tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince Tom to do that.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that?
The flight attendant shook Mary awake and told her that the plane had landed.
Since Mary was speaking in French, I couldn't understand what she was saying.
Mary's changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize her if you saw her.
Mary was surprised how much Tom had grown since the last time she'd seen him.
Mary told me to tell you that she appreciates everything you've done for her.
Mary told me she found an interesting book about Boston at the local library.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Mary says she wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time to do it.
Mary said she regrets not studying French harder when she was in high school.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom not to tell her parents about the accident.
Mary asked Tom to tell her about the house he'd lived in when he was a child.
If Mary spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand her better.
I knew that Mary was a guitarist, but I'd never heard her play until tonight.
I don't think Mary knows how much time it'll take for her to paint her house.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
The last time I spoke to Mary, she said she wasn't planning to go to Boston.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we need to ask Tom to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we have to ask Tom to help her.
Mary watched as Tom took a bite out of the sandwich she'd just made for him.
Mary wanted to hire us both, but her boss would only let her hire one of us.
Mary says she knows Tom won't want to do that unless she does that with him.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom to try to convince John to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Tom.
Mary said she wanted to drop in on some old friends while she was in Boston.
Mary realized Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that if she didn't help him.
Mary made a promise to herself that she'd never make the same mistake again.
Mary knows she'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Tom does.
Mary decided to go ahead and ask Tom the question she'd been wanting to ask.
Mary bought a new camera for Tom to replace the one she'd borrowed and lost.
Mary began to look for a job three months before she graduated from college.
Mary asked Tom many times to let her go home early, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she's not going to be at his party.
I told Mary it would be dangerous to do that, but she still wanted to do it.
The only reason Mary did that was because everybody else in her family did.
Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if she could've done that by herself.
Mary would probably still be in Boston if she didn't have to be in Chicago.
Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately she doesn't have enough time.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be quicker at doing that than John.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't faster at doing that than Alice.
Mary said to meet her at the little restaurant across from the post office.
Mary said that she wanted to move to Boston because that's where Tom lives.
Mary said she'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
Mary said she wouldn't have done that if she'd thought it wasn't necessary.
Mary said she thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Mary said she thought Tom needed at least $to buy everything he needed.
Mary said she thought Tom might be permitted to do that when he gets older.
Mary said she didn't know when she was supposed to meet Tom at the airport.
Mary said she didn't know that eventually Tom was going to want to do that.
Mary said Tom knew he might be permitted to do that if she did it with him.
Mary made herself a cup of hot chocolate, but didn't have time to drink it.
Mary has gotten better at playing the clarinet since I last heard her play.
Mary has come back to Boston every summer since she graduated from college.
Mary had to read the sign on the door three times before she understood it.
Mary had a splinter in his finger, so she asked Tom to help her get it out.
They were both young and attractive.
Mary got tired of waiting for Tom, so she went into the museum without him.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her where the party was going to be.
Mary couldn't get any work done because her children kept interrupting her.
It doesn't bother me that Mary is going to be there with her new boyfriend.
If you run into Mary, ask her when Tom is going to get out of the hospital.
I wonder if Mary will wait until we get there before she starts doing that.
I should tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I can't let Mary leave without telling her how much I appreciated her help.
You should probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
The only reason Mary did that was because everyone else in her family did.
Mary's been so busy lately she doesn't know whether she's coming or going.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John would be the next one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she could speak French even though she really couldn't.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that if she didn't have some help.
Mary says she thinks it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom that she'd go to Boston with him.
Mary promised Tom that she'd meet him last night, but she never showed up.
Mary probably hasn't figured out yet that she'll never be able to do that.
Mary poured three glasses of wine, two for her guests and one for herself.
Mary only takes painkillers when she just can't stand the pain any longer.
Mary made it very clear that we were supposed to help her clean the house.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Mary just couldn't stop herself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
Mary is tired of people always telling her that she looks like her mother.
Mary is interested in history, so I'll buy her this book for her birthday.
Mary got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured herself a bowlful.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to not say anything about what happened.
Just because Mary said she didn't do that doesn't mean she didn't do that.
It's hard to believe that Mary wasn't aware that Tom was in love with her.
If I'd known that Mary didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown her how.
I'm pretty sure that Mary has already forgotten what I told her yesterday.
I think I may have to go over to Mary's house and help her this afternoon.
I suppose since Mary doesn't have any money, she won't be able to do that.
You knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself, did you?
Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if she could've done it by herself.
Mary wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't like the puppy she gave him.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help her.
Mary wanted Tom to ask John if he was planning to go to Boston with them.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John had finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she was going to be late for dinner.
Mary speaks French only just a little bit better than she speaks English.
Mary said she wouldn't have gone to Tom's party even if he'd invited her.
Mary said she wanted to tell you how to do that, but Tom told her not to.
Mary said she thought Tom would need at least $to buy what he needed.
Mary said she thought Tom might be allowed to do that when he gets older.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary said Tom thought she might not want to do that until it gets cooler.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be required to do that until October.
Mary said Tom knew she might be allowed to do that if he did it with her.
Mary knew Tom didn't want to do that, but she wanted him to do it anyway.
Mary didn't seem to be surprised when I told her about what had happened.
Mary could've gone camping with you if you'd let her know you were going.
I wonder what we should do if Mary doesn't do what we've asked her to do.
I think Mary wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if she weren't so young.
I think Mary could save herself a lot of time by just doing that herself.
You should tell Mary that Tom would prefer it if she'd quit calling him.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she didn't have to do that.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that?
That girl over there is either Mary or someone who looks a lot like her.
Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if she could've done it herself.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd shown her how.
Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately she doesn't have the time.
Mary wondered how many minutes it would take her to run to the bus stop.
Mary wanted to impress her friends, but she just made a fool of herself.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wouldn't be the next one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to do that by herself.
Mary told Tom she wasn't interested in discussing her problems with him.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to buy Tom a birthday present.
Mary said she knew Tom might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
Mary said it was more difficult to do that than she thought it would be.
Mary quit going out with Tom because she didn't like his sense of humor.
Mary mentioned that she and Tom were planning to go to Boston on Monday.
Mary knew that Tom was likely not to be ready when she got to his house.
Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told her about what had happened.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't decide to become a professional singer until she was thirty.
Mary couldn't go to Boston with us because she didn't have enough money.
Mary could've been quicker at doing that than Tom if she'd tried harder.
Mary continued to play her banjo even after everybody asked her to stop.
If Mary had a lot of money, she'd probably buy herself an expensive car.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Mary if you'd visit her in the hospital.
I told Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without her help.
I should probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Even though Mary and I go to the same school, I don't see her every day.
You should at least tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that anymore.
You should at least tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that?
Tom and Mary are young and attractive.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that?
We don't know where Mary is, but we need to find her as soon as we can.
The baritone sax that Mary wanted to buy was way too expensive for her.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if Tom had helped her.
Mary wondered whether she should really give Tom what she'd bought him.
Mary was able to play Mozart on the piano when she was three years old.
Mary wanted Tom to buy her some stamps while he was at the post office.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary told me she planned to visit Tom the next time she went to Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John hadn't finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want to get married until she was thirty.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John would be reluctant to do that.
Mary thought that she was going to be busy all morning, but she wasn't.
Mary should probably not tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary should at least tell Tom that she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary seemed to understand why Tom didn't want to go to Boston with her.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans on doing that this week.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom actually did his homework by himself.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't feel like doing that.
Mary said that she was planning to eat the whole watermelon by herself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom that she was going to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't parked her car in front of Tom's house.
Mary said she thought she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that before she can go home.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Mary said she didn't think it was a good idea to permit Tom to do that.
Mary said it wasn't as difficult to do that as she thought it would be.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary realized she wouldn't likely be able to do that without some help.
Mary realized she didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary probably hasn't figured out yet that she won't be able to do that.
Mary probably doesn't have enough time to do that before she goes home.
Mary might not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think she is.
Mary may have been at the party last night, but I didn't see her there.
Mary knows she'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Tom.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to help her.
Mary knew that Tom wasn't likely to be ready when she got to his house.
Mary isn't the kind of person who would do what you're accusing her of.
Mary has already finished reading the book that Tom gave her yesterday.
Mary doesn't need to bring a lunch. I'll make something for her to eat.
Mary doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary didn't have a chance to visit Tom the last time she was in Boston.
Mary can meet you at the airport if you let her know your arrival time.
Mary asked me to do her a favor. However, I couldn't do what she asked.
Many people who hear Mary speaking French think she's a native speaker.
If Mary had been speaking French, I'd have been able to understand her.
If Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised her not to do that.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't have come this early if Tom hadn't asked her to.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it to her better.
You should probably tell Mary that you can't do that without her help.
You knew that Mary told everyone she was going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself, did you?
You could at least tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if she didn't think you could.
Mary was through doing that by the time Tom offered to help her do it.
Mary tried to sell me her old car, but I told her I wasn't interested.
Mary told Tom that she'd be quitting her job and going back to Boston.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was the first one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was interested in doing that.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she can't do that without his help.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her where the party was going to be.
Mary says she knows Tom could do that if he'd only put his mind to it.
Mary says she doesn't think she'd be able to do that without our help.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that on his own.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that by himself.
Mary said that she wanted to go to Boston, but she didn't tell us why.
Mary said she's glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Mary said she'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Mary said she thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be required to do that by himself.
Mary said she really wanted to be here, but she had to stay in Boston.
Mary said she knew Tom might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needed to do that this morning.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really knows how to do that very well.
Mary said she didn't think it was a good idea to allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that on his own.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that by himself.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to eventually want to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be permitted to do that this week.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary promised herself she'd study French for thirty minutes every day.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom wants her to go to Boston with him.
Mary probably doesn't know she's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary likes to wear black because she thinks it makes her look thinner.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that.
Mary knew I'd be asleep at 2:in the morning, but she called anyway.
Mary has way too much common sense to do what Tom is asking her to do.
Mary has never been to Boston before, so I offered to show her around.
Mary has been living in the woods by herself for the last three years.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her figure out her taxes.
Mary didn't think Tom would enjoy her party, so she didn't invite him.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't want him to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know how to do that, but she was willing to give it a try.
Mary didn't have the courage to refuse to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary decided that she was going to study French for three hours a day.
Mary couldn't find a job she liked in Boston, so she moved to Chicago.
I went to the hospital to visit Mary, but I wasn't allowed to see her.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I think Mary probably isn't as good at doing that as you think she is.
I knew Mary would have to stay in Boston longer than she'd planned to.
I have no reason to believe that Mary won't do what I asked her to do.
I didn't think it would be safe for Mary to go skin diving by herself.
I didn't know whether Mary would be able to do that by herself or not.
Do you want me to tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us?
After Mary explained it in French, she said the same thing in English.
Why don't you just tell Mary you don't want to go to Boston with her?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that?
Both Tom and Mary are young and attractive.
Tom and Mary are both young and attractive.
Should I tell Mary that we don't want to do that unless she helps us?
Mary wrote her phone number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd helped her.
Mary would be here doing that now if she didn't have to be in Boston.
Mary wished that Tom hadn't overheard John and her talking about him.
Mary was glad she didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Mary tried to persuade her father to let her go to Boston by herself.
Mary told me that she thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be the next one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was the last one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John had been tempted to do that.
Mary shouted Tom's name as loud as she could, but he didn't hear her.
Mary says she isn't sure if she can do that, but she says she'll try.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom wants her to meet him in the park.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that next week.
Mary says it makes no difference to her whether Tom does that or not.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom to show John how to do that.
Mary said she wants to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Mary said she thought she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who wants to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who needs to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sleeping by the time she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to help her do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought Tom was probably not having any fun doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed at least $to buy what he needed.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Mary said she didn't think she'd be able to do that without any help.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom's reasons for not doing that were.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that next week.
Mary said doing that was more difficult than she thought it would be.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary may not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think she is.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely be able to convince Tom to help her.
Mary is going to be very late if she does that before she comes here.
Mary has already memorized the poem her teacher told her to memorize.
Mary dropped out of school and started working when she was thirteen.
Mary didn't seem to care that Tom didn't do what she asked him to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she was supposed to do.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell her why.
I think I should tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us.
I knew Mary didn't want to do that, but I wanted her to do it anyway.
I didn't know what to do when Mary said she wouldn't help me do that.
You told Mary I thought she wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You should tell Mary that Tom wants her to teach him how to do that.
You should probably tell Mary that you want her to help Tom do that.
You knew that Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself, did you?
When would Mary like me to come over and help her with her homework?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that?
Most of Mary's friends know that she doesn't speak French very well.
Mary wouldn't have known how to do that if Tom hadn't shown her how.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she'd known it would make Tom angry.
Mary wondered what her life would've been like if she'd married Tom.
Mary won't likely admit that she doesn't really know how to do that.
Mary was in Boston last week, but I don't know if she's still there.
Mary was adopted by a couple in Boston when she was three years old.
Mary wanted to drive, but since she was drunk, Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary used the money she stole from Tom to buy herself a new bicycle.
Mary tried to lift the box by herself, but she wasn't strong enough.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be interested in doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't the first one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't interested in doing that.
Mary thought it over and decided not to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary still hasn't told me the reason why she's not going to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me the reason why she isn't going to do that.
Mary shared the food that her mother had given her with her friends.
Mary says she knows Tom won't go to Boston unless she goes with him.
Mary says she knows Tom won't do that unless she does that with him.
Mary says she doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans to do that this week.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French very well.
Mary said that she and Tom are planning to go to Boston next summer.
Mary said that isn't the only reason why she didn't want to do that.
Mary said she would've done that if she'd known she was supposed to.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom that she forgot to do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that if she had some help.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to do that without any help.
Mary said she thought Tom was probably having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French very well.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be allowed to do that this week.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary realized she didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary probably doesn't yet know how much time she'll have to do that.
Mary looked over to her shoulder to see if anyone was following her.
Mary looked over her shoulder to see if Tom was still following her.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be able to do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as she could.
Mary knew she didn't need to do what Tom told her needed to be done.
Mary finally mustered up the courage to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of herself.
Mary doesn't seem to have decided yet whether she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that, but she'll give it a try.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know whether Tom wanted to go to Boston with her or not.
Mary didn't have the time to do everything that Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do everything that she wanted to do.
Mary did that this morning so she wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary decided to use Tom's computer even though he'd told her not to.
Mary could save herself a lot of trouble by just doing that herself.
Mary asked me if I could stay and help her clean up after the party.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she's not going to do that.
It would mean a lot to Mary if you helped her learn a little French.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Mary before she left for Boston.
If Mary had understood French, she would've known what was going on.
I'm sure Mary will be able to persuade Tom to go to Boston with her.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Mary still drives the car her grandfather gave her.
I think it might be dangerous for Mary to go skin diving by herself.
I think Mary would likely do that for you if you asked her politely.
I think Mary will eventually give up and ask Tom to do that for her.
I think Mary is probably better at doing that than you think she is.
I think Mary could accomplish just about anything she decides to do.
I suggest we go over to Mary's and help her get ready for the party.
I hope that Mary sticks around for a while. I'd like to talk to her.
I have to speak to Mary in French. It's the only language she knows.
I don't care where Mary does that as long as she doesn't do it here.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who could teach my children French.
Does Mary really think she's the only one here who can speak French?
You should tell Mary that Tom wants her to show him how to do that.
You should probably tell Mary who'll be meeting her at the station.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she didn't want to do that.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she didn't need to do that.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she didn't have to do that.
You didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she needed to do that.
We have to figure out a way to make Mary do what we want her to do.
The police didn't think it was likely that Mary had killed herself.
Somebody should've told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
Mary wouldn't have gotten hurt if she'd been a little more careful.
Mary would've done that right the first time if Tom had helped her.
Mary would've done that by now if she was really planning to do it.
Mary would've done it correctly the first time if you'd helped her.
Mary was hoping she could persuade Tom to go to the dance with her.
Mary was afraid that people were going to say bad things about her.
Mary wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left with her.
Mary tried her best to move the table by herself, but she couldn't.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be the next one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't the last one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John hadn't been tempted to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to do that today.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to do that again.
Mary told Tom all the things John didn't do that she could've done.
Mary thinks that if she hadn't done that, Tom would still be alive.
Mary showed up at the party by herself, just like I knew she would.
Mary should've gone to Boston last week with Tom, but she couldn't.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she doesn't want him to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary seemed very surprised when I told her about what had happened.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her she didn't need to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe you're really considering doing that.
Mary sat next to her father and watched the football game with him.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said that she doesn't think she could ever do that by herself.
Mary said she would've done that if she'd thought it was necessary.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Mary said she thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said she thought she might not be required to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who has to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom would be asleep by the time she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was having a really hard time doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be required to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be required to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really had to do that this morning.
Mary said she didn't think she'd have enough time to do that today.
Mary said she didn't think Tom wanted to be on the basketball team.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
Mary said she didn't know that eventually Tom was going to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to her.
Mary never told you because she didn't want you to worry about her.
Mary knew she didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary hopes she doesn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Mary heard a noise behind her and turned around to see what it was.
Mary has finally realized that she's been doing that the wrong way.
Mary has done everything we've asked her to do without complaining.
Mary had something important to say, but Tom kept interrupting her.
Aren't you too old to be playing with toys?
Mary forgot to ask Tom the question that John had asked her to ask.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that, but she says she'll try.
Mary didn't start playing the violin until she was thirty year old.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she needed to do that.
Mary didn't have the courage to tell Tom that she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't even have money to buy food for herself and her family.
Mary couldn't find a decent job in Boston, so she moved to Chicago.
Mary couldn't come here today because she had something else to do.
Mary admired her mother and wanted to be like her when she grew up.
If Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised her to do that.
I'm going over to Mary's house now to tell her about what happened.
I'd really like to know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I told Mary she should tell Tom she didn't want to see him anymore.
I told Mary I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with her.
I thought Mary was supposed to be in Boston. What's she doing here?
I should've known Mary would do something we didn't want her to do.
I plan to get a hold of Mary by phone tomorrow and ask her to help.
I don't think Mary will be able to do what you're asking her to do.
I don't think Mary has time today to do everything she needs to do.
Has Mary told Tom that she doesn't really know how to speak French?
Does Mary know why Tom didn't eat the ham sandwich she made for him?
Did Mary say she didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
All we can do now is hope that Mary does what she's promised to do.
You were always good at getting Mary to do what you wanted her to.
You knew that Mary told Tom that she couldn't do that, didn't you?
Someone should've told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
Mary wouldn't have passed the test if Tom hadn't helped her study.
Mary would've apologized to Tom if she'd thought it was important.
Mary would be finished doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary wondered if Tom could be persuaded teach her children French.
Mary went on doing that even though we asked her to stop doing it.
Mary was positive that the camera Tom had was hers, but it wasn't.
Mary was a little worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary wants to live in Boston after she graduates from high school.
Mary wants me to come to Boston to help her set up a new business.
Mary wanted to find a creative way to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary used to do that quite often, but she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary told me that she thought Tom didn't know how to speak French.
Mary told me that she thought I might be interested in doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had gone to Boston with Alice.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her he didn't want to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her he didn't need to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her he didn't have to do that.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like doing that, because it's hot.
Tom is young and attractive.
Mary says she's thinking about not doing what Tom asked her to do.
Mary says she'll pay back all the money she owes me before Monday.
Mary says she doesn't think she can help you move the piano today.
Mary says she doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom could do that without some help.
Mary said that she's been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't like doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
Mary said that she had a stomachache after eating what Tom cooked.
Mary said she would've done that if she'd known Tom wanted her to.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she thought she might not be permitted to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be permitted to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might be required to do that right away.
Mary said she thought Tom might be required to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to buy what she needed for $300.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really likes doing that very much.
Mary said it wasn't as hard to do that as she thought it would be.
Mary said Tom thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary realized she barely had enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary probably thought I was going to Boston with her next weekend.
Mary probably doesn't know who she should ask to help her do that.
Mary probably doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary must be a good teacher. All of her students seem to like her.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she didn't know how to do that.
Mary lay awake for a long time wondering about what she should do.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary is a little worried about what might happen if she does that.
Mary held out her empty glass and Tom filled it with orange juice.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she isn't supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't like people to know that she can't speak French well.
Mary doesn't have any friends who are willing to help her do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he needed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she was the one who was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know how to do that, so she asked Tom to show her how.
Mary didn't feel she should do what the other children were doing.
Mary did that yesterday, so she wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary couldn't find anybody to go with her, so she went by herself.
Mary can take the bus to the station. You don't need to drive her.
Mary bought this building with the money her grandfather left her.
Mary always seems worried about what other people think about her.
Just because Mary said she'd never met Tom doesn't mean it's true.
It wasn't until Mary left me that I realized how much I loved her.
If you show Mary how to do that, I'm sure she'll be able to do it.
I've been calling Mary all morning, but I can't get a hold of her.
I wonder why they didn't make Mary do what she was supposed to do.
I wonder if Mary is only pretending she doesn't understand French.
I think Mary probably isn't as good at French as you think she is.
I should've told Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I should probably tell Mary that I can't do that without her help.
I forgot to tell Mary who was going to pick her up at the airport.
I doubt that Mary will admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Mary would be bored if you told her about your trip.
I don't think Mary knows that she's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't know when Mary got married, but I do know she got married.
I didn't think Mary would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite her.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
How much time do you think it'll take Mary to finish her homework?
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Even though Mary knew she shouldn't, she went swimming by herself.
Did Mary say she didn't think it was a bad idea for us to do that?
You should tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
You should probably tell Mary that you don't want her to do that.
You knew that Mary told Tom she was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told everyone she was going to do that, didn't you?
You have to tell Mary that you won't be going to Boston with her.
You didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself, did you?
Would you like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do?
Why did you ask Mary to do that when you knew she couldn't do it?
The only reason Mary came to Boston was because Tom asked her to.
Tell Mary I'll meet her at 2:in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel.
Mary's parents thought that she was too young to live by herself.
Mary's husband died in 2013. Mary herself died three years later.
Mary would be through doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to eat what she'd made for him.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as she speaks English.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never do anything to hurt him.
Mary was mad at me because I wouldn't do what she asked me to do.
Mary wanted Tom's phone number, but he refused to give it to her.
Mary used to do that frequently, but she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary tried to convince Tom not to do that, but she was unable to.
Mary told us this morning that she and Tom were moving to Boston.
Mary told me that she drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Mary told me she first met Tom in Boston when she was a teenager.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was the first one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was interested in doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was finished doing that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she wants him to help John do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her she didn't need to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her she didn't have to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary says that she plans on staying in Boston as long as she can.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like doing that because it's hot.
Mary says she still doesn't understand why you'd want to do that.
Mary said that was the first time she'd ever seen Tom doing that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was still living with his parents.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried to convince Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom to tell John to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't suggested to Tom that he do that.
Mary said she was wondering whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
Mary said she was wondering whether Tom needed to do that or not.
Mary said she thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she thought she might not be required to do that again.
Mary said she thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
Mary said she thought Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that before John got here.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be required to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might be allowed to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be permitted to do that at home.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really did that without any help.
Mary said she didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom's reasons for doing that were.
Mary said Tom thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary probably won't be able to buy everything she needs for $300.
Mary probably doesn't speak French as well as you think she does.
Mary probably doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary pretended not to understand what Tom was trying to tell her.
Mary picked up the coffee pot and poured herself a cup of coffee.
Mary might bleed to death if we don't get her to a hospital soon.
Mary made it plain that she wanted Tom to do the work by himself.
Mary loved singing. However, no one wanted to listen to her sing.
Mary looked around for something she could use to defend herself.
Mary lay awake half the night, thinking about what she should do.
Mary lay awake for a long time thinking about what she should do.
Mary knows that she should do something, but she's not sure what.
Mary knows that she has to do something, but she's not sure what.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be able to finish the report by 2:30.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary just told me that she doesn't plan to take French next year.
Mary isn't going to be able to buy everything she needs for $300.
Mary is quite determined to finish the report by 2:30, isn't she?
Mary is going to hurt herself if she's not a little more careful.
Mary hasn't been back to Boston since she graduated from college.
Mary has only been pretending that she doesn't understand French.
Mary has lied to me too many times, so I don't trust her anymore.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy him for his birthday.
Mary didn't want Tom to know that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she wasn't supposed to do that.
It's pretty impressive, isn't it?
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her why we should do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her why we had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom needed to do that.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that before she got here.
Mary didn't know how to do that, so she asked me to show her how.
Mary didn't begin to study French until she was thirty years old.
Mary could save herself a lot of time by just doing that herself.
Mary began to sing her favorite song and Tom harmonized with her.
Mary asked Tom to take off his shoes before he entered her house.
Mary always wanted to go to Boston, but she never had the chance.
Mary always stays at school as late as the teachers allow her to.
Let's get out of Mary's way and let her do what needs to be done.
If you see Mary, don't forget to ask her how her husband's doing.
If Mary had had enough money, she'd have gone to Boston with Tom.
If Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do, please let me know.
If Mary did that yesterday, she probably won't do it again today.
I'll tell Mary what needs to be done the next time I talk to her.
I wasn't surprised when Mary told me she wasn't going to do that.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with her.
I think you should tell Mary why you won't go to Boston with her.
I think Mary would be confused if you explain it to her that way.
I think Mary ought to wait until at least 2:before she leaves.
I think Mary can't actually do that even though she says she can.
I really think it would be better to let Mary do that by herself.
I expected Mary to get home on Monday, but she's still in Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Mary will do what you want her to do.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't want her to go to Boston with me.
I didn't know if Mary would be able to do that by herself or not.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Even though Mary is very old, she can still take care of herself.
Even though Mary is quite old, she can still do that fairly well.
Did you ask Mary if she thought she'd be able do that by herself?
Apparently, Mary had a lot on her mind, so I just left her alone.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to love her as much as she loved him.
You should probably tell Mary she doesn't have to do that today.
You knew that Mary said she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't seem surprised when Mary told you she had to do that.
They think that Mary must've killed Tom and then killed herself.
The problem is that Mary didn't get to do what she wanted to do.
Tell Mary that I don't know how to do what she's asked me to do.
Mary's mother told her that she shouldn't eat so much chocolate.
Mary's dog is still waiting for her just outside the front door.
Mary wondered whether she should let Tom go to Boston with John.
Mary won't likely tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she needs him to help John.
Mary won't know whether she can do that or not unless she tries.
Mary wished she hadn't promised Tom she'd go to Boston with him.
Mary went to bed very late last night, so don't wake her up yet.
Mary was convinced that she'd be happier if she moved to Boston.
Mary was able to do that better than I thought she'd be able to.
Mary wants me to throw her a birthday party next Monday evening.
Mary wanted to take a picture of Tom, but he didn't want her to.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Mary told me she didn't recognize Tom the last time she saw him.
Mary told Tom that she'd finished the work he'd asked her to do.
Mary told Tom that she thought he shouldn't go there by himself.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was the last one to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had been tempted to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was through doing that.
Mary told Tom she was interested in buying one of his paintings.
Mary thought she was finished, but Tom told her that she wasn't.
Mary thinks that if she hadn't done that, Tom wouldn't be angry.
Mary studied French after dinner while her mother washed dishes.
Mary stood in front of a full-length mirror, looking at herself.
Mary spent all the money she had to buy Tom a Christmas present.
Mary speaks French only slightly better than she speaks English.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't have to do that today.
Mary should probably not tell Tom that she knows how to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary sensed someone was behind her and turned to see who it was.
Mary says that she usually makes three hundred dollars per hour.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really wants to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really wants to do that again.
Mary said that she's pretty sure that Tom has seen John do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who felt like doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't interested in going to Boston with us.
Mary said that she saw Tom eating at a picnic table in the park.
Mary said that isn't the only reason she didn't want to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
Mary said she thought there was a chance that Tom would do that.
Mary said she thought she might not be allowed to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be allowed to do that again.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that until October.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that until October.
Mary said she thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Mary said she knew she might not be required to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be required to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really had to do that by himself.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really did what John said he did.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had studied French for very long.
Mary said it was harder to do that than she thought it would be.
Mary said it was easier to do that than she thought it would be.
Mary said it was Tom who told him she had to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom would probably not give her permission to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might need to do that several more times.
Mary said Tom knew she might have to do that several more times.
Mary said Tom knew she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary probably won't be able to cope with the problem by herself.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to help him.
Mary probably doesn't know how much time she'll need to do that.
Mary parked her car in front of a fire hydrant and got a ticket.
Mary paid for her lunch with the money her mother had given her.
Mary offered me a beer, but I told her that I didn't drink beer.
Mary might possibly have studied French when she was in college.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Mary knew that if she needed anything, Tom would buy it for her.
Mary knew that Tom had overheard John and her talking about him.
Mary knew she didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary just closed her eyes and tried to ignore what was going on.
Mary is very busy today, but she'll try to fit you in somewhere.
Mary is probably going to get injured if she does that that way.
Mary is probably a lot busier now than she was three months ago.
Mary is likely going to go to Boston during her summer vacation.
Mary is going to need at least $to buy everything she needs.
Mary is doing that because it's what she thinks she needs to do.
Mary has some very important things she needs to do before 2:30.
Mary has been living in Boston since she graduated from college.
Mary handed Tom a piece of paper with her address written on it.
Mary got off the bus and waited for Tom to come and pick her up.
Mary doesn't want to admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she had to do that.
Mary didn't learn how to play the guitar until she was thirteen.
Mary convinced the teacher to let her hand in her homework late.
Mary begged Tom not to tell her parents about what had happened.
Mary became a dancer even though her parents didn't want her to.
Mary asked Tom to lend her some money so she could go to Boston.
Instead of doing what she was supposed to do, Mary went fishing.
If Mary doesn't do what we've asked her to do, she'll regret it.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Mary what she needs to do.
I'm fairly certain I heard Mary say she wasn't ready to do that.
I'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I wouldn't have kissed Mary if I'd know she was your girlfriend.
I wonder whether Mary will really be able to do that by herself.
I was surprised when Mary asked me to help her write the report.
I told Mary a lot of things that Tom didn't want me to tell her.
I think Mary would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
I think Mary would be able to do that if she put her mind to it.
I think Mary wants to do that, even though she says she doesn't.
I think Mary should tell Tom that she can't really speak French.
I think Mary is probably better at French than you think she is.
I plan to contact Mary by phone tomorrow and ask her to help us.
I didn't know why Mary didn't need to do that until she told me.
I didn't know why Mary didn't have to do that until she told me.
I certainly had no idea Mary was thinking about killing herself.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
"Mary is thirty years old." "She's not really that old, is she?"
You still haven't told Mary why she needs to do that, have you?
I thought this only happened in movies.
I thought it only happened in books.
I thought it only happened in movies.
I thought it only happened in books and movies.
Those things only happen in movies.
I thought we were in love.
You have your entire life before you.
You knew Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Why didn't you tell Mary you couldn't do that without her help?
When I asked Mary how to do that, she said she didn't know how.
Were you the one who told Mary that she could probably do that?
We're waiting for Mary to finish doing what we asked her to do.
We're still waiting for Mary to do what she's been asked to do.
We wouldn't have asked Mary to come if we didn't want her here.
We went to Mary's house to talk to her, but she wasn't at home.
We still don't know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that?
The teacher has given Mary permission to do whatever she wants.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that if she didn't think you could.
Mary would've been forgiven for doing that if she'd apologized.
Mary would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite her.
Mary wondered whether she should let Tom go to Boston with her.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she won't be at his party.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as a native speaker.
Mary wished Tom had told her that he wasn't going to the party.
Mary will probably be able to do that if you give her a chance.
Mary wasn't wearing a baseball cap when I saw her this morning.
Mary was planning to get married the last time I talked to her.
Mary wants you to do that so she doesn't have to do it herself.
Mary wants Tom to know that she really doesn't want to do that.
Mary wanted Tom to know that she really didn't want to do that.
Mary tried to remember the last time she'd drunk wine with Tom.
Mary told me that you told her that I wouldn't go to her party.
Mary told me that she'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was the first one to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had studied French with John.
Mary told Tom that she was going to show him some old pictures.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't finished doing that.
Mary told Tom she wasn't interested in helping him do anything.
Mary told Tom she wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days.
Mary started playing the piano when she was thirteen years old.
Mary started laughing when I told her what caused the accident.
Mary speaks perfect French, but her native language is English.
Mary speaks French well, but not as well as she speaks English.
Mary soon realized that no one was paying any attention to her.
Mary seemed to like everybody and everybody seemed to like her.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I didn't want to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I didn't need to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I didn't have to do that.
Mary says that she usually makes three hundred dollars an hour.
Mary says she doesn't think she could do that without our help.
Mary says she doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know whether she'll have time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom would really want to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would have to do that on his own.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would have to do that by himself.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would eventually want to do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary said that she doesn't care what other people think of her.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
Mary said that isn't the only reason why she wanted to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom about what she'd done.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't go out after dark by himself.
Mary said she was going to do that every day after she retired.
Mary said she wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with her.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that this afternoon.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary said she thought Tom might not want to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that this afternoon.
Mary said she thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Mary said she might come to Boston next week or the week after.
Mary said she knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be allowed to do that at home.
Mary said she knew Tom might be required to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't understand why you don't want to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that alone.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom knows how to do that very well.
Mary said it's what she wasn't doing that made the coach angry.
Mary said it took her a little while to get used to doing this.
Mary said her parents allow her to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary said her parents allow her to do anything she wants to do.
Mary said Tom thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom knew she might not have to do that until October.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be permitted to do that today.
Mary said Tom knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary realized she was probably not going to be able to do that.
Mary realized she had no idea how to do what needed to be done.
Mary promised me she'd buy me something to eat on the way home.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know whether she needs to do that or not.
Mary pretended she didn't understand what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary managed to make time to visit Tom while she was in Boston.
Mary made the mistake of trying to do that when she was sleepy.
Mary looks happier today than she did last week when I saw her.
Mary knows you didn't eat any of the cookies she baked for you.
Mary knew she wouldn't be able to do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary is married to a man who's three years younger than she is.
Mary is likely to lie to Tom about where she spent the weekend.
Mary is likely to be very unfriendly after what you did to her.
Mary is likely going to spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Mary is going to be really tired when she gets home, isn't she?
Mary invited me to stay a couple of weeks with her next summer.
Mary has no intention of doing what Tom told her she has to do.
Mary has finished reading the book that Tom gave her yesterday.
Mary has been hoping she can go to Boston with Tom next summer.
Mary has already told Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary finished reading the letter and put it in her desk drawer.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to finish the job by herself.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be willing to lend her his guitar.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I needed to do that.
Mary didn't know how to do that, but she tried to do it anyway.
Mary didn't know how to do that until she was thirty years old.
Mary didn't know exactly what it was that Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't find out she'd been adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't do that by herself, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see her.
Mary can't be over thirty. She looks like she's about eighteen.
Mary called Tom to tell her he wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Mary brings her children with her to work once or twice a year.
Mary asked me if I'd be willing to help her after school today.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she needed to do.
If Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do, she'll regret it.
If Mary does what we asked her to do, there will be no problem.
If I'd known Mary was broke, I'd have offered to buy her lunch.
I'm sure Mary has already spent a lot of the money we gave her.
I'm still waiting for Mary to pay me back the money I lent her.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I wonder if Mary still drives the car her grandfather gave her.
I wish that Mary hadn't overheard Tom and me talking about her.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in going fishing with her.
I told Mary she should consider taking the job Tom offered her.
I should tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
I don't think Mary has time to buy everything she needs to buy.
I don't know what I can say to Mary to convince her to help us.
I don't know how Mary is going to keep her dog from doing that.
I didn't think it would be safe for Mary to do that by herself.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Does Mary think she's the only one here who can't speak French?
After Mary explained it in French, she explained it in English.
You warned Mary what would happen if she did that, didn't you?
You told Mary I couldn't do that without her help, didn't you?
You should probably tell Mary why she shouldn't be doing that.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she wanted to do that.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she needed to do that.
Whether you like Mary or not, you still have to work with her.
What do you think Mary will say when she finds out about this?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she wouldn't be permitted to do that?
Ninety percent of the time Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary's parents won't let her go out with Tom on school nights.
Mary's parents never visited her when she was in the hospital.
Mary's mother told her she could do anything she wanted to do.
Mary would stay in Boston longer if her parents would let her.
Mary would probably go to Boston with you if you asked her to.
Mary would be done doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary will probably feel better once she gets something to eat.
Mary will be very late if she does that before she comes here.
Mary went into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee.
Mary wasn't the first one who said she didn't want to do that.
Mary was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but she never came.
Mary was reading a newspaper in the lobby when I last saw her.
Mary was in a lot of pain when we visited her in the hospital.
Mary wants to know when we're going to come over and help her.
Mary wants to buy a motorcycle, but her parents won't let her.
Mary wanted to help, but Tom told her he didn't need her help.
Mary wanted Tom to do that, but he told her he wouldn't do it.
Mary want Tom to know that she really doesn't want to do that.
Mary walked into her apartment and closed the door behind her.
Mary took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around herself.
Mary told me that she'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was the last one to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom might be tempted to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't think Tom will agree to do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with her.
Mary told me she didn't want to wait until October to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't through doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was determined to do that.
Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she'd be late for dinner.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she was going to be late.
Mary started laughing when I told her about what had happened.
Mary soon found out why none of her friends wanted to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom why she doesn't want to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her she needed to do that.
Mary says that she plans to stay in Boston as long as she can.
Mary says that she has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he has to do that before Monday.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can stop John from doing that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would have to do that next week.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to go to Boston with her.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French very well.
Mary said that was the first time she'd ever seen Tom do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
Mary said that she knows she can't do that as well as Tom can.
Mary said that she doesn't think doing that is worth her time.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be difficult.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
Mary said that isn't the only reason why she wants to do that.
Mary said something to Tom, but I couldn't hear what she said.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
Mary said she'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given her phone number to Tom.
Mary said she was wondering whether Tom had to do that or not.
Mary said she wanted me to help her paint her garage tomorrow.
Mary said she thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
Mary said she thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be permitted to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be permitted to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sleeping when she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to do that on his own.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very good at speaking French.
Mary said she thought Tom was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was always in his office on Mondays.
Did something happen between you two?
"Did something happen between you two?" "No."
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that this week.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that this year.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that this week.
Mary said she thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Mary said she knew it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
Mary said she knew Tom might be allowed to do that by himself.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to learn how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that today.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really has to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom can stop John from doing that.
Mary said she doesn't enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary said she didn't want to try doing that without some help.
Mary said she didn't want to tell Tom about what had happened.
Mary said she didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
Mary said she didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really needed to do that today.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to tell John what to do.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to eventually do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French very well.
Mary said she and Tom left early because Tom was feeling sick.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she was supposed to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might have to do that three more times.
Mary said Tom knew she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary replied that she thought it would be possible to do that.
Mary refused to tell me how much she paid for her new computer.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary opened the window even though her mother told her not to.
Mary made the mistake of trying to do that when she was tired.
Mary looks happier today than she did the last time I saw her.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't know how to do that.
Mary laughed so loud that Tom could hear her from the kitchen.
Mary knew what she was doing was wrong, but she did it anyway.
Mary knew that she couldn't speak French as well as Tom could.
Mary knew she barely had enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary knew Tom was looking for her, so she hid in the basement.
Mary is in college, but her boyfriend is still in high school.
Mary is going to get into trouble if she eats all the cookies.
Mary is going to get in trouble if she eats all the ice cream.
Mary is going to get herself killed if she's not more careful.
Mary is going to buy her mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Mary is going to be disappointed if you don't go to her party.
Mary is doing that because it's what she thinks she should do.
Mary is doing that because it's what she thinks she has to do.
Mary has some very important things she needs to do right now.
Mary has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw her.
Mary has lied to me in the past, so I don't trust her anymore.
Mary has finally finished doing everything we asked her to do.
Mary expects all three of us to do the same thing she's doing.
Mary doesn't think that Tom was the one who stole her bicycle.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she's supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know how she's going to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be able to do that, so I did that for her.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her where Tom had gone.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom had to do that.
Mary didn't know why Tom wouldn't do what she asked him to do.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be permitted to do that or not.
Mary didn't have a chance to visit Tom when she was in Boston.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who persuaded her to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who convinced her to do that.
Mary couldn't help us today, because she was busy helping Tom.
Mary can speak French almost as well as she can speak English.
Mary can do the job, I'm sure, but it'll take her a long time.
Mary called to let me know she wouldn't be coming to my party.
Mary called to ask if there was anything she could do to help.
Mary asked me this morning if I wanted to go jogging with her.
Mary asked Tom if he could help her with her science homework.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really the first one to do that.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really interested in doing that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know how to speak French.
If Mary's boyfriend knew she was here now, he'd be very angry.
If Mary had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to her.
I wonder why Mary is pretending she doesn't understand French.
I wonder why Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wonder if Mary is doing what she isn't supposed to be doing.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I told Mary she didn't have to do anything she didn't want to.
I think Mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I suppose you know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I don't think Mary knows how much time she'll need to do that.
I don't remember how many years Mary said she lived in Boston.
I didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary was going to be able to do that by herself.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Does Mary still go out with Tom every Monday like she used to?
Did Mary say she thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
You probably wouldn't even recognize Mary if you saw her now.
Would you please tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Will you please talk to Mary and try to convince her to help?
What do you think Mary is going to do now that she's retired?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue baseball cap.
The last time I saw Mary she was feeding pigeons in the park.
The doctor told Mary that she should eat a lot of vegetables.
Should I tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us?
Mary's parents told her that playing with fire was dangerous.
Mary's mother always told her she should eat more vegetables.
Mary's husband would probably leave her if he knew the truth.
Mary wrote her phone number on a napkin and handed it to Tom.
Mary wouldn't tell me how much she paid for her new computer.
Mary would've come to Boston with me if she hadn't been busy.
Mary would never forgive herself if anything happened to Tom.
Mary wondered whether Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll need to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help her.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to teach her how to do that.
Mary will lose her job if she keeps showing up late for work.
Mary wasn't in a good mood when I talked to her this morning.
Mary was willing to do that, but Tom said she didn't need to.
Mary was willing to do that, but Tom said she didn't have to.
Mary was walking so fast that Tom couldn't catch up with her.
Mary was shocked when she learned that Tom had been arrested.
Mary wants you to do it so she doesn't have to do it herself.
Mary wanted to go to Boston, but her father wouldn't let her.
Mary wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told her not to.
Mary used to tell Tom stories about when she lived in Boston.
Mary understood why Tom didn't want to go to Boston with her.
Mary tried to look busy, so Tom wouldn't ask her to help him.
Mary tried to help me, but I told her I didn't need her help.
Mary told me to meet her at the restaurant next to the hotel.
Mary told me that she's miserable here in Boston without Tom.
Mary told me that she thought that she might be able do that.
Mary told me she thought she was going to be able to do that.
Mary told me she didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
Mary told me she didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
Mary told me she didn't have very much experience doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was quicker at doing that than he was.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was motivated to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was doing that right now.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was desperate to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think she'd be able to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was too old for her.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was done doing that.
Mary told Tom she'd asked John to teach Alice how to do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't eat the stew if it had pork in it.
Mary told Tom she had asked John to teach him how to do that.
Mary told Tom she had asked John to teach her how to do that.
Mary thought she was going to earn a lot of money doing that.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary thinks that if she'd done that, Tom would've been upset.
Mary thinks some of her friends might not be able to do that.
Mary thanked Tom for helping her decorate her Christmas tree.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she'd arrived in Boston.
Mary stressed that she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary still loves Tom even though he doesn't love her anymore.
Mary started learning French when she was thirteen years old.
Mary showed up in Boston three days after she said she would.
Mary should've asked Tom where he wanted her to park the car.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her he wanted to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her he needed to do that.
Mary says that she has no trouble understanding Tom's French.
Mary says she thinks it might not be so expensive to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she forgot to remind Tom that he needed to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she can stop Tom from doing that.
Mary says she doesn't think she can find the time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would really want to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will ever be able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can stop her from doing that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can find the time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember her parents ever spanking her.
Mary says she doesn't know if she has enough time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans on doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really did that by himself.
Mary says she can't believe Tom would really want to do that.
Mary says everybody she usually hangs out with speaks French.
Mary said that she's been wanting to do that for a long time.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom needed to do that.
Mary said that she really did do that without anybody's help.
Mary said that she doesn't think you can do that by yourself.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be possible.
Mary said that if she won the lottery, she'd buy a new house.
Mary said she'll ask Tom if he wants her to help him do that.
Mary said she'd be willing to do anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do what we asked her to do.
Mary said she wished she could play the banjo as well as Tom.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that by himself anymore.
Mary said she was wondering whether Tom would do that or not.
Mary said she was wondering whether Tom could do that or not.
Mary said she wanted to do something she'd never done before.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy doing that with Tom.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that again.
Mary said she thought she could do that if she had some help.
Mary said she thought Tom would be in Boston for three weeks.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room listening to music.
They both got three weeks' detention.
Tom got three weeks' detention.
Did something else happen between you two?
Mary said she thought Tom might want to walk home by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to walk home by himself.
Mary said she needed money so she could buy something to eat.
Mary said she doesn't think she can stop Tom from doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think she can find the time to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom will ever be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that here.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom has to do that until October.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom can stop her from doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom can find the time to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she'd have enough time to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could've done that by himself.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary said it was more difficult to do that than she expected.
Mary said everybody she usually hangs out with speaks French.
Mary said doing that was harder than she thought it would be.
Mary said doing that was easier than she thought it would be.
Mary said Tom thought she might want to do that this evening.
Mary said Tom thought she might not need to do that tomorrow.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said Tom thought she might be permitted to do that soon.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be allowed to do that today.
Mary refused to tell me how much her new motorcycle cost her.
Mary put her hand on Tom's forehead to see if he had a fever.
Mary probably thought she was going to need to do that today.
Mary probably thought she was going to have to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know whether she has to do that or not.
Mary poured Tom a glass of red wine and then one for herself.
Mary meant to tell Tom about it, but she never saw him again.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she had done that already.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she had already done that.
Mary knows now that she shouldn't have gone there by herself.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be able to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what Tom was asking her to do.
Mary knew that people were going to say bad things about her.
Mary knew she didn't have to do anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she ought to.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she needs to.
Mary is the only one who doesn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary is probably going to get hurt if she does that that way.
Mary is never going to understand why we want her to do that.
Mary is going to keep doing that if someone doesn't stop her.
Mary is going to help you as soon as she finishes doing that.
Mary is going to have to do that even if she doesn't want to.
Mary is almost never willing to do anything we ask her to do.
Mary hopes that Tom will like the present she bought for him.
Mary hopes she'll be able to get back to Boston next October.
Mary has said she intends to pay back all the money she owes.
Mary has gotten sick three times since she's moved to Boston.
Mary has asked me to meet her at her office tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary had to admit that she was too tired to do anything else.
Mary had intended to do that today, but she didn't have time.
Mary gets upset when Tom doesn't do what she tells him to do.
Mary found it difficult to make herself understood in French.
Mary doesn't yet know that Tom will be at her birthday party.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wants her to go to Boston with him.
Mary doesn't know she's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary doesn't know if she can do what you're asking her to do.
Mary doesn't know how to say what she wants to say in French.
Mary didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what had happened.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know that she was adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't get up this morning as early as she usually does.
Mary didn't get paid as much as they told her they'd pay her.
Mary did everything she could to prevent Tom from doing that.
Mary decided not to tell her parents about what had happened.
Mary couldn't control herself when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by herself.
Mary can't do the job by herself. Would you mind helping her?
Mary can pick you up at the train station if you want her to.
Mary came back from Boston a week earlier than she'd planned.
Mary asked Tom to read her the letter she'd gotten from John.
Mary apologized for not doing what she had promised she'd do.
Mary announced that she'd be retiring at the end of the year.
Mary and her boyfriend spent all afternoon at the art museum.
Mary always looks in the rearview mirror before she backs up.
Mary almost always uses a credit card when she goes shopping.
Mary admitted she was the one who ate the last piece of cake.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to give her a ride.
If Mary doesn't get an A on the test, her mother will be mad.
If I'd known Mary was in Boston, I'd have tried to visit her.
I wonder whether Mary's parents will allow her to go with us.
I wonder whether Mary really did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I was surprised when Mary said she was going to study abroad.
I wanted Mary to do that, but she told me she wouldn't do it.
I told Mary that I hadn't yet done what she'd asked me to do.
I told Mary she should ask Tom to help her with her homework.
I thought Mary was finished, but she told me that she wasn't.
I thought Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed.
I think this is the first time Mary has done that by herself.
I think it might be dangerous for Mary to do that by herself.
I think Mary would go to Boston with you if you asked her to.
I think Mary said she'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Mary is going to do the same thing she did yesterday.
I suppose I should offer to pay Mary for what she did for us.
I should've told Mary why she wasn't supposed to leave early.
I should probably tell Mary that I don't want her to do that.
I really should've told Mary why she was supposed to do that.
I offered to pick Mary up, but she wanted to come by herself.
I know Mary is a friend of yours, but I still don't like her.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I haven't spoken with Mary since she got out of the hospital.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't want to.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't need to.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't have to.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Mary is going to let you eat her piece of cake.
I didn't know what to do when Mary said she wouldn't help me.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Didn't you know that Mary lived in Boston when she was a kid?
Did Mary say she thought it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you why she decided to drop out of school?
Could you please tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
According to Mary's will, Tom will inherit her entire estate.
You should've told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
You said Mary was upset, but she didn't seem that way to me.
You really should've told Mary that she didn't have to come.
You knew Mary told Tom she was going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't tell Mary why you wanted her to do that, did you?
When I first met Mary, I thought she was a little obnoxious.
What's Mary planning to do after she graduates from college?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
My suggestion for now is that we let Mary do what she wants.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary wrote Tom a long letter, but she didn't send it to him.
Mary would've let you drive if you'd told her you wanted to.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't helped her.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't been there.
Mary would be healthier if she didn't eat so much junk food.
Mary wondered if Tom would tell her what she wanted to know.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she'll do that for him.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary will tell Tom everything she knows about the situation.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't go to Boston with him.
Mary will just have to ask Tom to do that for us, won't she?
Mary wasn't worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary wasn't wearing her glasses when I saw her this morning.
Mary wasn't waiting for Tom where she said she'd be waiting.
Mary wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as she wanted to.
Mary was wearing a baseball cap when I saw her this morning.
Mary was walking so fast that we couldn't catch up with her.
Mary was too busy worrying about Tom to worry about herself.
Mary was sitting by herself on the porch and reading a book.
Mary was playing basketball this afternoon with her friends.
Mary was only three years old when she first came to Boston.
Mary was looking for some people to help her move her piano.
Mary was hoping she could go to Boston with Tom next summer.
Mary wanted to play poker with us, but Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary waited for three hours, but nobody came to pick her up.
Mary usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes she walks.
Mary used to go to Boston every summer when she was a child.
Mary used to carry her ukulele with her everywhere she went.
Mary took a picture of herself and sent it to her boyfriend.
Mary told us that she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary told me yesterday that she wouldn't be at school today.
Mary told me that she's decided to stay for a few more days.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was determined to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't going to go to Boston with us.
Mary told Tom that she was going to show him how to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was finished doing that by lunchtime.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach Alice how to do that.
Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that at night.
Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary thought Tom was moving to Boston, but she was mistaken.
Mary talked to Tom about things she usually kept to herself.
Mary takes a shower every morning before she goes to school.
Mary still doesn't know where she's going to go next summer.
Mary sometimes sees Tom on the street in front of her house.
Mary should tell Tom that she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her why we should do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her why we had to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her she needed to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom wanted to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom needed to do that.
Mary says she's tired of trying to convince Tom to help her.
Mary says she's planning to go back to Boston for Christmas.
Mary says she needs to talk to us about something important.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her she needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she could do that kind of thing.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really knows how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have very much money on her right now.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to go sailing with her.
Mary says everyone she usually hangs out with speaks French.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who liked doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who hated doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't responsible for what had happened.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said that she thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Mary said that she thought Tom had been told not to do that.
Mary said that she really did do that without anyone's help.
Mary said that she doesn't think Tom can do that by himself.
Mary said she'll go home as soon as she finishes doing that.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Mary said she'd ask Tom if he wants her to help him do that.
Mary said she'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she would've done that by herself if she could've.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried to do that by herself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried doing that by herself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom that she'd do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom about what she did.
Mary said she wasn't able to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary said she was hoping she and Tom could do that together.
Mary said she was able to do everything she'd planned to do.
Mary said she understands why Tom might not want to do that.
Mary said she thought there was a chance that Tom would win.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy traveling with Tom.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy camping by herself.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought she might be allowed to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be allowed to do that again.
Mary said she thought she knew what had caused the accident.
Mary said she thought Tom would probably be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be the first one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be interested in doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be asleep when she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to help her do that.
Mary said she thought Tom seemed to be desperate to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that anymore.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Mary said she probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she might sing with Tom and his band next weekend.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not need to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that by himself.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be willing to do that for her.
Mary said she has something she wanted to do this afternoon.
Mary said she has something she needed to do this afternoon.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really knows how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really has to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to ever go fishing with Tom again.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to swim very well.
Mary said it wasn't as difficult to do that as she expected.
Mary said her family was more important to her than her job.
Mary said everyone she usually hangs out with speaks French.
Mary said Tom told her he was looking forward to doing that.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not need to do that until 2:30.
Mary said Tom knew she might not have to do that until 2:30.
Mary really hoped that Tom would go to the concert with her.
Mary realized there was no way she could do that by herself.
Mary put new pedals on the bicycle that she rides to school.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her friends.
Mary probably doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary pretended that she didn't know about what had happened.
Mary pretended not to know that what she had done was wrong.
Mary persuaded the store manager to give her back her money.
Mary offered Tom thirty dollars to help her clean her house.
Mary might be able to convince Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary may be rich, but she's not as rich as you think she is.
Mary made a list of things she wanted to do before she died.
Mary locked herself in her bedroom and turned off the light.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she'd never been married.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't understand French.
Mary knows there's no way she can do that without some help.
Mary knows she won't be able to do what Tom wants her to do.
Mary isn't likely to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is willing to do that, but Tom said she didn't need to.
Mary is willing to do that, but Tom said she didn't have to.
Mary is probably going to sing that new song she just wrote.
Mary is probably going to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is never going to understand why people don't like her.
Mary is never going to live up to her parents' expectations.
Mary is going to feel better once she gets something to eat.
Mary is going to be too weak to do that after her operation.
Mary is going to be cold if she doesn't wear a heavier coat.
Mary invited me to go with her, but I said I didn't want to.
Mary has told Tom not to park his car in front of her house.
Mary has probably known how to do that since she was a baby.
Mary has lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw her.
Mary has had a long day and she's too tired to help you now.
Mary has been singing professionally since she was thirteen.
Mary has asked us to help her get ready for tonight's party.
Mary has already accomplished what she wanted to accomplish.
Mary ended up not buying the car she was considering buying.
Mary doesn't really enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't know whether she should take on the job or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she should go to the party or not.
Mary doesn't know if she'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Mary doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car she wants.
Mary doesn't come here every day, but she comes quite often.
Mary didn't want to help us today, but she helped us anyway.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she felt she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she didn't have any choice.
Mary didn't tell me that she was the one who had to do that.
Mary didn't tell me that she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary didn't take the medicine that the doctor had given her.
Mary didn't take the medication her doctor told her to take.
Mary didn't seem to be convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I had to do that.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be allowed to do that or not.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that yesterday.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted to buy.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't find out she was adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't feel she could do what Tom was asking her to do.
Mary didn't feel like telling everybody why she was leaving.
Mary didn't change her plans, even though Tom wanted her to.
Mary did what she could in the short amount of time she had.
Mary did her best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Mary couldn't unlock the door because she had the wrong key.
Mary couldn't remember whether or not she'd locked the door.
Mary convinced herself that what she was doing wasn't wrong.
Mary certainly didn't have my permission to do what she did.
Mary can't come to work today because she doesn't feel well.
Mary can't carry all those suitcases so you should help her.
Mary called to say that she couldn't attend today's meeting.
Mary bought a new car with the money she won in the lottery.
Mary ate by herself even though she'd hoped to eat with Tom.
Mary asked me to teach her how to say "thank you" in French.
Mary admitted she was the one who left the windows unlocked.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she had to do.
It's clear that Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
If Mary had tried harder, she would've been able to do that.
I wonder whether Mary really was able to do that by herself.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she needed to do that.
I told Mary it wasn't possible for her to get into our club.
I thought Mary said she didn't know how to play the ukulele.
I thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
I think Mary would be lonely if she went camping by herself.
I shouldn't have used Mary's knife without asking her first.
I should've told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
I should've known Mary wouldn't do what we wanted her to do.
I should probably tell Mary why I don't want her to do that.
I just told Mary that she doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Mary that I wanted to help her clean the garage.
I just told Mary that I wanted her to help clean the garage.
I heard that Mary is going to turn herself in to the police.
I don't think Mary knows that she's not supposed to do that.
I didn't wake Mary up and she slept for another three hours.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Mary what she had to do.
I didn't recognize Mary when I passed her on the road today.
I didn't realize Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Have you told Mary why she shouldn't be doing that that way?
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Even though Mary said she could do that, she wasn't able to.
Even though Mary is my neighbor, I don't know her very well.
Do you think Mary would do that again if she had the chance?
Did Mary say she thought it was necessary for us to do that?
According to Mary, Tom isn't going to go to Boston with her.
Mary told the police that she'd been mugged by three men.
You should probably tell Mary that you want her to do that.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she had to do that.
You knew Mary said she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself, did you?
Who did Mary think was going to help her with her homework?
What would Mary do if I wasn't here to tell her what to do?
We're still waiting for Mary to do what we asked her to do.
Was Mary really surprised or was she just pretending to be?
There's a chance that Mary might try to kill herself again.
The police officer handcuffed Mary's hands behind her back.
The only reason Mary did that was because Tom asked her to.
The kidnappers gagged Mary and locked her up in the closet.
The doctor told Mary that she should try to get more sleep.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't do that until Tom gets here.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to close all the windows.
Perhaps I ought to tell Mary that I don't like her anymore.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd had more the time.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she won't go to Boston with him.
Mary won't likely get cold since she's dressed very warmly.
Mary won't ever admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary won't do that right away, but she'll do it eventually.
Mary won't be able to do everything you've asked her to do.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to teach her how to drive.
Mary was the first one who said she didn't want to do that.
Mary was shocked when she heard that Tom had been arrested.
Mary was just as surprised to see us as we were to see her.
Mary was fed up with having to repeat herself all the time.
Mary was drunk and she said some things she shouldn't have.
Mary was certain that she'd recognize Tom when she saw him.
Mary was afraid of what might happen to her and her family.
Tom and Mary both got three weeks' detention.
Both Tom and Mary got three weeks' detention.
Mary was about to say something to Tom when her phone rang.
Mary was able to accomplish everything she'd set out to do.
Mary wanted to explain everything to Tom, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to do that by herself, but I begged her not to.
Mary wanted to apologize to Tom, but she couldn't find him.
Mary told me that she thought she might be able to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't like to study in the morning.
Mary told me that she doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that unless I did it with her.
Mary told me she wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him clean up after the party.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was a pretty good dancer.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't too old for her.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't done doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was through doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in his office.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have anything pressing to do.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary told Tom that John was gone by the time she got there.
Mary told Tom she usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that if she had some help.
Mary thinks some of her friends may not be able to do that.
Mary still has the car her father gave her three years ago.
Mary speaks French so badly that she's often misunderstood.
Mary shouted as loud as she could, but Tom didn't hear her.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her she had to do that.
Mary says you were the one who talked her into coming here.
Mary says that she and Tom didn't stay in Boston very long.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who he needs to give that to.
Mary says she has something she wants to do this afternoon.
Mary says she has something she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary says she doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she has enough time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom would do that by himself.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Mary says she can't believe she finally managed to do that.
Mary said that the door was open already when she got here.
Mary said that she was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Mary said that she wants me to help her tomorrow afternoon.
Mary said that she thought it would be possible to do that.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be enough.
Mary said that she and Tom would probably be a little late.
Mary said that isn't the only reason she wanted to do that.
Mary said she'd be able to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary said she'd appreciate it if you could do that for her.
Mary said she would've done that if she'd known she had to.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given Tom her phone number.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Mary said she was willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Mary said she was unable to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary said she was hoping she and Tom could travel together.
Mary said she was determined to find out why that happened.
Mary said she wanted to give Tom another chance to do that.
Mary said she wanted to do that, but she wasn't allowed to.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get that done today.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom would be the next one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be the last one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom was the best singer in her class.
Mary said she thought Tom was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that sometime today.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that before he left.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thinks her parents are going to get divorced.
Mary said she regretted that she couldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Mary said she knew she might be permitted to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might not need to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she hoped she got home before it started raining.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to come to her party.
Mary said she hoped Tom got home before it started raining.
Mary said she had something important to do this afternoon.
Mary said she doesn't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Mary said she doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that with John.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really did that by himself.
Mary said she didn't want me to tell Tom what had happened.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really had to do that today.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom learned how to do that.
Mary said she didn't know how to do that until last summer.
Mary said she didn't know anyone who might want to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to buy a motorcycle.
Mary said she couldn't remember where she'd parked the car.
Mary said she couldn't leave without saying goodbye to Tom.
Mary said her parents allow her to do what she wants to do.
Mary said Tom thought she might want to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might be allowed to do that soon.
Mary promised Tom that she'd be more careful in the future.
Mary probably just didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary probably just didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom and John don't like her.
Mary probably doesn't know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know how to explain how she did that.
Mary postponed her party until Tom got out of the hospital.
Mary often asks questions she already knows the answers to.
Mary never forgave herself for hurting Tom the way she did.
Mary needs to talk to someone who's able to understand her.
Mary may not have enough money to buy everything she wants.
Mary may not have enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary made it very clear that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary looks like a teenager, but she's actually over thirty.
Mary locked herself in her room and wouldn't let anyone in.
Mary knew that she was supposed to be doing something else.
Mary knew that she was going to have a good time in Boston.
Mary knew she was probably not going to be able to do that.
Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without her help.
Mary just told me that I didn't have to help her on Monday.
Mary isn't worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary isn't sure whether she made the right decision or not.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she should.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she has to.
Mary is too busy worrying about Tom to worry about herself.
Mary is still doing the same thing she was doing yesterday.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary is probably going to be very tired when she gets home.
Mary is likely going to spend the rest of her life in jail.
Mary is going to tell Tom even though I advised her not to.
Mary is going to talk to Tom about that when she gets here.
Mary hoped the rain would stop before she had to walk home.
Mary has to get out of here while she's still got a chance.
Mary has gotten a lot taller since the last time I saw her.
Mary has done nothing but complain ever since she got here.
Mary has asked Tom not to eat anything in her refrigerator.
Mary had better hurry if she wants to get home before dark.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in junior high school.
Mary doesn't want to admit that she has a drinking problem.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be angry even if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to think she needs to go to the hospital.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't really want to.
Mary doesn't have the ability to finish the job by herself.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom that she'd lost all her money.
Mary didn't want anyone to know that she'd been dating Tom.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her painting until it was done.
Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom wasn't here.
Mary didn't realize she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary didn't know what to do with all the money she'd found.
Mary didn't know that Tom was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't even seem to realize she'd hurt Tom's feelings.
Mary didn't decide to become a writer until she was thirty.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who wanted her to do that.
Mary couldn't bring herself to tell Tom about the accident.
Mary could only think of one thing she really wanted to do.
Mary convinced herself that she hadn't done anything wrong.
Mary can swim a lot better than I thought she'd be able to.
Mary can no longer do the things she used to be able to do.
Mary called Tom to apologize to him, but he hung up on her.
Mary became friends with Tom when she was living in Boston.
Mary admitted that she was the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom worked.
Many people think Mary is a snob, but I don't think she is.
It's not likely that Mary will ever admit that she's wrong.
If Mary isn't here by 2:30, she probably won't come at all.
I'm pretty sure Mary isn't as stupid as she pretends to be.
I'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I wonder who'll tell Mary that she shouldn't be doing that.
I wonder whether Mary is really as rich as she says she is.
I wonder if Mary will really be able to do that by herself.
I wish Mary had told me that she wasn't going to the party.
I was surprised when Mary asked me to play tennis with her.
I was afraid Mary might not do what she was supposed to do.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never showed up.
I tried to help Mary, but she said she didn't want my help.
I told Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without her help.
I told Mary I wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
I thought Mary would be able to do what we asked her to do.
I thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
I thought Mary could handle the job if I gave her a chance.
I think Mary doesn't live very near the school she goes to.
I think Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
I should've known Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
I should probably tell Mary I want her to help Tom do that.
I offered the job to Mary, but she said she didn't want it.
I lent Mary some money, so she could pay this month's rent.
I know Mary probably didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I know Mary didn't want to do that, but I think she had to.
I just told Mary that she didn't have to help me on Monday.
I doubt that Mary would help, but you should still ask her.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy for him.
I don't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that for me.
I didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
I didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
How much did Mary pay you to help her clean out her garage?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do?
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Does Mary still have that red sports car she used to drive?
Do you think Mary would like me to show her how to do that?
Do you think Mary is strong enough to lift that by herself?
Didn't you know that Mary said she wasn't going to do that?
Did you remember to tell Mary what I asked you to tell her?
Did anyone tell Mary what time she was supposed to be here?
You'd do that for Mary if she wanted you to, wouldn't you?
You should probably tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
You didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that, did you?
When Mary heard about what happened, she started laughing.
What do you think Mary would say if she knew we were here?
Were you there when Mary told Tom she was going to Boston?
We have to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
We have to do something to stop Mary from hurting herself.
Tell Mary that I'm not interested in going there with her.
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't be at school today.
Mary's letter didn't say when she'd be arriving in Boston.
Mary's hair started turning gray before she turned thirty.
Mary's family moved around quite a lot when she was a kid.
Mary wouldn't be helping us today if Tom hadn't asked her.
Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that even if she wanted to.
Mary would've never done that if Tom had asked her not to.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd had known how to.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered if she could find a place to live in Boston.
Mary wished there was something else she could do to help.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary will hurt herself if she's not a little more careful.
Mary went into the kitchen to help her mother make dinner.
Mary wasn't upset when I told her about what had happened.
Mary wasn't as tall as me last year, but now she's taller.
Mary was surprised that Tom caught more fish than she did.
Mary was lucky that she didn't get hurt more than she did.
Mary wants to know if she can keep that book you sent her.
Mary wanted to walk home, but her mother wouldn't let her.
Mary visits us quite often, but she never stays very long.
Mary used to hang up the laundry, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to go to Boston every summer when she was a kid.
Mary used to do that quite often, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary uncorked a bottle of wine and poured herself a glass.
Mary tried to move the piano by herself, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to do that again, but she still wasn't able to.
Mary told us she'd be waiting in front of the post office.
Mary told me that she wanted me to buy a painting for her.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was hesitant to do that.
Mary told me she was very surprised to see Tom doing that.
Mary told me she thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd never really intended to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd finished the work a few days ago.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to help him today.
Mary told Tom that she wanted him to babysit her children.
Mary told Tom that she thought he should lose some weight.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wouldn't be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was disappointed.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach him how to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach her how to do that.
Mary told Tom everything she knew about what had happened.
Mary thought she'd be able to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
Mary thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that at night.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary thought it was Tom who had broken into her apartment.
Mary swept the floor with the new broom Tom had given her.
Mary studies French every morning before she goes to work.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't want to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't need to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't have to do that.
Mary spoke to the person sitting next to her on the train.
Mary spent a lot of time playing games when she was a kid.
Mary should tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't need to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't have to do that.
Mary should be able to do that if she puts her mind to it.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I wanted to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I needed to do that.
Mary says this will be the last time she tries to do that.
Mary says this will be the last time she tries doing that.
Mary says that she hasn't yet had time to read the report.
Mary says that she has to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Mary says she'll do that, but I wonder if she really will.
Mary says she understands why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she thinks she'll be able to do that by herself.
Mary says she thinks it'll be impossible to do that today.
Mary says she knows Tom won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Mary says she knows Tom will want to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she intends to play golf with us this afternoon.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her she should do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her she has to do that.
Mary says she has something she needs to discuss with you.
Mary says she forgot to remind Tom that he had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to help John do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom needed to help John do that.
Mary says she can't put up with Tom's behavior any longer.
Mary says if she does that, Tom will probably yell at her.
Mary said to tell you she's sorry she can't be here today.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom had to do that.
Mary said that she was glad that that was going to happen.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom needed to do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom would be afraid to do that.
Mary said that she knows she can't do that as well as Tom.
Mary said that she hated the last song we sang last night.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really a Canadian.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she and Tom will probably be a little late.
Mary said that isn't the only reason she wants to do that.
Mary said she'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Mary said she'd walk the dog this morning, but she didn't.
Mary said she'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Mary said she'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Mary said she'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Mary said she'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Mary said she wished she hadn't had to do that by herself.
Mary said she wished Tom hadn't convinced John to do that.
Mary said she was talking to Tom when the lights went out.
Mary said she understands why Tom may not want to do that.
Mary said she understands why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought the statue weighed about pounds.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that again.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that again.
Mary said she thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that this week.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that this week.
Mary said she thought Tom was the best player on the team.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was difficult to get along with.
Mary said she thought Tom was amused by what was going on.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that with John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that with John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she thought Tom had already finished doing that.
Mary said she thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she plans to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Mary said she only eats vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary said she needed the rest of the money that I owe her.
Mary said she needed at least $to buy what she needed.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she knew Tom might be required to do that again.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to do some things she didn't want to do.
Mary said she expected Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needed to do that outside.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom went to kindergarten.
Mary said she didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really knew how to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French.
Mary said she didn't have very much experience doing that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he shouldn't do that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he needed to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do whatever she wants to do.
Mary said her parents let her do anything she wants to do.
Mary said doing that was more difficult than she expected.
Mary said Tom would help her, but I didn't think he would.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that today.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might be required to do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she'd keep their engagement secret.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't tell John what he had done.
Mary probably thinks that what she's doing is a good idea.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she's got to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
Mary poured herself another glass of wine from the bottle.
Mary played the oboe and Tom accompanied her on the piano.
Mary parked her car in the vacant lot next to Tom's house.
Mary parked her car in the driveway just behind Tom's car.
Mary only needed to tell me once what she wanted me to do.
Mary only had a few visitors when she was in the hospital.
Mary noticed that she and Tom were finally alone together.
Mary never would've done what you've accused her of doing.
Mary never would've done that if Tom had asked her not to.
Mary never told me exactly how she and Tom met each other.
Mary needs to make sure that she's ready to leave by 2:30.
Mary needs to make sure that she has everything she needs.
Mary needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary loves the new toy that Tom gave her for her birthday.
Mary looked around to make sure no one was looking at her.
Mary likes Boston better than any other place she's lived.
Mary left three hours ago so she should've arrived by now.
Mary learned how to do that when she was living in Boston.
Mary knew there were plenty of people who agreed with her.
Mary knew that Tom would be drunk by the time he got home.
Mary knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary just told me that she doesn't plan to stay in Boston.
Mary isn't supposed to be eating in the classroom, is she?
Mary isn't as good at speaking French as you think she is.
Mary isn't able to do that alone. You'll have to help her.
Mary is very likely going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is the one who said she was too busy to help, not me.
Mary is still thinking about whether she should go or not.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary is probably going to finish what she's doing by 2:30.
Mary is likely going to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is good at French, but she's a lot better at English.
Mary is going to need at least $to buy what she needs.
Mary is going to have a party at her place Monday evening.
Mary hoped she'd have time to eat before she had to leave.
Mary helped herself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
Mary has put on some weight since the last time I saw her.
Mary has been waiting all morning for someone to help her.
Mary has been on vacation with her family for a few weeks.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't want him to do that.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary has a French test tomorrow that she has to study for.
Mary had no choice but to do what the boss told her to do.
Mary had enough sense to not go out by herself after dark.
Mary's knees went weak.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary had changed so much that I didn't even recognize her.
Mary got to the station too late, so she missed the train.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way to the supermarket.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be surprised if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why people don't like her.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try doing that by herself.
Mary doesn't know if Tom will go with her tomorrow or not.
Mary doesn't have to talk about it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't want to eat.
Mary didn't want to help and Tom couldn't persuade her to.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd seen Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't start playing the violin until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem surprised when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't let on that she knew about the surprise party.
Mary didn't know whether Tom wanted her to do that or not.
Mary didn't have enough space to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't do that as much last week as she usually does.
Mary didn't begin to play the guitar until she was thirty.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to babysit her children.
Mary did everything she could to stop Tom from doing that.
Mary did everything she could to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary denied that she was the one who asked Tom to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who asked her to do that.
Mary decided to go back to doing that the way she used to.
Mary couldn't go because she was unable to get permission.
Mary couldn't find a job in Boston, so she came back home.
Mary couldn't decide exactly when she should go to Boston.
Mary couldn't accomplish everything she'd hoped she could.
Mary could've been in Boston by now if she'd wanted to be.
Mary can't help move the piano because she has a bad back.
Mary can take her time. Tell her there's no need to hurry.
Mary came to Boston for the first time when she was three.
Mary ate the chocolate chip cookies that Tom made for her.
Mary asked Tom to teach her some useful phrases in French.
Mary apologized for not doing what she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom lived.
Let's tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us.
It's too bad that Mary didn't ask Tom to help her do that.
If you ask Mary to lend you some money, she probably will.
If Mary was planning not to be here, she would've told me.
If Mary didn't think we needed help, she wouldn't be here.
If Mary could've spoken French, she would've had more fun.
I'm the one who told Mary that she needed to study French.
I'm looking for Mary. You don't know where she is, do you?
I'm going over to Mary's to help her clean out her garage.
I'm going over to Mary's house now to tell her about that.
I'm glad you got a chance to talk to Mary before she left.
I'll try to find out why Mary did that the way she did it.
I wish Mary would eat what I give her without complaining.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Mary said she wasn't very happy here.
I told Mary some things about Boston that she didn't know.
I think we should tell Mary that she needs to work harder.
I should've told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've listened to Mary when she warned me about you.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't want to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't need to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't have to be.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should be doing.
I didn't know why Mary wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
I can't wait for Mary to come home so I can show her this.
I asked Mary why she didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't enjoy doing that?
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even though Mary is old, she can still do that quite well.
Even though I told Mary she needed to do that, she didn't.
Do you think Mary would've done that if we'd asked her to?
Did Mary tell you about what she and Tom did last weekend?
Did Mary say she thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Mary ever talk to you about what she did in Australia?
Ask Mary if she plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
You told Mary I thought she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You should tell Mary that she has nothing to worry about.
You don't have to like Mary. You just have work with her.
Would you like me to ask Mary why she doesn't want to go?
Would Mary care if we started eating before she got here?
Will you please tell Mary she has nothing to worry about?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what the problem is?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she didn't need to do that?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she didn't have to do that?
Why didn't Mary tell us that she didn't know how to swim?
Who told you Mary wouldn't be able to do that by herself?
Who did Mary think was going to drive her to the airport?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a hospital gown.
The last time I saw Mary she was headed toward the beach.
The kidnappers gagged Mary and locked her up in a closet.
The doctor told Mary that she needed to lose some weight.
Since Mary isn't feeling well, she won't do that with us.
Please try to find out why Mary did that the way she did.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that sometime this week.
Not only does Mary speak French, she also speaks English.
Maybe you should let Mary go to Boston like she wants to.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary's doctor advised her to take better care of herself.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that, would she?
Mary would've never done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't she?
Mary wondered what was in the box that Tom had given her.
Mary won't likely tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary won't be able to do anything you've asked her to do.
Mary woke up when she heard someone knocking on the door.
Mary wishes she could speak French like a native speaker.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to learn how to do that.
Mary will probably get injured if she does that that way.
Mary will need at least $to buy everything she needs.
Mary will likely be very grateful if you do that for her.
Mary wasn't very good at doing that when she was younger.
Mary wasn't the first one who said she'd like to do that.
Mary wasn't the first one who said she wanted to do that.
Mary was worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary was supposed to call Tom last night, but she forgot.
Mary was sitting by herself on the porch, reading a book.
Mary was sick, so she couldn't come to my birthday party.
Mary was shorter than me last year, but now she's taller.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she wouldn't do that.
Mary was heading out of town when I saw her this morning.
Mary was fired because she often showed up late for work.
Mary was angry because I didn't help her paint the fence.
Mary was about to say something, but she stopped herself.
Mary was able to do that better than I thought she would.
Mary wants to find an apartment close to where she works.
Mary walks her dog every morning before she goes to work.
Mary used the money Tom gave her to buy something to eat.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary tried to do that by herself, but she wasn't able to.
Mary took the key out of her pocket and handed it to Tom.
Mary took the bottle from Tom and poured herself a drink.
Mary told the waiter that she'd rather sit by the window.
Mary told the cab driver to take her to the Hilton Hotel.
Mary told me that she's glad that that's going to happen.
Mary told me that she's faster at doing that than Tom is.
Mary told me that she's better at doing that than Tom is.
Mary told me that she'll do that the way Tom told her to.
Mary told me that she'd be gone by the time we got there.
Mary told me that she was quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she thought you could probably do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was through doing that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been irresponsible.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been disrespectful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could probably do that.
Mary told me she's been living in Boston for three years.
Mary told me she was planning to go to college in Boston.
Mary told me she was planning to go to Boston in October.
Mary told me she wanted to wait until October to do that.
Mary told me she thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she had a trombone she wasn't using anymore.
Mary told me she didn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Mary told me she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary told everybody at work that she was going to retire.
Mary told everybody at work that she was getting married.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told Tom that she was glad that he'd come to Boston.
She looked at him with starry eyes.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in his office.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was engaged to Alice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John could likely do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was retired yet.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in his room.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think Alice was attractive.
Mary told Tom that he's faster at doing that than she is.
Mary told Tom she didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Mary told Tom he didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Mary thought that she should go to Boston to be with Tom.
Mary thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary thinks some of her friends might be able to do that.
Mary tends to get angry when people don't agree with her.
Mary swore she wouldn't tell Tom about what had happened.
Mary still hasn't told me why she's not going to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she isn't going to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't want to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't need to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't have to do that.
Mary spent a few years in Boston when she was in college.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom about the job she's been offered.
Mary should've been glad that she didn't have to do that.
Mary should've been able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary should tell Tom she'd never do anything to hurt him.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's not going to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she isn't going to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's going to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary seemed to be unaware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her where Tom had gone.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her she had to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom had to do that.
Mary says that she's willing to help us paint our garage.
Mary says that she'll study French with Tom this evening.
Mary says she wants to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Mary says she wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Mary says she thought she could do that without any help.
Mary says she thinks Tom ate dinner with John last night.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help her do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't have to do that by himself.
Mary says she knows Tom could do that if he tried harder.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that tomorrow.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who to give the package to.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she has something she has to do this afternoon.
Mary says she expects Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Mary says she doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom wants to do that with.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning to stay.
Mary says she doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Mary says she believes she can do that without your help.
Mary says everyone she knows can take care of themselves.
Mary said we could go to Boston with her if we wanted to.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do to help Tom.
Mary said the beach was nicer than she expected it to be.
Mary said that was the first time she'd tried to do that.
Mary said that was the first time she'd tried doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't very sorry for what she'd done.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom could do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she was responsible for what had happened.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said that she thought she smelled something burning.
Mary said that she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary said that she thought Tom was just about to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be safe.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be hard.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be easy.
Mary said she's very hungry every day when she gets home.
Mary said she'll probably go shopping with Tom on Monday.
Mary said she'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Mary said she'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom about what needed to be done.
Mary said she'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Mary said she'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Mary said she'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Mary said she wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Mary said she wished she hadn't permitted Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't convinced Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been late to Tom's party.
Mary said she wished she could figure out how to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom hadn't convinced her to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Mary said she was very concerned about what might happen.
Mary said she was hoping she and Tom could sing together.
Mary said she was going to be in Boston for another week.
Mary said she was able to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary said she was able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary said she usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Mary said she thought that Tom wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that on Monday.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that here.
Mary said she thought she knew the cause of the accident.
Mary said she thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom would unlikely want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't good at speaking French.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room reading a book.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that for John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that for John.
Mary said she thought I might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Mary said she shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Mary said she sees Tom waiting for the bus every morning.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she knew she might be required to do that soon.
Mary said she knew she might be allowed to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she has something she had to do this afternoon.
Mary said she had some personal problems to take care of.
Mary said she doesn't understand why you want to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Mary said she didn't think you should ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she'd ever be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she had any chance of winning.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't remember where she'd parked the car.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary said she could do that, but in reality she couldn't.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he ought to do that.
Mary said her parents allow her to do whatever she wants.
Mary said her parents allow her to do anything she wants.
Mary said Tom probably couldn't do that without her help.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said I looked thinner than the last time she saw me.
Mary realized there was nothing she could do to help Tom.
Mary realized that she wasn't the same as the other kids.
Mary realized that she wasn't as smart as the other kids.
Mary put everything Tom had given her in her desk drawer.
Mary promised me that she'd do that before she went home.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom would like her to do.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom thinks she should do.
Mary probably doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary pretended to be angry even though she really wasn't.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom calling her name.
Mary pretended not to notice that Tom was looking at her.
Mary often sleeps on the train on her way home from work.
Mary offered me a beer, but I told her I didn't want one.
Mary never would've done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary never told Tom where she hid the money she'd stolen.
Mary never does anything for anybody, except for herself.
Mary needs to study more if she hopes to pass this class.
Mary might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see her.
Mary might be able to do better if we gave her more time.
Mary may not want to sing, but you should ask her anyway.
Mary may do whatever she likes with the money I gave her.
Mary looked both ways before she crossed the busy street.
Mary learned from her parents that she shouldn't do that.
Mary knows there are plenty of people who agree with her.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary knew it was too late to call, but she called anyway.
Mary knew it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
Mary isn't as interested in doing that as she used to be.
Mary is still mad at us for not doing what she requested.
Mary is so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
Mary is rich enough to buy just about anything she wants.
Mary is hoping she can go to Boston with Tom next summer.
Mary is having an allergic reaction to something she ate.
Mary is going to get herself killed if she's not careful.
Mary introduced herself to the people behind the counter.
Mary hopes Tom can come over to her house this afternoon.
Mary hoped Tom would be well enough to come to her party.
Mary has willingly done everything we've asked her to do.
Mary has until Monday to finish the report she's writing.
Mary has to finish what she's doing before she can leave.
Mary has made up her mind to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she really wants.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she really needs.
Mary has been living by herself for the past three years.
Mary has been living by herself for the last three years.
Mary has already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary has already finished the work that she needed to do.
Mary had a hard time making herself understood in French.
Mary enjoys swimming almost as much as she enjoys skiing.
Mary drank three cups of coffee before she left for work.
Mary doesn't think she'll have the time to do that today.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be mad even if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't know why her boss wants her to go to Boston.
Mary doesn't know who's living in the house next to hers.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her do that.
Mary doesn't know what happened because she wasn't there.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary doesn't have to wash the car if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to say anything if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have any idea when Tom wants her to do that.
Mary doesn't have any friends who're willing to help her.
Mary doesn't have any friends she can talk to about this.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't tell you about what happened to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't tell me why she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd dropped out of school.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't start to play the piano until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to plant the roses.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she didn't say anything.
Mary didn't know that I was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know how much money she should take with her.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy any food.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy a ticket.
Mary didn't care who helped her, as long as somebody did.
Mary didn't believe me when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary did say that, but I don't think she really meant it.
Mary did everything she thought Tom would want her to do.
Mary denied that she was the one who told Tom to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who told her to do that.
Mary decided it was up to her to make the final decision.
Mary crawled into bed and pulled the covers over herself.
Mary couldn't eat anything, but she drank a little water.
Mary couldn't count to ten until she was three years old.
Mary could've been suspicious, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could refuse to do that, but I don't think she will.
Mary could force you to do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary continues to deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary complained that she didn't have enough time to read.
Mary can't quite bring herself to tell Tom she loves him.
Mary can't do that by himself. Could you please help her?
Mary can read some French, but she can't speak it at all.
Mary burned all the pictures she had of her ex-boyfriend.
Mary bought everything she needed in just thirty minutes.
Mary asked me to stay with her until her father got home.
Mary asked Tom to remind her to call John in the morning.
Mary admitted to Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that that was the real reason she did that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she couldn't really understand French.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money, but he denied it.
It's hard to believe Mary would do what you said she did.
It wasn't Mary. It was just someone that looked like her.
It looks like Mary doesn't think she has a chance to win.
If Mary isn't careful, she's going to get herself killed.
If Mary had had something to throw, she'd have thrown it.
If Mary ate more vegetables, she'd probably be healthier.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that you're looking for her.
I've been trying to figure out how Mary did what she did.
I'm sure that Mary appreciates everything you do for her.
I'm sure Mary appreciates everything you've done for her.
I'm pretty sure that Mary believed everything I told her.
I'm going to make sure Mary does what you told her to do.
I'll see to it that Mary does what you've told her to do.
I wonder why Mary pretended she didn't understand French.
I wonder whether Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wish Mary would hurry up and do what she said she'd do.
I wish I hadn't told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I wasn't the one who told Mary that she couldn't be here.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she had to do that.
I want to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never showed up.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she did it with me.
I think you should let Mary know that you don't like her.
I think Mary probably isn't as young as you think she is.
I think Mary might've taken something she shouldn't have.
I think Mary lived in Boston when she was in high school.
I think Mary knows she's supposed to give a speech today.
I think Mary doesn't win very often when she plays chess.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I should've told Mary why she wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've told Mary that she needed to be more careful.
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure I want to marry her.
I hope Mary tells Tom that she can't really speak French.
I have a feeling Mary won't do what she's promised to do.
I ended up telling Mary what you told me not to tell her.
I ended up telling Mary what Tom told me not to tell her.
I didn't realize that Mary wanted me to do that with her.
I didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
I asked Mary what had happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary some questions and she answered all of them.
How did Mary talk Tom into helping her with her homework?
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't like doing that?
Everybody except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even though Mary studied very hard, she failed the class.
Don't you think we should let Mary do whatever she wants?
Does Mary still do the same kind of stuff she used to do?
Does Mary really win every time she plays chess with Tom?
Did you ever ask Mary how much she was paid for that job?
Can Mary really speak French as well as she says she can?
Ask Mary whether she's going to eat lunch with us or not.
Are you suggesting that Mary can't do the job by herself?
All Mary told me was that she wouldn't be at the meeting.
You think Mary could've done that on her own, don't you?
You should tell Mary that Tom has been asking about her.
You should probably tell Mary when she needs to be here.
You should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You knew Mary told Tom she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Mary could do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary had to do that by herself, did you?
You can't keep Mary from doing whatever she wants to do.
Yesterday, Mary told me that she'd never been to Boston.
Wouldn't it be better if Mary didn't do that by herself?
Would you tell Mary what she did that made you so angry?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her at the airport?
When was the last time you told Mary that you loved her?
When Mary told Tom that she'd kissed John, he got upset.
Were you with Mary when she slipped and fell on the ice?
There's no way Mary could've done what you said she did.
One of Mary's students gave her an interesting painting.
My guess is that Mary won't do what you asked her to do.
Mary's very proud of what she's been able to accomplish.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants to do.
Mary's garage is filled with things that she never uses.
Mary wouldn't have gone to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't be doing that today if she didn't have to.
Mary would probably go hiking with us if we invited her.
Mary would probably do that for you if you asked her to.
Mary would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
Mary would be able to do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary would be a better teacher if she were more patient.
Mary worries too much about what people think about her.
Mary wondered why none of her friends wanted to do that.
Mary wondered if Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary wondered if Tom loved her as much as she loved him.
Mary wondered if Tom liked her as much as she liked him.
Mary won't likely be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary won't likely be as angry at Tom as she was at John.
Mary won't be able to finish the job unless we help her.
Mary won't be able to do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to buy everything she needs for $300.
Mary wished that she had been the one who had done that.
Mary will probably be able to do that faster on her own.
Mary will probably be able to do that faster by herself.
Mary will likely spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Mary will be really tired when she gets home, won't she?
Mary will be able to do that if she puts her mind to it.
Mary went into the room and slammed the door behind her.
Mary watched Tom drive away and then got in her own car.
Mary wasn't wearing her uniform the last time I saw her.
Mary wasn't wearing a straw hat the last time I saw her.
Mary wasn't supposed to be at school today, but she was.
Mary wasn't at home when I went to visit her last night.
Mary wasn't able to help us today, because she was busy.
Mary was unable to get Tom to understand what she meant.
Mary was supposed to be at school today, but she wasn't.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she'd already eaten.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she didn't love him.
Mary was disappointed that Tom didn't come to her party.
Mary was afraid that she wouldn't get to school on time.
Mary wants us to know that she was the one who did that.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom goodbye, but knew she shouldn't.
Mary wanted Tom to stay where he was until she got back.
Mary walked into the kitchen to get herself some coffee.
Mary usually wears sunglasses whenever she goes outside.
Mary used to do that a lot, but she seldom does anymore.
Mary unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around herself.
Mary turned around to see what was happening behind her.
Mary told me that you were with her yesterday afternoon.
Mary told me that she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told me that she was the one who needed to do that.
Mary told me that she thought my speech was interesting.
Mary told me that she thought I should lose some weight.
Mary told me that she intended to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary told me that she and Tom were going to get married.
Mary told me she wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Mary told me she needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Mary told me last month that she was planning to retire.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was too old for her.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in the basement.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was being sarcastic.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was interested.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was downstairs.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was dependable.
Mary told Tom she'd stay where she was and wait for him.
Mary told Tom she wanted him to stay in Boston with her.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach her how to drive.
Mary told Tom she thought they should get back together.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Mary thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary thought she probably shouldn't go there by herself.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that again.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary still doesn't understand what she's supposed to do.
Mary still doesn't know who's going to help her do that.
Mary stayed in bed because she wasn't feeling very well.
Mary started taking piano lessons when she was thirteen.
Mary started laughing when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary shouted as loud as she could, but nobody heard her.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's going to Boston.
Mary seems a lot happier now that she's found a new job.
Mary seemed to understand why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what had happened.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary says this will be the last time she ever does this.
Mary says this will be the last time she ever does that.
Mary says this is the first time she's tried to do that.
Mary says this is the first time she's tried doing that.
Mary says there was no reason why she shouldn't do that.
Mary says she'll do that regardless of the consequences.
Mary says she thinks it might be interesting to do that.
