Tom recommends that you not do that again.
Didn't you know Tom was living with us?
Tom quit his job soon after his wife died.
You won't do that by yourself, will you?
Didn't you know Tom plays the clarinet?
Tom put on someone else's coat by mistake.
You won't be permitted to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom is good at cooking?
Tom promised us he wouldn't do that again.
You won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Didn't you know Tom enjoyed doing that?
Tom probably won't have to wait very long.
You weren't forced to do that, were you?
Didn't you know Tom didn't need a visa?
Tom probably won't be doing that tomorrow.
You weren't afraid to do that, were you?
Didn't you know Tom could speak French?
Tom probably won't be called as a witness.
You were the one who told us to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and I were married?
Tom probably shouldn't do that by himself.
You were scared to do that, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm hungry.
You were in Boston in 2013, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom is in Boston now?
Tom probably doesn't know that I hate him.
You were hoping to do that, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom is afraid of you?
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that.
You were forced to do that, weren't you?
Did you know Tom was going to say that?
Tom pretended he didn't understand French.
You think you should do that, don't you?
Did you know Tom was going to be there?
Tom plays the banjo as well as the guitar.
You think I'll do that later, don't you?
Did you know Tom was going to be fired?
Tom packed his lunch in a brown paper bag.
You think I ought to do that, don't you?
Did you know Tom was coming here today?
Tom only has three hours to get that done.
You shouldn't do that until I get there.
Both Tom and his son have been injured.
Tom only did that because you told him to.
You should've refused to stay in Boston.
Ask Tom if he wants to eat out tonight.
Tom often helps his mother in the kitchen.
You should wait until Monday to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with us.
Tom often falls asleep in front of the TV.
You should have someone do that for you.
Ask Tom if he can go to Boston with us.
Tom noticed that the garage door was open.
You should be through doing that by now.
As a matter of fact, Tom can't do that.
Tom never takes me out for dinner anymore.
You should be doing that somewhere else.
Aren't you mad that Tom didn't do that?
Tom moved to Boston just three months ago.
You should be doing that someplace else.
You're doing that for Tom, aren't you?
Tom looked like he was enjoying the party.
You seemed shy the first time I met you.
You'd better tell Tom to do that, too.
Tom lives in Boston with his grandparents.
You promised you wouldn't do that today.
You were lucky Tom helped you do that.
Tom let me know that he wanted to do that.
You promised you wouldn't do that again.
You told Tom you did that, didn't you?
Tom left the room to get a glass of water.
You promised to do that, but you didn't.
You think Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom leaves for work at 6:every morning.
You may use my surfboard if you want to.
You still don't like Tom much, do you?
Tom learned how to do that just last year.
You may use my lawnmower if you want to.
You spoke French with Tom, didn't you?
Tom knows who can sing well and who can't.
You may pick as many apples as you want.
You should tell Tom you won't do that.
Tom knows that now is the time to do that.
You may eat as many cookies as you want.
You should tell Tom you can't do that.
Tom knows it isn't a good idea to do that.
You look like you're enjoying the party.
You should get Tom to do that for you.
Tom knows he's not supposed to park there.
You look like you don't know what to do.
You should do that the way Tom did it.
Tom knows I was supposed to do that today.
You look just like a guy I used to know.
You seem to be a lot smarter than Tom.
Tom knew it wasn't a good idea to do that.
You know I'd hate to do that, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that, don't you?
Tom isn't very likely to enjoy that movie.
You know I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You hope Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom isn't very good at doing that, either.
You know I can't be in Boston next week.
You don't want Tom to help me, do you?
Tom isn't under any obligation to do that.
You knew I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You don't want Tom to do that, do you?
Tom isn't sure who to give the message to.
You have to do that as soon as possible.
You don't want Tom doing that, do you?
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that today.
You gave a speech yesterday, didn't you?
You don't like Tom doing that, do you?
Tom isn't really sure what he ought to do.
You don't want to do that today, do you?
You did the same thing Tom did, right?
Tom isn't really sure what he needs to do.
You don't want to do that again, do you?
You always do that for Tom, don't you?
Tom isn't likely to permit you to do that.
You don't think I could do that, do you?
Would Tom still be willing to do that?
Tom isn't likely to be in Boston now.
You don't still want to do that, do you?
Why wasn't Tom in Boston last weekend?
Tom isn't going to hang out with us today.
You don't still need to do that, do you?
Why didn't Tom need to be there early?
Tom is too serious to consider doing that.
You don't still have to do that, do you?
Who told you Tom didn't like hot food?
Tom is the only one who's overweight here.
You don't seem to be willing to do that.
What should we do after Tom gets here?
Tom is the only one who needed to do that.
You don't really care what I do, do you?
What kind of trouble did Tom get into?
Tom is the only one who enjoys doing that.
You don't need my permission to do that.
What kind of treatment is Tom getting?
Tom is the most likely to want to do that.
You don't know what you've been missing.
What did you tell Tom he needed to do?
Tom is the guy over there with brown hair.
You don't have to get up early tomorrow.
What color shirt is Tom wearing today?
Tom is the first boy I ever went out with.
You don't have to do that today, do you?
What I'll do depends on what Tom does.
Tom is still thinking about what happened.
You don't have the authority to do that.
Were you in Boston with Tom last week?
Tom is still reluctant to do that for you.
You don't believe I can do that, do you?
We should let Tom go home early today.
Tom is sick, so he probably won't do that.
You didn't want to do that, did you?
There's no way Tom would've done that.
Tom is sick, so he can't do that today.
You didn't look like you were surprised.
The problem is that Tom won't do that.
Tom is scheduled to speak on October 20th.
You didn't look like you were exhausted.
The problem is that Tom can't do that.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a house.
You didn't get paid to do that, did you?
The only one under thirty here is Tom.
Tom is probably studying French right now.
You didn't even try to do that, did you?
The only one here who's afraid is Tom.
Tom is one of the three guys who did that.
You didn't come here yesterday, did you?
The money Tom found was in $bills.
Tom is one of the stingiest people I know.
You did that three days ago, didn't you?
The DA said he wouldn't prosecute Tom.
Tom is lucky to have so many good friends.
You bought a coat yesterday, didn't you?
Tell Tom he has to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to be outside near the pool.
You bought a bottle of wine, didn't you?
Tell Tom I won't study French tonight.
Tom is likely to be in Boston next Monday.
You aren't supposed to be here, are you?
Please tell Tom to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to be determined to do that.
You apparently shouldn't have done that.
Please tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom is likely to be hungry when he gets home.
You already seem to know how to do that.
Perhaps Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom is in his bedroom, counting his money.
Yesterday was my grandmother's birthday.
Perhaps Tom can go to Boston with you.
Tom is good at giving simple explanations.
Would you give me permission to do that?
Maybe Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom is going to go to Boston next weekend.
Will it be all right if I do that today?
Maybe Tom doesn't know why we're here.
Tom is going to Boston again next weekend.
Why don't you to do that sometime today?
It's quite possible that Tom did that.
Tom is busy and can't meet with you today.
Why do you think people like to do that?
It's possible that Tom did that alone.
Tom is among those are planning to attend.
Who's the tallest person in your family?
It would be stupid for Tom to do that.
Tom is also mentioned in the book as well.
Who's the most creative person you know?
It would be nice if Tom could do that.
Tom is actually a very good soccer player.
Who were you waiting for here yesterday?
It won't be long before Tom does that.
Tom is able to speak three languages well.
Who told you you didn't need to do that?
It seemed like Tom had fun doing that.
Tom is able to play the bassoon very well.
Who told you you didn't have to do that?
It seemed like Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom hurt himself when he tried to do that.
Who told you that you needed to do that?
It looks like Tom does that very well.
Tom hopes to be in Boston by late October.
Who told you I wouldn't want to do that?
It looked like Tom had fun doing that.
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that.
Which do you like better, coffee or tea?
Is Tom the only one who can't do that?
Tom has vowed that he won't do that again.
When does the bus leave for the airport?
If I don't do that, Tom will be angry.
Tom has very little experience doing that.
When are you going to finish doing that?
I've made sure that Tom won't do that.
Tom has until next month to get that done.
What software do you use the most often?
I've forgotten the name of Tom's wife.
Tom has to be finished doing that by 2:30.
What makes you think we have to do that?
I'm the only person Tom ever talks to.
Tom has three times as much money as I do.
What kinds of books do you like to read?
I'm sure that's not the movie Tom saw.
Tom has suggested that we eat out tonight.
What kind of music do you like the most?
I'm sure that's not the car Tom wants.
Tom has lived abroad for most of his life.
What do you want to do tomorrow morning?
I'm sure Tom will know how to do that.
Tom has half again as many stamps as I do.
We're three months away from graduation.
I'm sure Tom will be eager to do that.
Tom has had many opportunities to do that.
We're going to stay in Boston all month.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be alone.
Tom has enough money to buy what he wants.
We won't wait for you, so don't be late.
I'm positive Tom will be able to do that.
Tom has enough money to buy what he needs.
We were doing that just a few hours ago.
I'm not sure what kind of car Tom has.
We tried many different ways to do that.
I'm going to Boston with Tom tomorrow.
Tom has decided to try doing that himself.
We should talk to each other more often.
I'm doing the same thing Tom is doing.
Tom has decided to move back to Australia.
We really should be in Boston right now.
I'll do that for Tom if he asks me to.
Tom has decided to leave tomorrow morning.
We probably won't have to do that again.
I'll do that again if Tom wants me to.
Tom has decided to come back to Australia.
We need to deal with that problem today.
I'd rather stay here than go to Tom's.
Tom has been using crutches to get around.
We might actually be in Boston all year.
I'd never seen Tom that scared before.
Tom has been told he should wear a helmet.
We left Boston at 2:in the afternoon.
I'd never seen Tom that afraid before.
Tom has been the chairman for three years.
We have to do that before it's too late.
I'd expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Tom has been struggling to make ends meet.
We got another chance to try doing that.
I'd expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom has been mugged three times this year.
We didn't come to Boston last Christmas.
I'd do that for Tom if he asked me to.
Tom has been helping me for quite a while.
We couldn't go to Boston last Christmas.
I wouldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom has been doing that since last summer.
We almost never see rabbits around here.
I would've advised Tom not to do that.
Tom has been doing that since he was born.
Walking with a dog is my responsibility.
I wonder why Tom doesn't wear glasses.
Tom has been asking me a lot of questions.
Unfortunately, I can't buy that for you.
I wonder who'll go to Boston with Tom.
Tom has been accused of inciting violence.
Today we'll eat dinner later than usual.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that.
Tom has also written many articles for us.
This supermarket is open hours a day.
I wonder whether Tom needs to do that.
Tom has also spent some time in Australia.
This place is famous for its waterfalls.
I wonder if Tom was trying to do that.
Tom has already told me I need to do that.
This morning's meeting wasn't very long.
I wonder if Tom knows he's overweight.
Tom has already told me I have to do that.
This kind of weather isn't that unusual.
I wonder if Tom is tempted to do that.
Tom has already been here for three hours.
This is the last time I plan to do this.
I wonder if Tom has done that already.
Tom has already apologized for doing that.
This is a letter from one of my friends.
I won't permit Tom to do that anymore.
Tom has advised me not to stop doing that.
This beach is very popular with surfers.
I won't be able to get Tom to do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that anymore.
This beach is also popular with surfers.
I wish I'd never asked Tom to do that.
Tom has a very beautiful teenage daughter.
This area is famous for beautiful women.
I wish I were with Tom back in Boston.
Tom grows tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce.
They violated the terms of the contract.
I wish I hadn't played chess with Tom.
Tom grew a beard so he'd look more mature.
They come here every day in the evening.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom.
Tom got the highest grade on today's test.
There was nothing I could do about that.
I wasn't with Tom yesterday afternoon.
Tom got a very high score on today's test.
The past three days have been very hard.
Tom goes to the park almost every morning.
The past three days have been very cold.
I was hoping Tom could do that for me.
Tom gave me advice on which stocks to buy.
The lady behind the counter seemed nice.
I was hoping I could help Tom do that.
Tom gave concerts until his death in 2013.
The girl carrying a banjo seemed scared.
I wanted to go wherever Tom was going.
Tom frequently does that when he's scared.
The first thing I noticed was the smell.
I wanted to go to Boston to visit Tom.
Tom finally managed to buy what he needed.
The boy carrying a ukulele was barefoot.
I want to see Tom riding his unicycle.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he has to do.
That's the woman who told me what to do.
I want to know what Tom said about me.
Tom doesn't want you to do that right now.
That's the woman who sold me the ticket.
I want to give my old computer to Tom.
Tom doesn't want to go and I don't either.
That was the first time I ever did that.
I want Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the one to do that.
That was my first time to eat horsemeat.
I understand why Tom wants to do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to do that.
Surely you can find the time to do that.
I tried to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom doesn't think you should've done that.
Shouldn't you be doing that by yourself?
I tried to help Tom decide what to do.
Tom doesn't think you know how to do that.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that for him.
Tom doesn't think we can do that, does he?
People hear only what they want to hear.
I told Tom I thought he could do that.
Tom doesn't think he's allowed to do that.
Only teenagers are permitted to do that.
I thought you said Tom should do that.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that today.
One of your front tires looks a bit low.
I thought you said Tom had to do that.
Tom doesn't think he can do that, does he?
One of us has to go to Boston next week.
I thought you said Tom didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be doing this.
One of my sisters became an interpreter.
I thought Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that.
My youngest daughter is three years old.
I thought Tom would do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't seem aware of what's going on.
My suitcase is over there next to yours.
I thought Tom would be retired by now.
Tom doesn't remember asking me to do that.
My great-grandfather was a teacher, too.
I thought Tom would be home on Monday.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that that way.
May I leave as soon as I finish my work?
I thought Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Tom doesn't pay attention to his teachers.
Mary is the most beautiful woman I know.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom doesn't often get a chance to do that.
It's very nice of you to do that for me.
I thought Tom wasn't going to be here.
Tom doesn't make me laugh like he used to.
It's time for you to pack up your stuff.
I thought Tom was unlikely to do that.
Tom doesn't look even a little bit scared.
It's quite possible that that'll happen.
I thought Tom was finished doing that.
Tom doesn't like to get his picture taken.
It's been fun hanging out with you guys.
I thought Tom had forgotten something.
Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
It's become necessary for me to do that.
I thought Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't know that I think he's stupid.
It'll probably be impossible to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be upset by that.
Tom doesn't know how to speak to children.
It'll probably be depressing to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom doesn't know how to play the mandolin.
It'll be boring if I don't do something.
I think Tom would have fun doing that.
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need.
It would've been interesting to do that.
I think Tom would be happy to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much money was taken.
It would be unethical for me to do that.
I think Tom won't be ready to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
It would be ridiculous to do that again.
I think Tom won't be here much longer.
Tom doesn't know any other way to do that.
It would be nice if you did that for me.
I think Tom will likely do that later.
Tom doesn't have the willpower to do that.
It would be impossible to do that again.
I think Tom went to Boston last month.
Tom doesn't have the authority to do that.
It would be good if you did that for me.
I think Tom might be a little nervous.
Tom doesn't have my permission to do that.
It would be easy to do that by yourself.
I think Tom is the only Canadian here.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as I do.
It would be depressing to do that again.
I think Tom is considering doing that.
Tom doesn't get paid very much to do that.
It would be dangerous for us to do that.
I think Tom has considered doing that.
Tom doesn't feel we're helping him enough.
It would be amazing if we could do that.
I think Tom did that better this time.
Tom doesn't ever come to visit us anymore.
It would be a very good idea to do that.
I think Tom could pass for a teenager.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing anymore.
It sounds like I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom could do that if he tried.
Tom doesn't do that as much as he used to.
It looks like you're enjoying the party.
I think I know why Tom had to do that.
Tom doesn't do much other than read books.
It looks like you have done that before.
I think I know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom does play the saxophone, but not well.
Is there any chance that you'll do that?
I think I can do that faster than Tom.
Tom does almost anything he's asked to do.
If you do that, it'll cause me problems.
I still have the umbrella Tom lent me.
Tom died on the same day his son was born.
I've seen this happen many times before.
I shouldn't have told Tom my password.
Tom died from his wounds three days later.
I've seen that happen many times before.
I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had to.
I've given up on the idea of doing that.
I should've let you talk to Tom first.
Tom didn't tell us what his last name was.
I've been trying to eat a balanced diet.
Tom didn't tell me he intended to do that.
I've been told to do that several times.
I should've invited Tom, but I didn't.
Tom didn't seem to know what he should do.
I've been charged with attempted murder.
I should've helped Tom move the couch.
Tom didn't seem to know what he had to do.
I've been asked not to help you do that.
I should've asked Tom why he did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him.
I'm wondering whether to do that or not.
I should tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom didn't say what he had planned to say.
I'm very happy that you did that for me.
I should tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom didn't really want to do that, did he?
I'm too young to get a driver's license.
I should probably tell Tom to do that.
Tom didn't really need to do that, did he?
I'm sure you could do that if you tried.
I should probably tell Tom I'm sleepy.
Tom didn't really mean to do that, did he?
I'm sure that I won't forget to do that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm hungry.
Tom didn't really have to do that, did he?
I'm sorry, but I can't do that tomorrow.
I should give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom didn't know when he needed to do that.
I'm not the only one who has to do that.
I seem to know a great deal about Tom.
Tom didn't know that you couldn't do that.
I'm not the only one allowed to do that.
I reminded Tom that he had to do that.
Tom didn't know that he needed to do that.
I'm going to have to do that eventually.
I promised to show Tom how to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he'd been asleep.
I'm going to Boston tomorrow to do that.
I often order the same thing Tom does.
Tom didn't know he didn't need to do that.
I'm glad that I've never been kidnapped.
I now know why Tom is still unmarried.
Tom didn't know he didn't have to do that.
I'm currently on the board of directors.
I need to borrow money from Tom again.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that.
I'll try to do that as soon as possible.
I lied to Tom when I said I'd do that.
Tom didn't even try to get out of the way.
I'll never be able to do that by myself.
I know why Tom is supposed to do that.
Tom didn't do that for me but for himself.
I'll do that tomorrow and the day after.
I know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't come to French class yesterday.
I'll be the only one allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is usually reasonable.
Tom did that for us for quite a few years.
I'd like you to do that for me tomorrow.
I know that Tom is anxious to do that.
Tom did that even better than we expected.
I'd like to hear more about your theory.
I know that Tom hardly ever does that.
Tom did that about as well as we expected.
I'd do that for you if you wanted me to.
I know that Tom doesn't often do that.
Tom couldn't think of a good hiding place.
I'd be thankful if you'd let me do that.
I know I'll need to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I'd be thankful if you'd do that for me.
I knew why Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom couldn't do that even if he wanted to.
I wouldn't do that even if they paid me.
I knew Tom wasn't planning to do that.
Tom could've retired, but he chose not to.
I worried I wouldn't be able to do that.
I hope that Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom could've been the last one to do that.
I wonder if it would be safe to do that.
I hope Tom won't be afraid to do that.
Tom could've been excused from doing that.
I won't need to come so early next time.
I hope Tom knows who wants to do that.
Tom could possibly be considered handsome.
I won't have to come so early next time.
I hope Tom knows who needs to do that.
Tom could never do that as well as you do.
I won't do that, no matter what happens.
I hope Tom isn't reluctant to do that.
Tom could get up to three years in prison.
I wish you wouldn't do that by yourself.
I hope Tom isn't motivated to do that.
Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
I wish I'd been tough enough to do that.
I hope Tom isn't desperate to do that.
Tom could get hurt if he tried to do that.
I wish I could understand French better.
I hope Tom is the next one to do that.
Tom caught a couple of big fish yesterday.
I wasn't the one who opened the windows.
I hope Tom is the last one to do that.
Tom came close to being run over by a car.
I wasn't sure if I could do that or not.
I hope Tom is in Boston all next week.
Tom calls his mother at least once a week.
I wasn't aware that I was being watched.
I hope Tom is forgiven for doing that.
Tom bought his wife everything she wanted.
I was told that I don't need to do that.
I hope Tom is excused from doing that.
Tom began to do that just a few weeks ago.
I was told that I don't have to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't tell us to do that.
Tom began doing that when he was thirteen.
I was the only one permitted to do that.
I helped Tom with his science project.
Tom backed the car into the parking space.
I was never given the chance to do that.
I helped Tom pull weeds in the garden.
Tom asked me why I hadn't eaten breakfast.
I was much busier than I thought I'd be.
I helped Tom pack his things in boxes.
Tom asked me to come to his house tonight.
I was at Harvard the same time you were.
I helped Tom clean up after the party.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that today.
I was afraid of snakes when I was a kid.
I helped Tom buy everything he needed.
Tom apologized to us for having done that.
I was a bartender when I was in college.
I heard that Tom doesn't do that much.
Tom and his family visited us last summer.
I want to try to do that again tomorrow.
I haven't met either of Tom's parents.
Tom and a few others were here until 2:30.
I want to know why you haven't left yet.
I have no idea why Tom had to do that.
Tom and I've just gotten back from Boston.
I want to know what you'd like to drink.
I had a hard time finding Tom's house.
Tom and I've been married for three years.
I want to know how much money you spent.
I go to the same school that Tom does.
Tom and I've been discussing that problem.
I want to have my car painted dark blue.
I don't want to tell Tom how old I am.
Tom and I'll be in Boston for three weeks.
I want to do that, but I don't know how.
I don't want to live next door to Tom.
Tom and I'll be getting married next year.
I want to become a pilot like my father.
I don't want to let Tom into my house.
Tom and I worked together on that project.
I want to be a famous basketball player.
I don't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Tom and I went skating together on Monday.
I used to go to Boston quite frequently.
I don't want to do what Tom suggested.
Tom and I went ice skating a few days ago.
I thought you were supposed to be there.
I don't want to do that, but Tom does.
Tom and I wanted to make each other happy.
I thought I might be allowed to do that.
I don't want to buy anything from Tom.
Tom and I wanted to go to Boston together.
I think that it's not proper to do that.
I don't want to answer Tom's question.
Tom and I want to buy a house with a pool.
I think it's probably unsafe to do that.
I don't want Tom to do that right now.
Tom and I walked down the stairs together.
I think it's little too late to do that.
I don't think that Tom was having fun.
Tom and I usually walk to school together.
I think it might not be wise to do that.
I don't think that Tom should do that.
Tom and I used to work in the same office.
I think it might not be safe to do that.
I don't think Tom would be interested.
Tom and I talked about all kinds of stuff.
I think it might not be easy to do that.
I don't think Tom will really do that.
Tom and I study at different universities.
I think I'd be able to help you do that.
I don't think Tom will likely do that.
Tom and I still aren't out of high school.
I think I can do that without your help.
I don't think Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom and I seldom give each other presents.
I suppose I could go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom will be disobedient.
Tom and I lived in Boston for a long time.
I started reading this book last Monday.
I don't think Tom will be discouraged.
Tom and I like to play badminton together.
I shouldn't have tried to do that alone.
I don't think Tom will be cooperative.
Tom and I have quit talking to each other.
I should've studied harder for the test.
I don't think Tom should've done that.
Tom and I hardly ever speak to each other.
I should've stayed for a few more hours.
I don't think Tom needs a new bicycle.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at your party.
I should've been at yesterday's meeting.
I don't think Tom is smarter than you.
Tom and I drank a bottle of wine together.
I should go ahead and do that by myself.
I don't think Tom is being reasonable.
Tom and I don't see each other very often.
I should be getting ready for the party.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the concert.
Tom and I don't like each other very much.
I should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't really like Tom all that much.
Tom and I did everything we could to help.
I really can't come to Boston next week.
I don't really enjoy singing with Tom.
Tom and I can't seem to agree on anything.
I promise that I'll be there in an hour.
I don't really care how Tom does that.
Tom and I became engaged three months ago.
I probably won't go to Boston this year.
I don't need to do that, but Tom does.
Tom and I baked three pies this afternoon.
I never expected this to happen so soon.
I don't like the way Tom makes coffee.
Tom and I are thinking of getting married.
I need to remember to do that on Monday.
I don't like doing that, but Tom does.
Tom and I are staying at the Hilton Hotel.
I might need to go to Boston in October.
I don't like any of Tom's suggestions.
Tom and I are getting married next spring.
I love you more than I love anyone else.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at school.
Tom always leaves all his curtains closed.
I looked at my reflection in the window.
I don't know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom almost never goes to places like that.
I looked at my reflection in the mirror.
I don't know why Tom needs to do that.
Tom almost hurt himself trying to do that.
I learned how to milk a cow last summer.
I don't know why Tom is so successful.
Tom almost did that when he was in Boston.
I learned how to do that just last week.
I don't know why Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom almost always laughs at his own jokes.
I know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow.
I don't know where Tom's parents live.
Tom Jackson is one of my favorite authors.
I knew doing that would be a lot of fun.
I don't know where Tom went to school.
Tom, when was it that you went to Boston?
I don't know where Tom studies French.
Tom's speech was only three minutes long.
I hope you don't get injured doing that.
I don't know where Tom studied French.
Tom's paintings didn't impress me at all.
I hope we get paid extra for doing that.
I don't know where Tom parked the car.
Tom's office is very different from mine.
I helped myself to another piece of pie.
I don't know where Tom parked his car.
Tom's house is surrounded by apple trees.
I helped everyone who asked me for help.
I don't know what Tom's last name was.
Tom's hearing has gradually gotten worse.
I don't know what Tom is trying to do.
Tom's guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
I have to finish doing this before 2:30.
I don't know how to get a hold of Tom.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I needed to do.
I had no idea that I was being impolite.
I don't know how much money Tom makes.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
I had a lot of difficulty in doing that.
I don't have to do that, but Tom does.
Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I had a headache, so I couldn't do that.
I don't eat meat and neither does Tom.
Tom would have to be an idiot to do that.
I guess I should've done that yesterday.
I don't do that the same way Tom does.
Tom would do that himself if he knew how.
I get up at the same time every morning.
I don't care whether Tom stays or not.
Tom works at night and sleeps during day.
I forgot that I had promised to do that.
I don't care where Tom goes to school.
Tom won't likely want to do that anymore.
I don't want you to do that by yourself.
I don't believe most of what Tom says.
Tom won't likely need to do that anymore.
I don't want to tell you how I did that.
I didn't want to play tennis with Tom.
Tom won't likely have to do that anymore.
I don't want to show you how to do that.
I didn't want to go swimming with Tom.
Tom won't likely get tired of doing that.
I don't want to go to the park with you.
I didn't want to buy anything for Tom.
Tom won't likely be reluctant to do that.
I don't want to go camping next weekend.
I didn't want the present Tom gave me.
Tom won't likely be motivated to do that.
I don't want to give anything to anyone.
I didn't want anything to do with Tom.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next month.
I don't want to do something I'd regret.
I didn't want Tom to worry about that.
Tom won't likely be desperate to do that.
I don't want to deal with what happened.
I didn't want Tom to come to my party.
Tom won't likely be back from Boston yet.
I don't want to be a lawyer or a doctor.
I didn't want Tom to become a soldier.
Tom won't be staying in Boston very long.
I don't understand why we're doing this.
I didn't think what Tom did was funny.
Tom won't be permitted to do that either.
I don't understand why I should do that.
I didn't think that Tom would kiss me.
Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I don't think we really need to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would do that.
Tom will wait as long as you tell him to.
I don't think we really have to do that.
I didn't think that Tom could do that.
Tom will probably do that this afternoon.
I don't think there's a market for that.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were funny.
Tom will probably do that again tomorrow.
I don't think that's such a big problem.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston.
Tom will probably be stubborn about that.
I don't think that what I did was wrong.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised.
Tom will probably be sensible about that.
I don't think it's wise to do that here.
I didn't think Tom would be impressed.
Tom will probably be hesitant to do that.
I don't think it'll snow this afternoon.
I didn't think Tom had ever done that.
Tom will probably be here this afternoon.
I don't think I have to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom will probably be doing that tomorrow.
I don't play chess as well as I used to.
I didn't tell Tom who to give that to.
Tom will probably be called as a witness.
I don't need your permission to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom will likely be in Boston next Monday.
I don't need to know where you're going.
I didn't tell Tom what had to be done.
Tom will likely be determined to do that.
I don't need to finish doing this today.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to do.
Tom will have to do that sooner or later.
I don't need to come back here tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to do.
Tom will be through doing that by Monday.
I don't mind whether you do that or not.
I didn't tell Tom anything about that.
Tom will be speaking in Boston on Monday.
I don't mind if you do that before I do.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten divorced.
Tom will apparently be on the same train.
I don't live very far from where I work.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't very interested in doing that.
I don't like to lend my books to anyone.
I didn't reply to Tom's email message.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian in the room.
I don't like to do that, but I'll do it.
I didn't really want to talk with Tom.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me do that.
I don't like milk or cream in my coffee.
I didn't really expect Tom to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who actually did that.
I don't let my children go out at night.
I didn't realize Tom had already left.
Tom wasn't actually the one who did that.
I didn't notice what Tom was drinking.
Tom was the only person who was arrested.
I don't know much about classical music.
I didn't like the way Tom spoke to me.
Tom was the first person to ever help me.
I don't know how to start my lawn mower.
I didn't know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom was locked in a room without windows.
I don't know how to eat with chopsticks.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to eat.
Tom was convinced that he had to do that.
I didn't know what was wrong with Tom.
Tom was being taken care of by his uncle.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait.
I didn't know what Tom intended to do.
Tom was able to do that without any help.
I didn't know that Tom would say that.
Tom wants to become a singer or an actor.
I don't know anything about the robbery.
I didn't know that Tom would be there.
Tom wants to be the first one to do that.
I don't have very many Canadian friends.
I didn't know that Tom was doing that.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with him.
I don't have to finish doing this today.
I didn't know that Tom was a Canadian.
Tom wanted to be the next one to do that.
I don't have to come back here tomorrow.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that.
Tom wanted to be the last one to do that.
I don't have much in my savings account.
I didn't know that Tom had three cats.
Tom wanted to be excused from doing that.
I don't have as much patience as you do.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like me.
Tom wanted to be at home with his family.
I don't have any trouble falling asleep.
I didn't know Tom would do that today.
Tom tried many different ways to do that.
I don't have any friends here in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was still in prison.
Tom tried figure out how to open the box.
I don't go fishing as much as I used to.
I didn't have to thank Tom, but I did.
Tom told us he didn't want us to do that.
I don't feel like playing outside today.
I didn't give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom told people what they needed to know.
I don't ever want to go to Boston again.
I didn't expect Tom to be so friendly.
Tom told me to be sure to try to do that.
I don't do that as often as I'd like to.
I didn't do everything Tom says I did.
Tom told me the picnic has been canceled.
I don't come here as often as I used to.
I didn't discuss the problem with Tom.
Tom told me that you're a French teacher.
I don't care whether you do that or not.
I didn't buy what Tom asked me to buy.
Tom told me that he's through doing that.
I don't care what happens to my old car.
I did everything the same way Tom did.
Tom told me that he's tempted to do that.
I don't allow my children to drink wine.
I couldn't get Tom to change his mind.
Tom told me that he'll be home on Monday.
I don't actually live in Boston anymore.
I couldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom told me that he got here early today.
I didn't want to talk about my problems.
I can't remember what Tom said he did.
Tom told me that I should come home soon.
I didn't want to take that kind of risk.
I can tell that Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom told me he'd wait until we got there.
I didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
I can do that way better than Tom can.
Tom thinks that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't want to buy a new refrigerator.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go abroad.
Tom thinks doing that would be a mistake.
I didn't want to admit that I was wrong.
I already know what Tom intends to do.
Tom surprised all of us when he did that.
I didn't understand what was being said.
I advised Tom not to do that too much.
Tom sure didn't throw the ball very well.
I didn't think you'd be absent all week.
How many times a day does Tom do that?
Tom suggested that we take a short break.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
How many hours a day does Tom do that?
Tom still won't talk about what happened.
I didn't think you would be so careless.
How many days has Tom been doing that?
Tom still isn't very good at windsurfing.
I didn't think that would embarrass you.
How did you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom still does that as often as possible.
I didn't think that was going to happen.
Don't forget to remind Tom to do that.
Tom started working here on October 20th.
I didn't think doing that would be safe.
Do you think Tom would likely do that?
Tom sprained his left ankle when he fell.
I didn't think I'd be busy this morning.
Do you think Tom will need to do that?
Tom sounds an awful lot like his brother.
I didn't think I was violating any laws.
Do you think Tom will have to do that?
Tom sometimes does that when he's upset.
I didn't tell anyone what my plans were.
Do you think Tom will be enthusiastic?
Tom sometimes does that when he's sleepy.
I didn't really need to get up so early.
Do you think Tom should do that alone?
Tom sometimes does that when he's hungry.
I didn't really feel like working today.
Do you think Tom might be sympathetic?
Tom shouldn't have done that, but he did.
I didn't mind helping you do the dishes.
Do you think Tom is afraid to do that?
Tom should've visited Boston last summer.
I didn't know your uncle lived with you.
Do you know why Tom needed to do that?
Tom should've stayed in Boston last week.
I didn't know you were going to do that.
Do you have any idea what Tom will do?
Tom should've had a little more patience.
I didn't know who was going to be there.
Didn't you know that Tom was Canadian?
Tom should've been in Boston last Monday.
I didn't know when I needed to be there.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't happy here?
Tom should try not to make so much noise.
I didn't know what was in the briefcase.
Didn't you know Tom wanted to do that?
Tom should seriously consider doing that.
I didn't know that you had so many cats.
Didn't you know Tom needed to do that?
Tom should be through doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that you couldn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom is good at French?
Tom should be present at today's meeting.
I didn't know that what I did was wrong.
Did you know that Tom was lying to me?
Tom should be glad he's not here with us.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that.
Did you know that Tom used to do that?
Tom should be finished doing that by now.
I didn't have to go to Boston last week.
Did you know Tom was still doing that?
Tom should be able to do that on his own.
I didn't have time, so I didn't do that.
Did you know Tom was living in Boston?
Tom seriously has to consider doing that.
I didn't have time to do that yesterday.
Did you know Tom was going to be late?
Tom seems to be aware of what's going on.
I didn't have the confidence to do that.
Did you know Tom bought a condominium?
Tom says the truck is still being loaded.
I didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Both of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
Tom says it's little too late to do that.
I didn't have any idea what I should do.
Both of Tom's brothers are in custody.
Tom says he's willing to do that for you.
I didn't have any difficulty doing that.
Both of Tom's brothers are doing that.
Tom says he's waiting for that to happen.
I didn't have a place to stay in Boston.
Are you sure Tom is going to be there?
Tom says he's read that book three times.
I didn't get to finish what I was doing.
Are you just going to let Tom do that?
Tom says he's been beaten up three times.
I didn't get married until I was thirty.
An ambulance took Tom to the hospital.
Tom says he's already decided to do that.
I didn't feel like doing that yesterday.
A mutual friend introduced Tom and me.
Tom says he wouldn't have paid that much.
I didn't do that because it was raining.
You've seen Tom do that, haven't you?
Tom says he won't be in Boston next week.
I didn't care whether we stayed or left.
You'll ask Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he wants to continue doing that.
I didn't buy everything I needed to buy.
You won't help Tom do that, will you?
Tom says he tries to do that once a week.
I couldn't have done that better myself.
You urged Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom says he never wants to do that again.
I can do that for you if you want me to.
You told Tom I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom says he makes thirty dollars an hour.
I bought this watch at an antique store.
You thought Tom did that, didn't you?
Tom says he hopes that you don't do that.
I bet it's not too difficult to do that.
You should try to get Tom to do that.
Tom says he finds doing that interesting.
I ate dinner at an expensive restaurant.
You should tell Tom to leave right away.
Tom says he doesn't want to go to Boston.
How often are you late for appointments?
You should probably help Tom do that.
Tom says he doesn't think that'll happen.
How many years have you been doing that?
You should have Tom buy that for you.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that.
How many weeks have you been doing that?
You saw how Tom did that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't like living downtown.
How many weeks did you spend doing that?
You need to go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that.
How many times a week do you go jogging?
You know you can always count on Tom.
Tom says he doesn't feel that way at all.
How many times a day do you drink water?
You know why Tom did that, don't you?
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that.
How many seconds did it take to do that?
You expect Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom says he doesn't believe you did that.
How many movies did you watch last week?
You don't think Tom did that, do you?
Tom says he can't stand people like that.
How many months will it take to do that?
You didn't make Tom do that, did you?
Tom says he always knew he could do that.
How many months does it take to do that?
You didn't help Tom do that, did you?
Tom says he already has plans for Monday.
How many minutes did it take to do that?
You dared Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom says Boston is a great place to live.
How many hours have you been doing that?
You can ask Tom yourself if you want.
How many days have you spent doing that?
Would it be OK if Tom didn't do that?
Tom saw the what happened from his porch.
How many books did you read last summer?
Won't you please tell Tom to do that?
Tom sat on a box, looking out the window.
How long did you have to wait for a bus?
Will Tom be in Boston on Monday, too?
Tom sat next to me in church last Sunday.
How did you know roses were my favorite?
Why doesn't Tom have to pay anything?
Tom saluted the flag with his right hand.
Half of these things are from Australia.
Why doesn't Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom said we weren't allowed to swim here.
Gold is much more expensive than silver.
Why do you want to break up with Tom?
Tom said that's not what he wanted to do.
Even if it rains, I'll do that tomorrow.
Why didn't you permit Tom to do that?
Tom said that's not what he needed to do.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll do that.
Why did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Tom said that would probably happen soon.
Don't try to do that when you're sleepy.
Why did Tom not want to go to Boston?
Tom said that probably won't happen soon.
Don't do that again until I tell you to.
Who told you Tom would be here today?
Tom said that he'll be back home by 2:30.
Doctors have been unable to find a cure.
Who told you Tom was in the hospital?
Tom said that he wasn't going to do that.
Do you think you could do that tomorrow?
Who told you Tom had been doing that?
Tom said that he was having a lot of fun.
Do you think it would be fun to do that?
What'll we do if Tom doesn't do that?
Tom said it was his first time in Boston.
Do you think I could do that if I tried?
What do you think Tom will likely do?
Tom said his knees hurt most of the time.
Do you really think you have to do that?
We expect Tom to do that later today.
Tom said he's only tried doing that once.
Do you mind if I don't do that tomorrow?
There's no way Tom will ever do that.
Tom said he's only done that three times.
Do you mean you didn't actually do that?
There's a doghouse in Tom's backyard.
Tom said he's been waiting for some time.
Do you know anyone who's good at French?
The only one over thirty here is Tom.
Tom said he's been trying to lose weight.
Do you have any idea what we need to do?
That's the reason Tom went to Boston.
Tom said he's been told to do that again.
Do you have any idea what we have to do?
That's the reason Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he's been having fun doing that.
Do you buy organically grown vegetables?
Please tell me when Tom will do that.
Tom said he's been having fun being here.
Do I have to have permission to do that?
Please tell Tom to close the windows.
Tom said he's always been good at sports.
Didn't you used to be a student of mine?
Please tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom said he'll help us if we want him to.
Didn't you used to be a patient of mine?
Please tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom said he'll do that as soon as he can.
Didn't you know that your door was open?
Please tell Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom said he'd help me if I wanted him to.
Didn't you know I don't have to do that?
Please make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said he'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Did you want me to do something for you?
Please listen to what Tom has to say.
Tom said he'd do that if I wanted him to.
Did you know what you were getting into?
Please help Tom do that after supper.
Tom said he'd be the next one to do that.
Did you know it was possible to do that?
Perhaps Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Tom said he'd be the last one to do that.
Did you know I was going to be arrested?
My hands are small compared to Tom's.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that alone.
Can you really make a living doing this?
Maybe we can stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom said he'd be able to help us do that.
Both of your rear tires looks a bit low.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom said he wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Both of us don't want to work in Boston.
It's strange that Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he won't be in Boston next week.
Both of my sisters died in the accident.
It's quite possible Tom will do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he could do that.
Aren't you the one who needs to do that?
It would be nice to do that with Tom.
Tom said he wasn't a good French speaker.
Aren't we going go to Boston in October?
It was insensitive of Tom to do that.
Tom said he was tired of giving speeches.
Are you sure we're permitted to do that?
It took Tom several hours to do that.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that.
Are there many movie theaters in Boston?
It seems that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom said he was home in bed with the flu.
Are there any foods that you don't like?
Is it true that Tom wants to do that?
Tom said he was happy he got there early.
Are both of your parents musicians, too?
Is Tom still living with his parents?
Tom said he was going to help us do that.
"Have you done that yet?" "No, not yet."
Is Tom Jackson one of your employees?
Tom said he was going to do that himself.
Your French pronunciation is very good.
If you do that to Tom, he'll get mad.
Tom said he wants you to stop doing that.
You've never seen me do that, have you?
If it rains tomorrow, Tom won't come.
Tom said he wanted to do that by himself.
You're very good at French, aren't you?
If Tom does that, please let me know.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't do that.
You're too sick to do that, aren't you?
If I were Tom, I'd refuse to do that.
Tom said he thought it would likely snow.
You're the only person who can help me.
I'm the person who does that for Tom.
Tom said he thought he shouldn't do that.
You're the only one who has to do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom.
Tom said he thought he needed to do that.
You're the only one who didn't do that.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants to do.
Tom said he thinks he sprained his ankle.
You're the only one here who has a car.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs to do.
You're the most beautiful woman I know.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't object to that.
Tom said he sold his car three weeks ago.
You're planning to do that, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom won't be home on Monday.
Tom said he plans to be a doctor someday.
You're not too old to do that, are you?
I'm sure Tom will do a very nice job.
Tom said he needed to do that by himself.
You're hesitant to do that, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom will be able to help us.
Tom said he needed to borrow an umbrella.
You're doing that tomorrow, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom will be able to do that.
Tom said he may not study French anymore.
You're able to do that now, aren't you?
Tom said he likes the color of my T-shirt.
You're a very good swimmer, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be late.
Tom said he knew he'd be able to do that.
You're a very fast swimmer, aren't you?
I'm still willing to do that for Tom.
Tom said he hasn't decided what he'll do.
You're a used car salesman, aren't you?
I'm staying at the same hotel as Tom.
Tom said he expects to do that on Monday.
You're a senior at Harvard, aren't you?
I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom said he expects to be there tomorrow.
You're a college professor, aren't you?
I'm not supposed to help Tom anymore.
Tom said he enjoyed the party last night.
You're a basketball player, aren't you?
I'll do the same thing that Tom does.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that here.
I'll do that only if Tom tells me to.
Tom said he doesn't usually lock his car.
You'll sing with us tonight, won't you?
I'd never seen Tom that happy before.
Tom said he doesn't think he can do that.
You'll never get the chance to do that.
I write to Tom at least twice a week.
Tom said he doesn't feel like doing that.
You'll need to do that sooner or later.
I wonder who Tom went to Boston with.
Tom said he didn't want to work overtime.
You'll have to get a permit to do that.
I wonder if Tom's daughter is pretty.
Tom said he didn't want to give a speech.
You'll have to do that without my help.
I wonder if Tom knows how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to eat leftovers.
You'll have to do that sooner or later.
I wonder if Tom has done that before.
Tom said he didn't want to do that again.
You'll get into trouble if you do that.
I won't tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom said he didn't need to do that today.
You'll find a way to do that, I'm sure.
I wish I knew Tom's telephone number.
Tom said he didn't need to do that again.
You'd better leave while you still can.
I wish I hadn't told Tom I loved him.
Tom said he didn't know a thing about it.
You weren't ready to do that, were you?
I wish I hadn't played golf with Tom.
Tom said he didn't have to do that today.
You were ready to do that, weren't you?
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that again.
You were eager to do that, weren't you?
I went to the same school as Tom did.
Tom said he didn't have anything to read.
You were asked to do that, weren't you?
I went to see Tom off at the airport.
Tom said he didn't have any more details.
You were a little shocked, weren't you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom did that.
Tom said he didn't expect that to happen.
You usually do that about twice a week.
I wasn't expecting Tom to help me.
Tom said he did that as soon as possible.
You think I want to do that, don't you?
I wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
Tom said he couldn't remember doing that.
You think I need to do that, don't you?
I wasn't able to tell Tom everything.
Tom said he could do that in a few hours.
You think I have to do that, don't you?
I was there at the same time Tom was.
Tom said he assumed you wouldn't do that.
You suggested that we do that together.
I warned Tom not to do that too much.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be much fun.
You still sometimes do that, don't you?
I wanted to see if Tom could do that.
Tom said I shouldn't have stayed so long.
You still do that sometimes, don't you?
I wanted to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom refused to tell me where he was born.
You still do that every day, don't you?
I wanted to go to the beach with Tom.
Tom realized he no longer had to do that.
You shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I want to know when Tom will do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't be late.
You shouldn't drink the tap water here.
I want to know more about Tom's past.
Tom promised me he'd come, but he didn't.
You should've done that three days ago.
I told Tom that I'd do that tomorrow.
Tom probably won't need to do that again.
You should've done that somewhere else.
I told Tom I thought I could do that.
Tom probably won't have to do that today.
You should've done that someplace else.
I told Tom I didn't have any enemies.
Tom probably won't have to do that again.
You should never have to do that again.
I thought you said Tom would do that.
Tom probably won't be here today, either.
You should have a good time doing that.
I thought you said Tom might do that.
Tom probably just didn't know what to do.
You should get someone do that for you.
I thought you said Tom could do that.
Tom probably hasn't forgotten to do that.
You should do that as soon as possible.
I thought Tom wouldn't do that again.
Tom probably doesn't know why I did that.
You should be the first one to do that.
I thought Tom would be in his office.
Tom probably doesn't know how I did that.
You seemed to be in a hurry to do that.
I thought Tom was through doing that.
Tom probably couldn't do that on his own.
You seemed to be determined to do that.
I thought Tom was interested in golf.
Tom probably couldn't do that by himself.
You seem to be a fluent French speaker.
I thought Tom was going to be killed.
Tom owns several very valuable paintings.
You promised you wouldn't do that here.
I thought Tom knew what we had to do.
Tom only ate potato chips and drank beer.
You probably could've done that better.
I thought Tom knew what he had to do.
Tom often speaks French with his friends.
You never finished doing that, did you?
I thought Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom often goes to the library by bicycle.
You need to do that before you go home.
I thought Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom often falls asleep while watching TV.
You need to do that before I get there.
I thought Tom could probably do that.
Tom never had the opportunity to do that.
You must speak French in the classroom.
I thought Tom could do that tomorrow.
Tom never expected to be able to do that.
You may use my computer if you want to.
I think Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Tom must've thought he needed to do that.
You may stay here tonight, if you like.
I think Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Tom moved to Boston more than a year ago.
You may not be able to do that anymore.
I think Tom would like to be at home.
Tom might possibly be willing to do that.
You may need to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom would be able to do that.
Tom might not be teaching French anymore.
You may keep doing that if you want to.
I think Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom might not be studying French anymore.
You may have to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom will be doing that again.
Tom might be willing to buy that for you.
You look like you're been up all night.
I think Tom will be at home tomorrow.
Tom might be finished doing that by 2:30.
You look a lot like your older brother.
I think Tom was the one who did that.
Tom may have as many cookies as he wants.
You look a little bit like your father.
I think Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom may do that right now if he wants to.
You know I can't go to Boston with you.
I think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom looks as if he's enjoying doing that.
You have to do that before you go home.
I think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a good mood.
You have to do that before I get there.
I think Tom is trying to lose weight.
Tom looked after my dog for three months.
You have to do that as soon as you can.
I think Tom is determined to do that.
Tom lives with his father and his sister.
You don't think we can do that, do you?
I think Tom could end up being fired.
Tom lit the candles on the birthday cake.
You don't seem to be afraid to do that.
I think I'll have to do that for Tom.
Tom likes living in Boston and I do, too.
You don't recommend doing that, do you?
I shouldn't have told Tom everything.
Tom let me know that he couldn't do that.
You don't really expect to win, do you?
I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
Tom left for his office just before 6:30.
You don't need to do that until Monday.
I should've told Tom to visit Boston.
Tom lay on the sofa with his eyes closed.
You don't need to be strong to do that.
I should've shown Tom how to do that.
Tom knows we weren't supposed to do that.
You don't have to do that until Monday.
I should've given Tom what he wanted.
Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
You don't feel like doing that, do you?
I should tell Tom what he has to buy.
Tom knows he's not likely to be punished.
You don't ever do that anymore, do you?
I should tell Tom what I want to eat.
Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
You don't believe I'll do that, do you?
I should tell Tom what I want to buy.
Tom knew I was supposed to do that today.
You didn't seem to know how to do that.
I should tell Tom what I need to buy.
Tom just ate potato chips and drank beer.
You didn't seem to be eager to do that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm tired.
Tom isn't supposed to be able to do that.
You did that intentionally, didn't you?
I should probably tell Tom I'm sorry.
Tom isn't likely to be very careful.
You couldn't do that even if you tried.
I shared a cell with a guy named Tom.
Tom isn't likely to be found guilty.
You can keep doing that if you want to.
I remember asking Tom not to do that.
Tom isn't likely be fired for doing that.
You can do that by yourself, can't you?
I persuaded Tom not to do that again.
Tom isn't going to be here for very long.
You aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
I need to discuss something with Tom.
Tom isn't going to be gone for very long.
Yesterday was your birthday, wasn't it?
I know that Tom is likely to do that.
Tom isn't expected to do that by himself.
Wouldn't it be better to do that today?
I know that Tom is likely to be late.
Tom isn't brave enough to try doing that.
Would you like something cold to drink?
I know that Tom is afraid to do that.
Tom isn't as busy today as he usually is.
Would you be willing to do that for us?
I know that Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom is usually the first one to complain.
Will you work in Boston next year, too?
I know that Tom doesn't like me much.
Tom is the smartest kid I've ever taught.
Will you have time to do that tomorrow?
I know how much Tom hates doing that.
Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
Will I be able to speak at the seminar?
I know exactly what Tom needs to buy.
Tom is the only one who likes doing that.
Why don't you have a permit to do that?
I know I'm better at French than Tom.
Tom is the only one permitted to do that.
Why don't we all go to Boston together?
I knew Tom might not want to do that.
Tom is still willing to do that for free.
Who was the man who did that yesterday?
I knew Tom might not need to do that.
Tom is still the best player on our team.
Who makes the decisions in your family?
I knew Tom might not have to do that.
Tom is still reluctant to do that for us.
Who do you like to spend weekends with?
I informed Tom that I didn't do that.
Tom is still able to do that pretty well.
Who do you like to spend holidays with?
I hope Tom won't be late again today.
Tom is someone who never causes problems.
Who did you want to go to do that with?
I hope Tom knows what he needs to do.
Tom is pretty good at everything he does.
Which of your brothers is the youngest?
I hope Tom knows he needs to do that.
Tom is only trying to not get in trouble.
Where do you want to hang this picture?
I hope Tom isn't stubborn about that.
Tom is one of the smartest people I know.
Where are you going to spend the night?
I hope Tom isn't in Boston next week.
Tom is older than the other participants.
When I call your name, raise your hand.
I hope Tom isn't hesitant to do that.
Tom is now the president of this company.
What kind of food do you like the most?
I hope Tom is easy to get along with.
Tom is now serving a three-year sentence.
What do you think we should about that?
I hope Tom doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom is much smarter than you think he is.
What did you do the Monday before last?
I hope Tom doesn't ask us to do that.
Tom is lucky to still be able to do that.
What countries would you like to visit?
I helped Tom decide which hat to buy.
Tom is lucky that he was able to do that.
I heard that Tom is going to do that.
Tom is likely to still be doing that now.
What color clothes do you usually wear?
I have to help Tom clean up his room.
Tom is likely to be reluctant to do that.
Weren't you going to do that yesterday?
I had no idea that Tom would do that.
Tom is likely to be motivated to do that.
We've studied French for several years.
I forgot to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom is likely to be desperate to do that.
We've been working since three o'clock.
I don't want to go swimming with Tom.
Tom is likely to be charged with perjury.
We've been told not to do that anymore.
I don't want to buy anything for Tom.
Tom is likely be tired when he gets home.
We're running a little behind schedule.
I don't want the present Tom gave me.
Tom is likely be excused from doing that.
We're not allowed to speak French here.
I don't want anything to do with Tom.
Tom is in the bathroom washing his hands.
We're going to go to Boston in October.
I don't want Tom to worry about that.
Tom is good at giving clear explanations.
We're going to be in Boston next month.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a wimp.
Tom is good at almost everything he does.
We won't get paid extra for doing that.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a jerk.
Tom is going to be very sad if you leave.
We were only permitted to do that once.
I don't want Tom to help you do that.
Tom is feeling a little bit better today.
We were just about to start doing that.
I don't want Tom to come to my party.
Tom is a very good heavy metal guitarist.
We should've gone to Boston last month.
I don't want Tom to become a soldier.
Tom is a good person to have on our side.
We should wait until Monday to do that.
I don't think that Tom would do that.
Tom hurt himself while trying to do that.
We only have one year to get this done.
I don't think that Tom is having fun.
Tom hasn't told me why he has to do that.
We need to come up with some new ideas.
I don't think Tom would've said that.
Tom hasn't performed live in a long time.
We might visit Boston on our next trip.
I don't think Tom would ever do that.
Tom hasn't made any money in three years.
We might have to be in Boston all week.
I don't think Tom would be impressed.
Tom hasn't done that in a very long time.
We have to do that as soon as possible.
I don't think Tom will be suspicious.
Tom has worked as a carpenter since 2013.
We had to come to Boston for a funeral.
I don't think Tom will be reasonable.
Tom has told me not to do that by myself.
We don't think the fire was deliberate.
I don't think Tom will be interested.
Tom has told me he won't do that anymore.
We don't often see monkeys around here.
I don't think Tom will be frightened.
Tom has told me he wants to write a book.
We don't often get a chance to do that.
I don't think Tom will be doing that.
Tom has told me he wants to go to Boston.
We didn't live in Boston for very long.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive.
Tom has told me he needs to go to Boston.
We didn't know each other at that time.
I don't think Tom is going to resign.
Tom has studied French for several years.
We decided to speak together in French.
I don't think Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom has rewritten the first thirty pages.
We can pitch our tent anywhere we want.
I don't think Tom is being realistic.
Tom has released three albums since 2013.
We bought a house for $300,dollars.
I don't think Tom is able to do that.
Tom has proven that he can still do that.
We both were in Boston all last summer.
I don't think Tom ever could do that.
Tom has now been missing for thirty days.
Was it you who was supposed to do that?
I don't think Tom could've done that.
Tom has never refused any of my requests.
Was it you who forgot to lock the door?
I don't think Tom could ever do that.
Tom has his faults, but I still like him.
To was probably tired when he got home.
I don't think I'm as creative as Tom.
Tom has half again as many books as I do.
Three of my students were absent today.
I don't remember what Tom looks like.
Tom has had a lot of practice doing that.
Three of my students didn't come today.
I don't remember asking Tom for help.
Tom has found a solution to that problem.
This restaurant opened on October 20th.
I don't really think Tom can do that.
Tom has finally decided to call it quits.
This morning's meeting was interesting.
I don't really expect Tom to do that.
Tom has done a lot of really good things.
This isn't what we should be doing now.
I don't like playing tennis with Tom.
Tom has decided to do something about it.
This isn't a good time to buy platinum.
I don't like Tom, but I like his dog.
Tom has been told that he has to do that.
This is the best season for doing that.
I don't know why Tom let you do that.
Tom has been told not to do that anymore.
They don't pay me very much to do that.
I don't know why Tom kept doing that.
Tom has been to every one of my concerts.
There's still time to change your mind.
I don't know why Tom isn't at school.
Tom has been painting his house all week.
There's just no way that I can do that.
I don't know why Tom is scared of me.
Tom has been on the job for three months.
The past three days have been very hot.
I don't know why Tom is afraid of me.
Tom has been in the garden pulling weeds.
The meeting only lasted thirty minutes.
I don't know why Tom is absent today.
Tom has been in Boston a couple of weeks.
That's the man whose wife was arrested.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom has been here for almost three years.
That was a very innovative thing to do.
I don't know who's going to help Tom.
Tom has been having a hard time speaking.
That isn't wine. It's only grape juice.
I don't know who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom has been diagnosed with brain cancer.
That isn't wine. It's just grape juice.
I don't know where Tom wants to live.
Tom has been collecting stamps for years.
That almost sounds too good to be true.
I don't know what Tom's shoe size is.
Tom has been caught cheating three times.
Someone must've left the door unlocked.
I don't know what Tom wants me to do.
Tom has been a French teacher since 2013.
Please wait until next week to do that.
I don't know what Tom put in the box.
Tom has already taught me how to do that.
Please check and see if we may do that.
I don't know what Tom is going to do.
Tom has admitted he was there that night.
Please check and see if we can do that.
I don't know what I'd do without Tom.
Tom has about half as many books as I do.
Perhaps I won't be busy this afternoon.
I don't know the girl talking to Tom.
Tom has a very special way of doing that.
People around here don't often do that.
I don't know if Tom will come or not.
Tom hardly ever goes to places like that.
Our driveway is slippery when it's wet.
I don't know exactly where Tom lives.
Tom had a lot of things he wanted to buy.
My youngest daughter isn't married yet.
I don't expect Tom to object to that.
Tom had a lot of things he needed to buy.
My wife will pick me up at the airport.
I don't do that as often as Tom does.
Tom grew up on a farm not too far Boston.
My wife and I were both born in Boston.
I don't care if Tom does that or not.
Tom graduates from high school on Monday.
My priorities aren't the same as yours.
I didn't want to tell Tom everything.
Tom got a very low score on today's test.
My priorities are different from yours.
I didn't want to go camping with Tom.
Tom fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
My parents taught me to be open minded.
I didn't want to drive Tom's old car.
Tom faces up to three years if convicted.
My name doesn't seem to be on the list.
I didn't want to do that without Tom.
Tom expected us do the same thing he did.
My mouth was full so I couldn't answer.
I didn't want to talk to Tom about work.
Tom eventually decided to try doing that.
My mother said that I should come home.
I didn't want Tom to stay any longer.
Tom doesn't want to try to do that again.
My house isn't very far from the beach.
I didn't want Tom to leave the house.
Tom doesn't want to try doing that again.
My father isn't as strict as my mother.
I didn't want Tom to know about that.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new motorcycle.
My dog followed me to school yesterday.
I didn't want Tom to know I was rich.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston anymore.
My computer is a lot better than yours.
I didn't want Tom to help me do that.
Tom doesn't usually do that after dinner.
My car is three years older than yours.
I didn't think Tom would get injured.
Tom doesn't think you'd enjoy doing that.
Mr. Jackson was my third grade teacher.
I didn't think Tom would be so upset.
Tom doesn't think that we should do that.
Mary may be cute, but I don't like her.
I didn't think Tom would be punctual.
Tom doesn't think that he should do that.
Many people have complained about that.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'm allowed to do that.
It's going to be very tough to do that.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think I can do that, does he?
It'll take me several hours to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that.
It'll probably be expensive to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be late.
Tom doesn't seem like an intelligent man.
It'll probably be dangerous to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why we should come.
Tom doesn't see why he shouldn't do that.
It'll cause me problems if you do that.
I didn't tell Tom what he should buy.
Tom doesn't really need to do that today.
It'll be easier if we do that together.
I didn't tell Tom what he has to buy.
Tom doesn't really have to do that today.
It would've been ridiculous to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what he had to buy.
Tom doesn't really care how he does that.
It would've been impossible to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what happened next.
Tom doesn't particularly want to do that.
It would've been depressing to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what I have to buy.
Tom doesn't often show his true feelings.
It would be ridiculous to do that here.
I didn't tell Tom that you'd be here.
Tom doesn't often do that in the morning.
It would be great if you could do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I was leaving.
Tom doesn't like beef and I don't either.
It would be dangerous to do that again.
I didn't tell Tom how big my dog was.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help him.
It sounds like I don't need to do that.
I didn't tell Tom anything about you.
Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
It sounds like I don't have to do that.
I didn't tell Tom about the accident.
Tom doesn't know what I'm planning to do.
It probably won't cost much do to that.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Is there anything else you need to say?
I didn't tell Tom I knew his brother.
Tom doesn't know if he'll do that or not.
Is the book you're reading interesting?
I didn't offer Tom anything to drink.
Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
If you're tired, I can do that for you.
I didn't notice what Tom was wearing.
Tom doesn't know how to do that, does he?
If you don't hurry, we'll miss the bus.
I didn't notice what Tom was reading.
Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Boston.
I didn't laugh at any of Tom's jokes.
Tom doesn't intend to ever do that again.
If I had enough money, I could do that.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to go.
Tom doesn't have to do that until Monday.
I've never felt like doing that before.
I didn't know what Tom's problem was.
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems.
I've loved you since we were both kids.
I didn't know what Tom wanted to eat.
Tom doesn't have the strength to do that.
I've been waiting for over three hours.
I didn't know what Tom wanted to buy.
Tom doesn't have the patience to do that.
I've been playing chess for many years.
I didn't know that Tom would do that.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as you.
I've been out of work for three months.
I didn't know that Tom would be here.
Tom doesn't have any friends his own age.
I've been asked not to do that anymore.
I didn't know that Tom was in Boston.
Tom doesn't even want to do that anymore.
I've always been pretty good at sports.
I didn't know that Tom was a teacher.
Tom doesn't doubt his ability to do that.
I'm the person you've been looking for.
I didn't know that Tom liked to cook.
Tom does that three or four times a week.
I'm still planning to buy that for you.
I didn't know that Tom had done that.
Tom does know how to do that, doesn't he?
I'm still not very good at windsurfing.
I didn't know that Tom had been sick.
Tom does almost nothing he's asked to do.
I'm really glad I was asked to do that.
I didn't know Tom was your boyfriend.
Tom didn't tell me why he needed my help.
I'm positive that'll happen eventually.
I didn't know Tom was waiting for me.
Tom didn't tell me why he had to do that.
I'm not the only one here who's single.
I didn't keep my promise to help Tom.
Tom didn't tell me that I had to do that.
I'm not afraid to get my clothes dirty.
I didn't hear Tom come into the room.
Tom didn't seem to be having a good time.
I'm likely to go to Boston in the fall.
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I did.
Tom didn't seem to be enjoying the party.
I'm having my house painted next month.
I didn't have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom didn't notice that I got my hair cut.
I'm going to paint my house next month.
I didn't have anything to say to Tom.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that.
I'm going to have to do that by myself.
I didn't have any idea where Tom was.
Tom didn't know that I needed to do that.
I'm going to fly to Boston next Monday.
I didn't go and Tom didn't go either.
Tom didn't know how much money he needed.
I'm going to come to Boston in October.
I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom didn't have the authority to do that.
I'm glad that I learned how to do that.
I didn't discuss the matter with Tom.
Tom didn't expect you to do that for him.
I'm glad I was able to do that for you.
I didn't buy what Tom told me to buy.
Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I'm doing my French homework right now.
Tom didn't even apologize for doing that.
I'm certain that I'll do that tomorrow.
I did exactly the same thing Tom did.
Tom did exactly what we wanted him to do.
I'm absolutely sure that's what I need.
I can tell that Tom likes doing that.
Tom did exactly what he said he would do.
I'm a lot happier since I changed jobs.
I already know what Tom's opinion is.
Tom did everything he was supposed to do.
I'll do that tomorrow or the day after.
How did you know Tom didn't eat meat?
Tom definitely wants to do that with you.
I'd rather do that today than tomorrow.
How did Tom sprain his ankle?
Tom dedicated his first book to his wife.
I'd like to buy three of those scarves.
Everyone stayed in Boston except Tom.
Tom decided to try doing that by himself.
I'd like about three kilogram potatoes.
Even Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom decided he wouldn't worry about that.
I'd hoped I'd be able to do that today.
Don't expect Tom to buy that for you.
Tom currently resides in the Boston area.
I'd hoped I could learn how to do that.
Doesn't Tom go to Boston every month?
Tom crouched down so he wouldn't be seen.
I'd be grateful if you did that for me.
Does Tom need to stay in Boston, too?
Tom couldn't swim when he was a teenager.
I'd already planned to do that for you.
Do you want me to get Tom to do that?
Tom could've done that if he'd wanted to.
I write much better now than I used to.
Do you think Tom will be cooperative?
Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I wouldn't do that today if I were you.
Do you think Tom was able to do that?
Tom could get in trouble if he does that.
I wouldn't do that if I didn't have to.
Do you think Tom might be suspicious?
Tom could easily have stopped doing that.
I wouldn't do that even if I were rich.
Do you think Tom might be here later?
Tom could do that well when he was young.
I wonder if it would be fun to do that.
Do you think Tom is ready to do that?
Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I won't be coming to Boston this month.
Do you know what street Tom lives on?
Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
I wish I'd been rich enough to do that.
Do you and Tom still hate each other?
Tom could be lying, but I don't think so.
I wish I hadn't spanked my son so hard.
Didn't you know that Tom was unhappy?
Tom could always do that if he wanted to.
I wish I hadn't left the door unlocked.
Didn't you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom correctly answered all the questions.
I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
Didn't you know Tom was unhappy here?
Tom comes here every Monday without fail.
I was thirty minutes late this morning.
Didn't you know Tom was still single?
Tom can't speak either French or English.
I was on a business trip all last week.
Didn't you know Tom lived by himself?
Tom can't afford to buy the car he wants.
I was hoping you'd be more cooperative.
Didn't you know Tom likes doing that?
Tom can have as many cookies as he wants.
I was hoping you could do that with me.
Didn't you know Tom liked to do that?
Tom can do that right now if he wants to.
I was annoyed by the sounds of traffic.
Didn't you know Tom liked doing that?
Tom can always try doing that by himself.
I wanted to surprise you by doing that.
Didn't you know Tom had a sports car?
Tom bought an acre of land near the lake.
I wanted to go home earlier than usual.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't do that?
Tom baked this bread yesterday afternoon.
I want to talk to you later about that.
Did you tell Tom when he should come?
Tom ate a couple of sandwiches for lunch.
I want to pay back the money I owe you.
Did you know that Tom would be there?
Tom asked us if we'd like to go swimming.
I want to know when you're coming home.
Did you know that Tom isn't Canadian?
Tom asked me to teach him how to do that.
I want to know when you'll be finished.
Did you know Tom was still in prison?
Tom asked me to give him time to do that.
I want to know when you'll be arriving.
Did you know Tom liked horror movies?
Tom asked if he really needed to do that.
I want to know if you like my new song.
Did you know Tom knew how to do that?
Tom and his family visit us every summer.
I want to know how much beer you drank.
Did you know Tom had a swimming pool?
Tom and I've known each other since 2013.
I want to hear both sides of the story.
Can you tell me exactly what Tom did?
Tom and I've decided to do that together.
I want to eat some chocolate ice cream.
Both of Tom's brothers were arrested.
Tom and I were the first ones to do that.
I want to avoid doing that if possible.
Are you sure Tom is ready to do that?
Tom and I were neighbors for three years.
I try to help whoever asks me for help.
All of Tom's children became doctors.
Tom and I were neighbors for a few years.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that.
You're the one Tom wants to talk to.
Tom and I were always fighting back then.
I thought you weren't going to do that.
You won't do that for Tom, will you?
Tom and I want to know what your plan is.
I thought you said you'd never do that.
You were lucky Tom did that for you.
Tom and I used to be pretty good friends.
I thought you said I needed to do that.
You shouldn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom and I talked about what we should do.
I thought you didn't have a girlfriend.
You should tell Tom you can do that.
Tom and I talked about what had happened.
I thought I'd be able to do that today.
You should let Tom do what he wants.
Tom and I spent Valentine's Day together.
I thought I heard my name being called.
You should let Tom buy that for you.
Tom and I played soccer together as kids.
I think you might need help doing that.
You should ask Tom buy that for you.
Tom and I played chess for several hours.
I think we'll be able to do that today.
You promised you'd help Tom do that.
Tom and I plan to get married in October.
I think it's probably cheap to do that.
You need to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I never did like each other much.
I think it'll be impossible to do that.
You look quite a bit older than Tom.
Tom and I have been married thirty years.
I think it would be foolish to do that.
You know what Tom can do, don't you?
Tom and I get along well with each other.
I think it might be foolish to do that.
You have to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I exchange gifts every Christmas.
I think doing that would be worthwhile.
You have to show Tom how to do that.
Tom and I enjoyed singing songs together.
I think I might be required to do that.
You didn't let Tom do that, did you?
Tom and I don't very often work together.
I still haven't paid last month's rent.
You didn't do that for Tom, did you?
Tom and I don't often do things together.
Would Tom be able to do that for us?
Tom and I don't do that together anymore.
I still haven't learned how to do that.
Why does Tom need to be there early?
Tom and I don't always do the same thing.
I shouldn't have walked home by myself.
Why didn't Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom and I ate the whole pie by ourselves.
I shouldn't have left the windows open.
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom and I are planning to move to Boston.
I should've told you about that sooner.
Why didn't Tom have to pay anything?
Tom and I are not talking to one another.
I should've left when I had the chance.
Why didn't Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom and I are no longer living in Boston.
I should've been in Boston last Monday.
Why can't Tom go to Boston with you?
Tom and I are here to help you with that.
I should be through doing that by 2:30.
When was it that Tom went to Boston?
Tom and I are going camping this weekend.
I should be there in a couple of hours.
When is Tom coming back from Boston?
Tom and I are always arguing about money.
I said that I didn't understand French.
What time will Tom do that tomorrow?
Tom and I are almost finished doing that.
I regret that I can't help you do that.
Tom always sits at the head of the table.
I really want to stay in Boston longer.
What do you think Tom would've done?
Tom almost never gives his wife presents.
I really don't think I need to do that.
What did Tom do yesterday afternoon?
Tom almost always does that after dinner.
I pretended I didn't understand French.
What Tom did never made sense to me.
Tom, weren't you going to do that today?
I often need to be reminded to do that.
We need to go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom's teeth have always been that color.
I often have to be reminded to do that.
We have to take Tom to the hospital.
Tom's funeral will be on Monday at 2:30.
I never thought I'd be able to do that.
This is the factory where Tom works.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he'd talked to.
I never had the opportunity to do that.
The only French speaker here is Tom.
Tom would've wanted to do that with you.
I never expected to be able to do that.
The old TV Tom gave me doesn't work.
Tom would never have done that that way.
I need to do that before I can go home.
The man wearing the blue tie is Tom.
Tom would like to know why you did that.
I might have to go to Boston next week.
Tell Tom he needs to get here early.
Tom would like to know how you did that.
I might be willing to buy that for you.
Shouldn't we be helping Tom do that?
Tom would like to do that, but he can't.
I may have to visit Boston next Monday.
Shouldn't Tom be the one doing that?
Tom would get in trouble if he did that.
I looked around, but didn't see anyone.
Please tell Tom not to do that here.
Tom would be very happy if you did that.
I know why I'm not supposed to do that.
Please tell Tom he ought to do that.
Tom won't permit you to do that anymore.
I know a very effective way to do that.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that.
Tom won't likely try to do that anymore.
I know I'll be able to do that by 2:30.
Perhaps Tom is doing that right now.
Tom won't likely be hesitant to do that.
I know I'd do that if I had the chance.
Perhaps Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
I know I should've done that yesterday.
Perhaps I can go to Boston with Tom.
Tom won't be permitted to do that again.
I know I don't need to do that anymore.
My injuries weren't as bad as Tom's.
Tom will unlikely have to do that today.
I know I don't have to do that anymore.
Let's go over to Tom's and help him.
Tom will probably go to Boston tomorrow.
I knew it would be possible to do that.
Let Tom listen to whatever he wants.
Tom will probably do that tomorrow, too.
I just stayed in Boston for three days.
Let Tom listen to anything he wants.
Tom will probably be too shy to do that.
I just can't imagine myself doing that.
It's doubtful that Tom will do that.
Tom will probably be through doing that.
I hope you're able to come to my party.
It'll take Tom long time to do that.
Tom will probably be tempted to do that.
I hope I get a chance to do that again.
It would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom will probably be furious about that.
I heard that you've started doing that.
It takes courage to do what Tom did.
Tom will probably be anxious to do that.
I haven't yet filed a formal complaint.
It sounds like Tom wants to do that.
Tom will move back to Boston in October.
I haven't yet done that in a long time.
It sounds like Tom needs to do that.
Tom will likely be reluctant to do that.
I haven't washed my car in a long time.
It seems that only Tom will do that.
Tom will likely be motivated to do that.
I have no objection to your doing that.
It seems like Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom will likely be gone for three hours.
I have a special tool I use to do that.
It seemed like Tom liked to do that.
Tom will likely be fired for doing that.
I hardly ever do that before breakfast.
It seemed like Tom liked doing that.
Tom will likely be fined for doing that.
I found that in the back of the closet.
It probably wasn't Tom who did that.
Tom will likely be desperate to do that.
I figured this would happen eventually.
Is Tom the only one who can do that?
Tom will likely be back by October 20th.
I felt the same way you did about that.
Is Tom still able to do that for us?
Tom will keep doing that if he wants to.
I felt somebody tap me on the shoulder.
Is Tom going to sing for us tonight?
Tom will do whatever he can to help you.
I expected you to do the same thing I did.
If you do that, Tom will be pleased.
Tom will do that tomorrow, too, I think.
I doubt that you'll be able to do that.
If would be good for Tom to do that.
Tom will be working in Boston on Monday.
I doubt if it would be safe to do that.
I've seen Tom do that several times.
Tom will be leaving Boston this morning.
I don't want you to buy any more candy.
I've persuaded Tom to do that again.
Tom will be here later today to do that.
I don't want to talk about my problems.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be interested.
Tom will be fired if he does that again.
I don't want to take that kind of risk.
I'm sure Tom won't be in Boston now.
Tom will be fined if he does that again.
I don't want to live like this anymore.
I'm sure Tom will be home on Monday.
Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
I don't want to live in Boston anymore.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom.
Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't want to give any more speeches.
I'll ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Tom will be back the day after tomorrow.
I don't want to eat at that restaurant.
I'd be reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom wasn't the worst player on our team.
I don't want to eat Mexican food today.
I'd be disappointed if Tom did that.
Tom was tired, but he wouldn't admit it.
I don't want to be seen talking to you.
I would never permit Tom to do that.
Tom was the only person who was injured.
I don't usually do that when I'm tired.
I wonder whether Tom has to do that.
Tom was the only one who had to do that.
I don't think you'd be able to do that.
I wonder if Tom was able to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't do that.
I don't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
I won't permit Tom to do that again.
Tom was the only one allowed to do that.
I don't think it's wise to do that now.
I won't do that unless Tom helps me.
Tom was the one who gave me this guitar.
I don't think it's too late to do that.
I won't be able to make Tom do that.
Tom was the one who filed the complaint.
I don't think doing that would be safe.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom was the first one to try to help me.
I don't think doing that would be rude.
I wish Tom would tell me what to do.
Tom was the first one to try to do that.
I don't think anything bad will happen.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to do that.
Tom was just trying to protect his kids.
I don't think I've ever eaten dog meat.
I wish I hadn't seen Tom doing that.
Tom was hoping we could do that for him.
I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.
I wish I hadn't gone to Tom's party.
Tom was doing that just a few hours ago.
I don't think I'm permitted to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone there with Tom.
Tom was apparently in Boston last month.
I don't think I'll be doing that again.
I wish I hadn't given Tom any money.
Tom warned us not to swim in this river.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me.
Tom wants to surprise you by doing that.
I don't think I should do that anymore.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted to do.
Tom wants to be the next one to do that.
I don't think I really need to do that.
I wasn't sure what Tom needed to do.
Tom wants to be the last one to do that.
I don't think I really have to do that.
I wasn't sure Tom needed to do that.
Tom wants to be excused from doing that.
I don't think I can ever be happy here.
I wasn't able to get Tom to do that.
Tom usually eats lunch at Chuck's Diner.
I don't remember turning off the stove.
I was tempted to tell Tom the truth.
Tom usually does that when he's nervous.
I don't remember exactly what happened.
I want to know why Tom is mad at me.
Tom usually does that about once a week.
I don't really think I need to do that.
I want to have lunch with Tom today.
Tom used to say that to me all the time.
I don't really think I have to do that.
I visited Tom last spring in Boston.
Tom used to have a house on Park Street.
I don't really feel like working today.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that again.
Tom used to do that when he was younger.
I don't play golf as much as I used to.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Boston.
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.
I don't often do that in the afternoon.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that.
Tom tried speaking French to the waiter.
I don't need to go to Boston next week.
I told Tom I didn't have much money.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't need to do this, but I want to.
I thought Tom would want to do that.
Tom told me you weren't able to do that.
I don't need to buy anything right now.
I thought Tom would stop doing that.
Tom told me that my plan was reasonable.
I don't need to be back until tomorrow.
I thought Tom would quit doing that.
Tom told me that he's afraid to do that.
I don't need money to have a good time.
I thought Tom was likely to do that.
Tom told me that he'll do that tomorrow.
I don't need any of this stuff anymore.
I thought Tom was going to be fired.
Tom told me that he'd be home on Monday.
I don't need any help with my homework.
I thought Tom was flirting with you.
Tom told me it would be safe to do that.
I don't mind if you do that without me.
I thought Tom might want to do that.
Tom told me he'd wait for us until 2:30.
I don't live within Boston city limits.
I thought Tom might need to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't like to talk about my problems.
I thought Tom might have to do that.
Tom told me he wanted to be a scientist.
I don't like taking care of the garden.
I think Tom wouldn't try to do that.
Tom told me he likes this kind of music.
I don't like girls who wear high heels.
I think Tom wouldn't be sympathetic.
Tom told me he liked this kind of music.
I don't know whether to do that or not.
I think Tom would regret doing that.
Tom told me he didn't intend to do that.
I don't know what kind of snake bit me.
I think Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom told me I shouldn't wait any longer.
I don't know what it's like to be poor.
I think Tom would like to be afraid.
Tom thought he would be able to do that.
I don't know if I have time to do that.
I think Tom would be miserable here.
Tom thought he could do that by himself.
I don't know how to solve this problem.
I think Tom won't be home on Monday.
Tom thinks some of his friends did that.
I don't know how to say this in French.
I think Tom will be doing that soon.
Tom swam until he couldn't swim anymore.
I don't know how much money was stolen.
I think Tom will be able to help us.
Tom suggested that I do that right away.
I don't know exactly what I need to do.
I think Tom will be able to do that.
Tom studies much harder now than before.
I don't know exactly what I have to do.
I think Tom really wants to do that.
Tom struck out thirty times last season.
I don't know exactly how that happened.
I think Tom really needs to do that.
Tom strongly objected to our doing that.
I don't have to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom still manages to do that quite well.
I don't have to do this, but I want to.
I think Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom still isn't very good at volleyball.
I don't have to do that this afternoon.
I think Tom is living in Boston now.
Tom still isn't very good at doing that.
I don't have to buy anything right now.
I think Tom is impatient to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me how to do that.
I don't have to be back until tomorrow.
I think Tom is doing that right now.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that.
I don't have time to do that this week.
I think Tom is desperate to do that.
Tom stayed in this hotel for three days.
I don't have time to do that right now.
I think Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom started working in Boston yesterday.
I don't have much of an appetite today.
I think Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom started crying when he was arrested.
I don't have enough money to buy a car.
I think Tom could've been a teacher.
Tom spoke too fast for me to understand.
I don't have any time to do that today.
I think Tom could manage to do that.
Tom spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I don't have any idea what I should do.
I still have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French.
I don't have any friends who play golf.
I shouldn't have lent Tom any money.
Tom spends three hours a day at the gym.
I don't have any experience doing that.
I shouldn't have given Tom anything.
Tom soon found out what the problem was.
I don't get invited to parties anymore.
I shouldn't have borrowed Tom's car.
Tom sometimes falls asleep during class.
I don't enjoy doing that kind of thing.
I should've told Tom why I was late.
Tom sometimes does that when he's tired.
I don't do anything I don't need to do.
I should've given Tom my old guitar.
Tom sometimes does that when he's happy.
I don't do anything I don't have to do.
I should've discussed that with Tom.
Tom sometimes does that when he's drunk.
I don't care whether we do that or not.
I should tell Tom which book to buy.
Tom shouldn't try to do that by himself.
I don't care much one way or the other.
I should tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom shouldn't have done that without us.
I don't believe that actually happened.
I should tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom shouldn't have done that by himself.
I don't actually need to do that today.
I should tell Tom what I need to do.
Tom shouldn't have asked you to do that.
I didn't write anything in my notebook.
I should tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom should've stayed at home last night.
I didn't want to make a fool of myself.
I should tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom should've hit the dog with his shoe.
I didn't want to do that, but I had to.
I should probably tell Tom I'm busy.
Tom should've done that a long time ago.
I didn't want to cross the picket line.
I should help Tom with his homework.
Tom should've bought something to drink.
I didn't want my friends to see me cry.
I should do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom should've been safe in his own home.
I didn't think we'd be able to do that.
I should ask Tom to help me do that.
Tom should've been reluctant to do that.
I didn't think we should be doing that.
I really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
Tom should've been ready, but he wasn't.
I didn't think that Mary was beautiful.
I often eat the same thing Tom does.
Tom should've been motivated to do that.
I didn't think I would be busy all day.
I need to stay and help Tom do that.
Tom should wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't take many pictures on my trip.
I need to do what Tom told me to do.
Tom should try not to make things worse.
I didn't specify exactly what I wanted.
I might be able to buy that for Tom.
Tom should be through doing that by now.
I didn't recognize anyone in the photo.
I looked at Tom and he looked at me.
Tom served almost three years in prison.
I didn't really need to do that, did I?
I know where Tom will be doing that.
Tom seems to be having such a good time.
I didn't really have to do that, did I?
I know that Tom's house is for sale.
Tom seems to be doing that all the time.
I didn't really feel like going skiing.
I know that Tom won't be doing that.
Tom seems to be doing that a lot lately.
I didn't realize my socks didn't match.
I know that Tom is eager to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he needed to do.
I didn't notice that the door was open.
I know exactly what Tom needs to do.
Tom seemed to enjoy reading comic books.
I didn't need to leave in such a hurry.
I know Tom was just being sarcastic.
Tom says that's his favorite restaurant.
I didn't mean to cause you any trouble.
I know Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom says that he didn't want to do that.
I didn't know who was going to help me.
I know Tom came to Boston last week.
Tom says it's really cold in Boston now.
I didn't know who I wasn't speaking to.
I hope your Tom will soon be better.
Tom says he's willing to do that for me.
I didn't know what was really going on.
I hope that Tom won't do that again.
Tom says he's ready to get back to work.
I didn't know what was going to happen.
I hope that Tom will do that for me.
Tom says he's grown tired of doing that.
I didn't know what was about to happen.
I hope Tom won't want me to do that.
Tom says he's good at riding a unicycle.
I didn't know what else I needed to do.
I hope Tom won't tell me to do that.
Tom says he's even done janitorial work.
I didn't know this was going to happen.
I hope Tom knows who has to do that.
Tom says he's been arrested three times.
I didn't know that you were so unhappy.
I hope Tom isn't tempted to do that.
Tom says he'd rather do that by himself.
I didn't know that was going to happen.
I hope Tom isn't at today's meeting.
Tom says he doesn't think you'd do that.
I didn't know that horses cost so much.
I hope Tom is in Boston next Monday.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll do that.
I didn't know that I'd be here all day.
I hope Tom is determined to do that.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that now.
I didn't know that I needed to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't end up in prison.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that now.
I didn't know how to solve the problem.
I helped Tom out by singing harmony.
Tom says he definitely wants to do that.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that here.
I heard that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother him.
I didn't know I didn't need to do that.
I have to stay and help Tom do that.
Tom said yesterday's meeting was boring.
I didn't know I didn't have to do that.
I have no idea what Tom is thinking.
Tom said we wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't have enough time to eat lunch.
I go to the same school as Tom does.
Tom said we ought to do this more often.
I didn't have enough money to buy that.
I expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Tom said there were no plans to do that.
I didn't have enough energy to do that.
I expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom said the storm lasted several hours.
I didn't have anything to do with that.
I expect Tom to do that later today.
Tom said that's not what he wants to do.
I didn't have a good time at the party.
I doubt if Tom will do that anymore.
Tom said that's not what he needs to do.
I didn't get home until after midnight.
I doubt Tom will ever do that again.
Tom said that's not even partially true.
I didn't expect to be here for so long.
I don't want to tell Tom everything.
Tom said that's his favorite restaurant.
I didn't expect this to happen so soon.
I don't want to drive Tom's old car.
Tom said that would likely never happen.
I didn't expect the test to be so easy.
I don't want to do that without Tom.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't snow.
I didn't even want to think about that.
I don't want talk to Tom about work.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't rain.
I didn't eat anything until I got home.
I don't want Tom to swim by himself.
Tom said that he's been very happy here.
I didn't come to work by bicycle today.
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
Tom said that he'd be back home by 2:30.
I didn't attend this morning's meeting.
I don't want Tom to leave the house.
Tom said that he wouldn't swim tomorrow.
I didn't arrive until just before 2:30.
I don't want Tom to know about that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that again.
I did everything I thought I should do.
I don't want Tom to do that anymore.
Tom said that he would do that tomorrow.
I did everything I thought I needed do.
I don't think that Tom is in Boston.
Tom said that he won't do that tomorrow.
I did everything I thought I had to do.
I don't think that Tom is a plumber.
Tom said that he wasn't working anymore.
I could get hurt if I tried doing that.
I don't think Tom will be surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't married anymore.
I can't speak either French or English.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston.
Tom said some things would never change.
I can't leave Boston until next Monday.
I don't think Tom will be back soon.
Tom said not doing that isn't an option.
I can't go to Boston with you tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said no injuries have been reported.
I bought this watch at an antique shop.
I don't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom said it was snowing in Boston today.
I borrowed this umbrella from a friend.
I don't think Tom is careful enough.
Tom said it was harder than he expected.
I ate three apples yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom has done that yet.
Tom said it was easier than he expected.
I assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom does that anymore.
Tom said it rained in Boston last night.
I asked you not to smoke in the office.
I don't plan to go to Tom's concert.
Tom said his license had been suspended.
I also lived in Boston for three years.
I don't need to tell Tom what to do.
Tom said his father told him to do that.
How many years will it take to do that?
I don't need Tom to do that anymore.
Tom said he's willing to do that for us.
How many women over thirty do you know?
I don't like the way Tom makes stew.
Tom said he's willing to do that for me.
How many weeks will it take to do that?
I don't like swimming, but Tom does.
Tom said he's unenthusiastic about that.
How many weeks does it take to do that?
I don't like broccoli, but Tom does.
Tom said he's troubled by what happened.
How many rooms are on the second floor?
I don't know why Tom was doing that.
Tom said he's never considered retiring.
How many patients do you see in a week?
I don't know why Tom should do that.
Tom said he's been trying to be careful.
How many pages have you written so far?
I don't know why Tom is ignoring me.
Tom said he's been asked not to do that.
How many pages did you read last night?
I don't know why Tom has to do that.
Tom said he's amused by what's going on.
How many months did you stay in Boston?
I don't know why Tom had to do that.
Tom said he'll be on vacation next week.
How many months did it take to do that?
I don't know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he'll be in Boston next Monday.
How many hours will it take to do that?
I don't know where Tom will do that.
Tom said he'd rather you didn't do that.
How many hours does it take to do that?
I don't know where Tom wants to eat.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that.
How many days have you been doing that?
I don't know where Tom used to work.
Tom said he'd like to keep working here.
How many days did you spend doing that?
I don't know where Tom is right now.
Tom said he'd help us if we want him to.
How long will you be staying in Boston?
I don't know when Tom's birthday is.
Tom said he'd do that as soon as he can.
How long do you intend to be in Boston?
I don't know what to feed Tom's dog.
Tom said he'd be embarrassed to do that.
How long do you expect to be in Boston?
I don't know what time Tom got home.
Tom said he wouldn't ever do that again.
How far is it to the station from here?
I don't know if Tom likes me or not.
Tom said he wouldn't attend the meeting.
How do you think we should handle this?
I don't know if Tom is happy or not.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that.
How did you know what you needed to do?
I don't know how good a cook Tom is.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone there.
How did you know what time to be there?
I don't know Tom's telephone number.
Tom said he wished he hadn't eaten that.
How did you know what else I had to do?
I don't have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom said he wished he hadn't drunk that.
Have you ever been to a surprise party?
I don't doubt that Tom will do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't been there.
Have I done something I shouldn't have?
I don't care who Tom does that with.
Tom said he wasn't the least bit hungry.
French is the language I want to learn.
I don't care how much money Tom has.
Tom said he wasn't permitted to do that.
Even though it's snowing, I'll do that.
I don't blame Tom for what happened.
Tom said he was trying to be optimistic.
Even though it was raining, I did that.
I don't blame Tom for getting angry.
Tom said he was good at speaking French.
Don't try to do that without some help.
I don't believe Tom really did that.
Tom said he was going to take that risk.
Don't try to do that when you're tired.
I didn't want Tom to move to Boston.
Tom said he was going to do that for me.
Don't try to do that when you're drunk.
I didn't want Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he was going to do that anyway.
Don't forget to kiss your wife goodbye.
I didn't want Tom to come to Boston.
Tom said he was almost ready to do that.
Don't eat or drink anything else today.
I didn't understand what Tom wanted.
Tom said he was afraid to do that alone.
Doing that's illegal in many countries.
I didn't think Tom's joke was funny.
Tom said he wants to do that by himself.
Doing that would probably be dangerous.
I didn't think Tom would talk to me.
Tom said he wanted to leave early today.
Doing that would be a good thing to do.
I didn't think Tom would be worried.
Tom said he tried to do that by himself.
Doing that probably won't be dangerous.
I didn't think Tom would be nervous.
Tom said he thought I was very annoying.
Doing that likely won't be interesting.
I didn't think Tom would be jealous.
Tom said he sold his house for $300,000.
Doing that is likely to be very boring.
I didn't tell Tom who my father was.
Tom said he really doesn't do that much.
Doing that here will be very expensive.
I didn't tell Tom where I was going.
Tom said he never wanted this to happen.
Do you think you'd be quiet doing that?
I didn't tell Tom what was going on.
Tom said he never wanted that to happen.
Do you think you'd be happy doing that?
I didn't tell Tom what might happen.
Tom said he never considered doing that.
Do you think it's dangerous to do that?
I didn't tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom said he needs to do that by himself.
Do you still go swimming every weekend?
I didn't tell Tom what I had to buy.
Tom said he needs to borrow an umbrella.
Do you remember what time you did that?
I didn't tell Tom I lived in Boston.
Tom said he needed to borrow some money.
Do you know whose sunglasses these are?
I didn't sit around waiting for Tom.
Tom said he hopes to be back in October.
Do you have any idea what we should do?
I didn't realize that Tom was lying.
Tom said he hoped to be back in October.
Do you always lock your house at night?
I didn't realize Tom should do that.
Tom said he hoped he could win the race.
Do I need to get permission to do that?
I didn't realize Tom had to do that.
Tom said he heard noises in the kitchen.
Didn't you know that I used to do that?
I didn't notice what Tom was eating.
Tom said he has to learn how to do that.
Did you stay in Boston all last summer?
I didn't notice how Tom was dressed.
Tom said he had to learn how to do that.
Did both of your parents go to college?
I didn't let Tom go out in the rain.
Tom said he got really tired doing that.
Did I translate the sentence correctly?
I didn't know where Tom's house was.
Tom said he doesn't remember doing that.
Could you stop by my office after 2:30?
I didn't know what Tom was thinking.
Tom said he doesn't know how to do that.
Could you give me a couple of examples?
I didn't know what Tom wanted to do.
Tom said he didn't want to sing with us.
Chuck's Diner is now open for business.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't happy.
Tom said he didn't want to mow the lawn.
Chuck's Diner has gone out of business.
I didn't know that Tom was a doctor.
Tom said he didn't want to do that here.
Both of your legs need to be amputated.
I didn't know that Tom had children.
Tom said he didn't recommend doing that.
Both of my brothers have been arrested.
I didn't know that Tom could see me.
Tom said he didn't have anything to eat.
Are you going to do that tomorrow, too?
I didn't know how to respond to Tom.
Tom said he didn't have a place to stay.
Are you confident that you can do that?
I didn't know Tom was your grandson.
Tom said he appreciated you being there.
Are we going to stay in Boston tonight?
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said doing that was never an option.
Am I the only one who wants to do that?
I didn't know Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom said I was the one with the problem.
Am I the only one who needs to do that?
I didn't know Tom needed to do that.
Tom said I should've helped him do that.
All three of us overslept this morning.
I didn't give Tom what he asked for.
Tom said I didn't sound very optimistic.
All the walls in my house need painted.
I didn't expect to hear Tom's voice.
Tom refused to do what I told him to do.
About what time will you be doing that?
I didn't expect Tom to be so hungry.
Tom quit the project after three months.
About how long will it take to do that?
I didn't exactly tell Tom the truth.
Tom probably won't pass the examination.
About how long does it take to do that?
I can't imagine Tom ever doing that.
Tom probably knows more than he told us.
Your timing couldn't have been better.
I can't believe you did that to Tom.
Tom probably had a hard time doing that.
Your handwriting is almost unreadable.
I can see why Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom probably had a good time doing that.
Your French pronunciation is terrible.
I bet Tom would be able to help you.
Tom probably drinks more than he should.
You've lost a few pounds, haven't you?
I assumed Tom would want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know what happened.
You've already graduated, haven't you?
I asked Tom why I shouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm busy.
You're willing to do that, aren't you?
I asked Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know much about it.
You're too young to apply for the job.
I already know what Tom wants to do.
Tom probably can't do that without help.
You're through doing that, aren't you?
I already know what Tom plans to do.
You're the worst student in the class.
How often does Tom get his hair cut?
Tom planted roses in front of his house.
You're the only one who can't do that.
How often do you eat lunch with Tom?
Tom opened the door and let his dog out.
You're the one who told us to do that.
How long did it take Tom to do that?
Tom only answered some of the questions.
You're the one I want to do that with.
How did you know what Tom had to do?
Tom often takes long walks on the beach.
You're the best French speaker I know.
Have you told Tom that you love him?
Tom often forgets to turn off the light.
You're one of the richest men in town.
Even Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom never had an opportunity to do that.
You're obliged to do that, aren't you?
Don't you think Tom might be scared?
Tom needs us to show him how to do that.
You're in no rush to do that, are you?
Don't you think Tom might be lonely?
Tom needs to learn to think for himself.
You're fortunate that you can do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom to do that.
Tom needs to be the next one to do that.
You're a speech therapist, aren't you?
Don't forget to pick Tom up at 2:30.
Tom needs to be excused from doing that.
You're a native of Boston, aren't you?
Don't expect Tom to do that for you.
Tom must've been tired when he got home.
You're a graduate student, aren't you?
Don't be surprised if Tom does that.
Tom must be tired after working all day.
You're a college graduate, aren't you?
Does Tom still want to go to Boston?
Tom might want to go to Boston with you.
You're a Canadian citizen, aren't you?
Does Tom still do that the same way?
Tom might be coming to Boston next week.
You'll never be able to do that again.
Does Tom often go on business trips?
Tom may stay in Boston for another week.
You'll likely get very wet doing that.
Does Tom always speak French to you?
Tom manages a restaurant on Park Street.
You'll have to do that someplace else.
Do you want Tom to buy that for you?
You'll get fired if you don't do that.
Do you think Tom would lend me $300?
Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
You'll do that pretty soon, won't you?
Do you think Tom was careful enough?
Tom knows we aren't supposed to do that.
You'll do that next Monday, won't you?
Do you think Tom might be dishonest?
Tom knows he no longer needs to do that.
You'll do that immediately, won't you?
Do you think Tom could be in Boston?
Tom knows I'm supposed to do that today.
You'll do that by yourself, won't you?
Do you know why Tom kept doing that?
Tom knew we weren't supposed to do that.
You'll do that again today, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom used to do that?
Tom isn't the only one who's frustrated.
You'll cook for us tonight, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom played the oboe?
Tom isn't the one who actually did that.
You'd be stupid if you didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston?
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that now.
You wouldn't do that to me, would you?
Didn't you know Tom had an accident?
Tom isn't really sure what he should do.
You wouldn't do that again, would you?
Did you know where Tom wanted to go?
Tom isn't really sure what he has to do.
You won't do that this week, will you?
Did you know that Tom would do that?
Tom isn't likely to be retired yet.
You won't be allowed to do that again.
Did you know that Tom was a dentist?
Tom isn't likely to be embarrassed.
You won't allowed to do that anywhere.
Did you know Tom was good at French?
Tom isn't likely to be cooperative.
You weren't able to do that, were you?
Did you know Tom is good at cooking?
You were able to do that, weren't you?
Did you know Tom enjoyed doing that?
Tom is very unlikely to want to do that.
You were a child prodigy, weren't you?
Could it have been Tom who did that?
Tom is very frugal, but he's not stingy.
You want to see me do that, don't you?
Both of Tom's brothers were injured.
Tom is trying to ignore what's going on.
You used to be a comedian, didn't you?
Ask Tom if he needs help doing that.
Tom is the person I've been waiting for.
You told me you wouldn't ever do that.
All three of us were at Tom's party.
Tom is the only person I know in Boston.
You should've refused to go to Boston.
All of Tom's children are in Boston.
Tom is the only name on the list so far.
You should probably not do that today.
You're three months older than Tom.
Tom is the one who should be doing that.
You should have no problem doing that.
You'll make Tom do that, won't you?
Tom is still willing to do that for you.
You should do that as soon as you can.
You'll help Tom do that, won't you?
Tom is still better at French than I am.
You should come to visit us in Boston.
You'll do that with Tom, won't you?
Tom is probably not having a lot of fun.
You should be the next one to do that.
You were foolish to meet Tom again.
Tom is one of the tallest people I know.
You should be done doing that by 2:30.
You want Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom is much richer than you think he is.
You should be able to do that as well.
You still can't stand Tom, can you?
Tom is lucky he's still able to do that.
You seemed to be unwilling to do that.
You shouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom is lucky he didn't lose his license.
You seemed to be reluctant to do that.
You should've asked Tom to do that.
Tom is likely too distracted to do that.
You seemed to be doing that very well.
You should tell Tom you'll do that.
Tom is likely to still be in his office.
You seem to be a lot busier than I am.
You should show Tom how to do that.
Tom is likely to still be in Boston now.
You remember what happened, don't you?
You promised you'd do that for Tom.
Tom is likely to be hesitant to do that.
You really like to do that, don't you?
You may talk to Tom if you want to.
Tom is likely to be called as a witness.
You really like doing that, don't you?
You know what Tom wants, don't you?
Tom is in the living room, taking a nap.
You never do that by yourself, do you?
Would Tom ever consider doing that?
Tom is happy with how things turned out.
You need to figure out how to do that.
Will Tom work in Boston next month?
Tom is going to be very glad to see you.
You may use my hatchet if you want to.
Will Tom stay in Boston all summer?
Tom is considering becoming a bartender.
You may use my bicycle if you want to.
Will Tom really be able to do that?
Tom is being taken care of by his uncle.
You look like you're in a lot of pain.
Will Tom be able to do that for us?
Tom is beginning to do things like that.
You look like you're going to be sick.
Why didn't you have to go to Tom's?
Tom is apparently a good trumpet player.
You look like you might be interested.
Why did that matter so much to Tom?
Tom is apparently a good French speaker.
You look like you could use some rest.
Why did Tom need to be there early?
Tom is an outstanding basketball player.
You know why that happened, don't you?
Why did Tom have to be there early?
Tom is also not very good at doing that.
You knew that I'd do that, didn't you?
Why isn't Tom working here anymore?
Tom is actually only thirteen years old.
You knew I should do that, didn't you?
Who told you Tom wanted to do that?
Tom is able to do that without any help.
You knew I had to do that, didn't you?
Who told you Tom needed to do that?
Tom is a very popular kid at his school.
You just have to wait a little longer.
Who told you Tom had been arrested?
Tom is a real popular kid at his school.
You have to stop doing that right now.
Where does Tom usually go swimming?
Tom introduced me to a very pretty girl.
You have to figure out how to do that.
Where did you and Tom go yesterday?
Tom injured himself while playing rugby.
You had many opportunities to do that.
When's Tom coming back from Boston?
Tom hung the lamp on the limb of a tree.
You get up early every day, don't you?
When do you think Tom will do that?
Tom hopes that he'll be able to do that.
You don't want to do that now, do you?
When did you study French with Tom?
Tom helped an old woman across the road.
You don't think we'll do that, do you?
What prevented Tom from doing that?
Tom held that job for only three months.
You don't think I can do that, do you?
What did you tell Tom he had to do?
Tom hasn't taught French in a long time.
You don't seem to know how to do that.
What Tom said was a little strange.
Tom hasn't done that since October 20th.
You don't seem to be eager to do that.
What Tom is going to do is unclear.
Tom hasn't done that as often as I have.
You don't remember doing that, do you?
What I'll do is ask Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't come to work for three weeks.
You don't really speak French, do you?
We should take Tom to the hospital.
Tom hasn't been punished for doing that.
You don't need to shout. I'm not deaf.
We expect Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom hasn't accomplished anything so far.
You don't need to know why I did that.
We expect Tom to be back on Monday.
Tom has told me he'll sign the contract.
You don't need to do that now, do you?
Was it you who told Tom to do that?
Tom has told me I don't need to do that.
You don't need to be young to do that.
Was Tom in history class today?
Tom has told me I don't have to do that.
You don't know why I did that, do you?
They don't pay Tom much to do that.
Tom has three friends who are Canadians.
You don't know how to do that, do you?
There's no way Tom will be on time.
Tom has three brothers who are triplets.
You don't know how I did that, do you?
The way Tom did that was brilliant.
Tom has the ability to make that happen.
You don't have you to do that anymore.
The old TV Tom gave me didn't work.
Tom has taught for the last three years.
You don't have to be young to do that.
That's not what Tom promised to do.
Tom has started playing his banjo again.
You don't get paid to do that, do you?
Tell Tom not to do that by himself.
Tom has started looking for another job.
You don't do that like most people do.
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom has promised to never be late again.
You do speak French very well, do you?
Perhaps Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom has promised to do better next time.
You didn't look like you were shocked.
Perhaps Tom is waiting for a reply.
Tom has promised not to do that anymore.
You didn't look like you were nervous.
Perhaps Tom doesn't use it anymore.
Tom has postponed his trip to Australia.
You didn't look like you were jealous.
My guess is that Tom won't do that.
Tom has personally helped me many times.
You didn't do that last week, did you?
Maybe Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom has overstepped his authority again.
You didn't do that after all, did you?
Maybe Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Tom has no choice but to try doing that.
You did that very quickly, didn't you?
It would be mean to do that to Tom.
Tom has never said he wanted to do that.
You definitely didn't need to do that.
It was yesterday that Tom did that.
Tom has moved out of his parents' house.
You definitely didn't have to do that.
It was last year that Tom did that.
Tom has finally decided to go to Boston.
You could come with me if you want to.
It took Tom three hours to do that.
Tom has done what he was supposed to do.
You complained about that, didn't you?
It seems that Tom wants to do that.
Tom has done something like that before.
You can sit next to me if you want to.
It seems like Tom likes to do that.
Tom has decided to go back to Australia.
You apparently didn't need to do that.
It seems like Tom likes doing that.
Tom has contracted an incurable disease.
You apparently didn't have to do that.
It looks like Tom wants to do that.
Tom has been waiting here for some time.
You agreed not to do that, didn't you?
Is it true that Tom didn't do that?
Tom has been waiting for that to happen.
Wouldn't you like to do that tomorrow?
Is Tom still trying to lose weight?
Tom has been told to do that by himself.
Would you still be willing to do that?
Is Tom still living on Park Street?
Tom has been to Australia several times.
Would you like something hot to drink?
Is Tom still determined to do that?
Tom has been teaching us some new stuff.
Would you like me to buy that for you?
Is Tom still be willing to do that?
Tom has been teaching French since 2013.
Will you go to Boston this month, too?
I've never seen Tom do that before.
Tom has been in his bedroom all evening.
Will you clean your room this weekend?
I've asked Tom to buy that for you.
Tom has been in a coma for three months.
Will it be all right to do that today?
I'm very sure Tom needs to do that.
Tom has been here for about three years.
Why don't you want to do that with me?
I'm sure that's what Tom has to do.
Tom has been helping out in the kitchen.
Why don't you let me buy that for you?
I'm sure that's not Tom's umbrella.
Tom has been doing that since yesterday.
Why do you have a bandage on your arm?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Tom has been doing that his entire life.
Why do people study foreign languages?
I'm sure Tom would love to do that.
Tom has been doing that for three years.
Why didn't anyone tell me this before?
I'm sure Tom would hate to do that.
Tom has been doing that for a few years.
Why did you need to stay after school?
I'm sure Tom will help you do that.
Tom has been accused of stealing $3,000.
Whose son was in the traffic accident?
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom has asked the police for protection.
Whose responsibility is it to do that?
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom has always been interested in music.
Who told you I didn't want to do that?
I think Tom will be reasonable.
Tom has already said that he'll do that.
Who told you I didn't need to do that?
I wouldn't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom has already promised not to do that.
Who told you I didn't have to do that?
I wonder why Tom needed to do that.
Tom has already done that several times.
Who do you think would do that for us?
I wonder whether Tom has done that.
Tom has almost no experience doing that.
When you're my age, you'll understand.
I wonder if Tom would ever do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that again.
When will dinner be ready? I'm hungry.
I wonder if Tom will do that today.
Tom has a really strange sense of humor.
What version of Windows are you using?
I wonder if Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom hardly ever gives his wife presents.
What kinds of TV programs do you like?
I won't tell Tom what he should do.
Tom had to have been tempted to do that.
What kind of art do you like the most?
I won't tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom had plenty of time to get that done.
What do you want to do Monday evening?
I won't ask Tom to do that anymore.
Tom had no idea what he should be doing.
We've already dealt with that problem.
I wish you'd go to Boston with Tom.
Tom had a son who was killed in the war.
We're not supposed to do that anymore.
I wasn't surprised by what Tom did.
Tom had a lot of things he wanted to do.
We're not supposed to burn trash here.
I wanted to talk to Tom about that.
Tom had a lot of things he needed to do.
We'll still do that if you want us to.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't.
Tom got on his motorcycle and rode away.
We'll come to Boston for your wedding.
I wanted to go where Tom was going.
Tom got most of the things he asked for.
We were just in Boston a few days ago.
I wanted Tom to do that by himself.
Tom goes to the supermarket once a week.
We need to get back to Boston tonight.
I want to wait until Tom gets here.
Tom gave the same answer he always does.
We must work for at least three hours.
I want to know who Tom's mother is.
Tom frequently forgets to lock the door.
We might not go to Boston this spring.
I want to know who Tom's father is.
Tom expects to be transferred to Boston.
We may need to go to Boston on Monday.
I want to buy a piggy bank for Tom.
Tom expects all three of us to be there.
We have to get back to Boston tonight.
I tried to show Tom how to do that.
Tom eats a sandwich every day for lunch.
We have to do that while we still can.
I tried to get Tom to study French.
Tom doesn't write the speeches he gives.
We could probably do that if we tried.
I tried to convince Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to stop doing that.
We can visit Boston, too, if you want.
I told Tom that I couldn't do that.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for him.
This time I need to do that by myself.
I told Tom I wouldn't ever do that.
Tom doesn't want you to do that anymore.
This shouldn't take much of your time.
I told Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom doesn't usually go to school by bus.
This seems to be some kind of mistake.
I told Tom I didn't have much time.
Tom doesn't think that I should do that.
This is the third time I've done this.
I thought that would embarrass Tom.
Tom doesn't think he's going to do that.
This is a list of things I want to do.
I thought Tom would be unimpressed.
Tom doesn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
This is a list of things I need to do.
I thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Tom doesn't smile as much as he used to.
This is a list of things I have to do.
I thought Tom would be heartbroken.
Tom doesn't seem to know how to do that.
They won't permit you to do that here.
I thought Tom would be discouraged.
Tom doesn't seem to have figured it out.
There's no chance that that'll happen.
I thought Tom would be cooperative.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself.
The price was higher than we expected.
I thought Tom wasn't in his office.
Tom doesn't seem to be eager to do that.
The man driving our bus looked sleepy.
Tom doesn't really care how you do that.
The last few days have been very cold.
I thought Tom was ready to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he needs to do.
The judge's decision shocked everyone.
I thought Tom was going to be shot.
Tom doesn't need you to do that anymore.
The judge's decision caused an uproar.
I thought Tom was going to be late.
Tom doesn't need to know why I did that.
That would be impossible for me to do.
I thought Tom was flirting with me.
Tom doesn't like to throw anything away.
Please explain to me how you did that.
I thought Tom should buy a new car.
Tom doesn't like to go horseback riding.
Please do that for as long as you can.
I thought I could help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't like swimming in the winter.
Perhaps it's not necessary to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be suspicious.
Tom doesn't like baseball or basketball.
People around here frequently do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested.
Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Old men are the only ones who do that.
I think Tom would like to be alone.
Tom doesn't know who's going to do that.
Not everyone can afford such a luxury.
I think Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know the value of education.
No one but me is permitted to do that!
Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
No one I know really likes doing that.
I think Tom will be here on Monday.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
No one I know really enjoy doing that.
I think Tom said that he'd do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
My youngest daughter just got married.
I think Tom is visiting Boston now.
Tom doesn't have you to do that anymore.
My shirt is drying on the clothesline.
I think Tom is too lazy to do that.
Tom doesn't have very many friends here.
My parents won't permit me to do that.
I think Tom is finished doing that.
Tom doesn't have to do that immediately.
My parents don't permit me to do that.
I think Tom has a cousin in Boston.
Tom doesn't have the stamina to do that.
My parent's won't allow me to do that.
I think Tom does that all the time.
Tom doesn't have the ability to do that.
My hearing has gradually gotten worse.
I think Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't have enough time to do that.
My favorite day of the week is Monday.
I think Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't have as many stamps as I do.
My children can speak French a little.
I think Tom could teach you French.
Tom doesn't care whether we come or not.
My car gets thirty kilometers a liter.
I think Tom could probably do that.
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston now.
My bicycle is a lot better than yours.
I think Tom could be in Boston now.
Tom does that because he wants to do it.
My bedroom is much cleaner than yours.
I think Tom could be back tomorrow.
Tom does that because he loves doing it.
Mt. Fuji is a very beautiful mountain.
I think Tom could actually do that.
Tom disliked being treated like a child.
Most people here can't swim very well.
I think Tom can't actually do that.
Tom died on the morning of October 20th.
Most of the passengers were uninjured.
I think Tom can do that by himself.
Tom died on his way back from Australia.
Monday would be a good day to do that.
I think I could get Tom to do that.
Tom died in the same bed he was born in.
Monday is my favorite day of the week.
I still can't believe Tom did that.
Tom didn't think that you could do that.
Maybe I can come to Boston in October.
I should've laughed at Tom's jokes.
Tom didn't tell me why I had to do that.
Mary looks beautiful in her new dress.
I should try to get Tom to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never done that.
Mary isn't as beautiful as her sister.
I should tell Tom to go home early.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten divorced.
Mary is the best-looking woman I know.
I should tell Tom not to be afraid.
Tom didn't seem like an intelligent man.
Mary is getting prettier and prettier.
I should probably help Tom do that.
Tom didn't say why he came here by taxi.
Let's rest a little before doing that.
I should get Tom to do that for me.
Tom didn't know what he should be doing.
Let's not delay doing that any longer.
I should do what Tom told me to do.
Tom didn't know that you would be there.
It's raining now, so we can't do that.
I should ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom didn't know that I couldn't do that.
It's probably too late to do that now.
I often do the same thing Tom does.
Tom didn't know how long he should wait.
I noticed that Tom's door was open.
Tom didn't expect to be able to do that.
It's not my responsibility to do that.
I know you didn't buy that for Tom.
Tom didn't do everything you say he did.
It's going to be very easy to do that.
I know why Tom should've done that.
Tom didn't do everything he said he did.
It's finally time to start doing that.
I know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
Tom didn't dare express his own opinion.
It'll probably be possible to do that.
I know the reason why Tom did that.
Tom did know he was supposed to do that.
It'll be almost impossible to do that.
I know that Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom did everything he felt he had to do.
It wouldn't be helpful to do that now.
I know all three of Tom's brothers.
Tom devoted a lot of time to doing that.
It wouldn't be easy for us to do that.
I know Tom will eventually do that.
Tom could've done that without our help.
It wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
I know Tom isn't telling the truth.
Tom could've been in Boston last Monday.
It would've been unethical to do that.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that.
Tom could still do that better, I think.
It would've been expensive to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom could only do that for a short time.
It would've been dangerous to do that.
I know Tom can't do that very well.
Tom could face a three-year prison term.
It would be very unethical to do that.
I know I have to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom could be tough when he needed to be.
It would be very obnoxious to do that.
I knew Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
It would be possible to do that again.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom could be prejudiced, but I doubt it.
It would be nice if you could do that.
I knew Tom was planning to do that.
Tom could be frightened, but I doubt it.
It would be great if we could do that.
I hope Tom won't refuse to do that.
Tom could be finished doing that by now.
It would be good to do that this week.
I hope Tom won't ask me to do that.
Tom continued doing that his whole life.
It was very foolish of you to do that.
I hope Tom will do that by himself.
Tom caught three passes in today's game.
It was a problem, but not a major one.
I hope Tom knows who won't do that.
Tom can't have forgotten how to do that.
It takes about three hours to do that.
I hope Tom knows what he should do.
Tom can do both things at the same time.
It shouldn't cost too much to do that.
I hope Tom knows what he has to do.
Tom can be in Boston by Monday, I think.
It should be cheap for you to do that.
I hope Tom knows he has to do that.
Tom came to visit me three weekends ago.
It probably won't be cheap to do that.
I hope Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom brags about how well he can do that.
It looks like you're in a lot of pain.
I hope Tom is doing well in school.
Tom bought his wife whatever she wanted.
It looks like you're having a bad day.
I hope Tom is doing that right now.
Tom believed that he would win the race.
It gets pretty hot here in the summer.
I hope Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that.
It doesn't look like you're impressed.
I hope Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that.
It doesn't look like you're exhausted.
I hope Tom doesn't make us do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't eat breakfast.
Is there anything else you need to do?
I helped Tom deal with the problem.
Tom asked me to tell him why I did that.
Is there anything else you have to do?
I heard that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom asked me to show you how to do that.
If you tell me what to do, I'll do it.
I heard Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom asked me if I really had to do that.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't do that.
I haven't yet reported Tom missing.
Tom asked if he was required to do that.
If I had enough time, I could do that.
I haven't said anything to Tom yet.
Tom apparently shouldn't have done that.
I've read all the books on this shelf.
I forgot to thank Tom for the gift.
Tom apparently has no desire to do that.
I've only done that about three times.
I forgot to thank Tom for his help.
Tom apparently had no desire to do that.
I've often gone to Boston on business.
I expect Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom apologized for doing that years ago.
I've never done that, but I'd like to.
I doubt if Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom answered yes to all three questions.
I've had a lot of practice doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be embarrassed.
Tom and his teenage son moved to Boston.
I've already read some of these books.
I doubt if Tom will be disobedient.
Tom and I've known each other for years.
I've already done what I needed to do.
I doubt if Tom will be discouraged.
Tom and I've decided not to get married.
I'm very busy now, so I can't do that.
I doubt if Tom will be cooperative.
Tom and I weren't the ones who did that.
I'm tired, so I don't want to do that.
I don't want to ask Tom to do that.
Tom and I were told to stay on our room.
I'm three months away from graduation.
I don't want Tom to move to Boston.
Tom and I were surprised by what we saw.
I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I don't want Tom to do that for me.
Tom and I were living in Boston in 2013.
I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I don't want Tom to come to Boston.
Tom and I want to study French together.
I'm the only one who knows what to do.
I don't think that I can trust Tom.
Tom and I usually study French together.
I'm the only one permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom would lie to you.
Tom and I threw snowballs at each other.
I'm studying to become an interpreter.
I don't think Tom would be jealous.
Tom and I take turns washing the dishes.
I'm still not very good at volleyball.
I don't think Tom will remember me.
Tom and I still aren't ready to do that.
I'm still not very good at doing that.
I don't think Tom will be stubborn.
Tom and I speak to each other in French.
I'm sorry I couldn't buy that for you.
I don't think Tom will be punctual.
Tom and I shared a hotel room in Boston.
I'm really glad I was able to do that.
I don't think Tom will be obedient.
Tom and I often work together on Monday.
I'm not the only one who has a camera.
I don't think Tom will be confused.
Tom and I often tell each other stories.
I'm not the one who actually did that.
I don't think Tom will be careless.
Tom and I nodded to each other politely.
I'm not sure that's what I want to do.
I don't think Tom was being unfair.
Tom and I met at a New Year's Eve party.
I'm not sure that's what I need to do.
I don't think Tom wants to do that.
Tom and I live in the same part of town.
I'm not sure that's what I have to do.
I don't think Tom ought to do that.
Tom and I live in the same neighborhood.
I'm not sure if I'll do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that.
Tom and I haven't done our homework yet.
I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom is very talented.
Tom and I have always been good friends.
I'm not responsible for what happened.
I don't think Tom is uncomfortable.
Tom and I have almost nothing in common.
I'm not looking forward to doing that.
Tom and I have a very good relationship.
I'm not interested in going to Boston.
I don't really care what Tom wants.
Tom and I hardly ever agree on anything.
I'm not going to do that next weekend.
I don't often let Tom drive my car.
Tom and I had a huge fight this morning.
I'm not going anywhere this afternoon.
I don't like science, but Tom does.
Tom and I had a good time playing chess.
I'm not coming to Boston this weekend.
I don't let Tom do that by himself.
Tom and I don't often do the same thing.
I'm not certain I'll do that tomorrow.
I don't know why Tom was in prison.
Tom and I don't love each other anymore.
I'm having trouble remembering things.
I don't know why Tom is doing that.
Tom and I do almost everything together.
I'm certain that'll happen eventually.
I don't know why Tom got impatient.
Tom and I aren't very likely to do that.
I'm afraid I won't be able to do that.
I don't know who built Tom's house.
Tom and I aren't speaking to each other.
I'll write to you at your new address.
I don't know where to wait for Tom.
Tom and I are still making up our minds.
I'll teach French in Boston next year.
I don't know where to look for Tom.
Tom and I are having a really good time.
I'll remember today as long as I live.
I don't know where Tom wants to go.
Tom and I are getting married next year.
I'll probably go to Boston in October.
I don't know where Tom needs to go.
Tom and I are busy planning our wedding.
I'll never forgive you if you do that.
I don't know when Tom will do that.
Tom always eats lunch with us on Monday.
I'll never forgive you for doing that.
I don't know when Tom will be here.
Tom almost never does that before lunch.
I'll meet you at the airport tomorrow.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat.
Tom actually stayed in Boston all month.
I'll be doing that tomorrow afternoon.
I don't know what Tom wants to buy.
Tom's wife is just as strange as he is.
I'd speak to you in French if I could.
I don't know what Tom really wants.
Tom's singing didn't impress me at all.
I'd rather stay here than go anywhere.
I don't know what Tom is doing now.
Tom's first book was published in 2013.
I'd rather be here than anywhere else.
I don't know if Tom is busy or not.
Tom's designs didn't impress me at all.
I'd like to figure out how to do that.
I don't know how to respond to Tom.
Tom's car is parked in front of my car.
I'd like a couple of kilos of loquats.
I don't know any of Tom's children.
Tom's business is doing extremely well.
I'd do that for you if you want me to.
I don't know Tom as well as you do.
Tom wrote one of the songs on my album.
I'd do that again if I had the chance.
I don't have any idea where Tom is.
Tom wouldn't have done that by himself.
I didn't want to tell Tom anything.
Tom would never have agreed to do that.
I wouldn't visit Boston if I were you.
I didn't want to go to Tom's party.
Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I wouldn't go to Boston if I were you.
I didn't want to go there with Tom.
Tom would be impressed if you did that.
I wonder why we don't have to do that.
I didn't want to be alone with Tom.
Tom worked in Boston from to 2013.
I wonder why I didn't have to do that.
I didn't want Tom to do that again.
Tom won't likely want to do that again.
I wonder if it's safe to do that here.
I didn't think that Tom was hungry.
Tom won't likely need to do that again.
I wonder if it's dangerous to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be sleepy.
Tom won't likely have to do that today.
I wonder if it would be OK to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be scared.
Tom won't likely have to do that again.
I won't permit you to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom would be lonely.
Tom won't likely be through doing that.
I won't do that unless you do it, too.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid.
Tom won't likely be tempted to do that.
I wish we had stayed in Boston longer.
I didn't think Tom would be absent.
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.
I wish we could stay in Boston longer.
I didn't think Tom was embarrassed.
Tom won't likely be absent again today.
I wish I'd had enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom was discouraged.
Tom won't be permitted to do that here.
I wish I'd been old enough to do that.
I didn't think Tom was cooperative.
Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
I wish I hadn't looked out the window.
I didn't tell Tom which hat to buy.
Tom won't be allowed to do that either.
I wish I hadn't left the windows open.
I didn't tell Tom what I was doing.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem.
I wasn't in the mood to do that today.
I didn't tell Tom what I had to do.
Tom won't be able to do that very well.
I was too young to drive at that time.
I didn't tell Tom that I loved him.
Tom won't be able to do that every day.
I was too young to drink at that time.
I didn't tell Tom about this place.
Tom will probably volunteer to do that.
I was the only one who had to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten fired.
Tom will probably pass the examination.
I was the only one who didn't do that.
I didn't really think Tom did that.
Tom will probably be impressed by that.
I was the only one allowed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom had left.
Tom will probably be at home on Monday.
I was the one who should've done that.
I didn't realize how smart Tom was.
Tom will probably be afraid to do that.
I was on a sick leave for three weeks.
I didn't realize I had to help Tom.
Tom will probably agree not to do that.
I was hoping you could do that for me.
I didn't pay much attention to Tom.
Tom will likely be hesitant to do that.
I was aware that I was being followed.
I didn't offer Tom anything to eat.
Tom will likely be doing that tomorrow.
I was able to do that on my third try.
I didn't notice what Tom was up to.
Tom will get an opportunity to do that.
I want to stay here until next Monday.
I didn't notice what Tom was doing.
Tom will be downstairs waiting for you.
I want to spend time with my children.
I didn't like what I saw Tom doing.
Tom went to the well to get some water.
I want to see what's in your suitcase.
I didn't like it when Tom did that.
Tom went and got a book from the shelf.
I want to rent an apartment in Boston.
I didn't know you were helping Tom.
Tom wasn't very irritated by the noise.
I want to learn how to play badminton.
I didn't know what Tom was reading.
Tom wasn't the first person here today.
I want to know who you ate lunch with.
I didn't know what Tom was cooking.
Tom wasn't given the chance to do that.
I want to know what you'd like to eat.
I didn't know that Tom was unhappy.
Tom was too scared to go into the cave.
I want to know if you're free tonight.
I didn't know that Tom was married.
Tom was told not to do that by himself.
I want to help, but I don't have time.
I didn't know that Tom was in town.
Tom was the one who told us to do that.
I want to eat Chinese food for dinner.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom was the first one to get that done.
I want to do that before it gets dark.
I didn't know Tom was your husband.
Tom was the first one to be eliminated.
I want to do that as soon as possible.
I didn't know Tom was your brother.
Tom was the captain of basketball team.
I want to come to Boston next weekend.
I didn't know Tom was still single.
Tom was sitting on a bench in the park.
I want to buy some books for children.
I didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Tom was only permitted to do that once.
I want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't know I was older than Tom.
Tom was one of those who were laid off.
I want to be a professional violinist.
I didn't intend to let Tom kiss me.
Tom was one of those who were arrested.
I want all of you to listen carefully.
I didn't have to explain it to Tom.
Tom was mugged by three men in hoodies.
I try to do that at least once a week.
I didn't get on the train with Tom.
Tom was in a hurry because he was late.
I thought you'd be doing that all day.
I didn't get a chance to thank Tom.
Tom was already asleep when I got home.
I thought you'd be at today's meeting.
I didn't expect Tom to outsmart me.
Tom wanted to be in Boston last Monday.
I thought you were supposed to be strong.
I didn't expect Tom to be so tired.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with him.
I thought you said I couldn't do that.
I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
Tom very rarely does that before lunch.
I thought you didn't have a boyfriend.
I didn't discuss the plan with Tom.
Tom usually has a good time doing that.
I thought we weren't going to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he asked for.
Tom tried to drown himself last summer.
I thought it was dangerous to do that.
I didn't allow Tom to drive my car.
Tom told us he could understand French.
I thought I'd go to Boston next month.
I did the exact same thing Tom did.
I thought I'd be doing that by myself.
I can't move as quickly as Tom can.
Tom told me that he's ready to do that.
I thought I smelled something rotting.
I can't believe Tom is over thirty.
Tom told me that he'd do that tomorrow.
I thought I might not need to do that.
I called Tom to ask him to do that.
Tom told me that he has just done that.
I thought I might not have to do that.
I bet Tom would be able to do that.
Tom told me that I was being too bossy.
I think it would be a mistake to do that.
Tom told me that I should quit smoking.
I think something strange is going on.
How can we convince Tom to do that?
Tom told me that I should do that soon.
I think it's probably safe to do that.
How can I make Tom stop doing that?
Tom told me that I looked disorganized.
I think it's probably easy to do that.
Have you told Tom why you did that?
Tom told me last night he might retire.
I think it might be unsafe to do that.
Have you asked Tom why he did that?
Tom told me it would be fun to do that.
I think it might be stupid to do that.
Has Tom ever considered doing that?
Tom told me he'd just gotten a divorce.
I think doing that would be too risky.
Has Tom been living in Boston long?
Tom told his son to eat his vegetables.
I think doing that would be a mistake.
Everyone went to Boston except Tom.
Tom thinks he won't be able to do that.
I think doing that won't be very easy.
Don't you try to blame this on Tom.
Tom tends to drink too much at parties.
I think doing that should be possible.
Don't forget to ask Tom to do that.
Tom taught French here for three years.
I think doing that might be dangerous.
Don't do that until Tom gets there.
Tom strongly advised me not to do that.
I think I'll be able to do that today.
Doing that wouldn't make Tom happy.
Tom still wants to do that, doesn't he?
I think I can do that faster than you.
Does Tom need to be doing that now?
Tom still needs to do that, doesn't he?
I still have to read three more pages.
Does Tom have to be doing that now?
Tom still manages to do that very well.
I shouldn't have to work this weekend.
Does Tom have the skill to do that?
Tom still hasn't answered my questions.
I should've stayed at home last night.
Does Tom always do that by himself?
Tom still does that as often as he can.
I should've done that three weeks ago.
Do you think Tom will be surprised?
Tom started doing that three years ago.
I should've bought something to drink.
Do you think Tom will be exhausted?
Tom started doing that a few weeks ago.
I should've been a little more polite.
Do you think Tom is too aggressive?
Tom stacked the dishes in the cupboard.
I should wait until Monday to do that.
Do you think Tom is doing that now?
Tom spent three months in the hospital.
I should be able to do that on my own.
Do you still permit Tom to do that?
Tom spent the whole day playing guitar.
I should be able to do that by myself.
Do you know why Tom had to do that?
Tom spent almost three years in prison.
I saw something floating in the water.
Didn't you know that Tom had a dog?
Tom spent a lot of time in the library.
I remember having done that somewhere.
Didn't you know Tom would be there?
Tom spends a lot of time reading books.
I regret not staying in Boston longer.
Didn't you know Tom was doing that?
Tom spends a lot of time playing games.
I regret not having done that earlier.
Didn't you know Tom was a Canadian?
Tom sometimes eats out with his family.
I really can't speak French very well.
Didn't you know Tom had to do that?
Tom sometime helps me with my homework.
I realized I didn't have enough money.
Didn't you know Tom died in Boston?
Tom shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I promised you I'd help you, didn't I?
Did you know that Tom was Canadian?
Tom shouldn't be doing that by himself.
I probably won't try to do that again.
Did you know Tom wasn't happy here?
Tom shouldn't be allowed any more time.
I pretty sure I won't have to do that.
Did you know Tom wanted to do that?
Tom should've sent a letter of apology.
I never knew Mr. Jackson's first name.
Did you know Tom played the guitar?
Tom should've gone to Boston last week.
I never had an opportunity to do that.
Did you know Tom needed to do that?
Tom should've done that, but he didn't.
I need to do that as soon as possible.
Did you know Tom is good at French?
Tom should've done that three days ago.
I need a volunteer to help me do that.
Did you know Tom has been arrested?
Tom should've done that somewhere else.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this.
Did Tom stay in Boston last summer?
Tom should've done that someplace else.
I may have to give a speech in French.
Could you show me a picture of Tom?
Tom should've done that more carefully.
I learned how to do that the hard way.
Ask Tom what he wants to listen to.
Tom should probably not have done that.
I know why you didn't want to do that.
Ask Tom if he knows how to do that.
Tom should know better than to do that.
I know that won't happen anytime soon.
Ask Tom if he can help us tomorrow.
Tom should have a good time doing that.
I know about everything that happened.
All of Tom's toys are made of wood.
Tom should do that as soon as possible.
I know I'll need to help you tomorrow.
"Is Tom afraid?" "Yes, I think so."
Tom should be the first one to do that.
I knew doing that would be worthwhile.
"Has Tom done that?" "No, not yet."
Tom should be interested in doing that.
I knew I'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Your singing really impressed Tom.
Tom seldom, if ever, eats meat anymore.
I knew I might be required to do that.
You're three years older than Tom.
Tom seldom, if ever, does that anymore.
I just did that less than an hour ago.
You're a good deal older than Tom.
Tom seems to enjoy reading comic books.
I just can't stay here and do nothing.
You're a few years older than Tom.
Tom seemed to do that better this time.
I intend to get that done by tomorrow.
You're a better musician than Tom.
Tom seemed to be in a hurry to do that.
I hope I didn't keep you waiting long.
You're Tom's neighbor, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be doing a very nice job.
I helped the old woman cross the road.
You'll let Tom do that, won't you?
Tom seemed to be determined to do that.
I helped the old lady across the road.
You'll do that for Tom, won't you?
Tom seemed amused by what was going on.
I helped an old man across the street.
You'll ask Tom do that, won't you?
Tom scraped his knee when he fell down.
I heard you actually tried to do that.
You think Tom did that, don't you?
Tom says we don't have time to do that.
I haven't finished writing the report.
You do that the same way Tom does.
Tom says that he won't do that anymore.
I haven't finished reading the report.
Would you really buy that for Tom?
Tom says he's ready to help us do that.
I haven't been doing that much lately.
Would Tom really buy that for you?
Tom says he's not a member of any club.
I haven't been back to Boson in years.
Will Tom live in Boston next year?
Tom says he's been injured three times.
I have to do that as soon as possible.
Will Tom go to Boston next summer?
Tom says he'd rather not do that today.
I hate people who do things like that.
Will Tom be doing that by himself?
Tom says he wishes he hadn't done that.
I hate it when people keep me waiting.
Why don't you want to talk to Tom?
Tom says he wants more money than that.
I had to come to Boston for a meeting.
Why does Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom says he used to be able to do that.
I had a headache, so I didn't do that.
Why does Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom says he thinks he needs to do that.
I found the wallet I thought I'd lost.
Why did you permit Tom to do that?
Tom says he needs more money than that.
I finally visited Boston last October.
Why did Tom go to the supermarket?
Tom says he hasn't done that in months.
I doubt if it would be fun to do that.
Why aren't you in Boston with Tom?
Tom says he has about thirty cookbooks.
I don't have many friends in Boston.
Who told you Tom wouldn't help us?
Tom says he doesn't do that very often.
I don't want you to do that right now.
Who told you Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom says he didn't know how to do that.
I don't want to watch TV this evening.
Who told you Tom had been injured?
Tom says he could never live in Boston.
I don't want to sing with you anymore.
Who told you Tom couldn't do that?
Tom said we shouldn't leave until 2:30.
I don't want to make a fool of myself.
Who did Tom say taught him French?
Tom said three shots were fired in all.
I don't want to have to do that again.
When did Tom have his house built?
Tom said there's a reason he does that.
I don't want to cross the picket line.
What did Tom do that was so wrong?
Tom said the team needed a new captain.
I don't want my friends to see me cry.
They tell me that Tom can do that.
Tom said the accident wasn't his fault.
I don't want anything for my birthday.
That won't make Tom sick, will it?
Tom said that would likely happen soon.
I don't think you're being reasonable.
Should we tell Tom not to do that?
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen.
I don't think you should've done that.
Please tell Tom to lock the doors.
Tom said that he won't do that anymore.
I don't think you should do that here.
Please tell Tom to get here early.
Tom said that he wasn't very impressed.
I don't think you should buy that car.
Please tell Tom that I'll do that.
Tom said that he wasn't hungry anymore.
I don't think doing that would be fun.
Please tell Tom he should do that.
Tom said that he wasn't having any fun.
I don't think I've forgotten anything.
Please tell Tom he has to do that.
Tom said that he had fun at your party.
I don't think I'll need too much help.
Please tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom said that could never happen again.
I don't think I'll need any more help.
Perhaps Tom would like to do that.
Tom said some things will never change.
I don't think I'll ever do that again.
Perhaps Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom said it was pretty easy to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be happy here.
Perhaps Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said it was him who should do that.
I don't think I'll be able to do that.
Perhaps Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom said it was him who had to do that.
I don't think I'd have fun doing that.
Perhaps Tom needs to do that, too.
Tom said it snowed in Boston yesterday.
I don't think I want to do that today.
My wife told Tom I wasn't at home.
Tom said his schedule has been changed.
I don't think I should really do that.
My guess is that Tom will do that.
Tom said he's pleased with the results.
I don't think I really had to do that.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's.
Tom said he's interested in doing that.
I don't think I need to do that today.
Maybe Tom is doing that right now.
Tom said he's glad you weren't injured.
I don't think I have to do that today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know where I am.
Tom said he's been to Australia before.
I don't think I can do that right now.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom said he'd do that if I did it, too.
I don't think I can do that by myself.
Maybe I can go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said he'd do that again, didn't he?
I don't remember if I locked the door.
It's not often that Tom does that.
Tom said he'd be retiring next October.
I don't remember if I did that or not.
It wasn't easy for Tom to do that.
Tom said he'd be in Boston next Monday.
I don't really want to live in Boston.
It sounds like Tom has to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't forget that night.
I don't quite remember when I did that.
Is Tom still working as a plumber?
Tom said he wished he hadn't done that.
I don't need to know why you did that.
Is Tom still permitted to do that?
Tom said he wished he hadn't been late.
I don't need to go to the store today.
Tom said he wasn't the least bit tired.
I don't need to go to school tomorrow.
If you do that, Tom will be happy.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to drive.
I don't need to get up early tomorrow.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to drink.
I don't need to do that, but I should.
I've never seen Tom wearing jeans.
Tom said he wasn't a good chess player.
I don't need to be at today's meeting.
I'm the person Tom is waiting for.
Tom said he was starting to feel dizzy.
I don't mind if you don't wait for me.
I'm sure Tom won't object to that.
Tom said he was asked to do that again.
I don't like to have my picture taken.
I'm sure Tom won't be embarrassed.
Tom said he wants to be a fire fighter.
I don't know whether it's true or not.
I'm sure Tom hasn't forgotten you.
Tom said he wanted to be ready by 2:30.
I don't know where to put my umbrella.
I'm supposed to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he knew what to do.
I don't know where the supermarket is.
I'm really glad that Tom did that.
Tom said he saw no point in doing that.
I don't know how to ride a motorcycle.
I'm not sure what Tom wants to do.
Tom said he often thinks about leaving.
I don't know how to play the clarinet.
I'm not sure what Tom needs to do.
Tom said he now regrets not doing that.
I don't know how to get to your place.
I'm certain that Tom will do that.
Tom said he needs to borrow some money.
I don't know how much money was taken.
I'd never stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom said he isn't the least bit hungry.
I don't know how much money I'll need.
I'd never seen Tom do that before.
Tom said he hopes to keep working here.
I don't know how I'm going to do that.
I'd be willing to do that for Tom.
Tom said he hopes to be back on Monday.
I don't know exactly what I should do.
I would've advised Tom to do that.
Tom said he hoped to be back on Monday.
I don't know any other way to do that.
I wonder why Tom wants to do that.
Tom said he had a lot of fun in Boston.
I don't know Mr. Jackson's first name.
I wonder why Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he enjoyed last night's party.
I don't have to know why you did that.
I wonder whether Tom will do that.
Tom said he didn't want to get married.
I don't have to go if I don't want to.
I wonder what Tom is trying to do.
Tom said he didn't want to do that now.
I don't have to get up early tomorrow.
I wonder if Tom will be all right.
Tom said he didn't want to do anything.
I don't have to do that, but I should.
I wonder if Tom is doing that now.
Tom said he didn't want that to happen.
I don't have to be at today's meeting.
I wonder if Tom has done that yet.
Tom said he didn't want me to help him.
I don't have the willpower to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom anything.
Tom said he didn't need any more money.
I don't have the experience necessary.
I wasn't the one who poisoned Tom.
Tom said he didn't have anything to do.
I don't have much teaching experience.
Tom said he didn't get paid to do that.
I don't have anything to do with that.
I wasn't able to make Tom do that.
Tom said he couldn't recall doing that.
I don't have any friends to play with.
I wasn't able to help Tom do that.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be enough.
I don't have a place to put my things.
I was surprised that Tom did that.
Tom said doing that would be too risky.
I don't give my children an allowance.
I was in the same hospital as Tom.
Tom said doing that would be dangerous.
I don't get paid very much to do that.
I want to give my old desk to Tom.
Tom said I wasn't permitted to do that.
I don't do that kind of thing anymore.
I told Tom you could speak French.
Tom said I should've gone home earlier.
I do that about three hours every day.
I told Tom to do that immediately.
Tom said I should never have done that.
I didn't wear a tie to work yesterday.
I thought that Tom didn't do that.
Tom said I needed to get more exercise.
I didn't want to get in trouble again.
I thought it was Tom who did that.
Tom said I don't need to do that today.
I didn't want to answer that question.
I thought Tom would be suspicious.
Tom said I don't have to do that today.
I didn't want things to end like this.
I thought Tom would be safe there.
Tom said I didn't sound very surprised.
I didn't understand what was going on.
I thought Tom would be reasonable.
Tom said I didn't sound very confident.
I didn't think that would ever happen.
I thought Tom would be interested.
Tom refuses to admit he made a mistake.
I didn't think I had to do that today.
I thought Tom would be frustrated.
Tom really would've enjoyed this movie.
I didn't tell the police my real name.
I thought Tom should study harder.
Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I didn't tell anyone who I really was.
I thought Tom should study French.
Tom really needs to do that right away.
I didn't swim because it was too cold.
I thought Tom might be interested.
Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't stay in Boston for very long.
I thought Tom knew how to do that.
Tom really does look much better today.
I didn't say anything about the party.
I thought Tom had a chance to win.
Tom really did that exceptionally well.
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.
I thought Tom could pass the test.
Tom realized he didn't have to do that.
I didn't really think I could do that.
I thought I was doing Tom a favor.
Tom put the cans of beans on the shelf.
I didn't really expect this to happen.
I think that Tom wants to do that.
Tom promised to do that, but he didn't.
I didn't really enjoy studying French.
I think Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that today.
I didn't realize my nose was bleeding.
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that again.
I didn't realize I was being followed.
I think Tom would need to do that.
Tom probably won't be doing that today.
I didn't read the newspaper yesterday.
I think Tom would have to do that.
Tom probably should do that right away.
I didn't leave my apartment yesterday.
I think Tom would hate to do that.
Tom probably doesn't understand French.
I didn't know you liked horror movies.
I think Tom would be undependable.
Tom probably doesn't know who did that.
I didn't know you knew how to do that.
I think Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom probably didn't do that by himself.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
I think Tom will be here tomorrow.
Tom probably could've done that better.
I didn't know what to do at that time.
I think Tom really has to do that.
Tom pretended that he had a broken leg.
I didn't know what everyone else knew.
I think Tom really had to do that.
Tom plans to fly to Boston next Monday.
I didn't know that you would be there.
I think Tom isn't going to resign.
Tom picked the knife up off the ground.
I didn't know if I could do it or not.
I think Tom is through doing that.
Tom opened the door and let his dog in.
I didn't know how much money I'd need.
I think Tom is anxious to do that.
Tom only speaks French when he's drunk.
I didn't know how much money I needed.
I think Tom can help us next week.
Tom often did that when he was younger.
I didn't know I was going to be fired.
I teach French to Tom once a week.
Tom never did that when he was younger.
I didn't have time to read the report.
I still haven't apologized to Tom.
Tom needs to figure out how to do that.
I didn't have anything I needed to do.
I should've stayed and helped Tom.
Tom needed to be in Boston last Monday.
I didn't have a chance to do anything.
I should've let Tom do that first.
Tom must've had a good time doing that.
I didn't go to French class yesterday.
I should've called Tom last night.
Tom must've been doing that last night.
I didn't give the police my real name.
I only did that to make Tom happy.
Tom must've been determined to do that.
I didn't feel like playing golf today.
I only did that to make Tom angry.
Tom might get punished if he does that.
I didn't expect you to do that for me.
I never knew that Tom was so rich.
Tom may not be going to Boston with us.
I didn't expect to be able to do that.
I need to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom may keep doing that if he wants to.
I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I need to show Tom how to do that.
Tom managed to do that without my help.
I didn't do everything I needed to do.
I live across the street from Tom.
Tom lost three children in the bombing.
I didn't buy what you asked me to buy.
I learned how to do that from Tom.
Tom likes watching late night TV shows.
I didn't bring my tools with me today.
I know that Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom left his luggage at the front desk.
I did that as soon as school was over.
I know that Tom is very talkative.
Tom knows he's not supposed to do that.
I couldn't do that because I was sick.
I know that Tom is self-conscious.
Tom knows he shouldn't do that anymore.
I couldn't do that because I was busy.
I know that Tom has been arrested.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that.
I could do that if I really wanted to.
I know exactly what Tom has to do.
Tom knows he could've done that better.
I can do that again if you want me to.
I know Tom shouldn't do that here.
Tom knows hardly anything about Boston.
I can come with you if you want me to.
I know Tom probably won't do that.
Tom knew he wasn't supposed to do that.
I can be persuasive when I want to be.
I know Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom kicked the ball with his left foot.
I came to the same conclusion you did.
I know Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't what he was thirty years ago.
I came to Boston to try to find a job.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to do that again.
I buy almost all the food we eat here.
I knew that Tom needed to do that.
Tom isn't the worst player on our team.
I burn both wood and coal in my stove.
I just can't believe Tom did that.
Tom isn't permitted to do that anymore.
I bought a house with a swimming pool.
I hope that what Tom said is true.
Tom isn't likely to promise to do that.
I assume you wouldn't want to do that.
I hope Tom isn't still unemployed.
Tom isn't likely to forget his promise.
I asked who wouldn't do that tomorrow.
I hope Tom isn't still doing that.
Tom isn't likely to be suspicious.
I almost never do that in the evening.
I hope Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be reasonable.
I almost never come to Boston anymore.
I hope Tom is through doing that.
Tom isn't likely to be interested.
How would you like to do that with me?
I hope Tom doesn't try to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be handcuffed.
How often do you eat with your family?
I hope Tom doesn't get frightened.
Tom isn't likely to be frightened.
How much water do you drink every day?
I hope Tom can do that by himself.
Tom isn't likely to be downstairs.
How many years did it take to do that?
I helped Tom out whenever I could.
Tom isn't likely to be biased.
How many weeks did it take to do that?
I helped Tom get back on his feet.
Tom isn't a member of our club anymore.
How many times an hour do you do that?
I helped Tom climb over the fence.
Tom is usually the first one to arrive.
How many times a week do you exercise?
I heard that Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom is the weakest singer in our choir.
How many times a night do you do that?
I heard that Tom wants to do that.
Tom is the owner of a local restaurant.
How many times a month do you eat out?
I heard Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom is the only one who has to do that.
How many times a month do you do that?
I had a feeling Tom would do that.
Tom is the only one who had to do that.
How many times a day does you do that?
I had a feeling Tom might do that.
Tom is the only one here with red hair.
How many pieces does this puzzle have?
I forgot to remind Tom to do that.
Tom is the only one here who has a car.
How many loaves of bread did you bake?
I feel sure that Tom will do that.
Tom is the only one allowed to do that.
How many hours did it take to do that?
I expect Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom is the only keyboard player I know.
How many exams did you have last week?
I expect Tom to be back on Monday.
Tom is the one who should've done that.
How many days will it take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will do that again.
Tom is the one who know how to do that.
How many days does it take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be suspicious.
Tom is the guy who tells us what to do.
How many cookies were in this package?
I doubt if Tom will be interested.
Tom is the best pitcher I've ever seen.
How many class do you have every week?
I doubt if Tom will be frightened.
Tom is the author of over thirty books.
How long have you lived in this house?
I doubt Tom will ever get married.
Tom is supposed to be doing that today.
How long have you been a student here?
I doubt Tom really has to do that.
Tom is still willing to do that for us.
How long are we going to be in Boston?
I don't want to tell Tom anything.
Tom is still facing years in prison.
Have you ever bought a lottery ticket?
I don't want to talk to Tom again.
Tom is still a very good tennis player.
Have you ever been to another country?
I don't want to go to Tom's party.
Tom is sick, so we can't do that today.
Few people do that here in the winter.
I don't want to go there with Tom.
Tom is quite likely not doing that now.
Even though I hate doing that, I will.
I don't want Tom to know I'm rich.
Tom is never as busy as the rest of us.
Don't you want me to buy that for you?
I don't want Tom to do what I did.
Tom is making breakfast in the kitchen.
Don't try to do that without our help.
I don't want Tom to do that alone.
Tom is lucky to still be in Boston now.
Doing that would really make me happy.
I don't want Tom to do that again.
Tom is lucky to have such good friends.
Doing that won't be as easy you think.
I don't think that Tom was hungry.
Tom is likely to be through doing that.
Doing that was easier than I expected.
I don't think that Tom is at home.
Tom is likely to be tempted to do that.
Doing that requires a lot of patience.
I don't think Tom will be worried.
Tom is likely to be anxious to do that.
Doing that isn't good for your health.
I don't think Tom will be nervous.
Tom is leaving for Australia next week.
Doing that is likely to be very tough.
I don't think Tom will be jealous.
Tom is in the kitchen peeling potatoes.
Do your parents permit you to do that?
I don't think Tom will be furious.
Tom is in the kitchen making breakfast.
Do you think you'd be able to do that?
I don't think Tom was intoxicated.
Tom is going to be lonely if you leave.
Do you think it'll be colder tomorrow?
I don't think Tom still does that.
Tom is going swimming tomorrow morning.
Do you think doing that would be safe?
I don't think Tom really did that.
Tom is faced with a difficult decision.
Do you think I really have to do that?
I don't think Tom is disappointed.
Tom is expected to do that later today.
Do you still live at the same address?
I don't think Tom is ambidextrous.
Tom is downstairs doing that right now.
Do you really think I have to do that?
I don't really think Tom did that.
Tom is doing his best to not get angry.
Do you mean you didn't really do that?
I don't really care what Tom does.
Tom is doing his best not to get angry.
Do you know any better way to do that?
I don't really care what Tom buys.
Tom is definitely not going to do that.
Do you have any idea what's happening?
I don't like any of Tom's friends.
Tom is certain to pass the examination.
Do you have any experience doing that?
I don't like Tom's idea very much.
Tom is by far the smartest person here.
Do you always watch TV in the evening?
I don't know why Tom quit his job.
Tom is apparently responsible for that.
Do we have to stay in Boston all week?
I don't know why Tom is in Boston.
Tom is an important person around here.
Didn't you used to be student of mine?
I don't know why Tom got confused.
Tom is an important member of our team.
Didn't you know you shouldn't do that?
I don't know where Tom's house is.
Tom is always worrying about something.
Didn't you know you needed to do that?
I don't know when Tom will arrive.
Tom is also the author of three novels.
Didn't you know each other growing up?
I don't know when Tom got married.
Tom is almost always at home on Monday.
Did you know what was going to happen?
I don't know when Tom can do that.
Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants.
Did you know this was going to happen?
I don't know what's bothering Tom.
Tom is absent because he's sick in bed.
Did you know that was going to happen?
I don't know what Tom's plans are.
Tom is a reporter for a local magazine.
Did that seem like a good idea to you?
I don't know what Tom needs to do.
Tom is a fairly good volleyball player.
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
I don't know how Tom will do that.
Tom injured his left foot when he fell.
Could you please open this can for me?
I don't know exactly where Tom is.
Tom injured his knee when he fell down.
Cookie is a good name for a small dog.
I don't hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom immediately began doing that again.
Can your French teacher speak English?
I don't believe that Tom is happy.
Tom helped an old woman cross the road.
Can you tell me what needs to be done?
I didn't want to leave Tom behind.
Tom held out his hand and I grabbed it.
Can we stay in Boston for a few weeks?
I didn't want to keep Tom waiting.
Tom hasn't told us what he wants to do.
Boston is a really nice place to live.
I didn't want to help Tom do that.
Tom hasn't told us what he needs to do.
Boston is a good place for doing that.
I didn't want to do that with Tom.
Tom hasn't really been helping us much.
As I told you before, I can't do that.
I didn't want to be seen with Tom.
Tom hasn't promised to come here again.
Aren't you the one who should do that?
I didn't want to be on Tom's team.
Tom hasn't ever spoken to me in French.
Aren't you the one who has to do that?
I didn't want Tom to hold my hand.
Tom hasn't dropped out of the race yet.
Are there any koalas in the local zoo?
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston.
Tom hasn't done that since last Monday.
All three of us wanted to leave early.
I didn't want Tom to get a tattoo.
Tom hasn't done that since high school.
Your wife is a better cook than mine.
I didn't want Tom to drive my car.
Tom hasn't done that as much as I have.
Your strategy is a good one, I think.
I didn't think that Tom was tired.
Tom has written music for three movies.
Your name has been added to the list.
I didn't think that Tom was happy.
Tom has won all three events this year.
Your mother is much taller than mine.
I didn't think Tom would get hurt.
Tom has two sisters and three brothers.
Your mother is a lot older than mine.
I didn't think Tom would be tired.
Tom has told me that many times before.
Your girlfriend is younger than mine.
I didn't think Tom would be ready.
Tom has told me not to do that anymore.
Your French has improved quite a lot.
I didn't think Tom would be first.
Tom has told me he'll do that tomorrow.
You've bought a new car, haven't you?
I didn't think Tom would be early.
Tom has told me he won't do that again.
You're the smartest one in our class.
I didn't think Tom would be alone.
Tom has told me he has to go to Boston.
You're the shortest boy in the class.
I didn't think Tom was suspicious.
Tom has to wear glasses when he drives.
You're the shortest boy in our class.
I didn't think Tom was interested.
Tom has to live on three dollars a day.
You're the only one who has to leave.
I didn't think Tom was frightened.
Tom has to go to Australia on business.
You're the only one who has a camera.
I didn't think Tom should do that.
Tom has to do that as soon as possible.
You're the one I want to talk to now.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous.
Tom has to be the first one to do that.
You're the best-looking woman I know.
I didn't think Tom had to do that.
Tom has three previous DUI convictions.
You're the best student in the class.
I didn't tell Tom the whole truth.
Tom has the most to gain by doing that.
You're older than I thought you were.
I didn't tell Tom how old you are.
Tom has started doing that once a week.
You're not the only one who did that.
I didn't tell Tom anything at all.
Tom has spent a lot of time doing that.
You're lucky you didn't get arrested.
I didn't tell Tom all the details.
Tom has played in that band since 2013.
You're hoping to do that, aren't you?
I didn't talk to Tom at the party.
Tom has never been on time in his life.
You're a science teacher, aren't you?
I didn't recognize Tom right away.
Tom has never been interested in music.
You're a cancer survivor, aren't you?
I didn't really give Tom a chance.
Tom has never actually lived in Boston.
You're a bit of a coward, aren't you?
I didn't realize Tom was so tired.
Tom has just had an extraordinary year.
You'll never do that again, will you?
I didn't notice that Tom had left.
Tom has given several concerts in here.
You'll have to find a way to do that.
I didn't know you were dating Tom.
Tom has found himself a new girlfriend.
You'll get in trouble if you do that.
I didn't know why Tom was so busy.
Tom has finished doing that, hasn't he?
You'll get an opportunity to do that.
I didn't know where Tom was going.
Tom has finally learned how to do that.
You'll eventually do that, won't you?
I didn't know what Tom would like.
Tom has finally decided to get married.
You'll do that right away, won't you?
I didn't know that Tom was hungry.
Tom has finally decided not to do that.
You'll be fired if you do that again.
I didn't know that Tom was asleep.
Tom has decided to return to Australia.
You'll be fined if you do that again.
I didn't know how unhappy Tom was.
Tom has decided to resign from his job.
You'd get in trouble if you did that.
I didn't know Tom was your father.
Tom has decided to move back to Boston.
You'd be crazy if you didn't do that.
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.
Tom has decided to continue doing that.
You won't permitted to do that again.
I didn't invite Tom to my wedding.
Tom has come up with another good idea.
I didn't intend to argue with Tom.
Tom has been very busy writing stories.
You won't do that tomorrow, will you?
I didn't help Tom paint the fence.
Tom has been trying to do that all day.
You won't be the last one to do that.
I didn't go and Tom didn't either.
Tom has been told not to do that again.
You won't be allowed to do that here.
I didn't give Tom anything to eat.
Tom has been threatened more than once.
You weren't here yesterday, were you?
I didn't force Tom to do anything.
Tom has been suspended for three weeks.
You were a draft dodger, weren't you?
I didn't follow Tom into the cave.
Tom has been staying at a nearby hotel.
You usually do that in the afternoon.
I didn't feel like talking to Tom.
Tom has been out of work since October.
You think I could do that, don't you?
I didn't expect anything from Tom.
Tom has been living in Boston too long.
You think I can't do that, don't you?
I didn't expect any help from Tom.
Tom has been in prison for a long time.
You swore you wouldn't do that again.
I didn't expect Tom to be so busy.
Tom has been in a coma for thirty days.
You still want to do that, don't you?
I didn't even want to talk to Tom.
Tom has been in Boston a few years now.
You still plan to do that, don't you?
I did that while Tom was sleeping.
Tom has been here at least three times.
You still need to do that, don't you?
I did that the way Tom told me to.
Tom has been having trouble doing that.
You still have to do that, don't you?
I couldn't do that, but Tom could.
Tom has been having a really hard time.
You shouldn't have needed to do that.
I borrowed this umbrella from Tom.
Tom has been having a really good year.
You should be done doing that by now.
I believe it was Tom who did that.
Tom has been getting better and better.
You seemed surprised when I did that.
I believe Tom did the right thing.
Tom has been getting all the attention.
You seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I asked Tom to do that right away.
Tom has been doing that his whole life.
You seem to be determined to do that.
How often do you do that with Tom?
Tom has been doing that for many years.
You never actually did that, did you?
How many marshmallows did Tom eat?
Tom has been diagnosed with chickenpox.
You need to try walking more quietly.
How long has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has become very good at doing that.
You need to stay and help me do that.
How long has Tom been in the cave?
Tom has an umbrella just like that one.
You need to find some way to do that.
Don't you think Tom eats too much?
Tom has also recorded as a solo artist.
You need to be in Boston next Monday.
Doing that with Tom should be fun.
Tom has already given me what I wanted.
You need to be a little more patient.
Doing that doesn't make Tom happy.
Tom has advised me to start doing that.
You may do that again if you want to.
Do you think that Tom can do that?
Tom has a new job and a new girlfriend.
You look thinner than you did before.
Do you think Tom might be correct?
Tom has a lot of clothes in his closet.
You look funny wearing those glasses.
Do you think Tom might be annoyed?
Tom has a large farm not far from here.
You look a lot like your grandfather.
Do you still see Tom every Monday?
Tom has a good chance of being elected.
You have to stay and help me do that.
Do you plan to permit Tom to do that?
Tom hardly ever goes to Boston anymore.
You have to find some way to do that.
Do you know where Tom wants to go?
Tom grabbed a hose and then called 911.
You had all day to finish doing that.
Do you know where Tom needs to go?
Tom got on his motorcycle and rode off.
You don't want us to do that, do you?
Do you know how Tom broke his leg?
Tom got married and had three children.
You don't think I'll do that, do you?
Do you intend to do that with Tom?
Tom got in his car and closed the door.
You don't need to be here until 2:30.
Didn't you know that Tom did that?
Tom got hit pretty hard in the stomach.
You don't look like you're impressed.
Didn't you know Tom would do that?
Tom got exactly what he said he wanted.
You don't look like you're exhausted.
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston?
Tom got almost everything he asked for.
You don't have to work today, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was depressed?
Tom got a part-time job as a bartender.
You don't have to do that right away.
Didn't you know Tom needed a visa?
Tom got a flat tire on his way to work.
You don't have to be tall to do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived with us?
Tom goes downtown at least once a week.
You don't have to be rich to do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked fishing?
Tom gets up the earliest in his family.
You don't have to be here until 2:30.
Didn't you know Tom could do that?
Tom generally does that in the morning.
You don't believe I did that, do you?
Did you know that Tom was unhappy?
Tom generally does that in the evening.
You didn't look like you were sleepy.
Did you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom gave me no reason for his decision.
You didn't look like you were scared.
Did you know Tom was unhappy here?
Tom gave me advice on which car to buy.
You didn't look like you were lonely.
Did you know Tom was still single?
Tom frequently forgets to pay his rent.
You didn't look like you were asleep.
Did you know Tom liked to do that?
Tom freaked out when he heard the news.
You didn't agree to do that, did you?
Did you know Tom liked doing that?
Tom forgave me for breaking my promise.
You didn't actually do that, did you?
Could you please buy that for Tom?
Tom finished doing that in three hours.
You did that by yourself, didn't you?
Can't you come to Boston with Tom?
Tom faces three to six months of rehab.
You did that better than we expected.
Both Tom and his son were injured.
Tom expects to do that again on Monday.
You definitely don't need to do that.
Ask Tom if he can help us do that.
Tom expects all three of us to do that.
You definitely don't have to do that.
As far as I know, Tom can do that.
Tom expected the job to be challenging.
You can't hear me very well, can you?
Aren't you glad that Tom did that?
Tom drank about twice as much as I did.
You can do that again if you want to.
Tom doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
You aren't permitted to do that here.
Are you sure Tom needs to do that?
Tom doesn't want us to do that anymore.
You apparently don't need to do that.
Are we supposed to meet Tom today?
Tom doesn't want to do that on his own.
You apparently don't have to do that.
"Who's that person?" "That's Tom."
Tom doesn't want to do that by himself.
Wouldn't it be better to do that now?
"Who hit the home run?" "Tom did."
Tom doesn't want to be like his father.
Would you rather drink tea or coffee?
You're the one Tom wants to meet.
Tom doesn't think he'd want to do that.
Would you like to be a fashion model?
You're a lot younger than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to do that.
Would you all please help me do this?
You're a lot smarter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
Would you mind if I didn't do that today?
You're a lot shorter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I could ever do that.
Will you please open the door for me?
You're a little younger than Tom.
Tom doesn't smoke and has never smoked.
Will you be in Boston next week, too?
You're a bit younger than Tom is.
Tom doesn't seem to be very happy here.
Why don't you to do that by yourself?
You're a bit shorter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy today.
Why don't you and I do that tomorrow?
You still don't like Tom, do you?
Tom doesn't seem to be having much fun.
Why do you need to stay after school?
You shouldn't ask Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't seem any busier than usual.
Why do you always speak French to me?
You should've done that with Tom.
Tom doesn't remember how much he drank.
Why did you recommend not doing that?
You promised to help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't really want to do that now.
Why did you need to be there by 2:30?
You did that for Tom, didn't you?
Tom doesn't really have to do that now.
Who's going to be sitting next to me?
Will Tom be permitted to do that?
Tom doesn't permit his kids to do that.
Who would be crazy enough to do that?
Why would Tom speak French to me?
Tom doesn't need to do that by himself.
Who told you that you had to do that?
Why don't you get Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't need me to do that anymore.
Who told you I'd knew how to do that?
Why do you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't like being told to do that.
Who do you plan to go to Boston with?
Why did Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know who did that, does he?
Where can I buy a pair of sunglasses?
Why did Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
When do you plan to return to Boston?
Why did Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know that I'm not Canadian.
Whatever you do, don't lose this key.
Who else went to Boston with Tom?
Tom doesn't know that I don't like him.
What's the best way to get to Boston?
Which one of those cars is Tom's?
Tom doesn't know how he should do that.
What difference would that have made?
Where do you suppose Tom will go?
Tom doesn't know a lot about Australia.
What color shoes do you usually wear?
We're fortunate to have Tom here.
Tom doesn't have to do that by himself.
What are you going to do this summer?
We need to contact Tom's parents.
Tom doesn't have experience doing that.
We've decided not to do that anymore.
We can't count on Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have as much money as I do.
We've been told not to do that again.
We all encouraged Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that today.
We've been given several tasks to do.
They say that Tom didn't do that.
Tom doesn't expect to get here on time.
We'll probably be in Boston all week.
There's no way Tom would do that.
Tom doesn't ever want to do that again.
We won't be able to defend ourselves.
The dogs started growling at Tom.
Tom doesn't do that very often anymore.
We were able to do that successfully.
Tell me about Tom and his family.
Tom doesn't do that the way he used to.
We should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tell Tom he has to do that today.
Tom doesn't care that his car is dirty.
We should've expected that to happen.
Shouldn't Tom be at school today?
Tom doesn't care if you do that or not.
We should speak French to each other.
Please tell Tom to lock the door.
Tom does that at 2:almost every day.
We should get out of here right away.
Please tell Tom to do that later.
Tom does that almost every day at 2:30.
We need to hire a couple of janitors.
Please tell Tom to buy some eggs.
Tom does a lot of the household chores.
We need to finish doing this by 2:30.
Please tell Tom to bring a salad.
Tom died three hours after he was born.
We need to figure out how to do that.
Perhaps Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom died three days after the accident.
We don't often see ducks around here.
Not all of Tom's jokes are funny.
Tom died in a traffic accident in 2013.
We don't have you to do that anymore.
My dogs killed one of Tom's cats.
Tom died in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Very few people can actually do that.
My birthday is the same as Tom's.
Tom died before his third son was born.
This seems to be a pretty nice place.
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away.
This project is almost 100% complete.
It's doubtful if Tom can do that.
Tom didn't want to stay inside all day.
This kind of heat isn't that unusual.
It was probably Tom who did that.
Tom didn't want to get his clothes wet.
This kind of cold isn't that unusual.
It looks as if Tom is doing that.
Tom didn't want me to help him do that.
These shoes aren't big enough for me.
Is it true that Tom will do that?
Tom didn't think that we could do that.
There's something I want to give you.
If Tom wants to do that, let him.
Tom didn't tell you to do that, did he?
There's something I need to give you.
I've decided to help Tom do that.
Tom didn't seem to know how to do that.
There's something I have to show you.
I'm sure Tom won't pass the exam.
Tom didn't seem to be enjoying himself.
There's something I have to give you.
I'm sure Tom won't do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be eager to do that.
There's something I don't understand.
I'm sure Tom won't be suspicious.
Tom didn't seem to appreciate our gift.
There's one more thing we need to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be interested.
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry.
There's one more thing we have to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be handcuffed.
Tom didn't look like he was having fun.
There's no easy way out of this mess.
I'm sure Tom won't be frightened.
Tom didn't know where his friends were.
There were thousands of people there.
I'm sure Tom will be unimpressed.
Tom didn't know that he had to do that.
There was a lot of food on the table.
I'm sure Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom didn't know that I was from Boston.
The teacher asked us a few questions.
I'm sure Tom will be embarrassed.
Tom didn't know how to open the drawer.
The movie was better than I expected.
I'm sure Tom will be cooperative.
Tom didn't have the courage to do that.
The last few days have been very hot.
I'm sure Tom intended to do that.
Tom didn't have a good time doing that.
That store sells all kinds of things.
I'm supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom didn't go there, and neither did I.
That probably won't happen next week.
I'm reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't give me a chance to do that.
I'm glad that Tom didn't do that.
Tom didn't even have time to eat lunch.
Someone forced you to do that, right?
I'm glad Tom was able to do that.
Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
Some businesses start out as hobbies.
I'm about the same weight as Tom.
Tom didn't do that and I didn't either.
Please tell me when I should do that.
I'm about the same height as Tom.
Tom didn't do everything he say he did.
Please remind me to do that tomorrow.
I'll never go to Boston with Tom.
Tom didn't come to Boston last weekend.
Please put these flowers in the vase.
I'll ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom didn't actually do that by himself.
Please give me this one and this one.
I'd be surprised if Tom did that.
Tom did the same thing three years ago.
Please give me this one and that one.
I wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom did that because he was ordered to.
Please don't go to Boston without me.
I wonder why Tom never does that.
Tom did more than what we asked him to.
Please don't be late for the meeting.
I wonder whether Tom can do that.
Tom did everything we wanted him to do.
Perhaps you could borrow an umbrella.
I wonder what Tom is reading now.
Tom denies that he did that on purpose.
Only teenagers are permitted do that.
I wonder if Tom will be punctual.
Tom demonstrated how the device worked.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with me.
I wonder if Tom wants to do that.
Tom definitely wouldn't have done that.
My shift will be over in three hours.
I wonder if Tom needs to do that.
Tom definitely won't forget to do that.
My parents weren't home last weekend.
I wonder if Tom is a picky eater.
Tom definitely won't do that this week.
My parents wanted me to study French.
I won't ask Tom to do that again.
Tom definitely had a chance to do that.
My parents are very worried about me.
I wish Tom could've come with me.
Tom definitely doesn't want to do that.
My old car got thirty miles a gallon.
I wasn't sure what Tom had to do.
Tom definitely doesn't need to do that.
My guitar is a lot better than yours.
I was surprised when Tom told me.
Tom definitely doesn't have to do that.
My father won't permit me to do that.
I was on the same bus as Tom was.
Tom cut down the tree with a chain saw.
My father made me sell my motorcycle.
I wanted to go swimming with Tom.
Tom couldn't talk me out of doing that.
My doctor advised me to stop smoking.
I want to see Tom try to do that.
Tom couldn't go to Boston last weekend.
My computer is much newer than yours.
I want to know who Tom's wife is.
Tom could've simply refused to do that.
Monday will likely be a very hot day.
I want to go to the zoo with Tom.
Tom could've done that without my help.
Mary says she'll wear the blue dress.
I want to give my old car to Tom.
Tom could've complained, but he didn't.
Mary is the mother of three children.
I want to get to know Tom better.
Tom could get arrested if he does that.
Let's go out to get something to eat.
I told Tom I'd do that on Monday.
Tom continues to deny that he did that.
Just taste it and see if you like it.
I thought Tom would be exhausted.
Tom continued to do that until he died.
Just make sure you get there on time.
I thought Tom would be desperate.
Tom continued doing that until he died.
It's very crowded here in the summer.
I thought Tom would be depressed.
Tom continued doing that for some time.
It's raining too hard to do that now.
I thought Tom would be back soon.
Tom comes to Boston every other Monday.
It's hard to see the stage from here.
I thought Tom was in big trouble.
Tom claimed his wallet had been stolen.
It's OK if I don't do that, isn't it?
I thought Tom was doing that now.
Tom changed his schedule to match mine.
It'll take us a long time to do that.
I thought Tom was being stubborn.
Tom caught his son smoking a cigarette.
It would've been romantic to do that.
I thought Tom seemed unconcerned.
Tom can't do that right now. He's busy.
It would've been possible to do that.
I thought Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom can keep doing that if he wants to.
It would be very sensible to do that.
I thought Tom did that yesterday.
Tom can do that even better than I can.
It would be very romantic to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be truthful.
Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
It would be very reckless to do that.
I think Tom would try to do that.
Tom can afford to buy any car he wants.
It would be unethical not to do that.
I think Tom would like to retire.
Tom became an orphan when he was three.
It would be prudent to do that today.
I think Tom would be unimpressed.
Tom apparently doesn't want to do that.
It would be irresponsible to do that.
I think Tom would be sympathetic.
Tom apparently doesn't need to do that.
It would be inconsiderate to do that.
I think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom apparently doesn't have to do that.
It would be foolish to do that again.
I think Tom would be cooperative.
Tom and I've been married thirty years.
It would be disrespectful to do that.
I think Tom won't be cooperative.
Tom and I'll probably do that together.
It would be dangerous to do that now.
I think Tom will help me do that.
Tom and I worked very closely together.
It would be a mistake to do that now.
I think Tom will be here by 2:30.
Tom and I work at the same supermarket.
It would be a big mistake to do that.
I think Tom will be coming later.
Tom and I weren't married at that time.
It would be a bad mistake to do that.
I think Tom knows how to do that.
Tom and I were married for three years.
It takes a lot of courage to do that.
I think Tom did that pretty well.
Tom and I were able to help each other.
It should be safe for you to do that.
I think Tom ate my piece of cake.
Tom and I went to see a movie together.
It should be easy for you to do that.
I shouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom and I watched the sunrise together.
It should be a lot of fun to do that.
I should've told Tom to be quiet.
Tom and I want to know what's going on.
It seems like a good idea to do that.
I should've asked Tom to do that.
Tom and I very often do the same thing.
It probably won't be safe to do that.
I should tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I used to go swimming together.
It probably won't be easy to do that.
I should tell Tom how to do that.
Tom and I used to go shopping together.
It must be boring for you to do that.
I should show Tom how to do that.
Tom and I used to be business partners.
It infuriates me when people do that.
I should help Tom more than I do.
Tom and I started talking at same time.
It doesn't look like you're prepared.
I should help Tom clean his room.
Tom and I spend a lot of time together.
It didn't look like you were shocked.
I should have Tom do that for me.
Tom and I posed for a picture together.
It didn't look like you were annoyed.
I remember asking Tom to do that.
Tom and I often wear matching T-shirts.
It could take a few hours to do that.
I persuaded Tom to do that again.
Tom and I live next door to each other.
Isn't there any other way to do that?
I ordered the same thing Tom did.
Tom and I hugged and kissed each other.
Isn't there an easier way to do that?
I know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom and I have very different opinions.
Isn't there a cheaper way to do that?
I know why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom and I have three teenage daughters.
Is it OK if I don't do that tomorrow?
I know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom and I have recently become friends.
Is gold more expensive than platinum?
I know what Tom's car looks like.
Tom and I had a cup of coffee together.
If you're sick, don't come to school.
I know what I need to say to Tom.
Tom and I got married three months ago.
If you do that, it'll cause problems.
I know what I have to say to Tom.
Tom and I go to school on the same bus.
I've stayed in Boston for three days.
I know that you're afraid of Tom.
Tom and I enjoy playing music together.
I've only been to Boston three times.
I know that Tom wants to do that.
Tom and I each ate a couple of bananas.
I've never been to a Thai restaurant.
I know that Tom needs to do that.
Tom and I don't see each other anymore.
I've eaten at this restaurant before.
I know that Tom is uncomfortable.
Tom and I don't really know each other.
I've been trying to do that all week.
I know that Tom is overconfident.
Tom and I don't live in Boston anymore.
I've been in Boston for three months.
I know that Tom is irresponsible.
Tom and I didn't dance with each other.
I've been fooled three times already.
I know that Tom is irreplaceable.
Tom and I dated for a couple of months.
I've been cleaning the house all day.
I know that Tom is inconsiderate.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what to do.
I'm thinking that maybe I'll do that.
I know that Tom is afraid of you.
Tom and I both don't understand French.
I'm thinking about taking a vacation.
I know that Tom has been injured.
Tom and I aren't married to each other.
I'm the only person that can do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like you.
Tom and I aren't going to wait for you.
I'm sure that won't happen next week.
I know better than to lie to Tom.
Tom and I are trying to sell our house.
I'm still willing to do that for you.
I know Tom would hate to do that.
Tom and I are too young to get married.
I'm sorry you didn't enjoy the party.
I know Tom won't help me do that.
Tom and I are in the same French class.
I'm not the worst player on our team.
I know Tom will probably do that.
Tom and I are here to help you do that.
I'm not planning to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will be here tomorrow.
Tom and I are getting married tomorrow.
I'm not permitted to do that anymore.
I know Tom didn't do that for me.
Tom always does that when he's nervous.
I'm not likely to be able to do that.
I know I can't change Tom's mind.
Tom almost never gets what he asks for.
I'm not in the mood to do that today.
I know I can always count on Tom.
Tom almost didn't have time to do that.
I'm looking forward to my retirement.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom admitted he didn't want to do that.
I'm looking forward to being retired.
I knew that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom's three sons still live in Boston.
I'm glad that that's going to happen.
I knew Tom might want to do that.
Tom's thirtieth birthday is coming up.
I'll try to get to Boston next month.
I knew Tom might need to do that.
Tom's school has about 3,students.
I'll stay in Boston as long as I can.
I knew Tom might have to do that.
Tom's parents live in the Boston area.
I'll probably teach French next year.
I hope Tom's speech isn't boring.
Tom's next court date is October 20th.
I'll probably study French next year.
I hope Tom won't want to do that.
Tom's name has been added to the list.
I'll do that in the very near future.
I hope Tom won't need to do that.
Tom's lawyer filed the suit on Monday.
I'd like to go to the beach with you.
I hope Tom won't have to do that.
Tom's last party was three months ago.
I'd like three boxes of strawberries.
I hope Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom's last fight was three months ago.
I'd like an omelet, juice and coffee.
I hope Tom never does that again.
Tom's interest in drawing began early.
I'd be glad to go to Boston with you.
I hope Tom isn't still in Boston.
Tom's house was bombed during the war.
I wrote a couple of songs last night.
I hope Tom is willing to do that.
Tom's house is just around the corner.
I wonder why I don't need to do that.
I wonder if doing that would be safe.
I hid from Tom behind the garage.
Tom's death has been ruled a homicide.
I won't do that unless you ask me to.
I helped Tom to put on his shoes.
Tom's boss is a very attractive woman.
I won't be in Boston for much longer.
I helped Tom move some furniture.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he talked to.
I won't be back for a couple of days.
I helped Tom get out of the pool.
Tom wouldn't ever consider doing that.
I won't be allowed to do that either.
I helped Tom climb over the wall.
Tom wouldn't do that even if he could.
I won't be able to do that by myself.
I helped Tom carry his suitcases.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I wish I'd been invited to the party.
I heard that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom would've shown you how to do that.
I wish I knew more than one language.
I heard that Tom died doing that.
Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do that.
I have a feeling Tom can do that.
Tom would probably be able to do that.
I wish I could stay in Boston longer.
I had no idea Tom was doing that.
Tom would never permit you to do that.
I went surfing every day last summer.
I guess Tom will have to do that.
Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I wasn't the one who yelled for help.
I expect Tom to do that tomorrow.
Tom would do that if he had more time.
I wasn't the one who opened the door.
I doubted that Tom would do that.
Tom would be exhausted if he did that.
I wasn't the one who locked the door.
I doubt if Tom will be suspended.
Tom won't tell you, but he'll tell me.
I wasn't good at French at that time.
I doubt if Tom will be surprised.
Tom won't teach French here next year.
I wasn't given the chance to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be skeptical.
Tom won't permit you to do that again.
I wasn't as busy as I thought I'd be.
I doubt if Tom will be objective.
Tom won't likely try to do that again.
I was worried about the test results.
I doubt if Tom will be irritated.
Tom won't likely get bored doing that.
I was too young to vote at that time.
I doubt if Tom will be impressed.
Tom won't likely feel like doing that.
I was forced to sign that confession.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate.
Tom won't likely be home this evening.
I was aware that I was being watched.
I doubt if Tom will be depressed.
Tom won't likely be back anytime soon.
I doubt if Tom will be back soon.
Tom won't be interested in doing that.
I want to visit Boston in the spring.
I doubt if Tom has done that yet.
Tom won't be able to do that tomorrow.
I want to learn how to play the harp.
I don't want to leave Tom behind.
Tom will return on the twentieth, too.
I want to know who you're married to.
I don't want to be on Tom's team.
Tom will probably have fun doing that.
I want to know who you did that with.
I don't want Tom to hold my hand.
Tom will probably go to Boston by car.
I want to know where you hid the key.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston.
Tom will probably do that next Monday.
I want to know what you'd like to do.
I don't want Tom to get a tattoo.
Tom will probably do that again today.
I want to know how I can lose weight.
I don't want Tom to drive my car.
Tom will likely want to do that again.
I want to know how I can gain weight.
I don't think that Tom will come.
Tom will likely be tempted to do that.
I want to go to the concert with you.
I don't think that Tom is hungry.
Tom will leave for Australia tomorrow.
I want to go home earlier than usual.
I don't think it was Tom's fault.
Tom will learn how to do that in time.
I want to feed the birds in the park.
I don't think Tom will be scared.
Tom will go swimming tomorrow morning.
I want to buy a house on Park Street.
I don't think Tom will be lonely.
Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I want to borrow some money from you.
I don't think Tom will be afraid.
Tom will be starved when he gets home.
I want to become an ambulance driver.
I don't think Tom will be absent.
Tom will be in his office all morning.
I want to be the next one to do that.
I don't think Tom is trustworthy.
Tom will be here for three more years.
I want to be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom is sympathetic.
Tom will be going to camp this summer.
I want to be excused from doing that.
I don't think Tom is still alive.
Tom wasn't prepared for what happened.
I want to be a banker when I grow up.
I don't think Tom is retired yet.
Tom wasn't afraid to go into the cave.
I usually get up early every morning.
I don't think Tom is intoxicated.
Tom was very the first one to do that.
I took a walk on the beach by myself.
I don't think Tom is heartbroken.
Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I thought you were supposed to brave.
I don't think Tom is embarrassed.
Tom was the one who helped me do that.
I thought you said I have to do that.
I don't think Tom is discouraged.
Tom was the first person who did that.
I thought I'd forgotten to do that.
I don't think Tom has to do that.
Tom was the chairman of the committee.
I thought I'd be in Boston on Monday.
I don't think Tom had to do that.
Tom was the best student in our class.
I think you should refuse to do that.
I don't think Tom ever does that.
Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I think you should accept that offer.
I don't think I should trust Tom.
Tom was kind enough to do that for me.
I think we could do that if we tried.
I don't need to help Tom anymore.
Tom was here the day before yesterday.
I think this is some kind of mistake.
I don't need to apologize to Tom.
Tom was gone by the time we got there.
I think it's too late to do that now.
I don't like pizza, but Tom does.
Tom was being treated at the hospital.
I think it'll be possible to do that.
I don't know why Tom isn't happy.
Tom was being held in the county jail.
I think it might be risky to do that.
I don't know why Tom is so upset.
Tom was asleep by the time I got home.
I think doing that won't be much fun.
I don't know why Tom is so tired.
Tom was afraid to even try to do that.
I think I'm not permitted to do that.
I don't know why Tom got nervous.
Tom was actually the one who did that.
I think I'd like to do that tomorrow.
I don't know why Tom got annoyed.
Tom wants to be in Boston next Monday.
I think I still have time to do that.
I don't know where Tom has to go.
Tom wanted to show you how to do that.
I still haven't been able to do that.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that.
I still have a thousand things to do.
I don't know what Tom is reading.
Tom usually stays as home on weekends.
I shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I don't know what Tom is cooking.
Tom turns the heat off during the day.
I shouldn't have done that by myself.
I don't know very much about Tom.
Tom tried doing that, but he couldn't.
I should've sent a letter of apology.
I don't know how much Tom weighs.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that again.
I should've gone to Boston last week.
I don't know how Tom got injured.
Tom told us he didn't want to do that.
I should've eaten more for breakfast.
I don't have to help Tom anymore.
Tom told me that he grew up in Boston.
I should've done that three days ago.
I don't have to apologize to Tom.
Tom told me it would be OK to do that.
I should've done that somewhere else.
I don't even talk to Tom anymore.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that again.
I should've done that someplace else.
I don't care what happens to Tom.
Tom told me he had trouble doing that.
I should've been ready, but I wasn't.
I don't allow Tom to go out much.
Tom told himself that he should leave.
I should try to do that, shouldn't I?
I don't agree with what Tom said.
Tom thought he didn't need to do that.
I should have someone do that for me.
I didn't work as hard as Tom did.
Tom thought he didn't have to do that.
I should do that as soon as possible.
I didn't want to sit next to Tom.
Tom thought he could do that tomorrow.
I should be the first one to do that.
I didn't want to do that for Tom.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at guitar.
I should be out of the hospital soon.
I didn't think that Tom was cute.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at French.
I said that I didn't want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom was busy.
Tom thinks he doesn't need to do that.
I promised you I'd do that, didn't I?
I didn't think Tom would kiss me.
Tom thinks he doesn't have to do that.
I probably could've done that better.
I didn't think Tom would hurt me.
Tom tends to drink too much a parties.
I pretended I didn't know what to do.
I didn't think Tom would be late.
Tom talked with his friends yesterday.
I now know why I should've done that.
I didn't think Tom would be last.
Tom suggested we do that by ourselves.
I never said I wanted to go with you.
I didn't think Tom would be here.
Tom suggested that we do that quickly.
I might not stay in Boston very long.
I didn't think Tom was surprised.
Tom stirred the paint before using it.
I might be able to do that next time.
I didn't think Tom was in Boston.
Tom still won't discuss what happened.
I may stay in Boston for another day.
I didn't think Tom was impressed.
Tom still technically owns this place.
I may have to do that again tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom could do that.
Tom still owns a house on Park Street.
I learned how to do that last summer.
I didn't tell Tom where you were.
Tom still isn't very good at swimming.
I know you came to Boston in October.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd been.
Tom still hasn't bought what he needs.
I know why you don't want to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what was wrong.
Tom still hasn't been able to do that.
I know there's still work to be done.
I didn't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom still does that from time to time.
I know that you're afraid to do that.
I didn't stay with Tom in Boston.
Tom stayed longer than he should have.
I know a lot about mountain climbing.
I didn't recognize Tom's parents.
Tom stayed in Boston over the weekend.
I know I'm supposed to do that today.
I didn't realize Tom was unhappy.
Tom stayed in Boston for a short time.
I know I shouldn't do that by myself.
I didn't realize Tom was so rich.
Tom started working here as an intern.
I know I should've done this earlier.
I didn't realize Tom was serious.
Tom started working here as a janitor.
I knew doing that would be a mistake.
I didn't like what Tom was doing.
Tom started doing that a few days ago.
I knew I might be allowed to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was so sad.
Tom spoke for less than three minutes.
I hope you get the chance to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was absent.
Tom spent most of last year in Boston.
I hope you don't get hurt doing that.
I didn't know where Tom had gone.
Tom spent his teenage years in Boston.
I hope we can do that sometime today.
I didn't know where Tom had been.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books.
I hope that it doesn't snow tomorrow.
I didn't know what Tom was doing.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games.
I hope I don't need to do that today.
I didn't know what Tom had to do.
Tom spends a lot of time at the beach.
I hope I don't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom was upset.
Tom sounded like he had a sore throat.
I hope I don't flunk tomorrow's test.
I didn't know that Tom was there.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bicycle.
I hope I don't die in a car accident.
I didn't know that Tom was lying.
Tom sometimes does that when he's sad.
I gained a lot of weight last summer.
I didn't know that Tom does that.
Tom smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
I fell asleep while I was doing that.
I didn't know Tom would be there.
Tom smiled and said he was doing fine.
I feel responsible for what happened.
I didn't know Tom was your uncle.
Tom showed me various ways to do that.
I expect you to do the same thing I did.
I didn't know Tom was a Canadian.
Tom showed me several ways to do that.
I enjoy listening to classical music.
I didn't know Tom had to do that.
Tom shouldn't be too hard to convince.
I doubt if it would be OK to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't do that.
Tom shouldn't be permitted to do that.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't hear Tom enter the room.
Tom should've stayed in Boston longer.
I don't want to try to do that again.
I didn't give Tom what he wanted.
Tom should've refused to go to Boston.
I don't want to try doing that again.
I didn't give Tom what he needed.
Tom should've gotten some prison time.
I don't want to study French anymore.
I didn't expect Tom to be so fat.
Tom should've gone to Boston by plane.
I don't want to live in an apartment.
I didn't do anything to help Tom.
Tom should've been willing to do that.
I don't want to go swimming with you.
I didn't ask Tom where he'd gone.
Tom should've been tempted to do that.
I don't want to go drinking with you.
I didn't ask Tom for his opinion.
Tom should've been fired last October.
I don't want to get in trouble again.
I didn't accept Tom's invitation.
Tom should probably not do that today.
I don't want anything to do with you.
I can't stop Tom from doing that.
Tom should have a good time in Boston.
I don't think you're being realistic.
I can do that without Tom's help.
Tom should go home and think about it.
I don't think you'd enjoy doing that.
I bet Tom could help you do that.
Tom should be the next one to do that.
I don't think that's such a big deal.
I asked Tom why I should do that.
Tom should be the last one to do that.
I don't think that actually happened.
I asked Tom why I had to do that.
Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think that I need to do that.
I always stay with Tom in Boston.
Tom should be ready for the challenge.
I don't think doing that would be OK.
I already know what Tom is doing.
Tom should be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think doing that is much fun.
I already know what Tom has done.
Tom should be excused from doing that.
I don't think I'm likely to be fired.
I already know that Tom did that.
Tom should be done doing that by 2:30.
I don't think I'd be able to do that.
How often is Tom late for school?
Tom should be allowed to keep his job.
I don't think I can buy that for you.
How often does Tom go to parties?
Tom should be able to do that for you.
I don't remember agreeing to do that.
How often does Tom get a haircut?
Tom should be able to do that as well.
I don't really need to do that today.
How many times has Tom done that?
Tom sent those emails three hours ago.
I don't really have to do that today.
How many sandwiches did Tom make?
Tom seems to know what he needs to do.
I don't really enjoy studying French.
How long was Tom in the hospital?
Tom seems to be in a hurry to do that.
I don't often stay out late at night.
How long has Tom been doing that?
Tom seems to be doing a very nice job.
I don't often read non-fiction books.
How long did you leave Tom alone?
Tom seems to be determined to do that.
I don't often eat lunch with my wife.
From what I heard, Tom does that.
Tom seems like he's a lot happier now.
I don't need to worry about anything.
Everyone listened to Tom's story.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to do that.
I don't need to wear glasses anymore.
Even Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom seemed to be doing that very well.
I don't need to know all the details.
Doing that didn't make Tom happy.
Tom seemed to be an easy-going person.
I don't need to go to school anymore.
Do you think Tom will be excited?
Tom seemed really laid back and happy.
I don't need to do that anytime soon.
Do you think Tom might be hungry?
Tom seemed aware of what was going on.
I don't live with my parents anymore.
Do you think Tom might be asleep?
Tom says there's nowhere else to turn.
I don't like to study in the morning.
Do you think Tom might be afraid?
Tom says the smell doesn't bother him.
I don't like to be out late at night.
Didn't you know Tom was sleeping?
Tom says the noise doesn't bother him.
I don't know why I shouldn't do that.
Didn't Tom tell you he'd do that?
Tom says that we should do that today.
I don't know why I needed to do that.
Did you know Tom is good at golf?
Tom says that he's good at doing that.
I don't know who I can trust anymore.
Ask Tom if he can play the piano.
Tom says no children were in the park.
I don't know whether it's new or not.
Aren't you mad that Tom did that?
Tom says it was the right thing to do.
I don't know whether I can go or not.
Are you going to let Tom do that?
Tom says he's good at speaking French.
I don't know where I should put this.
You're a lot taller than Tom is.
Tom says he's done that several times.
I don't know much about my neighbors.
You're a little taller than Tom.
Tom says he's been mugged three times.
I don't know much about horse racing.
You're a bit taller than Tom is.
Tom says he'll need to think about it.
I don't know how much time I'll need.
You're a better driver than Tom.
Tom says he'll do that this afternoon.
I don't know a thing about gardening.
You'd better write Tom a letter.
Tom says he'd rather do that tomorrow.
I don't have to worry about anything.
You stole Tom's car, didn't you?
Tom says he was just following orders.
I don't have to wear glasses anymore.
You saw Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom says he wants more time than that.
I don't have to know all the details.
You said you'd help Tom do that.
Tom says he needs more time than that.
I don't have to go to school anymore.
You promised to do that for Tom.
Tom says he just wants to stay in bed.
I don't have to do that anytime soon.
You need to tell Tom to do that.
Tom says he isn't looking for a fight.
I don't have those kinds of problems.
You look tired, but Tom doesn't.
Tom says he isn't in it for the money.
I don't have the strength to do that.
You look a lot younger than Tom.
Tom says he had nothing to do with it.
I don't have anything to worry about.
You let Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't think I'd do that.
I don't have anything pressing to do.
You have to tell Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't like his nickname.
I don't have any time to do that now.
You didn't talk to Tom, did you?
Tom says he doesn't intend to do that.
I don't have any teaching experience.
You can easily find Tom's house.
Tom says he doesn't believe in ghosts.
I don't have any idea how long I slept.
You and Tom don't often do that.
Tom says he did that without thinking.
I don't have a car I can depend on.
Would Tom be willing to do that?
Tom says he could never do that again.
I don't feel like doing that tonight.
Will Tom teach French next year?
Tom says he appreciates all your help.
I don't do that as well as I used to.
Will Tom study French next year?
Tom says doing that is very important.
I don't do that as often as I should.
Will Tom be in Boston next year?
Tom says a solution needs to be found.
I don't care what time you go to bed.
Will Tom be in Boston next week?
Tom says I'm the one with the problem.
I don't care what other people think.
Will Tom be doing that with you?
Tom said you shouldn't think about it.
I don't believe that really happened.
Will Tom be doing that tomorrow?
Tom said we shouldn't do that anymore.
I don't agree with you on that point.
Why should Tom apologize to you?
Tom said we needed to be more careful.
I didn't want to stay inside all day.
Why doesn't Tom need to do that?
Tom said those exact same words to me.
I didn't want to look like a tourist.
Why doesn't Tom have to do that?
Tom said there's no reason to do that.
I didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Why did you have to go to Tom's?
Tom said the situation here is unique.
I didn't want to go there after dark.
Why did Tom not want to do that?
Tom said that'll probably happen soon.
I didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Who's going to buy that for Tom?
Tom said that we needed to be careful.
I didn't want to drink anything else.
Who told you Tom had to do that?
Tom said that wasn't likely to happen.
I didn't want to do that without you.
Who told you Tom had been fired?
Tom said that this doesn't make sense.
I didn't want to discuss the details.
Who knows when Tom will do that?
Tom said that he'd been very careless.
I didn't want to answer the question.
When Tom does that, let me know.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that.
I didn't want my parents to find out.
What'll Tom do tomorrow morning?
Tom said that he was ready to do that.
I didn't want a party on my birthday.
What did you think Tom would do?
Tom said that he was enjoying himself.
I didn't walk to school this morning.
What Tom plans to do is unclear.
Tom said that I should come home soon.
I didn't turn in my homework on time.
What Tom did didn't surprise me.
Tom said last night's concert was fun.
I didn't think you'd be back so soon.
We should be in Boston with Tom.
Tom said it's tough to make ends meet.
I didn't think that we could do that.
We didn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said it was time to rock and roll.
I didn't see anyone else in the park.
Warn Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom said it was the right thing to do.
I didn't really feel like doing that.
Try to get here before Tom does.
Tom said it was quite easy to do that.
I didn't realize what I needed to do.
Three men in hoodies mugged Tom.
Tom said his son was quite an athlete.
I didn't realize I shouldn't do that.
Those shoes don't belong to Tom.
Tom said his new house cost him a lot.
I didn't realize I needed to do that.
This bicycle is Tom's, not mine.
Tom said he's studying to be a doctor.
I didn't know you owned so much land.
They say that Tom won't do that.
Tom said he's really glad he did that.
I didn't know you enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he's ready to defend himself.
I didn't know you did that last year.
There's no way Tom will do that.
Tom said he's happy that you did that.
I didn't know what was in the closet.
The way Tom did that was stupid.
Tom said he's glad you didn't do that.
I didn't know what I was going to do.
The only vegetarian here is Tom.
Tom said he's excused from doing that.
I didn't know what I should be doing.
Tell Tom that I'm still working.
Tom said he's been waiting since 2:30.
I didn't know that you would do that.
Tell Tom he should visit Boston.
Tom said he's been very busy all week.
I didn't know that you were Canadian.
Tell Tom I only drink green tea.
Tom said he's been robbed three times.
I didn't know that you owned a truck.
Shouldn't Tom be doing that now?
Tom said he's always done it that way.
I didn't know that you could do that.
Please tell Tom to study harder.
Tom said he'll help us any way he can.
I didn't know how long I should wait.
Please tell Tom to do that soon.
Tom said he'll be turning thirty soon.
I didn't know exactly where to begin.
Please tell Tom he has to leave.
Tom said he'll be in Boston next week.
I didn't know I was going to be late.
Please tell Tom I won't do that.
Tom said he'd rather do that tomorrow.
I didn't intend to cause any trouble.
Perhaps Tom won't do that today.
Tom said he'd like you to do that now.
I didn't have enough time to do that.
Perhaps Tom isn't at home today.
Tom said he'd help if I wanted him to.
I didn't have anything to write with.
Perhaps Tom is writing a letter.
Tom said he'd be back on October 20th.
I didn't have a good time doing that.
Perhaps Tom has to do that, too.
Tom said he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I didn't go into the room right away.
Perhaps Tom doesn't read novels.
Tom said he wouldn't agree to do that.
I didn't get paid for the work I did.
One of Tom's legs was amputated.
Tom said he wasn't worried about that.
I didn't get home in time for dinner.
My first French teacher was Tom.
Tom said he wasn't willing to help us.
I didn't get enough sleep last night.
My dog killed one of Tom's cats.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to vote.
I didn't get along with my neighbors.
Maybe Tom would like to do that.
Tom said he wasn't interested in that.
I didn't follow the proper procedure.
Maybe Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom said he wasn't at home last night.
I didn't find what I was looking for.
Maybe Tom needs to do that, too.
Tom said he was very unlikely to do that.
I didn't feel I was ready to do that.
Let's not permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he was too stupid to do that.
I didn't expect to be chosen captain.
Let's ask Tom to do that for us.
Tom said he was too sleepy to do that.
I didn't expect this to happen today.
Let Tom watch whatever he wants.
Tom said he was told to do that again.
I didn't enjoy the concert very much.
Let Tom watch anything he wants.
Tom said he was sorry for what he did.
I didn't do what you wanted me to do.
Let Tom listen to what he wants.
Tom said he was just about to do that.
I didn't do everything you say I did.
Let Tom drink whatever he wants.
Tom said he was in no rush to do that.
I did the same thing three years ago.
Let Tom drink anything he wants.
Tom said he wanted to help us do that.
I did that today the way I always do.
It's possible that Tom did that.
Tom said he wanted to buy another car.
I did exactly the same thing you did.
Tom said he wanted to be an architect.
I definitely won't forget to do that.
It seems that Tom won't do that.
Tom said he thought you would do that.
I couldn't have done that any better.
It seems that Tom might do that.
Tom said he thought he had to do that.
I can't remember where I bought this.
It looks like Tom won't do that.
Tom said he really regrets doing that.
I can't play the saxophone very well.
Is Tom still willing to do that?
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that.
I can't play the piano all that well.
Is Tom still obliged to do that?
Tom said he now regrets that decision.
I can't play the accordion very well.
Tom said he never considered retiring.
I can't lend you any money right now.
Is Tom still allowed to do that?
Tom said he needed to call the police.
I can't do that now because I'm busy.
Tom said he knows both of the victims.
I can't believe that really happened.
I've never met Tom's first wife.
Tom said he knew it was time to leave.
I assume you'd be willing to do that.
I'm three months older than Tom.
Tom said he isn't the least bit tired.
How often do you practice basketball?
I'm sure that Tom can't do that.
Tom said he hopes to change that soon.
How often do you do that by yourself?
I'm sure Tom won't be surprised.
Tom said he hopes that'll happen soon.
How many ways do you know to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be ready yet.
Tom said he hasn't decided what to do.
How many times a year do you do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be impressed.
Tom said he has to do that by himself.
How many times a week do you do that?
I'm sure Tom will still do that.
Tom said he had to do that by himself.
How many slices of pizza did you eat?
I'm sure Tom will pass the exam.
Tom said he felt like he was dreaming.
How many loaves of bread did you buy?
I'm sure Tom will be suspicious.
Tom said he felt compelled to do that.
How many hours a week do you do that?
I'm sure Tom will be reasonable.
Tom said he doesn't care if I do that.
How many days did it take to do that?
I'm sure Tom will be interested.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that.
How long do you plan to be in Boston?
I'm sure Tom will be handcuffed.
Tom said he didn't want any more help.
How far is the post office from here?
I'm sure Tom will be frightened.
Tom said he didn't need any more help.
How did you know what I needed to do?
I'm positive Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't know all the rules.
How did you know I needed to do that?
I'm not sure what Tom has to do.
Tom said he didn't do that on purpose.
How did you get to Boston so quickly?
I'm going to ask Tom for advice.
Tom said he didn't do that by himself.
Have you finished writing the report?
I'm exactly the same age as Tom.
Tom said he didn't believe it himself.
Have you ever taken a taxi to school?
I'll do that if Tom wants me to.
Tom said he couldn't sleep last night.
Have you ever run in a marathon race?
I'd rather not do that with Tom.
Tom said he believed he could do that.
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
I wondered if Tom would do that.
Tom said he assumed you would do that.
Everything seems to running smoothly.
I wonder why Tom has to do that.
Tom said a neighbor called the police.
Everyone asked why you weren't there.
I wonder why Tom had to do that.
Tom said I needed to be there by 2:30.
Everybody stayed in Boston except me.
I wonder why Tom got suspicious.
Tom returned from Australia yesterday.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that.
I wonder if Tom was embarrassed.
Tom recommended this dictionary to me.
Don't forget to remind me to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still single.
Tom really has a lot of people fooled.
Doing that wouldn't be very much fun.
I wonder if Tom is disappointed.
Tom puts a lot of sugar in his coffee.
Doing that won't likely be very easy.
I wonder if Tom can be discreet.
Tom promised not to lie to me anymore.
Doing that won't be as fun you think.
I wonder how Tom went to Boston.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that here.
Doing that likely won't be very easy.
I won't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that anymore.
Doing that likely won't be dangerous.
I wish Tom would come to Boston.
Tom probably won't forget his promise.
Doing that isn't as easy as it looks.
I wish Tom could do that better.
Tom probably won't ever do that again.
Doing it that way would be dangerous.
I wish I'd kissed Tom goodnight.
Tom probably won't be able to do that.
Do you want to go to a movie with me?
I wish I hadn't let Tom kiss me.
Tom probably shouldn't have done that.
Do you think you're a healthy person?
I wish I hadn't hit Tom so hard.
Tom probably should start packing now.
Do you think it'll be muggy tomorrow?
I wish I hadn't argued with Tom.
Tom probably isn't mad at you anymore.
Do you think it'll be humid tomorrow?
I wish I had told Tom the truth.
Tom probably fell asleep at the wheel.
Do you think it'll be foggy tomorrow?
I went swimming, but Tom didn't.
Tom probably didn't do that last week.
Do you think I'll be able to do that?
I wasn't the one who kissed Tom.
Tom probably did that on October 20th.
Do you think I'd have fun doing that?
I wasn't the one who killed Tom.
Tom probably can't do that on his own.
Do you still go sailing every summer?
I wasn't the one who helped Tom.
Tom pretty much gets what he asks for.
Do you still enjoy watching baseball?
I wasn't invited to Tom's party.
Tom plays the saxophone, but not well.
Do you see any harm in me doing that?
I was surprised by what Tom did.
Tom plans to live in Boston next year.
Do you know where your father is now?
I was supposed to meet Tom here.
Tom passed away peacefully last night.
Do you know any safer way to do that?
I was on the same flight as Tom.
Tom passed away at his home in Boston.
Do you know Mr. Jackson's first name?
I wanted to go skating with Tom.
Tom owns a summer home near the beach.
Do you intend to do that by yourself?
I wanted to go camping with Tom.
Tom overslept and was late for school.
Didn't you know where I wanted to go?
I wanted Tom to help me do that.
Tom often wears a hat just like yours.
Didn't I tell you I wouldn't do that?
I want to know why Tom did that.
Tom often complains about the weather.
Did you remember to put out the fire?
I want to know how Tom did that.
Tom offered his seat to the old woman.
Did you practice the piano yesterday?
I understand that Tom does that.
Tom obviously didn't enjoy doing that.
Did you know that your door was open?
I told Tom you'd come to Boston.
Tom no longer speaks French to anyone.
Did you actually do that by yourself?
I told Tom what I wanted to eat.
Tom never told me about his childhood.
Could I have a glass of orange juice?
I told Tom what I wanted to buy.
Tom never received a formal education.
Can you tell me what you tried to do?
I told Tom what I needed to buy.
Tom never really felt like doing that.
Can you tell me exactly what you did?
I told Tom that I can't do that.
Tom never missed a game or a practice.
Boston is sure a great place to live.
I told Tom I'd be there by 2:30.
Tom needs to make some decisive moves.
Are you sure you're ready to do that?
I thought you said Tom did that.
Tom needs to be in Boston next Monday.
Are you still considering doing that?
I thought Tom would be punctual.
Tom needs to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Are you still a kindergarten teacher?
I thought Tom wasn't interested.
Tom must've thought he had to do that.
Are you going to go by car or by bus?
I thought Tom was wearing a wig.
Tom must've been reluctant to do that.
Are there many art museums in Boston?
I thought Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom must've been motivated to do that.
Am I the only one who has to do that?
I thought Tom seemed unfriendly.
Tom must've been desperate to do that.
About how many hours did you do that?
I thought Tom didn't have a dog.
Tom must be amused by what's going on.
A lot of things can happen in a year.
I thought Tom didn't have a car.
Tom moved to Boston after his divorce.
Your name will be added to the list.
I think that Tom went to Boston.
Tom missed the train by three minutes.
Your hat has fallen under the table.
I think that Tom didn't do that.
Tom might have a good time doing that.
You've seen me do that, haven't you?
I think Tom would be suspicious.
Tom may be living in Boston next year.
You've quit doing that, haven't you?
I think Tom would be reasonable.
Tom may be coming to Boston next week.
You're too old to apply for the job.
I think Tom would be interested.
Tom mainly painted portraits of women.
You're the tallest boy in the class.
I think Tom would be frightened.
Tom made up his mind to go to college.
You're the tallest boy in our class.
I think Tom would be displeased.
Tom made the most of his small income.
You're the right person for the job.
I think Tom won't be interested.
Tom looked like he was in a good mood.
You're the person I was waiting for.
I think Tom won't be here today.
Tom lives in a small hut in the woods.
You're the only person who did that.
I think Tom won't be doing that.
Tom lives alone in a very large house.
You're the one who needs to do that.
I think Tom will do that for us.
Tom likes what you're doing right now.
You're going to do that, aren't you?
I think Tom will do that for me.
Tom likes to talk about his childhood.
You're free to do whatever you want.
I think Tom will be unimpressed.
Tom likes spending time in the garden.
You're free to do anything you want.
I think Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom likely won't be back anytime soon.
You're a trumpet player, aren't you?
I think Tom will be heartbroken.
Tom let me know that he had done that.
You're a fairly decent chess player.
I think Tom will be discouraged.
Tom left the room and closed the door.
You're a careful driver, aren't you?
I think Tom will be cooperative.
Tom left the hospital three hours ago.
You're a bit of a sissy, aren't you?
I think Tom should've done that.
Tom lay on his bed with his eyes open.
You're a bit of a rebel, aren't you?
Tom later apologized for his comments.
You're a bit of a loner, aren't you?
I think Tom is likely to resign.
Tom knows where every light switch is.
You're a French teacher, aren't you?
I think Tom is eager to do that.
Tom knows how to handle the situation.
You'll do that on Monday, won't you?
I think Tom is being reasonable.
Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
You'd be able to do that, won't you?
I think Tom is back from Boston.
Tom knows he no longer has to do that.
You won't get the chance to do that.
I think Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
You were very courageous to do that.
I think Tom had to go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
You were fussy when you were a baby.
I think Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
You thought I'd do that, didn't you?
I think Tom did the right thing.
Tom knows absolutely nothing about it.
You still don't like Boston, do you?
I think Tom did that in October.
Tom knows a lot about classical music.
You shouldn't be the one doing that.
I think Tom did that by himself.
Tom knows I'm not very happy about it.
You should've done that last summer.
I think Tom could do that today.
Tom knew he had made the right choice.
You should've done that by yourself.
I suppose that Tom will do that.
Tom knew he could've done that better.
You should try doing that once more.
I should've offered to help Tom.
Tom just wants to stay out of the way.
You seem to be unwilling to do that.
I should tell Tom what happened.
Tom just wants to keep getting better.
You seem to be reluctant to do that.
I should never have trusted Tom.
Tom just wanted to get back to school.
You really should've visited Boston.
I should ask Tom how to do that.
Tom just wanted to do the right thing.
You promised you'd do that tomorrow.
I put on Tom's shirt by mistake.
Tom just left without saying anything.
You ought to have done that earlier.
I persuaded Tom to go to Boston.
Tom isn't very likely to ever do that.
You only do that on weekends, right?
I never wanted to see Tom again.
Tom isn't very good at making friends.
You need help doing that, don't you?
I need to discuss that with Tom.
Tom isn't the one that has to do that.
You might get killed if you do that.
I know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom isn't the best player on our team.
You may come with me if you want to.
I know why Tom stayed in Boston.
Tom isn't permitted to do that either.
You may come and see me once a week.
I know why Tom needs to do that.
Tom isn't likely to make any mistakes.
You look very pleased with yourself.
I know why Tom is so successful.
Tom isn't likely to be suspended.
You look like you don't belong here.
I know why Tom is in a bad mood.
Tom isn't likely to be surprised.
You look healthier than you used to.
I know why Tom doesn't like you.
Tom isn't likely to be impressed.
You know you can always count on me.
I know why Tom couldn't do that.
Tom isn't likely to be back soon.
You know that I did that, don't you?
I know this is important to Tom.
Tom isn't likely like to be awake now.
You haven't done that yet, have you?
I know that Tom won't be coming.
Tom isn't going to be here to do that.
You have to get a permit to do that.
I know that Tom was unimpressed.
Tom isn't doing a very good job today.
You don't regret doing that, do you?
I know that Tom is undependable.
Tom is your younger brother, isn't he?
You don't really want to go, do you?
I know that Tom is disappointed.
Tom is younger than me by three years.
You don't look like you're prepared.
I know that Tom is conservative.
Tom is very unlikely to do that again.
You don't know who did that, do you?
I know that Tom doesn't like me.
Tom is too young to run for president.
You don't intend to do that, do you?
I know how Tom feels about that.
Tom is too intoxicated to do that now.
You don't do that very well, do you?
I know Tom won't do that for me.
Tom is too heavy to sit on that chair.
You don't do that the same way I do.
I know Tom will want to do that.
Tom is the youngest of three children.
You don't do that every day, do you?
I know Tom will need to do that.
Tom is the person that has to do that.
You do that every Monday, don't you?
I know Tom will help me do that.
Tom is the only one who's doing that.
I know Tom will have to do that.
Tom is the only one here under thirty.
You didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
I know Tom wants to get married.
Tom is the one I want to do that with.
You didn't look like you were upset.
I know Tom is telling the truth.
Tom is the most likely to leave early.
You didn't look like you were tired.
I know Tom is likely to do that.
Tom is the captain of basketball team.
You didn't look like you were ready.
I knew Tom would likely do that.
Tom is the best-looking person I know.
You didn't look like you were drunk.
I knew Tom would like the party.
Tom is the best French speaker I know.
You didn't do that, either, did you?
I informed Tom that I'd do that.
Tom is supposed to be able to do that.
You didn't actually need to do that.
I imagine Tom is very happy now.
Tom is someone who keeps his promises.
You didn't actually have to do that.
I hope that Tom passes the exam.
Tom is slated to come back in October.
You did that last night, didn't you?
I hope that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom is scheduled to retire in October.
You did that in a hurry, didn't you?
I hope Tom will to do that, too.
Tom is scheduled for an MRI on Monday.
You can't do that tomorrow, can you?
I hope Tom will teach me French.
Tom is reluctant to refuse to do that.
You can't do that either, can't you?
I hope Tom will help me do that.
Tom is probably still in his thirties.
You came here yesterday, didn't you?
I hope Tom knows what not to do.
Tom is only trying to protect himself.
You ate a piece of cake, didn't you?
I hope Tom knows how to do that.
Tom is only three years older than me.
Yesterday was my thirtieth birthday.
I hope Tom isn't home on Monday.
Tom is only doing what he wants to do.
Wouldn't it be rude if you did that?
I helped Tom carry the boxes.
Tom is only doing what he needs to do.
Would you mind if I opened a window?
I helped Tom pack his suitcases.
Tom is on the porch playing his banjo.
Would you like to eat pizza tonight?
I helped Tom move the furniture.
Tom is obviously never going to learn.
Would you be able to do that for us?
I helped Tom fix a broken chair.
Tom is now learning to deal with that.
Would it be all right if I did that?
I helped Tom escape from prison.
Tom is no longer a member of our club.
Would it be OK not to do that today?
I helped Tom carry his suitcase.
Tom is most likely not doing that now.
Would it be OK if we didn't do that?
I heard that Tom didn't do that.
Tom is lucky to have had so much help.
Will you still love me when I'm old?
I expect that Tom won't do that.
Tom is looking forward to coming home.
Will you go to Boston tomorrow, too?
I expect Tom to help me do that.
Tom is listening to music in his room.
Why don't you to do that right away?
I doubt if Tom will be truthful.
Tom is likely to still be unimpressed.
Why do you want to do that so badly?
I doubt if Tom will be punctual.
Tom is likely to still be unconvinced.
Why do you need to be there by 2:30?
I doubt if Tom will be prepared.
Tom is likely to still be unconscious.
Why didn't you need to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be obedient.
Tom is likely to still be pessimistic.
Why didn't you have to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven.
Tom is likely to be afraid to do that.
Who's your favorite baseball player?
I doubt if Tom will be arrested.
Tom is leaving for Australia tomorrow.
Who told you I'd be able to do that?
I don't want to see Tom unhappy.
Tom is just three years older than me.
Which one of your children did that?
I don't want to see Tom do that.
Tom is in the kitchen preparing lunch.
When was it that you went to Boston?
I don't want to do that for Tom.
Tom is in the garden planting flowers.
When did you start playing baseball?
I don't think that Tom was busy.
Tom is in his room listening to music.
Whatever happens, I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom is tired.
Tom is in charge of the entertainment.
What you did didn't surprise anyone.
I don't think that Tom is right.
Tom is in Boston visiting his parents.
What time will you do that tomorrow?
I don't think that Tom is happy.
Tom is in Boston doing that right now.
What time does the post office open?
I don't think that Tom did that.
Tom is happy that he was able to do that.
What kind of work do you like to do?
I don't think Tom will be upset.
Tom is good at practically everything.
What kind of pizza do you like best?
I don't think Tom will be ready.
Tom is faced with a difficult problem.
What exactly are you supposed to do?
I don't think Tom will be first.
Tom is extremely good at what he does.
What do you want to do this evening?
I don't think Tom will be early.
Tom is currently working in Australia.
What do you have to eat? I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom will be bored.
Tom is currently in his freshman year.
What color belt do you usually wear?
I don't think Tom will be alone.
Tom is busy, so he can't help you now.
What are you going to eat for lunch?
I don't think Tom was surprised.
Tom is beginning to pick up on things.
What are some things that annoy you?
I don't think Tom recognized me.
Tom is an outstanding baseball player.
What I wanted wasn't on the shelves.
I don't think Tom is very lucky.
Tom is an incredibly talented drummer.
We've come here to help you do that.
I don't think Tom is unfriendly.
Tom is among those who plan to attend.
We're not supposed to do that again.
I don't think Tom is suspicious.
Tom is among those planning to attend.
We're fortunate that we can do that.
I don't think Tom is prejudiced.
Tom is always yelling at his children.
We'll still do that whenever we can.
I don't think Tom is overweight.
Tom is always the first one to arrive.
We'll get paid extra for doing that.
I don't think Tom is interested.
Tom is always at the top of the class.
We would be able to do that for you.
I don't think Tom is frightened.
Tom is almost never at home on Monday.
We were told not to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is downstairs.
Tom is actually not very conservative.
We spent the whole day on the beach.
I don't think Tom is doing that.
Tom is accustomed to eating cold rice.
We should stay in Boston all summer.
I don't think Tom is colorblind.
Tom is a very talented young director.
We seldom speak French here anymore.
I don't need to worry about Tom.
Tom is a really talented chess player.
We need to go to the store for food.
I don't need Tom's help anymore.
Tom is a person who likes a challenge.
We need to find some way to do that.
I don't like the way Tom dances.
Tom is a journalism student in Boston.
We moved into a new house last week.
I don't know why Tom was crying.
Tom is a good guy to have on our side.
We just did that without asking why.
I don't know why Tom was absent.
Tom is a freelance reporter in Boston.
We have to find some way to do that.
I don't know why Tom is so busy.
Tom invested a lot of money in stocks.
We don't usually get much snow here.
I don't know where Tom is going.
Tom injured himself trying to do that.
We don't often see deer around here.
I don't know where Tom has been.
Tom helped whoever asked him for help.
Those sunglasses don't belong to me.
I don't know where Tom did that.
Tom helped his mother clean the house.
This umbrella looks a lot like mine.
I don't know what Tom's plan is.
Tom hasn't slept well for a few weeks.
This smells bad, but it's delicious.
I don't know what Tom has to do.
Tom hasn't really been doing anything.
This isn't a very comfortable chair.
I don't know how much Tom spent.
Tom hasn't lost a match since October.
This is a good time to visit Boston.
I don't intend to let Tom drive.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston since 2013.
This has to be some kind of mistake.
I don't have to worry about Tom.
Tom hasn't commented on the situation.
This building has only one restroom.
I don't go out with Tom anymore.
Tom hasn't been trying to lose weight.
There's one more thing I want to do.
I don't do that as often as Tom.
Tom hasn't been implicated or charged.
There's no chance of that happening.
I don't blame Tom for being mad.
Tom hasn't been here as far as I know.
There are three plates on the table.
I do that the same way Tom does.
Tom hasn't been convicted of anything.
There are three pieces of pies left.
I didn't want to talk about Tom.
Tom hasn't been accused of wrongdoing.
There are three Toms at this school.
I didn't want to speak with Tom.
Tom hasn't actually ever eaten caviar.
There are no musicians in my family.
I didn't want to discourage Tom.
Tom has very easy-to-read handwriting.
The only native speaker here is you.
I didn't want to dance with Tom.
Tom has us to show him how to do that.
The hungry dog quickly ate the food.
I didn't want to argue with Tom.
Tom has until October 20th to do that.
The general commanded us to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be shy.
Tom has until Monday to get that done.
That's an entirely different matter.
I didn't think Tom was sleeping.
Tom has told me to do that many times.
That statue weighs about pounds.
I didn't think Tom was innocent.
Tom has told me he's ready to do that.
Since it's raining, I won't do that.
I didn't think Tom was confused.
Tom has to learn to think for himself.
Shouldn't we be helping you do that?
I didn't think Tom was careless.
Tom has to be the next one to do that.
Please wait while I get you a towel.
I didn't thank Tom for the gift.
Tom has to be the last one to do that.
Please wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't thank Tom for his help.
Tom has to be excused from doing that.
Our house was burglarized last week.
I didn't tell Tom you were here.
Tom has three sons who became doctors.
Our baseball team had a good season.
I didn't tell Tom where I lived.
Tom has three grandchildren in school.
Now would be a good time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I was married.
Tom has the power to make that happen.
Nobody wants to take responsibility.
I didn't tell Tom I was leaving.
Tom has suggested that we not do that.
Nobody has ever spoken French to me.
I didn't tell Tom I was engaged.
Tom has suggested a possible solution.
My wife and I both can speak French.
I didn't take anything from Tom.
Tom has stolen money from his friends.
My parents taught me how to do that.
I didn't recognize Tom's sister.
Tom has started studying French again.
I didn't mean to make Tom angry.
Tom has spent a lot of time in Boston.
My father and I are the same height.
I didn't make it to Tom's party.
Tom has something to do with the case.
My dog and I sleep in the same room.
I didn't know why Tom was upset.
Tom has said he won't do that anymore.
My bicycle is much newer than yours.
I didn't know why Tom was tired.
Tom has said he wants to write a book.
My bedroom is not as clean as yours.
I didn't know what Tom would do.
Tom has really helped a lot of people.
My French is actually not very good.
I didn't know that Tom was here.
Tom has promised to do that this week.
Most people here can't speak French.
I didn't know that Tom loved me.
Tom has promised not to do that again.
Most of my hens lay one egg per day.
I didn't know that Tom hated me.
Tom has probably taught French before.
Monday will probably be a windy day.
I didn't know that Tom did that.
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.
Monday will probably be a rainy day.
I didn't know how to answer Tom.
Tom has painted himself into a corner.
Mary isn't my wife. She's my sister.
I didn't know Tom would do that.
Tom has only recently moved to Boston.
Mary and her husband live in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was your boss.
Tom has one year left on his contract.
Let's try to do that again tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom had done that.
Tom has no close friends to talk with.
Let's do that together tomorrow, OK?
I didn't know I had to help Tom.
Tom has never permitted me to do that.
Let me see what I can do about that.
I didn't keep my promise to Tom.
Tom has never been to another country.
Let me pay my share of the expenses.
I didn't invite Tom to my party.
Tom has more than three hundred books.
It's really cold here in the winter.
I didn't go and neither did Tom.
Tom has me to show him how to do that.
It's little too late to do that now.
I didn't expect to see Tom here.
Tom has made that same mistake before.
It'll take a lot of time to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he wanted.
Tom has lost at least three kilograms.
It'll probably be unsafe to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he needed.
Tom has lived in Australia since 2013.
It'll probably be tiring to do that.
I didn't ask Tom to wait for us.
Tom has lived here for his whole life.
It'll probably be boring to do that.
I didn't ask Tom not to do that.
Tom has his reasons for staying there.
It'd be better if we didn't do that.
I did that the same way Tom did.
Tom has helped me out countless times.
It would've been foolish to do that.
I came here to do that with Tom.
Tom has had plenty of time to do that.
It would be very logical to do that.
I can't swim as well as Tom can.
Tom has had health problems for years.
It would be stupid to do that again.
I can't sing as well as Tom can.
Tom has given each child three apples.
It would be nice if I could do that.
I can't prove that Tom did that.
Tom has done what you asked him to do.
It would be fun to do that with you.
I bet Tom could do that for you.
Tom has done what we wanted him to do.
It would be a lot of fun to do that.
I begged Tom to help me do that.
Tom has done something similar before.
It will likely be cold this weekend.
I always knew Tom could do that.
Tom has decided to go a different way.
It was quite easy for me to do that.
I already know why Tom did that.
Tom has decided it's time to move out.
It was a problem, but not a big one.
How often does Tom have parties?
Tom has been told he needs to do that.
It should be very simple to do that.
How often does Tom go to school?
Tom has been to every state in the US.
It should be interesting to do that.
How often does Tom go to Boston?
Tom has been to Australia three times.
It probably won't be fun to do that.
How many times will Tom do that?
Tom has been teaching for three years.
It may sound strange, but it's true.
How many sandwiches did Tom eat?
Tom has been sick in bed since Monday.
It doesn't look like you're worried.
How many brothers does Tom have?
Tom has been named interim head coach.
It doesn't look like you're pleased.
How long has Tom been in prison?
Tom has been late every day this week.
It doesn't look like you're nervous.
How badly was Tom's car damaged?
Tom has been in this situation before.
It didn't look like you were asleep.
Has Tom come to Boston recently?
Tom has been here for at least a year.
Isn't there a faster way to do that?
Has Tom been to Boston recently?
Tom has been given a tough assignment.
Isn't there a better way to do that?
Has Tom already left for Boston?
Tom has been doing that the whole day.
Is it possible to cross this bridge?
Even Tom went to Boston with us.
Tom has been doing that since October.
If you like, I can buy that for you.
Even Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has been caught doing that before.
I've never seen a bear in this area.
Even Tom didn't know what to do.
Tom has been blamed for what happened.
I've never done that, not even once.
Either I'll do that or Tom will.
Tom has been asking me the same thing.
I've never been to Australia before.
Doing that would make Tom happy.
Tom has been arrested on drug charges.
I've moved out of my parent's house.
Do you want Tom to go to Boston?
Tom has been a really good role model.
I've made up my mind not to do that.
Do you think Tom will be absent?
Tom has been a firefighter since 2013.
I've got some experience doing that.
Do you think Tom went to Boston?
Tom has become an electrical engineer.
Do you think Tom might be wrong?
Tom has be doing that for a few years.
I've decided to try to do that here.
Do you think Tom might be early?
Tom has always wanted to study French.
I've decided not to do that anymore.
Do you think Tom might be drunk?
Tom has always wanted to learn French.
I've been trying to do that all day.
Do you think Tom might be bored?
Tom has always been really good to me.
I've been told not to do that again.
Do you think Tom might be awake?
Tom has already done that three times.
I've been doing that a lot recently.
Do you think Tom might be angry?
Tom has almost as many stamps as I do.
I've always wanted a red sports car.
Do you remember if Tom did that?
Tom has agreed not to do that anymore.
I've already sent in my application.
Do you know why Tom was unhappy?
Tom has advised me to stop doing that.
I'm too old to start doing that now.
Do you know where Tom has to go?
Tom has a very strange sense of humor.
I'm thinking of doing that tomorrow.
Didn't you know Tom was unhappy?
Tom has a very special way to do that.
I'm thinking about moving to Boston.
Didn't you know Tom was married?
Tom has a three handsome teenage sons.
I'm thinking about going to college.
Didn't you know Tom loves pizza?
Tom has a hard time remembering names.
I'm thinking about buying a new car.
Did you know Tom would be there?
Tom has a good chance of being chosen.
I'm the only one who has to do that.
Did you know Tom was doing that?
Tom has a brother who works in a bank.
I'm the only one allowed to do that.
Did you know Tom was a Canadian?
Tom had three sons who became doctors.
I'm still not very good at swimming.
Did you know Tom had to do that?
Tom had plenty of reason to celebrate.
I'm still not very fluent in French.
Did Tom say he'd stay in Boston?
Tom had many opportunities to do that.
I'm sorry I didn't buy that for you.
Did Tom say he stayed in Boston?
Tom had an operation on his right leg.
I'm not sure I want to get involved.
Did Tom go somewhere last night?
Tom had a similar accident in October.
I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
Did Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom had a lot to do with that project.
I'm not planning to do that anymore.
Did I do something to upset Tom?
Tom had a lot of things he had to buy.
I'm not permitted to do that either.
Can't you go to Boston with Tom?
Tom graduated from law school in 2013.
I'm not going to study French today.
Can Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom got up an hour early this morning.
I'm good at both French and English.
Both of Tom's brothers did that.
Tom got a chance to do that last week.
I'm going to have to do that myself.
Ask Tom when he'll go to Boston.
Tom frequently does that before lunch.
I'm afraid I can't help you do that.
Ask Tom to go to Boston for you.
Tom freaked out and started screaming.
I'll print out the schedule for you.
Ask Tom if he'll stay in Boston.
Tom found it hard not to be impressed.
I'll do that if you pay me to do it.
As far as I know, Tom does that.
Tom finds fault with everything I say.
I'll do that at least one more time.
Are you sure Tom went to Boston?
Tom fell in love with a younger woman.
I'll be very careful when I do that.
Are you sure Tom has to do that?
Tom faces up to three years in prison.
You're a lot older than Tom is.
Tom faces charges of attempted murder.
I'd like to buy a pair of ski boots.
You're a little older than Tom.
Tom expressed his thanks to all of us.
I'd hoped I'd be allowed to do that.
You'd defend Tom, wouldn't you?
Tom explained why he couldn't do that.
I wouldn't want to be seen together.
You'd better not tell Tom that.
Tom expects to go home in a few weeks.
I wouldn't mind helping you do that.
You shouldn't do that with Tom.
Tom eventually quit trying to do that.
I wouldn't mind buying that for you.
You should tell Tom to do that.
Tom escaped soon after being captured.
I wouldn't have the guts to do that.
You said you'd do that for Tom.
Tom enjoys doing that with his family.
I wouldn't ever consider doing that.
You promised Tom you'd do that.
Tom emptied everything out of the box.
I wouldn't even consider doing that.
Would it be OK if Tom did that?
Tom drove a school bus for many years.
I wonder if it's OK to do that here.
Would Tom be afraid to do that?
Tom doesn't want to repaint his house.
I wonder if doing that would be fun.
Will you speak French with Tom?
Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I won't permit you to do that again.
Will you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't want to do that every day.
I won't likely try to do that again.
Will Tom do that tomorrow, too?
Tom doesn't want to be doing that now.
I won't be going to Boston with you.
Will Tom be willing to do that?
Tom doesn't turn thirty until October.
I won't be allowed to do that again.
Will Tom be doing that anymore?
Tom doesn't think you're able do that.
I won't be able to make you do that.
Why shouldn't Tom go to Boston?
Tom doesn't think you need to do that.
Why shouldn't Tom be in Boston?
Tom doesn't think you have to do that.
I wish we had the chance to do that.
Why don't you do that with Tom?
Tom doesn't think that we can do that.
I wish that I could play the guitar.
Why do you have to go to Tom's?
Tom doesn't think he ought to do that.
I wish someone would do that for me.
Why didn't Tom want to do that?
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that.
I wish I'd had more time to do that.
Why didn't Tom need to do that?
Tom doesn't think I'd want to do that.
I wish I'd eaten more for breakfast.
Why didn't Tom have to do that?
Tom doesn't think I did that, does he?
I wish I hadn't parked my car there.
Who told you that Tom did that?
Tom doesn't take anything for granted.
I wish I hadn't done that by myself.
Who told you Tom would help us?
Tom doesn't seem to know who did that.
I wish I had enough money to retire.
Who told you Tom would do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be very concerned.
I wish I could dance as well as you.
Who told you Tom was in Boston?
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid anymore.
I was just getting ready to do that.
Who told you Tom could do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here.
I wanted to show you how to do that.
Who told you Tom broke his leg?
Tom doesn't see why he should do that.
I wanted to do that, but I couldn't.
When did Tom decide to do that?
Tom doesn't really know what happened.
I want to see you riding a unicycle.
We should get out of Tom's way.
Tom doesn't realize what he has to do.
I want to know who you want to hire.
We don't permit Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't need to do that every day.
I want to figure out how to do that.
Was Tom watching TV last night?
Tom doesn't like to read on the train.
I want to buy some books for my son.
Was Tom really able to do that?
Tom doesn't like the way you did that.
I want to be an electrical engineer.
Those sunglasses belong to Tom.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
I usually get home just before 2:30.
They say that Tom will do that.
Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
I thought you would want to do that.
The way Tom did that was wrong.
Tom doesn't know how to throw a party.
I thought you said I had to do that.
That's the reason Tom did that.
Tom doesn't know how to read or write.
I thought we'd outsmarted everybody.
That'll probably impress Tom.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
I thought I'd be doing that all day.
Tell Tom to take off his shoes.
Tom doesn't have very much experience.
I thought I could get that for free.
Please tell Tom not to do that.
Tom doesn't have to do that every day.
I thought I could do that by myself.
Please make sure Tom does that.
Tom doesn't have the skill to do that.
I think you should do that tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom won't go to Boston.
Tom doesn't have the money to do that.
I think that I've done that already.
Perhaps Tom will come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have the means to do that.
I think it might be easy to do that.
Perhaps Tom wanted to buy that.
Tom doesn't have as much time as I do.
I think I'd be miserable doing that.
Perhaps Tom is reading a novel.
Tom doesn't have any living relatives.
I suspect you don't have to do that.
One of Tom's leg was amputated.
Tom doesn't get paid a lot to do that.
I still haven't planted any lettuce.
No one knows why Tom is scared.
Tom doesn't feel enough is being done.
I still haven't finished doing that.
My coffee cup is next to Tom's.
Tom doesn't ever speak French anymore.
I still have many friends in Boston.
My car is parked next to Tom's.
Tom doesn't even care that we're here.
I still have a house on Park Street.
Maybe Tom won't finish on time.
Tom doesn't eat anything except bread.
I still don't know how to tie a tie.
Let's have Tom do that for you.
Tom doesn't do that because he's sick.
I shouldn't have taken off my shirt.
Let Tom read whatever he wants.
Tom doesn't do that anywhere but here.
I should've refused to go to Boston.
Let Tom read anything he wants.
Tom doesn't come to school very often.
I should've gone to Boston with you.
Let Tom have whatever he wants.
Tom does things that I'd refuse to do.
I should've done things differently.
Let Tom have anything he wants.
Tom does that every day in the summer.
I should've been with you yesterday.
It's too late to visit Tom now.
Tom died on his way back to Australia.
I should've at least offered to pay.
It's strange that Tom did that.
Tom died on a visit to Boston in 2013.
I should probably not do that today.
It looks like Tom will do that.
Tom died in after a long illness.
I should have no problem doing that.
It looks like Tom is shivering.
Tom died from a drug overdose in 2013.
I should get someone do that for me.
Is Tom still unable to do that?
Tom died Monday in his home in Boston.
I should be the next one to do that.
Is Tom still likely to do that?
Tom died Monday at his home in Boston.
I should be able to do that for you.
Is Tom still afraid to do that?
Tom didn't want to get into the water.
I regret that I wasted so much time.
Is Tom really living in Boston?
Tom didn't want to be helped at first.
I realized I didn't need to do that.
I've warned Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't want me to do that for him.
I realized I didn't have to do that.
I've never seen Tom doing that.
Tom didn't think he needed to do that.
I realize I don't have enough money.
I've never seen Tom cry before.
Tom didn't tell us what happened next.
I plan to stay in Boston for a week.
I've looked for Tom everywhere.
Tom didn't tell me he knew my brother.
I plan to have a party next weekend.
I'm willing to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't seem too surprised, either.
I often study French in the evening.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom didn't seem to know where to park.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom didn't seem to be very happy here.
I need to study for tomorrow's test.
I'm sure Tom won't be punished.
Tom didn't seem to be having much fun.
I need to figure out how to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be prepared.
Tom didn't seem any busier than usual.
I might be able to buy that for you.
I'm sure Tom won't be arrested.
Tom didn't look very happy to see you.
I me him, but I don't know his name.
I'm sure Tom will visit Boston.
Tom didn't know where his car key was.
I may be living in Boston next year.
I'm sure Tom will go to Boston.
Tom didn't know that I had to do that.
I looked at the calendar on my desk.
I'm sure Tom will be terrified.
Tom didn't know how he should do that.
I learned how to do that in October.
I'm sure Tom will be suspended.
Tom didn't have to do that right away.
I know that you're eager to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be surprised.
Tom didn't have time to do that today.
I know that you hardly ever do that.
I'm sure Tom will be skeptical.
Tom didn't have money to buy anything.
I know that you don't often do that.
I'm sure Tom will be objective.
Tom didn't even remember his own name.
I know that I'm sometimes obstinate.
I'm sure Tom will be depressed.
Tom didn't even ask for my permission.
I know that I'm sometimes obnoxious.
I'm sure Tom will be concerned.
Tom didn't do what you told him to do.
I know it'll be possible to do that.
I'm positive Tom won't do that.
Tom didn't do that on purpose, did he?
I know how much you hate doing that.
I'm positive Tom speaks French.
Tom did whatever he felt he had to do.
I know I wasn't supposed to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom did that.
Tom did what he promised to do for me.
I knew I wasn't supposed to do that.
I'll talk to Tom when he comes.
Tom did that today for the first time.
I hope to finish doing this by 2:30.
I'll ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom did that the day before yesterday.
I hope that I'll be able to do that.
I'd never allow Tom to do that.
Tom did that because he was forced to.
I hope that I don't have to do that.
I'd like Tom to do that for me.
Tom did that because he had no choice.
I hope I have the chance to do that.
Tom did everything we asked him to do.
I helped my mother fold the laundry.
I wonder why Tom won't do that.
Tom did everything he felt like doing.
I heard that you did that yesterday.
I wonder who taught Tom French.
Tom deserves our respect and our help.
I haven't done that very many times.
I wonder when Tom will do that.
Tom denies involvement in the bombing.
I have trouble understanding French.
I wonder what Tom wanted to do.
Tom definitely wants to do that again.
I have to tell my parents the truth.
I wonder what Tom needed to do.
Tom definitely looks better this week.
I have to figure out how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is trustworthy.
Tom definitely didn't want to do that.
I have no desire to do that anymore.
I wonder if Tom is sympathetic.
Tom definitely didn't need to do that.
I had some business to take care of.
I wonder if Tom is intoxicated.
Tom definitely didn't have to do that.
I had nothing to do, so I went home.
I wonder if Tom has to do that.
Tom decided to try doing that himself.
I had intended to do that yesterday.
I wonder if Tom can be trusted.
Tom decided to let me do that for him.
I go to the same school that you do.
I won't have to tell Tom again.
Tom decided to go ahead with his plan.
I get up at the same time every day.
I won't be doing that with Tom.
Tom cut a picture out of the magazine.
I found the keys I thought I'd lost.
I wish Tom knew how to do that.
Tom crouched down to avoid being seen.
I find it very difficult to do that.
I was going to do that for Tom.
Tom crossed the river in a small boat.
I feel a little better this morning.
I wanted to go skiing with Tom.
Tom couldn't move the desk by himself.
I eventually found out who did that.
I wanted to go hiking with Tom.
Tom couldn't do that even if he tried.
I don't wear glasses, but I used to.
I want to learn more about Tom.
Tom could've received a life sentence.
I don't want you to stop doing that.
I want to go shopping with Tom.
Tom could've done that, but he didn't.
I don't want to stay inside all day.
I waited for Tom all afternoon.
Tom could still face criminal charges.
I don't want to rely on anyone else.
I told Tom what you want to do.
Tom could probably do that on his own.
I don't want to move back to Boston.
I told Tom what I needed to do.
Tom could probably do that by himself.
I don't want to lose any more money.
I told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom could get punished if he did that.
I don't want to live in the country.
I told Tom I'd do that for him.
Tom could be the first one to do that.
I don't want to go to bed right now.
I thought Tom would be worried.
Tom could be interested in doing that.
I don't want to go to Boston by bus.
I thought Tom would be nervous.
Tom cooks chicken just the way I like.
I don't want to go there after dark.
I thought Tom would be jealous.
Tom composed the music for that movie.
I don't want to go sailing with you.
I thought Tom would be grouchy.
Tom comes to see me from time to time.
I don't want to go camping with you.
I thought Tom would be furious.
Tom comes here once a week to help me.
I don't want to eat leftovers again.
I thought Tom would be careful.
Tom comes from a very artistic family.
I don't want to drink anything else.
I thought Tom would be at home.
Tom comes back to Boston every summer.
I don't want to discuss the details.
I thought Tom wasn't surprised.
Tom climbed up the tree like a monkey.
I don't want to answer the question.
I thought Tom wasn't in Boston.
Tom claims he never wanted to do that.
I don't want my parents to find out.
I thought Tom wasn't impressed.
Tom claimed nothing was done about it.
I don't want a party on my birthday.
I thought Tom was making it up.
Tom certainly wasn't ready to do that.
I don't understand French very well.
I thought Tom seemed impressed.
Tom carried our suitcases to our room.
I don't think this makes much sense.
I thought Tom must be mistaken.
Tom can't play the clarinet very well.
I don't think this is a coincidence.
I thought Tom looked exhausted.
Tom came to the station to see me off.
I don't think there is life on Mars.
I thought I could count on Tom.
Tom came to the same conclusion I did.
I don't think that I should do that.
I think that Tom won't do that.
Tom came here all the way from Boston.
I don't think I'll ever get married.
I think that Tom is doing that.
Tom became a school teacher in Boston.
I don't think I'd ever eat dog meat.
I think Tom wouldn't be scared.
Tom became a Canadian citizen in 2013.
I don't think I want to do that now.
I think Tom would've done that.
Tom banged on the table with his fist.
I don't think I should've done that.
I think Tom would be terrified.
Tom asked me who painted this picture.
I don't think I can do that for you.
I think Tom would be surprised.
Tom asked me not to do that at school.
I don't still need to do that, do I?
I think Tom would be skeptical.
Tom asked me if he could see me again.
I don't still have to do that, do I?
I think Tom would be objective.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
I don't really think we can do that.
I think Tom would be impressed.
Tom asked me if I knew how to do that.
I don't really feel like doing that.
I think Tom won't be surprised.
Tom asked if he really had to do that.
I don't really care how you do that.
I think Tom won't be back soon.
Tom appeared on television last night.
I don't often do this kind of thing.
I think Tom will do that later.
Tom apparently didn't want to do that.
I don't need you to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be suspicious.
Tom apparently didn't need to do that.
I don't need to make dinner tonight.
Tom apparently didn't have to do that.
I don't need to go to the dentist's.
I think Tom will be here later.
Tom apologized to me for his rudeness.
I don't need to be there until 2:30.
I think Tom will be frightened.
Tom and his neighbors aren't safe yet.
I don't live on Park Street anymore.
I think Tom will be doing that.
Tom and I've been married three years.
I don't like walking alone at night.
I think Tom will be displeased.
Tom and I've been friends a long time.
I don't like to throw anything away.
I think Tom is going to resign.
Tom and I've become very good friends.
I don't like talking with strangers.
I think Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom and I've always gotten along well.
I don't like talking about politics.
I think Tom has gone to Boston.
Tom and I've always been good friends.
I don't like swimming in the winter.
I think Tom did that on Monday.
Tom and I'll be doing that on our own.
I don't like reading romance novels.
I think Tom could've done that.
Tom and I work in the same restaurant.
I don't like my neighbors very much.
I think Tom could be impartial.
Tom and I weren't supposed to do that.
I don't like listening to the radio.
I think Tom already knows that.
Tom and I were together all afternoon.
I don't like going to the dentist's.
I think I can help Tom do that.
Tom and I were sitting at the counter.
I don't like baseball or basketball.
I talked Tom out of doing that.
Tom and I went to med school together.
I don't know who's going to help us.
I shouldn't have let Tom drive.
Tom and I went on a date last weekend.
I don't know who's going to help me.
I shouldn't ask Tom to do that.
Tom and I watched the sunset together.
I don't know who's going to do that.
I should've done that with Tom.
Tom and I used to live on Park Street.
I don't know what's really going on.
I should've asked Tom for help.
Tom and I used to go fishing together.
I don't know if I'll do that or not.
I should tell Tom I'll do that.
Tom and I text each other quite often.
I don't know how to tie a square knot.
I should do what Tom suggested.
Tom and I switched places on the sofa.
I don't know how to tie a clove hitch.
I should be in Boston with Tom.
Tom and I swam to the island together.
I don't know how to play the violin.
You seem to know a lot about Tom's family.
Tom and I still aren't ready to leave.
I don't know how to play backgammon.
I saw Tom sitting on the porch.
Tom and I shook hands with each other.
I don't know how long I should wait.
I saw Tom doing that yesterday.
Tom and I rarely do anything together.
I don't know exactly how to do that.
I persuaded Tom not to do that.
Tom and I played tennis all afternoon.
I don't know any of the details yet.
I know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom and I often went fishing together.
I don't intend to do that by myself.
I know what time Tom gets home.
Tom and I often went camping together.
I don't have very much energy today.
I know that Tom was devastated.
Tom and I often wear matching clothes.
I don't have very many friends here.
I know that Tom was astonished.
Tom and I often tell each other jokes.
I don't have to make dinner tonight.
I know that Tom is unconvinced.
Tom and I often study French together.
I don't have to go to the dentist's.
I know that Tom is unconcerned.
Tom and I kissed each other goodnight.
I don't have to be there until 2:30.
I know that Tom is trustworthy.
Tom and I have several mutual friends.
I don't have the stamina to do that.
I know that Tom is thickheaded.
Tom and I got married three years ago.
I don't have the ability to do that.
I know that Tom is sympathetic.
Tom and I drank about the same amount.
I don't have my phone with me today.
I know that Tom is responsible.
Tom and I don't know what's happening.
I don't have it all figured out yet.
I know that Tom is resourceful.
Tom and I don't go to the same school.
I don't have enough time to do that.
I know that Tom is replaceable.
Tom and I do a lot of things together.
I don't have anything in my pockets.
I know that Tom is pessimistic.
Tom and I did that together yesterday.
I don't have any plans for tomorrow.
I know that Tom is over thirty.
Tom and I danced together all evening.
I don't have any friends my own age.
I know that Tom is intoxicated.
Tom and I bought everything we needed.
I don't have a driver's license yet.
I know that Tom is intelligent.
Tom and I began yelling at each other.
I don't get up early like I used to.
I know that Tom is influential.
Tom and I attended the party together.
I don't get invited to many parties.
I know that Tom is incompetent.
Tom and I are unlikely to get married.
I don't eat Mexican food very often.
I know that Tom is heartbroken.
Tom and I are still in the same class.
I don't do that the same way you do.
I know that Tom is hardworking.
Tom and I are like brother and sister.
I don't do that like most people do.
I know that Tom is handicapped.
Tom and I are getting ready to go out.
I don't blame you for getting angry.
I know that Tom is embarrassed.
Tom always does that when he's scared.
I don't believe you really did that.
I know that Tom is discouraged.
Tom always does that in the afternoon.
I don't believe that we can do this.
I know that Tom is competitive.
Tom always asks me the same questions.
I don't believe in life after death.
I know that Tom has to do that.
Tom also moonlighted as a taxi driver.
I don't always get my homework done.
I know that Tom didn't do that.
Tom almost went to Boston last summer.
I don't actually live in Boston now.
I know precisely how Tom feels.
Tom almost froze to death in the snow.
I didn't want to waste time arguing.
I know it was Tom who did that.
Tom admitted that he had taken bribes.
I didn't want to talk to you either.
I know Tom would never do that.
Tom actually does want you to do that.
I didn't want to leave empty-handed.
I know Tom will come to Boston.
Tom Jackson was the arresting officer.
I didn't want to go to the hospital.
I know Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom's wife is just as funny as he is.
I didn't want to go there by myself.
I know Tom has lived in Boston.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as he is.
I didn't want to get my clothes wet.
I know Tom didn't visit Boston.
Tom's teeth have always been crooked.
I didn't want to get into the water.
I know Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom's teammates were glad to see him.
I didn't want to do that, but I did.
I knew that Tom had to do that.
Tom's room needs to be cleaned again.
I didn't want to do that right away.
I informed Tom that I did that.
Tom's poetry has won numerous prizes.
I didn't want to ask you to do that.
I hope Tom will do that for me.
Tom's parents were born in Australia.
I didn't want it to happen that way.
I hope Tom isn't uncooperative.
Tom's name will be added to the list.
I didn't wake up early this morning.
I hope Tom is home next Monday.
Tom's interest in sports began early.
I didn't think you'd be so careless.
I hope Tom is going to do that.
Tom's hobby is collecting old stamps.
I didn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom doesn't get annoyed.
Tom's funeral will be held on Monday.
I didn't think I needed a bodyguard.
I hope Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom's first guitar was made in China.
I didn't tell you to do that, did I?
I hope Tom asks me to the prom.
Tom's efforts haven't gone unnoticed.
I didn't tell anyone why I was late.
I hope I didn't disappoint Tom.
Tom's dream is to win a championship.
I didn't take a shower this morning.
I helped Tom yesterday morning.
Tom's designs didn't impress me much.
I didn't realize what was happening.
I helped Tom write this report.
Tom's brother didn't do that, either.
I didn't realize I'd made a mistake.
I helped Tom pry the door open.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd been.
I didn't notice the mud on my shoes.
I helped Tom pick up his stuff.
Tom wouldn't do that again, would he?
I didn't need to wait all that long.
I helped Tom fold the blankets.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we did that.
I didn't need to do that, but I did.
I helped Tom find his way here.
I didn't need to be told what to do.
I helped Tom find an apartment.
Tom would've been willing to do that.
I didn't make much money doing that.
I helped Tom decide what to do.
Tom would never permit me to do that.
I didn't like the concert very much.
I helped Tom clean up the mess.
Tom would do that again if he had to.
I didn't like living in the country.
I help Tom do that quite often.
Tom would be punished if he did that.
I didn't like dogs when I was a kid.
I heard that Tom would do that.
Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I didn't like being told what to do.
I heard that Tom won't do that.
Tom would be arrested if he did that.
I didn't know you were still single.
I heard that Tom is doing that.
Tom works as a janitor in a hospital.
I didn't know who those people were.
I heard that Tom has done that.
Tom worked until 2:in the morning.
I didn't know who I was speaking to.
I hear Tom is still doing that.
Tom won't permit you guys to do that.
I didn't know which train I'd be on.
I haven't talked to Tom all week.
Tom won't listen to anything you say.
I didn't know where my umbrella was.
I got tired of waiting for Tom.
Tom won't help you do that right now.
I didn't know where my friends were.
I gave Tom all the money I had.
Tom won't have the chance to do that.
I didn't know what time to be there.
I expect that Tom will do that.
Tom won't go to Boston until October.
I didn't know what the solution was.
I doubt that Tom could do that.
Tom won't come to Boston this summer.
I didn't know what else I had to do.
I doubt if Tom will be puzzled.
Tom won't be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that you were unhappy.
I doubt if Tom will be present.
Tom won't be going to Boston with us.
I didn't know that you could see me.
I doubt if Tom will be pleased.
Tom won't be finished doing that yet.
I didn't know how much sugar to add.
I doubt if Tom will be nervous.
Tom won't be allowed to do that here.
I didn't have to say or do anything.
I doubt if Tom will be jealous.
Tom won't be able to make us do that.
I didn't have to go to school today.
I doubt if Tom will be excited.
Tom won't be able to do that tonight.
I didn't have to do that, but I did.
I doubt if Tom will be curious.
Tom will probably make some mistakes.
I didn't have to do that right away.
I don't want to speak with Tom.
Tom will probably forget his promise.
I didn't have to cancel my vacation.
I don't want to make Tom angry.
Tom will probably be grouchy all day.
I didn't have permission to do that.
I don't want to discourage Tom.
Tom will probably be absent tomorrow.
I didn't have any problem with that.
I don't want to dance with Tom.
Tom will probably be able to do that.
I didn't go to the party last night.
I don't want to argue with Tom.
Tom will never permit you to do that.
I didn't go to the lake last summer.
I don't want anything from Tom.
Tom will never admit that he's wrong.
I didn't fill in the form correctly.
I don't want Tom to see me cry.
Tom will likely agree not to do that.
I didn't feel like doing that today.
I don't think that Tom is busy.
Tom will have a good time doing that.
I didn't expect to get here on time.
I don't think Tom will say yes.
Tom will give us whatever we ask for.
I didn't do that because I was sick.
I don't think Tom will be late.
Tom will do that tomorrow, I suppose.
I didn't attend yesterday's meeting.
I don't think Tom will be last.
Tom will do anything for his friends.
I didn't actually see what happened.
I don't think Tom will be here.
Tom will be the first one to do that.
I didn't actually do that by myself.
I don't think Tom will be cold.
Tom will be interested in doing that.
I demand that you do that right now.
I don't think Tom is unmarried.
Tom will be able to do that, I think.
I couldn't wish for anything better.
I don't think Tom is satisfied.
Tom will be able to do that tomorrow.
I couldn't visit Boston last summer.
I don't think Tom is miserable.
Tom went to the bakery to buy a cake.
I couldn't remember all their names.
I don't think Tom is irritated.
Tom went back to Boston after a year.
I couldn't find everything I needed.
I don't think Tom is impressed.
Tom wasn't very motivated to do that.
I could go home if you wanted me to.
I don't think Tom is dishonest.
Tom wasn't sure he needed to do that.
I could do that if you wanted me to.
I don't think Tom is desperate.
Tom wasn't given a chance to do that.
I come to Boston about once a month.
I don't think Tom is depressed.
Tom wasn't able to do that yesterday.
I can't decide which bicycle to buy.
I don't think Tom is concerned.
Tom wasn't able to do that very well.
I can go with you if you want me to.
I don't think Tom is conceited.
Tom was worried you wouldn't do that.
I bought myself a hat in that store.
I don't talk to Tom very often.
Tom was very the last one to do that.
I assumed you would want to do that.
I don't often do that with Tom.
Tom was very hungry when he got home.
I also stayed in Boston for a while.
I don't like the way Tom cooks.
Tom was very angry with his children.
I admitted I didn't know what to do.
I don't like shopping with Tom.
Tom was too terrified to do anything.
How often do you practice the piano?
I don't know why Tom was angry.
Tom was the first one to be arrested.
How much time will you be in Boston?
I don't know why Tom is so sad.
Tom was sitting in the driver's seat.
How many times a day do you do that?
I don't know why Tom is scared.
Tom was only allowed to do that once.
How many students are in your class?
I don't know why Tom is crying.
Tom was my boyfriend three years ago.
How many pieces of cake did you eat?
I don't know why Tom is afraid.
Tom was my boyfriend for three years.
How many marshmallows did you bring?
I don't know why Tom called me.
Tom was in Boston for several months.
How many countries have you gone to?
I don't know when Tom did that.
Tom was found hiding in his basement.
How long did it take you to do that?
I don't know what Tom has done.
Tom was dressed in an old tweed suit.
How did you know what you had to do?
I don't know how Tom does that.
Tom was doing that just this morning.
Have you heard of any strange diets?
I don't do that as well as Tom.
Tom was being treated at a burn unit.
French is a very beautiful language.
I don't do that as much as Tom.
Tom was able to do that successfully.
Fortunately, I've already done that.
I don't do that as fast as Tom.
Tom warned me not to do that anymore.
Everything's back to the way it was.
I don't care how Tom does that.
Tom wanted to know why that happened.
Everyone in my family likes singing.
I didn't want to talk with Tom.
Tom usually gets everything he wants.
Don't forget to turn off the lights.
I didn't want to live with Tom.
Tom usually does that in the morning.
Don't forget to turn off the heater.
I didn't want to embarrass Tom.
Tom used to run a bar on Park Street.
Don't forget to pay your rent today.
I didn't want to be around Tom.
Tom used to own a bar on Park Street.
Don't forget to check the oil level.
I didn't want Tom to come here.
Tom used to do that a lot, didn't he?
Doing that's likely to be dangerous.
I didn't wait for Tom to speak.
Tom used to be on the wrestling team.
Doing that will likely be very easy.
I didn't think Tom would leave.
Tom tried to talk me into doing that.
Doing that likely won't be much fun.
I didn't think Tom wasn't safe.
Tom tried to see if he could do that.
Do your children like to drink milk?
I didn't think Tom was worried.
Tom tried to keep the children quiet.
Do your children go to kindergarten?
I didn't think Tom was nervous.
Tom tried to do that three years ago.
Do you want to go to Boston with us?
I didn't think Tom was jealous.
Tom tried doing that a few weeks ago.
Do you think it'll be cold tomorrow?
I didn't think Tom was at home.
Tom told us he could teach us French.
Do you think doing that would be OK?
I didn't tell Tom I was sleepy.
Tom told us about what happened next.
Do you think I'd be able to do that?
I didn't tell Tom I was hungry.
Tom told me you were able to do that.
Do you still go to Boston sometimes?
I didn't talk about Tom at all.
Tom told me that he's doing that now.
Do you still go skiing every winter?
I didn't recognize Tom's voice.
Tom told me that he'd be cooperative.
Do you really want to do that today?
I didn't realize Tom was tired.
Tom told me that I looked distracted.
Do you really want to do that again?
I didn't open the door for Tom.
Tom told me his job was a lot of fun.
Do you often think about the future?
I didn't like Tom's suggestion.
Tom told me he won't do that anymore.
Do both of you still work in Boston?
I didn't know why Tom was late.
Tom told me I'm being too optimistic.
Do both of you still live in Boston?
I didn't know where Tom worked.
Tom told me I should quit doing that.
Do I have to do that again tomorrow?
I didn't know how to thank Tom.
Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
Didn't you know anything about this?
I didn't know how to reach Tom.
Tom tiptoed so no one would hear him.
Did you know that I used to do that?
I didn't know how sick Tom was.
Tom thought he could help us do that.
Did you have good time at the party?
I didn't know how rich Tom was.
Tom thinks he's a pretty good singer.
Did you have a good time doing that?
I didn't know Tom was your son.
Tom thinks he could probably do that.
Cookie is a good name for a hamster.
I didn't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom takes good care of his customers.
Can you tell me what you want to do?
I didn't buy Tom's explanation.
Tom swore he'd never do that anymore.
Can you tell me what you need to do?
I didn't believe what Tom said.
Tom survived his wife by three years.
Can you tell me what you have to do?
I did what I could to help Tom.
Tom suggested that you don't do that.
Can you tell me what has to be done?
I did that just to impress Tom.
Tom succeeded because he worked hard.
Boston is the city where I was born.
I couldn't tell Tom everything.
Tom substituted margarine for butter.
Boston is the city that I like best.
I certainly hope Tom does that.
Tom studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
Aren't you going to do that with me?
I can't believe Tom is serious.
Tom studied hard and passed the test.
Are you still trying to lose weight?
I can't be much older than Tom.
Tom stuck the broken pieces together.
Are you still determined to do that?
I borrowed some money from Tom.
Tom still likes to do that sometimes.
Are you still be willing to do that?
I ate about as much as Tom did.
Tom still isn't very good at driving.
Are you still be obliged to do that?
I assumed Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom still isn't very good at cooking.
Are you still a part-time carpenter?
I asked Tom to help me do that.
Tom still isn't completely convinced.
Are you interested in going with us?
I already know where Tom works.
Tom still hasn't dug up the potatoes.
Are we supposed to be here tomorrow?
I already know where Tom lives.
Tom still has to do that, doesn't he?
Am I the only one who can't do that?
How often is Tom late for work?
Tom still has many friends in Boston.
"May I do that?" "No, please don't."
How often does Tom play tennis?
Tom still has a house on Park Street.
Your shoes don't fit you very well.
How often does Tom go downtown?
Tom stayed longer than was necessary.
Your plan seems to be the best one.
How often does Tom cook dinner?
Tom stayed in Boston for the weekend.
Your girlfriend is older than mine.
How many times did Tom do that?
Tom stayed at a hotel near the beach.
Your French is getting much better.
How did Tom propose we do that?
Tom started crying when he was fired.
Your French has gotten much better.
How did Tom propose to do that?
Tom started crying when he fell down.
You've studied French, haven't you?
How did Tom propose doing that?
Tom spent three days in the hospital.
You've already had enough to drink.
Even Tom spoke to me in French.
Tom spent the whole weekend studying.
You're too young to go there alone.
Even Tom can understand French.
Tom spent the evening reading a book.
You're too young to buy cigarettes.
Does Tom want to do that today?
Tom spent most of his life in Boston.
You're the stingiest person I know.
Does Tom still want to do that?
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach.
You're the only one here I've told.
Does Tom still need to do that?
Tom spends a lot of time watching TV.
Does Tom still have to do that?
Tom slipped in through the back door.
You're lucky you didn't get killed.
Do you think Tom was satisfied?
Tom slept through the entire concert.
You're a stranger here, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be sick?
Tom shouldn't have needed to do that.
You're a soccer player, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be late?
Tom should've gone to Boston with us.
You're a salesman, too, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be cold?
Tom should've come to Boston with us.
You're a relative of mine, I think.
Do you think Tom might be busy?
Tom should've closed all his windows.
You're a music teacher, aren't you?
Do you think Tom is dependable?
Tom should've chosen a different job.
You're a jazz musician, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom was crying?
Tom should've been with us yesterday.
You're a heavy drinker, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom is unhappy?
Tom should've been irritated by that.
You're a bit conceited, aren't you?
Do you always help Tom do that?
Tom should do that as soon as he can.
You're a Boston native, aren't you?
Didn't you know Tom was lonely?
Tom should be done doing that by now.
You'll have a good time doing that.
Didn't you know Tom was hungry?
Tom should be able to do that easily.
You'll do that tomorrow, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom was asleep?
Tom shot at the tiger, but missed it.
You'll do that sometime, won't you?
Did you talk to Tom last night?
Tom shielded his eyes from the light.
You'll be here tomorrow, won't you?
Did you really say that to Tom?
Tom seems to have found a girlfriend.
You'll be doing that with us later.
Did you know that Tom did that?
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that.
You'll be able to do that, I think.
Did you know Tom would do that?
Tom seems to be reluctant to do that.
You won't really do that, will you?
Tom seems to be doing that very well.
You won't let us do that, will you?
Can Tom be in Boston on Monday?
Tom seems to be an easy-going person.
You won't have a chance to do that.
Ask Tom what he wants to watch.
Tom seems really laid back and happy.
You won't be able to do that alone.
Ask Tom what he wants to drink.
Tom seems aware of what was going on.
Ask Tom if we can speak French.
Tom seems a little busier than usual.
You used to sell shoes, didn't you?
Ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he should do.
You think I can do that, don't you?
Ask Tom if he needs to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he had to do.
You still do that a lot, don't you?
Ask Tom if he can teach French.
Tom seemed surprised when I did that.
You should've let me do that first.
Are you sure Tom will be there?
Tom searched in his bag for a pencil.
You should've done that last night.
"Who's that man?" "That's Tom."
Tom searched his pockets for the key.
You should've been able to do that.
You're a lot younger than Tom.
Tom says there's plenty more to come.
You should go to bed early tonight.
You're a lot shorter than Tom.
Tom says there isn't time to do that.
You should at least try doing that.
You're a bit shorter than Tom.
Tom says the tap water made him sick.
You seemed to be afraid to do that.
You're a bad influence on Tom.
Tom says the heat doesn't bother him.
You seem to be a very good swimmer.
You should get Tom to do that.
Tom says that's a legitimate concern.
You seem to be a reasonable person.
You look a lot older than Tom.
Tom says that he'll do that tomorrow.
You seem more determined than ever.
You hit Tom first, didn't you?
Tom says that he won't do that again.
You refused to do that, didn't you?
You agreed to let Tom do that.
Tom says mosquitoes don't bother him.
You probably won't need to do that.
Will you let Tom go to Boston?
Tom says life is what you make of it.
You probably won't have to do that.
Will Tom go to Boston with us?
Tom says he's considering doing that.
You never should've gone to Boston.
Why would Tom have to do that?
Tom says he's been fired three times.
You need to show me how to do that.
Why were you and Tom fighting?
Tom says he'll still be here at 2:30.
You need to pay your bills on time.
Why should Tom stay in Boston?
Tom says he wouldn't want to do that.
You need to do that sometime today.
Why should I be afraid of Tom?
Tom says he won't do that by himself.
You must write the essay in French.
Why should I apologize to Tom?
Tom says he won't ask you to do that.
You might get fired if you do that.
Why isn't Tom going to Boston?
Tom says he thought he could do that.
You may get injured if you do that.
Who told you Tom spoke French?
Tom says he thinks he has to do that.
You may even have to do that again.
Where does Tom stay in Boston?
Tom says he likes this kind of music.
You look the same as you always do.
Where do you think Tom is now?
Tom says he isn't worried about that.
You look nothing like your brother.
Where did you and Tom do that?
Tom says he hasn't slept in hours.
You look more determined than ever.
When did you do that with Tom?
Tom says he has always loved history.
You look funny wearing those shoes.
What Tom said isn't 100% true.
Tom says he doesn't like his new job.
You look as if you've seen a ghost.
What Tom is doing is annoying.
Tom says he doesn't enjoy doing that.
You live here in Boston, don't you?
We're waiting for Tom to come.
Tom says he definitely won't do that.
We weren't in Boston with Tom.
Tom says everything's back to normal.
You have to show me how to do that.
We hid from Tom in the garage.
Tom says all that doesn't bother him.
You have to do that sometime today.
We don't have to wait for Tom.
Tom says Boston is his favorite city.
You have a lot of books, don't you?
Warn Tom not to do that today.
Tom saw what happened from his porch.
You forgot to remind me to do that.
Warn Tom not to do that again.
Tom said you need to be more careful.
You don't seem to enjoy doing that.
Those aren't Tom's sunglasses.
Tom said you just have to be patient.
You don't really live here, do you?
This picture was drawn by Tom.
Tom said you have to be more careful.
You don't look like you're worried.
They pay Tom a lot to do that.
Tom said those accusations are false.
You don't look like you're pleased.
These aren't Tom's sunglasses.
Tom said the smell didn't bother him.
You don't look like you're nervous.
The way Tom did that was nice.
Tom said the plan wasn't good enough.
You don't have to do that tomorrow.
The way Tom did that was good.
Tom said the picnic was a lot of fun.
You do that a lot better than I do.
The only nice guy here is Tom.
Tom said the noise didn't bother him.
You didn't seem to want to do that.
The only Canadian here is Tom.
Tom said the economy is in bad shape.
You didn't really do that, did you?
Tell Tom to close the windows.
Tom said that's what he wants to eat.
You did that yesterday, didn't you?
Tell Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that's what he wants to buy.
You did that very fast, didn't you?
Stay here until Tom gets back.
Tom said that's not likely to happen.
You did that in school, didn't you?
Shouldn't we help Tom do that?
Tom said that's far from good enough.
You can't do that, either, can you?
Should we tell Tom to do that?
Tom said that would be too expensive.
You can't do that without a permit.
Please tell Tom to be quieter.
Tom said that wasn't why he did that.
You can help us do that, can't you?
Please don't do that with Tom.
Tom said that wasn't the real reason.
You can do that now if you want to.
Perhaps Tom will do that, too.
Tom said that the smoke bothered him.
You apparently should've done that.
Perhaps Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said that the smell bothered him.
Would you want to be in Boston now?
Perhaps Tom is doing that now.
Tom said that the noise bothered him.
Would you tell me how you did that?
Perhaps Tom doesn't drink tea.
Tom said that it would probably snow.
Would you mind lending me a pencil?
Most likely Tom won't do that.
Tom said that it would probably rain.
Would you mind getting that for me?
Maybe we can buy that for Tom.
Tom said that he won't do that again.
Would you like to go there with me?
Maybe Tom should study French.
Tom said that he wasn't feeling well.
Would you explain how you did that?
Maybe Tom has to do that, too.
Tom said that he was prepared to die.
Would you ever consider doing that?
Let's get Tom to do that for you.
Tom said that he intended to do that.
Would you be able to do that today?
Let Tom eat whatever he wants.
Tom said that he did that by himself.
Would it be OK if I did that today?
Let Tom eat anything he wants.
Tom said that could happen next week.
Will you really be able to do that?
Let Tom buy whatever he wants.
Tom said some things wouldn't change.
Will you do that here or in Boston?
Let Tom buy anything he wants.
Tom said it was very easy to do that.
Will you be doing that by yourself?
It's a pity that Tom did that.
Tom said it was the other way around.
Will you be able to do that for us?
It was rude of Tom to do that.
Tom said it was a good time to leave.
Why don't you want to go to Boston?
Is Tom really still a student?
Tom said it didn't bother him at all.
Why don't you to do that right now?
If Tom does that, let me know.
Tom said his team would probably win.
Who'll be at the meeting next week?
I've persuaded Tom to do that.
Tom said his parents have been there.
Who told you you needed to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be nervous.
Tom said his new suit cost him a lot.
Who does this motorcycle belong to?
I'm sure Tom will be stubborn.
Tom said his new boat cost him a lot.
Who did you receive that book from?
I'm sure Tom will be sensible.
Tom said he's seen people doing that.
Where will you be tomorrow evening?
I'm sure Tom will be punished.
Tom said he's noticed the difference.
When will you return my book to me?
I'm sure Tom will be punctual.
Tom said he's immune to that disease.
When do you plan to come to Boston?
I'm sure Tom will be prepared.
Tom said he's glad you could do that.
Whatever you may say, I'll do that.
I'm sure Tom will be confused.
Tom said he's aware of the situation.
What's your favorite kind of pizza?
I'm sure Tom will be arrested.
Tom said he's always lived in Boston.
What time was it that you did that?
I'm sure Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he's always been an athlete.
What do you usually do after lunch?
I'm sorry that I made Tom cry.
Tom said he'd think about doing that.
What colors do you most often wear?
I'm positive Tom will do that.
Tom said he'd probably do that today.
What are some of the main features?
I'm convinced Tom can do that.
Tom said he'd prefer to stay at home.
Weren't you going to do that today?
I'd never speak French to Tom.
Tom said he'd like to live in Boston.
Were you in Boston for a long time?
I wonder what Tom needs to do.
Tom said he'd help us any way he can.
We've decided not to do that again.
I wonder if Tom will be early.
Tom said he'd be thrilled to do that.
We're not living in Boston anymore.
I wonder if Tom was surprised.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that.
We won't be in Boston until Monday.
I wonder if Tom is suspicious.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that.
We stayed in Boston for three days.
I wonder if Tom is prejudiced.
Tom said he wouldn't do that anymore.
We lived in Boston for a few years.
I wonder if Tom is interested.
Tom said he won't ever do that again.
We hope you'll be back in Boston soon.
I wonder if Tom is illiterate.
Tom said he won't attend the meeting.
We have to stay in Boston all week.
I wonder if Tom is going deaf.
Tom said he wished you would do that.
We got married and moved to Boston.
I wonder if Tom is frightened.
Tom said he wished you could do that.
We don't have to do that every day.
I wonder if Tom is feeling OK.
Tom said he wasn't going to be there.
We don't come to Boston very often.
I wonder if Tom is downstairs.
Tom said he was trying to stay awake.
We do that every day in the summer.
I wonder if Tom is dependable.
Tom said he was trying to be careful.
We didn't know where we were going.
I wonder if Tom is colorblind.
Tom said he was too young to do that.
We can't just ignore the situation.
I wonder if Tom has done that.
Tom said he was too tired to do that.
Was it yesterday that you did that?
I wonder if Tom has been hurt.
Tom said he was too drunk to do that.
Too bad we weren't able to do that.
I won't speak French with Tom.
Tom said he was the one who did that.
I won't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he was delighted to do that.
This isn't a good place to do that.
I won't make Tom study French.
Tom said he was asked not to do that.
This dessert should be served cold.
I won't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said he wants to be an architect.
There's no more oxygen in the tank.
I wish that Tom would do that.
Tom said he wanted to be cooperative.
There's enough time to do that now.
I wish I hadn't yelled at Tom.
Tom said he thought he could help us.
There are plenty things left to do.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that.
Tom said he thought he could do that.
The past three days have been hard.
I wasn't expecting Tom's help.
Tom said he thinks his team will win.
The past three days have been cold.
I wasn't able to convince Tom.
Tom said he sold his house last week.
The last three days have been hard.
I was going to call Tom later.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that.
The last three days have been cold.
I want to be friends with Tom.
Tom said he really didn't understand.
The edge of that teacup is chipped.
I want Tom to help me do that.
Tom said he now regrets his decision.
That's the reason I didn't do that.
I told Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said he never felt in any danger.
That's not what people normally do.
I told Tom to quit doing that.
Tom said he needs to call the police.
That's a really stupid thing to do.
I told Tom I'd be coming back.
Tom said he needed to get more sleep.
That was the first time I did that.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that.
Tom said he knew this day would come.
That simply doesn't any make sense.
I thought Tom would be sleepy.
Tom said he knew both of the victims.
That seems like a real possibility.
I thought Tom would be scared.
Tom said he isn't worried about that.
Thanks for reminding me to do that.
I thought Tom would be lonely.
Tom said he himself was an alcoholic.
Please do that as soon as possible.
I thought Tom would be grumpy.
Tom said he has to borrow some money.
Perhaps there's no need to do that.
I thought Tom would be afraid.
Tom said he had the right to do that.
Only adults are allowed to do that.
I thought Tom would be absent.
Tom said he had the day off tomorrow.
No two people do that the same way.
I thought Tom was your cousin.
Tom said he figured he could do that.
My wife and I both want to do that.
I thought Tom was unimpressed.
Tom said he doesn't feel like a hero.
My passport will expire in October.
I thought Tom was embarrassed.
Tom said he doesn't enjoy doing that.
My parents have just thrown me out.
I thought Tom was discouraged.
Tom said he doesn't eat pork anymore.
My name was at the top of the list.
I thought Tom was cooperative.
Tom said he doesn't eat meat anymore.
My last day of work will be Monday.
I thought Tom was a carpenter.
Tom said he didn't know who did that.
My house was bombed during the war.
I thought Tom seemed confused.
Tom said he didn't have a girlfriend.
My house isn't very well insulated.
I thought Tom didn't like you.
Tom said he didn't feel like dancing.
My house is just around the corner.
I think Tom would be truthful.
Tom said he didn't do that yesterday.
My boss is a thirty-year-old woman.
I think Tom would be prepared.
Tom said he almost forgot to do that.
My apartment is on the third floor.
I think Tom won't be punctual.
Tom said donors may remain anonymous.
Monday will probably be a cold day.
I think Tom will visit Boston.
Tom said doing that was a lot of fun.
Monday will probably be a busy day.
I think Tom will go to Boston.
Tom said I looked a little skeptical.
Men and women do that the same way.
I think Tom will be suspended.
Tom said I have to do that by Monday.
Luckily, we have an emergency fund.
I think Tom will be surprised.
Tom retired from the company in 2013.
Let's wait until Monday to do that.
I think Tom will be impressed.
Tom regrets that he couldn't do that.
Let's go to a movie tomorrow night.
I think Tom will be back soon.
Tom refused to give me what I wanted.
Let's eat lunch earlier than usual.
I think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom really played exceptionally well.
Let's do that together after lunch.
I think Tom needed to do that.
Tom really is good a sport, isn't he?
It's very noisy here in the summer.
I think Tom is waiting for me.
Tom really has to do that right away.
It's quite possible that'll happen.
I think Tom is self-conscious.
Tom realizes that there's still hope.
It's nice to be alone for a change.
I think Tom is retired by now.
Tom raised three children by himself.
It's OK if you do that before I do.
I think Tom is about to leave.
Tom quite often does that by himself.
It'll take me a long time to do that.
I think Tom didn't believe me.
Tom promised me he'd teach me French.
It'll probably be tough to do that.
I think Tom can do that today.
Tom probably won't make any mistakes.
It'll probably be cheap to do that.
I think I'll buy that for Tom.
Tom probably won't come to the party.
It wouldn't be safe to do that now.
I sure hope Tom visits Boston.
Tom probably won't be back by Monday.
It wouldn't be much fun to do that.
I still haven't talked to Tom.
Tom probably shouldn't do that today.
It wouldn't be easy to do that now.
I still have feelings for Tom.
Tom probably isn't going to be there.
It would've been unsafe to do that.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that.
It would've been tiring to do that.
I should've been nicer to Tom.
Tom probably doesn't need to do that.
It would've been stupid to do that.
I should've apologized to Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know where I am.
It would be wrong to do that again.
I should tell Tom what to buy.
Tom probably doesn't have to do that.
It would be stupid to do that here.
I pretended I didn't know Tom.
Tom probably doesn't do that anymore.
It would be smart to do that again.
I need to tell Tom what to do.
Tom pricked his finger with a needle.
It would be silly to do that again.
I need to tell Tom to do that.
Tom pretty much always stays as home.
It would be great to see you again.
I know why Tom went to Boston.
Tom plans to go to college next fall.
It would be foolish to do that now.
I know why Tom studied French.
Tom plans to be back on October 20th.
It would be easy for us to do that.
I know why Tom should do that.
Tom picked a pencil up off the floor.
It would be better if you did that.
I know why Tom has to do that.
Tom permitted me to use his computer.
It would be a good idea to do that.
I know why Tom had to do that.
Tom passed away unexpectedly in 2013.
It won't be easy to find a job now.
I know why Tom got suspicious.
Tom opened his eyes and smiled at me.
It was raining yesterday afternoon.
I know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom opened his eyes and looked at me.
It sounds like you want to do that.
I know why Tom came to Boston.
Tom only does that because he has to.
It doesn't matter what you may say.
I know what time Tom got home.
Tom often does that in the afternoon.
It doesn't look like you're sleepy.
I know the way to Tom's house.
Tom often does that in his free time.
It doesn't look like you're lonely.
I know that Tom won't do that.
Tom often complains about mosquitoes.
Isn't there a safer way to do that?
I know that Tom was surprised.
Tom obviously doesn't need the money.
Is the elevator still out of order?
I know that Tom is unfriendly.
Tom noticed that the doors were open.
Is it true that you didn't do that?
I know that Tom is suspicious.
Tom never had chicken pox as a child.
If you're thirsty, drink something.
I know that Tom is successful.
Tom never complained about the smell.
I've taught French for three years.
I know that Tom is ridiculous.
Tom never commented on the situation.
I've never seen you do that before.
I know that Tom is prejudiced.
Tom needs to do something about that.
I've had no chance to visit Boston.
I know that Tom is photogenic.
Tom needs to be aware of the dangers.
I've been working for minimum wage.
I know that Tom is persuasive.
Tom needs surgery on his left foot.
I've been told not do that anymore.
I know that Tom is overweight.
Tom needed to find someplace to live.
I've been coughing since yesterday.
I know that Tom is optimistic.
Tom must've been hesitant to do that.
I've already done what I had to do.
I know that Tom is interested.
Tom might even have to do that again.
I'm too young to apply for the job.
I know that Tom is infuriated.
Tom might be excused from doing that.
I'm three thousand dollars in debt.
I know that Tom is illiterate.
Tom may do that again if he wants to.
I'm thinking about getting married.
I know that Tom is frustrated.
Tom makes a lot of spelling mistakes.
I'm the worst student in the class.
I know that Tom is frightened.
Tom made up his mind to go to Boston.
I'm the only person here right now.
I know that Tom is downstairs.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry.
I'm the only one with a flashlight.
I know that Tom is dependable.
Tom looked like he wasn't having fun.
I'm the only one who can't do that.
I know that Tom is delusional.
Tom looked as if he had seen a ghost.
I'm still not very good at driving.
I know that Tom is courageous.
Tom lived most of his life in Boston.
I'm still not very good at cooking.
I know that Tom is colorblind.
Tom likes barbecuing with his family.
I'm still living at the same place.
I know that Tom has been hurt.
Tom let his hamster out of its cage.
I'm really sorry for what happened.
I know a great deal about Tom.
Tom learned how to do that last year.
I'm really glad that didn't happen.
I know Tom will never do that.
Tom later apologized for his remarks.
I'm obviously not going to do that.
I knew that Tom would do that.
Tom knows what to expect around here.
I'm not as young as you think I am.
I knew that Tom had done that.
Tom knows that won't happen in a day.
I'm not afraid of anything anymore.
I knew that Tom could do that.
Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I'm hoping to sell my car for $300.
I hope that Tom won't do that.
Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I'm going to lie down for a moment.
I hope Tom refuses to do that.
Tom knows how to eat with chopsticks.
I'm glad I had a chance to do that.
I hope Tom knows who did that.
Tom knows all about being humiliated.
I'm at home every Monday afternoon.
I hope Tom is unfazed by that.
Tom knew how to handle the situation.
I'm a lot happier since my divorce.
I hope Tom doesn't get sleepy.
Tom knew he no longer had to do that.
I'll do whatever you need me to do.
I hope Tom doesn't get scared.
Tom knew he didn't have long to live.
I'll do that as soon as I get home.
I helped Tom with the laundry.
Tom kept quiet while we were talking.
I'll be the one who has to do that.
I helped Tom wash the windows.
Tom just wants to be like his father.
I'll be in Boston next Monday, too.
I helped Tom up off the floor.
Tom just told me about what happened.
I'd rather do that some other time.
I helped Tom unload the truck.
Tom isn't willing to do that anymore.
I'd rather be doing something else.
I helped Tom start over again.
Tom isn't the one who has to do that.
I'd never try to do that on my own.
I helped Tom put his shoes on.
Tom isn't old enough to travel alone.
I'd never try to do that by myself.
I helped Tom out of the canoe.
Tom isn't likely to be punished.
I helped Tom escape from jail.
Tom isn't likely to be prepared.
I'd like you to do that right away.
Tom isn't likely to be confused.
I'd get into trouble if I did that.
I heard that Tom will do that.
Tom isn't likely to be careless.
I'd do that tomorrow if I were you.
I doubt that Tom will be home.
Tom isn't likely to be arrested.
I'd be embarrassed to do that here.
I doubt if Tom will be unfair.
Tom isn't flexible enough to do that.
I'd be afraid to do that by myself.
I doubt if Tom will be sleepy.
Tom isn't as rich as you think he is.
I would've done that if I could've.
I doubt if Tom will be scared.
Tom isn't able to do that by himself.
I would be glad to do that for you.
I doubt if Tom will be lonely.
Tom isn't a very good French teacher.
I wonder what's causing that sound.
I doubt if Tom will be afraid.
Tom is worried that he might be late.
I wonder if it's safe to camp here.
I doubt if Tom will be absent.
Tom is very unlikely to ever do that.
I wonder if doing that would be OK.
I doubt Tom will visit Boston.
Tom is very sure he needs to do that.
I won't permit you guys to do that.
I doubt Tom will go to Boston.
Tom is very interested in doing that.
I won't need to cancel my vacation.
I don't work with Tom anymore.
Tom is very good at parallel parking.
I won't help you do that right now.
I don't want to work with Tom.
Tom is usually the first to get here.
I won't have to cancel my vacation.
I don't want to talk with Tom.
Tom is usually the first to complain.
I won't do that unless you help me.
I don't want to live with Tom.
Tom is usually free in the afternoon.
I won't do that if I don't have to.
I don't want to embarrass Tom.
Tom is too overweight to do that now.
I won't charge you much to do that.
I don't want to be around Tom.
Tom is too frightened to do that now.
I won't be the last one to do that.
I don't want Tom to come here.
Tom is the shortest boy in the class.
I won't be studying French tonight.
I don't think Tom wants to go.
Tom is the shortest boy in our class.
I won't be in the office on Monday.
I don't think Tom is ticklish.
Tom is the person who has to do that.
I won't be allowed to do that here.
I don't think Tom is reliable.
Tom is the owner of this golf course.
I won't be able to do that tonight.
I don't think Tom is prepared.
Tom is the only one here over thirty.
I wish we had more time to do this.
I don't think Tom is mistaken.
Tom is the only man on the committee.
I wish I'd bought flowers for Mary.
I don't think Tom is homesick.
Tom is the only guy I've ever kissed.
I wish I hadn't been in that fight.
I don't think Tom is handsome.
Tom is the one who wanted to do that.
I wish I had the chance to do that.
I don't think Tom is friendly.
Tom is the one who needed to do that.
I wish I could go outside and play.
I don't think Tom is finished.
Tom is the one I want to talk to now.
I wasn't the one who told you that.
I don't think Tom is divorced.
Tom is the oldest member of the band.
I wasn't healthy enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is confused.
Tom is the man you met the other day.
I wasn't given a chance to do that.
I don't think Tom is careless.
Tom is the friendliest person I know.
I wasn't able to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom is busy now.
Tom is the chairman of the committee.
I wasn't able to do that very well.
I don't think I surprised Tom.
Tom is the best student in the class.
I wasn't able to convince everyone.
I don't think I can trust Tom.
Tom is supposed to do that on Monday.
I was beaten while I was in prison.
I don't like Tom's girlfriend.
Tom is supposed to do that next week.
I was afraid to go there by myself.
I don't know why Tom was late.
Tom is supposed to be doing that now.
I wanted to see if I could do that.
I don't know why Tom is upset.
Tom is suffering from loss of memory.
I wanted to know why that happened.
I don't know why Tom is tired.
Tom is still not finished doing that.
I want you to know that I did that.
I don't know why Tom is angry.
Tom is still learning how to do that.
I want to see what's in the drawer.
I don't know where Tom is now.
Tom is still incapable of doing that.
I want to pay back the money I owe.
I don't know what Tom will do.
Tom is still considering his options.
I want to move into a bigger house.
I don't know how Tom did that.
Tom is still a taxi driver in Boston.
I want to live close to the campus.
I don't care why Tom did that.
Tom is someone who likes a challenge.
I want to know when you'll be here.
I don't care about Tom's past.
Tom is someone I'm going to remember.
I want to go to the beach with you.
I don't agree with Tom at all.
Tom is so much like I was at his age.
I want to continue working for you.
I didn't want to sit with Tom.
Tom is shivering because of the cold.
I want to borrow your car tomorrow.
I didn't want Tom to find out.
Tom is reluctant to do that for free.
I want to be in Boston next Monday.
I didn't want Tom to be alone.
Tom is recovering from a knee injury.
I used margarine instead of butter.
I didn't think Tom was sleepy.
Tom is reading a book in the library.
I told you I wanted to go with you.
I didn't think Tom was scared.
Tom is probably not going to survive.
I thought you did that really well.
I didn't think Tom was lonely.
Tom is probably not going to make it.
I thought you did that fairly well.
I didn't think Tom was hungry.
Tom is probably not going to do that.
I thought I'd be busier than I was.
I didn't think Tom was asleep.
Tom is probably doing that right now.
I thought I didn't need to do that.
I didn't think Tom was afraid.
Tom is possibly doing that right now.
I thought I didn't have to do that.
I didn't think Tom was absent.
Tom is pleased with the improvements.
I think it's unwise to do that now.
I didn't tell Tom I'd do that.
Tom is one of the richest men I know.
I think it's raining in Boston now.
I didn't tell Tom I was tired.
Tom is one of the fattest men I know.
I think I've made the wrong choice.
I didn't tell Tom I was sorry.
Tom is often the first one to arrive.
I think I've made the right choice.
I didn't realize Tom was busy.
Tom is looking forward to being here.
I think I shouldn't have done that.
I didn't promise Tom anything.
Tom is likely to still be unemployed.
I think I could do that if I tried.
I didn't let Tom sing with us.
Tom is likely to still be suspicious.
I swear I won't ever do that again.
I didn't let Tom pay the bill.
Tom is likely to still be interested.
I suppose I could buy that for you.
I didn't let Tom drive my car.
Tom is likely to still be handcuffed.
I still need to pay the phone bill.
I didn't laugh at Tom's jokes.
Tom is likely to still be frightened.
I still haven't learned to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was sad.
Tom is likely to still be downstairs.
I still don't feel like doing that.
I didn't know where Tom lived.
Tom is likely go to Boston next week.
I shouldn't have needed to do that.
I didn't know what Tom wanted.
Tom is in the kitchen preparing food.
I should be able to do that easily.
I didn't know how to help Tom.
Tom is in the kitchen making a salad.
I shot and killed all three wolves.
I didn't know Tom was so rich.
Tom is hesitant to refuse to do that.
I seldom have to do that by myself.
I didn't know Tom was retired.
Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I said I wasn't willing to do that.
I didn't know Tom knew French.
Tom is hardly ever at home on Monday.
I regretted my decision to do that.
I didn't have to wait for Tom.
Tom is good at making people do that.
I plan to visit Boston next summer.
I didn't give Tom any details.
Tom is going out to buy what we need.
I never dreamed of doing that here.
I didn't cry at Tom's funeral.
Tom is going back to Boston tomorrow.
I need to finish what I've started.
I didn't call Tom from Boston.
Tom is getting angrier by the second.
I need to find some way to do that.
I didn't buy anything for Tom.
Tom is fortunate to still have a job.
I need to find a higher paying job.
I didn't attend Tom's funeral.
Tom is finally able to do that again.
I need to do that before I go home.
I didn't ask Tom for anything.
Tom is expected to do that on Monday.
I need to buy a pair of sunglasses.
I didn't allow Tom to do that.
Tom is eligible for parole next year.
I need some money so I can do that.
I didn't accept Tom's apology.
Tom is doing his best to change that.
I might study French next semester.
I did that with Tom yesterday.
Tom is different from the rest of us.
I might not teach French next year.
Tom is different from his classmates.
I may not stay very long in Boston.
I can stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom is devoted to his three children.
I may not be in Boston much longer.
I can prove that Tom did that.
Tom is definitely not doing that now.
I learned how to do that on Monday.
I can do that faster than Tom.
Tom is currently out of jail on bond.
I learned how to do that last week.
I bet it was Tom who did that.
Tom is coming to Australia next week.
I learned how to do that in Boston.
How long has Tom been in jail?
Tom is by nature a very quiet person.
I know you aren't going to do that.
Has Tom ever worked in Boston?
Tom is bound to pass the examination.
I know why I'm supposed to do that.
Does Tom have to study French?
Tom is both intelligent and handsome.
I know almost nothing about Boston.
Does Tom come to Boston often?
Tom is being treated at the hospital.
I know a lot about classical music.
Do you think Tom is conceited?
Tom is being held in the county jail.
I know I'm not supposed to do that.
Do you still do that with Tom?
Tom is at a museum with some friends.
I know I shouldn't do that anymore.
Do you know why Tom is crying?
Tom is an important part of the team.
I know I have to help you tomorrow.
Didn't you know Tom was tired?
Tom is always biting his fingernails.
I knew we should've gone to Boston.
Did you visit Boston with Tom?
Tom is always asking silly questions.
I knew I might not need to do that.
Did you remind Tom to do that?
Tom is already looking forward to it.
I knew I might not have to do that.
Did you know Tom was sleeping?
Tom is afraid of getting lung cancer.
I keep on making the same mistakes.
Did you forge Tom's signature?
Tom is actually doing that right now.
I intend to do that again tomorrow.
Did you ever do that with Tom?
Tom is accustomed to staying up late.
I intend to be doing that tomorrow.
Did Tom visit Boston with you?
Tom is able to speak three languages.
I hope you don't forget to do that.
Did Tom say when he'd be here?
Tom is able to do that with one hand.
I hope you didn't tell anyone else.
Did Tom say he'd visit Boston?
Tom is a very family-oriented person.
I hope to visit Boston next summer.
Did Tom say he'd go to Boston?
Tom is a really good football player.
I hope I get the chance to do that.
Did Tom say he went to Boston?
Tom is a professional cake decorator.
I helped myself to a cup of coffee.
Did Tom go to Boston with you?
Tom is a college football player now.
I helped an old man cross the road.
Did Tom agree to go to Boston?
Tom is a better cook than his mother.
I haven't yet attempted to do that.
When Tom asked Mary what she was planning to do on Monday evening, she said she'd be cleaning her room.
Tom invited us to his birthday party.
I haven't done that very many times yet.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did.
Tom insisted that we do that for him.
I have to do that before I go home.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to go swimming unless John goes swimming with her.
Tom initially said he wasn't nervous.
I have no intentions of doing that.
Tom wanted to show Mary how to do that, so next time she could do it and he wouldn't have to.
Tom hurt his elbow when he fell down.
I have a degree in music education.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hurt himself while playing rugby.
I had a headache yesterday morning.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hopes to be a biochemist someday.
I grabbed the rope with both hands.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hoped to get a chance to do that.
I found out who broke your windows.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school last Monday, so he was surprised when he saw her.
Tom holds an MBA degree from Harvard.
I expect you to do that right away.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that while his parents were away.
Tom held out his hand and I shook it.
I don't yet know what I need to do.
Tom got out of his car, walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for Mary.
Tom hasn't told us what he has to do.
I don't yet know what I have to do.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston very long.
I don't wear pajamas in the summer.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom hasn't hit a home run all season.
I don't watch TV very much anymore.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hasn't done that since last year.
I don't want you to do that for me.
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in French, thinking I couldn't understand them.
Tom hasn't done that in three months.
I don't want to waste time arguing.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom hasn't done that for a long time.
I don't want to talk to you either.
You should probably tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom hasn't complained about that yet.
I don't want to play outside today.
When Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go out on Monday evening, she said she'd be busy.
Tom hasn't commented on the incident.
I don't want to leave empty-handed.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that while his parents are away.
Tom hasn't been home in three months.
I don't want to go there by myself.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that unless John does it with her.
Tom hasn't been getting enough sleep.
I don't want to get my clothes wet.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom hasn't been charged with a crime.
I don't want to get into the water.
Tom says he knows Mary won't want to go sailing unless he goes sailing with her.
Tom hasn't been accused of any crime.
I don't want to do that right away.
Tom said Mary was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom hasn't accomplished anything yet.
I don't want to do that after dark.
Tom probably doesn't know where John and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom has written many articles for us.
I don't usually need to use a cane.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that unless John does it with her.
Tom has won three games and lost one.
I don't think we can pull that off.
I should probably tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has visited Boston several times.
I don't think this makes any sense.
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom has until October 20th to decide.
I don't think that'll happen today.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
I don't think that really happened.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in going to the zoo with you and the children.
Tom has told me not to do that again.
I don't think enough is being done.
Tom says he didn't know Mary thought it would be a good idea to help John do that.
Tom has to figure out how to do that.
I don't think I'm ready to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom has survived three heart attacks.
I don't think I'll need to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do anything with Mary.
Tom has started taking salsa lessons.
I don't think I'll do that anymore.
I didn't want Tom to say anything to Mary about seeing John kissing another woman.
Tom has spent thirty years in prison.
I don't think I did anything wrong.
Tom should tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom has spent some time in Australia.
I don't think I could've done that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
Tom has probably arrived home by now.
I don't really want to go with you.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
Tom has postponed his trip to Boston.
I don't really want to do that now.
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that, did you?
Tom has parties almost every weekend.
I don't really know how to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should make herself a couple of sandwiches.
Tom has only a few friends in Boston.
I don't really have to do that now.
Tom told Mary that she should stop telling everyone that she could speak French.
Tom has never had a cold in his life.
I don't really enjoy swimming laps.
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last weekend, but he was actually in Chicago.
Tom has never been on a plane before.
I don't play basketball on Mondays.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that ever since she was a little girl.
Tom has never been in trouble before.
I don't need to use a cane anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that until he turned eighteen.
Tom has never been afraid to do that.
I don't need to do this right away.
Tom says he knows Mary will need to pay a lot more than she's expecting to pay.
Tom has never actually taught French.
I don't need to do that right away.
Tom said he thought Mary would need at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom has lied to me many times before.
I don't need to come here tomorrow.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that the next time he travels.
Tom has led a pretty uneventful life.
I don't listen to music very often.
Tom looked at the sports car Mary was selling and immediately wanted to buy it.
Tom has kept a diary for three years.
I don't like working in the garden.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
Tom has just started learning French.
I don't like to get my hands dirty.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Tom has just returned from Australia.
I don't like these kinds of things.
Tom should tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom has just had an a very good year.
I don't like sleeping in a hammock.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom has hired a private investigator.
I don't like cleaning the bathroom.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have told John that she'd spent three years in prison.
Tom has helped people his whole life.
I don't know why I need to do that.
Tom has already told Mary to do that three times and she still hasn't done it.
Tom has had surgery on his right leg.
I don't know why I have to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be amused by the story John was going to tell her.
Tom has grown a lot in the last year.
I don't know who started the rumor.
Tom did what Mary asked him to do, but he didn't do what John asked him to do.
Tom has gone back to Boston for good.
I don't know where my car keys are.
You should tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has enough time to do that today.
I don't know what I need to do yet.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has done what we asked him to do.
I don't know what I have to do yet.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom has done everything right so far.
I don't know if that's true or not.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom has definitely been very unlucky.
I don't know how to play the piano.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
Tom has decided to go back to Boston.
I don't know how to cook very well.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary not to tell her parents about the accident.
Tom has climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I don't know how that could happen.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to help Alice do that.
I don't know how deep this lake is.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know Mary was making a lot more money than he was.
Tom has been with us for a long time.
I don't know anyone at your school.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom has been to Australia many times.
I don't know a lot about Australia.
I hope Tom doesn't say anything to Mary about seeing John with another woman.
Tom has been through all this before.
I don't intend to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we need to ask Mary to help him.
Tom has been suspended from the team.
I don't have to go there by myself.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we have to ask Mary to help him.
Tom has been retired for three years.
I don't have to do this right away.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom has been punished for doing that.
I don't have to do that right away.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful the next time she did that.
Tom has been learning how to do that.
I don't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom thought he should say something to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom has been known to do such things.
I don't have the energy to do that.
Tom said he kept asking Mary to help, but she just kept saying she wouldn't.
Tom has been injured three times this year.
I don't have the courage to say no.
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that until John had time to help him.
Tom has been incarcerated since 2013.
I don't have permission to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know where John and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom has been in prison since October.
I don't have experience doing that.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom has been in Boston since October.
I don't have everything I want yet.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in anything at John's garage sale.
Tom has been having trouble sleeping.
I don't have enough experience yet.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom has been doing that all his life.
I don't have anything I need to do.
I think Tom would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to b here.
Tom has been diagnosed with leukemia.
I don't have anything I have to do.
I think Tom would be worried if Mary didn't get home by 2:in the morning.
Tom has been busy since this morning.
I don't have any chance of winning.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom has been arrested more than once.
I don't have a high school diploma.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
Tom has been arrested for doing that.
I don't feel up to going out today.
Tom would come to Boston with Mary if he didn't have to work all next week.
Tom has become a successful reporter.
I don't do that very often anymore.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't go to Boston unless he went with her.
Tom has at least three hundred books.
I don't care what happens tomorrow.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom has always loved watching sports.
I don't care if you do that or not.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that in the near future.
Tom has always been tall for his age.
I didn't want you to do that again.
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that if she did it with him.
Tom has always been good at baseball.
I didn't want to stay home all day.
Tom realized Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that if he didn't help her.
Tom has also spent time in Australia.
I didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom has also expressed similar ideas.
I didn't want to do that on my own.
Tom couldn't see Mary, but he could hear her washing dishes in the kitchen.
Tom has already bought what he wants.
I didn't want to do that by myself.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tom has already bought what he needs.
I didn't want to attract attention.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tom has already been here once today.
I should tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has almost as much money as I do.
I didn't want that to happen again.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has all day to finish doing that.
I didn't want anyone to talk to me.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has about as many stamps as I do.
I didn't understand how to do that.
Tom has a tendency to be pessimistic.
I didn't think you'd like the idea.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job and find another one.
Tom has a really good sense of humor.
I didn't think you'd be so annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom has a lot more books than you do.
I didn't think you'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom has a large house and three cars.
I didn't think I'd be back so soon.
Tom should've pretended to be frightened by Mary in her Halloween costume.
Tom has a history of mental problems.
I didn't think I needed to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom has a commercial pilot's license.
I didn't think I needed protection.
Tom says he knows Mary won't want to do that unless he does that with her.
Tom has a bicycle just like that one.
I didn't stand a chance of winning.
Tom says he knows Mary could do that if she would only put her mind to it.
Tom has a basket full of blueberries.
I didn't really have to do a thing.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom has a background in construction.
I didn't really feel like swimming.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom has a T-shirt just like that one.
I didn't really feel like studying.
Tom said Mary wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing with us.
Tom hardly did that at all yesterday.
I didn't really care what happened.
Tom said Mary is probably still the one responsible for getting that done.
Tom had planned to do that yesterday.
I didn't realize what was going on.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom had his appendix removed in 2013.
I didn't play in the first quarter.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom had all day to finish doing that.
I didn't plan on talking to anyone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom had a very tough time doing that.
I didn't need to get here so early.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom had a piece of paper in his hand.
I didn't need to do that yesterday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom had a lot to do with the project.
I didn't like that movie very much.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to not say anything about what happened.
Tom had a lot of things he had to do.
I didn't know why that's happening.
Tom and his three sons went on a picnic with Mary and her three daughters.
Tom had a hard time making ends meet.
I didn't know which button to push.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to persuade John to do that.
Tom grew up in a very wealthy family.
I didn't know where to park my car.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom grew a beard to look more mature.
I didn't know what the problem was.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom greeted his visitors at the door.
I didn't know what else I could do.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were dating each other until John told me.
Tom grasped the rope with both hands.
I didn't know how I should do that.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
Tom graduated from college last year.
I didn't know Mary was your sister.
Tom told Mary that she had to be more careful the next time she did that.
Tom got very angry with his children.
I didn't know I was being followed.
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be careful not to make John angry.
Tom gave me exactly what I asked for.
I didn't hear my name being called.
Tom seemed to know that Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom found it hard to stay optimistic.
I didn't have to do that yesterday.
Tom said he thought Mary would need at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom flirts with every woman he meets.
I didn't have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom finished doing that very quickly.
I didn't have the nerve to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that if she did it with him.
Tom faces years to life in prison.
I didn't have enough money for gas.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that after his birthday.
Tom expected us to do that yesterday.
I didn't have anything I had to do.
Tom knew that Mary had told everyone she was going to file for a divorce.
Tom eventually gave up and went home.
I didn't go to Boston last weekend.
Tom knew he should say something to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom emptied the box of it's contents.
I didn't get up early this morning.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom earned his living as a guitarist.
I didn't get here until after dark.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John thinks she should do.
Tom dumped everything out of the box.
I didn't get here until about noon.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John is asking her to do.
I didn't expect to ever walk again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom doesn't want us to do that today.
I didn't expect the job to be easy.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do everything that needed to be done.
Tom doesn't want to do that that way.
I didn't do what I was asked to do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston now.
I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
Tom doesn't think we need to do that.
I didn't do everything I had to do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
Tom doesn't think we have to do that.
I didn't anticipate that happening.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't think I ought to do that.
I didn't answer any more questions.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy doing that.
I didn't actually see the accident.
You told Tom that I asked John to teach Mary how to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't seem to be unhappy today.
I definitely want to do that today.
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't seem to be in his office.
I definitely want to do that again.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom doesn't remember how he got home.
I cut classes and went to the mall.
Tom doesn't need any help doing that.
I could get punished if I did that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom doesn't like the way you do that.
I can't help you do that right now.
Tom told Mary that it might be a good idea if she went there by bicycle.
Tom doesn't like playing video games.
I can't find my trumpet mouthpiece.
Tom thought Mary would be interested in visiting one of the art museums.
Tom doesn't like it when you do that.
I can't decide what to do tomorrow.
Tom said he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom doesn't like being told to hurry.
I can come, too, if you want me to.
Tom said he wanted to tell you how to do that, but Mary told him not to.
Tom doesn't know a lot about animals.
I came to Boston in search of work.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom doesn't have very good instincts.
I bet it's not too hard to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that until it gets cooler.
Tom doesn't have to do that, does he?
I bet it's not much fun to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that until October.
I assume you're willing to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that early tomorrow morning.
Tom doesn't have time to read comics.
I always have to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that on such a cold day.
Tom doesn't have everything he wants.
How would you recommend we do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't have everything he needs.
How often do you stay up all night?
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that in the near future.
Tom doesn't have any help doing that.
How often do you go to the library?
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that again.
Tom doesn't feel he needs to do that.
How much time do I have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary plans to spend her summer vacation.
Tom doesn't expect to stay very long.
How many concerts have you been to?
Tom knew it was only a matter of time before Mary found out what he did.
Tom doesn't deserve to be re-elected.
How long have you spent doing that?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John is asking her to do.
Tom doesn't care if his car is dirty.
How do you celebrate your birthday?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has asked her to do.
Tom doesn't blame you for doing that.
How about doing that while we wait?
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.
Have you ever been on a blind date?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't actually want to do that.
Have you decided when you'll leave?
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that in less than three hours.
Tom doesn't actually need to do that.
Have you checked all the equipment?
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't actually have to do that.
Has all the equipment been checked?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't want to do that.
Tom does that every Monday afternoon.
Even though I was sick, I did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't need to do that.
Tom does that all the time, you know.
Even if it's raining, I'll do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't have to do that.
Tom does take a shower every morning.
Don't stay out in the sun too long.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tom does everything he's asked to do.
Don't forget to take your umbrella.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tom died when the building collapsed.
Don't do that unless I tell you to.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom died on his way home from church.
Doing that likely won't be so easy.
I don't think Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
Tom died of cancer in in Boston.
Doing it that way wouldn't be safe.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom died of a heart attack last year.
Doing it that way wouldn't be easy.
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom died of a heart attack in Boston.
Does everyone know what gravity is?
Tom should at least tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that anymore.
Tom died in prison from tuberculosis.
Do you want me to buy that for you?
Tom should at least tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Tom died in prison after three years.
Do you usually do that by yourself?
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom died in October at the age of 30.
Do you think it'll be hot tomorrow?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't feel like doing that.
Tom died in Boston three years later.
Do you think Boston is a safe city?
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to read anything without her glasses on.
Tom died in Boston of kidney failure.
Do you still enjoy going to movies?
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom died in Boston of a heart attack.
Do you really want to do that here?
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom died before the rescuers arrived.
Do you read books to your children?
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom died as a result of his injuries.
Do you plan to continue doing that?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom died Monday after a long illness.
Do you know whose umbrella this is?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom didn't want to play golf anymore.
Do you know a safer way to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten fired.
Didn't you know you had to do that?
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that after his birthday.
Tom didn't seem to know who did that.
Didn't you know that was happening?
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that here.
Tom didn't really have to do a thing.
Didn't you know about this already?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary shouldn't be doing that by herself.
Tom didn't play the rest of the game.
Did you fill out the questionnaire?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom didn't play in the third quarter.
Could you tell me how you did that?
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what needed to be done.
Tom didn't know that I could do that.
Could you pick up that book for me?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't need to do that.
Tom didn't know if he had to do that.
Could you make me another sandwich?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't have to do that.
Tom didn't know how to play the game.
Could you give us any more details?
Tom could've been quicker at doing that than Mary if he'd tried harder.
Tom didn't have the money to do that.
Could you explain how you did that?
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom didn't have everything he needed.
Could I borrow a couple of dollars?
It was very naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
Tom didn't get here until about noon.
Can you stay in Boston for a while?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't have come this early if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom didn't do what we told him to do.
Both of my ex-wives live in Boston.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom didn't do what I asked him to do.
Both of my brothers are in custody.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom didn't come to work by car today.
Both of my brothers are doing that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom did whatever we wanted him to do.
Aren't you going to come to Boston?
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what time the meeting was.
Tom did what he thought he should do.
Are you still reluctant to do that?
Tom was through doing that by the time Mary offered to help him do it.
Tom did what he felt he needed to do.
Are you still permitted to do that?
Tom was in the kitchen making breakfast when Mary knocked on his door.
Tom did that without saying anything.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom did that without asking for help.
Are you still a straight-A student?
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom did that for himself, not for us.
Are you looking for an interpreter?
Tom should at least tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Tom did that for himself, not for me.
Are you going to go see that movie?
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom did that better than we expected.
Are you a native speaker of French?
Tom said it looked like Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom did that because you told him to.
Your speech was quite interesting.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom did that because he was asked to.
Your parents must be proud of you.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom did that as he was instructed to.
Your office looks a lot like mine.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom did exactly what he wanted to do.
Your advice didn't help me at all.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom did exactly as he was told to do.
Your French is quite good already.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom did everything he promised to do.
Your French is hard to understand.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom described the man who mugged him.
You've lost your key, haven't you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom denies that he paid ransom money.
You've lost your job, haven't you?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Boston with her.
Tom definitely won't do that anymore.
You've grown since I last saw you.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is intending to do that or not.
Tom definitely has a lot of problems.
You're too young to be left alone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John wants her to do.
Tom decided to do something about it.
You're the shortest person I know.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom decided not to do that after all.
You're the right man for this job.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom crawled out from under the table.
You're the only vegetarian I know.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom couldn't stop us from doing that.
You're the only one who does that.
I'm quite sure Tom didn't know Mary had a much higher salary than his.
Tom couldn't stop me from doing that.
You're the one who should do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
Tom couldn't explain how he did that.
You're the one who has to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
Tom could no longer restrain himself.
You're not permitted to do that here.
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom could get injured if he did that.
You're likely to do that, aren't you?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom could do that again if he had to.
You're a veterinarian, aren't you?
Tom should probably tell Mary that he can't do that without her help.
Tom could do a lot of things for you.
You're a very talented songwriter.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom could be the next one to do that.
You're a very good French teacher.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom could be the last one to do that.
You're a very good French speaker.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom could be sincere, but I doubt it.
You're a truck driver, aren't you?
Tom said he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom could be punished for doing that.
You're a student, too, aren't you?
Tom said he wished he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom could be just the person we need.
You're a pediatrician, aren't you?
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom could be forgiven for doing that.
You're a heavy smoker, aren't you?
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom could be excused from doing that.
You're a friendly guy, aren't you?
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom could be arrested for doing that.
You're a better swimmer than I am.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom could almost pass for a teenager.
You're a baseball fan, aren't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom continued doing that for a while.
You'll keep doing that, won't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom confessed his sins to the priest.
You'll help us do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom complained that his stomach hurt.
You'll help me do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom comes to see me almost every day.
You'll have the chance to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom comes from a very musical family.
You'll have difficulty doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom climbed to the top of the ladder.
You'll be rich and famous someday.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom cleaned the house all by himself.
You'll be punished for doing that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom claimed he acted in self-defense.
You'll be excused from doing that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom certainly isn't ready to do that.
You'd do that again, wouldn't you?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom can't play the trumpet very well.
You won't have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that as quickly as possible.
Tom can't help you do that right now.
You won't do that today, will you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom can't come to Boston this summer.
You won't do that alone, will you?
Tom refused to tell me why he and Mary weren't talking to each other.
Tom can do that with his eyes closed.
You won't do that again, will you?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is going to be tomorrow morning.
Tom can do that again if he wants to.
You were foolish to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John thinks she should do.
Tom began to do that three years ago.
You were cute when you were a kid.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John asks her to do.
Tom began doing that three years ago.
You want to go with us, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John wants her to do.
Tom began doing that three weeks ago.
You suggested that we not do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John tells her to do.
Tom began doing that at an early age.
You shouldn't have had to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom became a schoolteacher in Boston.
You shouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom has been waiting for Mary all morning, but she still hasn't come.
Tom baked these cookies this morning.
You should've done that years ago.
Tom explained to Mary why it would be a good idea for her to do that.
Tom backed the car out of the garage.
You should've done that weeks ago.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what Mary was talking about.
Tom backed his car down the driveway.
You should've done that last week.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to meet Alice.
Tom assured us that he would do that.
You should pay your bills on time.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom assured us that he could do that.
You should listen to your teacher.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom assured me that he would do that.
You should go ahead and get ready.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to quit doing that.
Tom assured me that he could do that.
You should do that somewhere else.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that until John told me.
Tom asked us why we hadn't done that.
You should do that someplace else.
You told Tom I wanted Mary to teach John how to do that, didn't you?
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that.
You should do that if you want to.
You should probably tell Tom that you want him to help Mary do that.
Tom asked me if I had ever done that.
You should buy yourself a new car.
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom announced his retirement in 2013.
You should be able to do that now.
Tom told Mary to stop complaining, but she just kept on complaining.
We always love those who admire us and we do not always love those we admire.
Tom announced his decision on Monday.
You seemed to be eager to do that.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be careful not to drop the bottles.
Tom and I've recently started dating.
You seem to be a little bit crazy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be the next one to do that.
Tom and I've decided to get divorced.
You really do drink a lot, do you?
Tom thinks Mary would be lonely if she lived all alone in the woods.
Tom and I've been dating for a while.
You promised you'd do that for us.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wants him to meet her in the park.
Tom and I'll go camping this weekend.
You promised not to do that again.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and I'll get married next spring.
You often go to Boston, don't you?
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to read anything without her glasses.
Tom and I'll be waiting in the lobby.
You never seem to do that anymore.
Tom said that Mary has wanted to learn how to drive for a long time.
Tom and I were there three years ago.
You need to do that every morning.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
Tom and I were the ones who did that.
You need help doing that, I think.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think John could ever do that by himself.
Tom and I were born in the same city.
You may use this room if you want.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom and I were at home all afternoon.
You may shut the door if you like.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom and I went to the beach together.
You may do that wherever you want.
Tom said he thought Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom and I went for a drive yesterday.
You may do that today if you like.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom and I went duck hunting together.
You may do that anywhere you want.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom and I wanted to do that together.
You may do that again if you like.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary's reasons for not doing that were.
Tom and I want to tell you something.
You look like you'd like to leave.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and I used to argue all the time.
You look like you don't feel well.
Tom said Mary would need at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom and I took turns driving the car.
You look a little bit like a girl.
Tom said Mary was the only one who was able to do that without help.
Tom and I tell each other everything.
You know we don't have to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be faster at doing that than John.
Tom and I sometimes do that together.
You knew this already, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be better at doing that than John.
Tom and I sometime hang out together.
You have to have money to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and I sing in the choir together.
You have to do that every morning.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and I see each other quite often.
You had plenty of time to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat across from each other.
You don't usually do that, do you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that next weekend.
Tom and I played in the park all day.
You don't seem to want to do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom and I played chess all afternoon.
You don't plan to do that, do you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom and I often go shopping together.
You don't need to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at doing that or not.
Tom and I never criticize each other.
You don't mind doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary wants him to put her suitcases.
Tom and I never argue about anything.
You don't look like you're sleepy.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary wants him to plant the lettuce.
Tom and I like the same kind of food.
You don't look like you're lonely.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary should be doing that by herself.
Tom and I just want to be left alone.
You don't like to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary needs to do that again tomorrow.
Tom and I have trouble getting along.
You don't like doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who needs to do that.
Tom and I have many things in common.
You don't have to do that, do you?
Tom is the only man other than her father that Mary has ever kissed.
Tom and I had a nice dinner together.
You don't do that anymore, do you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do whatever John wants her to do.
Tom and I go to the same supermarket.
You don't deny doing that, do you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John is asking her to do.
Tom and I folded the sheets together.
You do want to do that, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has asked her to do.
Tom and I first met three months ago.
You do that every week, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John wants her to do.
Tom and I enjoy each other's company.
You didn't tell me not to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John thinks she should do.
Tom and I don't speak French at home.
You didn't really need to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom and I do lots of things together.
You didn't look like you were mad.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John asks her to do.
Tom and I aren't supposed to do that.
You didn't find anything, did you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom and I are professional musicians.
You didn't do that again, did you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom and I are perfect for each other.
You could be doing that right now.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted to go to Boston with him or not.
Tom and I are on their way there now.
You can sleep here if you want to.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom and I are on the same wavelength.
You can do that today if you like.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom and I are both unable to do that.
You can do that better than I can.
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I always seem to be fighting.
You can do that again if you want.
You knew that Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I almost always eat together.
You can come, too, if you want to.
You didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that, did you?
Tom always asks me the same question.
You can come tomorrow if you like.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he'd known it would make Mary angry.
Tom almost always eats lunch with us.
Would you unlock the gate, please?
Tom wanted to find out when Mary was planning to finish doing that.
Tom agreed that we shouldn't do that.
Would you unlock the door, please?
Tom told Mary that she needed to be careful not to make John angry.
Tom admitted that he knew the secret.
Would you pass the butter, please?
Tom told Mary that it might be better if she went there by bicycle.
Tom's wife is just as tall as he is.
Would you like to do that with us?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was difficult to get along with.
Tom's teaching career began in 2013.
Would you be reluctant to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was amused by what was going on.
Tom's mother died when he was three.
Would you all please step outside?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful from now on.
Tom's last name is possibly Jackson.
Women and girls shouldn't do that.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to quit his job and find another one.
Tom's interest in music began early.
Will I have time to do that today?
Tom should probably tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom's injury appears to have healed.
Why don't you have dinner with us?
Tom seemed to know that Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom's first wife was really strange.
Why don't we get something to eat?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't want to do that.
Tom's first girlfriend was a blonde.
Why do some people like to gamble?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't need to do that.
Tom's first girlfriend was Canadian.
Who's the tallest person you know?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't have to do that.
Tom's death still remains a mystery.
Who's the richest person you know?
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that this week.
Tom's business has done really well.
Who told you you couldn't do that?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom's brothers are still in custody.
Who do you intend to do that with?
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom's brothers are still doing that.
Which of your brothers is younger?
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom wouldn't like it if we did that.
Where should we hang this picture?
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom wouldn't be happy if I did that.
What's your reason for doing that?
Tom said he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom would want to do that, I'm sure.
What's your main source of income?
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom would never go to Boston by bus.
What's the longest river in Japan?
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom would be terrible at doing that.
What's the easiest way to do that?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom would be foolish not to do that.
What time do you usually get home?
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom worked for three hours straight.
What did you do yesterday morning?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom won't likely be watching TV now.
We've been ordered not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be done doing that.
We've been invaded by our enemies.
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that until next Monday.
Tom won't get the chance to do that.
We've all done that at least once.
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that until next Monday.
Tom won't figure out how to do that.
We're not allowed to do that here.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
We'll probably be able to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom won't be here when you get here.
We'd be lucky if we could do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom won't be able to do that either.
We won't stay in Boston very long.
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she needed to do this afternoon.
Tom will probably refuse to do that.
We won't come to Boston next week.
Tom needed to make sure that Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom will probably help a little bit.
We won't be in Boston next Monday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom will probably do that next week.
We were told not to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John asks her to do.
Tom will probably become frustrated.
We rarely see monkeys around here.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom will probably be grumpy all day.
We only sell three kinds of cakes.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John is asking her to do.
Tom will probably be back by Monday.
We never stay in Boston very long.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John has asked her to do.
Tom will likely be ready to do that.
We never should've visited Boston.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom will have the chance to do that.
We never should've gone to Boston.
Tom doesn't think this is the first time Mary has tried to do that.
Tom will go back to Boston tomorrow.
We need to correct these problems.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that on a hot day like today.
Tom will do what he can to help you.
We might be in Boston next spring.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom will come to Boston this summer.
We just visited Boston last month.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she wanted to do that.
Tom will come to Boston next Monday.
We had dinner at a new restaurant.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she needed to do that.
Tom will come on the twentieth, too.
We had a drop in sales last month.
