Tom told Mary it was safe for her to do that.
Tom told the judge he was sorry.
I plan to live there someday.
Tom thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me the road was closed.
I ought to do that by myself.
Tom thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom told me that he's terrified.
I never felt like doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom told me that he's skeptical.
I need you to come to Boston.
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom told me that he's irritated.
I need to borrow an umbrella.
Tom thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he's exhausted.
I need to be told what to do.
Tom thinks that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom told me that he's depressed.
I might need to study French.
Tom thinks Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he'd done that.
I might need to speak French.
Tom thinks Mary won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that I was mistaken.
I might have to study French.
Tom thinks Mary will be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that.
I looked in the refrigerator.
Tom thinks Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he hated doing that.
I like stir-fried vegetables.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom told me I shouldn't do that.
I know you'd hate to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that very soon.
Tom thinks you wouldn't do that.
I know you understand French.
Tom thinks Mary will be desperate to do that.
Tom thinks that he's a big shot.
I know you shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be awake until midnight.
Tom thinks that he can prove it.
I know you shouldn't be here.
Tom thinks Mary will be at home this evening.
Tom thinks he shouldn't do that.
I know why you're suspicious.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't in Boston last summer.
Tom still hasn't washed his car.
I know why I need to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom still hasn't mowed the lawn.
I know why I have to do that.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom still has a house in Boston.
I know what the situation is.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
Tom still does that, doesn't he?
I know what ought to be done.
Tom should tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom still does that quite often.
I know what I'm getting into.
Tom should tell Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom still can't drive very well.
I know the police suspect me.
Tom should tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom started his blog in October.
I know the job won't be easy.
Tom should probably tell Mary how to do that.
Tom spent the whole day walking.
I know that you aren't ready.
Tom should probably show Mary how to do that.
Tom slept most of the afternoon.
I know that I'll be punished.
Tom should probably not tell Mary to do that.
Tom showed us a few card tricks.
I know that I'll be arrested.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's tired.
Tom showed me how to copy files.
I know that I should do that.
Tom should be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom shouldn't be doing that now.
I know it won't happen again.
Tom seems convinced that Mary has to do that.
Tom should've done that with us.
I know exactly what happened.
Tom seemed to be aware of what Mary had done.
Tom should've done that with me.
I know everyone here by name.
Tom says he thinks Mary would really do that.
Tom should've done that himself.
I know a lot about computers.
Tom says he knows Mary won't want to do that.
Tom should've called the police.
I know a lot about Australia.
Tom says he knows Mary won't need to do that.
Tom should've brought more food.
I know I'm going to be fired.
Tom says he knows Mary won't have to do that.
Tom should've been more careful.
I know I'll be here tomorrow.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't need to do that.
Tom should've been found guilty.
I know I did something wrong.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't have to do that.
Tom should've arrived yesterday.
I just did that this morning.
Tom says he hopes Mary wants to do that, too.
Tom should go ahead and do that.
I just did that a moment ago.
Tom says he hopes Mary is willing to do that.
Tom should be safe here with us.
I just can't do that anymore.
Tom says he hopes Mary can help him tomorrow.
Tom should be getting paid more.
I intend to do that tomorrow.
Tom says he heard Mary cracking her knuckles.
Tom shot and killed both tigers.
I intend to buy that for you.
Tom says he forgot to remind Mary to do that.
Tom shaved his head last summer.
I hope you pass today's exam.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would do that.
Tom seems to have recognized me.
I hope to see you in October.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary did that.
Tom seems to be very happy here.
I hope to see you again soon.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary should do.
Tom seemed unwilling to do that.
I hope to live there someday.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary has to do.
Tom seemed to know who did that.
I hope to do that eventually.
Tom says he and Mary seldom eat out together.
Tom seemed to do that just fine.
I hope to become a carpenter.
Tom said that Mary wasn't doing that anymore.
Tom seemed to be busy yesterday.
I helped because I wanted to.
Tom said that Mary wanted to see the manager.
Tom says you've got a big mouth.
I haven't yet visited Boston.
Tom said that Mary needed to see the manager.
Tom says that he teaches French.
I haven't yet confirmed that.
Tom said that Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom says that he studies French.
I haven't stopped doing that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't wait to see John.
Tom says that he studied French.
I haven't ever taught French.
Tom said it was Mary who told him to do that.
Tom says that he didn't do that.
I haven't done that recently.
Tom said he's looking forward to seeing Mary.
Tom says no teachers were there.
I haven't actually done that.
Tom said he's determined to do that for Mary.
Tom says he's hoping to do that.
I have to go to Boston today.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary did that.
Tom says he's afraid to do that.
I have to get my car painted.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom says he'll do that tomorrow.
I have to buy a new computer.
Tom said he was willing to help Mary do that.
Tom says he'll buy that for you.
I have time to do that today.
Tom said he was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom says he'll be here tomorrow.
I hadn't intended to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that from Mary.
Tom says he'll be busy tomorrow.
I had so much fun doing that.
Tom said he knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom says he won't do that today.
I had no idea how to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary needed to do that.
Tom says he won't do that again.
I had enough time to do that.
Tom said he isn't going to Mary's party tonight.
Tom says he never taught French.
I finally managed to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't want to do that.
Tom says he has to study French.
I feel like doing that today.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't need to do that.
Tom says he has to speak French.
I expect to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't have to do that.
Tom says he had to study French.
I doubt that you can do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary will help him do that.
Tom says he had to speak French.
I doubt that I could do that.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be at the dance.
Tom says he had a great weekend.
Tom said he expects Mary to help him do that.
Tom says he finished doing that.
I don't want to travel alone.
Tom said he expected Mary to do things right.
Tom says he didn't study French.
I don't want to teach French.
Tom said he expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom says he can do that for you.
I don't want to stay at home.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom says I have to study French.
I don't want to speak French.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom saw how you were doing that.
I don't want to sit with you.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom saw a light in the distance.
I don't want to sing anymore.
Tom said he didn't think Mary should do that.
Tom said you need to be careful.
I don't want to sell my land.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom said you just need to relax.
I don't want to sell my farm.
Tom said Mary wouldn't permit him to do that.
Tom said you have to be careful.
I don't want to go to church.
Tom said Mary will probably do that tomorrow.
Tom said we should take a break.
I don't want to go by myself.
Tom said Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Love is, like medicine, only the art of helping nature.
Tom said this year has been fun.
I don't want to be a teacher.
Tom said Mary wasn't excused from doing that.
Tom said the timing was perfect.
I don't want to be a janitor.
Tom said Mary was willing to wait until 2:30.
Tom said the park was beautiful.
I don't want to ask for help.
Tom said Mary was willing to help us do that.
Tom said that's simply not true.
I don't want any more to eat.
Tom said Mary was willing to do that for you.
Tom said that's not what he did.
I don't usually wear pajamas.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help us today.
Tom said that's not good enough.
I don't think you'll do that.
Tom said Mary was told to do that by herself.
I don't think we can do this.
Tom said Mary was the one who had to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the reason.
I don't think Mary is pretty.
Tom said Mary was talking to John on the bus.
Tom said that it'll happen soon.
I don't think I'll be scared.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be thirsty.
Tom said that he'd be back soon.
I don't think I'll be lonely.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be outside.
I don't teach French anymore.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be nervous.
Tom said that he wasn't thirsty.
I don't talk to my neighbors.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be in jail.
Tom said that he was very tired.
I don't swim so much anymore.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be grouchy.
Tom said that he was quite busy.
I don't study French anymore.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be at home.
Tom said that he studied French.
I don't see why I have to go.
Tom said Mary was likely to be in Boston now.
Tom said that he didn't do that.
I don't remember my password.
Tom said Mary was likely to be here tomorrow.
Tom said that didn't bother him.
I don't regret that decision.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could help John.
Tom said money wasn't the issue.
I don't really expect to win.
Tom said Mary was going to do that yesterday.
Tom said it should've been easy.
I don't read books in French.
Tom said Mary was enjoying herself in Boston.
Tom said it could've been worse.
I don't plan to visit Boston.
Tom said Mary was at home in bed with a cold.
Tom said his stomach still hurt.
I don't plan to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary was asked not to do that again.
Tom said he's home every Monday.
I don't owe anybody anything.
Tom said Mary wanted John to do that for her.
Tom said he's glad you did that.
I don't often take vacations.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John to do that.
Tom said he's been to Australia.
I don't often come to Boston.
Tom said Mary looked like she was having fun.
Tom said he's been feeling sick.
I don't need your help today.
Tom said Mary knew she might need to do that.
Tom said he's been busy all day.
I don't need to work anymore.
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that.
Tom said he's afraid to do that.
I don't need to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary isn't interested in doing that.
Tom said he'll probably do that.
I don't need to do that here.
Tom said Mary is willing to help him do that.
Tom said he'll do that tomorrow.
I don't need to buy anything.
Tom said Mary is willing to do that for John.
Tom said he'll buy that for you.
I don't mind speaking French.
Tom said Mary is reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said he'd go back home soon.
I don't live with my parents.
Tom said Mary is just about ready to do that.
Tom said he'd be back on Monday.
I don't like wearing a watch.
Tom said Mary is going to do that on her own.
Tom said he would do that again.
I don't like washing windows.
Tom said Mary is going to do that by herself.
Tom said he won't do that again.
I don't like traveling alone.
Tom said Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom said he was told to do that.
I don't like to wear jewelry.
Tom said Mary is always lived on Park Street.
Tom said he was feeling thirsty.
I don't like to be stared at.
Tom said Mary has only tried doing that once.
Tom said he was feeling nervous.
I don't like to ask for help.
Tom said Mary has only done that three times.
Tom said he wanted to stay home.
I don't like teaching French.
Tom said Mary has never been to John's house.
Tom said he should've done that.
I don't like studying French.
Tom said Mary has been told to do that again.
Tom said he knew how to do that.
I don't like poker very much.
Tom said Mary has been to Boston three times.
Tom said he has nothing to hide.
I don't like mashed potatoes.
Tom said Mary has been having fun doing that.
Tom said he had nothing to hide.
I don't like going to school.
Tom said Mary has always been good at sports.
Tom said he felt like giving up.
I don't like doing that here.
Tom said Mary has always been fun to talk to.
Tom said he didn't study French.
I don't like crowded beaches.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John can do that.
Tom said he didn't hunt anymore.
I don't like being a janitor.
Tom said Mary didn't sound very enthusiastic.
Tom said he could do that today.
I don't like asking for help.
Tom said Mary didn't need to do that anymore.
Tom said he bought that for you.
I don't know why I was fired.
Tom said Mary didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom said doing that would be OK.
I don't know who I can trust.
Tom said Mary didn't have a driver's license.
Tom said a raccoon bit his foot.
I don't know which way to go.
Tom read the letter he got from Mary to John.
Tom said I should buy a new car.
I don't know where they live.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was fired.
Tom said I looked uncomfortable.
I don't know everyone's name.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is scared.
Tom said I looked a bit nervous.
I don't have what I want yet.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is crying.
Tom said I didn't sound worried.
I don't have to work anymore.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is from.
Tom recommended this restaurant.
I don't have to do that here.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is upset.
Tom really has to do that today.
I don't have flood insurance.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary did that.
Tom really has a lot of friends.
I don't have any place to go.
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary does that.
Tom really does want to do that.
I don't have an alibi either.
Tom pretty much said the same thing Mary did.
Tom really does need to do that.
I don't have a full-time job.
Tom noticed that Mary's lights were still on.
Tom really does have to do that.
I don't go to school anymore.
Tom never expected Mary to refuse to do that.
Tom ran a marathon last weekend.
I don't get up early anymore.
Tom may be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom put his head out the window.
I don't feel like doing that.
Tom knows that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom promised to help us do that.
I don't feel anything at all.
Tom is the only person who can help Mary now.
Tom probably won't study French.
I don't ever want to do that.
Tom is the only person Mary wants to talk to.
Tom probably won't speak French.
I don't ever do that anymore.
Tom hasn't yet convinced Mary not to do that.
Tom probably won't ever do that.
I don't eat fruit very often.
Tom hasn't told Mary why he wants to do that.
Tom probably should do that now.
I don't care how you do that.
Tom has told Mary she needs to wear a helmet.
Tom probably isn't swimming now.
I don't believe you did that.
Tom has already told Mary what she has to do.
Tom probably can't speak French.
I do that every chance I get.
Tom has already told Mary what he has to buy.
Tom plays volleyball quite well.
I didn't want you to do that.
Tom has advised Mary not to start doing that.
Tom plays baseball after school.
I didn't want to take a taxi.
Tom explained to Mary why she should do that.
Tom plans to live there someday.
I didn't want to leave early.
Tom explained to Mary why she had to do that.
Tom ought to have spoken French.
I didn't want to kill anyone.
Tom eventually told Mary that he'd done that.
Tom only swears when he's angry.
I didn't want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't want to show Mary how to do that.
Tom only comes here on weekends.
I didn't want to get married.
Tom doesn't think he can get Mary to do that.
Tom often yells at his children.
I didn't want to be punished.
Tom doesn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom often stays home on Sundays.
I didn't want anyone to know.
Tom doesn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom often got bullied at school.
I didn't think you'd noticed.
Tom doesn't think Mary would like to do that.
Tom often goes there by himself.
I didn't think you'd be late.
Tom doesn't think Mary would like doing that.
Tom never speaks French with us.
I didn't think you'd be here.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom never said he would do that.
I didn't think you were busy.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom never gets home before 2:30.
I didn't think that was fair.
Tom doesn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom never finishes his homework.
I didn't think I'd get fired.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom never even tried to do that.
I didn't think I'd be scared.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that for John.
Tom never did finish doing that.
I didn't think I'd be lonely.
Tom doesn't think Mary will buy that for you.
Tom needs to take one more test.
I didn't stay there for long.
Tom doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom needs to borrow an umbrella.
I didn't report the accident.
Tom doesn't think Mary will actually do that.
Tom needs to be told what to do.
I didn't plan to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom needed to be home on Monday.
I didn't like that very much.
Tom doesn't think Mary is through doing that.
Tom must've done that yesterday.
I didn't know you were drunk.
Tom doesn't think Mary is allowed to do that.
Tom must've been busy yesterday.
I didn't know who to believe.
Tom doesn't think Mary can understand French.
Tom must be hesitant to do that.
I didn't know what was wrong.
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that that soon.
Tom might study French tomorrow.
I didn't know how to proceed.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary has to do.
Tom might not come to the party.
I didn't know how bad it was.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom may do that if he'd like to.
I didn't keep my appointment.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary smiles at John.
Tom married one of his students.
I didn't have to say a thing.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is in the hospital.
Tom made up his mind to do that.
I didn't have anywhere to go.
Tom doesn't know what Mary expects him to do.
Tom lost his son in an accident.
I didn't have any cash on me.
Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't tired.
I didn't go to Boston either.
Tom doesn't know how Mary managed to do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't happy.
I didn't get up early enough.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom likes going to kindergarten.
I didn't get rich doing that.
Tom doesn't have to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom likely won't be cooperative.
I didn't get paid last month.
Tom does almost anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom left at 2:in the morning.
I didn't get home until dawn.
Tom didn't think Mary would be upset by that.
Tom left all the windows closed.
I didn't get here until 2:30.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in her office.
Tom leafed through the magazine.
I didn't feel very confident.
Tom didn't think Mary was through doing that.
Tom knows what ought to be done.
I didn't feel the earthquake.
Tom didn't think Mary was nervous doing that.
Tom knows what he's looking for.
I didn't feel safe in Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary was doing that anymore.
Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I didn't even try to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he had to work late.
Tom knows the job won't be easy.
I didn't do well on the test.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she needed to know.
Tom knows a lot about Australia.
I didn't do that fast enough.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom kept me waiting all morning.
I didn't come here yesterday.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he wanted her help.
Tom just does what he has to do.
I didn't apologize in French.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was busy or not.
Tom isn't working much nowadays.
I did the same thing in 2013.
Tom didn't know what Mary had put in the box.
Tom isn't quite sure what to do.
I did that just this morning.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's ex-wife.
Tom isn't on the wrestling team.
I couldn't do that by myself.
Tom didn't know if Mary would do that or not.
Tom isn't likely like to be shy.
I could never live in Boston.
Tom didn't know if Mary could do that or not.
Tom isn't likely doing that now.
I could do that if wanted to.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom isn't going to be here long.
I come to Boston quite a lot.
Tom didn't know Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom isn't going to be gone long.
I can't wait to visit Boston.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to help us.
Tom isn't ever going to do that.
I can't wait to go to Boston.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom isn't doing that any longer.
I can't play chess very well.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary could do that.
Tom isn't coming back to Boston.
I can't do everything myself.
Tom could try to get Mary to stop doing that.
Tom isn't able to do that today.
I can't afford to retire yet.
Tom could probably teach Mary how to do that.
Tom is way too young to do that.
I can go to Boston next week.
Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
Tom is very sure he can do that.
I can eat wherever I want to.
Tom could likely talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is very happy to have a job.
I can eat whenever I want to.
Tom could be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is very devoted to his wife.
I can eat whatever I want to.
Tom asked me if I thought Mary could do that.
Tom is used to eating cold rice.
I bought a house with a pool.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like gardening.
Tom is used to doing that alone.
I almost didn't visit Boston.
Tom asked Mary what she'd do if she were him.
Tom is trying to manipulate you.
I advise you to study French.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite subject was.
Tom is too upset to do that now.
How was the dance last night?
Tom asked Mary if she knew why John was late.
Tom is too tired to do that now.
How often have you done that?
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John worked.
Tom is too drunk to do that now.
How often do you go downtown?
Tom apologized to Mary for being so careless.
Tom is too broke to do that now.
How often do you buy flowers?
Tom and Mary plan to get married next summer.
Tom is too angry to do that now.
How much should they be paid?
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones doing that.
Tom is the strongest man I know.
How much did your watch cost?
Tom and Mary are unlikely to want to do that.
Tom is the strongest guy I know.
How much did your shoes cost?
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to wait for us.
Tom is the man I told you about.
How many pencils did you buy?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom is taller than his brothers.
How many cousins do you have?
I'm sure Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
Tom is talking with his friends.
How many cookies do you want?
I wonder why Tom thought Mary had to do that.
Tom is sure he needs to do that.
How many bananas did you eat?
I told Tom that I thought Mary could do that.
Tom is supposed to be in Boston.
How many bananas did you buy?
I thought Tom would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom is still willing to do that.
How many apples did you pick?
I hope Tom is faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is still too young to drink.
How did you meet that friend?
I don't think Tom would've said that to Mary.
Tom is still getting into shape.
Have you finished doing that?
I don't think Tom will allow Mary to do that.
Tom is seldom at home on Monday.
Have you ever studied French?
I don't think Tom wants to do that with Mary.
Tom is reluctant not to do that.
Have you ever eaten dog meat?
I don't think Tom should ask Mary to do that.
Tom is ready to help us do that.
Everybody did that except me.
I don't believe the rumor about Tom and Mary.
Tom is rarely at home on Monday.
Don't forget your sunglasses.
I do think Tom shouldn't ask Mary to do that.
Tom is one of my former clients.
Don't forget to mow the lawn.
I didn't tell Tom why Mary didn't want to go.
Tom is older than he says he is.
Doing that's a very bad idea.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's ex-husband.
Tom is often the first one here.
Doing that would be romantic.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were related.
Tom is mad at me for doing that.
Doing that won't be much fun.
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday?
Tom is likely to try to do that.
Doing that is very important.
Do you think Tom will permit Mary to do that?
Tom is likely to still be upset.
Doing that here is dangerous.
Did you know Tom and Mary used to be married?
Tom is likely to still be tired.
Does your room have a carpet?
Did you know Tom and Mary are John's parents?
Tom is likely to still be broke.
Do you still wish to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still married to each other?
Tom is likely to still be bored.
Do you still want to do that?
You told Tom Mary would do that, didn't you?
Tom is likely to still be awake.
Do you still need to do that?
You told Tom Mary could do that, didn't you?
Tom is likely to still be alone.
Do you still have to do that?
Tom would do that for Mary, I'm pretty sure.
Tom is likely to still be alive.
Do you play soccer every day?
Tom wondered who Mary used to be married to.
Tom is likely to become violent.
Do you enjoy teaching French?
Tom wondered if Mary would do that for John.
Tom is likely to be unimpressed.
Do you drink a lot of coffee?
Tom won't likely tell Mary to go home early.
Tom is likely to be sympathetic.
Do both of you still do that?
Tom won't likely tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is likely to be pessimistic.
Didn't you intend to do that?
Tom won't do that without Mary's permission.
Tom is likely to be intoxicated.
Didn't you do that yesterday?
Tom is likely to be heartbroken.
Did you have a good vacation?
Tom will never permit Mary to do that again.
Tom is likely to be embarrassed.
Did I really have to do that?
Tom will likely talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is likely to be disobedient.
Could you go get that for me?
Tom will likely be glad to see Mary do that.
Tom is likely to be discouraged.
Could I borrow your scissors?
Tom will give Mary everything she asked for.
Tom is likely to be cooperative.
Can you speak French, please?
Tom wasn't able to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom is interested in doing that.
Can you remember their names?
Tom was the one who advised Mary to do that.
Tom is hoping to make a fortune.
Can you help me next weekend?
Tom was impressed by how well Mary did that.
Tom is halfway to Boston by now.
Both of my brothers did that.
Tom took several pictures of Mary's parents.
Tom is gradually getting better.
At what time did you do that?
Tom told me Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom is going to quit doing that.
Tom told Mary why he wasn't able to do that.
Tom is glad to be healthy again.
Are you proposing we do that?
Tom told Mary why he didn't want to do that.
Tom is getting better at French.
Tom told Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom is extremely busy right now.
Are you proposing to do that?
Tom told Mary that he'd be happy to do that.
Tom is confident he can do that.
Tom told Mary that he was afraid to do that.
Tom is coming over this evening.
Are you permitted to do that?
Tom told Mary that he wanted her to do that.
Tom is carrying a black satchel.
Are you miserable doing that?
Tom told Mary that he thought she was pushy.
Tom is better than I used to be.
Are you hesitant to go there?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was well.
Tom is an experienced announcer.
Are you going to do that now?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was weak.
Tom is actually a very sick man.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was slow.
Tom is able to speak French now.
Are we going to visit Boston?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was rich.
Tom is a very good banjo player.
Allow me to buy that for you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was nice.
Tom is a tall, good-looking man.
Your speech was interesting.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was lost.
Tom is a guy in my neighborhood.
Your skirt is way too short.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was lazy.
Tom is a family-oriented person.
Your singing is pretty good.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was fine.
Tom is a doctor like his father.
Your prints were on the gun.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was done.
Tom is a bright young scientist.
Your performance wasn't bad.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dead.
Tom introduced me to his sister.
Your party was a lot of fun.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was cold.
Tom intends to return to Boston.
Your name isn't on the list.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was busy.
Tom immediately felt threatened.
Your manners are impeccable.
Tom told Mary that John was his best friend.
Tom hurt his elbow when he fell.
Your left eye is really red.
Tom told Mary that John could do that today.
Tom hit the ball over the fence.
Your house was easy to find.
Tom told Mary it was fun for her to do that.
Tom heard noises in the kitchen.
Your house has a nice porch.
Tom told Mary he wanted to find another job.
Tom hasn't told me who did that.
Your hard work has paid off.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom hasn't ruled out doing that.
Your fever is getting worse.
Tom thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom hasn't done that very often.
Your arms are badly bruised.
Tom thought Mary wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom hasn't done that since 2013.
You've got to do that today.
Tom thought Mary was interested in baseball.
Tom hasn't done that in a while.
You've got something I want.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom hasn't been very happy here.
You've been very supportive.
Tom thinks Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom hasn't been here since 2013.
You're too drunk to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom hasn't been here in a while.
You're permitted to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be tempted to do that.
Tom hasn't been helping us much.
You're my uncle, aren't you?
Tom thinks Mary won't be nervous doing that.
Tom has until Monday to do that.
You're doing that very well.
Tom thinks Mary won't be frightened by that.
Tom has trouble speaking French.
You're being a bit snobbish.
Tom thinks Mary will be hesitant to do that.
Tom has to learn how to do that.
You're being a bit paranoid.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom has the habit of doing that.
You're a very sound sleeper.
Tom thinks Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom has stolen from his friends.
You're a talented young man.
Tom still doesn't know who Mary's father is.
Tom has started teaching French.
You're a really good singer.
Tom speaks French more often than Mary does.
Tom has spent time in Australia.
You're a really good dancer.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom has shown us what he can do.
You're a pretty good singer.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about what happened.
Tom has received a lot of gifts.
You're a pretty good driver.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about what John did.
Tom has promised not to do that.
You're a pastor, aren't you?
Tom should've given Mary what she asked for.
Tom has promised not to be late.
You're a good-looking woman.
Tom should've asked Mary to do that for him.
Tom has produced several albums.
You're a good tennis player.
Tom should tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom has probably studied French.
You're a good soccer player.
Tom should tell Mary what she needs to know.
Tom has never wanted to do that.
You're a good hockey player.
Tom should tell Mary that he wants her help.
Tom has never plucked a chicken.
You're a father, aren't you?
Tom should tell Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom has never played basketball.
You're a doctor, aren't you?
Tom should tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom has never been very helpful.
You're a bit crazy, I think.
Tom should probably tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom has never been a hockey fan.
You'd better repair it soon.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's busy.
Tom has never asked me for help.
You won't do that, will you?
Tom seems to be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom has never asked for my help.
You took my keys by mistake.
Tom seems to be aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom has left, but he'll be back.
You shouldn't do that today.
Tom seems to be aware of what Mary has done.
Tom has just started doing that.
You shouldn't do that again.
Tom says that Mary isn't good at doing that.
Tom has just returned to Boston.
You should do that yourself.
Tom says he won't ask Mary to do that again.
Tom has gotten better at French.
You should do that sometime.
Tom says he thought Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom has given me a lot of money.
You seldom do that nowadays.
Tom says he knows Mary will want to do that.
Tom has expressed similar ideas.
You seem to like doing that.
Tom says he knows Mary will need to do that.
Tom has dropped out of the race.
You need to stop doing that.
Tom says he knows Mary will have to do that.
Tom has done that at least once.
You need to help me do that.
Tom says he knows Mary can't swim very well.
Tom has done a great job for us.
You need to do that at once.
Tom says he hopes that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom has denied that he did that.
You need to clean your room.
Tom says he hopes Mary will do that for him.
Tom has decided to study French.
You must write it in French.
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that.
Tom has been ordered to do that.
You may not want to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows how to do that.
Tom has been mugged three times.
You may do that if you like.
Tom says he heard Mary singing on the porch.
Tom has been in the county jail.
You may do that by yourself.
Tom says he heard Mary practicing the piano.
Tom has been in jail many times.
You looked drunk last night.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will do that.
Tom has been here since October.
You look very uncomfortable.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary does that.
You look tired this evening.
Tom says he doesn't know how Mary does that.
Tom has been crying all morning.
You look the same as before.
Tom says he didn't know Mary had to do that.
Tom has been advised to do that.
You look really embarrassed.
Tom says Mary is willing to do that for him.
Tom has been accused of perjury.
You look like you're sleepy.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that.
Tom has been a very good mentor.
You look like you always do.
Tom said that wasn't what Mary wanted to do.
Tom has been a very good leader.
You look like an accountant.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't wait any longer.
Tom has been a very good friend.
You look like a businessman.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom has been a coach since 2013.
You look a lot better today.
Tom said that Mary wasn't feeling very well.
Tom has asked me not to do that.
You like to sing, don't you?
Tom said that Mary wasn't a student anymore.
Tom has always needed some help.
You like to hunt, don't you?
Tom said that Mary was living in Boston now.
Tom has always loved doing that.
You like to fish, don't you?
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom has a degree in engineering.
You like to draw, don't you?
Tom said that Mary needs to be more careful.
Tom handed me a sealed envelope.
You like to cook, don't you?
Tom said that Mary enjoyed your party a lot.
Tom had better be ready by 2:30.
You like to bowl, don't you?
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be sleepy.
Tom had back surgery in October.
You like surfing, don't you?
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be hungry.
Tom had a small box in his hand.
You like singing, don't you?
Tom said that Mary couldn't wait to do that.
Tom had a rough couple of years.
You like oranges, don't you?
Tom said that Mary couldn't wait any longer.
Tom had a good mentor in Boston.
You like lobster, don't you?
Tom said that Mary and John are his friends.
Tom grew up just outside Boston.
You like it here, don't you?
Tom said he's very sure Mary should do that.
Tom got punished for doing that.
You like hunting, don't you?
Tom said he's very sure Mary has to do that.
Tom got in his car and took off.
You like fishing, don't you?
Tom said he's reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom got everything he asked for.
You like camping, don't you?
Tom said he's never seen Mary wearing jeans.
Tom got arrested for doing that.
You keep a diary, don't you?
Tom said he's glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom gave some very sound advice.
You just need to be patient.
Tom said he wished he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom found it hard to stay awake.
You have to do that quickly.
Tom said he wished he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom forgot to water the flowers.
You have to do that at once.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom felt he had to do something.
You have to be more careful.
Tom said he wished Mary knew how to do that.
Tom felt a hand on his shoulder.
You have a rifle, don't you?
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom faces three years in prison.
You hate my guts, don't you?
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary had to do that.
Tom drives to work every Monday.
You had a knife, didn't you?
Tom said he wanted Mary to help him do that.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be safe.
You expect a lot, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary was in the library.
Tom doesn't want you doing that.
You drink coffee, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary was good at French.
Tom doesn't want to do that now.
You don't shave yet, do you?
Tom said he thinks Mary isn't going do that.
Tom doesn't want to be punished.
You do that, too, don't you?
Tom said he knew why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be arrested.
You deserve a higher salary.
Tom said he knew that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't think you'd do that.
You could be doing that now.
Tom said he knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll do that.
You asked us not to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might want to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll do that.
Will you please not do that?
Tom said he knew Mary might need to do that.
Tom doesn't think I can do that.
Will I have time to do that?
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to have a cold.
Why would I have to do that?
Tom said he hopes Mary will be at the party.
Tom doesn't remember doing that.
Why wasn't I told this before?
Tom said he didn't think Mary would do that.
Tom doesn't really get out much.
Why should I stay in Boston?
Tom said he didn't think Mary could do that.
Tom doesn't often smile anymore.
Why should I come to Boston?
Tom said he didn't know what Mary had to do.
Tom doesn't look like he's busy.
Why don't you do that today?
Tom said he didn't do what Mary said he did.
Tom doesn't like fish very much.
Why don't I have to do that?
Tom said Mary's dog was twice as big as his.
Tom doesn't like being a waiter.
Why didn't you visit Boston?
Tom said Mary would likely do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know why I did that.
Why did you want to do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't usually home on Monday.
Tom doesn't know how I did that.
Why did you need to do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom doesn't have any experience.
Who went to Boston with you?
Tom said Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom doesn't get paid to do that.
Who here understands French?
Tom said Mary was worried about the weather.
Tom doesn't eat very much fruit.
Who does this hat belong to?
Tom said Mary was willing to take that risk.
Tom doesn't do that well enough.
Who does this dog belong to?
Tom said Mary was willing to do the driving.
Tom doesn't care if you do that.
Who does this car belong to?
Tom said Mary was willing to do the cooking.
Tom doesn't believe that's true.
Who did you learn that from?
Tom said Mary was willing to do that for us.
Tom does things that I won't do.
Which wine do you like best?
Tom said Mary was willing to do that for me.
Tom does that from time to time.
Where were you last weekend?
Tom said Mary was unenthusiastic about that.
Tom does that every day at 2:30.
Where did you hide my money?
Tom said Mary was troubled by what happened.
Tom does that because he has to.
Where can I put my umbrella?
Tom said Mary was told not to do that again.
Tom does that a lot, doesn't he?
When will you be doing that?
Tom said Mary was the only one who did that.
Tom died when he was very young.
When does the concert start?
Tom said Mary was sleeping when he got home.
Tom died in of lung cancer.
When did you buy your house?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be sleepy.
Tom didn't want to wait so long.
When did you buy this house?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be scared.
Tom didn't want to teach French.
What's your passport number?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be lonely.
Tom didn't want to speak French.
What time does the zoo open?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be hungry.
Tom didn't want to sing anymore.
What size shirt do you wear?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be grumpy.
Tom didn't speak French with us.
What do you two do together?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be groggy.
Tom didn't sound too optimistic.
What did you do last Monday?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be afraid.
Tom didn't seem to be surprised.
What did you do after lunch?
Tom said Mary was likely to be undependable.
Tom didn't seem to be impressed.
What color do you like best?
Tom said Mary was going to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't see the truck coming.
What are you most afraid of?
Tom said Mary was going to do that for John.
Tom didn't say he would do that.
We've both worked in Boston.
Tom said Mary was determined not to do that.
Tom didn't recommend doing that.
We've been asked to do that.
Tom said Mary wanted him to do that for her.
Tom didn't react quickly enough.
We're trying to do too much.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have stayed so long.
Tom didn't permit us to do that.
We'd better do that quickly.
Tom said Mary should've helped John do that.
Tom didn't know about the party.
We won't ever do that again.
Tom said Mary should've done that last week.
Tom didn't have to speak French.
We were too busy to do that.
Tom said Mary should've asked John for help.
Tom didn't expect to walk again.
We were told not to do that.
Tom said Mary should do that someplace else.
Tom didn't eat all of the ice cream.
We were in Boston yesterday.
Tom said Mary only does that in the morning.
Tom didn't do that the easy way.
We want you to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary needed to do that pretty soon.
Tom didn't do that deliberately.
We waited for you yesterday.
Tom said Mary knew he might want to do that.
Tom didn't dare to say anything.
We visited Boston last week.
Tom said Mary knew he might need to do that.
Tom did what you told him to do.
We should've studied harder.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that.
Tom did what we asked him to do.
We should be in Boston soon.
Tom said Mary is probably still very hungry.
Tom did what he felt like doing.
We seldom speak French here.
Tom said Mary is probably still unconvinced.
Tom did that exceptionally well.
We live in different cities.
Tom said Mary is probably still pessimistic.
Tom did that at the last minute.
We have nothing to left eat.
Tom said Mary is probably still in her room.
Tom devoted his life to science.
We didn't have enough money.
Tom said Mary is probably still heartbroken.
Tom definitely wants to do that.
We didn't do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary is probably still embarrassed.
Tom definitely plans to do that.
We can't come to Boston now.
Tom said Mary has to do that sometime today.
Tom definitely needs to do that.
We came to Boston yesterday.
Tom said Mary has never driven a sports car.
Tom could've refused to do that.
Wait for me at the entrance.
Tom said Mary has been trying to be careful.
Tom could've died of starvation.
Try to do that by all means.
Tom said Mary has been asked not to do that.
Tom could tell you who did that.
This is the time to do that.
Tom said Mary hardly ever does that anymore.
Tom could probably teach French.
This hole isn't deep enough.
Tom said Mary had to do that sometime today.
Tom could end up being arrested.
This book isn't interesting.
Tom said Mary doesn't need to do that today.
Tom could easily have done that.
This area has changed a lot.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to do that today.
Tom could do it if he wanted to.
They're testing new weapons.
Tom said I should've stayed and helped Mary.
Tom could become very rich soon.
They're often seen together.
Tom quickly wrote down everything Mary said.
Tom could be stranded somewhere.
They both speak French well.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't do that again.
Tom claims that it was my fault.
They both did that together.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom claimed he tried to do that.
These trousers are too long.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is now.
Tom chuckled and shook his head.
These books used to be mine.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is busy.
Tom can do that without my help.
There's plenty of wine left.
Tom must've thought Mary could speak French.
Tom began to yell at his mother.
There's no way I'll do that.
Tom let Mary know that he wanted to do that.
Tom began doing that last month.
There's no rush. I can wait.
Tom let Mary know he didn't know what to do.
Tom became an ordained minister.
There's no news from Boston.
Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
Tom asked me to vacuum the room.
The rain hasn't stopped yet.
Tom knows that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom asked me to stop doing that.
The noise doesn't bother me.
Tom is the only person Mary says she trusts.
Tom asked me to do this for him.
The movie is about to begin.
Tom is the guy over there talking with Mary.
Tom asked me to do that quietly.
The economy is in bad shape.
Tom is sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
Tom asked me to do that quickly.
The children are downstairs.
Tom is still determined to do that for Mary.
Tom asked me if I taught French.
That idea sounds good to me.
Tom is standing behind Mary in this picture.
Tom asked me if I had done that.
Tom is reluctant to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom asked me if I could do that.
That could happen next week.
Tom is permitted to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom asked for police protection.
That appears to be the plan.
Tom is going to be very happy Mary did that.
Tom apparently wants to do that.
Shouldn't you do that today?
Tom is counting the days until Mary arrives.
Tom apparently needs to do that.
Shouldn't you be doing that?
Tom informed Mary why she needed to do that.
Tom and his friends are outside.
Quite a few people did that.
Tom hopes that Mary will be able to do that.
Tom and I were wrong about that.
Please remind me to do that.
Tom hoped Mary would be well enough to come.
Tom and I were also in the room.
Please go ahead and do that.
Tom has told Mary to do that more than once.
Tom and I went sailing together.
Our flight has been delayed.
Tom has told Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom and I went camping together.
My visa needs to be renewed.
Tom has told Mary not to do that by herself.
Tom and I wanted to get married.
My plan is perfect, I think.
Tom has enough money to buy what Mary wants.
Tom and I want to have children.
My passport has been stolen.
Tom has done what Mary said he needed to do.
Tom and I want to be left alone.
My office is on Park Street.
Tom has already told Mary what he has to do.
Tom and I want to adopt a child.
My new house is really nice.
Tom has already told Mary what he can't eat.
Tom and I want different things.
My mother is also a teacher.
Tom has already told Mary she can't do that.
Tom and I talked the whole time.
My license has been revoked.
Tom has advised me not to do that with Mary.
Tom and I spoke French together.
My house is just over there.
Tom has advised Mary not to stop doing that.
Tom and I recognized each other.
My house has three bedrooms.
Tom has advised Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom and I raised three children.
My flight has been canceled.
Tom expects Mary to do that again on Monday.
Tom and I played tennis all day.
My favorite drink is coffee.
Tom doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom and I played miniature golf.
My dorm room was very small.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that by herself.
Tom and I play on the same team.
My dog can swim pretty well.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary anymore.
Tom and I often travel together.
My children go to bed early.
Tom doesn't think Mary would likely do that.
Tom and I often help each other.
My children are still awake.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be discouraged.
Tom and I need to work together.
My car was stolen last week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will want to do that.
Tom and I looked at one another.
My car is parked over there.
Tom doesn't think Mary will need to do that.
Tom and I laughed at each other.
My car has been repossessed.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like to do that.
Tom and I haven't done that yet.
My blood type is O positive.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like doing that.
Tom and I have to work together.
My blood type is O negative.
Tom doesn't think Mary will have to do that.
Tom and I have the same opinion.
My backpack is on the table.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that to John.
Tom and I had a couple of beers.
My French is getting better.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that for you.
Tom and I got married in Boston.
My French has gotten better.
Tom doesn't think Mary should be doing that.
Tom and I got engaged last week.
Most people here can't swim.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom and I got along really well.
Men and boys should do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom and I got along fairly well.
Maybe you'd like to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary is doing.
Tom and I go to the same church.
Mary is a farmer's daughter.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary has done.
Tom and I glanced at each other.
Mary has too much makeup on.
Tom doesn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom and I encouraged each other.
Many people like to do that.
Tom doesn't need to know how Mary does that.
Tom and I don't usually do that.
Many people don't know that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I don't like each other.
Make sure you don't do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like dogs.
Tom and I don't fight that much.
Make sure you do that today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary called the police.
Tom and I don't do that anymore.
Make sure you do that again.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom and I discussed the problem.
Life is what you make of it.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom and I dated for three years.
Let's go out to eat tonight.
Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom and I danced all night long.
Let's go out on the veranda.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't like him.
Tom and I aren't happy together.
Let's go out on the terrace.
Tom doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom and I aren't all that close.
Let's buy half a watermelon.
Tom doesn't know Mary can understand French.
Tom and I are still watching TV.
Let's buy a box of cherries.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to get here on time.
Tom and I are still not married.
It's too hot to do that now.
Tom does that so much better than Mary does.
Tom and I are mad at each other.
It's snowing here in Boston.
Tom didn't think that Mary knew how to swim.
Tom and I are going to the mall.
It's raining here in Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom and I are going to be there.
It's probably OK to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom and I are distant relatives.
It's now my turn to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would like to do that.
Tom and I are a little confused.
It's not always easy to win.
Tom didn't think Mary would like doing that.
Tom always tries not to be late.
It's easy for me to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom always seems to be stubborn.
It's bad manners to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here so soon.
Tom always seems to be punctual.
It's already taken me hours.
Tom didn't think Mary would be back so soon.
Tom always seems to be friendly.
It's almost time to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he needed her help.
Tom always seems to be confused.
It's a good idea to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she needed to buy.
Tom always seems to be barefoot.
It would be wise to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom almost hit a telephone pole.
It would be safe to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he intended to do that.
Tom almost always speaks French.
It would be good to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he didn't like his job.
Tom admitted he doesn't do that.
It would be easy to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary was doing.
Tom, you don't have to do that.
It was good that I did that.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary should do.
Tom, you don't do that, do you?
It took me hours to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary had to do.
Tom's technique is pretty good.
It takes courage to do that.
Tom didn't meet Mary until late in his life.
Tom's room needs to be cleaned.
It should be fun doing that.
Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be there.
Tom's house is just over there.
Is there any ice cream left?
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's sister.
Tom's guitar playing isn't bad.
Is it snowing now in Boston?
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's mother.
Tom's car was stolen last week.
Is it raining now in Boston?
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's cousin.
Tom's bad eye is his right one.
I've seen people doing that.
Tom didn't know that I was Mary's boyfriend.
Tom wouldn't tell me his plans.
I've never worked in Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom would've wanted to do that.
I've never seen you do that.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom would never try to do that.
I've learned how to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom would like to teach French.
I've got to stop doing that.
Tom didn't expect Mary to refuse to do that.
Tom would like to study French.
I've done that once already.
Tom didn't apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom would get dizzy doing that.
I've considering doing that.
Tom did that the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom would be bad at doing that.
I'm very tempted to do that.
Tom did almost the same thing that Mary did.
Tom would be a fool to do that.
I'm very anxious to do that.
Tom could be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom won't study French anymore.
I'm trying to be optimistic.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to be there.
Tom won't speak French anymore.
I'm too young to drink beer.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that today.
Tom won't likely be suspicious.
I'm too drunk to drive home.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that again.
Tom won't likely be sleepy yet.
I'm the perfect man for you.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like swimming.
Tom won't likely be reasonable.
I'm sure that's what I need.
Tom asked Mary where she had studied French.
Tom won't likely be interested.
I'm sure that'll change now.
Tom asked Mary where she had first met John.
Tom won't likely be here today.
I'm studying to be a doctor.
Tom asked Mary what time she usually got up.
Tom won't likely be handcuffed.
I'm on my way to Boston now.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite season was.
Tom won't likely be frightened.
I'm not very good at sports.
Tom asked Mary to teach John how to do that.
Tom won't likely be doing that.
I'm not sure how to respond.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go swimming.
Tom won't likely be back today.
I'm not planning to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that.
Tom won't ever do that anymore.
I'm not as old as you think.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that.
Tom won't do that until Monday.
I'm not a very good swimmer.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed horror movies.
Tom won't be home this weekend.
I'm not a good chess player.
Tom and Mary wanted to play tennis together.
Tom wishes he'd done that, too.
I'm much better than before.
Tom and Mary live across the street from me.
Tom wishes he hadn't done that.
I'm happy we came to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't do that together anymore.
Tom wished he hadn't done that.
I'm happy that you did that.
Tom and Mary don't always do the same thing.
Tom will study French tomorrow.
I'm going to go and do that.
Tom and Mary are going camping this weekend.
Tom will return this week, too.
I'm glad you didn't do that.
This morning I saw Tom and Mary in the park.
Tom will probably study French.
I'm glad that didn't happen.
Perhaps Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Tom will probably speak French.
I'm feeling a little sleepy.
Perhaps Tom can borrow some money from Mary.
Tom will probably get homesick.
I'm feeling a little hungry.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to do that.
Tom will probably do that soon.
I'm doing what I need to do.
Maybe Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom will probably be suspended.
I'm doing that this morning.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom will probably be surprised.
I'm being as quiet as I can.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that.
Tom will probably be sarcastic.
I'm a very impatient person.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary has to do that.
Tom will probably be objective.
I'll try my best to do that.
I wish Tom hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom will probably be depressed.
I'll study French next year.
I told Tom I didn't know anybody named Mary.
Tom will probably be concerned.
I'll probably do that today.
I thought Tom would be doing that with Mary.
Tom will probably be back soon.
I'll do that this afternoon.
I think Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
Tom will probably be awake now.
I'll do that if you help me.
I think Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Tom will need to do that again.
I'll do that again tomorrow.
I think Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom will likely be sympathetic.
I'll be doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom could help Mary if he wanted to.
Tom will likely be pessimistic.
I'd visit Boston if I could.
I think Tom already knows why Mary did that.
Tom will likely be discouraged.
I'd rather not do that here.
I should tell Tom why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom will likely be cooperative.
I'd rather do that tomorrow.
I heard from Tom that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom will help you study French.
I'd like you to do that now.
I don't think Tom did what Mary said he did.
Tom will have to do that again.
I'd like to see you do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom will go to Boston, I think.
I'd like to do that for you.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom will do that the next time.
I'd be reluctant to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
Tom will be in Boston all week.
I wouldn't do that with you.
Has Tom ever criticized Mary for doing that?
Tom went into the cave to hide.
I work at the train station.
Did you know Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom went into the cave and hid.
I won't do that from now on.
You should get Tom to tell Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't very friendly to me.
I won't be doing that again.
Why were Tom and Mary in Boston last month?
Tom wasn't interested in music.
I wish you'd leave me alone.
Tom's priorities aren't the same as Mary's.
Tom wasn't at school on Monday.
I wish you'd do that for me.
Tom wouldn't have expected Mary to do that.
Tom was unemployed at the time.
I wish you'd come to Boston.
Tom would be reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom was treated at a burn unit.
I wish I had visited Boston.
Tom would be disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom was careful not to do that.
I wish I had studied harder.
Tom wondered who Mary's French teacher was.
Tom was at the end of the line.
I wish I had more free time.
Tom wondered where Mary learned to do that.
Tom was advised not to do that.
I wish I had gone to Boston.
Tom wondered where Mary had studied French.
Tom wants to make a difference.
I wish I had come to Boston.
Tom wondered what movie Mary wanted to see.
Tom used to study French a lot.
I wish I could visit Boston.
Tom wondered what inspired Mary to do that.
Tom used to go to Boston a lot.
I wish I could study French.
Tom won't likely be as cooperative as Mary.
Tom used to be able to do that.
I wish I could go to Boston.
Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom turned up three hours late.
I went swimming last Monday.
Tom wasn't the one who helped Mary do that.
Tom tried to help the old lady.
Tom was the one who wanted Mary to do that.
Tom told me you went to Boston.
I watched a romantic comedy.
Tom was happy that Mary helped him do that.
Tom told me you studied French.
I wasn't willing to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom told me to stop doing that.
I wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Tom wanted Mary to show you how to do that.
Tom told me to quit doing that.
I wasn't wearing a name tag.
Tom took a lot of pictures of Mary's house.
Tom told me to go to bed early.
I wasn't there this morning.
Tom told Mary why he wanted her to do that.
Tom told me that he's unbiased.
I wasn't sure what to think.
Tom told Mary why he needed her to do that.
Tom told me that he's unafraid.
I wasn't sure what happened.
Tom told Mary to stop being so pessimistic.
Tom told me that he's ticklish.
I wasn't kidding about that.
Tom told Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom told me that he's prepared.
I wasn't in class yesterday.
Tom told Mary that he'd be able to do that.
Tom told me he knew my brother.
I wasn't having a good time.
Tom told Mary that he was ready to do that.
Tom told me I should wait here.
I wasn't expecting any help.
Tom told Mary that he told John to do that.
Tom told me I couldn't do that.
I wasn't able to stay awake.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was cute.
Tom thought you should do that.
I wasn't able to get a visa.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sad.
Tom thinks that we can do that.
I wasn't able to find a job.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was out.
Tom teaches French once a week.
I was told to do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was mad.
Tom still studies French a lot.
I was in no mood to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was fat.
Tom still doesn't speak French.
I was determined to do that.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom spent the whole day hiking.
I was alone in the elevator.
Tom told Mary only what she needed to know.
Tom spent some time doing that.
I wanted to go to the beach.
Tom told Mary it was OK for her to do that.
Tom sounded like he had a cold.
I wanted to go to Australia.
Tom thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom sold used cars for a while.
Tom thought Mary would be more cooperative.
Tom showed me a way to do that.
I want to work in a factory.
Tom thought Mary wasn't nervous doing that.
Tom should've done that sooner.
I want to visit Boston, too.
Tom thought Mary wasn't drunk, but she was.
Tom should've done that by now.
I want to talk to you again.
Tom thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom should've done much better.
I want to study French, too.
Tom thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom should've bought more food.
I want to stay here tonight.
Tom thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom should've been sympathetic.
I want to sit by the window.
Tom thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom should've been cooperative.
I want to meet your parents.
Tom thinks Mary would probably not do that.
Tom should've been able to win.
I want to go to grad school.
Tom thinks Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom should really study French.
I want to go to Boston, too.
Tom thinks Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom should never do that again.
I want to go out for a walk.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary has to do.
Tom should consider doing that.
I want to get out of prison.
Tom started crying when Mary left the room.
Tom should come back to Boston.
I want to get married again.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday with Mary.
Tom should be here after lunch.
I want to dye my hair black.
Tom spends a lot of time talking with Mary.
Tom set traps to catch rabbits.
I want to do that very much.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he'd never do that.
Tom seldom, if ever, does that.
I want to do that by myself.
Tom should've bought some flowers for Mary.
Tom seems unwilling to do that.
I want to cross this bridge.
Tom should've asked Mary to stay in Boston.
Tom seems to know who did that.
I want to borrow some money.
Tom should've asked Mary to come to Boston.
Tom seems to be very miserable.
I want to be like my father.
Tom should try to get Mary to do that, too.
Tom seems to be feeling lonely.
I want to be a veterinarian.
Tom should tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom seems to be afraid of dogs.
I want to be a fire fighter.
Tom should tell Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom seemed to enjoy doing that.
I usually eat dinner at six.
Tom should tell Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom says things are going well.
I thought you would be late.
Tom should tell Mary he'll never leave her.
Tom says that he won't do that.
I thought you weren't awake.
Tom should tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom says that he can swim well.
I thought you might do that.
Tom should do that the way Mary showed him.
Tom says he's good at swimming.
I thought this would happen.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary did that.
Tom says he's good at juggling.
I thought it would be worse.
Tom says he'll ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom says he's good at baseball.
I think I already know that.
Tom says he understands why Mary is scared.
Tom says he's eager to do that.
I study French all the time.
Tom says he thought Mary was a good friend.
Tom says he'll quit doing that.
I still have thirty dollars.
Tom says he saw Mary when he was in Boston.
Tom says he'll need to do that.
I shouldn't have to do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't buy a scooter.
Tom says he'll keep doing that.
I shouldn't have left early.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom says he'll have to do that.
I shouldn't have been there.
Tom says he doesn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom says he'll do that for you.
I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would do that.
Tom says he would've paid more.
I should've locked the door.
Tom says he didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom says he won't speak French.
I should've been suspicious.
Tom says Mary is thinking about doing that.
Tom says he intends to do that.
I should make a reservation.
Tom says Mary is still planning to do that.
Tom says he followed the rules.
I should do that right away.
Tom says Mary has forgotten how to do that.
Tom says he feels the same way.
I should do that more often.
Tom says Mary doesn't feel like doing that.
Tom says he can't speak French.
I should definitely do that.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be interested.
Tom says he believes in ghosts.
Tom said that's not what Mary wanted to do.
Tom saw a ship in the distance.
I remember having done that.
Tom said that's not what Mary needed to do.
Tom said you're not happy here.
I only do what I want to do.
Tom said that he couldn't wait to see Mary.
Tom said you'd do that for him.
I need your help to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said you should be careful.
I need to pay my rent today.
Tom said that Mary was having a lot of fun.
Tom said the game was exciting.
I need to leave early today.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be tired.
Tom said the audience was huge.
I need to improve my grades.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be happy.
Tom said that it'd happen soon.
I need to get more exercise.
Tom said he'd never permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he won't do that.
I need to do that every day.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to participate.
Tom said that he wasn't sleepy.
I need to do that by myself.
Tom said he'd ask Mary to buy that for you.
Tom said that he wasn't bitter.
I need to buy a new toaster.
Tom said he wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom said that I should do that.
I need to buy a new bicycle.
Tom said he was going to ask Mary to leave.
Tom said losing isn't much fun.
I need to be home on Monday.
Tom said he wanted to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom said it's a common problem.
I might go home early today.
Tom said he wanted Mary to do that for him.
Tom said his house was damaged.
I may have to do that again.
Tom said he thought he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said he's ready to do that.
I may do whatever I want to.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said he's glad he did that.
I looked down at the ground.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said he's done that before.
I looked at the speedometer.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said he's done all of that.
I looked around at everyone.
Tom said he thought Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said he's always done that.
I live in a gated community.
Tom said he saw Mary in the park yesterday.
Tom said he'll quit doing that.
I know you'll never do that.
Tom said he remembered seeing Mary do that.
Tom said he'll help us do that.
I know why you're terrified.
Tom said he knew why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said he'll do that for you.
I know why you're surprised.
Tom said he knew who Mary's ex-husband was.
Tom said he'd unlikely do that.
I know why you got confused.
Tom said he knew what Mary was going to do.
Tom said he'd retire this year.
I know why I should do that.
Tom said he hoped Mary would do that today.
Tom said he'd probably do that.
I know who broke the window.
Tom said he didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom said he'd do that tomorrow.
I know what that's used for.
Tom said he didn't think Mary was sleeping.
Tom said he'd do that if I did.
I know that you're bluffing.
Tom said almost the same thing as Mary did.
Tom said he'd do that for sure.
I know that I'm replaceable.
Tom said Mary will likely do that tomorrow.
Tom said he'd do that for free.
I know something about this.
Tom said Mary wasn't at school last Monday.
Tom said he'd buy that for you.
I know several magic tricks.
Tom said Mary wasn't alone when he saw her.
Tom said he would visit Boston.
I know not to do that again.
Tom said Mary was told not to do that here.
Tom said he won't visit Boston.
I know it was all a mistake.
Tom said Mary was the one with the problem.
Tom said he won't speak French.
I know it isn't a good idea.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be upset.
Tom said he won't go to Boston.
I know how to play checkers.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be tired.
Tom said he wasn't a terrorist.
I know how to handle myself.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be drunk.
Tom said he was good at French.
I know how to drive a truck.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be awake.
Tom said he was feeling hungry.
I know how to defend myself.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be alone.
Tom said he wanted to be early.
I know how to assert myself.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be alive.
Tom said he regrets doing that.
I know change won't be easy.
Tom said Mary was likely to be unimpressed.
Tom said he only did that once.
I know a lot about baseball.
Tom said Mary was likely to be sympathetic.
Tom said he might visit Boston.
I know a good place to hide.
Tom said Mary was likely to be pessimistic.
Tom said he heard an explosion.
I know I'm not welcome here.
Tom said Mary was likely to be intoxicated.
Tom said he got out of the way.
I know I'm not going to win.
Tom said Mary was likely to be embarrassed.
Tom said he enjoyed doing that.
I know I should be studying.
Tom said Mary was likely to be discouraged.
Tom said he enjoyed being here.
I know I need to be patient.
Tom said Mary was likely to be cooperative.
Tom said he didn't have a wife.
I know I have to be patient.
Tom said Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he did that on Monday.
I knew that I could do that.
Tom said Mary was going to help us do that.
Tom said he could've done that.
I knew I was being followed.
Tom said Mary was going to do that herself.
Tom said he can't speak French.
I keep a gun under the seat.
Tom said Mary was going to Boston with him.
Tom said he believed in ghosts.
I just do what I want to do.
Tom said Mary was glad she got there early.
Tom said almost the same thing.
I just do what I need to do.
Tom said Mary was crying all day yesterday.
Tom said Monday should be busy.
I just do what I have to do.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said I should've done that.
I just did that an hour ago.
Tom said Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said I should visit Boston.
I just did it for the money.
Tom said Mary is willing to take that risk.
Tom said I should study harder.
I intend to do that forever.
Tom said Mary is willing to do that for us.
Tom said I should study French.
I hope you remember my name.
Tom said Mary is willing to do that for me.
Tom said I should speak French.
I hope you agree to do that.
Tom said Mary is unenthusiastic about that.
Tom said I looked really tired.
I hope to be back on Monday.
Tom said Mary is troubled by what happened.
Tom said I looked really happy.
I hope I don't get laid off.
Tom said Mary is probably still unemployed.
Tom said I looked really angry.
I hope I didn't hurt anyone.
Tom said Mary is probably still suspicious.
Tom said I looked pretty tired.
I helped people off the bus.
Tom said Mary is probably still frustrated.
Tom said I looked disappointed.
I heard that you'll do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still frightened.
Tom said I had to study French.
I haven't washed the dishes.
Tom said Mary is probably still downstairs.
Tom said I had to speak French.
I have to pay my rent today.
Tom said Mary is probably still doing that.
Tom regretted having done that.
I have to do that on Monday.
Tom said Mary is going to do that tomorrow.
Tom refused to help us do that.
I have to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary is going to do that for John.
Tom refused to help me do that.
I have to do that by Monday.
Tom said Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom really was my first choice.
I have three adult children.
Tom said Mary has never met John's parents.
Tom really should study French.
I have no reason to do that.
Tom said Mary has never eaten Mexican food.
Tom really should speak French.
I hate people who tell lies.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia before.
Tom really should go to Boston.
I hate driving on icy roads.
Tom said Mary has always been very helpful.
Tom put on his coat and gloves.
I had the day off yesterday.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to do that this week.
Tom promised to do that for me.
I guess I'll try doing that.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that today.
Tom promised me he'd check on it.
I got to Boston before dark.
Tom said Mary didn't sound very optimistic.
Tom promised he would be there.
I go to Boston once a month.
Tom said Mary didn't need to do that today.
Tom probably shouldn't do that.
I gave up trying to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't need to do that again.
Tom plans to go back to Boston.
I forgot to buy the tickets.
Tom said Mary didn't have to do that today.
Tom plans to buy another car.
I finally agreed to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't have to do that again.
Tom owned a bar on Park Street.
I figured this would happen.
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to read.
Tom only wanted thirty dollars.
I felt compelled to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't have a dependable car.
Tom only needed thirty dollars.
I feel compelled to do that.
Tom said I should've asked Mary to help me.
Tom only does that on weekends.
I don't want to take a taxi.
Tom refused to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom often gets home about 2:30.
I don't want to leave early.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is here.
Tom never visited me in prison.
I don't want to kill anyone.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom never does that on his own.
I don't want to be the boss.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom never does that by himself.
I don't want to be punished.
Tom probably doesn't know how sick Mary is.
Tom needs to come home by 2:30.
I don't want to be arrested.
Tom probably doesn't know how rich Mary is.
Tom needs to buy a new bicycle.
I don't want to be a lawyer.
Tom only told Mary what she needed to know.
Tom needs to be home on Monday.
I don't want that right now.
Tom needs to make sure that Mary does that.
Tom needed to be ready by 2:30.
I don't want anyone to know.
Tom must've thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom must be tempted to do that.
I don't usually lock my car.
Tom must've thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom might not do that tomorrow.
I don't usually eat dessert.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he loved her.
Tom might need to speak French.
I don't think it's my fault.
Tom let Mary know that he couldn't do that.
Tom might have to teach French.
I don't think I'll be early.
Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom might have to study French.
I don't think I'll be bored.
Tom knows Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom might have to speak French.
I don't think I'll be alone.
Tom just told Mary what she needed to know.
Tom may have anything he wants.
I don't really speak French.
Tom isn't likely to permit Mary to do that.
Tom may go to Boston next week.
I don't really like to swim.
Tom is waiting for Mary to do that for him.
Tom may do that if he wants to.
I don't really believe that.
Tom is still reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom looks like he belongs here.
I don't plan to leave today.
Tom is good at singing, but Mary is better.
Tom looked like he wasn't busy.
I don't need to leave today.
Tom is going to be very sad if Mary leaves.
Tom likes the way you did that.
I don't need to do that now.
Tom is doing that because Mary told him to.
Tom likes science, but I don't.
I don't mind if you do that.
Tom informed Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom likes playing in the creek.
I don't like washing dishes.
Tom informed Mary why he needed to do that.
Tom likes Boston and I do, too.
I don't like this very much.
Tom hopes Mary knows what needs to be done.
Tom likely won't be back today.
I don't like spinach at all.
Tom has told Mary that he needs to do that.
Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I don't like romance novels.
Tom has told Mary not to buy anything else.
Tom knows that I won't do that.
I don't like fish very much.
Tom has already given Mary what she wanted.
Tom knows not to do that again.
I don't like doing homework.
Tom had no idea what Mary him wanted to do.
Tom knows it isn't a good idea.
I don't like being a waiter.
Tom had a hunch that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knows how to throw a party.
I don't know who'll do that.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom knows he can't be replaced.
I don't know who to believe.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary did that.
Tom knows I can't speak French.
I don't know what was wrong.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that right now.
Tom knew what ought to be done.
I don't know much about art.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was having fun.
Tom knew that he could do that.
I don't know how to proceed.
Tom doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom knew it wasn't a good idea.
I don't have to leave today.
Tom doesn't think he could do that to Mary.
Tom just wants to stay at home.
I don't have to do that now.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be interested.
Tom isn't where he wants to be.
I don't have my phone on me.
Tom doesn't think Mary will really do that.
Tom isn't very good at singing.
I don't have much more time.
Tom doesn't think Mary will likely do that.
Tom isn't very good at dancing.
I don't have any experience.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be sympathetic.
Tom isn't too young to do that.
I don't have a bank account.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be embarrassed.
Tom isn't qualified to do that.
I don't get enough exercise.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be discouraged.
Tom isn't permitted to do that.
I don't even own a computer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be cooperative.
Tom isn't patient enough to do that.
I don't enjoy swimming laps.
Tom doesn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom isn't often busy on Monday.
I don't enjoy playing chess.
Tom doesn't think Mary intended to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be up.
I don't eat very much fruit.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom isn't able to speak French.
I don't complain about that.
Tom doesn't really care how Mary does that.
Tom is working at a restaurant.
I don't come here very much.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes coffee.
Tom is wearing a hat like mine.
I don't come here every day.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom is very willing to do that.
I don't care if you do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is scared of him.
Tom is too weak to do that now.
I do that every day at 2:30.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid of him.
Tom is too sick to do that now.
I do that because I want to.
Tom doesn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom is too immature to do that.
I do that as often as I can.
Tom doesn't know where Mary studies French.
Tom is too confused to do that.
I do only what I want to do.
Tom doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom is too busy to do that now.
I do only what I need to do.
Tom doesn't know where Mary goes to school.
Tom is the only one with a key.
I do only what I have to do.
Tom doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom is the one who's been busy.
Tom doesn't have as much time as Mary does.
Tom is the one we want to hire.
I didn't want to see anyone.
Tom doesn't have as many cats as Mary does.
Tom is the manager of our team.
I didn't want to compromise.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to do that for him.
Tom is the manager of our band.
I didn't want any more help.
Tom doesn't do that the same way Mary does.
Tom is the man we want to hire.
I didn't think it was funny.
Tom does that so much better than Mary can.
Tom is the bassist in our band.
I didn't think I'd get hurt.
Tom didn't think that would embarrass Mary.
Tom is supposed to be sleeping.
I didn't think I'd be early.
Tom didn't think that Mary knew what to do.
Tom is studying French already.
I didn't talk to the police.
Tom didn't think Mary would likely do that.
Tom is still working in Boston.
I didn't take many pictures.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so careless.
Tom is still in jail in Boston.
I didn't study for the test.
Tom didn't think Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom is still cleaning his room.
I didn't sign the agreement.
Tom didn't think Mary would be disobedient.
Tom is still afraid to do that.
I didn't practice on Monday.
Tom didn't think Mary would be discouraged.
Tom is starting to settle down.
I didn't plan on doing this.
Tom didn't think Mary would be cooperative.
Tom is probably doing that now.
I didn't mean to be so late.
Tom didn't think Mary was ready to do that.
Tom is prepared to do that now.
I didn't like Boston at all.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom is positive he can do that.
I didn't know you had a car.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom is only thirteen years old.
I didn't know what this was.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom is often absent from class.
I didn't have what I needed.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wanted to eat.
Tom is making breakfast for us.
I didn't have time to think.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wanted to buy.
Tom is lucky he can still walk.
I didn't have time to relax.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he needed to buy.
Tom is likely to still be weak.
I didn't have any more time.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary had done.
Tom is likely to still be lost.
I didn't go to school today.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is likely to still be here.
I didn't go there yesterday.
Tom didn't know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom is likely to still be cold.
I didn't go home last night.
Tom didn't know where Mary's parents lived.
Tom is likely to be unemployed.
I didn't feel like studying.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going to go.
Tom is likely to be suspicious.
I didn't feel like laughing.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's niece.
Tom is likely to be reasonable.
I didn't expect to get paid.
Tom didn't know that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom is likely to be interested.
I didn't expect that answer.
Tom didn't know how to get to Mary's house.
Tom is likely to be handcuffed.
I didn't enter the building.
Tom didn't know Mary would do that so well.
Tom is likely to be frustrated.
I didn't complete my degree.
Tom didn't know Mary had already done that.
Tom is likely to be frightened.
I didn't attend the meeting.
Tom didn't believe that Mary had done that.
Tom is likely to be downstairs.
I didn't ask you to help me.
Tom didn't believe Mary would ever do that.
Tom is likely to be displeased.
I didn't act quickly enough.
Tom did what he could to help Mary do that.
Tom is likely be busy tomorrow.
I did that without any help.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to leave.
Tom is learning how to do that.
I did that whenever I could.
Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
Tom is hesitant not to do that.
I did that when I was drunk.
Tom could likely talk Mary into doing that.
Tom is good at teaching French.
I did that just a while ago.
Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
Tom is expected to participate.
I did almost the same thing.
Tom convinced Mary that she should do that.
Tom is expected back on Monday.
I could never do that again.
Tom convinced Mary that she had to do that.
Tom is doing what he has to do.
I come to Boston very often.
Tom can likely talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is definitely able to do that.
I can't wait to get married.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom is better than ever before.
I can't speak French either.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to do that.
Tom is being forced to do that.
I can get you what you want.
Tom asked Mary why she was studying French.
Tom is an outstanding musician.
I can get you what you need.
Tom asked Mary where she'd gone to college.
Tom is already studying French.
I can do that with one hand.
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted to eat.
Tom is able to do that as well.
I can do anything I want to.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite color was.
Tom is a very talented drummer.
I bought some new furniture.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to do that.
Tom is a very good bass player.
I avoid doing that if I can.
Tom asked Mary not to speak French to John.
Tom is a taxi driver in Boston.
I also plan to visit Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that today.
Tom is a member of a golf club.
I already know what I'll do.
Tom and Mary's children are already adults.
Tom is a man who takes chances.
I almost did that yesterday.
Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom is a heavy metal guitarist.
Tom and Mary stayed with us for three days.
Tom insisted on my helping him.
How often does it snow here?
Tom and Mary seem to be very close friends.
Tom injured himself doing that.
How often do you read books?
Tom and Mary met three years ago in Boston.
Tom hasn't studied French much.
How often are you in Boston?
Tom and Mary have decided to leave at dawn.
Tom hasn't promised to do that.
How are you able to do that?
Tom and Mary don't often do the same thing.
Tom hasn't had a break all day.
Have you ever taught French?
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to do that.
Tom hasn't done that this year.
Have you done that recently?
Tom and Mary are getting married next year.
Tom hasn't done that in months.
Everyone is watching soccer.
Tom and John are both Mary's ex-boyfriends.
Tom hasn't done that for years.
Don't you intend to do that?
Tom and I used to be Mary's backup singers.
Tom hasn't closed the door yet.
Don't show that to children.
Maybe Tom doesn't know where Mary is going.
Tom hasn't been doing anything.
Don't go anywhere alone, OK?
I'd rather do that with Tom than with Mary.
Tom hasn't asked me to do that.
Don't forget to do that, OK?
I wonder why Tom said he doesn't know Mary.
Tom has written several novels.
Doing that's very important.
I think Tom could convince Mary to do that.
Tom has volunteered to do that.
Doing that wouldn't be easy.
I think Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom has told us not to do that.
Doing that would be foolish.
I know Tom wouldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom has told me not to do that.
Doing that wasn't very easy.
I hope Tom knows what Mary wants him to do.
Tom has told me he can do that.
Do your children drink milk?
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom has to continue doing that.
Do you want a piece of cake?
I don't think Tom is still married to Mary.
Tom has some very rich friends.
Do you still listen to jazz?
I don't know why Tom wants Mary to do that.
Tom has some Canadians friends.
Do you plan to visit Boston?
I don't know why Tom and Mary were arguing.
Tom has said he should do that.
Do you plan to go to Boston?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are fighting.
Tom has said he has to do that.
Do you like to wear jewelry?
I didn't want Tom to go shopping with Mary.
Tom has received a lot of help.
Do you like teaching French?
I didn't realize Tom was Mary's girlfriend.
Tom has really helped me a lot.
Do you like studying French?
I didn't know that Tom was married to Mary.
Tom has really done that a lot.
Do you know those gentlemen?
I didn't know that Tom was engaged to Mary.
Tom has published another book.
Do you have to study French?
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's grandson.
Tom has promised to come again.
Do you have to go to Boston?
I didn't know Tom had to help Mary do that.
Tom has never asked me to help.
Do you have time to do that?
Have you heard the news about Tom and Mary?
Tom has mental health problems.
Do you do that every Monday?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were fighting?
Tom has made a serious mistake.
Do you come to Boston often?
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's grandmother?
Tom has had that job for years.
Do that before it gets dark.
Did you know that Tom saw you kissing Mary?
Tom has had a heart transplant.
Do that as fast as possible.
You should tell Tom Mary wants to do that.
Tom has gotten better at chess.
Do people in Australia eat a lot of meat?
You should tell Tom Mary needs to do that.
Tom has given me a lot of help.
Didn't you know that before?
You should get Tom to ask Mary to do that.
Tom has enough time to do that.
Didn't you know any of them?
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that.
Tom has been trying to do that.
Didn't you know any of that?
Tom wondered why Mary was studying French.
Tom has been told not to leave.
Didn't you know I'd do that?
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom has been sneezing all week.
Did you really visit Boston?
Tom will likely talk Mary into doing that.
Tom has been pretty nice to us.
Did you really go to Boston?
Tom will be upset if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom has been pretty good to us.
Did you know it was snowing?
Tom will be lonely now that Mary has gone.
Tom has been looking for a job.
Couldn't you do that for me?
Tom was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom has been in several movies.
Could I borrow your stapler?
Tom was sure Mary knew she had to do that.
Tom has been hoping to do that.
Can you see any differences?
Tom warned Mary not to lend money to John.
Tom has been given a tough job.
Can I go to Boston with you?
Tom told Mary that he'd help John do that.
Tom has been fired three times.
Are you willing to go there?
Tom told Mary that he'd be home on Monday.
Tom has been chosen to do that.
Are you still a gang member?
Tom told Mary that he would be supportive.
Tom has been busy since Monday.
Are you obliged to go there?
Tom told Mary that he thought she was hot.
Tom has about thirty cookbooks.
Are you ever late for class?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was up.
Tom has a store on Park Street.
Are we permitted to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was OK.
Tom has a mother who loves him.
All of us will go to Boston.
Tom told Mary not to be afraid to do that.
Tom has a lump on his forehead.
Your secretary looked busy.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom has a house on Park Street.
Your room isn't very large.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't be at her party.
Tom has a good time doing that.
Your room isn't very clean.
Tom told Mary he didn't intend to do that.
Tom had to resign from his job.
Your name is on the ballot.
Tom told Mary he could do that by himself.
Tom had the courage to do that.
Your allegations are false.
Tom told Mary John wasn't able to do that.
Tom had reason to be concerned.
Your accusations are false.
Tom told Mary John didn't want to do that.
Tom had every right to do that.
Your French is really good.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom had a very successful year.
You've done so much for us.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom had a good time doing that.
You're tempted, aren't you?
Tom thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom goes to bed at ten o'clock.
You're such an inspiration.
Tom thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom goes to Boston quite often.
You're my favorite teacher.
Tom thought Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom goes to Boston once a year.
You're expected to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be ready to do that.
Tom gets paid a lot to do that.
You're entitled to do that.
Tom still hopes Mary will do that for him.
Tom frequently comes to Boston.
You're annoyed, aren't you?
Tom spent three hours with Mary yesterday.
Tom finally managed to do that.
You're a very good student.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary.
Tom filled his glass with wine.
You're a very good painter.
Tom smiled when Mary walked into the room.
Tom felt himself being carried.
You're a very good drummer.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about what he did.
Tom fell overboard and drowned.
You're a very creative guy.
Tom shouldn't have done that without Mary.
Tom enjoys reading comic books.
You're a really good coach.
Tom should've asked Mary why she did that.
Tom eats oatmeal for breakfast.
You're a really bad driver.
Tom should tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom drew me a map to his house.
You're a pretty stupid guy.
Tom should tell Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom doesn't want to be jealous.
You're a good photographer.
Tom should tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom doesn't want me to do that.
You're a good chess player.
Tom should tell Mary not to do that again.
Tom doesn't think I'll do that.
You're a good banjo player.
Tom should tell Mary not to be frightened.
Tom doesn't study French a lot.
You'll do that, too, right?
Tom should probably tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom doesn't seem to be unhappy.
You'd love skiing, I think.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's hungry.
Tom doesn't often study French.
You'd better do that today.
Tom seemed to know what Mary wanted to do.
Tom doesn't often speak French.
You'd better do that again.
Tom seemed to know what Mary needed to do.
Tom doesn't need to do a thing.
You work nights, don't you?
Tom says he's willing to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't like to talk a lot.
You work nearby, don't you?
Tom says he knows Mary can't speak French.
Tom doesn't like to be outside.
You want to win, don't you?
Tom says he hopes Mary refuses to do that.
Tom doesn't like being lied to.
You volunteered to do this.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to avoid.
Tom doesn't know much about it.
You usually do that for us.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who did that.
Tom doesn't get paid much to do that.
You took notes, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary did that.
Tom doesn't even know who I am.
You told us not to do that.
Tom says Mary has never been to his house.
Tom doesn't do that very often.
You shouldn't buy that car.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that.
Tom doesn't do that on Mondays.
You should help me do that.
Tom says Mary didn't come home last night.
Tom doesn't care who does that.
You should drink something.
Tom sat next to Mary with his arm around her.
Tom doesn't believe I did that.
You seemed to be exhausted.
Tom said the accident wasn't Mary's fault.
Tom does what he's asked to do.
You seemed to be depressed.
Tom said that's not what Mary wants to do.
Tom does want to go to college.
You seem a bit disoriented.
Tom said that's not what Mary needs to do.
Tom does that when he's sleepy.
You rarely do that anymore.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom does that when he's hungry.
You promised you'd do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom does that for us every day.
You play tennis, don't you?
Tom said that Mary won't do that tomorrow.
Tom does do that, but not well.
You play hockey, don't you?
Tom said that Mary wasn't working anymore.
Tom died at his home on Monday.
You ought to do that today.
Tom said that Mary wasn't married anymore.
Tom didn't want to work for us.
You must not do that again.
Tom said that Mary wanted to talk to John.
Tom didn't want to take a taxi.
You may borrow my umbrella.
Tom said that Mary should be more careful.
Tom didn't want to go swimming.
You look worse than before.
Tom said that Mary has to be more careful.
Tom didn't want me to help him.
You look very disappointed.
Tom said that Mary has been sick all week.
Tom didn't take the medication.
You look lost and confused.
Tom said that Mary had been very careless.
Tom didn't study French either.
You look like you're happy.
Tom said that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't speak French either.
You look like you're bored.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be busy.
Tom didn't seem to have a cold.
You look a little confused.
Tom said he's willing to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't say why he did that.
You look a bit embarrassed.
Tom said he'll do that for Mary this time.
Tom didn't remember to do that.
You live nearby, don't you?
Tom said he'd ask Mary to do that for you.
Tom didn't remember doing that.
You like sports, don't you?
Tom said he'd ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom didn't really seem shocked.
You like soccer, don't you?
Tom said he wished Mary would never leave.
Tom didn't hesitate to do that.
You like reggae, don't you?
Tom said he was hoping he could help Mary.
Tom didn't have what he needed.
You like horses, don't you?
Tom said he was going to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't have a dog for long.
You like hockey, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom didn't get paid to do that.
You like comics, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very busy.
Tom didn't finish his homework.
You like coffee, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom didn't even try to do that.
You like cheese, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't at school.
Tom didn't do that fast enough.
You inspired us to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom did what we told him to do.
You hate school, don't you?
Tom said he sold his car to Mary for $300.
Tom did what he intended to do.
You drank beer, didn't you?
Tom said he sees Mary at school every day.
Tom did what I asked him to do.
You don't smile very often.
Tom said he knew that Mary should do that.
Tom did that whenever he could.
You don't have to eat that.
Tom said he knew that Mary had to do that.
Tom did that until it got dark.
You do that extremely well.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid.
Tom did that in methodical way.
You did that the wrong way.
Tom said he hoped Mary would do that soon.
Tom did that a number of times.
You biked home, didn't you?
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom did that a couple of times.
Would you all please leave?
Tom said he didn't know why Mary did that.
Tom decided to do that instead.
Won't you do that tomorrow?
Tom said he didn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom decided against doing that.
Why won't you come with me?
Tom said he assumed Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom couldn't do that, could he?
Why should we study French?
Tom said Mary would very unlikely do that.
Tom couldn't afford to do that.
Why should we go to Boston?
Tom said Mary would probably be back soon.
Tom could've been more careful.
Why is it wrong to do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't reluctant to do that.
Tom could still be unconvinced.
Why don't you just do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom could quit if he wanted to.
Why don't you go to school?
Tom said Mary wasn't annoyed by the noise.
Tom could force you to do that.
Why don't you do that more?
Tom said Mary was trying to be optimistic.
Tom could easily have said yes.
Why do you like doing that?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be weak.
Tom could be stubborn at times.
Why did you try to do that?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be lost.
Tom could be afraid to do that.
Why can't you go to Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be here.
Tom complained about the smell.
Why are we studying French?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be cold.
Tom can't teach French anymore.
Whose sunglasses are these?
Tom said Mary was likely to be unemployed.
Tom can't speak French, either.
Who's the one who did that?
Tom said Mary was likely to be suspicious.
Tom can't go to Boston, either.
Who's supposed to be there?
Tom said Mary was likely to be supportive.
Tom can't go to Boston with me.
Who's living in Boston now?
Tom said Mary was likely to be reasonable.
Tom can speak French, can't he?
Who's in the classroom now?
Tom said Mary was likely to be interested.
Tom can have anything he wants.
Who were you swimming with?
Tom said Mary was likely to be frustrated.
Tom can do that if he wants to.
Who was in Boston with you?
Tom said Mary was likely to be frightened.
Tom can do that extremely well.
Who picked all the peaches?
Tom said Mary was likely to be displeased.
Tom can do that again tomorrow.
Who else did that with you?
Tom said Mary was happy that you did that.
Tom came up with a good excuse.
Who did you hear that from?
Tom said Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom came to visit us yesterday.
Who are you thinking about?
Tom said Mary was going to take that risk.
Tom came out of the room first.
Which train will you be on?
Tom said Mary was going to do that for us.
Tom bought that car for $3,000.
Which of the boys did that?
Tom said Mary was going to do that for me.
Tom bought a lot near the lake.
Where's my striped sweater?
Tom said Mary was going to do that anyway.
Tom became a professor in 2013.
Where will you be tomorrow?
Tom said Mary was glad he got there early.
Tom barely had time to do that.
Where were you last spring?
Tom said Mary was excused from doing that.
Tom asked me to sweep the room.
Where did you study French?
Tom said Mary was asleep when he got home.
Tom asked me to close the door.
When will you take a break?
Tom said Mary was almost ready to do that.
Tom asked me several questions.
When did the concert start?
Tom said Mary wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom asked me if I had a sister.
What's your favorite month?
Tom said Mary should've gone home earlier.
Tom asked if he had to do that.
What's Boston's population?
Tom said Mary ought to do that by herself.
Tom arrived earlier than I did.
What will you leave behind?
Tom said Mary is probably still terrified.
Tom apologized to the audience.
What time will you do that?
Tom said Mary is probably still skeptical.
Tom and I've talked about that.
What didn't you understand?
Tom said Mary is probably still sarcastic.
Tom and I yelled at each other.
What did you eat yesterday?
Tom said Mary is probably still irritated.
Tom and I were laughing at you.
What color is your new coat?
Tom said Mary is probably still in Boston.
Tom and I went hiking together.
What color car did you buy?
Tom said Mary is probably still depressed.
Tom and I want to study French.
We've had a very good year.
Tom said Mary is probably still concerned.
Tom and I want to speak to you.
We've been told to do that.
Tom said Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom and I want to learn French.
We've all done that before.
Tom said Mary is going to help us do that.
Tom and I walked home together.
We were in Boston together.
Tom said Mary is going to do that herself.
Tom and I tied for third place.
We visited Boston together.
Tom said Mary hasn't been very supportive.
Tom and I talked all afternoon.
We succeeded in doing that.
Tom said Mary has never been to his house.
Tom and I talked about the war.
We regret coming to Boston.
Tom said Mary has been waiting since 2:30.
Tom and I stood close together.
We really did go to Boston.
Tom said Mary has been robbed three times.
Tom and I still live in Boston.
We need to do that by 2:30.
Tom said Mary doesn't want to do that now.
Tom and I stared at each other.
We left the house together.
Tom said Mary didn't sound very surprised.
Tom and I smiled at each other.
We have to find a solution.
Tom said Mary didn't sound very confident.
Tom and I seldom work together.
We have a meeting tomorrow.
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to eat.
Tom and I sang a duet together.
We go to Boston every year.
Tom said Mary didn't have a place to stay.
Tom and I reached an agreement.
We didn't have enough time.
Tom said Mary apologized for what she did.
Tom and I often play billiards.
We can't understand French.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary to do that.
Tom and I nodded to each other.
We came to Boston together.
Tom promised Mary that he'd quit drinking.
Tom and I met three months ago.
We all have studied French.
Tom probably doesn't want Mary to do that.
Tom and I looked at each other.
Tom pretended not to hear Mary's question.
Tom and I like the same things.
Those aren't my sunglasses.
Tom passed away in the same year Mary did.
Tom and I know each other well.
This report has many typos.
Tom noticed that Mary had a new hairstyle.
Tom and I have three daughters.
They haven't done that yet.
Tom needs to be ready when Mary gets here.
Tom and I got matching tattoos.
They aren't doing that yet.
Tom must've thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom and I got into an argument.
There's nowhere else to go.
Tom knows Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom and I got divorced in 2013.
There's no way I'd do that.
Tom knew that Mary didn't want to be here.
Tom and I glared at each other.
The time to do that is now.
Tom knew that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom and I depend on each other.
The noise didn't bother me.
Tom knew that Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom and I bought matching caps.
That'll be very easy to do.
Tom knew that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom and I became close friends.
Should I do that right now?
Tom isn't going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom and I are still doing that.
Please do that if you like.
Tom is willing to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are proud of our son.
Please do that by tomorrow.
Tom is trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom and I are on the same team.
Please buy some tangerines.
Tom is the only person Mary ever talks to.
Tom and I are on our honeymoon.
Our strategy isn't working.
Tom is allowed to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are now eating lunch.
Our situation isn't unique.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that anymore.
Tom and I are going to be fine.
Only the teachers did that.
Tom hopes Mary knows what she needs to do.
Tom and I are college students.
One of us needs to do that.
Tom helped Mary decide which dress to buy.
Tom and I agreed on everything.
October 20th was a hot day.
Tom hasn't slept well since Mary left him.
Tom and I agree on many things.
Now is the time to do that.
Tom hasn't done that as often as Mary has.
Tom always speaks French to me.
My wife left me in October.
Tom has told Mary that she has to do that.
Tom always seems to be serious.
My vacation ends on Monday.
Tom has done what Mary expected him to do.
Tom always seems to be relaxed.
My situation was different.
Tom has borrowed a lot of money from Mary.
Tom always seems to be nervous.
My sister has many friends.
Tom has apologized to Mary for doing that.
Tom always seems to be healthy.
My right arm is in a sling.
Tom has advised Mary not to do that again.
Tom always seems to be excited.
My priorities have changed.
Tom grabbed the letter out of Mary's hand.
Tom always seems to be annoyed.
My prediction was accurate.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had on him.
Tom always has a good appetite.
My place is easy to get to.
Tom forgave Mary for breaking her promise.
Tom also plans to study French.
My mother didn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom agreed not to speak French.
My last day will be Monday.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was in Boston.
Tom admitted he was very tired.
My house is well insulated.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is having fun.
Tom admitted he didn't do that.
My house is on Park Street.
Tom doesn't think that John is Mary's son.
Tom's trial started on Monday.
My hair is getting thinner.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be impressed.
Tom's singing voice isn't bad.
My grandmother was a nurse.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be suspicious.
Tom's house is on Park Street.
My grades haven't improved.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be reasonable.
Tom's first wife was Canadian.
My favorite city is Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be interested.
Tom's bad ear is his left one.
My family is now in Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be frightened.
Tom wouldn't do that that way.
My computer keeps crashing.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that.
Tom wouldn't buy that for you.
My car's parked over there.
Tom doesn't think Mary could ever do that.
Tom would never contradict me.
My car is stuck in the mud.
Tom doesn't really expect Mary to do that.
Tom would do that if he could.
My car is older than yours.
Tom doesn't know why Mary let you do that.
Tom would do that differently.
My bicycle has been stolen.
Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that.
Tom would be quiet doing that.
My apartment's a real mess.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is ignoring him.
Tom would be happy doing that.
Monday will be a windy day.
Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom works at a hardware store.
Monday will be a rainy day.
Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom won't likely visit Boston.
Maybe I'd enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom won't likely go to Boston.
Many people like chocolate.
Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom won't likely be suspended.
Let's go to Boston instead.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary has done that.
Tom won't likely be surprised.
Let's do that together, OK?
Tom doesn't care if Mary does that or not.
Tom won't likely be skeptical.
Let's do that this evening.
Tom died less than a week after Mary died.
Tom won't likely be objective.
Just make sure you do that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary did that.
Tom won't likely be impressed.
It's snowing now in Boston.
Tom didn't want the present Mary gave him.
Tom won't likely be back soon.
It's raining now in Boston.
Tom didn't think that would frighten Mary.
Tom won't likely be awake yet.
It's easy to get to Boston.
Tom didn't think that Mary was having fun.
Tom won't likely be awake now.
It's almost time for lunch.
Tom didn't think that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom won't like our doing that.
It's a method worth trying.
Tom didn't think Mary would be suspicious.
Tom won't do that if it rains.
It's a bad idea to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be reasonable.
Tom won't be doing that again.
It's your duty to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested.
Tom will probably be unbiased.
It'll be tiring to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here today.
Tom will probably be unafraid.
It would be fun to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that.
Tom will probably be truthful.
It wasn't easy to get here.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom will probably be punished.
It was too cold to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom will probably be punctual.
It should be OK to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wanted to do.
Tom will probably be obedient.
It gets cold at night here.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he needed to do.
Tom will probably be confused.
Is it safe to do that here?
Tom didn't tell Mary what he couldn't eat.
Tom will probably be arrested.
Is it all right to do that?
Tom didn't tell Mary he wanted to do that.
Tom will likely be suspicious.
Is it OK if I speak French?
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't like John.
Tom will likely be reasonable.
I've never used a chainsaw.
Tom didn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom will likely be interested.
I've just bought a new car.
Tom didn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom will likely be handcuffed.
I've done that once before.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's wife.
Tom will likely be frustrated.
I've considered doing that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's aunt.
Tom will likely be frightened.
I've been told not do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to do that.
Tom will do that, but I won't.
I've been asked to do that.
Tom didn't know that I was Mary's husband.
Tom will be out all afternoon.
I'm not too old to do that.
Tom didn't know that I was Mary's brother.
Tom will be impressed by that.
I'm not old enough to vote.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom will be happy he did that.
I'm not good at doing that.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French so well.
Tom went to Boston to do that.
I'm not good at basketball.
Tom didn't expect Mary to want to do that.
Tom wasn't able to stay awake.
I'm not doing that anymore.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to stay.
Tom was wearing a gray hoodie.
I'm glad we went to Boston.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to sing.
Tom was told never to do that.
I'm glad we visited Boston.
Tom did all he could to help Mary do that.
Tom was severely injured, too.
I'm drinking hot chocolate.
Tom cried as he read the letter from Mary.
Tom was never late for school.
I'm considering doing that.
Tom can do that even better than Mary can.
Tom was just about to do that.
I'm aware of what happened.
Tom borrowed a pair of scissors from Mary.
Tom was in Boston last Monday.
I'll never let you do that.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that.
Tom was determined to do that.
I'll eat when I get hungry.
Tom asked if Mary was required to do that.
Tom was at my house yesterday.
I'll do that tomorrow, too.
Tom asked Mary why she was afraid of John.
Tom was also severely injured.
I'll do that if you pay me.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like Boston.
Tom was able to do that today.
I'll be back in three days.
Tom asked Mary where she'd parked the car.
Tom wanted me to speak French.
I'd like to buy some pears.
Tom asked Mary what time she had to leave.
Tom very seldom speaks French.
I'd like a chocolate shake.
Tom asked Mary what she'd do in his shoes.
Tom very rarely speaks French.
I'd like grams of this.
Tom asked Mary what her favorite food was.
Tom usually gets here on time.
I wouldn't mind doing that.
Tom asked Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom usually does that at 2:30.
I wonder what I need to do.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John was.
Tom tried to fix the computer.
I won't promise to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that here.
Tom told us to get on the bus.
Tom and Mary will visit Boston in October.
Tom told us to get in the car.
I won't do that any longer.
Tom and Mary were still in Boston in 2013.
Tom told us that we should go.
I won't come to your party.
Tom and Mary very often do the same thing.
Tom told us about the robbery.
Tom and Mary got divorced three years ago.
Tom told me you could do that.
I wish to remain anonymous.
Tom and Mary both live and work in Boston.
Tom told me which book to buy.
I wish I were still single.
Tom and I weren't invited to Mary's party.
Tom told me to keep it secret.
I wish I hadn't gone there.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary what to do.
Tom told me to come to Boston.
I wish I hadn't eaten that.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary to do that.
Tom told me that he's thirsty.
I wish I hadn't drunk that.
Tom admitted that he stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom told me that he's starved.
I wish I could cook better.
Tom admitted that he stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom told me that he's retired.
Tom told me that he's puzzled.
I went to Boston for a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to be there.
Tom told me that he's pleased.
I went to Boston by myself.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary did that.
Tom told me that he's nervous.
I wasn't wearing a uniform.
Maybe Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Tom told me that he's jealous.
I wasn't totally surprised.
Maybe Tom can talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom told me that he'd be fair.
I wasn't telling the truth.
I'd never heard Tom and Mary argue before.
Tom told me that he was early.
I wasn't seriously injured.
I told Tom I didn't know where Mary lived.
Tom told me that I'm forgiven.
I wasn't here this morning.
I think Tom didn't know Mary spoke French.
Tom told me that I'm annoying.
I wasn't at home yesterday.
I should tell Tom I want him to help Mary.
Tom told me his job was tough.
I was too tired to do that.
I saw Tom whisper something in Mary's ear.
Tom told me he'd go to Boston.
I was too drunk to do that.
I know Tom will have to help Mary do that.
Tom told me he was doing that.
I was reluctant to do that.
I don't want Tom to go shopping with Mary.
Tom told me he visited Boston.
I was permitted to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are arguing.
Tom told me he studied French.
I was annoyed by the smell.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary do that.
Tom told me he didn't do that.
I was annoyed by the noise.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's husband.
Tom thought you would do that.
I was able to visit Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's brother.
Tom thought he should do that.
I was able to go to Boston.
Do you think Tom will permit Mary do that?
Tom thought he had to do that.
I wanted to try to do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were arguing?
Tom thinks you should do that.
I wanted to go to the lake.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are fighting?
Tom thinks he's a good driver.
I wanted to go for a drive.
Didn't you know Tom was younger than Mary?
Tom sure studies French a lot.
I wanted to get some sleep.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were married?
Tom sure goes to Boston a lot.
I wanted to be your friend.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were an item?
Tom suggested we visit Boston.
I wanted to be cooperative.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's girlfriend?
Tom suggested we study French.
I want you to study French.
Could it have been Tom who told Mary that?
Tom suggested we speak French.
I want to set up a meeting.
Why should Tom have Mary do that for him?
Tom studied French last night.
I want to see you upstairs.
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that with Mary?
Tom studied French in college.
I want to return to Boston.
Tom would like to know how Mary did that.
Tom still sometimes does that.
I want to repaint my house.
Tom would be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom still hasn't eaten dinner.
I want to remain anonymous.
Tom wondered who Mary wanted to help her.
Tom still has to go to Boston.
I want to pay off my debts.
Tom wondered how Mary managed to do that.
Tom still does that sometimes.
I want to own a restaurant.
Tom wondered how Mary learned to do that.
Tom still does that every day.
I want to eat here tonight.
Tom won't permit Mary to do that anymore.
Tom stays at home on weekends.
I want to do that with you.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom started out as a salesman.
I want to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't be able to get Mary to do that.
Tom spoke with his supervisor.
I want to come and see you.
Tom will probably permit Mary to do that.
Tom sometimes comes to Boston.
I want to buy one of those.
Tom will give Mary whatever she asks for.
Tom signed up a long time ago.
I want to become a surgeon.
Tom will do whatever he can to help Mary.
Tom shouldn't have left early.
I want to become a fireman.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary do that.
Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I want to be a firefighter.
Tom was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom should've locked the door.
I want to apologize to you.
Tom was happy that Mary did that for him.
Tom should've been suspicious.
I use a computer every day.
Tom was asleep by the time Mary got home.
Tom should've been reasonable.
I tried to remain unafraid.
Tom was able to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom should've been interested.
I thought you weren't busy.
Tom wanted to do that more than Mary did.
Tom should've been helping us.
I thought that I'd do that.
Tom told Mary that he was ready to leave.
Tom should've been handcuffed.
I thought I had to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was home on Monday.
Tom should've been doing that.
I think we need to do that.
Tom told Mary that John wouldn't do that.
Tom should do that right away.
I think we have to do that.
Tom told Mary she didn't have to do that.
Tom should do that by himself.
I think that I can do that.
Tom told Mary not to look out the window.
Tom should definitely do that.
I think my new car is cool.
Tom told Mary he wanted her to help John.
Tom should cancel the meeting.
I think it'll rain tonight.
Tom thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom should be prepared by now.
I think I'm going to be OK.
Tom thought Mary would be retired by now.
Tom should be done doing that.
I think I'd better do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom should be asked to resign.
I think I forgot something.
Tom thought Mary wasn't doing that today.
Tom seemed to want to do that.
I switched the computer on.
Tom thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom seemed dazed and confused.
I suggest you visit Boston.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom seemed confused and upset.
I suggest you go to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom says he's never done that.
I should've told the truth.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom says he'll call you later.
I should've said something.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom says he'd love to do that.
I should've hired a lawyer.
Tom thinks Mary needs to be more careful.
Tom says he'd like to do that.
I should've asked for help.
Tom thinks Mary is probably at the beach.
Tom says he wanted to do that.
I should wait until Monday.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't knows what to do.
Tom says he shouldn't do that.
I should visit Boston, too.
Tom texted Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom says he needs another car.
I should go to Boston, too.
Tom strongly advised Mary not to do that.
Tom says he needed to do that.
I should do that right now.
Tom still wants Mary to help him do that.
Tom says he likes his new job.
I should do that by myself.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom says he enjoys doing that.
I should be home on Monday.
Tom spent the whole day thinking of Mary.
Tom says he can't do that yet.
I should be given a chance.
Tom soon realized he needed to help Mary.
Tom says he can do that today.
I should be doing that now.
Tom showed Mary how to tie a square knot.
Tom sat there for a long time.
I rolled down both windows.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary to go home early.
Tom said you're a millionaire.
Tom shouldn't have asked Mary to do that.
Tom said you wouldn't do that.
I really didn't understand.
Tom should've given Mary what she wanted.
Tom said the concert was good.
I never learned to do that.
Tom should tell Mary what she has to buy.
Tom said that he wasn't upset.
I never do that on Mondays.
Tom should tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom said that he wasn't tired.
I need to talk to a lawyer.
Tom should tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom said that he wasn't happy.
I need to start doing that.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't bored.
I need to do that tomorrow.
Tom should probably tell Mary to do that.
Tom said that he spoke French.
I need to be there by 2:30.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's tired.
Tom said something about that.
I need to be ready by 2:30.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom said it was time to leave.
I need to be here tomorrow.
Tom should give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom said it didn't bother him.
I need to apply for a visa.
Tom seems to be aware that Mary did that.
Tom said his house was locked.
I need a couple of dollars.
Tom says that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he's very happy here.
I may have to study French.
Tom says that Mary is good at doing that.
Tom said he's never done that.
I may have to go to Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he'll do that for us.
I love the way you do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said he'd take care of it.
I looked up at the ceiling.
Tom says he doesn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd see me tomorrow.
I looked down the corridor.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom said he'd quit doing that.
I looked down at the floor.
Tom says Mary never came home last night.
Tom said he'd help us do that.
I looked at the fuel gauge.
Tom says Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom said he'd do that for you.
I looked at my watch again.
Tom says Mary isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be there.
I live in a small bungalow.
Tom said that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he wasn't overweight.
I like the way you do that.
Tom said that Mary won't do that anymore.
Tom said he wasn't having fun.
I know you'll need my help.
Tom said that Mary wasn't very impressed.
Tom said he was very confused.
I know you'd never do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said he was feeling tired.
I know you want to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't careful enough.
Tom said he understood French.
I know you need to do that.
Tom said that Mary wanted to talk to you.
Tom said he shouldn't do that.
I know you have to do that.
Tom said that Mary had fun at your party.
Tom said he heard three shots.
I know why you got annoyed.
Tom said it was Mary who stole his lunch.
Tom said he enjoys doing that.
I know where your house is.
Tom said he's sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he didn't have a job.
I know what should be done.
Tom said he's never seen Mary doing that.
Tom said he didn't have a dog.
I know what my mistake was.
Tom said he's never been to Mary's house.
Tom said I wasn't good enough.
I know what it's all about.
Tom said he'd do that for Mary this time.
Tom said I needed to be quiet.
I know what I'm up against.
Tom said he wished he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said I looked very sleepy.
I know this isn't any good.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said I looked really busy.
I know this city very well.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary's help.
Tom said I looked a bit dazed.
I know this area very well.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said I had to come to Boston.
I know that you don't care.
Tom said he saw Mary waiting for the bus.
Tom really likes Chinese food.
I know that I'm overweight.
Tom said he saw Mary crying this morning.
Tom really has a lot of money.
I know that I was mistaken.
Tom said he knows one of Mary's brothers.
Tom rarely ever speaks French.
I know not to do that here.
Tom said he knew why Mary had to do that.
Tom ran down the street naked.
I know it's more than that.
Tom said he knew that Mary would do that.
Tom promised he'd check on it.
I know how to speak French.
Tom said he knew that Mary could do that.
Tom promised he would do that.
I know how to ride a horse.
Tom said he expected Mary to participate.
Tom promised he won't do that.
I know how much it'll cost.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom probably isn't hungry yet.
I know exactly who you are.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom probably isn't afraid now.
I know exactly what I want.
Tom said he didn't think Mary was hungry.
Tom pretty much stays at home.
I know a lot about sailing.
Tom said he didn't think Mary was asleep.
Tom pretended he was sleeping.
I know a lot about fishing.
Tom said he could go to Boston with Mary.
Tom practices piano every day.
I know a lot about animals.
Tom said Mary's dog wasn't as big as his.
Tom poured water over himself.
I know I'm partly to blame.
Tom said Mary's comments were misleading.
Tom plans to return to Boston.
I know I'd hate to do that.
Tom said Mary would do that if she could.
Tom plans to retire next year.
I know I shouldn't do that.
Tom said Mary will probably be back soon.
Tom objected to my doing that.
I know I shouldn't be here.
Tom said Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom no longer works as a cook.
I know I can't be replaced.
Tom said Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom no longer lives in Boston.
I knew I was being watched.
Tom said Mary was sorry for what she did.
Tom never stays out all night.
I just did that last night.
Tom said Mary was likely to be terrified.
Tom never had to study French.
I hope you'll do that soon.
Tom said Mary was likely to be surprised.
Tom never finished doing that.
I hope you stop doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be skeptical.
Tom needs to start doing that.
I hope that'll happen soon.
Tom said Mary was likely to be obstinate.
Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I hope it's worth the wait.
Tom said Mary was likely to be objective.
Tom needs to be ready by 2:30.
I haven't changed my plans.
Tom said Mary was likely to be miserable.
Tom needs to apply for a visa.
I have time to do that now.
Tom said Mary was likely to be irritated.
Tom needed to be here earlier.
I hardly ever study French.
Tom said Mary was likely to be incorrect.
Tom must've wanted to do that.
I had to do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary was likely to be impressed.
Tom must be afraid to do that.
I had no reason to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be exhausted.
Tom might come to Boston soon.
I had no desire to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be desperate.
Tom may go to Boston tomorrow.
I guess I'd rather do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be depressed.
Tom makes his spaghetti spicy.
I got home late last night.
Tom said Mary was likely to be concerned.
Tom makes all his own clothes.
I get paid to teach French.
Tom said Mary was likely to be back soon.
Tom made friends very quickly.
I found it easy to do that.
Tom said Mary was glad that you did that.
Tom lived in Boston last year.
I felt I needed to do that.
Tom said Mary was asked to do that again.
Tom likes the way you do that.
I expect that I'll do that.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom likes playing video games.
I enjoy speaking in French.
Tom said Mary looked like she was sleepy.
Tom likes it when you do that.
I don't want to see anyone.
Tom said Mary isn't motivated to do that.
Tom likely won't be impressed.
I don't want to play poker.
Tom said Mary is probably still confused.
Tom left for work around 6:30.
I don't want to compromise.
Tom said Mary is good at speaking French.
Tom knows what should be done.
I don't want anything else.
Tom said Mary is going to take that risk.
Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't want any more help.
Tom said Mary is going to do that for us.
Tom knows what he needs to do.
I don't usually wear socks.
Tom said Mary is going to do that for me.
Tom knows that he can do that.
I don't usually wear a tie.
Tom said Mary is going to do that anyway.
Tom knows not to do that here.
I don't usually wear a hat.
Tom said Mary is excused from doing that.
Tom knows a lot about cooking.
I don't think that's funny.
Tom said Mary has seen people doing that.
Tom knows a lot about animals.
I don't think I'm handsome.
Tom said Mary has been very busy all day.
Tom knew what we needed to do.
I don't think I'll be late.
Tom said Mary had to do that pretty soon.
Tom just wants to stay in bed.
I don't think I'll be cold.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that.
Tom isn't very likely to lose.
I don't remember very much.
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to do.
Tom isn't very good at skiing.
I don't really like my job.
Tom said I should've asked Mary for help.
Tom isn't very busy right now.
I don't play chess anymore.
Tom promised Mary that he'd quit smoking.
Tom isn't sure he can do that.
I don't often study French.
Tom probably shouldn't do that with Mary.
Tom isn't likely to be asleep.
I don't often go to Boston.
Tom must've thought Mary knew what to do.
Tom isn't interested in music.
I don't often do that here.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't like him.
Tom isn't finished doing that.
I don't need to work today.
Tom made sure that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom isn't expected to do that.
I don't need anything else.
Tom knows that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom isn't available right now.
I don't need any more time.
Tom knows Mary isn't supposed to do that.
Tom isn't all that busy today.
I don't live very far away.
Tom knew Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom isn't a very good swimmer.
I don't live there anymore.
Tom kept Mary waiting for thirty minutes.
Tom is working as a bartender.
I don't like to play poker.
Tom just stared at Mary and said nothing.
Tom is very popular on campus.
I don't like to be ignored.
Tom is the only person who can help Mary.
Tom is very afraid to do that.
I don't like green peppers.
Tom is sure Mary knew she had to do that.
Tom is usually home on Monday.
I don't like country music.
Tom is still willing to do that for Mary.
Tom is usually free on Monday.
I don't like Boston at all.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do that.
Tom is usually busy on Monday.
I don't know where to look.
Tom is going to go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom is unable to speak French.
Tom is going to be lonely if Mary leaves.
Tom is too old to do that now.
I don't know all the rules.
Tom is better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is the tallest guy I know.
I don't have to work today.
Tom is afraid to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom is sure he should do that.
I don't have any more time.
Tom is a good singer, but Mary is better.
Tom is sure he has to do that.
I don't have a sore throat.
Tom informed Mary why she had to do that.
Tom is still doing that today.
I don't have a good memory.
Tom hopes Mary will want to do that, too.
Tom is still a French teacher.
I don't go to bars anymore.
Tom hasn't yet convinced Mary to do that.
Tom is skillful at doing that.
I don't get paid that much.
Tom hasn't done that as much as Mary has.
Tom is on a lot of medication.
I don't ever want to leave.
Tom has told Mary that he has to do that.
Tom is obliged not to do that.
I don't drink wine anymore.
Tom has told Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom is my neighbor's grandson.
I don't do that on Mondays.
Tom has to make sure that Mary does that.
Tom is lucky to have survived.
I don't care what you wear.
Tom has to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom is likely to still be shy.
I don't care for Thai food.
Tom has spent a lot of time helping Mary.
Tom is likely to get homesick.
I do want to do that again.
Tom has done what Mary said he should do.
Tom is likely to do that soon.
I do that more than you do.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to do that.
Tom is likely to be terrified.
I didn't work Monday night.
Tom has been trying to help Mary do that.
Tom is likely to be suspended.
I didn't water the flowers.
Tom has already reminded Mary to do that.
Tom is likely to be surprised.
I didn't want to go to bed.
Tom has advised Mary to start doing that.
Tom is likely to be skeptical.
I didn't want to go either.
Tom gave the book back to Mary last week.
Tom is likely to be sarcastic.
I didn't want to be caught.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she asked for.
Tom is likely to be organized.
I didn't want to apologize.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary didn't do that.
Tom is likely to be objective.
I didn't think you noticed.
Tom doesn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom is likely to be miserable.
I didn't think I'd be late.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that for him.
Tom is likely to be irritated.
I didn't talk to the media.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that anymore.
Tom is likely to be incorrect.
I didn't talk about Boston.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom is likely to be impressed.
I didn't take any pictures.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is in Boston.
Tom is likely to be exhausted.
I didn't sign the contract.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be surprised.
Tom is likely to be desperate.
I didn't see the stop sign.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be impressed.
Tom is likely to be depressed.
I didn't react fast enough.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be back soon.
Tom is likely to be concerned.
I didn't pass today's exam.
Tom doesn't think Mary is careful enough.
Tom is likely to be awake now.
I didn't notice the change.
Tom doesn't think Mary has done that yet.
Tom is immune to that disease.
I didn't notice any change.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that, does he?
Tom is hoping to study French.
I didn't mention your name.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary wants.
Tom is happy most of the time.
I didn't like what I heard.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary needs.
Tom is good at making friends.
I didn't know who to trust.
Tom doesn't need Mary to do that anymore.
Tom is going to be questioned.
I didn't know who did that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes stew.
Tom is cute when he does that.
I didn't know how to reply.
Tom doesn't like swimming, but Mary does.
Tom is cooking in the kitchen.
I didn't know anyone there.
Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom is coming here to help us.
I didn't hear the gunshots.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom is busy and can't do that.
I didn't have long to wait.
Tom doesn't know where Mary used to live.
Tom is bad at speaking French.
I didn't have enough money.
Tom doesn't know what Mary hopes he does.
Tom is as smart as his sister.
I didn't go into specifics.
Tom doesn't know how good a cook Mary is.
Tom is an intelligent student.
I didn't go home yesterday.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will do that.
Tom is an experienced referee.
I didn't get what I wanted.
Tom doesn't care how much money Mary has.
Tom is always studying French.
I didn't forget to do that.
Tom does that differently than Mary does.
Tom is always speaking French.
I didn't finish doing that.
Tom didn't think that Mary was in Boston.
Tom is afraid to go to school.
I didn't feel like waiting.
Tom didn't think that Mary was beautiful.
Tom is accustomed to the cold.
I didn't feel like talking.
Tom didn't think that Mary was a teacher.
Tom is about ready to do that.
I didn't explain it at all.
Tom didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom is a very lucky young man.
I didn't do that yesterday.
Tom didn't think Mary would be surprised.
Tom is a university professor.
I didn't do that very fast.
Tom didn't think Mary would be impressed.
Tom is a skilled chess player.
I didn't do that last week.
Tom didn't think Mary would be depressed.
Tom is a retired psychiatrist.
I didn't do any work today.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his fiance.
Tom is a retired army colonel.
I didn't clean the kitchen.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she should buy.
Tom is a part of the team now.
I didn't buy what I needed.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom is a member of our church.
I didn't bother to respond.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom inherited a large fortune.
I didn't apply for the job.
Tom didn't tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom hopes that he can do that.
I didn't answer right away.
Tom didn't tell Mary what had to be done.
Tom helped people off the bus.
I didn't actually say that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wouldn't do that.
Tom hasn't yet studied French.
I did that for three hours.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary wanted.
Tom hasn't told me what to do.
I did that for my children.
Tom didn't seem to know what Mary needed.
Tom hasn't stopped doing that.
I did that a long time ago.
Tom didn't really expect Mary to do that.
Tom hasn't ever taught French.
I definitely won't do that.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom hasn't done that in years.
I decided to do that again.
Tom didn't know what Mary intended to do.
Tom has told me he'll do that.
I couldn't help doing that.
Tom didn't know that Mary would be there.
Tom has to take one more test.
I could do that if I tried.
Tom didn't know that Mary had to do that.
Tom has to do that more often.
I caught a huge fish today.
Tom didn't know that I was Mary's cousin.
Tom has to do that by himself.
I can't swim very well yet.
Tom didn't know Mary would do that today.
Tom has some talented friends.
I can't help being worried.
Tom didn't give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom has said he won't do that.
I can't change my schedule.
Tom did everything the same way Mary did.
Tom has said he can't do that.
I can stay if I want me to.
Tom did everything Mary wanted him to do.
Tom has returned to Australia.
I can sing and I can dance.
Tom did everything Mary needed him to do.
Tom has retired from teaching.
I can go if you want me to.
Tom couldn't talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom has really been very busy.
I came to Boston last year.
Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
Tom has pretty good instincts.
I attended a costume party.
Tom carried Mary's suitcases to her room.
Tom has plans to visit Boston.
I actually did that myself.
Tom can likely talk Mary into doing that.
Tom has parties every weekend.
How often do you eat fruit?
Tom became one of Mary's closest friends.
Tom has now agreed to do that.
How often do you buy bread?
Tom asked Mary why she needed to do that.
Tom has never tried to escape.
How much sugar did you add?
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that now.
Tom has never seen a kangaroo.
How is cottage cheese made?
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed doing that.
Tom has never needed any help.
How do you usually do that?
Tom and Mary will get married in October.
Tom has lied to us many times.
How do you like doing that?
Tom and Mary like the same kind of music.
Tom has hardly ever done that.
How about doing that again?
Tom and Mary aren't going to wait for us.
Tom has experience doing that.
Haven't you read this book?
Tom and Mary are still in the same class.
Tom has considered doing that.
Have you already read this?
Tom and Mary are still dating each other.
Tom has been reading all day.
Tom and I took turns taking care of Mary.
Tom has begun teaching French.
Everybody likes doing that.
Tom and I did what we could to help Mary.
Tom has been very disobedient.
Don't try to do that today.
Tom and I are about the same age as Mary.
Tom has been severely injured.
Don't tell anyone anything.
Tom admitted to Mary that they were lost.
Tom has been named head coach.
Don't make me teach French.
Tom accused Mary of stealing his bicycle.
Tom has been known to do that.
Don't make me study French.
Neither Tom nor Mary is ready to do that.
Tom has been doing that a lot.
Don't forget to wear a hat.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to help us.
Tom has been asked to do that.
Doing that would be simple.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to do that.
Tom has been a fan since 2013.
Doing that won't be enough.
I'm sure Tom will permit Mary to do that.
Tom has agreed not to do that.
Doing that wasn't much fun.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary is doing that.
Tom has advised me to do that.
Doing that was pretty easy.
I wanted Tom to show Mary how to do that.
Tom has a newer car than I do.
Doing that was fairly easy.
I thought Tom would be able to help Mary.
Tom has a habit of doing that.
Doing that isn't an option.
I thought Tom should buy a gift for Mary.
Tom hardly ever speaks French.
Doing that is good for you.
I thought Tom could lend Mary some money.
Tom had some really good news.
Does this rule still apply?
I think Tom won't go to Boston with Mary.
Tom had a very difficult year.
Do you want to do that now?
I think Tom will be doing that with Mary.
Tom got up earlier than usual.
Do you still eat junk food?
I shouldn't tell Tom about what Mary did.
Tom got the chance to do that.
Do you need an interpreter?
I hope Tom can teach Mary how to do that.
Tom got stopped by the police.
Do you live in Boston, too?
I heard from Tom that Mary would do that.
Tom got out of jail on Monday.
Do you know those children?
I heard from Tom that Mary won't do that.
Tom got more than he expected.
Do you know the exact date?
I heard from Tom that Mary can't do that.
Tom frequently goes to Boston.
Do you know that gentleman?
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't like Mary.
Tom forgave me for doing that.
Do you drink a lot of wine?
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my girlfriend.
Tom forced himself to do that.
Do you drink a lot of beer?
I didn't realize Tom was married to Mary.
Tom felt compelled to do that.
Do you always speak French?
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's nephew.
Tom enjoys going to the beach.
Do we have to study French?
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's father.
Tom doesn't want to be lonely.
Do we have to speak French?
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's cousin.
Tom doesn't think I'd do that.
Do we have to go to Boston?
How did Tom know Mary would be in Boston?
Tom doesn't teach French here.
Do that as fast as you can.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are arguing?
Tom doesn't study French much.
Didn't you know what to do?
Didn't you know that Tom was dating Mary?
Tom doesn't study French here.
Didn't you know about this?
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's boyfriend?
Tom doesn't speak French much.
Did you eat an apple today?
You should tell Tom Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't regret doing that.
Can you sleep on airplanes?
Why would Tom have Mary do that for him?
Tom doesn't like to wear ties.
Can you give me any advice?
Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
Tom doesn't like cold weather.
Can you float on your back?
Tom would be impressed if Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know who did that.
Can you draw pictures well?
Tom wondered why Mary was wearing black.
Tom doesn't know what love is.
Are you still a vegetarian?
Tom wondered why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't have many options.
Tom wondered why Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't have any problems.
Are you nervous doing that?
Tom wondered what Mary was going to buy.
Tom doesn't do that very well.
Are you likely to go there?
Tom will probably tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom doesn't do that very much.
Are you afraid to go there?
Tom will give Mary everything she wants.
Tom doesn't do that regularly.
Yours is larger than mine.
Tom will give Mary everything she needs.
Tom doesn't appear to be busy.
Your suitcases look heavy.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary did that.
Tom does that when he's tired.
Your shoelaces are untied.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary did that.
Tom does that when he's happy.
Your resume is impressive.
Tom was the one who helped Mary do that.
Tom does that when he's drunk.
Your plan seemed the best.
Tom was quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom does that every other day.
Your plan actually worked.
Tom warned Mary not to be overconfident.
Tom didn't want me to do that.
Your performance was good.
Tom wanted to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom didn't seem too impressed.
Your name was on the list.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be unhappy.
Your jokes were offensive.
Tom told Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom didn't react quick enough.
Your dog swims quite well.
Tom told Mary that she was being unfair.
Tom didn't plan on doing that.
Your boots are very muddy.
Tom told Mary that he had been punished.
Tom didn't get what he needed.
Your birthday's coming up.
Tom told Mary that John was unconscious.
Tom didn't do that on purpose.
Your answers were correct.
Tom told Mary that John was incompetent.
Tom didn't do that by himself.
Your French is quite good.
Tom told Mary that John was his brother.
Tom did what he planned to do.
You've been a naughty boy.
Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't he?
Tom did that without our help.
You're too young to drink.
Tom told Mary how to do that, didn't he?
Tom did that enthusiastically.
You're too young for that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do that again.
Tom did that better this time.
You're too shy to do that.
Tom told Mary he wasn't able to do that.
Tom did that again, didn't he?
You're too old to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to quit his job.
Tom did almost the same thing.
You're stingy, aren't you?
Tom told Mary he didn't want to do that.
Tom definitely has to do that.
You're driving too slowly.
Tom thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom definitely had to do that.
Tom thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom decided to go there alone.
You're crying, aren't you?
Tom thought Mary was nervous doing that.
Tom cut a branch off the tree.
You're a very wise person.
Tom thought Mary probably would do that.
Tom couldn't make you do that.
You're a very hard worker.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom could've done that better.
You're a very good friend.
Tom thinks Mary won't help John do that.
Tom could've been back sooner.
You're a very good driver.
Tom thinks Mary won't forget to do that.
Tom could pass for a teenager.
You're a very good bowler.
Tom thinks Mary won't be home on Monday.
Tom could easily have said no.
You're a very good batter.
Tom thinks Mary will do that by herself.
Tom could do that if he tried.
You're a very fussy eater.
Tom thinks Mary probably didn't do that.
Tom could be tried for murder.
You're a very fast runner.
Tom thinks Mary might not be interested.
Tom complained about the cold.
You're a tough competitor.
Tom thinks Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom claims he was brainwashed.
You're a terrible manager.
Tom thinks Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom claimed he didn't do that.
You're a really smart guy.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know what to do.
Tom can probably speak French.
You're a real hard worker.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom can do that with one hand.
You're a real good friend.
Tom thinks Mary can't understand French.
Tom came out of the room last.
You're a pretty tough kid.
Tom talked Mary out of quitting her job.
Tom believes he could do that.
You're a pretty smart kid.
Tom talked Mary into doing that for him.
Tom asked me what time it was.
You're a good bass player.
Tom still has no idea why Mary did that.
Tom asked if we had done that.
You'll help us, won't you?
Tom spent his summer vacation with Mary.
Tom asked if he could do that.
You'll do that, won't you?
Tom showed Mary various ways to do that.
Tom apparently has to do that.
You'd be pleased, I think.
Tom showed Mary several ways to do that.
Tom apparently had to do that.
You'd be crazy to do that.
Tom showed Mary how to play the G chord.
Tom and I'll do that together.
You won't have to do that.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary to do that.
Tom and I were here yesterday.
You want a job, don't you?
Tom should've shown Mary how to do that.
Tom and I waved to each other.
You still need to do that.
Tom should've given Mary his old guitar.
Tom and I want to talk to you.
You still have to do that.
Tom should tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom and I want to get married.
You shouldn't do that yet.
Tom should tell Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom and I want to do that now.
You should come to Boston.
Tom should tell Mary he'd never do that.
Tom and I talked about sports.
You sell used cars, right?
Tom should tell Mary he won't leave her.
Tom and I splashed each other.
You seem to be very upset.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's busy.
Tom and I soon became friends.
You say that I'll do that.
Tom should ask Mary to help him do that.
Tom and I rarely eat together.
You say I'd never do that.
Tom seems to know what Mary wants to do.
Tom and I quarrel quite often.
You read a lot, don't you?
Tom seems to know what Mary needs to do.
Tom and I often work together.
You play piano, don't you?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary did that.
Tom and I often sing together.
You ought to visit Boston.
Tom says he'd never ask Mary to do that.
Tom and I often dine together.
You ought to go to Boston.
Tom says he won't tell Mary what we did.
Tom and I need to do that now.
You need to do that again.
Tom says he thinks Mary really did that.
Tom and I met three years ago.
You need money to do that.
Tom says he heard that Mary wanted help.
Tom and I have to do that now.
You must not do that here.
Tom says he heard that Mary needed help.
Tom and I have started dating.
You must do that tomorrow.
Tom says he heard Mary tapping her foot.
Tom and I had an ugly divorce.
You may do that right now.
Tom says he expects Mary to participate.
Tom and I got married in 2013.
You look very happy today.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom and I got along very well.
You look very comfortable.
Tom says he can't believe Mary did that.
Tom and I get along very well.
You look totally confused.
Tom said that Mary was living in Boston.
Tom and I drank beer together.
You look pretty shaken up.
Tom said that Mary was enjoying herself.
Tom and I don't want children.
You look pretty miserable.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be unhappy.
Tom and I don't often do that.
You look old for your age.
Tom said that Mary needed to be careful.
Tom and I don't have children.
You look better this week.
Tom said he's glad Mary didn't get hurt.
Tom and I despised each other.
You look a little worried.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to help him.
Tom and I decided to break up.
You look a little nervous.
Tom said he wasn't going to Mary's concert.
Tom and I couldn't be happier.
You look a little flushed.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't at home.
Tom and I can't both be right.
You look a little annoyed.
Tom said he thought Mary was mad at him.
Tom and I broke up last month.
You live alone, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary was having fun.
Tom and I ate dinner together.
You like fruit, don't you?
Tom said he thought Mary was happy here.
Tom and I are waiting for you.
You like chili, don't you?
Tom said he knew who Mary's husband was.
Tom and I are the same height.
You like chess, don't you?
Tom said he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom and I are still very busy.
You know a lot, don't you?
Tom said he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom and I are still in Boston.
You have to do that today.
Tom said he knew one of Mary's brothers.
Tom and I are always fighting.
You hate women, don't you?
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom and I are almost finished.
You got drunk, didn't you?
Tom said he heard Mary and John arguing.
Tom always seems to be sleepy.
You fell down, didn't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom always seems to be scared.
You drink wine, don't you?
Tom said he didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom always seems to be hungry.
You drink beer, don't you?
Tom said Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom always seems to be absent.
You don't do that, do you?
Tom said Mary would very likely do that.
Tom almost did that yesterday.
You don't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary would most likely do that.
Tom agreed to help us do that.
You did that very quickly.
Tom said Mary wasn't willing to do that.
Tom admits he often does that.
You did that the hard way.
Tom said Mary wasn't tempted to do that.
Tom actually tried to do that.
You could buy that for us.
Tom said Mary was very unlikely to do that.
Tom actually did that himself.
You can stay if I want to.
Tom said Mary was too stupid to do that.
Tom's speech was very boring.
You always win, don't you?
Tom said Mary was too sleepy to do that.
Tom's performance wasn't bad.
Would you mind doing that?
Tom said Mary was told to do that again.
Tom's office isn't like mine.
Would you help me, please?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be up.
Tom's friends still miss him.
Women aren't allowed here.
Tom said Mary was likely to be unafraid.
Tom's condition has improved.
Will you do that tomorrow?
Tom said Mary was likely to be punctual.
Tom's comments made me laugh.
Will you do that sometime?
Tom said Mary was likely to be mistaken.
Tom would be able to do that.
Why should I visit Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to be confused.
Tom works at the post office.
Why should I speak French?
Tom said Mary was likely to be careless.
Tom won't promise to do that.
Why don't you relax a bit?
Tom said Mary was likely to be arrested.
Tom won't likely be truthful.
Why did you shut the door?
Tom said Mary was just about to do that.
Tom won't likely be punished.
Why did that surprise you?
Tom said Mary was determined to do that.
Tom won't likely be punctual.
Why did that interest you?
Tom said Mary should do that by herself.
Tom won't likely be prepared.
Why can't we speak French?
Tom said Mary sang very well last night.
Tom won't likely be forgiven.
Why can't we go to Boston?
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom won't likely be done yet.
Why are you in Boston now?
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that.
Tom won't likely be confused.
Who's that guy over there?
Tom said Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom won't likely be careless.
Who's supposed to do that?
Tom said Mary looked like she was happy.
Tom won't likely be arrested.
Who's helping your mother?
Tom said Mary isn't hesitant to do that.
Tom won't do that by himself.
Who was here this morning?
Tom said Mary isn't finished doing that.
Tom won't do that any longer.
Who should I do that with?
Tom said Mary is probably still thirsty.
Tom won't ask you to do that.
Who picked all the grapes?
Tom said Mary is probably still puzzled.
Tom will probably be unlucky.
Where's the nearest beach?
Tom said Mary is probably still outside.
Tom will probably be thirsty.
What'll we do if it rains?
Tom said Mary is probably still nervous.
Tom will probably be nervous.
What you're doing is good.
Tom said Mary is probably still jealous.
Tom will probably be furious.
What did you do on Monday?
Tom said Mary is probably still grouchy.
Tom will probably be elected.
What color is your new car?
Tom said Mary is probably still excited.
Tom will probably be curious.
What are you listening to?
Tom said Mary is probably still at home.
Tom will most likely do that.
We're looking for options.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at cooking.
Tom will likely be terrified.
We'll go to Boston by car.
Tom said Mary has always lived in Boston.
Tom will likely be suspended.
We were forced to do that.
Tom said Mary has to do that by herself.
Tom will likely be surprised.
We speak French every day.
Tom said Mary has never seen John's dog.
Tom will likely be skeptical.
We seldom do that anymore.
Tom said Mary has never seen John dance.
Tom will likely be impressed.
We plan to attack at dawn.
Tom said Mary has never met his parents.
Tom will likely be here soon.
We often listen to Mozart.
Tom said Mary has been told not do that.
Tom will likely be exhausted.
We don't have tickets yet.
Tom said Mary has been to Boston before.
Tom will likely be concerned.
We could buy that for you.
Tom said Mary has been asked to do that.
Tom will likely be back soon.
We can't go to Boston yet.
Tom said Mary had to do that by herself.
Tom will likely be awake now.
We can't go to Boston now.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom will do that if possible.
We agreed to speak French.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary did that.
Tom will come this week, too.
We agreed to go to Boston.
Tom often does the same thing Mary does.
Tom will be glad he did that.
Was yesterday a sunny day?
Tom must've thought Mary had to do that.
Tom will be awake in an hour.
This is my neighbor's dog.
Tom likes the way Mary plays the guitar.
Tom went out to get some air.
This is an excellent wine.
Tom let Mary know that he had done that.
Tom wasn't really good to me.
This is a tough situation.
Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
This is a comfortable bed.
Tom knows Mary no longer has to do that.
Tom was wounded and captured.
This is a bad translation.
Tom isn't as young as Mary thinks he is.
Tom was sleeping on the sofa.
They say it gets hot here.
Tom informed Mary why he had to do that.
Tom was permitted to do that.
They live in another city.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that again.
Tom was motivated to do that.
They don't want to see me.
Tom hopes Mary knows what she should do.
Tom was helping us with that.
These things belong to me.
Tom hopes Mary knows what she has to do.
Tom was fired for doing that.
These glasses aren't mine.
Tom has told Mary to do that by herself.
Tom was doing that yesterday.
These don't belong to me.
Tom has spoken to Mary about the matter.
Tom was desperate to do that.
The sun rises in the east.
Tom has said he won't help Mary anymore.
Tom was charged with perjury.
The snow isn't letting up.
Tom has known Mary for a very long time.
Tom was certainly not amused.
The lake is far from here.
Tom has done what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom warned me not to do that.
That's what I want to eat.
Tom has advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wants to buy another car.
That's what I want to buy.
Tom has a lot more books than Mary does.
Tom wants me to study French.
That seems to be the plan.
Tom has Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom very seldom has homework.
Stop doing that right now.
Tom had a hunch that Mary would do that.
Tom usually seems to do that.
Please don't do that here.
Tom explicitly told Mary not to do that.
Tom usually keeps to himself.
Please do that if you can.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be jealous.
Tom usually does that for us.
People here don't do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be stubborn.
Tom usually does that for me.
Our flight leaves at 2:30.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be punctual.
Tom used to enjoy doing that.
Our company is in trouble.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be confused.
Tom used to dance quite well.
One of you has to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be careless.
Tom urged me to study French.
One of my cats is missing.
Tom doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom tried to win the contest.
Now's the time to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom took the lid off the box.
None of them will do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom told us he would do that.
Nobody thought about that.
Tom doesn't think Mary meant to do that.
Tom told us he couldn't help.
No issue is a small issue.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows what to do.
Tom told us he could do that.
My parents have separated.
Tom told me that he's sleepy.
My life is back to normal.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary does that.
Tom told me that he's scared.
My favorite food is pizza.
Tom doesn't like science, but Mary does.
Tom told me that he's lonely.
My father was a policeman.
Tom doesn't know why Mary would do that.
Tom told me that he's afraid.
My family lives in Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is doing that.
Tom told me he would do that.
My family is here with me.
Tom doesn't know who taught Mary French.
Tom told me he won't do that.
My dog still bites people.
Tom didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom told me I should do that.
My confidence is wavering.
Tom didn't think Mary would be punctual.
Tom thought he could help us.
My computer isn't working.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his ex-wife.
Tom thinks he's good-looking.
My car's parked out front.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom thinks he should do that.
My car is in the driveway.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom thinks I know what to do.
My car has been impounded.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he had to buy.
Tom thinks I have to do that.
My boss is very demanding.
Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that.
Tom swore he'd never do that.
My birthday was yesterday.
Tom didn't do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom swears he didn't do that.
Monday will be a cold day.
Tom did what he could to calm Mary down.
Tom sure has done a good job.
Monday will be a busy day.
Tom denied that he told Mary to do that.
Tom suggested we leave early.
Make sure you do that, OK?
Tom believed that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom still refuses to do that.
Tom believed that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom still hasn't answered me.
Let's go out on the porch.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that.
Tom still can't speak French.
Let them buy that for you.
Tom asked Mary why she had to work late.
Tom started out as a janitor.
It's your turn to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like John.
Tom started out as a drummer.
Tom asked Mary why he needed to do that.
Tom spoke very highly of you.
It's way past my bed time.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to work.
Tom sold his house last week.
It's too early to do that.
Tom asked Mary where she parked the car.
Tom should've been terrified.
It's necessary to do that.
Tom asked Mary what kind of car she had.
Tom should've been suspended.
It's important to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to do that.
Tom should've been surprised.
It's humid here in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that.
Tom should've been skeptical.
It's foggy here in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that.
Tom should've been impressed.
It's dangerous to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was.
Tom should've been a teacher.
It's almost time to leave.
Tom and Mary like the same kind of food.
Tom should wait until Monday.
It's all right to do that.
Tom and Mary have several grandchildren.
Tom should do that right now.
It'll be risky to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom should be retired by now.
It'll be cheap to do that.
Tom and I sat across from John and Mary.
Tom should be home on Monday.
It wasn't me who did that.
Tom and I are in the same class as Mary.
Tom should be doing that now.
It was too hot to do that.
Tom and I are here to help Mary do that.
Tom should be asked to leave.
It costs money to do that.
Tom and I are both Mary's ex-boyfriends.
Tom seldom gets here on time.
Is it humid now in Boston?
Tom advised Mary to go there by bicycle.
Tom seldom forgot to do that.
Is it foggy now in Boston?
Tom admits that he stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom seems to want to do that.
I've only done that twice.
The one who helped Tom do that was Mary.
Tom seems to like doing that.
I've never done that here.
Neither Tom nor Mary did that yesterday.
Tom seems to be feeling fine.
I've just spent three hours studying French.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why Mary is here.
Tom seemed to be very sleepy.
I've decided to volunteer.
Maybe Tom can talk Mary into doing that.
Tom seemed to be very hungry.
I've decided not to leave.
I told Tom I didn't know Mary very well.
Tom says he's good at French.
I've been very happy here.
I heard from Tom that Mary will do that.
Tom says he's been to Boston.
I've been told to do that.
I don't think Tom will do that for Mary.
Tom says he'll do that today.
I've been here since 2003.
I don't like the way Tom smiles at Mary.
Tom says he'll do that later.
I've been arrested before.
I don't know Tom as well as I know Mary.
Tom says he'd rather go home.
I've always loved history.
I didn't pay Tom as much as I paid Mary.
Tom says he wouldn't do that.
I'm waiting for my change.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's uncle.
Tom says he ought to do that.
I'm too young to buy beer.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were married.
Tom says he needs to do that.
I'm too stupid to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were cousins.
Tom said the concert was fun.
I'm too sleepy to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were an item.
Tom said that'll happen soon.
I'm staying in Boston now.
Didn't you know Tom was older than Mary?
Tom said that he wasn't busy.
I'm ready to leave Boston.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's grandson?
Tom said last year was tough.
I'm ready to go to Boston.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's daughter?
Tom said it felt good to win.
I'm rather busy right now.
You should tell Tom Mary won't do that.
Tom said it couldn't be done.
I'm not the only survivor.
You should tell Tom Mary will do that.
Tom said he's ready to leave.
I'm not sure how to react.
You should tell Tom Mary can't do that.
Tom said he's doing that now.
I'm not really interested.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
Tom said he's been to Boston.
I'm not ready to quit yet.
Tom wouldn't be happy if Mary did that.
Tom said he'll do that later.
I'm not interested in art.
Tom would've permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said he'd win and he did.
I'm not afraid to do that.
Tom would never permit Mary to do that.
Tom said he'd rather go home.
I'm just about to do that.
Tom would do that if Mary asked him to.
Tom said he'd likely do that.
I'm hoping you'll do that.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted to live.
Tom said he'd do that for us.
I'm going to visit Boston.
Tom won't permit Mary to do that again.
Tom said he wasn't in Boston.
I'm glad I went to Boston.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom said he wasn't convinced.
I'm glad I visited Boston.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he's hungry.
Tom said he wants to do that.
I'm glad I studied French.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's tired.
Tom said he tried to do that.
I'm glad I came to Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom said he prefers red wine.
I'm feeling a little weak.
Tom wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he ought to do that.
I'm eager to visit Boston.
Tom was impressed by how Mary did that.
Tom said he needs to do that.
I'm eager to go to Boston.
Tom warned Mary not to drink the water.
Tom said he hasn't done that.
I'm determined to do that.
Tom wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom said he had to walk home.
I'm capable of doing that.
Tom wanted to show Mary how to do that.
Tom said he had to stay home.
I'll try to do that today.
Tom tried to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom said he doesn't eat pork.
I'll try to do that again.
Tom tried to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom said he didn't like dogs.
I'll play tennis tomorrow.
Tom told Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't know this.
I'll invite you next time.
Tom told Mary why he needed to do that.
Tom said he did that in 2013.
I'll do that after dinner.
Tom told Mary why he needed more money.
Tom said he did that for you.
I'd still like to do that.
Tom told Mary what he wanted her to do.
Tom said I ought not do that.
I'd rather do that myself.
Tom told Mary what he needed her to do.
Tom said I needed to do that.
I'd be tempted to do that.
Tom told Mary they could do that today.
Tom said I looked ridiculous.
I'd be pleased to do that.
Tom told Mary that he had been careful.
Tom said I looked bewildered.
I'd be nervous doing that.
Tom told Mary that John was downstairs.
I wouldn't do that either.
Tom told Mary that John was a nice guy.
Tom remarried his first wife.
I wondered the same thing.
Tom told Mary that John didn't do that.
Tom regrets that he did that.
I won't forget to do that.
Tom told Mary his job was a lot of fun.
Tom regrets having done that.
I won't do that this week.
Tom told Mary he would always love her.
Tom really wants to help you.
I won't do that by myself.
Tom told Mary John was able to do that.
Tom really wanted to do that.
I wish you'd study French.
Tom thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom really needed to do that.
I wish you'd speak French.
Tom thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom really is good, isn't he?
I wish I hadn't been late.
Tom thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom rarely does that anymore.
I wish I had a girlfriend.
Tom thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom promised he'd be on time.
I wish I had a decent job.
Tom thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom probably won't be asleep.
I went to a piano recital.
Tom thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't do that.
I went downtown yesterday.
Tom thought Mary had already done that.
Tom plays the oboe very well.
I wasn't wearing anything.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that tomorrow.
Tom plans to work all summer.
I wasn't wearing a helmet.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that for John.
I wasn't ready to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't actually do that.
Tom plans to become an actor.
I was too weak to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is likely at the beach.
Tom plans to become a doctor.
I was too busy to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is finished doing that.
Tom paused a moment to think.
I wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom thinks Mary is being uncooperative.
Tom often forgets to do that.
I wanted to go to college.
Tom thinks Mary has a driver's license.
Tom often eats out on Monday.
I wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom still thinks Mary wants to do that.
Tom no longer teaches French.
I wanted to go home early.
Tom should tell Mary which book to buy.
Tom no longer studies French.
I wanted to do that today.
Tom should tell Mary what he can't eat.
Tom never went into the cave.
I wanted to be left alone.
Tom should tell Mary not to be so nosy.
Tom never forgets to do that.
I wanted a second opinion.
Tom should get Mary to do that for him.
Tom needs to buy another car.
I want to study in Boston.
Tom should do that the way Mary did it.
Tom needs to be home by 2:30.
I want to see you do that.
Tom should ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom needs a heart transplant.
I want to see the results.
Tom shared his piece of cake with Mary.
Tom needed to stay in Boston.
I want to see both of you.
Tom seems to be aware of what Mary did.
Tom must've done that by now.
I want to pay off my loan.
Tom seemed to know what Mary was doing.
Tom must've been very scared.
I want to go, but I can't.
Tom seemed to know what Mary had to do.
Tom must've been very afraid.
I want to drink champagne.
Tom says he won't tell Mary to do that.
I want to do that tonight.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't be afraid.
Tom must've been heartbroken.
I want to change all that.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't do that.
Tom must've been embarrassed.
I want to buy another car.
Tom says he heard Mary speaking French.
Tom must've been discouraged.
I want to borrow your car.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary left.
Tom must pay for all of this.
I want to become a priest.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom must not do that anymore.
I want to be an architect.
Tom says Mary will never do that again.
Tom might teach French again.
I waded across the stream.
Tom says Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom might study French today.
I thought Mary was pretty.
Tom says Mary is determined to do that.
Tom may well have to do that.
I think it's too late now.
Tom says Mary doesn't enjoy doing that.
Tom may need to study French.
I think I want to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be sleepy.
Tom mainly paints landscapes.
I think I need to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be hungry.
Tom lost three library books.
I think I helped a little.
Tom sat next Mary with his eyes closed.
Tom looks a little like John.
I think I have to do that.
Tom sat next Mary and listened quietly.
Tom looked like he was tired.
I still haven't graduated.
Tom said that wasn't why Mary did that.
Tom likes this kind of music.
I still have things to do.
Tom said that Mary won't do that again.
Tom likes beef and I do, too.
I sold my house last week.
Tom said that Mary wasn't feeling well.
Tom likely won't be prepared.
I shouldn't spend so much.
Tom said that Mary should quit smoking.
Tom left the band in October.
I shouldn't need any help.
Tom said that Mary should do that soon.
Tom left his umbrella behind.
I shouldn't do that today.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be sleepy.
Tom left here three days ago.
I shouldn't do that again.
Tom said that Mary ought to be careful.
Tom knows what we need to do.
I shouldn't be here today.
Tom said that Mary needs to be careful.
Tom knows what we have to do.
I should've worked harder.
Tom said that Mary intended to do that.
Tom knows what he has to buy.
I should've come with you.
Tom said that Mary did that by herself.
I should've been truthful.
Tom said he's sure Mary should do that.
Tom knows it's time to leave.
I should've been prepared.
Tom said he's sure Mary has to do that.
Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I should probably do that.
Tom said he's never met Mary's parents.
Tom knew what should be done.
I should help you do that.
Tom said he's glad Mary wasn't injured.
Tom knew what he ought to do.
I should go back home now.
Tom said he's glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom knew that he could do it.
I should do that tomorrow.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to do that.
Tom just sat there and cried.
I should do that sometime.
Tom said he wouldn't help Mary anymore.
Tom isn't willing to do that.
I said I wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wondered why Mary did that.
Tom isn't where he should be.
I regret coming to Boston.
Tom said he wanted to see Mary do that.
Tom isn't that good an actor.
I really don't understand.
Tom said he tried to help Mary do that.
Tom isn't good at doing that.
I put new tires on my car.
Tom said he thought he could help Mary.
Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I put my name on the list.
Tom said he thought Mary would do that.
Tom is waiting for his check.
I promise I won't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom is very unlikely to lose.
I plan to do that at 2:30.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom is unpacking his clothes.
I plan on visiting Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom is too stupid to do that.
I plan on studying French.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom is supposed to be asleep.
I plan on going to Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was in danger.
Tom is still teaching French.
I never do that by myself.
Tom said he thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom is still only a beginner.
I need to stay where I am.
Tom said he thought Mary was at school.
Tom is still able to do that.
I need to make a decision.
Tom said he thought Mary could do that.
Tom is seldom, if ever, late.
I need to find a solution.
Tom said he talked with Mary yesterday.
Tom is seldom busy on Monday.
I need to buy shoestrings.
Tom said he never saw Mary on that day.
Tom is pretty good at French.
I need to be very careful.
Tom said he likes Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom is pretty busy right now.
I need to be home by 2:30.
Tom said he liked Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom is playing his saxophone.
I might not do that today.
Tom said he knew Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom is on the wrestling team.
I might go to Boston, too.
Tom said he isn't going to Mary's concert.
Tom is old enough to do that.
I love this kind of music.
Tom said he heard Mary speaking French.
Tom is mentioned in the book.
I love this kind of movie.
Tom said he figured Mary could do that.
Tom is likely to still be up.
I lost everything I owned.
Tom said he felt the same way Mary did.
Tom is likely to be unbiased.
I looked towards the door.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom is likely to be unafraid.
I looked at the price tag.
Tom said he didn't think Mary was busy.
Tom is likely to be truthful.
I looked around the place.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that.
Tom is likely to be stubborn.
I looked around carefully.
Tom said he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom is likely to be sensible.
I live on the third floor.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was.
Tom is likely to be punished.
I liked working in Boston.
Tom said he didn't know Mary very well.
Tom is likely to be punctual.
I liked staying in Boston.
Tom said he believed what Mary told us.
Tom is likely to be prepared.
I know what's in your bag.
Tom said he assumed Mary would do that.
Tom is likely to be obedient.
I know what we have to do.
Tom said Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom is likely to be mistaken.
I know what I want to buy.
Tom said Mary would probably be afraid.
Tom is likely to be innocent.
I know what I ought to do.
Tom said Mary would likely not do that.
Tom is likely to be grateful.
I know what I need to buy.
Tom said Mary would definitely do that.
Tom is likely to be forgiven.
I know what I have to buy.
Tom said Mary wasn't looking for a job.
Tom is likely to be confused.
I know time's running out.
Tom said Mary wasn't home every Monday.
Tom is likely to be careless.
I know there's work to do.
Tom said Mary wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom is likely to be arrested.
I know that I'm not ready.
Tom said Mary was willing to help John.
Tom is kind of grouchy today.
I know that I'm conceited.
Tom said Mary was too young to do that.
Tom is just about to do that.
I know that I can do that.
Tom said Mary was too tired to do that.
Tom is in no rush to do that.
I know nothing about that.
Tom said Mary was too drunk to do that.
Tom is hoping he can do that.
I know many famous people.
Tom said Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is going to teach French.
I know it's time to leave.
Tom said Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom is going to study French.
I know how to read French.
Tom said Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom is fairly busy right now.
I know how to play tennis.
Tom said Mary was likely to be thirsty.
Tom is constantly doing that.
I know exactly what it is.
Tom said Mary was likely to be starved.
Tom is coming over on Monday.
I know a lot about Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be puzzled.
Tom is busy most of the time.
I know I've said too much.
Tom said Mary was likely to be pleased.
Tom is being made to do that.
I keep a guitar in my car.
Tom said Mary was likely to be nervous.
Tom is an interesting person.
I just might visit Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be jealous.
Tom is an independent person.
I just did that yesterday.
Tom said Mary was likely to be excited.
Tom is an extremely nice guy.
I just did that last week.
Tom said Mary was likely to be curious.
Tom is an extremely busy man.
I hoped to have done that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be careful.
Tom is an alumnus of Harvard.
I hope to do that someday.
Tom said Mary was likely to be annoyed.
Tom is an actor and comedian.
I helped myself to coffee.
Tom said Mary was going to go see John.
Tom is an accomplished actor.
I heard three shots fired.
Tom said Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom is always free on Monday.
I heard that you did that.
Tom said Mary was asked not to do that.
Tom is afraid of his own son.
I heard a lot of gunshots.
Tom said Mary was able to do that, too.
Tom is a very skilled player.
I haven't washed my hands.
Tom said Mary seemed somewhat confused.
Tom is a really good teacher.
I haven't left Boston yet.
Tom said Mary ought to do that outside.
Tom is a really good pitcher.
I have to stop doing that.
Tom said Mary needs to be more careful.
Tom is a pretty good swimmer.
I have to stay home today.
Tom said Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom is a pretty close friend.
I have to find a solution.
Tom said Mary looked like she was busy.
Tom is a member of the choir.
I have to call the police.
Tom said Mary isn't willing to do that.
Tom is a member of our group.
I have three dogs at home.
Tom said Mary isn't through doing that.
Tom is a hard-working person.
I have no time to do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still sleepy.
Tom is a fairly good drummer.
I hate this kind of music.
Tom said Mary is probably still scared.
Tom is a better cook than me.
I hate speaking in public.
Tom said Mary is probably still lonely.
Tom insisted that I help him.
I hate sitting in traffic.
Tom said Mary is probably still grumpy.
Tom hopes that his team wins.
I had to be there by 2:30.
Tom said Mary is probably still afraid.
Tom helps out any way he can.
I had intended to do that.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I had better things to do.
Tom said Mary is determined to do that.
Tom has to be home on Monday.
I guess it's too late now.
Tom said Mary has seen John doing that.
Tom has three granddaughters.
I got tired of doing that.
Tom said Mary has never seen him dance.
Tom has never studied acting.
I go to Boston every week.
Tom said Mary has never seen John swim.
Tom has never ever done that.
I found something strange.
Tom said Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom has never been on a date.
I feel uncomfortable here.
Tom said Mary has done that many times.
Tom has done the right thing.
I draw pictures every day.
Tom said Mary has been very happy here.
Tom has done that, hasn't he?
I don't want to go either.
Tom said Mary has been told to do that.
Tom has done that on purpose.
I don't want to be lonely.
Tom said Mary has been arrested before.
Tom has done a very nice job.
I don't want to be caught.
Tom said Mary has always been athletic.
Tom has been crying all day.
I don't want to apologize.
Tom said Mary had to do that with John.
Tom has been told to do that.
I don't think that's mine.
Tom said Mary had the right to do that.
Tom has been doing that well.
Tom promised to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom has apparently done that.
I don't really want to go.
Tom probably knows where Mary was born.
Tom has always been friendly.
I don't read much anymore.
Tom poured some wine into Mary's glass.
I don't often wear a suit.
Tom must've thought Mary could do that.
Tom has a grandson in Boston.
I don't often eat at home.
Tom likes the way Mary makes spaghetti.
Tom has a dry sense of humor.
I don't need to buy a car.
Tom lied to Mary when he said did that.
Tom has a bar on Park Street.
I don't need an assistant.
Tom knew Mary no longer had to do that.
Tom had to work hard all day.
I don't like to wear ties.
Tom is very sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom had no chance to do that.
I don't like this one bit.
Tom is the only person Mary knows here.
Tom had his appendix removed.
I don't like the new plan.
Tom is the one who helped Mary do that.
Tom had a hammer in his hand.
I don't like taking risks.
Tom is the oldest of Mary's three sons.
Tom had a duplicate key made.
I don't like riding buses.
Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom got married before I did.
I don't like poker at all.
Tom is going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom got home around midnight.
I don't like being pushed.
Tom is at least twice as heavy as Mary.
Tom got fired for doing that.
I don't know who to blame.
Tom has told Mary she needs to do that.
Tom got fined for doing that.
I don't know how to reply.
Tom has told Mary not to do that again.
Tom got everything he needed.
I don't have that problem.
Tom has more experience than Mary does.
Tom got a job at a drugstore.
I don't have much luggage.
Tom has decided to cooperate with Mary.
Tom gestured for me to leave.
I don't have many options.
Tom has been here with Mary many times.
Tom found it hard to do that.
I don't have long to live.
Tom has asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom flew to Boston on Monday.
I don't have any shoes on.
Tom had no idea what Mary wanted to do.
Tom fired back at the police.
I don't have a smartphone.
Tom had no idea what Mary needed to do.
Tom figured he could do that.
I don't have a lot to say.
Tom gave Mary what little money he had.
Tom encouraged us to do that.
I don't get much time off.
Tom expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom encouraged me to do that.
I don't eat a lot of meat.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that alone.
I don't do that very well.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom doesn't seem very sleepy.
I don't do that every day.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is a nurse.
Tom doesn't seem to be upset.
I don't do that by myself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be worried.
Tom doesn't seem to be drunk.
I don't care what you eat.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be nervous.
Tom doesn't normally do that.
I don't always get my way.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be jealous.
Tom doesn't like to be early.
I do that on Mondays, too.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be careful.
Tom doesn't like sports much.
I didn't worry about that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary did.
Tom doesn't like hot weather.
I didn't work last Monday.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary did that.
Tom doesn't like his new job.
I didn't want to watch TV.
Tom doesn't like any of Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't have time to eat.
I didn't want to touch it.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was arrested.
Tom doesn't do that, does he?
I didn't want to go there.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is Canadian.
Tom doesn't do that that way.
I didn't want to be there.
Tom doesn't know Mary can speak French.
Tom doesn't care what you do.
I didn't wait for my turn.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would do that.
Tom does what he can to help.
I didn't tell anyone else.
Tom didn't think Mary would be worried.
Tom does that faster than me.
I didn't see anybody else.
Tom didn't think Mary would be nervous.
Tom does shave every morning.
I didn't need to buy this.
Tom didn't think Mary would be jealous.
Tom does seem awfully sleepy.
I didn't move fast enough.
Tom didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom didn't want to go to bed.
I didn't miss the meeting.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his sister.
Tom didn't want to be helped.
I didn't like the concert.
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his cousin.
Tom didn't wait for his turn.
I didn't know where I was.
Tom didn't tell Mary which book to buy.
Tom didn't think we did that.
I didn't know what to buy.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom didn't seem to notice it.
I didn't know their names.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he can't eat.
Tom didn't seem to be amused.
I didn't have my shoes on.
Tom didn't tell Mary his job was tough.
Tom didn't regret doing that.
I didn't have my boots on.
Tom didn't tell Mary about the robbery.
Tom didn't receive any reply.
I didn't have any privacy.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was crying.
Tom didn't react fast enough.
I didn't go to work today.
Tom didn't like what he saw Mary doing.
Tom didn't know who to trust.
I didn't go into the cave.
Tom didn't know where Mary's house was.
Tom didn't hesitate a second.
I didn't go in right away.
Tom didn't know that Mary was Canadian.
Tom didn't finish doing that.
I didn't follow the rules.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I didn't flush the toilet.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so hungry.
Tom didn't do that very well.
I didn't finish my dinner.
Tom didn't do what Mary told him to do.
Tom didn't do that very long.
I didn't feel like eating.
Tom did whatever Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't do that last week.
I didn't feel embarrassed.
Tom did what Mary said he needed to do.
Tom didn't do that after all.
I didn't exactly say that.
Tom did all he could to calm Mary down.
Tom did that wrong last time.
I didn't do that with you.
Tom couldn't teach Mary how to do that.
Tom did that without my help.
I didn't do anything else.
Tom couldn't talk Mary into doing that.
Tom did that with enthusiasm.
I didn't check my mailbox.
Tom couldn't find what Mary had hidden.
Tom did that three years ago.
I didn't break my promise.
Tom convinced Mary to teach him French.
Tom did that right this time.
I didn't ask for anything.
Tom complained to Mary about the noise.
Tom did that for three hours.
I didn't agree to do that.
Tom blamed Mary for all their problems.
Tom did that for his brother.
I didn't actually do that.
Tom assured Mary that he would do that.
Tom did that for a long time.
I did that yesterday, too.
Tom assured Mary that he could do that.
Tom did that for a few years.
I did that very carefully.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that today.
Tom did that a long time ago.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like him.
Tom couldn't do that anymore.
I did that in three hours.
Tom asked Mary what she was looking at.
Tom could still be at school.
I couldn't catch the ball.
Tom asked Mary what her conclusion was.
Tom could end up being fired.
I cooked dinner on Monday.
Tom apologized to Mary for what he did.
Tom complained about his job.
I can't work this evening.
Tom and Mary have never been on a date.
Tom comes home at about 6:30.
I can't understand French.
Tom and Mary have become close friends.
Tom claimed he could do that.
I can't speak much French.
Tom and Mary are still studying French.
Tom can't do that by himself.
I can't go anywhere today.
Tom and I were the ones who found Mary.
Tom can't do that any longer.
I can't get this jar open.
Tom and I want to know more about Mary.
Tom buys and sells old coins.
I can't get my gloves off.
I want Tom to show Mary how to do that.
Tom bought himself a new car.
I can't find my left shoe.
I thought Tom knew what Mary had to do.
Tom begged me not to do that.
I can't do that by myself.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom became a police sergeant.
I can do that blindfolded.
I don't know why Tom and Mary broke up.
Tom baked bread this morning.
I can buy anything I want.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my fiance.
Tom ate someone else's apple.
I came to Boston ages ago.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's husband?
Tom ate a sandwich for lunch.
I already know the secret.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's brother?
Tom asked us why we did that.
I accidentally cut myself.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's ex-wife?
Tom asked me if I liked math.
How often do you get sick?
Did you know Tom was younger than Mary?
Tom asked me if I liked jazz.
How often do you eat meat?
Did you know Tom was Mary's ex-husband?
Tom asked me about something.
How often do you buy eggs?
Did you know Tom and Mary were married?
Tom and only Tom can do that.
How much salt did you add?
Did you know Tom and Mary were an item?
Tom and I've talked about it.
How many cookies are left?
Tom and I weren't that close.
How did you know his name?
Tom's car cost a lot more than Mary's.
Tom and I went out to dinner.
Haven't you done that yet?
Tom wouldn't tell Mary how to do that.
Tom and I went out for lunch.
Have you fixed everything?
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that.
Tom and I wanted to be alone.
Have you ever owned a car?
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't.
Tom and I used to be married.
Have you broken any rules?
Tom wondered where Mary wanted to sit.
Tom and I used to be engaged.
Has a solution been found.
Tom wondered where Mary could've gone.
Tom and I talked about music.
Giving up isn't an option.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he's tired.
Tom and I still aren't ready.
Don't you wish to do that?
Tom won't likely tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom and I spoke on the phone.
Don't you like to do that?
Tom won't likely speak French to Mary.
Tom and I should do that now.
Don't drink anything else.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's busy.
Tom and I often jog together.
Don't do that by yourself.
Tom will give Mary what she asked for.
Tom and I often go to Boston.
Don't ask silly questions.
Tom went into the cave to rescue Mary.
Tom and I never eat together.
Doing that's illegal here.
Tom wasn't surprised by what Mary did.
Tom and I met in high school.
Doing that would be wrong.
Tom was worried Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom and I have similar goals.
Doing that would be scary.
Tom was the one who made Mary do that.
Tom and I have been drinking.
Doing that wasn't so easy.
Tom was lucky Mary helped him do that.
Tom and I have been arrested.
Do you still teach French?
Tom visited Mary in Boston in October.
Tom and I had a pillow fight.
Do you still study French?
Tom tried to show Mary how to do that.
Tom and I had a disagreement.
Do you still speak French?
Tom told Mary why he had to work late.
Tom and I go to the same gym.
Do you still do that here?
Tom told Mary why he enjoyed swimming.
Tom and I fight all the time.
Do you speak French often?
Tom told Mary why he couldn't do that.
Tom and I each took a cookie.
Do you live with your son?
Tom told Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom and I don't study French.
Do you exercise regularly?
Tom told Mary what she needed to know.
Tom and I did that yesterday.
Do you exercise every day?
Tom told Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom and I despise each other.
Do you ever wear earrings?
Tom told Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom and I broke up last week.
Do you do that very often?
Tom told Mary that he was very hungry.
Tom and I arrived separately.
Do you do that on Mondays?
Tom told Mary that he was unimpressed.
Tom and I argue all the time.
Do I need to go to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he was sympathetic.
Tom and I aren't married yet.
Do I have to go to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he was heartbroken.
Tom and I are very different.
Did you visit Boston, too?
Tom told Mary that he was embarrassed.
Tom and I are taking a break.
Did you use my toothbrush?
Tom told Mary that he was discouraged.
Tom and I are still together.
Did you go to Boston, too?
Tom told Mary that he wanted her help.
Tom and I are playing tennis.
Did you drink from my cup?
Tom told Mary that John would do that.
Did you do that yesterday?
Tom told Mary she could do that today.
Tom and I are in the kitchen.
Did you do that on Monday?
Tom told Mary he was going to do that.
Tom and I are happy together.
Did I say the right thing?
Tom thought that would embarrass Mary.
Tom and I are doing that now.
Did I buy the right thing?
Tom thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom and I are always careful.
Could you help me do that?
Tom thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom and I almost never argue.
Could you buy that for us?
Tom thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom and I almost got married.
Can you stand on one foot?
Tom thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom always seems to be wrong.
Can you remember her name?
Tom thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom always seems to be upset.
Can we go to Boston again?
Tom thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom always seems to be tired.
Be careful not to do that.
Tom thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom always seems to be right.
Are you unable to do that?
Tom thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom always seems to be early.
Are you really having fun?
Tom thinks Mary won't want to do that.
Tom always seems to be broke.
Are you on any committees?
Tom thinks Mary won't need to do that.
Tom always seems to be bored.
Are you afraid to do that?
Tom thinks Mary won't like to do that.
Tom always seems to be angry.
Are these your sunglasses?
Tom thinks Mary won't like doing that.
Tom always seems to be alone.
All of us want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't have to do that.
Tom almost forgot to do that.
"Who was there?" "Nobody."
Tom thinks Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom's trousers are too long.
Your resume's impressive.
Tom thinks Mary will do that for John.
Tom's father was a preacher.
Your plan is pretty good.
Tom thinks Mary will be here tomorrow.
Tom's assistant is Canadian.
Your options are limited.
Tom thinks Mary will be here all week.
Tom wouldn't let us do that.
Your knife is on my desk.
Tom thinks Mary will actually do that.
Tom works hard all the time.
Your French has improved.
Tom thinks Mary is through doing that.
Tom works for his uncle now.
You've been a good sport.
Tom thinks Mary is being unreasonable.
Tom worked in a post office.
You're the teacher's pet.
Tom thinks Mary can understand French.
Tom worked as a firefighter.
You're bored, aren't you?
Tom spends a lot of time helping Mary.
Tom won't likely be thirsty.
You're a very strong guy.
Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
Tom won't likely be pleased.
You're a very polite guy.
Tom should tell Mary to go home early.
Tom won't likely be on time.
You're a very good coach.
Tom should tell Mary not to be afraid.
Tom won't likely be nervous.
You're a very good actor.
Tom should tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom won't likely be jealous.
You're a very clumsy guy.
Tom should probably help Mary do that.
Tom won't likely be at home.
You're a very classy guy.
Tom seems to know what Mary was doing.
Tom won't likely be annoyed.
You're a very bad driver.
Tom seems to know what Mary has to do.
Tom won't do that this week.
You're a valuable client.
Tom seemed to know what Mary had done.
Tom won't be home on Monday.
You're a terrible singer.
Tom says that Mary will do that today.
Tom will study French today.
You're a stubborn person.
Tom says that Mary is good at cooking.
Tom will return before 2:30.
You're a reckless driver.
Tom says that Mary intends to do that.
Tom will probably be unhurt.
You're a really nice kid.
Tom says he's learned a lot from Mary.
Tom will probably be unfair.
You're a really nice guy.
Tom says he won't ask Mary to do that.
Tom will probably be scared.
You're a really cool guy.
Tom says he hopes that Mary does that.
Tom will probably be lonely.
You're a pretty cool guy.
Tom says he can't ask Mary to do that.
Tom will probably be hungry.
You're a great performer.
Tom says Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom will probably be asleep.
You're a good songwriter.
Tom says Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom will probably be afraid.
You'll do well, I'm sure.
Tom says Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom will likely be unafraid.
You'll be back, I'm sure.
Tom says Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom will likely be truthful.
You'd hate that, I think.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be tired.
Tom will likely be punished.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be happy.
Tom will likely be punctual.
You'd better not be late.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be angry.
Tom will likely be prepared.
You want this, don't you?
Tom says Mary didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom will likely be home now.
You want more, don't you?
Tom said we could ask Mary to do that.
Tom will likely be confused.
You should do that today.
Tom said that Mary would be back soon.
Tom will likely be arrested.
You said I could do that.
Tom said that Mary was ready to leave.
Tom will eventually turn up.
You really did that well.
Tom said that Mary was a little tired.
Tom will do that on his own.
You ought to relax a bit.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be tired.
Tom will do anything to win.
You need to learn French.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be happy.
Tom will be drunk as always.
You need to do that soon.
Tom said that Mary really did do that.
Tom will also be questioned.
You need this, don't you?
Tom said that Mary intends to do that.
Tom went on speaking French.
You may not do that here.
Tom said that Mary has been very busy.
Tom went ahead and did that.
You look very busy today.
Tom said he's never seen Mary do that.
Tom wears a hearing aid now.
You look really relieved.
Tom said he's glad Mary could do that.
Tom wasn't very sympathetic.
You look older than I am.
Tom said he wouldn't do that for Mary.
Tom wasn't very cooperative.
You look much better now.
Tom said he wished he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom wasn't sleeping, was he?
You look like an old man.
Tom said he wished Mary would do that.
Tom wasn't good at baseball.
You look like a wrestler.
Tom said he wished Mary could do that.
Tom was wearing a nice suit.
You look like a teenager.
Tom said he wasn't worried about Mary.
Tom was told not to do that.
You look like a rich man.
Tom said he wasn't going to Mary's party.
Tom was planning to do that.
You look like a criminal.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't tired.
Tom was interested in music.
You look extremely happy.
Tom said he thought Mary was sleeping.
Tom was hesitant to do that.
You look a little sleepy.
Tom said he thinks Mary won't do that.
Tom was a railroad engineer.
You look a little groggy.
Tom said he never saw Mary doing that.
Tom was a major in the army.
You like fish, don't you?
Tom said he invited Mary to his party.
Tom wants to come to Boston.
You did that really well.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be there.
Tom wants to be cooperative.
You did that incorrectly.
Tom said he expected Mary to help him.
Tom wanted to do that again.
You could do that for us.
Tom said he asked Mary not to do that.
Tom used to love doing that.
You can skate, can't you?
Tom said Mary wouldn't do that either.
Tom used to like doing that.
You bought rolls, I hope.
Tom said Mary would go back home soon.
Tom used to hate doing that.
You aren't sick, are you?
Tom said Mary went to Boston with him.
Tom understands French well.
Would you leave me alone?
Tom said Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom turned down our request.
Won't you please do that?
Tom said Mary was willing to help you.
Tom told us to study French.
Won't you do that for me?
Tom said Mary was too weak to do that.
Tom told us to speak French.
Will you please sit down?
Tom said Mary was too lazy to do that.
Tom told me to study French.
Will you be leaving soon?
Tom said Mary was too busy to help us.
Tom told me to speak French.
Why can't I go to Boston?
Tom said Mary was too busy to do that.
Tom told me to keep walking.
Why are you so sad today?
Tom said Mary was tired of doing that.
Tom told me that he's upset.
Why are you so depressed?
Tom said Mary was likely to be unhurt.
Tom told me that he's tired.
Why am I not on the list?
Tom said Mary was likely to be unfair.
Tom told me that he's ready.
Who's going to the party?
Tom said Mary was likely to be sleepy.
Tom told me that he's first.
Who were you eating with?
Tom said Mary was likely to be scared.
Tom told me that he's broke.
Who told you I'd do that?
Tom said Mary was likely to be lonely.
Tom told me that he's bored.
Who hasn't done that yet?
Tom said Mary was likely to be grumpy.
Tom told me that he's alone.
Who brought these grapes?
Tom said Mary was likely to be biased.
Tom told me that I'm boring.
When may I do that again?
Tom said Mary was likely to be afraid.
Tom told me he spoke French.
When do you study French?
Tom said Mary was likely to be absent.
Tom told me I could do that.
When did you arrive here?
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd do that.
Tom thinks he's a good cook.
What size are your shoes?
Tom said Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks he could do that.
What movie did you watch?
Tom said Mary was having a lot of fun.
Tom tends to drink too much.
We've decided to do that.
Tom said Mary was grateful to be here.
Tom taught French last year.
We won't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary was finished doing that.
Tom talked about his father.
We were asked to do that.
Tom said Mary should do that tomorrow.
Tom swears he won't do that.
We went hiking yesterday.
Tom said Mary seemed to be having fun.
Tom studied French ages ago.
We spoke French together.
Tom said Mary needed to do that today.
Tom still wanted to do that.
We seldom come to Boston.
Tom said Mary isn't afraid to do that.
Tom still hasn't apologized.
We sat down at the table.
Tom said Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom speaks French every day.
We never do that anymore.
Tom said Mary is probably still upset.
Tom shouldn't do that again.
We didn't stay in Boston.
Tom said Mary is probably still tired.
Tom should've stayed longer.
We could do that for you.
Tom said Mary is probably still bored.
Tom should've spoken French.
We can understand French.
Tom said Mary is probably still awake.
Tom should've gone with you.
We ate pizza last Monday.
Tom said Mary is probably still alone.
Tom should've been truthful.
Was yesterday a cold day?
Tom said Mary is probably still alive.
Tom should've been sleeping.
Was it snowing yesterday?
Tom said Mary is pretty good at piano.
Tom should've been prepared.
Was it raining yesterday?
Tom said Mary is pretty good at chess.
Tom should've been obedient.
Those shoes belong to me.
Tom said Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom should've been forgiven.
Those don't belong to me.
Tom said Mary is going to go see John.
Tom should've been arrested.
This umbrella isn't mine.
Tom said Mary is desperate to do that.
Tom should do that sometime.
This suitcase isn't mine.
Tom said Mary has seen people do that.
Tom should cancel his party.
This paint dries quickly.
Tom said Mary has only done that once.
Tom shot himself last night.
These pants are too long.
Tom said Mary has never seen him swim.
Tom shot and killed a tiger.
These gloves aren't mine.
Tom said Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom seldom does that for us.
There's a tollgate ahead.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom seldom does that for me.
There was a lot of smoke.
Tom said Mary didn't sound optimistic.
Tom seems to be very hungry.
The water is really cold.
Tom said Mary didn't have a boyfriend.
Tom seemed to be very upset.
The system isn't perfect.
Tom said Mary didn't get enough sleep.
Tom seemed to be very tired.
The case has been closed.
Tom said Mary didn't care what we did.
Tom seemed to be very happy.
That's a sensitive issue.
Tom said Mary didn't care what he did.
Tom seemed to be very angry.
That car used to be mine.
Tom said Mary couldn't do that either.
Tom seemed to be having fun.
Tell me how you did that.
Tom put his hands on Mary's shoulders.
Tom seemed tired and hungry.
Some things won't change.
Tom ought to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom scared me half to death.
Should we come to Boston?
Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
Tom says that he'll do that.
Please tell us the truth.
Tom likes swimming and Mary does, too.
Tom says he's taught French.
Please give me all those.
Tom let Mary know that he had arrived.
Tom says he's learned a lot.
Please give me all these.
Tom knows that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom says he's good at chess.
Please don't do that now.
Tom knew Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom says he'll do just that.
Please do that right now.
Tom killed himself after killing Mary.
Tom says he'd never do that.
Please do that once more.
Tom isn't as old as Mary thinks he is.
Tom says he used to do that.
Please do that next week.
Tom is still touring with Mary's band.
Tom says he doesn't do that.
Please do that carefully.
Tom is determined to do that for Mary.
Tom says I ought to do that.
Our troubles aren't over.
Tom is better at doing that than Mary.
Tom said the picnic was fun.
Our problems aren't over.
Tom is afraid that Mary might do that.
Tom said that he was sleepy.
Open the package, please.
Tom helped Mary deal with the problem.
Tom said his team would win.
Only two people did that.
Tom has told Mary to leave John alone.
Tom said he's ready to help.
One of us should do that.
Tom has told Mary he needs to do that.
Tom said he's in Boston now.
One of us has to do that.
Tom has been told to leave Mary alone.
Tom said he's been forgiven.
My time is very valuable.
Tom has asked Mary to change her mind.
Tom said he'll visit Boston.
My strength is returning.
Tom hardly ever talks to Mary anymore.
Tom said he'll do that soon.
My room isn't very large.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she wanted.
Tom said he'd fly to Boston.
My room isn't very clean.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she needed.
Tom said he'd do that later.
My room isn't like yours.
Tom found Mary's purse under the sofa.
Tom said he wasn't Canadian.
My office is a real mess.
Tom forgot to remind Mary to buy eggs.
Tom said he was feeling bad.
My name is on the ballot.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was tired.
Tom said he lost his temper.
My house is easy to find.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is hungry.
Tom said he knows the rules.
My friends laughed at me.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like John.
Tom said he knew what to do.
My father was a preacher.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be scared.
Tom said he kept doing that.
My father is very strict.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be lonely.
Tom said he did that for us.
My efforts were rewarded.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be afraid.
Tom said I ought to do that.
My dreams have come true.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be absent.
Tom said I looked terrified.
My children love animals.
Tom doesn't think Mary is retired yet.
Tom said I looked perplexed.
My birthday is next week.
Tom doesn't think Mary is embarrassed.
Tom said I looked horrified.
Monday will be a hot day.
Tom doesn't think Mary is discouraged.
Tom said I looked concerned.
Mary has long brown hair.
Tom doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Make sure you're on time.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that right.
Tom said I had go to Boston.
Look what I bought today.
Tom doesn't like pizza, but Mary does.
Tom refuses to speak French.
Let's visit Boston first.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't happy.
Tom received a lot of gifts.
Let's visit Boston again.
Tom doesn't know who did that to Mary.
Tom really wants to do that.
Let's speak French today.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is unhappy.
Tom really tried to do that.
Let's not stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't know how Mary got injured.
Tom really needs to do that.
Let's go to Boston first.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to be on time.
Tom put the key on the desk.
Let's go to Boston again.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for doing that.
Tom promised that he'd help.
Let's get out of the way.
Tom doesn't believe Mary will do that.
Tom promised that he'd come.
Let's do that right away.
Tom didn't think that Mary was pretty.
Tom promised that he'd call.
Let's do that next month.
Tom didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom promised he'll be there.
Last month was very cold.
Tom didn't think Mary would be sleepy.
Tom probably isn't busy now.
It's way past my bedtime.
Tom didn't think Mary would be scared.
Tom prefers to stay at home.
It's very creepy in here.
Tom didn't think Mary would be lonely.
Tom plays the clarinet well.
It's too late to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be afraid.
Tom plans to stay in Boston.
It's our duty to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was retired yet.
Tom plans to live in Boston.
It's now time to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was embarrassed.
Tom plans to come to Boston.
It's not good to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was discouraged.
Tom packed a large suitcase.
It's humid now in Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary was cooperative.
Tom ought to stay in Boston.
It's foggy now in Boston.
Tom didn't like the way Mary did that.
Tom ought to have done that.
It's cold here in Boston.
Tom didn't like any of Mary's friends.
Tom often gets into trouble.
It's almost time for bed.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so upset.
Tom never does that with us.
It's a risk worth taking.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so tired.
Tom never actually did that.
Is there any coffee left?
Tom didn't know what Mary was reading.
Tom needs to stay in Boston.
Is there any cheese left?
Tom didn't know Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom needs to be cooperative.
Is it cold now in Boston?
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so tired.
Tom must've wanted to speak.
Is doing that prohibited?
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so happy.
Tom must've been frustrated.
I've visited Boston, too.
Tom didn't even realize Mary had left.
Tom must've been frightened.
I've visited Boston once.
Tom did that the way Mary told him to.
Tom must've been astonished.
I've studied French, too.
Tom did that because Mary told him to.
Tom must be in his thirties.
I've seen people do that.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to do that.
Tom may speak French to you.
I've never taught French.
Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom may have gone to Boston.
I've left Boston already.
Tom can swim at least as fast as Mary.
Tom may do that if he wants.
I've just visited Boston.
Tom can do that much faster than Mary.
Tom may do that if he likes.
I've just read this book.
Tom asked Mary why she had to do that.
Tom lost his job last month.
I've just come to Boston.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't do that.
Tom lost his entire savings.
I've got to take it easy.
Tom asked Mary when the party started.
Tom looked like he was busy.
I've finished doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Thai food.
Tom lives not far from here.
I've done that, you know.
Tom and Mary were sitting close to me.
Tom likes the way you dance.
I've always been on time.
Tom and Mary were sitting at the back.
Tom likes the way I do that.
I've also studied French.
Tom and Mary seem to be close friends.
Tom likely won't be on time.
I'm willing to cooperate.
Tom and Mary have something in common.
Tom likely won't be nervous.
I'm too tired to do that.
Tom and Mary have just gotten married.
Tom left for school at 6:30.
I'm the person in charge.
Tom and Mary have always been friends.
Tom knows a lot about birds.
I'm smarter than you are.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be there.
Tom keeps his uniform clean.
I'm quite good at tennis.
Tom and Mary are waiting in the lobby.
Tom just did that last week.
I'm not leaving you guys.
Tom and I invited Mary to our wedding.
Tom isn't very conservative.
I'm not in my office now.
Tom advised Mary to keep her promises.
Tom isn't the only survivor.
I'm not having much luck.
Tom advised Mary to get more exercise.
Tom isn't really good to me.
I'm not doing that again.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary.
Tom isn't likely to be late.
I'm glad I could do that.
I didn't tell Tom anything about Mary.
Tom isn't likely to be busy.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my ex-wife.
Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I'm afraid of doing that.
I didn't realize Tom had to help Mary.
Tom isn't a student anymore.
I'll eat when I'm hungry.
I didn't realize Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom is writing another book.
I'll do that if possible.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's son.
Tom is who I think did that.
I'll die if I don't do that.
I didn't know Tom was older than Mary.
Tom is well known in Boston.
I'll continue to do that.
I didn't know Tom helped Mary do that.
Tom is very unlikely to win.
I'll come to Boston soon.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's father?
Tom is trying to be popular.
I'd rather do that alone.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's cousin?
Tom is too tired to do that.
I'd like to do that here.
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like Mary?
Tom is too timid to do that.
I'd like a piece of cake.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's sister?
Tom is too small to do that.
I'd better do that today.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's mother?
Tom is too short to do that.
I'd be afraid to do that.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's cousin?
Tom is too drunk to do that.
I wouldn't do that again.
Did you know Tom was Mary's boyfriend?
Tom is still my best friend.
I won't make you do that.
You should tell Tom Mary can do that.
Tom is starting to talk now.
I won't do that tomorrow.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't at home.
Tom is permitted to do that.
I won't agree to do that.
Tom wondered why Mary was doing that.
Tom is over three years old.
I wish you would do that.
Tom wondered why Mary had to do that.
Tom is older than all of us.
I wasn't there yesterday.
Tom wondered who Mary was married to.
Tom is often busy on Monday.
I wasn't having much fun.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted to go.
Tom is never late for class.
I was willing to do that.
Tom wondered where Mary hid her keys.
Tom is my saxophone teacher.
I was wearing a hard hat.
Tom wondered where Mary had met John.
Tom is my neighbor's nephew.
I was too tired to dance.
Tom wondered what Mary wanted to eat.
Tom is motivated to do that.
I was tempted to do that.
Tom wondered what Mary wanted to buy.
Tom is making breakfast now.
I was ordered to do that.
Tom wondered what Mary needed to buy.
Tom is likely to be unlucky.
I was having a good time.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is likely to be thirsty.
I was downtown yesterday.
Tom won't be lonely if Mary is there.
Tom is likely to be puzzled.
I was completely baffled.
Tom will probably cry if Mary leaves.
Tom is likely to be present.
I was afraid to go there.
Tom will do what he can to help Mary.
Tom is likely to be pleased.
I wanted to write a book.
Tom went to warn Mary not to do that.
Tom is likely to be outside.
I wanted to be a dentist.
Tom went to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom is likely to be nervous.
I want to take a day off.
Tom wasn't able to make Mary do that.
Tom is likely to be jealous.
I want to study medicine.
Tom was surprised when Mary did that.
Tom is likely to be grouchy.
I want to stay in Boston.
Tom was surprised that Mary did that.
Tom is likely to be furious.
I want to paint my house.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom is likely to be excited.
I want to join your club.
Tom was hired to be Mary's bodyguard.
Tom is likely to be curious.
I want to eat fried rice.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom is likely to be careful.
I want to call my lawyer.
Tom was glad Mary helped him do that.
Tom is likely to be annoyed.
I want to buy some books.
Tom warned Mary not to do that again.
Tom is like his grandfather.
I want to buy a sailboat.
Tom usually eats more than Mary does.
Tom is impatient to do that.
I want to be the manager.
Tom told me Mary knew how to do that.
Tom is helping us with that.
I want to be a paramedic.
Tom told Mary why he needed her help.
Tom is good at making money.
I want to be a celebrity.
Tom told Mary what she needed to buy.
Tom is fun to hang out with.
I want to be a carpenter.
Tom told Mary to look out the window.
Tom is doing that very well.
I tried to be optimistic.
Tom told Mary to do that immediately.
Tom is desperate to do that.
I thought you were lying.
Tom told Mary that she looked sleepy.
Tom is carrying a black bag.
I thought it was too hot.
Tom told Mary that he'd forgiven her.
Tom is apt to forget things.
I think we could do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be back soon.
Tom is an experienced skier.
I think my team will win.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do it.
Tom is always late for work.
I think it'll snow today.
Tom told Mary that he was unemployed.
Tom is already hungry again.
Tom told Mary that he was suspicious.
Tom is addicted to caffeine.
I speak French sometimes.
Tom told Mary that he was frustrated.
Tom is active in his church.
I shouldn't do that here.
Tom told Mary that he was frightened.
Tom is able to teach French.
I shouldn't be in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he was displeased.
Tom is able to study French.
I shouldn't be down here.
Tom told Mary that John wasn't awake.
Tom is able to do that, too.
I should've won the race.
Tom told Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom is a wrestler and a coach.
I should stop doing that.
Tom told Mary never to do that again.
Tom is a well-known drummer.
I should still be in bed.
Tom told Mary he was able to do that.
Tom is a very stingy person.
I should stay where I am.
Tom told Mary he knew how to do that.
Tom is a son of a policeman.
I should change my locks.
Tom told Mary he intended to do that.
Tom is a pretty good golfer.
I should cancel my party.
Tom told Mary he didn't like his job.
Tom is a pretty good batter.
I should be in my office.
Tom told Mary he could do that today.
Tom is a hardworking person.
I should be home by 2:30.
Tom thought that Mary was having fun.
Tom is a good music teacher.
I should be here tonight.
Tom thought that John was Mary's son.
Tom is a good guitar player.
I should be back shortly.
Tom thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom is a driving instructor.
I should be back by 2:30.
Tom thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom is a child psychologist.
I should be OK by Monday.
Tom thought Mary would be interested.
Tom is a Canadian guitarist.
I regretted the decision.
Tom thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom hurt himself doing that.
I regret visiting Boston.
Tom thinks Mary would be discouraged.
Tom hasn't done that before.
I regret going to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary won't really do that.
Tom has to start doing that.
I refuse to leave Boston.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely do that.
Tom has to do that tomorrow.
I really don't like dogs.
Tom thinks Mary won't be embarrassed.
Tom has to be ready by 2:30.
I really don't like cats.
Tom thinks Mary won't be cooperative.
Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I read the message again.
Tom thinks Mary will want to do that.
Tom has really helped a lot.
I raise rabbits for meat.
Tom thinks Mary will be here by noon.
Tom has never taught French.
I put on my coat and hat.
Tom thinks Mary will be busy all day.
Tom has never been friendly.
I prefer to stay at home.
Tom strongly advised Mary to do that.
Tom has made similar claims.
I picked up a hitchhiker.
Tom still wants to do that with Mary.
Tom has finally gotten here.
I now regret my decision.
Tom showed Mary a new way to do that.
Tom has done that very well.
I noticed the same thing.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
Tom has done so much for us.
I never said I'd do that.
Tom shouldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom has been moody all week.
I needed to get some air.
Tom should've called Mary last night.
Tom has been getting fatter.
I need to take a day off.
Tom should have Mary do that for him.
Tom has been getting better.
I need to stay in Boston.
Tom seems to know what Mary is doing.
Tom has been busy all month.
I need to go to the bank.
Tom seems to know what Mary has done.
Tom has been asked to leave.
I need to get into shape.
Tom says he thinks Mary is beautiful.
Tom has been acting strange.
I need to buy some socks.
Tom says he owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom has been a great friend.
I might not visit Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary won't do that.
Tom has asked me to do that.
I might not leave Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary could do that.
Tom has apologized for that.
I might not go to Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary can't do that.
Tom has also studied French.
I may still go to Boston.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't do that.
Tom has a permit to do that.
I love the way you dance.
Tom says he has to help Mary do that.
Tom has a chance to do that.
I looked under the table.
Tom says Mary won't enjoy doing that.
Tom had hip surgery in 2013.
I looked down at the dog.
Tom says Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom had a good time camping.
I looked down at my feet.
Tom says Mary didn't seem to be busy.
Tom had a chance to do that.
I looked at the schedule.
Tom says Mary didn't seem interested.
Tom got tired of doing that.
I looked at the odometer.
Tom says Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom got more than he needed.
I looked at the calendar.
Tom says Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom got a chance to do that.
I looked around the room.
Tom said that's not what Mary wanted.
Tom gives to many charities.
I like working in Boston.
Tom said that Mary wasn't happy here.
Tom gave me some bad advice.
I like to watch baseball.
Tom said that Mary was very careless.
Tom gave a very good speech.
I like this time of year.
Tom said that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom felt the same way I did.
I know you're not stupid.
Tom said that Mary wanted some money.
Tom failed to get nominated.
I know you're interested.
Tom said that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom expects to do that soon.
I know you won't do that.
Tom said that Mary should be careful.
Tom ended up in third place.
I know why you're afraid.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be busy.
Tom drove me to the station.
I know what's in the bag.
Tom said that Mary really liked John.
Tom dropped out of the race.
I know what that's about.
Tom said that Mary needed some money.
Tom doesn't wish to do that.
I know this is the truth.
Tom said that Mary has to be careful.
Tom doesn't want to be last.
I know there's a problem.
Tom said that Mary grew up in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be here.
I know that you're right.
Tom said he's considering suing Mary.
Tom doesn't mind doing that.
I know that feeling well.
Tom said he was going to go see Mary.
Tom doesn't like to be here.
I know that can be tough.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't busy.
Tom doesn't know where I am.
I know that I'm annoying.
Tom said he thought Mary was at home.
Tom doesn't deny doing that.
I know many French songs.
Tom said he spoke to Mary about that.
Tom doesn't care what we do.
I know how to play poker.
Tom said he owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom doesn't care about that.
I know how to play chess.
Tom said he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom does that when he's sad.
I know how to milk a cow.
Tom said he isn't going to Mary's party.
Tom does that every morning.
I know a lot of proverbs.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that.
Tom does seem awfully tired.
I know a lot about music.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't be late.
Tom does seem awfully needy.
I know a lot about birds.
Tom said he hopes Mary will help him.
Tom died later that evening.
I know I've been lied to.
Tom said he hoped Mary would do that.
Tom didn't sound optimistic.
I know I'm being watched.
Tom said he hoped Mary could do that.
Tom didn't seem very sleepy.
I know I want to do that.
Tom said he expects Mary to help him.
Tom didn't seem too unhappy.
I know I need to do that.
Tom said he expected Mary to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be tired.
I know I have to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was.
Tom didn't seem to be happy.
I know Boston inside out.
Tom said Mary would probably do that.
Tom didn't seem to be drunk.
I knew what was going on.
Tom said Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't seem to be angry.
I knew it was time to go.
Tom said Mary would do that for sure.
Tom didn't say you did that.
I intend to leave Boston.
Tom said Mary wasn't very supportive.
Tom didn't go into the cave.
I hope you were generous.
Tom said Mary was worried about John.
Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I hope you were friendly.
Tom said Mary was willing to help us.
Tom didn't agree to do that.
I hope that my team wins.
Tom said Mary was willing to do that.
Tom didn't actually do that.
I hope my opinion counts.
Tom said Mary was too young to drive.
Tom did that three days ago.
I hope I don't die alone.
Tom said Mary was too young to drink.
Tom did that here yesterday.
I help out any way I can.
Tom said Mary was too shy to do that.
Tom did that for many years.
I haven't had supper yet.
Tom said Mary was too old to do that.
Tom did that for his sister.
I haven't had dinner yet.
Tom said Mary was through doing that.
Tom did that for his family.
I haven't ever done that.
Tom said Mary was tempted to do that.
Tom did more than his share.
I have to get more sleep.
Tom said Mary was likely to be upset.
Tom denies that he did that.
I have no reason to stay.
Tom said Mary was likely to be tired.
Tom denies having done that.
I had to go to a meeting.
Tom said Mary was likely to be right.
Tom denied that he did that.
I had to go home at 2:30.
Tom said Mary was likely to be ready.
Tom definitely wasn't happy.
I had to call the police.
Tom said Mary was likely to be early.
Tom could've been a teacher.
I guess you're mad at me.
Tom said Mary was likely to be drunk.
Tom could very well do that.
I found out who did that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be broke.
Tom could be retired by now.
I expect to do that soon.
Tom said Mary was likely to be bored.
Tom could be here somewhere.
I enjoy living in Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be awake.
Tom could be doing that now.
I enjoy coming to Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be angry.
Tom cooked dinner on Monday.
I don't watch TV anymore.
Tom said Mary was likely to be alone.
Tom comes here every Monday.
I don't want to touch it.
Tom said Mary was happy she did that.
Tom chose music as a career.
I don't want this either.
Tom said Mary was fascinated by that.
Tom can't understand French.
I don't trust any of you.
Tom said Mary was enjoying the party.
Tom can't solve the problem.
I don't think it'll rain.
Tom said Mary was curious about that.
Tom can't help us right now.
I don't regret saying no.
Tom said Mary wants to do that today.
Tom can't do that every day.
I don't really like dogs.
Tom said Mary wanted John to do that.
Tom can do that really well.
I don't play video games.
Tom said Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom can do that pretty well.
I don't often wear a tie.
Tom said Mary should do that outside.
Tom can do that if he wants.
I don't need to know why.
Tom said Mary should be more careful.
Tom can do that if he likes.
I don't need a chauffeur.
Tom said Mary seemed to be exhausted.
Tom believes we can do that.
I don't like your family.
Tom said Mary regretted what she did.
Tom believes he can do that.
I don't like wearing red.
Tom said Mary probably won't do that.
Tom became a priest in 2013.
I don't like to exercise.
Tom said Mary needs to do that today.
Tom became a doctor in 2013.
I don't like those women.
Tom said Mary needed to do that soon.
Tom asked several questions.
I don't like this design.
Tom said Mary just has to be patient.
Tom asked me why I did that.
I don't like mathematics.
Tom said Mary isn't happy about that.
Tom asked me not to do that.
I don't like hot weather.
Tom said Mary isn't going to do that.
Tom asked me if I liked him.
I don't like green beans.
Tom said Mary is very busy this week.
Tom asked me if I had a dog.
I don't know those women.
Tom said Mary is very busy right now.
Tom and I've been very busy.
I don't have to know why.
Tom said Mary is probably still weak.
Tom and I've become friends.
I don't have the measles.
Tom said Mary is probably still lost.
Tom and I'll meet you there.
I don't have that luxury.
Tom said Mary is probably still here.
Tom and I weren't impressed.
I don't have much to say.
Tom said Mary is probably still cold.
Tom and I were also present.
I don't have an umbrella.
Tom said Mary is hesitant to do that.
Tom and I want to come over.
I don't eat pork anymore.
Tom said Mary is grateful to be here.
Tom and I texted each other.
I don't eat meat or eggs.
Tom said Mary is finished doing that.
Tom and I talked about that.
I don't eat meat anymore.
Tom said Mary has to be more careful.
Tom and I soon fell in love.
I don't eat dill pickles.
Tom said Mary has only met John once.
Tom and I sat on the ground.
I don't care about money.
Tom said Mary has never seen his dog.
Tom and I sat down together.
I do that whenever I can.
Tom said Mary has been robbed before.
Tom and I meet every Monday.
I didn't win the contest.
Tom said Mary has been feeling tired.
Tom and I hung out together.
I didn't wash the dishes.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom and I hugged and kissed.
I didn't want to go home.
Tom said Mary didn't sound surprised.
Tom and I haven't eaten yet.
I didn't want to do this.
Tom said Mary didn't sound convinced.
Tom and I have an agreement.
I didn't want to be last.
Tom said Mary didn't sound confident.
Tom and I have a nice house.
I didn't want get caught.
Tom said Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom and I have a lot of fun.
I didn't want a sandwich.
Tom said Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom and I hang out together.
I didn't try hard enough.
Tom refused to tell me what Mary did.
Tom and I first met in 2013.
I didn't talk about that.
Tom may not come to Boston with Mary.
Tom and I exchanged glances.
I didn't suspect a thing.
Tom looked directly into Mary's eyes.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves.
I didn't study yesterday.
Tom likes the way Mary smiles at him.
Tom and I do a lot together.
I didn't stay there long.
Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I did what we could.
I didn't read the report.
Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
Tom and I detest each other.
I didn't like what I saw.
Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
Tom and I ate lunch outside.
I didn't like that place.
Tom knows Mary will help him do that.
Tom and I argue quite often.
I didn't like that movie.
Tom and I aren't happy here.
I didn't like being poor.
Tom knew Mary would help him do that.
Tom and I are very busy now.
I didn't know the system.
Tom knew Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom and I are still married.
I didn't know about that.
Tom isn't sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom and I are still in love.
I didn't keep my promise.
Tom is very sure Mary should do that.
Tom and I are playing poker.
I didn't have permission.
Tom is very sure Mary has to do that.
Tom and I are playing chess.
I didn't have a good day.
Tom is very happy that Mary did that.
Tom and I are playing cards.
I didn't go to the party.
Tom is reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom and I are in Boston now.
I didn't go to the dance.
Tom is doing that just to annoy Mary.
Tom and I are house hunting.
I didn't finish the race.
Tom is convinced that Mary likes him.
Tom and I are having a baby.
I didn't feel threatened.
Tom hopes Mary will teach him French.
Tom and I are back together.
I didn't exactly say yes.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom and I already know that.
I didn't do that, either.
Tom always seems to do that.
I didn't do that so well.
Tom has told Mary she has to do that.
Tom always seems to be sick.
I didn't demand anything.
Tom has found out Mary can't read.
Tom always seems to be late.
I didn't crack any jokes.
Tom has done that more than Mary has.
Tom always seems to be here.
I didn't comment on that.
Tom has already told Mary to do that.
Tom always does that for us.
I didn't call the police.
Tom forgot to remind Mary to do that.
Tom also did that yesterday.
I didn't break any rules.
Tom expected Mary to do things right.
Tom admitted he's done that.
I didn't approve of that.
Tom drives as carefully as Mary does.
Tom's eyes filled with tears.
I didn't answer my phone.
Tom doesn't want to do that for Mary.
Tom wouldn't do that again.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom works in a car factory.
I did that for the money.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is tired.
Tom worked on the railroad.
I did that for my family.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is happy.
Tom worked here until 2013.
I decided not to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do that.
Tom won't make you do that.
I could help you do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be upset.
Tom won't likely be sleepy.
I could buy that for you.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be ready.
Tom won't likely be scared.
I carried both suitcases.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be first.
Tom won't likely be lonely.
I can't stand doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be early.
Tom won't likely be afraid.
I can't leave Boston now.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be bored.
Tom won't likely be absent.
I bought three notebooks.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be alone.
Tom won't buy that for you.
I believe we can do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is suspicious.
Tom won't be here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think Mary is frightened.
Tom won't be busy tomorrow.
I believe it can be done.
Tom doesn't think Mary is doing that.
Tom will visit Boston soon.
I always have to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary could do that.
Tom will return after 2:30.
I agreed to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary dances.
Tom will probably be upset.
I agree that's a problem.
Tom doesn't know where Mary was born.
Tom will probably be tired.
How often do you do that?
Tom doesn't know where Mary is going.
Tom will probably be ready.
How do you open this box?
Tom doesn't know that Mary is hungry.
Tom will probably be early.
How do you cook potatoes?
Tom doesn't know that Mary hates him.
Tom will likely be pleased.
How did you go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know Mary didn't do that.
Tom will likely be nervous.
Have I ever deceived you?
Tom doesn't believe Mary can do that.
Tom will likely be jealous.
Don't try to do that now.
Tom didn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom will likely be furious.
Don't scare me like that.
Tom didn't want to be on Mary's team.
Tom will likely be curious.
Don't park your car here.
Tom didn't think that Mary was tired.
Tom will be there for sure.
Don't be late for dinner.
Tom didn't think that Mary was happy.
Tom will be home on Monday.
Doing that's a good idea.
Tom didn't think Mary would be tired.
Tom went down to the beach.
Doing that would be rude.
Tom didn't think Mary would be ready.
Tom wasn't very suspicious.
Doing that would be easy.
Tom didn't think Mary would be first.
Tom wasn't very supportive.
Doing that was very easy.
Tom didn't think Mary would be early.
Tom wasn't very reasonable.
Doing that should be fun.
Tom didn't think Mary would be alone.
Tom wasn't very optimistic.
Do you want to come, too?
Tom didn't think Mary would allow it.
Tom wasn't very interested.
Do you mind if I do that?
Tom didn't think Mary was suspicious.
Tom wasn't very frightened.
Do you like to wear hats?
Tom didn't think Mary was interested.
Tom was willing to do that.
Do you intend to do that?
Tom didn't think Mary was frightened.
Tom was wearing a new coat.
Do you have dental floss?
Tom didn't think Mary looked nervous.
Tom was too shy to do that.
Do you ever visit Boston?
Tom didn't tell me Mary was his wife.
Tom was tempted to do that.
Do you do that every day?
Tom didn't tell Mary why he did that.
Tom was polite but distant.
Do I have to wear a suit?
Tom didn't seem to know who Mary was.
Tom was ordered to do that.
Did you say you did that?
Tom didn't really give Mary a chance.
Tom was never my boyfriend.
Chuck's Diner has closed.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so busy.
Tom was in court on Monday.
Can you do that tomorrow?
Tom didn't know where Mary was going.
Tom was fascinated by that.
Can I come with a friend?
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so busy.
Tom was enjoying the party.
Aren't you satisfied yet?
Tom did what he could to rescue Mary.
Tom was a railway employee.
Are you happy to do that?
Tom did what Mary expected him to do.
Tom wanted to study French.
Are you happy doing that?
Tom decided that Mary should do that.
Tom wanted to learn French.
Are you good at baseball?
Tom couldn't do that, but Mary could.
Tom wanted to be a fireman.
Are you afraid of snakes?
Tom could try to get Mary to do that.
Tom used to sell used cars.
Are banks open on Monday?
Tom believed that Mary would do that.
Tom used to drink too much.
Your room is very messy.
Tom believed that Mary could do that.
Tom used to be my neighbor.
Your reputation is good.
Tom asked Mary why she was in Boston.
Tom tried to drown himself.
Your name's on the list.
Tom asked Mary why she had been late.
Tom told me that he's well.
Your answer was correct.
Tom asked Mary why he had to do that.
Tom told me that he's safe.
You've been blacklisted.
Tom asked Mary to do that by herself.
Tom told me that he's last.
You're the only witness.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that.
Tom told me that he's fine.
You're a very smart guy.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom told me that he's done.
You're a very lucky guy.
Tom and Mary seemed perfect together.
Tom told me that he's cold.
You're a very good liar.
Tom and Mary often do the same thing.
Tom told me that I'm right.
You're a very good cook.
Tom and Mary live and work in Boston.
Tom told me that I'm pushy.
You're a terrible coach.
Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom told me that I'm first.
You're a strange person.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom thinks he's infallible.
You're a selfish person.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
Tom teaches at this school.
You're a natural leader.
Tom and Mary are an interesting pair.
Tom still wants to do that.
You're a likable person.
Tom and Mary are John's grandparents.
Tom still hasn't kissed me.
You're a good presenter.
Tom and Mary are John's friends, too.
Tom still hasn't graduated.
You're a good guitarist.
Tom and I have a daughter named Mary.
Tom shouted that he was OK.
You're a good carpenter.
Tom and I couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom shouldn't do that here.
You're a fantastic cook.
Perhaps Tom went to Boston with Mary.
Tom shouldn't be in Boston.
You're a bright student.
I'm not going to Tom and Mary's wedding.
Tom should've left earlier.
You're a bad role model.
I shouldn't have told Tom about Mary.
Tom should've been with us.
You'll hurry, won't you?
I don't want Tom to see Mary anymore.
You were polite, I hope.
I don't think Tom is as rich as Mary.
Tom should've been excited.
You want one, don't you?
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my sister.
Tom should've been careful.
You swore you'd do that.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my cousin.
Tom should stop doing that.
You sure do whine a lot.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's uncle?
Tom should do that himself.
You sure do sweat a lot.
Did you know Tom was older than Mary?
Tom should be awake by now.
You sure do swear a lot.
Did you know Tom was Mary's grandson?
Tom seldom comes to Boston.
You sure do smoke a lot.
Ask Tom if he knows where Mary lives.
Tom seems to be very upset.
You sure do laugh a lot.
Tom wouldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom seems to be very tired.
You should leave Boston.
Tom wondered why Mary was so grumpy.
Tom seems to be very angry.
You should go to Boston.
Tom wondered what Mary wanted to do.
Tom seems to be busy today.
You seemed to be lonely.
Tom wondered what Mary needed to do.
Tom seemed to be very busy.
You really impressed us.
Tom won't like it if Mary does that.
Tom says that he does that.
You really impressed me.
Tom will do that with Mary tomorrow.
Tom says he's lost his key.
You never smile anymore.
Tom will be upset if Mary does that.
Tom says he should do that.
You never laugh anymore.
Tom went to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom says he never did that.
You need to relax a bit.
Tom wasn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom says he has to do that.
You look very concerned.
Tom wasn't sure Mary had to do that.
Tom says he had to do that.
You look pretty relaxed.
Tom was lucky Mary did that for him.
Tom says I need to do that.
You look like a teacher.
Tom was inspired to do that by Mary.
Tom says I have to do that.
You look extremely busy.
Tom was hoping to do that with Mary.
Tom said we need more jobs.
You look bored to death.
Tom warned Mary not to eat the food.
Tom said the party was fun.
You look a little upset.
Tom warned Mary not to be too noisy.
Tom said that he'd do that.
You look a bit confused.
Tom wanted Mary to do that for John.
Tom said that he was tired.
You have a great memory.
Tom usually speaks French with Mary.
Tom said it was time to go.
You hate spinach, right?
Tom told me that Mary had done that.
Tom said his team will win.
You drank from my glass.
Tom told me Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom said his job was tough.
You don't drive, do you?
Tom told Mary why he had to do that.
Tom said he's still afraid.
You don't drink, do you?
Tom told Mary why he didn't do that.
Tom said he's glad to help.
You do that really well.
Tom told Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom said he'd go to Boston.
You do that quite often.
Tom told Mary what needs to be done.
Tom said he wasn't nervous.
You didn't cry, did you?
Tom told Mary what he wanted to eat.
Tom said he wasn't at home.
You barely ate anything.
Tom told Mary what he wanted to buy.
Tom said he was interested.
You asked us to do that.
Tom told Mary what he needed to buy.
Tom said he was happy here.
Will you sell that, too?
Tom told Mary to do that, didn't he?
Tom said he should do that.
Will you read this book?
Tom told Mary to do that right away.
Tom said he never did that.
Will you do that or not?
Tom told Mary to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew the rules.
Why are you leaving Boston?
Tom told Mary that she was too slow.
Tom said he has to do that.
Why did that bother you?
Tom told Mary that she was mistaken.
Tom said I need to do that.
Why are you saying that?
Tom told Mary that she was forgiven.
Tom said I looked startled.
Tom told Mary that she should leave.
Tom said I have to do that.
Who's going to meet you?
Tom told Mary that he'd be punctual.
Tom reminded me to do that.
Who'll do that with you?
Tom told Mary that he was terrified.
Tom rarely comes to Boston.
Who told you that story?
Tom told Mary that he was surprised.
Tom promised he'll do that.
Who told you I did that?
Tom told Mary that he was skeptical.
Tom practices all the time.
Who should go to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he was irritated.
Tom plays golf really well.
Who has to go to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he was impressed.
Tom plays drums and guitar.
Who drank from my glass?
Tom told Mary that he was exhausted.
Tom painted the door green.
Who bought these grapes?
Tom told Mary that he was desperate.
Tom owned a parking garage.
Who bought that for you?
Tom told Mary that he was concerned.
Tom often plays by himself.
Who are these gifts for?
Tom told Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom often eats lunch alone.
Which umbrella is yours?
Tom told Mary he'd teach her French.
Tom often does that for us.
Where's your university?
Tom told Mary he wouldn't leave her.
Tom often buys food for us.
When will you eat lunch?
Tom told Mary John wouldn't do that.
Tom never seems to do that.
What do your parents do?
Tom told Mary John couldn't do that.
Tom never did that with us.
What are you hoping for?
Tom thought that Mary was a teacher.
Tom needs to be supportive.
Were you in Boston, too?
Tom thought that Mary had done that.
Tom needs to be handcuffed.
We've hired a new coach.
Tom thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom must've been irritated.
We're both very worried.
Tom thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom must've been incorrect.
We'd better not do that.
Tom thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom must've been impressed.
We were told to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom must've been exhausted.
We seldom get to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested.
Tom must've been depressed.
We opened all the doors.
Tom thinks Mary won't be interested.
Tom must've been concerned.
We need to buy dog food.
Tom thinks Mary will really do that.
Tom must not do that again.
We may do that tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary will be unimpressed.
Tom must be doing that now.
We managed to cut costs.
Tom thinks Mary will be sympathetic.
Tom may do that without me.
We have to do that soon.
Tom thinks Mary will be heartbroken.
Tom made a good impression.
Was yesterday a hot day?
Tom thinks Mary will be embarrassed.
Tom lost his job on Monday.
Was it you who did that?
Tom thinks Mary will be discouraged.
Tom looks better this week.
Tomorrow will be warmer.
Tom thinks Mary will be cooperative.
Tom lives right next to us.
Tomorrow will be cooler.
Tom thinks Mary might be interested.
Tom likes the way you sing.
Those are my sunglasses.
Tom thinks Mary isn't in Boston now.
Tom likes the way you cook.
This box is still empty.
Tom thinks Mary isn't going to do that.
Tom left the house at 6:30.
These windows are dirty.
Tom thinks Mary is ready to do that.
Tom knows why you did that.
These aren't my glasses.
Tom texted Mary saying he'd be late.
Tom knows how to play jazz.
There are children here.
Tom taught Mary how to build a fire.
Tom knew what we had to do.
The plan hasn't changed.
Tom showed Mary how to ride a horse.
Tom isn't good at baseball.
The cops are everywhere.
Tom showed Mary how to build a fire.
Tom isn't afraid of losing.
That didn't surprise me.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary what to buy.
Tom isn't a French teacher.
Some people can do that.
Tom should've asked Mary to do that.
Tom is working really hard.
Should I write a letter?
Tom should tell Mary not to do that.
Tom is working as a waiter.
Should I come to Boston?
Tom should tell Mary how to do that.
Tom is trying to stay busy.
Please don't be nervous.
Tom should show Mary how to do that.
Tom is too wise to do that.
Please do that tomorrow.
Tom seemed to know what Mary wanted.
Tom is too sick to do that.
Please do that sometime.
Tom seemed to know what Mary needed.
Tom is too poor to do that.
Please buy some bananas.
Tom says that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is too lazy to do that.
Our choices are limited.
Tom says he knows why Mary did that.
Tom is too busy to do that.
Of course, I'll do that.
Tom says he knows Mary will do that.
Tom is such a talented kid.
Now you know everything.
Nobody ever talks to me.
Tom says he hopes Mary will do that.
Tom is starting to do that.
Neither driver was hurt.
Tom says he expects Mary to do that.
Tom is probably doing that.
My textbooks cost a lot.
Tom says Mary won't want to do that.
Tom is prepared to do that.
My shift starts at 2:30.
Tom says Mary won't need to do that.
Tom is playing bass guitar.
My rights were violated.
Tom says Mary won't have to do that.
Tom is one of your cousins.
My plan wasn't any good.
Tom says Mary will retire this year.
Tom is never late for work.
My plan isn't very good.
Tom says Mary wants to do that, too.
Tom is living in Australia.
My parents threw me out.
Tom says Mary still does that a lot.
Tom is likely very wealthy.
My parents died in 2013.
Tom says Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom is likely to be unhurt.
My parents are teachers.
Tom says Mary hardly ever does that.
Tom is likely to be unfair.
My name was on the list.
Tom says Mary doesn't have a lawyer.
Tom is likely to be sleepy.
My mom thinks I'm smart.
Tom sat next Mary, holding her hand.
Tom is likely to be scared.
My left shoe is missing.
Tom sat at Mary's bedside for hours.
Tom is likely to be lonely.
My hair is growing back.
Tom said that's not what Mary wants.
Tom is likely to be grumpy.
My dog's name is Cookie.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom is likely to be boring.
My birthday's next week.
Tom said that Mary wasn't impressed.
Tom is likely to be biased.
Maybe I'll teach French.
Tom said that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is likely to be asleep.
Maybe I'll study French.
Tom said he's sure Mary can do that.
Tom is likely to be afraid.
Look at all those sheep.
Tom said he's never seen Mary's dog.
Tom is likely to be absent.
Look at all those birds.
Tom said he's never seen Mary dance.
Tom is learning to do that.
Let's not do that today.
Tom said he's glad Mary wasn't hurt.
Tom is just now doing that.
Let us buy that for you.
Tom said he won't help Mary anymore.
Tom is interested in music.
Let me do that with you.
Tom said he thought Mary was pretty.
Tom is in the waiting room.
Let me buy that for you.
Tom said he thought Mary was hungry.
Tom is in his mid thirties.
It's raining where I am.
Tom said he thought Mary was asleep.
Tom is in Boston this week.
It's not worth the time.
Tom said he thinks Mary can do that.
Tom is hoping that happens.
It's illegal to do that.
Tom said he spoke to Mary yesterday.
Tom is hesitant to do that.
It's hot here in Boston.
Tom said he learned a lot from Mary.
Tom is happy to have a job.
It's cold now in Boston.
Tom said he hopes Mary will do that.
Tom is feeding the pigeons.
It was too cold to swim.
Tom said he hoped Mary won the race.
Tom is expected to do that.
Is there any sugar left?
Tom said he expects Mary to do that.
Tom is better as a drummer.
Is it hot now in Boston?
Tom said he believed what Mary said.
Tom is apt to be forgetful.
Is it fun to do that?
Tom said he appreciated Mary's help.
Tom is an NFL running back.
Is it be OK not do that?
Tom said Mary's dog seemed friendly.
Tom is always enthusiastic.
I've only tried it once.
Tom said Mary would see me tomorrow.
Tom is almost always early.
Tom said Mary would likely complain.
Tom is able to do that now.
I've been robbed before.
Tom said Mary would be coming later.
Tom is a wealthy landowner.
I've been feeling tired.
Tom said Mary will fly to Australia.
Tom is a very talented kid.
I've also taught French.
Tom said Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom is a very good pitcher.
I'm too lazy to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom is a very gifted actor.
I'm too busy to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom is a very athletic guy.
I'm tired of doing that.
Tom said Mary was worried about you.
Tom is a senior at Harvard.
I'm thirty minutes late.
Tom said Mary was working in Boston.
Tom is a pediatric dentist.
I'm the project manager.
Tom said Mary was too young to vote.
Tom is a good banjo player.
I'm starting to go bald.
Tom said Mary was likely to be slow.
Tom is a financial adviser.
I'm not happy with that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be last.
Tom is a comic book artist.
I'm just now doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be home.
Tom is a chemical engineer.
I'm hesitant to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be done.
Tom inspired us to do that.
I'm an ambulance driver.
Tom said Mary was likely to be cold.
Tom inspired me to do that.
I'll need both of those.
Tom said Mary was home every Monday.
Tom hung his cap on a nail.
I'll do that once again.
Tom said Mary was happy he did that.
Tom hoped he could do that.
I'll do that my own way.
Tom said Mary was glad she did that.
Tom helped me buy this car.
I'll do that eventually.
Tom said Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom helped me a little bit.
I'll be doing that soon.
Tom said Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom heard the bomb explode.
I'll arrange to do that.
Tom said Mary should've walked away.
Tom hates living in Boston.
I'd never do that again.
Tom said Mary ought to do that, too.
Tom hates coming to Boston.
I'd like you to do that.
Tom said Mary is worried about John.
Tom hasn't talked about it.
I'd like a whiskey sour.
Tom said Mary is willing to do that.
Tom has told us to do that.
I'd be happy to do that.
Tom said Mary is through doing that.
Tom has told me to do that.
I wouldn't do that here.
Tom said Mary is probably still shy.
Tom has to start somewhere.
I won't need to do that.
Tom said Mary is fascinated by that.
Tom has to keep doing that.
I won't have to do that.
Tom said Mary has seen John do that.
Tom has three teenage sons.
I won't forget that day.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia.
Tom has three stepchildren.
I won't do that, either.
Tom said Mary has been feeling sick.
Tom has said he'll do that.
I won't do that for you.
Tom said Mary has been busy all day.
Tom has returned to Boston.
I won't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary hardly ever does that.
Tom has registered to vote.
I won't be fooled again.
Tom said Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom has probably done that.
I wish to be left alone.
Tom refused to tell Mary to do that.
Tom has pledged to do that.
I wasn't very surprised.
Tom promised he'd help Mary do that.
Tom has no clue what to do.
I wasn't very impressed.
Tom promised Mary that he'd do that.
Tom has lived in Australia.
I wasn't seriously hurt.
Tom probably knows where Mary works.
Tom has just now done that.
I wasn't having any fun.
Tom probably knows where Mary lives.
Tom has had heart problems.
I wasn't gone very long.
Tom likes the way Mary makes coffee.
Tom has found a girlfriend.
I wasn't given a chance.
Tom likes studying French with Mary.
Tom has earned many awards.
I wasn't born in Boston.
Tom left the island in Mary's canoe.
Tom has denied the charges.
I washed the vegetables.
Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
Tom has been told to leave.
I was somewhat confused.
Tom knows how Mary feels about that.
Tom has been here all week.
I was scared to do that.
Tom joined Mary's band as a drummer.
Tom has been a good mentor.
I was drunk at the time.
Tom is too shy to even talk to Mary.
Tom has been a good leader.
I was afraid to do that.
Tom is one of Mary's closest friend.
Tom has a teenage daughter.
I wanted to leave early.
Tom is always trying to please Mary.
Tom had trouble doing that.
I wanted to go with you.
Tom immediately asked Mary to leave.
Tom had to go home at 2:30.
I wanted to go shopping.
Tom hopes Mary knows what not to do.
Tom had that job for years.
I wanted to be a doctor.
Tom has told Mary what he can't eat.
Tom had no clue what to do.
I wanted to be a dancer.
Tom has told Mary he should do that.
Tom had a heart transplant.
I want to think it over.
Tom has told Mary he has to do that.
Tom got injured doing that.
I want to sell my house.
Tom has to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom got a standing ovation.
I want to go to Harvard.
Tom has to show Mary how to do that.
Tom finally found his keys.
I want to go for a walk.
Tom has finally broken up with Mary.
Tom failed the examination.
I want to give it a try.
Tom has agreed to help Mary do that.
Tom eventually quit trying.
I want to eat lunch now.
Tom has advised Mary not to do that.
Tom enjoys watching people.
I want to do that today.
Tom had no idea what Mary had to do.
Tom enjoys teaching French.
I want to compete again.
Tom got on the motorcycle with Mary.
Tom enjoys studying French.
I want to build a house.
Tom gave Mary everything she needed.
Tom enjoys being in Boston.
I want to be the winner.
Tom gave Mary a lift to the station.
Tom ended up getting fired.
I want to be a stuntman.
Tom found a nice apartment for Mary.
Tom earns about $a day.
I want to be a mechanic.
Tom expects Mary to do that for him.
Tom doesn't like me at all.
I want to be a diplomat.
Tom expected Mary to take the bribe.
Tom doesn't drink or smoke.
I want to be a designer.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary.
Tom doesn't do that at all.
I walked home yesterday.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is cute.
Tom doesn't always do that.
I used to never do that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is busy.
Tom does that very quickly.
I used to do that a lot.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be late.
Tom does that every Monday.
I thought you'd do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be last.
Tom does that all day long.
I think you'd love that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here.
Tom does seem awfully busy.
I take a walk every day.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be cold.
Tom does everything for me.
I shouldn't be out here.
Tom doesn't think Mary is in Boston.
Tom didn't wish to do that.
I should've surrendered.
Tom doesn't think Mary is depressed.
Tom didn't seem very tired.
I should've come sooner.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary walks.
Tom didn't seem very happy.
I should try to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary cooks.
Tom didn't seem too sleepy.
I should really do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was fired.
Tom didn't seem too hungry.
I should move to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is scared.
Tom didn't seem to be sick.
I should get some sleep.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is crying.
Tom didn't return our call.
I should do that myself.
Tom doesn't know why Mary does that.
Tom didn't make us do that.
I seldom come to Boston.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is from.
Tom didn't look very tired.
I scarcely ever do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is upset.
Tom didn't like doing that.
I sat close to the fire.
Tom doesn't know that Mary did that.
Tom didn't know about that.
I said that I'd do that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary does that.
Tom didn't do that, either.
I regretted my decision.
Tom doesn't care how Mary does that.
Tom didn't do that, did he?
I regret not doing that.
Tom didn't think that Mary was cute.
Tom didn't do that with us.
I regret leaving Boston.
Tom didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom did that until he died.
I rarely come to Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary would be late.
Tom did that the wrong way.
I ought to do that, too.
Tom didn't think Mary would be last.
Tom did that the right way.
I now regret doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here.
Tom did that earlier today.
I never used to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was surprised.
Tom did that all last week.
I needed some more time.
Tom didn't think Mary was in Boston.
Tom did do that, didn't he?
I need to sell my house.
Tom didn't think Mary was impressed.
Tom couldn't do that today.
I need to remember that.
Tom didn't think Mary was depressed.
Tom couldn't do that again.
I need to get some rest.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that.
Tom could've been confused.
I need to do that today.
Tom didn't tell Mary not to do that.
Tom could've been arrested.
I need to do that again.
Tom didn't tell Mary how to do that.
Tom could probably do that.
I need to clean my room.
Tom didn't like what Mary was doing.
Tom could make you do that.
I need one of you there.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so sad.
Tom could buy that for you.
I need a new calculator.
Tom didn't know where Mary was from.
Tom could be in Boston now.
I may do what I want to.
Tom didn't know where Mary was born.
Tom could be back tomorrow.
I may buy that painting.
Tom didn't know where Mary had gone.
Tom claimed he's done that.
I made the wrong choice.
Tom didn't know what Mary would say.
Tom can't stand doing that.
I made the right choice.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so fat.
Tom can't help you do that.
I love living in Boston.
Tom didn't believe a word Mary said.
Tom can't do that tomorrow.
I love coming to Boston.
Tom did what Mary said he should do.
Tom can't buy that for you.
I looked around quickly.
Tom did all he could to rescue Mary.
Tom can do that quite well.
I live near the library.
Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
Tom can do that on his own.
I liked teaching French.
Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Tom can do that by himself.
I like living in Boston.
Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom can definitely do that.
I like coming to Boston.
Tom could help Mary if he wanted to.
Tom came back after a year.
I know you aren't happy.
Tom can do that without Mary's help.
Tom bullied his classmates.
I know why you did that.
Tom borrowed a flashlight from Mary.
Tom bought a lot of things.
I know what I should do.
Tom begged Mary to help him do that.
Tom asked me if I did that.
I know the game is over.
Tom asked if Mary wanted to do that.
Tom asked if he could help.
I know that I'm correct.
Tom asked if Mary needed to do that.
Tom and I were very hungry.
I know that I'm adopted.
Tom asked Mary why she was so tired.
Tom and I were the winners.
I know that I can't win.
Tom asked Mary why she liked Boston.
Tom and I want to meet you.
I know it was a mistake.
Tom asked Mary what her opinion was.
Tom and I trust each other.
I know how you got rich.
Tom asked Mary to help John do that.
Tom and I talked for hours.
I know how you got hurt.
Tom asked Mary out and she said yes.
Tom and I talked all night.
I know how to play jazz.
Tom asked Mary not to do that again.
Tom and I sat side by side.
I know about it already.
Tom asked Mary if she had done that.
Tom and I sat on the bench.
I know a lot about dogs.
Tom asked Mary if she could do that.
Tom and I just got married.
I know a lot about cars.
Tom and Mary wished each other well.
Tom and I have grown apart.
I know I'm a bad dancer.
Tom and Mary will both study French.
Tom and I have a big house.
I know I should do that.
Tom and Mary were very good friends.
Tom and I had fun together.
I know I have a problem.
Tom and Mary both understand French.
Tom and I had a lot of fun.
I know Boston very well.
Tom and Mary both speak French well.
Tom and I had a huge fight.
I knew I had to do that.
Tom and Mary are here with me today.
Tom and I got into a fight.
I kept asking questions.
Tom and I'll go to Boston with Mary.
Tom and I do as we're told.
I keep a gun in my home.
Tom advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom and I aren't ready yet.
I just needed more time.
Tom advised Mary to see the dentist.
Tom and I are on the porch.
I just love their pizza.
Tom advised Mary to drink more milk.
Tom and I are now divorced.
I jumped out of the way.
Please tell Tom to leave Mary alone.
Tom and I are missionaries.
I intend to do that now.
I'm sure Tom will help Mary do that.
Tom and I are here to help.
I hoped I could do that.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary did that.
Tom always made us do that.
I hope you speak French.
I wanted both Tom and Mary to leave.
Tom always drives too fast.
I hope to do that today.
I thought Tom was smarter than Mary.
Tom always comes home late.
I helped fight the fire.
I think Tom could make Mary do that.
Tom, did you do that, too?
I haven't yet been paid.
I knew that Tom was older than Mary.
Tom's right leg is broken.
I haven't been paid yet.
I heard from Tom that Mary did that.
Tom would want to do that.
I have to do that today.
Didn't you know Tom was dating Mary?
Tom would love to do that.
I have plans to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's boss?
Tom would like to do that.
I hate living in Boston.
Didn't you know Mary was Tom's wife?
Tom would hate to do that.
I hate coming to Boston.
Did you know Tom was Mary's husband?
Tom works at a drug store.
I hate being left alone.
Did you know Tom was Mary's brother?
Tom wondered who did that.
I hate backseat drivers.
Tom's car is parked next to Mary's.
Tom won't likely be upset.
I had to work on Monday.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom won't likely be tired.
I had no reason to stay.
Tom wouldn't have let Mary do that.
Tom won't likely be ready.
I had a good time today.
Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that.
Tom won't likely be first.
I had a cold last month.
Tom wondered if Mary would do that.
Tom won't likely be early.
I forbid you to do that.
Tom wondered if Mary could do that.
Tom won't likely be drunk.
I felt I had to do that.
Tom was glad Mary did that for him.
Tom won't likely be bored.
I enjoyed the challenge.
Tom wanted to do that without Mary.
Tom won't likely be awake.
I enjoy visiting Boston.
Tom wanted Mary to stop doing that.
Tom won't likely be alone.
I enjoy teaching French.
Tom wanted Mary to do that for him.
Tom won't do that, either.
I enjoy studying French.
Tom tried not to get in Mary's way.
Tom won't do that himself.
I enjoy going to Boston.
Tom told Mary what she needs to do.
Tom won't do that for you.
I don't watch TV at all.
Tom told Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom won't be lonely there.
I don't want to be last.
Tom told Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom wishes he'd done that.
I don't want to get caught.
Tom told Mary what he wanted to do.
Tom will return on Monday.
I don't think I'm wrong.
Tom told Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom will probably be fine.
I don't think I'll lose.
Tom told Mary what he couldn't eat.
Tom will probably be fair.
I don't think I can win.
Tom told Mary that he'd be on time.
Tom will probably be busy.
I don't play basketball.
Tom told Mary that he was unafraid.
Tom will likely be sleepy.
I don't often buy bread.
Tom told Mary that he was ticklish.
Tom will likely be scared.
I don't need comforting.
Tom told Mary that he was prepared.
Tom will likely be lonely.
I don't need bodyguards.
Tom told Mary that he was innocent.
Tom will likely be hungry.
I don't make much money.
Tom told Mary that he was confused.
Tom will likely be afraid.
I don't like to be late.
Tom told Mary that John was absent.
Tom will buy that for you.
I don't like this color.
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.
Tom wasn't very surprised.
I don't like modern art.
Tom told Mary not to do that again.
I don't like loud music.
Tom told Mary not to be frightened.
Tom wasn't faster than me.
I don't like green peas.
Tom told Mary he'd never leave her.
Tom was scared to do that.
I don't like grapefruit.
Tom told Mary he wanted to do that.
Tom was really good to me.
I don't like being poor.
Tom told Mary he understood French.
Tom was hoping to do that.
I don't like any of you.
Tom thought he could cheer Mary up.
Tom was chosen to do that.
I don't know who to ask.
Tom thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom was always doing that.
I don't know the system.
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested.
Tom was afraid to do that.
I don't have many books.
Tom thought Mary understood French.
Tom wants to visit Boston.
I don't have brown hair.
Tom thought Mary probably did that.
Tom wants to teach French.
I don't have a name tag.
Tom thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom wants to study French.
I don't have a good job.
Tom thinks Mary would be impressed.
Tom wants to be in Boston.
I don't have a favorite.
Tom thinks Mary won't teach French.
Tom wants to be a surgeon.
I don't have a daughter.
Tom thinks Mary won't study French.
Tom wants to be a fireman.
I don't even own a suit.
Tom thinks Mary won't speak French.
Tom wanted to be prepared.
I don't drink and drive.
Tom thinks Mary won't be surprised.
Tom wanted that to happen.
I don't deny doing that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be impressed.
Tom walked out of the gym.
I don't care what we do.
Tom thinks Mary won't be back soon.
Tom usually speaks French.
I don't care what I eat.
Tom thinks Mary will be suspicious.
Tom used to raise rabbits.
I didn't want any pizza.
Tom thinks Mary will be reasonable.
Tom used to never do that.
I didn't tell the truth.
Tom thinks Mary will be interested.
Tom used to do that a lot.
I didn't talk to anyone.
Tom thinks Mary will be frightened.
Tom took a taxi back home.
I didn't really do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that.
Tom told us he could help.
I didn't lose my temper.
Tom thinks Mary will be displeased.
Tom told me to stay quiet.
I didn't know the rules.
Tom thinks Mary is studying French.
Tom told me that he's shy.
I didn't have any proof.
Tom thinks Mary can't speak French.
Tom told me that I'm slow.
I didn't go to the bank.
Tom smiled when Mary winked at him.
Tom told me that I'm safe.
I didn't go straight in.
Tom should tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom told me that I'm last.
I didn't go into detail.
Tom should ask Mary how to do that.
Tom threatened to do that.
I didn't get very tired.
Tom says he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom thinks he can do that.
I didn't get on the bus.
Tom says he saw Mary leaving early.
Tom studies at our school.
I didn't exactly say no.
Tom says he knows Mary can do that.
Tom still laughs about it.
I didn't do that myself.
Tom says Mary will do that for him.
Tom still isn't convinced.
I didn't close the door.
Tom says Mary seldom speaks French.
Tom still hasn't woken up.
I didn't change my mind.
Tom says Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom still has a lot to do.
I didn't catch the ball.
Tom says Mary frequently does that.
Tom still doesn't do that.
I didn't break anything.
Tom says Mary didn't have a lawyer.
Tom still does that a lot.
I did that once already.
Tom stayed home yesterday.
Tom said that he really liked Mary.
Tom started to feel dizzy.
I considered doing that.
Tom said that Mary was ready to go.
Tom sold all his property.
I can't play the guitar.
Tom said that Mary really liked me.
Tom slept for three hours.
I can't paint very well.
Tom said that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom skips class too often.
I can't drive a car yet.
Tom said he's seen Mary doing that.
Tom sipped the hot coffee.
I can't do that, either.
Tom said he's never seen Mary swim.
Tom should've been asleep.
I can't do that for you.
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom should try to do that.
I can't dance very well.
Tom said he would do that for Mary.
Tom should stay in Boston.
I can understand French.
Tom said he would always love Mary.
Tom should come to Boston.
I can do that by myself.
Tom said he was worried about Mary.
Tom should clean his room.
I broke both of my legs.
Tom said he wanted Mary to do that.
Tom should be able to win.
I broke both of my arms.
Tom said he tried to cheer Mary up.
Tom should be a detective.
I bought bread and milk.
Tom said he thought Mary was upset.
Tom seldom goes to Boston.
I believe I can do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was happy.
Tom seldom gets irritated.
I assumed you'd do that.
Tom said he never saw Mary do that.
Tom seemed to have a cold.
I already know about it.
Tom said he knew why Mary did that.
Tom seemed awfully sleepy.
I agreed not to do that.
Tom said he has confidence in Mary.
Tom seemed awfully hungry.
I advise you to do that.
Tom said he had confidence in Mary.
Tom says that he did that.
I acted in self-defense.
Tom said Mary would likely do that.
Tom says he'll be careful.
Have you seen my father?
Tom said Mary wasn't in Boston now.
Tom says he won't help us.
Everything is delicious.
Tom said Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom says he isn't worried.
Don't you still do that?
Tom said Mary was told not to do that.
Tom says I should do that.
Don't you like to dance?
Tom said Mary was living in Boston.
Tom said, "Let's do that."
Don't go anywhere alone.
Tom said Mary was likely to be shy.
Tom said, "Don't do that."
Don't forget to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be out.
Tom said we could do that.
Don't eat anything else.
Tom said Mary was likely to be mad.
Tom said things went well.
Doing that's a bad idea.
Tom said Mary was happy to do that.
Tom said that he did that.
Doing that would be fun.
Tom said Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he's very hungry.
Doing that made me sick.
Tom said Mary was glad he did that.
Tom said he's unimpressed.
Doing that isn't enough.
Tom said Mary was enjoying herself.
Tom said he's unconvinced.
Doing that is important.
Tom said Mary was asked to do that.
Tom said he's sympathetic.
Doing that is dangerous.
Tom said Mary studies French a lot.
Tom said he's ready to go.
Do you like being alone?
Tom said Mary isn't doing that now.
Tom said he's pessimistic.
Do you have my passport?
Tom said Mary is probably still up.
Tom said he's heartbroken.
Do you have any oranges?
Tom said Mary is home every Monday.
Tom said he's embarrassed.
Do you have a green car?
Tom said Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom said he's discouraged.
Do I have to wear a tie?
Tom said Mary hasn't been forgiven.
Tom said he won't do that.
Did you stay home alone?
Tom said Mary has to do that today.
Tom said he wasn't thirty.
Did you break any rules?
Tom said Mary has done that before.
Tom said he was in Boston.
Did anyone take my book?
Tom said Mary has been here before.
Tom said he was at school.
Can you buy that for us?
Tom said Mary had to do that today.
Tom said he felt offended.
Be sure you do that, OK?
Tom said Mary frequently does that.
Tom said he could help us.
"Who did that?" "I did."
Tom said Mary didn't have a lawyer.
Tom said he believed that.
Your plan is excellent.
Tom promised he'd do that for Mary.
Tom said I should do that.
Your house is very big.
Tom often eats more than Mary does.
Tom said I looked worried.
Your face is sunburned.
Tom never expected Mary to do that.
Your clothes are dirty.
Tom lost his patience and hit Mary.
Tom really has to do that.
You've done that a lot.
Tom lifted Mary onto his shoulders.
Tom really had to do that.
You're paid to do that.
Tom knows what Mary is looking for.
Tom rarely ever does that.
You're a very bad cook.
Tom knows that Mary should do that.
Tom plans to visit Boston.
You're a stubborn girl.
Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
Tom plans to teach French.
You're a real good man.
Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
Tom plans to study French.
You're a grown man now.
Tom knew Mary was going to do that.
Tom plans to go to Boston.
You're a good teammate.
Tom isn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom ought to visit Boston.
You're a good salesman.
Tom isn't sure Mary has to do that.
Tom ought to go to Boston.
You're a good employee.
Tom is willing to do that for Mary.
Tom often made us do that.
You're a control freak.
Tom is trying to help Mary do that.
Tom often comes home late.
You're a bit of a snob.
Tom is the only person Mary trusts.
Tom never found the money.
You're a big, fat slob.
Tom is going to Boston to see Mary.
Tom never did that before.
You'll have to do that.
Tom is John and Mary's third child.
Tom needs to study French.
Tom has worked for Mary since 2013.
Tom needs to go to Boston.
You seemed to be tired.
Tom has told Mary she has to leave.
Tom needs to get out more.
You seem to be nervous.
Tom has brought something for Mary.
Tom needs to do that next.
You look very relieved.
Tom has been ignoring Mary all day.
Tom needs help doing that.
You look very confused.
Tom has an older sister named Mary.
Tom must've been grateful.
You look totally bored.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
Tom may go to Boston soon.
You look pretty sleepy.
Tom explained his position to Mary.
Tom may do that right now.
You look like a cowboy.
Tom expects to hear from Mary soon.
Tom loved watching sports.
You look like a banker.
Tom encouraged Mary to write songs.
Tom lost his favorite cap.
You look kind of tired.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary did that.
Tom lives in another city.
You look kind of bored.
Tom doesn't think Mary is innocent.
Tom likes to speak French.
You look happier today.
Tom doesn't think Mary is confused.
Tom likes to go to Boston.
You look half your age.
Tom doesn't think Mary is careless.
Tom just does what he can.
You look a bit nervous.
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that.
Tom isn't too old to work.
You can sit over there.
Tom doesn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom isn't going to resign.
Will you swim tomorrow?
Tom doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom is your friend, right?
Why do we need museums?
Tom doesn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom is very grouchy today.
Why are you crying now?
Tom doesn't care why Mary did that.
Tom is too fat to do that.
Whose suitcase is this?
Tom doesn't care if Mary does that.
Tom is through doing that.
Whose notebook is this?
Tom is the one doing that.
Whose gloves are these?
Tom didn't think Mary was innocent.
Tom is sweeping the porch.
Who's that letter from?
Tom didn't think Mary was confused.
Tom is stranded somewhere.
Who's in the classroom?
Tom didn't think Mary was careless.
Tom is still quite limber.
Who'll buy that for us?
Tom didn't think Mary spoke French.
Tom is still not finished.
Who drank all the milk?
Tom didn't tell Mary he was sleepy.
Tom is slow at doing that.
Who does that with you?
Tom didn't tell Mary he was hungry.
Tom is sketching an apple.
Who did that yesterday?
Tom didn't know why Mary was upset.
Tom is sitting on his bed.
Who ate all the grapes?
Tom didn't know why Mary was tired.
Tom is really heartbroken.
Which one will you buy?
Tom didn't know what Mary would do.
Tom is probably not tired.
Which bicycle is yours?
Tom didn't know Mary would do that.
Tom is obliged to do that.
Where should we go now?
Tom didn't know Mary had done that.
Tom is looking for a wife.
Where should I do that?
Tom didn't ask Mary not to do that.
Tom is likely to be upset.
Where did you buy this?
Tom did what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom is likely to be tired.
What did that sign say?
Tom decided to cooperate with Mary.
Tom is likely to be tipsy.
We won't do that today.
Tom could convince Mary to do that.
Tom is likely to be right.
We won't do that again.
Tom convinced Mary to study French.
Tom is likely to be ready.
We should go to Boston.
Tom collaborated with Mary on that.
Tom is likely to be pushy.
We seldom go to Boston.
Tom believes that Mary can do that.
Tom is likely to be first.
We seldom do that here.
Tom begged Mary to stop doing that.
Tom is likely to be early.
We have nothing to eat.
Tom asked Mary why she was so busy.
Tom is likely to be drunk.
We didn't visit Boston.
Tom asked Mary to open the windows.
Tom is likely to be broke.
We both work in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom is likely to be bored.
We both live in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to do that for John.
Tom is likely to be awake.
We all want to do that.
Tom asked Mary if he could go home.
Tom is likely to be alone.
Was it humid yesterday?
Tom asked Mary if he could do that.
Tom is kind of busy today.
Was it foggy yesterday?
Tom and Mary threw snowballs at me.
Tom is itching to do that.
Those are my magazines.
Tom and Mary don't usually do that.
Tom is in the county jail.
This is vegetable soup.
Tom and Mary don't fight that much.
Tom is helping me do that.
They want to buy books.
Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom is getting into shape.
They didn't have roses.
Tom and Mary are still not married.
Tom is fast at doing that.
They did that together.
Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom is fascinated by that.
These pens aren't mine.
Tom actually asked Mary to do that.
Tom is counting his money.
These glasses are mine.
Neither Tom nor Mary could do that.
Tom is better than before.
The air is dry in here.
Maybe Tom went to Boston with Mary.
Tom is apt to lose things.
That's not worth doing.
Mary and Alice are Tom's daughters.
Tom is anxious to do that.
That's a safety hazard.
I think Tom could do that for Mary.
Tom is always sympathetic.
That plan was horrible.
I think Tom can help Mary tomorrow.
Tom is almost always here.
That isn't quite right.
I know Tom won't help Mary do that.
Tom is almost always busy.
Should we go to Boston?
I doubt Tom would do that for Mary.
Tom is afraid of everyone.
Please stop doing that.
I didn't want Tom to speak to Mary.
Tom is a very good skater.
Please help me do that.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my wife.
Tom is a very good lawyer.
Please get that for me.
I didn't see Tom talking with Mary.
Tom is a talented drummer.
No teachers were there.
I didn't know Tom had to help Mary.
Tom is a singer and an actor.
My suitcase is missing.
How many flowers did Tom give Mary?
Tom is a retired engineer.
My strategy is working.
Does Tom plan to do that with Mary?
Tom is a little bit crazy.
My room is quite small.
Didn't you know Tom was Mary's son?
Tom is a good bass player.
My room is a real mess.
Did you know Tom was Mary's father?
Tom is a family therapist.
My right leg is broken.
Did you know Tom was Mary's cousin?
Tom hopes to do that soon.
My rifle wasn't loaded.
Did you know Mary was Tom's sister?
Tom hoped to visit Boston.
My options are limited.
Why is Tom afraid to talk to Mary?
Tom hoped to go to Boston.
My last day was Monday.
Tom's first stop was Mary's house.
Tom hates teaching French.
My house is over there.
Tom wouldn't speak French to Mary.
Tom hates studying French.
My house has blue roof.
Tom wouldn't do that without Mary.
Tom hates speaking French.
My father was a pastor.
Tom wondered what Mary had to buy.
Tom hates going to Boston.
My father is in prison.
Tom will give Mary what she wants.
Tom hasn't had supper yet.
My father died in 2013.
Tom will give Mary what she needs.
Tom hasn't done that much.
My family is in Boston.
Tom will ask Mary to do that at once.
Tom hasn't complained yet.
My computer died on me.
Tom was hoping Mary would do that.
Tom has to stay in Boston.
My choices are limited.
Tom was good, but Mary was better.
Tom has to come to Boston.
My children are asleep.
Tom warned Mary not to trust John.
Tom has some rich friends.
My bad eye is this one.
Tom wanted to eat lunch with Mary.
Tom has rejoined the team.
Monday was a windy day.
Tom told me Mary was his fiance.
Tom has never been kissed.
Monday was a rainy day.
Tom told Mary which dress to wear.
Tom has lied to me before.
Men sometimes cry, too.
Tom told Mary what she should buy.
Tom has finally done that.
May I do that tomorrow?
Tom told Mary what she has to buy.
Tom has edited many books.
Mary was a cheerleader.
Tom told Mary what she had to buy.
Tom has done a lot for us.
Mary is my only sister.
Tom told Mary what he wants to do.
Tom has denied doing that.
Let's not visit Boston.
Tom told Mary what he needs to do.
Tom has called the police.
Let's not go to Boston.
Tom told Mary what has to be done.
Tom has been very devious.
Let's buy a watermelon.
Tom told Mary what had to be done.
Tom has been here all day.
Just do that right now.
Tom told Mary that three days ago.
Tom has a fear of heights.
It's hot now in Boston.
Tom told Mary that they were lost.
Tom hardly ever gets sick.
It's boring to do that.
Tom told Mary that she must leave.
Tom handed me an envelope.
It's an excellent idea.
Tom told Mary that he was unlucky.
Tom had to stay in Boston.
It's OK if you do that.
Tom told Mary that he was starved.
Tom had a pen in his hand.
Is the laundry dry yet?
Tom told Mary that he was retired.
Tom had a gun in his hand.
I've got your passport.
Tom told Mary that he was puzzled.
Tom got injured in Boston.
I've been feeling sick.
Tom told Mary that he was pleased.
Tom gave up on doing that.
I'm trying to be quiet.
Tom told Mary that he was nervous.
Tom gave me what I wanted.
I'm too young to drink.
Tom told Mary that he was jealous.
Tom enjoys being the boss.
I'm too young for that.
Tom told Mary that he was furious.
Tom doesn't teach anymore.
I'm too tired to study.
Tom told Mary that he was excited.
Tom doesn't still do that.
I'm too shy to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was curious.
Tom doesn't smile anymore.
I'm too old to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was annoyed.
Tom doesn't expect to win.
I'm too drunk to drive.
Tom told Mary that John was awake.
Tom does that, doesn't he?
I'm through doing that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do that.
Tom does that the fastest.
I'm still not finished.
Tom told Mary he couldn't do that.
Tom does that once a year.
I'm sick of doing that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom does that once a week.
I'm ready for the test.
Tom thought Mary would be worried.
Tom does that fairly well.
I'm obliged to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom does that differently.
I'm not afraid of mice.
Tom thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom died suddenly in 2013.
I'm going to buy bread.
Tom thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom didn't stay in Boston.
I'm going to buy a car.
Tom thought Mary would be careful.
Tom didn't seem too upset.
I'm glad that happened.
Tom thought Mary would be at home.
Tom didn't seem too tired.
I'm fond of doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't surprised.
Tom didn't seem concerned.
I'm feeling better now.
Tom thought Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom didn't let me give up.
Tom thought Mary wasn't impressed.
Tom didn't do that either.
I'll study French, too.
Tom thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom didn't do it that way.
I'll see you at school.
Tom thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom didn't come yesterday.
I'll see them tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary won't be punctual.
Tom did that the hard way.
I'll need both of them.
Tom thinks Mary will study French.
Tom did that the easy way.
I'll be in Boston soon.
Tom thinks Mary will be surprised.
Tom did that successfully.
I'd never do that here.
Tom thinks Mary will be impressed.
Tom did that just for fun.
I'd like three oranges.
Tom thinks Mary will be here soon.
Tom did that all day long.
I'd like a smaller one.
Tom thinks Mary will be back soon.
Tom could buy that for us.
I'd do that if I could.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom could be found guilty.
I'd be glad to do that.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom comes to Boston a lot.
I work in Boston a lot.
Tom thinks Mary is retired by now.
Tom claims he's done that.
I won't work in Boston.
Tom still hopes Mary will do that.
Tom claims he can do that.
I won't try to do that.
Tom shouted to Mary to be careful.
Tom chose to go to Boston.
I won't do that either.
Tom shouldn't ask Mary to do that.
Tom changed jobs recently.
I wish to study French.
Tom should've done that with Mary.
Tom can't do that, either.
I wish I had done that.
Tom seems to know what Mary wants.
Tom can't do that, can he?
I went back to the bar.
Tom seems to know what Mary needs.
Tom can't do that himself.
I wasn't ready to talk.
Tom says it was Mary who did that.
Tom can't do that for you.
I wasn't offered a job.
Tom says he knows Mary can't swim.
Tom can do that, can't he?
I wasn't badly injured.
Tom says Mary should study French.
Tom can do that very well.
I was too busy to help.
Tom says Mary often speaks French.
Tom can do that right now.
I was told not do that.
Tom says Mary has to study French.
Tom came with his parents.
I was three hours late.
Tom saw Mary doing that yesterday.
Tom baked bread yesterday.
I was ready to do that.
Tom said that's not what Mary did.
Tom asked me to wait here.
I wanted to take a nap.
Tom said that Mary wasn't thirsty.
Tom and I've just arrived.
I wanted to go sailing.
Tom said that Mary was very tired.
Tom and I've become close.
I wanted to go fishing.
Tom said that Mary was quite busy.
Tom and I'll visit Boston.
I want to teach French.
Tom said that Mary studied French.
Tom and I'll go to Boston.
I want to stick around.
Tom said that Mary should do that.
Tom and I worked together.
I want to look younger.
Tom said that Mary didn't do that.
Tom and I weren't invited.
I want to eat with you.
Tom said it was Mary who did that.
Tom and I weren't injured.
I want to do that, too.
Tom said he'd ask Mary to do that.
Tom and I were volunteers.
I want to be respected.
Tom said he thought Mary was busy.
Tom and I were very tired.
I want to be in Boston.
Tom said he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom and I were there, too.
I want to be different.
Tom said he knows Mary's children.
Tom and I were here first.
I want to be a fireman.
Tom said he heard Mary doing that.
Tom and I were frightened.
I want to be a dentist.
Tom said he enjoyed Mary's speech.
Tom and I were classmates.
I used to teach French.
Tom said he asked Mary to do that.
Tom and I were also there.
I used to study French.
Tom said Mary would do that later.
Tom and I watched a movie.
I try to be optimistic.
Tom said Mary would be here later.
Tom and I want to see you.
I try to be innovative.
Tom said Mary was told to do that.
Tom and I want to go home.
I think it can be done.
Tom said Mary was likely to be up.
Tom and I switched places.
I think Mary is pretty.
Tom said Mary was likely to be OK.
Tom and I stopped kissing.
I think I'll go by bus.
Tom said Mary was in the hospital.
Tom and I stopped hugging.
I think I hear a siren.
Tom said Mary was feeling nervous.
Tom and I started walking.
I studied French today.
Tom said Mary was able to do that.
Tom and I started talking.
I still work in Boston.
Tom said Mary wanted to help John.
Tom and I started kissing.
I sold my car for $300.
Tom said Mary told him to do that.
Tom and I started arguing.
I should've been first.
Tom said Mary should've done that.
Tom and I shared the cost.
I should go to the gym.
Tom said Mary should do that, too.
Tom and I sat down to eat.
I should do that today.
Tom said Mary seemed to be hungry.
Tom and I played checkers.
I should be there soon.
Tom said Mary seemed to be afraid.
Tom and I paid separately.
I saw a bear yesterday.
Tom said Mary needs to be careful.
Tom and I never got along.
I said I could do that.
Tom said Mary looked really tired.
Tom and I need each other.
I promised I'd do that.
Tom said Mary just needs to relax.
Tom and I like each other.
I played all afternoon.
Tom said Mary isn't in Boston now.
Tom and I have three sons.
I plan to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary is ready to do that.
Tom and I have three cats.
I paid $in advance.
Tom said Mary is going to do that.
Tom and I have a daughter.
I often work in Boston.
Tom said Mary in bed with the flu.
Tom and I hate each other.
I often come to Boston.
Tom said Mary has never done that.
I noticed a difference.
Tom said Mary had to study French.
Tom and I had an argument.
I needed to take a nap.
Tom said Mary had to do that soon.
Tom and I had a big fight.
I need to wash my face.
Tom said Mary didn't study French.
Tom and I exchanged looks.
I need to wash clothes.
Tom said Mary didn't speak French.
Tom and I don't want that.
I need to see a doctor.
Tom promised to help Mary do that.
Tom and I don't have much.
I need to mow the lawn.
Tom persuaded Mary not to do that.
Tom and I don't have kids.
I need to do that soon.
Tom ought to tell Mary to do that.
Tom and I danced together.
I need to do that next.
Tom needs to tell Mary what to do.
Tom and I carpool to work.
I might come to Boston.
Tom needs to talk to Mary himself.
Tom and I came separately.
I may do that tomorrow.
Tom loved Mary with all his heart.
Tom and I built a snowman.
I made a shopping list.
Tom last saw Mary three years ago.
Tom and I belong together.
I love teaching French.
Tom knows why Mary studied French.
Tom and I arrived at 2:30.
I love speaking French.
Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
Tom and I aren't busy now.
I love going to Boston.
Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom and I are watching TV.
I looked under the car.
Tom knew exactly what Mary wanted.
Tom and I are very hungry.
I looked under the bed.
Tom is very sure Mary can do that.
Tom and I are vegetarians.
I looked under my seat.
Tom is sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom and I are still bored.
I looked down the hall.
Tom is sure Mary can speak French.
Tom and I are now engaged.
I looked at the poster.
Tom is still trying to avoid Mary.
Tom and I are almost done.
I looked at the agenda.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that.
Tom almost froze to death.
I looked at my notepad.
Tom hoped that Mary would do that.
Tom almost didn't do that.
I like teaching French.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't be lonely.
Tom agreed not to do that.
I like going to Boston.
Tom helped Mary decide what to do.
Tom admitted he does that.
I like being in Boston.
Tom helped Mary clean the kitchen.
Tom admits he's done that.
I know what's expected.
Tom heard Mary flirting with John.
Tom's first car was blue.
I know what went wrong.
Tom has told Mary he has to leave.
Tom's face was sunburned.
I know what this means.
Tom has persuaded Mary to do that.
Tom's a very nice person.
I know what that's for.
Tom has bought something for Mary.
Tom yelled at his mother.
I know this isn't good.
Tom has been teaching Mary French.
Tom wore a tie yesterday.
I know that won't work.
Tom has asked Mary not to do that.
Tom won't likely be slow.
I know that I'm stingy.
Tom had no idea how Mary did that.
Tom won't likely be home.
I know that I'm biased.
Tom had a picture taken with Mary.
Tom won't likely be cold.
I know that I did that.
Tom gave Mary everything he owned.
Tom won't do that either.
I know it's time to go.
Tom doesn't think Mary is worried.
Tom won't be sympathetic.
I know how you got wet.
Tom doesn't think Mary is nervous.
Tom won't be cooperative.
I know how to have fun.
Tom doesn't think Mary is jealous.
Tom will likely be upset.
I know how to act cool.
Tom doesn't think Mary is at home.
Tom will likely be tired.
I know a lot of people.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is here.
Tom will likely be right.
I know I've helped you.
Tom doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom will likely be ready.
I knew that you'd come.
Tom doesn't know how sick Mary is.
Tom will likely be early.
I knew I could do that.
Tom doesn't know how rich Mary is.
Tom will likely be alone.
I keep a gun in my car.
Tom doesn't believe Mary did that.
Tom will do that as well.
I hope to do that soon.
Tom does that just like Mary does.
Tom will definitely come.
I helped out with that.
Tom didn't think Mary wasn't safe.
Tom will be absent today.
I hate teaching French.
Tom didn't think Mary was worried.
Tom wasn't very truthful.
I hate studying French.
Tom didn't think Mary was nervous.
Tom wasn't very prepared.
I hate speaking French.
Tom didn't think Mary was jealous.
Tom wasn't offered a job.
I hate going to school.
Tom didn't think Mary was at home.
Tom wasn't a good singer.
I hate going to Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary was annoyed.
Tom wasn't a good player.
I had to go home early.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was tired.
Tom was wrong to do that.
I got tired doing that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was sorry.
Tom was three hours late.
I got dizzy doing that.
Tom didn't remind Mary to do that.
Tom was there, wasn't he?
I felt like doing that.
Tom didn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom was the other robber.
I felt a little sleepy.
Tom didn't know why Mary was busy.
Tom was tall for his age.
I felt a little hungry.
Tom didn't know how Mary did that.
Tom was ready to do that.
I feel like doing that.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French.
Tom was never happy here.
I feel a little hungry.
Tom didn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom was good at baseball.
I don't work in Boston.
Tom did that just to impress Mary.
Tom was going to do that.
I don't win very often.
Tom denied that he told Mary that.
Tom was eager to do that.
I don't want any pizza.
Tom couldn't do that without Mary.
Tom was crazy to do that.
I don't swim very well.
Tom convinced Mary not to do that.
Tom was asked to do that.
I don't smoke or drink.
Tom blamed Mary for what happened.
Tom wants to be prepared.
I don't mind the smell.
Tom asked Mary why she liked John.
Tom wants that to happen.
I don't like punk rock.
Tom asked Mary where she was born.
Tom used to teach French.
I don't know those men.
Tom asked Mary where she had gone.
Tom used to hate spinach.
Tom asked Mary to stop doing that.
Tom tried to make a deal.
I don't have any proof.
Tom asked Mary to help us do that.
Tom tried not to be late.
I don't have a partner.
Tom and Mary were in the audience.
Tom tells a lot of jokes.
I don't have a job now.
Tom and Mary tied for third place.
Tom sure does that a lot.
I don't have a car yet.
Tom and Mary are still doing that.
Tom suggested we do that.
I don't drink red wine.
Tom and I are Mary's grandparents.
Tom still wanted to play.
I don't cook very well.
Tom and I are Mary's friends, too.
Tom still teaches French.
I don't care what I do.
Tom agreed to ask Mary to do that.
Tom still studies French.
I don't always do that.
Tom admitted that he had hit Mary.
Tom still isn't here yet.
I do that twice a week.
Tom accompanied Mary on the piano.
Tom sounds like an idiot.
I didn't win the prize.
Neither Tom nor Mary is ready yet.
Tom should've been upset.
I didn't wash my hands.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't at home.
Tom should've been ready.
I didn't want to leave.
I thought Tom needed to help Mary.
Tom should've been happy.
I didn't want to drive.
I thought Tom could cheer Mary up.
Tom should've been first.
I didn't want to dance.
I think Tom will do that for Mary.
Tom should be downstairs.
I didn't want any help.
I think Tom can help Mary do that.
Tom seldom speaks French.
I didn't want any cake.
I know Tom will help Mary do that.
Tom seems to have a cold.
I didn't try to resist.
I don't want Tom to speak to Mary.
Tom seems awfully sleepy.
I didn't try to escape.
I didn't want Tom to talk to Mary.
Tom seemed to be worried.
I didn't tell everyone.
I didn't know Tom was dating Mary.
Tom seemed to be unhappy.
I didn't talk about it.
Did you know Tom was Mary's uncle?
Tom seemed to be relaxed.
I didn't stay for long.
Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
Tom seemed awfully tired.
I didn't raise my hand.
Tom wondered what Mary had to do.
Tom seemed awfully needy.
I didn't pass the test.
Tom won't permit Mary to do that.
Tom says he swims well.
I didn't open the door.
Tom won't do that, but Mary will.
Tom says he's interested.
I didn't open the beer.
Tom went to tell Mary to do that.
Tom says he cooks well.
I didn't move a muscle.
Tom told me Mary was his ex-wife.
Tom says he lost his key.
I didn't make the team.
Tom told Mary you went to Boston.
Tom saw how you did that.
I didn't lock the door.
Tom told Mary what she has to do.
Tom said he's very tired.
I didn't have a weapon.
Tom told Mary what he has to buy.
Tom said he's very happy.
I didn't have a ticket.
Tom told Mary what he had to buy.
Tom said he's unemployed.
I didn't have a pencil.
Tom told Mary to stop doing that.
Tom said he's suspicious.
I didn't have a lawyer.
Tom told Mary to quit doing that.
Tom said he's supportive.
I didn't go to Harvard.
Tom told Mary to do that at once.
Tom said he's optimistic.
I didn't get to choose.
Tom told Mary that she was early.
Tom said he's interested.
I didn't feel any pain.
Tom told Mary that he was sleepy.
Tom said he's frustrated.
I didn't expect to win.
Tom told Mary that he was scared.
Tom said he's frightened.
I didn't eat very much.
Tom told Mary that he was lonely.
Tom said he's displeased.
I didn't do the dishes.
Tom told Mary that he was afraid.
Tom said he wasn't upset.
I didn't call the cops.
Tom told Mary that he had a cold.
Tom said he wasn't bored.
I didn't bring my keys.
Tom told Mary that he felt tired.
Tom said he was mistaken.
I didn't break the law.
Tom told Mary she should do that.
Tom said he was confused.
I didn't ask for money.
Tom told Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom said he isn't thirty.
I didn't agree to help.
Tom told Mary he'd never do that.
Tom said he had no vices.
I did that voluntarily.
Tom told Mary he didn't like her.
Tom said I looked lonely.
I did that three times.
Tom told Mary John couldn't swim.
Tom said I looked guilty.
I did that the old way.
Tom told Mary John could do that.
Tom reluctantly did that.
I decided not to leave.
Tom told Mary I couldn't do that.
Tom really did that well.
I come to Boston a lot.
Tom thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom reacted very quickly.
I can't swim very well.
Tom thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom quit studying French.
I can't play the piano.
Tom thought Mary would be scared.
Tom put honey in his tea.
I can't cook very well.
Tom thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom outlived three wives.
I can stay if you want.
Tom thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom ought not to do that.
I can do that tomorrow.
Tom thought Mary would be absent.
Tom only listens to jazz.
I can buy that for you.
Tom thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom never went to Boston.
I came here to do that.
Tom thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom never let me give up.
I also have to do that.
Tom thought Mary was discouraged.
Tom needs to be prepared.
How often are you sick?
Tom thought Mary was cooperative.
Tom needs to be arrested.
How often are you here?
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom must've been jealous.
Don't you teach French?
Tom thinks Mary would be jealous.
Tom must've been furious.
Don't speak French, OK?
Tom thinks Mary won't be worried.
Tom must've been excited.
Don't say anything now.
Tom thinks Mary won't be nervous.
Tom must've been curious.
Don't play in the road.
Tom thinks Mary won't be jealous.
Tom might be unimpressed.
Don't open the windows.
Tom thinks Mary will be stubborn.
Tom may do what he wants.
Don't leave Boston yet.
Tom thinks Mary will be punctual.
Tom may buy that for you.
Don't do that that way.
Tom thinks Mary will be confused.
Tom lives in a log cabin.
Don't close the window.
Tom thinks Mary will be careless.
Tom likes to write poems.
Does it ever snow here?
Tom thinks Mary knows what to do.
Tom likely won't do that.
Do you translate songs?
Tom thinks Mary isn't having fun.
Tom left town last night.
Do you think it's safe?
Tom sometimes eats out with Mary.
Tom knows not to do that.
Do you need to do that?
Tom showed Mary a way to do that.
Tom knows all about that.
Do you need more space?
Tom should tell Mary what to buy.
Tom jumped off the train.
Do you like to do that?
Tom should tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom isn't such a bad guy.
Do you ever wear a hat?
Tom seemed to know what Mary did.
Tom isn't faster than me.
Do both of you do that?
Tom says that Mary won't do that.
Tom isn't afraid anymore.
Did you fix everything?
Tom says that Mary speaks French.
Tom isn't a great player.
Can you come to Boston?
Tom says he thinks Mary did that.
Tom is working in Boston.
Can I do that with you?
Tom says he saw Mary in the park.
Tom is third on the list.
Can I do that tomorrow?
Tom says he hopes Mary does that.
Tom is still a policeman.
Can I buy that for you?
Tom says Mary will never do that.
Tom is still a bartender.
Be sure to do that, OK?
Tom says Mary didn't seem sleepy.
Tom is sometimes naughty.
Are you having any fun?
Tom says Mary didn't seem hungry.
Tom is so full of energy.
Are you afraid of mice?
Tom says Mary can't speak French.
Tom is sleeping upstairs.
Your hair looks dirty.
Tom said that Mary would do that.
Tom is rude and arrogant.
Your fever has broken.
Tom said that Mary won't do that.
Tom is retired, isn't he?
Your dogs are barking.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom is really good to me.
Your answer was wrong.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom is quite a guitarist.
You've got to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't bitter.
Tom is probably not rich.
You're good at tennis.
Tom said that Mary taught French.
Tom is pretty busy today.
You're a true patriot.
Tom said he's only met Mary once.
Tom is my neighbor's son.
You're a stubborn boy.
Tom said he's going to miss Mary.
Tom is my French teacher.
You're a real patriot.
Tom said he's glad Mary did that.
Tom is making us do this.
You're a quiet person.
Tom said he told Mary to do that.
Tom is lying on the sofa.
You're a lousy kisser.
Tom said he knows Mary's brother.
Tom is living by himself.
You're a little weird.
Tom said he knew Mary's children.
Tom is likely to be slow.
You're a lazy student.
Tom said Mary's dog bit his hand.
Tom is likely to be last.
You're a handsome guy.
Tom said Mary's dog attacked him.
Tom is likely to be home.
You're a great father.
Tom said Mary wasn't very strong.
Tom is likely to be here.
You're a good speaker.
Tom said Mary wasn't sympathetic.
Tom is likely to be gone.
You're a good pitcher.
Tom said Mary wasn't pessimistic.
Tom is likely to be fine.
You're a good painter.
Tom said Mary wasn't embarrassed.
Tom is likely to be cold.
You're a good husband.
Tom said Mary wasn't discouraged.
Tom is liable to do that.
You're a good drummer.
Tom said Mary was doing that now.
Tom is in jail in Boston.
You're a good athlete.
Tom said Mary was born in Boston.
Tom is hoping to do that.
You'd love doing that.
Tom said Mary was a little tired.
Tom is home every Monday.
You'd hate doing that.
Tom said Mary should do that now.
Tom is glad he has a job.
You speak French well.
Tom said Mary seemed to be tired.
Tom is fairly busy today.
You seemed to be busy.
Tom said Mary seemed to be happy.
Tom is bad at doing that.
You ought not do that.
Tom said Mary seemed to be drunk.
Tom is always reasonable.
You must study French.
Tom said Mary might study French.
Tom is always interested.
You may use this room.
Tom said Mary is very happy here.
Tom is a very good coach.
You may shut the door.
Tom said Mary is in the hospital.
Tom is a skinny teenager.
You may come tomorrow.
Tom said Mary is doing just fine.
Tom is a retired teacher.
You look uninterested.
Tom said Mary has never met John.
Tom is a lucky young man.
You look out of place.
Tom said Mary has been to Boston.
Tom is a gifted composer.
You look like a woman.
Tom said Mary could've done that.
Tom held my hand tightly.
You look apprehensive.
Tom said Mary could speak French.
Tom hasn't graduated yet.
You live very near us.
Tom said Mary could do that, too.
Tom has vowed to do that.
You hardly ever smile.
Tom said Mary can't speak French.
Tom has too many enemies.
You drank from my cup.
Tom refused to help Mary do that.
Tom has to do that again.
You can come tomorrow.
Tom promised to do that for Mary.
Tom has to be handcuffed.
Will you sing with us?
Tom offered to help Mary do that.
Tom has short brown hair.
Will you be all right?
Tom likes the way Mary does that.
Tom has really done well.
Whose socks are these?
Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
Tom has really been busy.
Who's that over there?
Tom knew Mary would study French.
Tom has plans to do that.
Who's calling, please?
Tom knew Mary would speak French.
Tom has never been fired.
Who'll do that for us?
Tom has had some success.
Who wishes to do that?
Tom is a better driver than Mary.
Tom has begun doing that.
Who is this money for?
Tom hopes Mary will study French.
Tom has been very active.
Who else spoke French?
Tom hopes Mary knows what to say.
Tom has always done that.
Who drew this picture?
Tom hopes Mary knows what to buy.
Tom got up an hour early.
Who drank from my cup?
Tom heard Mary talking with John.
Tom goes to Boston a lot.
Who did you swim with?
Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom gets paid to do that.
Who did that with you?
Tom has told Mary not to do that.
Tom frequently does that.
Who brought the salad?
Tom has been trying to help Mary.
Tom enjoys being outside.
Which team is winning?
Tom got Mary to do that for John.
Tom doesn't seem wealthy.
Which side is winning?
Tom found out Mary couldn't read.
Tom doesn't seem unhappy.
Which jacket is yours?
Tom doubts that Mary can do that.
Tom doesn't ever do that.
Which helmet is yours?
Tom doesn't want Mary doing that.
Tom doesn't do that well.
Tom doesn't think Mary is sleepy.
Tom doesn't do that here.
When will you do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary is scared.
Tom does want to do that.
When should I do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary is lonely.
Tom does that better than anyone else.
When do you eat lunch?
Tom doesn't think Mary is afraid.
Tom does that everywhere.
We'll keep doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary was sleepy.
Tom does that every week.
We'll arrive tomorrow.
Tom didn't think Mary was scared.
Tom does need to do that.
We worked three hours.
Tom didn't think Mary was lonely.
Tom does have to do that.
We won't ever do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was afraid.
Tom died in October 2013.
We need to be on time.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was busy.
Tom didn't seem too busy.
We have to be on time.
Tom didn't realize Mary had left.
Tom didn't pay his share.
We don't teach French.
Tom didn't let Mary pay the bill.
Tom didn't pass the test.
We don't study French.
Tom didn't know why Mary was sad.
Tom didn't lock the door.
We decided to do that.
Tom did that without Mary's help.
Tom didn't expect to win.
We aren't on the list.
Tom can do that, and so can Mary.
Tom didn't do that alone.
Was it fun to do that?
Tom asked me to do that for Mary.
Tom did that his own way.
Was it fun doing that?
Tom asked if Mary had to do that.
Tom did that all morning.
This umbrella is mine.
Tom asked Mary what her plan was.
Tom deserves our respect.
This tastes very good.
Tom asked Mary to do that for us.
Tom could've been afraid.
This suitcase is mine.
Tom asked Mary to close the door.
Tom could still be alive.
They know what I want.
Tom asked Mary how she'd do that.
Tom could face jail time.
These gloves are mine.
Tom and Mary met three years ago.
Tom could be unconscious.
The lawn needs mowing.
Tom and Mary have become friends.
Tom could be incompetent.
That's not all we did.
Tom and Mary don't often do that.
Tom could be embarrassed.
That was all my fault.
Tom and Mary both studied French.
Tom chose not to do that.
Should I study French?
Tom chased the cats away.
Should I speak French?
Tom and Mary become best friends.
Tom can't do that either.
Should I go to Boston?
Tom and Mary are studying French.
Tom can probably do that.
Please pass the sugar.
Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Tom can do that tomorrow.
Please let me do that.
Tom and Mary are my friends, too.
Tom can buy that for you.
Please do that for me.
Tom and John are Mary's brothers.
Tom broke his arm skiing.
Please come to Boston.
Tom and I were at Mary's funeral.
Tom believes that's true.
Perhaps I can do that.
Tom and I were able to help Mary.
Tom begged me to do that.
Our ordeal isn't over.
Tom always speaks French to Mary.
Tom and I were witnesses.
My wounds have healed.
Tom advised Mary to study French.
Tom and I were surprised.
My room's a real mess.
Tom advised Mary to learn karate.
Tom and I were roommates.
My room is very messy.
Tom advised Mary to learn French.
Tom and I were impressed.
My parents are strict.
Maybe Tom spoke French with Mary.
Tom and I were exhausted.
My offer was declined.
Mary and Alice are Tom's sisters.
Tom and I want your help.
My name's on the list.
I think Tom and Mary had a fight.
Tom and I talked quietly.
My left leg is broken.
I didn't tell Tom what Mary said.
Tom and I switched seats.
My first car was blue.
I didn't see Tom, but I saw Mary.
Tom and I split the bill.
My feelings were hurt.
I didn't see Tom talking to Mary.
Tom and I need your help.
My dog died yesterday.
Don't let Tom give Mary anything.
Tom and I might break up.
My confidence is back.
Did you know Tom was dating Mary?
Tom and I met for dinner.
My cat sleeps all day.
Did you know Tom was Mary's boss?
Tom and I met at a party.
My apartment is small.
Both Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and I met at a dance.
My answer was correct.
Will Tom permit Mary to do that?
Tom and I hugged tightly.
Monday was a cold day.
Why would Tom have Mary do that?
Tom and I have never met.
Losing isn't much fun.
Tom's actions saved Mary's life.
Tom and I have broken up.
Let's reconsider that.
Tom wondered why Mary was upset.
Tom and I aren't related.
Let's not do that now.
Tom will study French with Mary.
Tom and I aren't married.
Tom went to ask Mary to do that.
Tom and I aren't enemies.
It's really very easy.
Tom told me Mary was his sister.
Tom and I are very tired.
It's a very good idea.
Tom told me Mary was his cousin.
Tom and I are still here.
Is it safe to do that?
Tom told me Mary didn't do that.
Tom and I are in trouble.
Is it easy to do that?
Tom told Mary which book to buy.
Tom and I are having fun.
Is it OK if I do that?
Tom told Mary what he has to do.
Tom and I are doing well.
Is doing that illegal?
Tom told Mary what he can't eat.
Tom and I are doing fine.
I've worked in Boston.
Tom told Mary that she was safe.
Tom and I are carpenters.
I've done that enough.
Tom told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom and I agree with you.
I've been blacklisted.
Tom told Mary that he was upset.
Tom and I adopted a girl.
I'm very hard working.
Tom told Mary that he was ready.
Tom admitted he did that.
I'm too tired to work.
Tom told Mary that he was broke.
Tom's lights weren't on.
I'm the store manager.
Tom told Mary that he was bored.
Tom's dancing isn't bad.
I'm scared to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was alone.
Tom would do that again.
I'm not very handsome.
Tom told Mary that he felt weak.
Tom won't likely be shy.
I'm not ready to quit.
Tom told Mary that he felt sick.
Tom won't do that today.
I'm not going to sing.
Tom told Mary that John was shy.
Tom won't do that alone.
I'm going to buy this.
Tom told Mary she could do that.
Tom won't be suspicious.
I'm cooking breakfast.
Tom told Mary not to be so nosy.
Tom won't be handcuffed.
I'm afraid to do that.
Tom told Mary his job was tough.
Tom won't be frightened.
I'm a bit freaked out.
Tom told Mary he'd study French.
Tom won't be doing that.
I'll probably be late.
Tom told Mary he was doing that.
Tom won't be back today.
I'll do that if I can.
Tom told Mary he studied French.
Tom will probably be up.
I'll do that for free.
Tom told Mary he didn't do that.
Tom will probably be OK.
I'll buy that for you.
Tom told Mary about the robbery.
Tom will likely do that.
Tom thought that Mary was tired.
Tom will likely be late.
I won't do that today.
Tom thought Mary would be tired.
Tom will likely be home.
I wish I'd eaten more.
Tom thought Mary would be ready.
Tom will likely be busy.
I wasn't quick enough.
Tom thought Mary would be first.
Tom will come on Monday.
I wasn't exaggerating.
Tom thought Mary would be early.
Tom will be unimpressed.
I wasn't disappointed.
Tom thought Mary would be alone.
Tom will be cooperative.
I wasn't at the party.
Tom thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom wasn't very thirsty.
I wasn't a bit sleepy.
Tom thought Mary wasn't at home.
Tom wasn't very pleased.
I wasn't a bit scared.
Tom thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom wasn't very nervous.
I wasn't a bit hungry.
Tom thought Mary was interested.
Tom wasn't very jealous.
I was just doing that.
Tom thought Mary was frightened.
Tom wasn't very helpful.
I was in Boston today.
Tom thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom wasn't very excited.
I was forced to leave.
Tom thought Mary was displeased.
Tom wasn't very curious.
I was feeling nervous.
Tom thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom wasn't very careful.
I wanted to stay home.
Tom thinks Mary won't like John.
Tom wasn't ready either.
I wanted to go skiing.
Tom thinks Mary won't kiss John.
Tom wasn't a hockey fan.
I wanted some company.
Tom thinks Mary won't help John.
Tom was told to do that.
I wanted more details.
Tom thinks Mary won't be scared.
Tom was the unlucky one.
I wanted a better job.
Tom thinks Mary won't be lonely.
Tom was my first choice.
I want you there, too.
Tom thinks Mary won't be afraid.
Tom was killed that day.
I want you do to that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be absent.
Tom was easily defeated.
I want to try this on.
Tom thinks Mary will be worried.
Tom was doing that, too.
I want to study music.
Tom thinks Mary will be nervous.
Tom wants to be at home.
I want to stay single.
Tom thinks Mary will be jealous.
Tom used to be my coach.
I want to sleep on it.
Tom thinks Mary will be careful.
Tom tried not to sneeze.
I want to sell my car.
Tom talked Mary into doing that.
Tom told me he did that.
I want to see results.
Tom should tell Mary to do that.
Tom sounds like a creep.
I want to read a book.
Tom should tell Mary he's tired.
Tom slept all afternoon.
I want to pay in cash.
Tom should tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom should've been last.
I want to make a deal.
Tom seems to know what Mary did.
Tom should've been home.
I want to go by train.
Tom says that Mary will do that.
Tom should study French.
I want to dye my hair.
Tom says that Mary spoke French.
Tom should do that, too.
I want to do that now.
Tom says he'll do that for Mary.
Tom should do that soon.
I want to buy a yacht.
Tom says he saw Mary doing that.
Tom should be up by now.
I want to buy a house.
Tom says Mary wasn't interested.
Tom should be suspended.
I want to buy a canoe.
Tom says Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom should be surprised.
I want to be prepared.
Tom says Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom should be safe here.
I want to be a singer.
Tom says Mary didn't seem tired.
Tom should be a teacher.
I used to be a waiter.
Tom says Mary didn't seem happy.
Tom sells things online.
I tried to be careful.
Tom says Mary didn't seem angry.
Tom seems awfully tired.
I thought I'd do that.
Tom saw how Mary was doing that.
Tom seems awfully needy.
I studied French, too.
Tom saw Mary flirting with John.
Tom seemed to be hungry.
I still haven't voted.
Tom seemed to be afraid.
I still do that a lot.
Tom said that Mary wasn't upset.
Tom seemed awfully busy.
I still can't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom says he's done that.
I should've said more.
Tom said that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom says he isn't happy.
I should've been last.
Tom said that Mary wasn't bored.
Tom says he isn't angry.
I should be in Boston.
Tom said that Mary spoke French.
Tom says I'm unreliable.
I should be home soon.
Tom said he knew Mary wasn't happy.
Tom says I'm delusional.
I should be back soon.
Tom said he's seen Mary do that.
Tom said he's very busy.
I seldom go to Boston.
Tom said he'll do that for Mary.
Tom said he's skeptical.
I saw something scary.
Tom said he knew Mary's brother.
Tom said he's irritated.
I returned to my seat.
Tom said he had to talk to Mary.
Tom said he's exhausted.
I rarely go to Boston.
Tom said he disagreed with Mary.
Tom said he's desperate.
I plan to be a doctor.
Tom said Mary's dog bit his leg.
Tom said he's depressed.
I needed a dozen eggs.
Tom said Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom said he's concerned.
I need to take a bath.
Tom said Mary wasn't supportive.
Tom said he'll be there.
I need to stay in bed.
Tom said Mary wasn't optimistic.
Tom said he'd try again.
I need to get started.
Tom said Mary wasn't interested.
Tom said he wasn't sick.
I need to gain weight.
Tom said Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said he was unhappy.
I might do that today.
Tom said Mary wasn't happy here.
Tom said he was at home.
I looked in the trunk.
Tom said Mary wasn't frightened.
Tom said he walked home.
I looked at them both.
Tom said Mary wasn't doing that.
Tom said he likes pizza.
I looked at the floor.
Tom said Mary wasn't displeased.
Tom said he isn't upset.
I look like my mother.
Tom said Mary was very confused.
Tom said he felt hungry.
I like to help people.
Tom said Mary was in Boston now.
Tom said he feels tired.
I like the new carpet.
Tom said Mary was feeling tired.
Tom said I looked drunk.
I like buying clothes.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said I looked awful.
I know why you're sad.
Tom said Mary understood French.
Tom really impressed us.
I know what was wrong.
Tom said Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom promised to call me.
I know that I'm right.
Tom said Mary should be careful.
Tom probably won't lose.
I know that I'm ready.
Tom said Mary seemed to be busy.
Tom opened his notebook.
I know that I'm dying.
Tom said Mary needed to do that.
Tom never speaks French.
I know that I'm crazy.
Tom said Mary might not do that.
Tom never leaves Boston.
I know something's up.
Tom said Mary isn't pessimistic.
Tom never expected this.
I know not to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't heartbroken.
Tom never did that here.
I know many Canadians.
Tom said Mary is good at French.
Tom needs to be quieter.
I know how to whistle.
Tom said Mary is doing that now.
Tom needs to be on time.
I know a lot of songs.
Tom said Mary has to be careful.
Tom needs to be careful.
I know I'm in trouble.
Tom said Mary has been forgiven.
Tom needed to work late.
I just got back today.
Tom said Mary didn't want a job.
Tom must've been lonely.
I intended to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't have a job.
Tom must've been afraid.
I hope you'll say yes.
Tom said Mary didn't have a dog.
Tom might do that today.
I hope to change that.
Tom said Mary didn't have a car.
Tom might be handcuffed.
I had to teach French.
Tom really wanted Mary to leave.
Tom may do that himself.
I had to study French.
Tom likes the way Mary did that.
Tom may do that for you.
I had to speak French.
Tom isn't sure he can help Mary.
Tom may do that as well.
I got hurt doing that.
Tom isn't sure Mary can do that.
Tom managed to run away.
I get paid to do that.
Tom isn't still married to Mary.
Tom likes to wear boots.
I felt like giving up.
Tom is touring with Mary's band.
Tom likes to talk a lot.
I felt a little tired.
Tom is sure Mary should do that.
Tom likes modern poetry.
I feel a little dizzy.
Tom is sure Mary has to do that.
Tom knows he needs help.
I don't want any cake.
Tom is married to Mary's sister.
Tom knew he needed help.
I don't think I'm fat.
Tom is always bad-mouthing Mary.
Tom keeps his car clean.
I don't play baseball.
Tom is a little older than Mary.
Tom isn't so busy today.
I don't need to study.
Tom hopes that Mary can do that.
Tom isn't at home today.
I don't like raw fish.
Tom hopes Mary knows what to do.
Tom is where he belongs.
I don't like hot food.
Tom helped Mary out of the boat.
Tom is very mischievous.
I don't like fighting.
Tom has to tell Mary to do that.
Tom is very intoxicated.
I don't like children.
Tom has advised Mary to do that.
Tom is very discouraged.
I don't like broccoli.
Tom got Mary to do that for him.
Tom is tall for his age.
I don't like baseball.
Tom doesn't think Mary is upset.
Tom is still fairly shy.
I don't have to study.
Tom doesn't think Mary is tired.
Tom is still an amateur.
I don't have a lawyer.
Tom doesn't think Mary is ready.
Tom is starting to walk.
I don't expect to win.
Tom doesn't think Mary is drunk.
Tom is sometimes cranky.
I don't eat dark meat.
Tom doesn't think Mary is broke.
Tom is probably thirsty.
I do that quite a lot.
