We need to find a mosque.
We must pray to the good Lord.
We must pray to God because He's the one that protects us.
They passed through the village where Yanni lives without stopping.
Their trip to Algiers has turned into a nightmare.
Did you bring me any presents from Algeria?
The truck has been stuck for four days.
The truck was trapped in the mud.
Some trucks have been stuck here for four days.
I am paying with this debit card.
He knows the challenges of the road.
The truck remained stuck in the mud for another four days.
"How long do you think it would take to get to Algiers?" "I think that four days should do it."
This part of Algeria is known for its steep cliffs.
This part of Algeria is known for its narrow valleys.
We have to cross the river.
The river is forty meters below.
The crossing cables have slackened dramatically.
This safety belt will keep you from falling off.
He needs to tend to his olive plantation on the other side of the valley.
They used to carry everything on their backs.
He was on his own when he fell.
He prefers to cross the river on foot.
He's too scared to cross the river on the cable.
His guts were splattered everywhere.
The basket was full of mandarins.
The basket weighs forty kilos.
He has just returned from picking oranges.
I keep all my clothes here.
They have finished harvesting their olives.
They have amassed forty kilos of olives.
He has brought a large basket of figs.
He has brought a basket of figs for his wife and daughters.
Do you have ten euro bills?
He's specialized in the transport of cattle.
My kids need clothes.
Sami plays the qanun.
Sami plays the santoor.
Sami plays the xylophone.
"What kind of truck do you have?" "It's a Mercedes."
"Where are you going again?" "Algiers."
From here, the road drops dramatically down to the valley.
In this area, the road is still surfaced.
It's always drizzling in this part of the valley.
The truck has fallen into the ravine.
The fog began to dissipate.
The road is getting narrow.
The valley is getting narrow.
A black coffin lay on the ground.
This stretch of road is unsurfaced.
This road is not wide enough.
We shouldn't spend money on things we don't need.
The wheels of the truck are just centimeters from the edge of the cliff.
The bus is full of passengers.
He got back on the bus.
He knows about all the dangers he may come across on this road.
The truck got stuck in the undergrowth.
We need to dig the truck out of the mud.
This stretch of road is narrower.
The surface of this road is less than four meters wide.
Only tourists use this stretch of road.
You can see the Algerian flag over there.
Tom said that it was his first time in Australia.
The Lord has looked after me along the way.
Djelfa is one of Algeria's capitals of cattle industry.
He's getting ready to leave for Algiers.
He has a lot of money but he doesn't spend any.
He lives in a poor district of Algiers.
He lives in Bouzereah, high up in Algiers.
Tom is a horseman.
They made me an offer to teach English at a language school.
I'm off to take the entrance exam. Wish me luck!
She's a convicted felon but she should still be allowed to vote.
They are going to Bulgaria on vacation.
Tom was suspended until further notice.
Shouldn't you just go to bed already?
Does he play the qanun?
Does he play the santoor?
Does he play the xylophone?
He plays the qanun well.
He plays the xylophone well.
I play the qanun.
Can you play the qanun?
Does anybody translate sentences randomly?
He plays the qanun without mistakes.
He plays the santoor without mistakes.
He plays the santoor like a maestro.
He plays the qanun like a maestro.
My bedtime is usually about ten in the evening.
I wonder how many mistakes I have made.
Some sentences are quite forgotten.
While crossing the field, examine the dam, the canal and the wall.
I'm paying with this debit card.
Sami plays the tanbur.
Layla plays the tanbur.
Tom plays the tanbur well.
He plays the yangqin.
Does he play the yangqin?
Does she play the yangqin?
Does she play the tanbur?
Does she play the setar?
Mary plays the setar.
Does Mary play the setar?
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.
I ate curry last night.
I had curry last night.
So what are the results?
They wish to go there for vacation.
I am going to rent a car.
Churches across Italy reopened Monday.
Speaking in front of the tomb of John Paul II, Francis recalled how the Polish pope was a good pastor who visited the people all over the world.
He spoke of the three traits that characterized him most.
Francis spoke of the three traits that characterized John Paul II most: “prayer, closeness to the people and love for justice."
We are going to rent a car.
In church, social distancing will have to be maintained whether sitting or standing.
Holy water fonts in the churches will remain empty and there will be no exchanging of the sign of peace.
Great care will have to be taken when distributing the communion wafer which will be transferred into the worshipers' hands by a masked celebrant wearing gloves.
Amazon's warehouses in France were temporarily closed in a labor dispute over working conditions during the coronavirus pandemic.
In their younger years, longtime friends Aidan Reilly and James Kanoff volunteered together at a Los Angeles food bank.
“We found out that farmers could no longer fulfill orders and were burying millions of pounds of food,” said Reilly, who attends Brown University in Rhode Island. “We thought that made no sense.”
Are we going now?
You don't trust us, do you?
Unused gondolas line the banks of its empty canals.
NASA announced Wednesday it will name its next-generation space telescope in honor of Nancy Grace Roman, the space agency’s first chief astronomer.
Roman tirelessly advocated for new tools that would allow scientists to study the broader universe from space.
Roman, who held a doctorate in astronomy from the University of Chicago, came to the space agency in 1959, six months after it was formed.
She served as the chief of astronomy and relativity in the Office of Space Science.
Roman spent much of her career working to establish new ways to probe the universe.
In the mid-1960s, she set up a committee of astronomers and engineers to envision a telescope that could accomplish important scientific goals
She convinced NASA and Congress that it was a priority to launch the most powerful space telescope the world had ever seen.
Hubble turned out to be the most scientifically revolutionary space telescope of all time.
Have you already been vaccinated against the flu?
The Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope – or Roman Space Telescope, for short – is NASA’s next-generation space telescope currently under development, the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope.
The Roman Space Telescope is set for launch in the next five years and will investigate long-standing astronomical mysteries, such as the force behind the universe’s expansion, and search for distant planets beyond our solar system.
Boston is a great place to raise children.
We found two tiny kittens in our backyard.
One of the kittens has an eye infection, and both have the sniffles.
We're not sure where the mother is.
We're taking the kittens to the humane society tomorrow afternoon.
The humane society will be able to treat the kittens and find them homes.
Small kittens don't usually have trouble finding homes at animal shelters, but older cats usually have a much harder time.
The Jewish principle of Tza'ar Ba'alei Chayim demands that we prevent harm to animals and show them love and compassion.
Why didn't you just tell him the truth?
I'm going to rent a car.
We're going to rent a car.
In (nineteen eighty nine) the reunification of Germany was celebrated.
The grazing lamb is one that begins to graze well just after weaning. In Kabylia, it is generally called the lamb of the old shepherdess, since it is docile and does not frolic. The Kabyle adjective "aksas" also means beautiful and white.
This about the lexicon, stubbornness, the broad beans, the raven and the goat. Everyone thinks that only their beans cook well. The crow, for some people, is a goat, even if they see it fly away. It's like you said.
I am the one who usually cooks for the family.
I've never cooked for more than five people before.
Thanks. If there's anything else, just ask.
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."
My husband is a professor.
This clinic is doing laser surgery.
He is hook-nosed.
In the scorching heat, the cat is spread out lethargically on the ground.
Is she Carmen?
She's years old.
Yesterday it rained heavily.
I saw a lot of buses.
My son earns more than me.
The most important thing is that we're together.
He's a Saxon.
Whose lorry is that?
He lives in a small isolated village in central Algeria.
This is a fortune in Algeria.
Their roads are notoriously tough on cars.
The road completely disappeared under the rains.
He's awake long before daybreak.
His truck was loaded up with goods.
He doesn't know the condition of the road.
Whole sections of the road were washed away by the rain.
His father is a traveling salesman.
The healer always has some miraculous products to sell.
This healer seems to always have some miraculous products to sell.
The truck is getting more and more bogged down.
He forced the truck through the mud.
By forcing his truck through the mud, he was getting more and more bogged down.
The plain is entirely flooded.
Algeria has many areas that are virtually unreachable.
He directs the elephant by using his feet and voice.
The tree trunk hurdled down the slope.
He has been driving this truck for four years.
This truck was made in Algeria in the 1980s.
A tree trunk has fallen across the road.
The truck is unstable.
The imam looked sweet, calm, and pious.
In Algeria, soccer is the national sport.
Algeria's road network is slowly improving.
How many more years will Yanni drive this truck?
Algeria is known for its great beauty.
Algeria needs to protect its cultural heritage.
Algerians are known for their love of soccer.
"Couscous" is derived from the Berber word "kseksu" or "seksu."
In this village, almost everything revolves around olive oil.
In the Algerian region of Kabylie, olive oil used to play a key social economic role.
Every corner of Algiers is captivating.
The Algerian capital is leading the way in the country's development.
Islamic, Berber, and modern architecture mix wonderfully together.
The name of the Algerian city of Oran comes from an old Berber word meaning "lions."
In Tbilisi, you can find the only mosque in the world where shia and sunni Muslims pray together.
The Algerian region of Kabylie is an olive-oil-making area.
Northern Algeria has a mild and pleasant climate.
This bread is baked in a traditional style.
Algiers is a delightful place to visit.
Constantine was the ancient capital of Massinissa's kingdom.
In Algeria, Kabyle villagers are always welcoming.
Algerian women love to cook.
In this village, only four families live throughout the year.
The Algerian high plateaus have a semi-desert ecosystem.
The Saharan cheetah was thought to be extinct.
He got lost in the cave.
Algeria achieved its independence in the early 1960s.
In the Middle Ages, the Algerian city of Bejaia was a cultural center.
This is one of Algeria's architectural marvels.
It was thought that the Saharan cheetah completely disappeared in Algeria.
Many Algerian villagers live quite a long time thanks to their natural diet.
Most of the Muslims of the area come to attend the Friday prayer in this mosque.
What does Algeria have to offer foreign investors?
What does Algeria have to offer foreign tourists?
Algiers has an appealing botanical garden named "Jardin d'essais."
Algeria has lots of artistic exchanges with other countries.
The Djurdjura Mountains of northeastern Algeria are spectacularly beautiful.
The Algerian region of Kabylie is north of Bouira.
Everyone knows that Kabylie is in northeastern Algeria.
Everyone knows that Kabylie is part of Algeria.
This part of Algeria is a natural paradise.
The Blida Atlas, a small mountainous region located south of Algiers, is a natural paradise.
Algeria needs to strengthen the ties with Russia and China.
"Oran" in the Berber language means "lions."
"Alemsir" means sheepskin in Berber.
I love Kabylie's rural atmosphere.
Bejaia is located in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Algiers is known for its intriguing beauty.
In the 11th century, North Africa was ransacked and destroyed by the Banu Hilal tribes.
Algeria is a country looking forward.
Berber has its distinctive alphabet named "Tifinagh."
Nowadays, Algiers continues to expand nonstop.
In Algeria, Arabic speakers and Berber speakers coexist peacefully.
Algerians are, in general, relaxed, friendly, open, and affectionate.
Algerians have a Mediterranean character.
Algerians are proud of their roots.
Algeria shares a border with Tunisia, Libya, Niger, Mali, Mauritania, Western Sahara, and Morocco.
How do I begin?
The Tifinagh letter "aza" is a symbol of the Berber identity.
Algiers is the capital and largest city of Algeria.
Algiers is an enormously hospitable city.
Algiers is the perfect place from which you can start to explore the vast country of Algeria.
The province of Blida is next to Algiers.
Algiers was destroyed by an earthquake in the 1716.
Chrea has been a well-known ski resort in Algeria for many decades.
Chrea, a small town located in the Blida Atlas, is a key tourist destination all year round.
I can't identify myself with this sentence. This is why I didn't translate it.
Mount Tahat is the highest point in Algeria.
Algeria is known for its splendid natural environment.
I don't agree with the content of this sentence; however, that is not a reason yet to delete it.
Some of the mountainous areas of northern Algeria are very rich in vegetation.
Jijel, in northeastern Algeria, has an extraordinary national park.
A visit to Algeria's Chrea National Park is hugely gratifying.
There are many beaches along Algeria's coast.
The Djurdjura Mountains, in northeastern Algeria, are amazing.
Berbers were among the first peoples in the world to embrace Islam.
Kabyles have managed to keep their Muslim faith intact for centuries.
This is one of the greatest charms of Algiers.
Silverwork is famous in Algeria.
Staying in Algiers would be a wise choice.
The road to the village is narrow.
In this part of the Algerian Sahara, you can see prehistoric petroglyphs.
Petroglyphs can be found in various places of Algeria.
Algiers is the political and economic center of Algeria.
In Algiers, the Aurassi Hotel immediately catches the eye.
The small town of Taghit, in southwestern Algeria, enjoys an enviable tranquility.
Northern Algeria has a significantly milder climate than the rest of Algeria.
God is always present.
All your dreams can come true in Algeria.
Algeria is a country protected by God.
Is it true that camels are faster than race horses?
Is it true that camels are more stubborn than donkeys?
Tuaregs are Berber herdsmen that live in the Sahara.
It is late spring in Algeria.
Do Tuaregs organize camel races?
Wood is very rare in the Sahara Desert.
The Quran commands this.
Some Africans wear ornamental scars to identify their tribes.
This is a Tuareg sword.
Tuareg swords are expensive.
A Tuareg sword costs a lot.
He has been riding a camel for days.
The string instrument accompanying the singing of Tuareg women is called an "imzad."
The Quran demands this.
Muslims face Mecca to pray.
He's reading verses from the Quran.
He entered the camel race.
He decided to enter the camel race.
The Algerian high plateaus are a semi-arid savanna.
The camel was introduced to the Sahara by man.
The dromedary has enabled humans to inhabit the hostile regions of the Sahara Desert.
Wild camels never existed in Africa.
Does the Chelif River flow all year round?
The climate in the Sahara Desert was much more humid than it is now.
The Tuaregs use these wells for small-scale irrigation.
Do you find her cute?
Do you think she's cute?
Do you find her pretty?
Do you think he's cute?
Do you find him cute?
Do you find him pretty?
The entire Tuareg camp was gone without a trace.
The entire Tuareg camp was gone without a trace in just half an hour.
Sometimes life gives you gifts.
Tuareg nomads live in tents.
Camels are what makes Tuaregs rich.
In the Azawad region of northern Mali, you can find light-skinned Tuaregs.
Who is in the kitchen?
Most Kabyles are faithful Muslims.
In the Sahara Desert, camels are so precious.
Mehari camels are so precious.
He has come to Tamanrasset to buy a Mehari camel.
This camel is ridden by Yanni.
Yanni named his camel "Skura."
"Skura" is derived from the Berber word "tasekkurt" which means "partridge."
A good camel should never show disrespect for its master.
What's Libya like?
What's Morocco like?
What's Tunisia like?
What's Egypt like?
I haven't got a washing machine.
I have always wanted to read that book.
What's Worcester like?
Do you mean the city in Massachusetts or the one in England?
What's a cathedral city?
I was born in Atlantis.
I went to school in Agartha.
I'll be going to Annwn on vacation for a few weeks.
I'm an adjunct professor at the Scholomance.
The camels came from Tamanrasset loaded with dates.
The market takes place only once a week.
I say I'm a conscious shopper.
I went there three years ago.
Do you have your ID?
An elephant eats a spider.
If you would get down off your soapbox for a minute maybe we could have a meaningful conversation.
Don't be such a numskull, Clyde.
He's such a dingbat. I wish he would be serious for once!
It cannot be done like this.
We didn't get any instructions. I guess we'll just muddle through and make the best of things.
The Tuareg caravan came loaded with dates and left loaded with salt.
He was born with a deformity in his right hand.
That's the minaret of a mosque.
We're leaving the sleepy town of Toudja, in Bejaia, and we're heading towards Algiers.
The Tuaregs gave us a red-carpet welcome.
We left Bejaia and continued on our road toward Algiers.
The bird is eating a sandwich.
How many days did it take to go from Algiers to Bejaia?
We're not too far from the Algerian shore.
The Tizi-Ouzou market takes places only once a week.
I love the immensity of the Sahara Desert.
The Tuaregs stopped to make camp in the dunes.
The great traveler Ibn Battuta was Berber.
The great traveler Ibn Battuta was a Berber from Morocco.
All I know is that I don't know anything.
"The great traveler Ibn Battuta was a Berber from Morocco." "That's a lie! He was Kabyle!" interrupted one of the separatists.
Tuaregs travel by camel.
The ship capsized.
"Louis de Funès was a French actor." "This is bullshit! Louis de Funès was Kabyle!"
Timbuktu became one of the most important capitals of Islam.
Timbuktu had an Islamic university.
Timbuktu had dozens of Quranic schools.
Yanni has been riding camels since he was a child.
Yanni knows the Sahara Desert like the back of his hand.
My father has always worked the earth.
All my ancestors were farmers.
My father was always a farmer.
The bear growls.
There is less and less rain in this area.
The passengers are in a hurry to get to the village.
I had a few friends.
He prepares the fish for the market.
Tuaregs are nomads.
Tuaregs live mainly on cattle herding.
Tuaregs have a reputation for bravery and cunning.
This Tuareg camp site is made up of four tents.
This is a Tuareg territory.
That's what the life of a Tuareg is like.
We Muslims all have the same religion.
As far as religion goes, we're all Muslim and we're all brothers.
Tuareg women are considered among the most beautiful in Africa.
The El Harrach Market was one of the most important commercial hubs in Algeria.
The crabs were taken to be sold at the fish market.
The fish will be sold at a fish market in the Algerian town of Bousmail.
Gambia is entirely surrounded by Senegal.
He's writing an article about Algeria's natural curiosities.
Are there any natural curiosities worth visiting in Algeria?
He has come from Algiers to study the local Berber dialect.
There is no bridge spanning the Amazon River.
He ended up in Algerian territory.
Gambia has a very narrow territory.
There is a lot of trade between Algeria and China.
His father is a fervent birdwatcher.
Stop feeling yourself.
The Berber language is still spoken here.
That's a Berber tradition.
Our city is home to a peanut factory.
The Algerian border is less than four kilometers away.
Algeria was populated a long time ago.
She is renting a house there.
These giraffes are familiar with humans.
When did giraffes disappear in Algeria?
Algeria needs to make a firm commitment to preserving its natural environment.
Algeria needs more big hotels on the coast.
"Azul" is a Berber word and it means hello.
Philippeville is now called Skikda.
Algerian historians need to be very particular about historical accuracy.
Now we write messages on our cell phones.
We do everything online now.
The healer says he's able to communicate with the hereafter.
He came to live in Algeria.
Algeria would sure give Homer an inspiration for a poem.
Tissemsilt is still called Vialar by some of its inhabitants.
These ships are returning from Algeria.
Mary isn’t beautiful, is she?
I have an Algerian ID card.
He could have stayed in Algeria.
He still keeps his Algerian name.
Algeria is such a wonderful land.
Algeria is such a wonderful country.
Thanks to the Internet, we can work from home with our laptops.
The Tarik Ibn Ziad has weighed anchor and it's ready to sail to Algiers.
We set our course south for Algeria.
He spends the whole day out at sea.
The Saharan cheetah is seriously endangered.
He left Algiers and headed south.
This ship was supposed to sail back and forth across the Bay of Algiers.
Mahajanga is the most Muslim city of Madagascar.
Rickshaws are very rare in Algiers.
Algeria does a lot of business with China.
You can't walk, can you?
"Cleopatra Selene II was Egyptian." "You're a liar! She was Kabyle!!!"
You don’t need to go, do you?
"Cleopatra Selene II was Egyptian." "You're a anti-Kabyle racist and a liar! Cleopatra Selene was a Kabyle from Michelet!!!"
"Corsicans speak Corsican." "You're an Islamist terrorist and a liar! Corsicans speak Kabyle!!!"
He learned Arabic in the Quranic school.
Even his maid speaks fluent Berber.
What happened to me? I’m not sick am I?
"Christopher Columbus was from Genoa." "You're an anti-Kabyle racist employed by the Algerian secret service!!! Columbus was Kabyle!!!"
"I'm Kabyle." "You're a liar, an anti-Kabyle racist Islamist terrorist and you can't possibly be Kabyle."
Yanni is the village chief.
The elders of the village organize the social life of the village.
April is the month I was born in.
Many Tuaregs carry on living as in the past.
He lives in the village where he grew up.
He's not familiar with Algiers.
We dropped anchor at Algiers.
We headed for Algiers, the capital of Algeria.
Bejaia has an authentic Algerian character.
He went to Philippeville, now Skikda.
The French arrived here in Algeria in 1830.
This Algerian town is named Tigzirt, which means literally "the island."
Every afternoon, the village women get together to chat.
The Phoenicians got in good terms with the indigenous Berber populations of North Africa in order to do business there.
Why are there American graves in the El Alia cemetery in Algiers?
We set out course for Algiers.
He's an Algerian who has been living in this isolated region of Canada for decades.
Berbers have lived in North Africa ever since the dawn of time.
The allied troops rendezvoused at Algeria.
They grow tea on the hillsides.
Algeria is opening up to the world.
Berbers are true natives of North Africa.
The history of Algeria goes back a long way, many centuries before the Islamic conquests.
Tuaregs cross the Sahara by caravan.
Algeria occupies a strategic position in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algiers is waiting for us with open arms.
Algiers is growing more beautiful.
Algiers has a unique architectural heritage.
He decided to return to his Berber roots.
My Algerian in-laws are from Kabylie.
Algiers means a lot to me.
Bejaia should become a museum town.
The beach is overflowing with people.
The Phoenicians ran many trading posts in North Africa, doing business with the local Berber populations.
The Phoenicians founded many trading posts in North Africa where they did business with the local Berber populations.
The villagers gathered to bid goodbye to the pilgrims.
We arrived at a Tuareg village.
I owe Tom a fiver.
I owe Tom a tenner.
They offered me a job teaching English at a language school.
Tom suggested doing it tomorrow.
Sami plays the sarangi.
Look, it's the Pole Star!
Tom suggested that we do it tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we should do it tomorrow.
I need your guitar.
You learned all of this in three months?
If Jesus Christ was born in September or October, whose birth are Catholics celebrating at the end of the month of December?
No exit is possible, since the problem remains!
I am ankylosed by inactivity. No exit, no solution is possible, since the problem remains!
I registered at this school two years ago.
Am I working?
I can't write.
You are a strange girl, Maria.
Can we study together at the library?
Why are you cold?
They will paint the fence tomorrow.
Where did you hide the money?
Would you come for lunch?
You are like the one who builds a house with waste boards.
You didn't have time to finish your report.
You are like the one who builds a house with You are like the one who builds a house with waste boards.
You are like the one who builds a house with waste boards
We used to go shopping at the market.
It's clear and cool today.
She promised to write every day.
One who fears wolves doesn't enter the forest.
The factory produces robots for people.
The weather is snowy today.
Classes resumed with a limited number of pupils per school to make sure social distancing was fully respected.
Belgium was particularly hard hit by the coronavirus.
She lent me two books; I still haven't read any of them.
The pandemic has put lives of students on hold.
A Hollywood actress and her fashion-designer husband have agreed to plead guilty in a university admissions scandal in which their daughters were falsely portrayed as a sports champion.
Students who took online tests and received an error message when they hit "submit" have filed a lawsuit against the organization that administers the tests.
They cut off his water because he didn't pay the bill.
If you want, you can buy that dog. It's for sale.
Tom felt like a caged animal.
The room is full of furniture.
Rowan loves building miniature figurines of fantastical creatures and machines.
Tom is an introvert by nature.
Mary is an introvert by nature.
Personal freedom is the spirit of democracy.
The discovery is the first of its kind.
Evidence of the formation of a new planet has been collected by scientists working at the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile.
Microbes carried on the bodies of visiting astronauts are being sampled on board the International Space Station in hopes of learning how to better protect their health and the health of people on Earth.
It is this book.
Are you going to download his new album?
She reached the station at seven.
She reached the station at o'clock.
The girl doesn't do anything other than cry.
Do you have another question?
Cars are unavoidable for suburban life.
She enjoys riding a bicycle.
Mom is eating in the kitchen.
Study a lot.
Work a lot.
She opposes racial discrimination.
I worked hard in the garden.
Oh, there is a butterfly!
Should we add garlic to that yogurt and store it or should we not add garlic and store it?
Did you go to a foreign country?
Hey, are you still here?
The train is made up of train cars.
Some are happy; others are unhappy.
Some of them are happy; others are unhappy.
Apricots are the local product of Malatya.
That bird is still on the roof.
I'm very talented.
Tom says that he doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
The vase fell to the floor and broke.
This is a dirty and tiring job.
I left behind the keys to my car.
Please wash your hands after eating and using the toilet.
Please wash your hands after food and the toilet.
I was born in in the city of Osaka.
And if I were gay, would it be a crime?
A human is a social animal by nature
A long time ago I went to Kyoto.
You'll take a cup of tea, won't you?
Study here.
Either you or I have to do this.
It's unclear whether or not she knows what she's talking about.
It may not be your favorite thing to do but it's necessary.
Can you solve a Rubik's Cube?
Are you frightened when you drive along the edge of a cliff with no barrier?
Being friends with her brother can't hurt.
I own a Malayalam dictionary but have never used it.
Arroyo is just another name for a wash.
Arroyo is just another word for a wash.
You need to be careful when driving into a wash during the monsoon season in Arizona.
The best fry bread is covered in powdered sugar and honey.
When you get older, some parts of your body start to sag a little, or a lot.
"Green or red" is the question you'll get in New Mexico when ordering something that comes with salsa.
Coyotes usually chase roadrunners without the assistance of Acme products.
She snagged a bloated dead fish with her fishing hook and had to hold her breath while she removed it.
Which do you prefer, a horny toad or a Gila monster?
You call it soda and she calls it coke, but I call it pop.
She wrenched her back when she flew off the ramp while riding a runaway snowmobile.
English has needed a gender-neutral term for niece and nephew for a long time. Why hasn't nibling caught on?
I wouldn't drink from a water fountain during a pandemic.
It's not fair to ask me to compromise myself.
You and I, we don't know it.
I understand you're upset, but you need to calm down so we can discuss this civilly.
I went to the electronics store to buy a new refrigerator.
I went to the supermarket to buy cold water.
Is there cold water here?
I am teaching Kazakh to foreigners.
Is there food at home?
I'm drinking cold water.
I'm using that computer.
Ana's password is the date of her birthday.
Let's also learn Kazakh!
The water is not cold.
I always drink a lot of water.
He called and she answered.
I go jogging daily.
Have you heard this story?
They seem confused.
She seems to be confused.
She seems confused.
The other team tried to stop it crossing the line.
The other team tried to prevent him from crossing the line.
She is constantly criticised.
They criticise her constantly.
He is constantly criticised.
They criticise him constantly.
After dinner we did the washing up.
Joao's sister is called Joana.
You're late, as usual.
No doubt something unexpected happened.
No doubt something unexpected was happening.
A hundred divided by five is twenty.
I go swimming on Saturdays.
What's that there in your pocket?
What's that in your bag?
What's that there in your bag?
This one arrived on time in spite of the rain.
That one arrived on time in spite of the rain.
It's a problem that has to be taken into account.
It's a problem which has to be taken into consideration.
I prefer jam.
It's interesting how emotional she gets when she talks about her cat.
It's interesting how emotional he gets when he talks about his cat.
The test was very easy.
I want to meet her; is this possible?
It had to be here at five on the dot.
I won't speak about this subject with them.
It had to be here at five o'clock exactly.
He had to be here at five on the dot.
You're less active than your brother.
You're not so active as your brother.
Stéphane was soaking wet.
Stephen was soaking wet.
Stéphane was completely wet through.
At the same time, São Paulo is both one of the world's poorest and richest cities.
Stephan was completely wet through.
How much salt has to go in the rice?
How much salt's got to go in the rice?
You don't need to fear me.
What do these dots on the card mean?
There's no need for you to be afraid of me.
I ate three times today.
She quickly climbed up the tree.
She climbed up the tree quickly.
You'd all like her.
You'd all like him.
You'd all like it.
There's no right answer to this question.
Is there a dining room in the house?
You've written to your uncle.
You wrote to your uncle.
You're writing to your uncle.
You write to your uncle.
You've been swimming.
You swam.
What a clumsy metaphor!
What an ill-fitting metaphor!
Something's hanging in the air.
There's something hanging in the air.
This is the clinic where Dan was born.
This is the hospital where Dan was born.
Dan was born in this clinic.
Dan was born in this hospital.
Could you clarify that?
Could you explain that in more detail?
Do you want a drop of milk?
She will be able to do that.
A ship appeared on the horizon.
You've gone pale.
You've turned pale.
You went pale.
You turned pale.
He doesn't have any excuse for being late.
He leant the ladder against the wall.
He propped the ladder against the wall.
The topic of global warming happened to come up during the conference.
Mary was leaning against the wall.
And no one is helping you?
And no one helps you?
They were abandoned.
Good luck with everything.
If it says here allegro, you have to play allegro.
He's a man of honour.
He is a man of honour.
The scene at the smithy was cut out of the film.
The scene at the smithy was cut from the film.
The scene at the forge was cut out of the film.
The scene at the forge was cut from the film.
The scene at the blacksmith's was cut out of the film.
The scene at the blacksmith's was cut from the film.
Drops fell rhythmically from the stalactites.
Drops were falling rhythmically from the stalactites.
She's coming back in an hour.
She'll be back in an hour.
He's in a miserable state.
He's in a wretched condition.
The days are fairly long.
The days are long enough.
He was exhausted, going straight to bed.
He was shattered, going straight to bed.
He was knackered, going straight to bed.
Exhausted, he went straight to bed.
Shattered, he went straight to bed.
Knackered, he went straight to bed.
"'Tom lives only an hour away,' that's what Mary said at school today. What does that mean, Mum?" Mum thought for a moment. "Well," she began, as she usually began her answers, "a distance can be expressed as a unit of time when you've established a constant rate of speed – it might be the average speed of a pedestrian, a bicycle or a car. But without knowing the context, the most natural choice would be the speed of light in vacuum, according to which–" Mum did the mental arithmetic, Johnny meanwhile scribbling everything down on a notepad, "Tom lives about a billion kilometres away, possibly on an asteroid somewhere near Saturn."
Nowadays, we do everything online.
"Pierre Bourdieu was French." "You're a liar and an anti-Lilliputian racist! Pierre Bourdieu was Lilliputian!"
Here the snow is permanent.
The road has partially collapsed.
The villagers rebuilt the road.
The local farmers make their living off the road.
He already owns four trucks.
Let me introduce you to Yanni, my driver.
This is Yanni, Skura's younger brother.
The road sneaks through the mountains.
This region of Algeria is known for its breathtaking corniches.
He spent his life behind the wheel of his truck.
He decorated the truck.
In this steep slope, you need to drive slowly and in first gear.
The truck could tip over.
He checked the tires one by one.
This road poses one problem after another.
He needs to check his tires after every trip.
The Algerian government financed the construction of a motorway in the region.
In Algeria, religion is paramount.
Would you like to buy a truck?
He can't afford a truck.
He'll buy a truck.
He saved money and bought a truck.
As soon as he has the money, he'll buy a truck.
He resumed his travel.
Get off the truck.
His brakes got overheated.
A truck was coming the other way.
The rain has turned the road into a muddy track.
The truck started to slide.
When the truck slides, you can't do anything.
When the truck slides, it could go anywhere.
When the truck slides, you can't even turn the wheel.
When the truck slides, it's completely out of control.
We're finally in the Soummam Valley.
Part of the mountain slid onto the road.
The road is completely blocked.
A rock broke loose and hit one of the climbers.
The trucks were one behind the other.
These trucks have been stuck here for days.
The road has been blocked since at least Thursday.
Kabylie is renowned throughout Algeria for its olive oil.
This market attracts clients from all over Algeria.
"How much would that cost?" "Four thousand dinars."
Lift the box up slightly.
The bus was decorated all over.
He spent so much money on the truck.
Put the music on.
He spent a lot of money on decorating the bus.
"How long has this truck been stuck here?" "Four days."
They resumed their journey.
He can drive the truck.
He started the truck.
Change gears or you'll stall.
He will make a good trucker.
He let go of the wheel.
He finally made it to Algiers.
He needs to get back on the road as soon as possible.
Akbou is one of the largest towns in the Soummam Valley.
He owns that truck.
The truck provides a shuttle service for the villagers.
This truck has a mechanical problem.
This truck is leaking everywhere.
This truck is the only form of transport these villagers have.
The transmission of this truck is completely worn out.
This truck has got a serious problem.
He lives in an isolated mountain village.
The truck is repaired.
The truck is ready to face the mountain track.
There is no other way to get to the village.
"Have a good trip." "Thanks."
Fourteen passengers are squeezed into the back of the truck.
The truck needs to cross the river on an ancient wooden bridge.
The bridge is very fragile.
He's heading up for the village.
The engine overheated.
The passengers are suffering from the scorching heat.
We'll soon be in the village.
May Allah protect us.
The tunnel runs through the mountain.
When this bridge was built, two workmen were killed when they fell into the ravine.
The truck crossed the bridge without incident.
He needs to cross the river on foot.
This river can't be crossed.
The truck was stuck here all night.
They started the climb under a merciless sun.
He waited for them on the side of the road.
The baby needs to sleep.
Berber women weave at home.
The water has begun to slowly recede.
He told the passengers to get off the truck.
Climb on board the truck.
Our village is finally in view.
God was on our side again.
My condolences for your father.
Religion is important here.
I had a dream about her.
The truck overturned.
He sacrificed one of his finest goats.
We used goat skins to make drums.
We make good shoes from goat skins.
We look after our sheep.
He personally prepared the couscous.
This road is the lifeline that links these villages to the rest of the world.
The Titanic was a city afloat.
The sea was calm and the sky was clear.
I was leading.
I was driving.
I was drinking.
I was calling.
I saw you, but I don't know when and where.
I collapsed.
I glided.
I wanted.
You grow.
He grew.
Don't you think this is risky?
Were you well?
Hello, father.
This is a movie that promotes American wholesomeness.
Keep the faith.
Now you learn.
I fear the wife.
I fear the woman.
Speak, John!
Don’t cry out!
Quiet, boy!
He is light.
He is fickle.
He is superficial.
Listen everyone.
I see the garden.
Do you see the fruit?
I see the fruit.
I see the statue.
Do you see the ice?
I see the ice.
Do you see the horse?
Do you see the sparrow?
I see the sparrow.
Do you see the battle?
Do you see the edge?
I see the battle.
I see the edge.
Do you see the cross?
Do you see the mirror?
I see the mirror.
Surely you don’t see?
They have decorated the hall.
We decorated the hall.
He decorated the hall.
She decorated the hall.
I decorated the hall.
We will help the poor.
It snowed in winter.
I paid attention to you.
I observed you.
Are you a spirit?
Stupid thing!
It will be a day.
The right way.
The Senate and People of Rome.
You’re a fool!
mi wile mulapisu.
How far?!
Will you be afraid?
Are they swimming?
They will be loved.
She will be loved.
He will be loved.
It will be loved.
Always open.
The fork is missing.
She is pleasant.
We were going to Gifu.
We are coming from Rome.
It is prejudiced against me.
Look at those girls.
I was young.
I ate the stuff.
I was handsome.
I was pure.
I was elegant.
I was filthy.
I was slow.
I was heavy.
He will see her.
Judith is pleased with it.
You drink beer.
I am buying books.
The crowd rushed.
He's the son of an Algerian importer.
He served in an elite unit of Algerian paratroopers.
President Tebboune takes his responsibilities seriously.
Many people openly admire President Tebboune.
Many Algerians openly admire President Tebboune.
It is very important to follow the rules.
She lacks motivation.
He reached the Algerian coast.
"Charlie Chaplin was a British actor." "You're an anti-Lilliputian racist liar employed by the Algerian secret service! Chaplin was a Lilliputian from Michelet!"
Yanni is a very Berber name.
"Takfarinas is an ancient Berber name." "You're an anti-Lilliputian racist liar! Takfarinas is a Lilliputian name."
US troops need to evacuate Iraq.
The wound healed almost completely.
His pride was mortally wounded by her reaction.
He served his full term in prison.
The jets dived at their target.
He's a renowned Algerian investigative reporter.
Tom said he'd consult a lawyer.
The DRS was Algeria's famed secret service agency.
Tom said that he'd consult a lawyer.
U.S. troops need to evacuate Iraq.
He was eager to join the elite unit of paratroopers.
How many Muslims live in the holy city of Jerusalem?
Millions of Muslims can't visit the holy city of Jerusalem.
Every week I tell myself I won't use Tatoeba on Shabbos.
I have an impulse control problem.
I'm very interested in languages.
It can be done forcefully.
Algeria has nothing to apologize for.
Algeria needs to protect its territory.
What must be, must be.
The cat is currently sleeping.
The cat is sleeping now.
The military value of Hamas' rockets is very limited.
They came out of the bunker.
They sought refuge in bomb shelters.
Those valleys are deep and steep.
He has already spent four months in Algeria.
Compromise only makes sense when all parties are acting in good faith.
He waited about forty years before publishing a selection of those pictures.
Ladino has been spoken in Jerusalem for over years.
This board game is really fun.
These teens are really funny.
This application is awesome.
They are laughing.
I pity the unfortunate.
I have leisure time for philosophy.
My hobby is philosophy.
I will be going to the country.
It must be written.
"I am a Christian. I am a Christian. I am a Christian." "Are you a Christian?" "Yes, I am a Christian."
He goes fishing.
I abandon my province.
The heat diminishes.
The passions diminish.
He starts to talk.
She starts to talk.
The wind dies down.
Thomas is announced.
Mary is announced.
The city is empty.
The University is empty.
Look carefully.
Be fawning.
Be seductive.
Do good for the sake of good.
Denounce no-one.
Employ honesty.
Instruct your offspring.
Flee from hostiliy.
Dispel enmity.
Learn gladly.
Seek the truth.
Obey reason.
Shun gossip.
Shun rumour.
Submit to the spirit of the age.
Follow the season.
Respond with reverence.
She was to have returned yesterday, but she fell ill.
Exasperate no-one.
Tom grows.
He fears the hospital.
She fears the hospital.
Drinking is permitted.
The other side of the lake belongs to Switzerland.
Yanni was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Yanni was in the army.
Yanni attended a party that night.
Yanni lives in a rural community.
Yanni used to have a Youtube channel.
Yanni deleted his Youtube channel.
Yanni was forced to delete his Youtube channel.
Yanni wanted to attract attention to his Youtube channel.
Yanni sent screenshots of the graffiti to Skura.
Yanni never vandalized someone else's car.
Yanni vandalized Skura's car.
Yanni didn't want Skura to get in trouble.
Yanni should still be there.
These are Yanni's.
It was barely 4:30.
Yanni needs to know that.
Yanni drove to the police station.
Yanni was immediately arrested.
Yanni was taken to the back room to await a detective.
Yanni was interrogated by the police.
Yanni was patient with Skura.
Yanni was surprisingly patient with Skura.
Yanni was abducted and stabbed four times.
Yanni was in a stable condition.
Yanni was stabbed multiple times.
Yanni contacted Skura again.
Detectives came to Yanni's house and interviewed him again.
Yanni removed his Youtube channel.
Yanni's message left Skura shaking.
Yanni was driving around on his dirt bike.
Yanni is wearing a cast.
Yanni ended up breaking a bone.
Yanni didn't teach us anything.
Yanni was spray-painting the wall.
Yanni was being loud and obnoxious.
Yanni brought a flashlight.
Yanni was practically blind.
Yanni tried his best to ignore that.
Yanni immediately denied it.
Yanni was drunk and rude.
Yanni heard an extremely loud sound.
Yanni yelled something extremely crude at the teacher.
Yanni was in the true.
Yanni was trying to break the tree by swaying it back and forth.
Yanni was transfixed.
Yanni was about to say something.
Yanni leapt into another tree like a monkey.
Yanni left Skura behind.
Yanni could still hear that noise.
Yanni felt incredibly stupid.
Yanni was lucky to be alive.
Yanni was huge.
Yanni watched National Geographic Channel.
Yanni was trying to overpower his assailant.
What exactly did Yanni see that night?
Yanni told me this story.
This happened to Yanni in 2004.
Yanni was illegally camping there.
Yanni was illegally fishing there.
Yanni was illegally hunting in that forest.
Yanni didn't turn around.
Yanni got caught by a game warden.
Yanni got moderately drunk.
Yanni cracked open a beer.
The rain put out the fire.
Yanni freed himself from the tent.
Yanni woke up Skura.
Yanni collected his belongings.
Yanni felt something hard in the mud.
Yanni felt something smooth in the water.
Yanni's tone changed.
Yanni found human bones in the cave.
Yanni wasn't educated in human anatomy.
Yanni's dumping ground is Skura's backyard.
Yanni removed a bone from the mud.
Yanni packed everything up.
Yanni found a bone in the backyard.
Yanni was questioned by the police.
Yanni and Skura were questioned by the police separately.
The police threatened Yanni with jail time.
Yanni told me that.
Yanni found well over forty separate mammoth bones in the snow.
Yanni doesn't know the exact year but says that it took place in the 1940s.
I don't see why Yanni would lie.
Yanni drove out to his grandmother's house.
Yanni knocked on the front door but did not get a response.
Yanni decided to spend the night in the empty house.
Yanni went back home.
That was what saved Yanni's life that night.
Yanni didn't want to go back out in the rain.
Lightning was crisscrossing all around the sky.
Yanni saw a light inside that house.
Yanni caught sight of a man he didn't know.
Yanni crouched beneath the window.
Yanni wasn't supposed to be there.
Yanni was wandering around.
Yanni stayed hidden.
Yanni went back inside.
I eat honey instead of sugar.
Chauvinism is toxic.
Chauvinism kills.
Chauvinism is oppressive.
Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Yanni was shining the flashlight around.
Yanni locked the door behind him.
Yanni opened the back door.
Yanni is still in the house.
Yanni locked himself in Skura's bedroom.
Yanni heard a loud thunderous cracking.
Yanni fell asleep.
Yanni searched the house in the daylight.
Yanni explained to the police everything that had happened the night before.
Yanni asked Skura to describe what the intruder had been wearing.
Yanni's body was removed from Skura's property.
Yanni doesn't have permission to be in that house.
Yanni had a hunting knife in his hand.
Yanni entered the house cautiously.
Yanni left the house.
Yanni entered the house.
Yanni heard the lightning strike.
Careful what you say.
Yanni is on his way back.
Temper your speech.
Yanni was still attending college.
Yanni had the house all to himself.
Yanni had a massive four-story house.
Read books.
Yanni spent a lot of money fixing the truck.
Yanni eventually got used to it.
Yanni was watching TV in the living room.
Yanni dozed off on the couch.
Yanni nearly dozed off behind the wheel.
Yanni approached the curtains.
Yanni threw back the curtain.
Yanni exhaled a sigh of relief.
Yanni flipped on the light.
Breed children.
Yanni was wearing a hooded poncho.
Yanni started walking towards the window.
Never make fools of people.
Yanni retreated back into his room.
Yanni saw Skura throw something.
Yanni ran to the garage.
Do not judge.
Yanni was directly behind Skura.
Yanni is anti-firearm.
Yanni doesn't have a gun.
Yanni grabbed a golf club.
Yanni immediately dialed 911.
Yanni was on his way.
Yanni should remain inside the house until the police get there.
Yanni accidentally dropped his phone.
Yanni is walking up the stairs.
Yanni is walking up the creaky steps.
Yanni's doorknob began to rattle.
Yanni shook the door.
Yanni pounded on the door.
Yanni's door was entirely made of oak.
Yanni kicked the door down.
Yanni saw cops outside.
Yanni said he saw cops outside.
Do not set yourself against anyone.
Yanni exited through the back door.
Yanni didn't see exactly what was going on.
Nothing lasts for long.
Yanni identified himself.
Yanni quickly went to the front door.
Yanni was the one who called.
Yanni was arrested in Skura's backyard.
Yanni was placed in the back of the squad car.
Yanni was placed in the back of the police cruiser.
Yanni was the prime suspect in a murder case.
Yanni ruined Skura's vacation.
Yanni changed his stance on firearms.
Restrain your laughter.
You brought a parrot.
We were kings.
Careful of the snakes!
You slandered me.
You spoke badly of me.
Yanni lowered his sword.
I went out without breakfast.
What are you asked?
Does he ride every day?
He died in his rented home.
They go home.
Has the weather become cloudy?
It concerns everyone.
Has he stated the reason?
He wanted to go back in the elevator.
He pushed her back to the elevator and gave her a hot kiss.
He was permanently banned from that store.
He looked at us funny.
She was supposed to have returned yesterday, but she fell ill.
Skura's baby had a nap in the bedroom.
Skura's baby was having a nap in the car.
She was putting her baby down for a nap.
Chills rushed over me.
His baby girl is four months old.
Don't force your baby to sleep.
Her baby tends to cry a lot.
She was upstairs, trying to put her baby down for a nap.
Her baby refused to nap.
If her baby doesn't nap, he would get overtired.
It's important for a baby to have a nap.
Her baby didn't want to sleep.
It's nap time.
Her baby has to nap.
Her baby is having a nap in the living room.
He smiled back at his baby.
Tidy up your toys.
His children have a nap at 2:00.
That's what life is all about.
That's not what life is all about for me.
He picked his baby girl up.
The baby fell asleep in Yanni's arms.
Don't try to force your baby to sleep.
He was having a nap in his car.
The driver was having a nap in his car.
The shepherd had a nap under an olive tree.
I spent the night reading the Quran.
She was dressed in a yellow Kabyle dress.
"The title of this book is 'Le lexique de berbère moderne' which translates as the 'Lexicon of Modern Berber.'' "You're an anti-Lilliputian racist liar! This book is a lexicon of modern Lilliputian!"
She's a gardener.
If Yanni calls, tell him I'm having a nap.
There are also two statues of Hadrian there, and not far from the statues a perforated stone to which Jews come every year to anoint it, mourn with groans, rend their garments, and so depart.
I'm trying to have a nap.
I'll have a nap, too.
I feel rested.
I enjoyed my nap.
You don't look rested.
He switched on the lights.
The Movement for the Self-Determination of Lilliput is here to defend the right of the Lilliputian language to exist.
My mother's calling me.
The road got more difficult.
Whenever I go to Algiers, I take a train.
In Algeria, we visited a beautiful mountain range called Djurdjura.
We remained seated inside the tent.
Yanni didn't want to die inside the shelter.
I smoke Camels.
They started to make their way to Algiers.
Algiers is my father's hometown.
This land is owned by an Algerian man named Yanni.
Algeria is truly a beautiful place.
This is where our properties meet.
He's someone you really wouldn't like to mess with.
He was playing Kabyle songs on his guitar.
The look on his face as he was dying is one that I'll never foget.
Back when I was in university, I used to work at a cafe.
He usually gets sleepy in the afternoon.
He always gets sleepy after eating.
He still feels like he's not fluent in Berber.
There's a hidden road on the left.
Mary wished to conceive a second child.
He got sleepy and felt like he wanted to take a nap.
Set it on its side overnight to let the water drain out.
Never run from a mountain lion or it will give chase. Stand tall and make yourself look as big as possible while slowly backing away from the animal. If it attacks, fight back with anything that can be turned into a weapon, even your bare hands.
On Tisha B'Av, Jews mourn the losses of the First and Second Temples.
Murine cells are no smaller than human cells.
Dinosaurs went extinct about million years ago.
Dinosaurs died out about million years ago.
He uses noise-canceling headphones.
Tom likes watching lesbian movies.
I like watching lesbian movies too.
I feel sleepy as soon as I finish eating dinner.
He was rigid with fear.
She asks if you are afraid of snakes.
Their position is nakedly hypocritical.
They have no moral authority.
If Yanni gets sleepy, take him to bed.
He didn't learn much Berber.
He asked her in Berber.
He isn't able to speak Berber.
He got hungry mid-shift.
Tom's playing with a slinky.
He remembers that story so well.
Their intention is to exterminate mankind.
Yanni was sleeping in class.
Yanni was smoking in class.
Yanni put his head down on the desk.
Yanni never slept in class.
Yanni's eyes starting getting heavy.
Yanni started getting sleepy.
Yanni looks so stupid.
Yanni turned off the lights.
Yanni went to sleep.
Yanni has just started kingergarten this week.
Yanni is all day sleepy.
Yanni doesn't sleep in class that often.
Yanni slept in class.
Yanni was given detention for sleeping in class.
Yanni took a nap in class.
Yanni slept in his office.
Yanni was caught sleeping in class.
Yanni sits far away from the teacher's desk.
Yanni noticed Skura sleeping in class.
Yanni decided to tell on Skura.
Yanni is sleeping in class.
The teacher looked Yanni's way.
Yanni would never sleep in class.
The teacher caught Yanni sleeping in class.
Yanni shouldn't be sleeping in class.
In the Chinese calendar, each year is based on an animal.
Yanni considers himself a fairly good student.
Berber was Yanni's first class each morning.
Yanni was exhausted and started feeling sleepy.
Yanni fell a sleep in a history class.
Yanni has a soft voice.
Yanni had a soothing voice.
Yanni's voice was so soft and soothing.
Yanni had trouble falling asleep.
Yanni is right there.
Yanni is a meth addict.
Yanni is going to stay awake today.
Yanni gave Skura a reassuring thumbs up.
Yanni got sleepy waiting for Skura's call.
Skura got sleepy and went to bed.
He's totally in love with that gypsy girl.
Yanni got sleepy while driving.
After about five minutes, I began to feel sleepy.
When he felt sleepy, he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Get off your soapbox.
Although he felt sleepy, he continued to drive.
After a two hour speech everyone was tired of the soapbox orator.
Yanni smelt really bad.
He often felt sleepy during the day.
Yanni's skin condition isn't contagious.
I planted three rows of potatoes.
In order to prevent rickets the doctor prescribed insolation.
These difficult times have me feeling downbeat.
I was born on Atlantis.
Kittens are too adorable.
I am not cute!
He said that swabbing your own throat was ill-advised.
Tom was startled awake by the air-raid siren.
The rungs of the ladder were reportedly replaced with dull knives in order to train one's fortitude.
Some people don't feel the need to use hair conditioner.
Bears are known for their predictive dormancy.
I never pay in cash.
With a hermetic seal there is no need to worry about the ingress of moisture.
Vocabulary is an important asset in the study of a foreign language.
The professer carefully prepared the materials for the lecture, down to the smallest ancillary page.
Here's your receipt, sir.
The clarity of the tax code was good enough to become the archetype of perspicuous writing in the lawyer's cohort.
Usually only one eye is affected.
You’ll find our office on the first floor.
The ritual nature of smoking makes nicotine dependence difficult to overcome.
Roughly 90% of energy is lost between trophic levels.
A trophic cascade led to an increase in livestock attacks as predators sought out alternative sources of food.
In the paddock by the riding school there are two horses.
The politician earnestly argued for the return of state-sanctioned buccaneering.
Without sufficient grease the machine will seize up easily.
Due to improper procedures, the foundry had an excess of slag in the crucible.
Indentured servitude is often contrasted with chattel slavery.
She held out the wine glass expecting someone to clink it.
The heft of the titanium cube was unmatched.
The chimp's eyes narrowed, ready to hurtle the stone at the slightest provocation.
Despite having one hand she laboriously gathered the scattered nuts and bolts.
I am going to take out money.
Nothing is more important to me than you.
Birds are flying straight into the sky.
Never travelling leads to an insular worldview.
I really wanted the job.
Inability to disprove a theory does not mean it is right.
High wind can cause a sand dune to swallow up a young child unexpectedly.
The plausible deniability associated with hacking has ushered in an era of cyber warfare.
Cashflow is the most important aspect of keeping a business financially afloat.
Without any healthy coping mechanisms it is possible that a patient will begin to dissociate pathologically.
Being a psychoactive agent, a hallucinogen can cause you to dissociate.
While I don't want to trivialize your concerns, is all of this really necessary?
Stuck without an inhaler, the only thing he could do was wheeze.
An accomplished aviarist can recognise any avian squawk.
Will you be going to the dance with Sonya?
Tom suggested we do it tomorrow.
There's more to Georgia than Tbilisi.
The thought of powdered sugar makes my skin crawl.
In the winter, when my hair gets dry, I look like a porcupine.
Men don't wear vests much these days.
Do you see Natasha in the back row?
The song "Katyusha" was written by Mikhail Isakovsky and Matvei Blanter.
Weasels eat great numbers of rodents.
After reading Tom's letter, Mary burst out crying.
After reading Tom's letter, Mary started crying.
Postmodernism is different from modernism.
Modern architecture disturbs some people.
Tom reached the end of the road.
That ingredient seems to me to spoil the taste.
I will try to be on time.
Yaakov is a secular Jew.
Water was running down the windshield.
Jacob is a secular Jew.
Matthew is a secular Christian.
I know it's that stupid Dan who told you that.
She was wearing high heels and she slipped.
Hannah is a Reform Jew.
Peace is on the horizon.
There are things I need to do.
There are things I have to do.
There are things that I need to do.
A pinto horse is readily sold.
Like dolphins or hominids, elephants also have a consciousness of self.
I no longer wonder about anything.
The harmonium, accordion and mouth organ are aerophones with vibrating reeds.
Do you believe in universal disarmament?
George is my only foreign friend.
He is alive and was here. I saw Tom with my own eyes.
I don't have a driving licence yet.
We both were drunk.
Both of us were drunk.
I must go now, but I will come back.
I must go now, but I will return.
I've already been here for months.
Well, the night is young, isn't it?
We landed at Charles de Gaulle.
Tom has kept his feelings for Mary to himself.
We were supposed to land at LaGuardia.
I'd rather use olive oil than butter.
In my family we used to eat out for Sunday lunch.
Hey you, don’t run!
You don't think Tom really could have done that, do you?
Who’ll travel to the Philippines? What a tropical paradise!
At one point in time we were enemies, but we concluded a peace and now have a good relationship with each other.
Put it into the box, please.
God is God and religion is religion.
What year were you born in?
If it were a colder Summer, I wouldn't mind it at all.
Do you like pepper?
They risk their lives on their way to school.
Yanni is not a linguist but he did study linguistics in college.
An apartheid state can't possibly be democratic.
A racist state can't possibly be democratic.
I won't go to that shop anymore. They have ripped me off there several times.
Their only crime was that they were Muslim.
We will cross the street now.
I won't go over to them.
The soldier banged our heads against each other.
The soldiers tortured him in front of his wife and daughters.
The soldiers took him out of his bed and beat him up in front of his wife and children.
The soldiers kicked and beat his eldest son in front of him.
The soldiers took his eldest son to the courtyard and proceeded to beat him up.
His daughter was continuously beaten by the soldiers.
His daughter was beaten and raped in front of him.
There can't be democracy with this apartheid wall.
There can't be justice with this apartheid wall.
There can't be any peace with this apartheid wall.
I was born in Scotland.
There can't be a peace plan with this apartheid wall.
This apartheid wall is humiliating millions of people on their own land.
I want an ice cream with a lot of whipped cream.
"How's the sound?" "Great."
"How's the sound?" "I can't hear anything."
"How's the sound?" "I can't hear you."
This recipe is very easy.
Tom is always up for a chinwag.
You cannot shoot and kill the BDS Movement.
The BDS Movement can't be shot and killed.
The BDS Movement cannot be defeated.
No regime is eternal.
The BDS Movement can't be ignored.
I love fresh bread.
Free Catalonia!
You cannot shackle the BDSM community and beat it into submission.
Free Occitania!
Free Scotland!
Free Wales!
Free Kurdistan!
"I love stale bread." "That's weird."
We're fostering two kittens.
Could you help me beat this boss?
Free Cornwall!
I felt sorry for Skura.
He felt sorry for Skura.
She felt sorry for Skura.
Mira felt sorry for Skura.
Yanni and Mira felt sorry for Skura.
Mira and Silya felt sorry for Skura.
They felt sorry for Skura.
I felt I was going to die.
Skura felt she was going to die.
Yanni and Skura felt they were going to die.
Skura and Nuja felt they were going to die.
I survived unharmed.
He survived unharmed.
She survived unharmed.
Skura survived unharmed.
Yanni and Skura survived unharmed.
Skura and Nuja survived unharmed.
They survived unharmed.
Should we eat together one of these days?
Yanni checked the oil.
Skura checked the oil.
Yanni and Skura checked the oil.
Skura and Nuja checked the oil.
They checked the oil.
I cooked spaghetti.
He cooked spaghetti.
She cooked spaghetti.
Skura cooked spaghetti.
Yanni and Skura cooked spaghetti.
Skura and Nuja cooked spaghetti.
They cooked spaghetti.
He knew that this would happen.
She knew that this would happen.
Skura knew that this would happen.
Yanni and Skura knew that this would happen.
Skura and Nuja knew that this would happen.
They knew that this would happen.
I listened carefully to Skura.
Free Brittany!
Do you want to have a barbecue this evening?
He listened carefully to Skura.
She listened carefully to Skura.
Yanni and Nuja listened carefully to Skura.
Nuja and Mira listened carefully to Skura.
They listened carefully to Skura.
I'm spent.
Skura lived alone.
Yanni and Skura lived alone.
Nuja and Mira lived alone.
They lived alone.
I lost all my hair.
He lost all his hair.
She lost all her hair.
Mary was studying.
Skura lost all her hair.
Yanni and Skura lost all their hair.
Mary can't resist getting on her soapbox whenever the topic comes up.
Nuja and Mira lost all their hair.
They lost all their hair.
He lost kilograms.
She lost kilograms.
Skura lost kilograms.
Yanni and Skura lost kilograms.
Skura and Nuja lost kilograms.
They lost kilograms.
They love to be alone.
Mustafa, come home.
We should show respect to elderly people.
Watch his face when we name a price.
Look at the reaction on his face when we bring up a price.
Keep an eye on the reaction on his face when we bring up a price.
Skura lost her job on Monday.
Yanni and Skura lost their job on Monday.
Skura and Nuja lost their job on Monday.
They lost their job on Monday.
Yanni lived in Algeria for four years.
I managed to escape from prison.
He managed to escape from prison.
She managed to escape from prison.
Skura managed to escape from prison.
Yanni and Skura managed to escape from prison.
Skura and Nuja managed to escape from prison.
They managed to escape from prison.
"He lost two kilograms." "That's not very much." "Are you kidding? The mafia wants his head."
I escaped from prison.
She escaped from prison.
Yanni and Skura escaped from prison.
Skura and Nuja escaped from prison.
"Am I allowed to swear on this show?" "Sure." "The president is a shithead."
I paid for it all.
I'm religious, but not spiritual.
He paid for it all.
She paid for it all.
Yanni and Skura paid for it all.
Skura paid for it all.
Skura and Nuja paid for it all.
They paid for it all.
He recovered from his illness.
She recovered from her illness.
Skura recovered from her illness.
Yanni and Skura recovered from their illness.
Skura and Nuja recovered from their illness.
They recovered from their illness.
I recovered from my wounds.
He recovered from his wounds.
She recovered from her wounds.
Skura recovered from her wounds.
Yanni and Skura recovered from their wounds.
Skura and Nuja recovered from their wounds.
They recovered from their wounds.
I remained in Algiers.
He remained in Algiers.
Skura remained in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura remained in Algiers.
Skura and Nuja remained in Algiers.
They remained in Algiers.
I remembered it all.
He remembered it all.
She remembered it all.
Skura remembered it all.
Yanni and Skura remembered it all.
Skura and Nuja remembered it all.
They remembered it all.
I spoke very well.
She spoke very well.
Why are you crying, Yanni? It's just a movie.
Skura spoke very well.
Yanni and Skura spoke very well.
You are not allowed to take anything.
Skura and Nuja spoke very well.
They spoke very well.
They don't speak perfect Berber.
I stayed in the water.
He stayed in the water.
She stayed in the water.
Skura stayed in the water.
Who earns less money, teachers or nurses?
Yanni and Skura stayed in the water.
Skura and Nuja stayed in the water.
They stayed in the water.
I start to teach again next week.
I talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
He talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
I start teaching again next week.
Yanni and Nuja talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
Nuja and Mira talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
They talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
I talked Skura into donating some money.
He talked Skura into donating some money.
She talked Skura into donating some money.
Nuja talked Skura into donating some money.
Yanni and Nuja talked Skura into donating some money.
Nuja and Mira talked Skura into donating some money.
They talked Skura into donating some money.
I tried to help the old lady.
He tried to help the old lady.
She tried to help the old lady.
Skura tried to help the old lady.
Yanni and Skura tried to help the old lady.
Skura and Nuja tried to help the old lady.
They tried to help the old lady.
Fascists like Naima Salhi and the separatists are promoting ethno-nationalist ideas.
I understood what Skura meant.
He understood what Skura meant.
She understood what Skura meant.
Nuja understood what Skura meant.
Yanni and Nuja understood what Skura meant.
Nuja and Mira understood what Skura meant.
They understood what Skura meant.
I waited up for Skura.
He waited up for Skura.
She waited up for Skura.
Yanni and Nuja waited up for Skura.
Nuja and Mira waited up for Skura.
They waited up for Skura.
Naima Salhi and the separatists are known for their racist views.
I danced with Skura.
He danced with Skura.
It seems that fascists like the followers of Naima Salhi and the separatists are determined to be a visible force, however, they're very unpopular, despised and totally marginalized on the Algerian political scene.
She danced with Skura.
Nuja danced with Skura.
Moralists are people who scratch themselves in places where others are itching.
Yanni and Nuja danced with Skura.
Nuja and Mira danced with Skura.
They danced with Skura.
We're hunting ghosts.
Algerians don't want to live this way.
Cats sleep a lot.
This violates the values of the Algerian constitution.
I followed Skura home.
He followed Skura home.
She followed Skura home.
The emperor swore to crush the separatists once and for all.
Nuja followed Skura home.
Yanni and Nuja followed Skura home.
Nuja and Mira followed Skura home.
They followed Skura home.
The emperor cackled maniacally.
I hurried back into the house.
He hurried back into the house.
She hurried back into the house.
Skura hurried back into the house.
Yanni and Skura hurried back into the house.
Skura and Nuja hurried back into the house.
They hurried back into the house.
I hurried out into the street.
He hurried out into the street.
Skura hurried out into the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried out into the street.
Skura and Nuja hurried out into the street.
They hurried out into the street.
I hurried over to Skura's house.
He hurried over to Skura's house.
She hurried over to Skura's house.
Nuja hurried over to Skura's house.
Yanni and Nuja hurried over to Skura's house.
Nuja and Mira hurried over to Skura's house.
They hurried over to Skura's house.
The BDS Movement can't be defeated.
I have faith in the BDS Movement.
The BDS Movement is peaceful and can in no way be defeated.
Ilan Pappe and I believe in the BDS Movement.
Ilan Pappe and I support the BDS Movement.
Ilan Pappe and I have faith in the BDS Movement.
I hurried across the street.
He hurried across the street.
She hurried across the street.
We're living in the city.
Naima Salhi and the separatists everyday pump hate speech out on social media to huge audiences.
Skura hurried across the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried across the street.
Skura and Nuja hurried across the street.
They hurried across the street.
I hurried to catch the train.
She hurried to catch the train.
Skura hurried to catch the train.
Yanni and Skura hurried to catch the train.
Skura and Nuja hurried to catch the train.
They hurried to catch the train.
Naima Salhi's hate speech is despicable and disgusting.
Lakhdar Benkoula's racist Facebook page is despicable and disgusting.
Noureddine Khettal is a media clown.
I hurried along the street.
He hurried along the street.
She hurried along the street.
Skura hurried along the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried along the street.
Skura and Nuja hurried along the street.
They hurried along the street.
I screamed at Skura.
He screamed at Skura.
Nuja screamed at Skura.
Yanni and Nuja screamed at Skura.
Nuja and Mira screamed at Skura.
They screamed at Skura.
I screamed and ran out of the room.
He screamed and ran out of the room.
She screamed and ran out of the room.
Skura screamed and ran out of the room.
Yanni and Skura screamed and ran out of the room.
Skura and Nuja screamed and ran out of the room.
They screamed and ran out of the room.
Donald Trump was not elected democratically.
Donald Trump has spent his entire illegitimate term without majority approval.
I shared my lunch with Skura.
He shared his lunch with Skura.
She shared her lunch with Skura.
Nuja shared her lunch with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja shared their lunch with Skura.
Nuja and Mira shared their lunch with Skura.
They shared their lunch with Skura.
What fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists are promoting is dangerous.
I shot at Skura.
He shot at Skura.
She shot at Skura.
Yanni and Nuja shot at Skura.
Nuja and Mira shot at Skura.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists are hatemongers.
They shot at Skura.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists are poison salesmen.
What fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists say is ludicrous.
I sang some old songs.
She sang some old songs.
Yanni and Skura sang some old songs.
Skura sang some old songs.
Skura and Nuja sang some old songs.
They sang some old songs.
I agreed to come.
She agreed to come.
Skura agreed to come.
Yanni and Skura agreed to come.
Skura and Nuja agreed to come.
They agreed to come.
I resigned this week.
He resigned this week.
She resigned this week.
Skura resigned this week.
Yanni and Skura resigned this week.
Skura and Nuja resigned this week.
They resigned this week.
Islamophobia is rising in the US.
They don't understand Islam.
They speak quite negatively about Islam.
Some people want to ban the Quran in their countries.
I swam for two hours this afternoon.
He swam for two hours this afternoon.
She swam for two hours this afternoon.
Naima Salhi's hate speech could lead to inter-community violence.
Skura swam for two hours this afternoon.
Yanni and Skura swam for two hours this afternoon.
Skura and Nuja swam for two hours this afternoon.
They swam for two hours this afternoon.
I swam across the bay.
He swam across the bay.
She swam across the bay.
Skura swam across the bay.
Yanni and Skura swam across the bay.
Skura and Nuja swam across the bay.
I ate well.
Skura ate well.
Yanni and Skura ate well.
Skura and Nuja ate well.
They ate well.
I was furious with Skura.
He was furious with Skura.
She was furious with Skura.
Nuja was furious with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were furious with Skura.
Nuja and Mira were furious with Skura.
They were furious with Skura.
He often appears on CNN.
I've been teaching Berber since 2004.
I helped Skura get ready.
He helped Skura get ready.
She helped Skura get ready.
Naima Salhi is a textbook fascist.
Nuja helped Skura get ready.
Yanni and Nuja helped Skura get ready.
After her mother's lecture, Mary looked suitably chastened.
Nuja and Mira helped Skura get ready.
He tried to scam me, but I told him to shove it.
They helped Skura get ready.
Tom was so universally disliked that he didn't receive one card from a well-wisher when he was hospitalized.
I prefer my desk to remain uncluttered, so I store everything away in its drawers.
Ever since that Christmas party, she has sworn off alcohol.
When you buy something online, you never know if it will be the real McCoy or some cheap knockoff.
The writers were forced to wrap up the show in a hurry, so they just had everyone pair off and live happily ever after.
Tom's ill-informed financial decisions nearly led to his ruin.
She called for help on her short-range radio, but there was no answer.
You have to click through reams of legal boilerplate to sign up for any web site, these days.
Tom's joke was well past its sell-by date.
All she wants to talk about is her prize-winning rose bush.
Tom can get a bit shouty if you make a mistake.
The software won't run if the anti-piracy dongle isn't plugged in.
They decided to push ahead with the plan, despite our objections.
He began to gesticulate wildly, as though that would make them understand.
In case of the apocalypse, I plan to hole up in a department store and live on canned beans.
Some people claim that algorithms are amoral, but they reflect the biases of their creators and the data that was fed into them.
In the nineties, every computer started coming with a sound card, which really kicked off PC gaming.
My computer's fan started spinning with a soft whirr.
Some people follow their kids around with a camcorder as though every squeak is a star-studded performance.
It's easy for safety precautions to slip your mind when you're in a hurry.
My bedroom is on the south-facing side of the house, so it gets a lot of sun.
You won't believe how he can contort the meaning of 'truth'.
She was fine.
It may not be easy, but this problem is tractable.
Skura was fine.
Yanni and Skura were fine.
There has been a lot of disagreement about exactly how many bytes are in a kilobyte.
Skura and Nuja were fine.
You need to have thick skin, if you want to argue politics on the internet.
We managed to cobble together a solution, but it isn't pretty.
Tom made a creditable attempt at dissuading Mary, but she was determined.
We love Muslims and there is nothing wrong with that.
She was there.
Skura was there.
Naima Salhi's display of hatred is widely condemned.
Yanni and Skura were there.
Skura and Nuja were there.
They attend this mosque.
Yanni and Skura attend the same mosque.
Idiot, I wonder if he would think the same if he lost a loved one to the virus.
I was happy to be home again.
One of the girls was wearing hijab.
He was happy to be home again.
She was happy to be home again.
Skura was happy to be home again.
Yanni and Skura were happy to be home again.
Skura and Nuja were happy to be home again.
They were happy to be home again.
The hate speech of fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists is thriving on Facebook.
I went down to the third floor.
He went down to the third floor.
She went down to the third floor.
Yanni and Skura went down to the third floor.
"America is a white country." "What did you say?" "Go back to Africa." "Go back to Europe."
"America is a Christian country." "What did you say?" "Go back to the Middle East." "Go back to Europe."
"America is a Christian country." "Say again?" "Go back to the Middle East." "My name is Carol Knudsen and I'm from New Jersey."
Skura and Nuja went down to the third floor.
They went down to the third floor.
I went livid.
He went livid.
She went livid.
Yanni and Skura went livid.
Skura and Nuja went livid.
They went livid.
I went away without saying a word.
She went away without saying a word.
Skura went away without saying a word.
My dad takes me to school in his car.
Yanni and Skura went away without saying a word.
I get thirsty every night.
Skura and Nuja went away without saying a word.
They went away without saying a word.
I alerted the authorities.
He alerted the authorities.
I made soup using a large pan.
She alerted the authorities.
Skura alerted the authorities.
Yanni and Skura alerted the authorities.
Many people write about their daily life.
Skura and Nuja alerted the authorities.
They alerted the authorities.
I was alright.
He was alright.
She was alright.
Skura was alright.
I've never seen a baby stegosaurus.
Yanni and Skura were alright.
Skura and Nuja were alright.
They were alright.
Josh is a veteran of three keyboard wars.
I was angry to find the door locked.
He was angry to find the door locked.
Yanni and Skura were angry to find the door locked.
Skura was angry to find the door locked.
Skura and Nuja were angry to find the door locked.
They were angry to find the door locked.
I was angry with Skura.
He was angry with Skura.
She was angry with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were angry with Skura.
He has barely started out in life.
Nuja and Mira were angry with Skura.
They were angry with Skura.
"Chicken or fish for you?" "I want some of both."
"Chicken or fish for you?" "I want both."
Tony missed the lottery by one number.
Charlotte suffers from stress eating.
Rebecca has gained a lot of weight and grown a double chin recently.
Kath is as fat as a pig.
Joe's car broke down on a railroad track.
Steve's motorbike broke down in the tunnel.
Bernie is a total joke.
Donald put his spurs to his horse and took off.
The Ferris wheel broke down when Bill was at the top of it.
Judith spends all of her time here except sleeping, eating and going to the bathroom.
I don't like the tone of your voice.
I've lost track of the days.
You've come a long way in a short time.
Something is fishy here.
We still have business to attend to.
Brazil needs more doctors.
I remember all my teachers.
She's a glamor girl.
We are always waiting for better times.
A year consists of four seasons.
On this site, there are many useful articles.
Birds are now flying in the sky.
Be free, crazy, and happy!
Eagles do not hunt flies.
The dog doesn't see the cat.
Now we can be happy.
I understood she was American from her accent.
I figured out she was American by her accent.
I said that I will not help her.
This household is perfect.
Tom will probably become very nervous.
Tom will probably get very nervous.
He had forgotten his grocery list.
She was afraid to say it to her parents.
He was run over and then died.
He was run over and died because of it.
Do you seriously mean that?
Is childhood actually the most beloved age?
Is childhood actually the most beloved time?
Sorry, I have to fart.
Excuse me, I have to fart.
Pardon me, I have to fart.
Tom doesn't seem like a teacher at all.
Tom doesn't look like a teacher at all.
The dog pulled on the leash.
When I am at work, I am a very orderly person.
When I am at work, I am a very tidy person.
When I am working, I am a very tidy person.
He's in the restroom.
You'll find our office on the second floor.
Tom declared himself President of Venezuela.
Tom declared himself President of Bolivia.
Tom is implacable.
Tom's stubborn.
We weren't afraid of anyone.
Could they send her a brochure?
Can they send him a brochure?
He spent the night lying on the grass, gazing at the stars.
Bob has given Tina almost his entire stamp collection, keeping only a few for himself.
Bob gave Tina almost his entire stamp collection, keeping only a few for himself.
He spent the entire night before the exam revising.
He revised all night on the eve of the exam.
He studied all night on the eve of the exam.
The bananas are still green.
He has been sick.
He has vomited.
He's been vomiting.
He's beside himself.
She's beside herself.
He wrote that?
That's what he wrote?
The task has robbed him of all energy.
The task has been robbing him of all energy.
The task robbed him of all energy.
They had dizzy spells.
They had vertigo.
They were dizzy.
They felt dizzy.
It'll rain any minute now.
It'll rain any minute.
You were driving the car.
You drove the car.
This lasagne is piping hot!
This lasagne is very hot!
You just need to wait here.
You've just got to wait here.
You have to just wait here.
It has to be explained to them who you are.
The barrel is full.
You'll be asked a lot of questions.
You'll get a lot of questions.
A lot of questions will be put to you.
The young woman monitors the production process from start to finish.
The young woman is monitoring the production process from start to finish.
The young woman keeps a check on the production process from start to finish.
"Is it all right if I join you?" "Of course."
By reducing the distance between producers and consumers, you lower the cost of transporting the goods and thereby the sale price.
By reducing the distance between producers and consumers the transport costs are lowered, which in turn lowers the sale price of the goods.
You only dreamt you heard it.
Do you think you can remember the way home?
The door has opened by itself.
He has promised not to do that any more.
He's promised not to do that any more.
He promised not to do that any more.
The chrysanthemums smell nice.
Chrysanthemums smell nice.
She strapped herself in.
They greeted Sophie.
Everyone knows he'd be the last person to break a promise.
You wrote the report.
All is not yet lost.
The batteries don't work, even though they're new.
The batteries aren't working, even though they're new.
You need to put your mind on something else.
He was banging his head against a brick wall.
She needs time to unwind.
He needs time to unwind.
The bridge is having maintenance work done to it.
The bridge is undergoing maintenance work.
He's a good cook.
Forgetting the past is no easy task.
You can play outside if you don't make yourself dirty.
She knows all that.
No one has been able to find the answer.
No one was able to find the answer.
What do you think she's doing at the moment?
What do you think he's doing at the moment?
She doesn't know how she should answer.
You were injured.
The book isn't about linguistics.
The book's not about linguistics.
You rang your sister.
You phoned your sister.
You were ringing your sister.
You were phoning your sister.
He thinks you need more sleep.
He thinks you should sleep more.
She taught for twenty years.
He taught for twenty years.
The summer holidays are over too soon.
Shortly before his wedding, he decided not to get married.
Not long before his wedding he decided not to get married.
Have you tried measuring the pressure?
Have you tried to measure the pressure?
You've found the way in.
You've found the entrance.
The street is deserted today.
The street is empty today.
Graham Greene is one of my favourite authors.
She speaks English outstandingly well.
If she knew his telephone number, she could ring him.
If she knew his telephone number, she could phone him.
If she knew his telephone number, she would be able to phone him.
If she knew his telephone number, she'd be able to ring him.
He can't see any further than the end of his nose.
He sees no further than the end of his nose.
That's the cheaper of the two.
The house was so old that there was still a calendar from hanging inside.
Marco always wears glasses.
The fizzy drink is cold.
No, not a bit.
The packet of sugar has holes in it.
This packet of sugar has holes in it.
She has written a book and dedicated it to her mother Sidonie.
She wrote a book, dedicating it to her mother Sidonie.
That shop sells a lot of imported items.
Have you lost your way?
The road runs along the river.
It's better if you do what she says.
You don't know.
He was a very refined man, but he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
He was a very cultured man, though he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
The doctor has asked Mr Smith to stop smoking.
The doctor asked Mr Smith to stop smoking.
He claims he can remember his time in the womb perfectly.
Juan's got a scar on his left cheek.
Juan has a scar on his left cheek.
If it rained a bit harder, it might cause floods.
If it were to rain a bit harder, it might cause floods.
The weather's better than yesterday.
Does he drink milk?
Those are things that really make you think.
They're things that really make you think.
They're things that really give you pause for thought.
He went out even though it was raining.
Does he do any kind of sport?
Does he practise any kind of sport?
You like watching telly.
You like watching television.
They like watching telly.
They like watching television.
He's not as strong as he used to be.
Are these eggs fresh?
She loves this game.
You talk for the sake of talking.
You're talking for the sake of it.
You talk for the sake of it.
You're talking without saying anything.
You speak without saying anything.
Seeing that it was raining, Tom took his brolly.
Seeing that it was raining, Tom took his umbrella.
It wasn't as cold yesterday.
It wasn't so cold yesterday.
She looked at her watch and realised it had already gone five.
He looked at his watch and realised it had already gone five.
Coffee with milk makes you fat.
Are you drinking milk?
Is he drinking milk?
Peace be onto you.
Peace be on you.
These are Muslims.
Muslims believe in one God.
Yanni came to Islam in 2004.
Yanni converted to Islam at age 40.
Yanni converted to Islam at age forty.
Yanni was chasing a position.
Yanni asked God to help him.
Yanni asked God to guide him.
Yanni asked God for guidance.
Yanni spent four years investigating Islam.
Praise to God.
Yanni's town isn't very far from Mecca.
Yanni helped Skura to convert to Islam.
Yanni is not as young as he used to be.
Yanni attained the age of 94.
Yanni never really adjusted to Catholicism.
He spent a year in Algiers, learning Berber.
He came back to Algeria for a short time.
He went to Algeria for a short time.
He never met any Muslims in Hong Kong.
He worked in Algeria for a while.
He went back to Algeria again.
Ta!
Those trainers are ugly.
Those trainers are gorgeous.
Those trainers are lush.
Yanni went back to Algeria again.
Yanni got back to Algeria.
Nobody forced him to convert to Islam.
I think that the Muslim religion is the only true religion.
Nobody twisted Yanni's arm to become a Muslim.
He was quite religious.
Yanni introduced Skura to the Islamic center.
Yanni converted to Islam on the 4th of April, 2004.
It's been almost years since the war ended.
Yanni converted to Islam and it was the best thing that he has ever done.
Yanni knew that straightforward.
Yanni has always believed in God.
Yanni has a lot of experience in Algeria.
Yanni learned a lot about the Muslim faith.
Yanni has never been a gambler.
Those sneakers are great.
Yanni is not a greedy person.
Those sneakers are gorgeous.
Those sneakers are ugly.
Yanni gave up his former religion and converted to Islam.
Yanni lives by himself.
Yanni went to Islamic center.
Yanni only became a Muslim in April.
Why did Yanni become a Muslim?
Yanni looked to Ziri like his father.
Yanni wants to be close to God.
There is a creator behind all this universe.
Let's see what's inside.
Algeria is undergoing a big building boom.
I came in.
She came in.
Skura came in.
Yanni and Skura came in.
Skura and Nuja came in.
I came inside.
Skura came inside.
Yanni and Skura came inside.
Skura and Nuja came inside.
They came inside.
I came over.
She came over.
Skura came over.
Yanni and Skura came over.
Skura and Nuja came over.
They came over.
He came yesterday.
She came yesterday.
Algiers is close to my heart.
Yanni and Skura came yesterday.
Skura and Nuja came yesterday.
They came yesterday.
Skura came last.
Yanni and Skura came last.
Skura and Nuja came last.
They came last.
I came upstairs.
She came upstairs.
Skura came upstairs.
Yanni and Skura came upstairs.
Skura and Nuja came upstairs.
I came outside.
She came outside.
Skura came outside.
Yanni and Skura came outside.
Skura and Nuja came outside.
They came outside.
I came late.
She came late.
Yanni and Skura came late.
Skura and Nuja came late.
They came late.
I came out.
He came out.
She came out.
I won't believe it until I see it.
Skura came out.
Yanni and Skura came out.
Skura and Nuja came out.
They came out.
He came back early.
Anthony sings.
This sentence isn’t correct, is it?
She came back early.
Skura came back early.
Yanni and Skura came back early.
Skura and Nuja came back early.
They came back early.
She came in first.
Skura came in first.
Yanni and Skura came in first.
Skura and Nuja came in first.
They came in first.
I came home crying.
He came home crying.
Skura came home crying.
Yanni and Skura came home crying.
Skura and Nuja came home crying.
They came home crying.
I came by earlier.
He came by earlier.
She came by earlier.
Skura came by earlier.
Yanni and Skura came by earlier.
Skura and Nuja came by earlier.
They came by earlier.
I came back downstairs.
He came back downstairs.
She came back downstairs.
The orchid is Singapore's national flower.
Skura came back downstairs.
Yanni and Skura came back downstairs.
Skura and Nuja came back downstairs.
They came back downstairs.
I stopped by.
She stopped by.
Skura stopped by.
Yanni and Skura stopped by.
Skura and Nuja stopped by.
They stopped by.
I stopped clapping.
He stopped clapping.
Skura stopped clapping.
Yanni and Skura stopped clapping.
Skura and Nuja stopped clapping.
They stopped clapping.
I stopped here.
She stopped here.
Skura stopped here.
Yanni and Skura stopped here.
Skura and Nuja stopped here.
They stopped here.
She ran for mayor.
Skura ran for mayor.
Yanni and Skura ran for mayor.
Skura and Nuja ran for mayor.
They ran for mayor.
He ran for cover.
She ran for cover.
Skura ran for cover.
Come on guys, chop-chop! We're already late.
Yanni and Skura ran for cover.
Skura and Nuja ran for cover.
They ran for cover.
I ran for it.
She ran for it.
Skura ran for it.
Yanni and Skura ran for it.
Skura and Nuja ran for it.
They ran for it.
I ran for the door.
He ran for the door.
Skura ran for the door.
Yanni and Skura ran for the door.
Skura and Nuja ran for the door.
They ran for the door.
She ran outside.
Skura ran outside.
Yanni and Skura ran outside.
Skura and Nuja ran outside.
She ran upstairs.
Skura ran upstairs.
Yanni and Skura ran upstairs.
Skura and Nuja ran upstairs.
He ran downstairs.
Skura ran downstairs.
She ran downstairs.
Yanni and Skura ran downstairs.
Skura and Nuja ran downstairs.
They ran downstairs.
I ran after Skura.
He ran after Skura.
She ran after Skura.
Nuja ran after Skura.
Yanni and Nuja ran after Skura.
Nuja and Mira ran after Skura.
They ran after Skura.
I ran back upstairs.
He ran back upstairs.
She ran back upstairs.
Skura ran back upstairs.
Yanni and Skura ran back upstairs.
Skura and Nuja ran back upstairs.
They ran back upstairs.
This is something Algeria can really be proud of.
He ran back inside.
She ran back inside.
Skura ran back inside.
Yanni and Skura ran back inside.
Skura and Nuja ran back inside.
They ran back inside.
I ran past Skura.
He ran past Skura.
She ran past Skura.
Nuja ran past Skura.
Yanni and Nuja ran past Skura.
The camera was lowered into the shaft.
Nuja and Mira ran past Skura.
They ran past Skura.
The eye of the master fattens his cattle.
No eye like a master's.
He ran to school.
She ran to school.
Skura ran to school.
Yanni and Skura ran to school.
Skura and Nuja ran to school.
They ran to school.
I ran into debt.
She ran into debt.
Skura ran into debt.
Yanni and Skura ran into debt.
Skura and Nuja ran into debt.
They ran into debt.
The road is closed to traffic.
She ran out of water.
Skura ran out of water.
Yanni and Skura ran out of water.
Skura and Nuja ran out of water.
They ran out of water.
I ran into trouble.
He ran into trouble.
She ran into trouble.
Skura ran into trouble.
Yanni and Skura ran into trouble.
Skura and Nuja ran into trouble.
They ran into trouble.
Skura ran out of time.
Yanni and Skura ran out of time.
Skura and Nuja ran out of time.
They ran out of time.
I was born in the thirties.
We'll be going in a group of three. How many will you be?
When she finally decided to appear on the stage, the public greeted her with whistles.
This is an adjective, not a noun.
This isn't a noun; it's an adjective.
In reality, I'm extremely allergic to dogs!
These kinds of examples show you that what we are generally told about languages doesn't come anywhere close to the truth.
Could I talk to you one-on-one?
It's you who carried that out.
It's you who made that a reality.
He won't let you out.
Long Live His Imperial Majesty!
Long Live Her Imperial Majesty!
Penguins aren't fish; they're birds.
Penguins are birds, not fish.
You dislike your own voice.
Their husbands are Polish.
He's rich and generous.
We've been accused of theft.
We were accused of theft.
But you didn't even know him!
I get the impression you have no other choice.
I get the impression that you don't have any other choice.
This time they asked me.
This time I was asked.
I like how she sends me postcards.
Rain washes the sidewalks.
Better to go without salt than to use too much.
I don't have the document you're requesting on hand right now.
I already knew.
I already knew it.
She could have known the answer.
It's you all who made that a reality.
It's you guys who made that a reality.
We'll never be able to come back.
I'm not less than you.
I am not less than you.
They'll keep saying what they want.
Skura ran into the room.
You'll keep saying what you want.
Yanni and Skura ran into the room.
Skura and Nuja ran into the room.
They ran into the room.
She ran down the stairs.
It isn't true that you're as good a swimmer as she is.
It's not true that you're as good a swimmer as she is.
Skura ran down the stairs.
The time has passed.
Yanni and Skura ran down the stairs.
Skura and Nuja ran down the stairs.
They ran down the stairs.
I figured.
Skura ran up the stairs.
Yanni and Skura ran up the stairs.
Their spouses are Polish.
Skura and Nuja ran up the stairs.
They ran up the stairs.
She ran away from home.
Skura ran away from home.
What kind of dog does Yanni have?
Yanni and Skura ran away from home.
Skura and Nuja ran away from home.
They ran away from home.
Yanni might get angry over that.
I was dazzled by the sun.
He ran down the hill.
She ran down the hill.
There are mirrors in the changing room.
Skura ran down the hill.
Yanni and Skura ran down the hill.
Skura and Nuja ran down the hill.
They ran down the hill.
There are mirrors in the dressing room.
I ran down the hall.
He ran down the hall.
She ran down the hall.
Yanni grew up for the most part in Algiers.
Skura ran down the hall.
Yanni and Skura ran down the hall.
I want to earn a lot.
Skura and Nuja ran down the hall.
That bicycle isn't yours.
They ran down the hall.
He ran a red light.
She ran a red light.
Skura ran a red light.
Yanni and Skura ran a red light.
This bicycle isn't yours.
Skura and Nuja ran a red light.
They ran a red light.
He ran across the field.
She ran across the field.
Skura ran across the field.
Yanni and Skura ran across the field.
He lives in an alternate reality.
She lives in an alternate reality.
Skura and Nuja ran across the field.
They ran across the field.
I want to win big.
He painted the fence.
Hindsight is 20/20.
She painted the fence.
Yanni and Skura painted the fence.
Skura and Nuja painted the fence.
They painted the fence.
Skura needed time.
Yanni and Skura needed time.
Skura and Nuja needed time.
They needed time.
That's not something I was raised to do.
I loved bananas.
He loved bananas.
There are a lot of birds in the forest.
She loved bananas.
Yanni and Skura loved bananas.
Skura and Nuja loved bananas.
They loved bananas.
Skura called home.
Yanni and Skura called home.
Skura and Nuja called home.
They called home.
I called the neighbors.
He called the neighbors.
I'm currently living in Bejaia, Algeria.
She called the neighbors.
Yanni and Skura called the neighbors.
Skura and Nuja called the neighbors.
They called the neighbors.
I called Skura back.
He called Skura back.
She called Skura back.
Nuja called Skura back.
Yanni exited the store.
Yanni and Nuja called Skura back.
Nuja and Mira called Skura back.
They called Skura back.
When were they born?
She was upset.
Skura was upset.
Yanni and Skura were upset.
Skura and Nuja were upset.
They were upset.
I was upset about that.
He was upset about that.
She was upset about that.
Skura was upset about that.
Yanni and Skura were upset about that.
Skura and Nuja were upset about that.
They were upset about that.
I was upset with Skura.
He was upset with Skura.
She was upset with Skura.
Nuja was upset with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were upset with Skura.
Nuja and Mira were upset with Skura.
They were upset with Skura.
She was mad.
Skura was mad.
Yanni and Skura were mad.
Skura and Nuja were mad.
They were mad.
Skura cried herself to sleep as she did almost every night.
I was mad at Skura.
He was mad at Skura.
She was mad at Skura.
Nuja was mad at Skura.
They stayed friends their whole lives.
Yanni and Nuja were mad at Skura.
Nuja and Mira were mad at Skura.
They were mad at Skura.
The dove flew away.
She was late.
Skura was late.
Yanni and Skura were late.
Skura and Nuja were late.
They were late.
He was late for school.
She was late for school.
Skura was late for school.
Yanni and Skura were late for school.
Skura and Nuja were late for school.
They were late for school.
I was back in Algiers during the summer break.
He acted without anger and without sympathy.
The smell was still so bad.
He was back in Algiers during the summer break.
She was back in Algiers during the summer break.
Skura was back in Algiers during the summer break.
Yanni and Skura were back in Algiers during the summer break.
Skura and Nuja were back in Algiers during the summer break.
They were back in Algiers during the summer break.
He bought an oversized Algerian flag.
Yanni loved it here.
I loved it here.
He loved it here.
She loved it here.
Skura loved it here.
Yanni and Skura loved it here.
Skura and Nuja loved it here.
They loved it here.
Who left the lights on in the office?
Who left the office lights on?
The axle is out of true.
She stayed there forever.
She made a cake for his friend.
I am longing for you.
We've got goose pimples.
I like listening to the goldfinches singing.
Tom paid in small change.
I suffer from depression.
I have depression.
You’re not eating lunch?
We’re not dancing?
You’re not crying?
You’re not sleepy?
It’s not black, is it?
You’re not able to swim?
Don’t you see the arch?
Don’t you see the rose?
Both sentences mean the same thing.
Don’t you see a star?
You’re not sad?
You’re not American?
They should start to heat up.
They should start heating up.
Don't expect any praise for that.
I had to switch the lights on.
Are you still enjoying it?
Unless you're me, I'm not going to judge you too harshly.
If you're not me, then I probably won't judge you too harshly.
I didn't remember hearing he was Israeli.
I wasn't welcomed there.
I remember you saying something about this.
It started to rain, so I stopped mowing the lawn.
There is no point in memorizing words.
The children aren’t asleep, are they?
I’m not ugly?
You’re not avoiding me?
It is better to learn words in some context.
You’re not serious?
You’re not telling me?
You don’t like the town?
Don’t you see my son?
Don’t you see my father?
Don’t you see my brother’s garden?
The water isn’t cold, is it?
Don’t you see a little wolf?
Don’t you see the man's horse?
You’re not going there on business?
The change will be permanent.
They wanted to know how to raise a billingual child.
What I have learned didn't please me at all.
What do you like about languages?
You are not a member of the family.
Why don't you want to go to the funeral?
They have just started heating.
We have beautiful flowers in the garden.
I wasn't interested in that topic, so I left the lecture.
I haven't picked that research up in a while.
Similar things happened in other countries.
I know German was widely spoken in Hungary up until the late 19th century.
I think that'd be a good direction to look in.
We have opposing opinions about the matter.
I'm not sure about that one.
There were a lot of Western Yiddish dialects.
German Jews pronounced holam like in German Frau.
I think that can be the case with a lot of things.
It depends on how well you know someone.
Yeah, you got us.
I'll try and find a specific example.
I'll type more about it later.
They definitely have infuriated me before.
I'm online acquaintances with one of their writers.
I didn't learn much I didn't already have experience with.
It was both demoralizing and revealing.
On all counts, this is probably a good thing.
They got rid of their comments section.
I'm glad we're doing this.
The city council has requested the payment of the fine.
They don't want us to be happy.
Yanni was a stranger in Bejaia.
Yanni never belonged in Bejaia.
Yanni decided to go back to Algiers.
They could go to someone else.
They're about four weeks old.
They're about weeks old.
We've got eyedrops and an oral antibiotic to give them.
Yanni got rid of Skura's photographs.
They'll get their vaccines.
At any rate, they're sick.
But we have three cats.
Yanni destroyed Skura's photographs.
We're going to need to find a new place soon.
I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.
Yanni forgave Skura.
I'm trying to figure out whether I can leave the state.
I know some beaches have opened in some parts of the state.
I know some beaches have opened.
Just sweep it under the rug.
I forgave Skura.
It doesn't seem to ever really get to a point.
He forgave Skura.
Also, I just started mirroring that on a non-Google service.
She forgave Skura.
Nuja forgave Skura.
He's the nicest guy, or can be.
Yanni and Nuja forgave Skura.
I hope he's done.
They've known each other for years.
Nuja and Mira forgave Skura.
He got out last time, relapsed, and went back in.
They forgave Skura.
I haven't known him that long.
It's not a total surprise.
He's been quarantined for seven days.
Hopefully it's for good this time.
I think you sent that message to the wrong person.
The price blows my mind.
I haven't yet installed it.
It just came.
I went first.
It's going OK.
It's going okay.
"Are you Yanni?" "Who wants to know?" "I'm Skura, your niece."
She went first.
Skura went first.
Yanni and Skura went first.
Skura and Nuja went first.
I haven't known her that long.
They went first.
I'm longing for you.
"Thank you." "Glad I could be of help."
I hated that photo.
He hated that photo.
She hated that photo.
Skura hated that photo.
Yanni and Skura hated that photo.
Skura and Nuja hated that photo.
They hated that photo.
We have opposing opinions on the matter.
She's been quarantined for seven days.
He and Mitch McConnell are doing this on purpose; they want to kill people.
He heard.
She heard.
Skura heard.
Yanni and Skura heard.
Skura and Nuja heard.
They heard.
Yanni ran out of checks.
She kept climbing.
Skura kept climbing.
Yanni and Skura kept climbing.
Skura and Nuja kept climbing.
They kept climbing.
Skura kept quiet.
Yanni and Skura kept quiet.
Skura and Nuja kept quiet.
They kept quiet.
Yanni seduced Skura on the Internet.
She kept still.
Skura kept still.
Yanni and Skura kept still.
Skura and Nuja kept still.
They kept still.
Did you call the cops on me?
He met another female from Algeria.
Yanni and Skura kept their promise.
Skura and Nuja kept their promise.
Yanni left the car running.
They kept their promise.
What's this thingamajig for?
What's this thingy for?
Skura kept her word.
Yanni and Skura kept their word.
Yanni was drawn to Skura.
Skura and Nuja kept their word.
They kept their word.
Yanni had no idea the authorities were onto him.
Yanni purchased a house with a bad check.
I killed the spider.
He killed the spider.
She killed the spider.
Skura killed the spider.
Yanni and Skura killed the spider.
Skura and Nuja killed the spider.
They killed the spider.
He's the one who I agree with.
I planted some fruit trees.
Yanni pulled in front of the Mercedes.
When the last drop overflows the vase, the fault does not lie with the drop but with the water that was there before.
Yanni was cornered.
It's mostly in Arabic with a little bit of Hebrew dialog.
It's mostly in Arabic with some Hebrew dialog.
I imagine not.
It doesn't look to me like it's been taken down.
Maybe see if you can do it in a little bit.
Hopefully things won't get bad again.
Maybe it'd be good for her.
Maybe it would be good for her.
Maybe the price will go down in the future.
No one is perfect, and certainly not me.
That would make me feel better about where things are now.
That's not the way it is at the moment.
We're going to have somewhere to go no matter what.
Because of COVID, it won't be happening too soon.
It's worth continuing to read.
It was at the front door.
Skura made it.
We're trying to figure it out.
Yanni and Skura made it.
That's probably mostly my anxiety.
I've not been doing much.
It's just still bizarre.
I'm still not quite sure.
That sounds great!
I'm auditing the course.
I watched the first lecture and read the syllabus.
So far he hasn't charged me anything.
I just had another lesson last night.
I see it as being like a book club.
I'm doing a daily 30-minute online Mishnah study.
Skura and Nuja made it.
Did you get the readings I sent you?
I just sent you another.
They made it.
I can send it to you when I get back to my computer.
What do you prefer, a shower or a bath?
Wait and see; this child is about to get dirty.
Vegetarians shouldn't eat strawberries.
What's the weather like this morning?
I'll meet with Tom again.
I'm having a hard time accepting the fact you no longer love me.
Did they want to see me?
I have no friends at all.
It's very windy.
It's cloudy, but it's very warm.
It feels soft to the touch.
This yarn feels soft to the touch.
The Latin name "terfezia" of certain mushrooms could come from "tirfas", plural of "tarfist". In the Algerian dialect, it is also called "terfas".
I think you meant to send that message to someone else.
The lady is unconscious.
I get up every morning at dawn.
I was rewarded.
He was rewarded.
She was rewarded.
Skura was rewarded.
Yanni and Skura were rewarded.
Skura and Nuja were rewarded.
They were rewarded.
The leader of the separatists is known for his "infinite wisdom."
Yanni was rewarded.
Skura was worried.
Yanni and Skura were worried.
Skura and Nuja were worried.
I was worried about Skura.
He was worried about Skura.
She was worried about Skura.
Nuja was worried about Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were worried about Skura.
You haven’t received a letter from him?
Nuja and Mira were worried about Skura.
They were worried about Skura.
Surely you’re not tired?
Skura was pleased.
Yanni and Skura was pleased.
Skura and Nuja were pleased.
They were pleased.
Yanni didn't understand at first.
I was pleased to see Skura.
He was pleased to see Skura.
She was pleased to see Skura.
Nuja was pleased to see Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were pleased to see Skura.
Nuja and Mira were pleased to see Skura.
They were pleased to see Skura.
Yanni still plays soccer.
He was pleased with the gift.
Skura was pleased with the gift.
Yanni and Skura were pleased with the gift.
Skura and Nuja were pleased with the gift.
They were pleased with the gift.
Yanni wanted to assert his independence.
Yanni moved to a cool part of Algiers.
Yanni's parents lived in Algiers.
She obeyed.
Skura obeyed.
Yanni and Skura obeyed.
Yanni left the blinds open.
Skura and Nuja obeyed.
I obeyed Skura.
He obeyed Skura.
She obeyed Skura.
Nuja obeyed Skura.
Yanni and Nuja obeyed Skura.
Nuja and Mira obeyed Skura.
They obeyed Skura.
Yanni's mom grew up in southern Algeria.
Yanni was a few years older than Skura.
Yanni and Skura immediately hit it off.
Yanni sat on the kitchen floor.
It's hard to make out the lyrics.
I missed Skura.
He missed Skura.
She missed Skura.
Nuja missed Skura.
Yanni and Nuja missed Skura.
Nuja and Mira missed Skura.
They missed Skura.
Skura was busy.
Yanni and Skura were busy.
Skura and Nuja were busy.
Yanni extended his hand to shake Skura's.
He regretted lying.
She regretted lying.
Skura regretted lying.
Yanni and Skura regretted lying.
Skura and Nuja regretted lying.
They regretted lying.
Tom's going on the lash tonight.
I carried the boxes upstairs.
He carried the boxes upstairs.
Algiers has a cool architecture.
Skura carried the boxes upstairs.
Yanni and Skura carried the boxes upstairs.
Skura and Nuja carried the boxes upstairs.
They carried the boxes upstairs.
Yanni started picking up speed.
It sounded like Berber.
You can upload your videos, photos, and documents to your Google account and share the links to the files with anyone.
He hid.
She hid.
Skura hid.
Yanni and Skura hid.
The link to your video appears to be invalid.
Skura and Nuja hid.
They hid.
Yanni was reported to the office.
Yanni cut his arms for attention.
I hid my face.
Skura hid her face.
Yanni and Skura hid their faces.
Skura and Nuja hid their faces.
Yanni went back to class.
Yanni bombarded Skura with questions about what happened.
Yanni wanted some more information.
Yanni told his parents about what happened.
Yanni threatened to shoot himself.
Yanni was taken out of class and arrested.
Yanni headed to the cafeteria.
Yanni came up to Skura and gave her a letter.
Yanni described in detail how he was going to rape Skura.
Yanni graduated high school.
Yanni wanted to kill Skura.
Yanni had a gun in his locker.
Yanni was plotting Skura's death.
Yanni bought something for dinner.
Yanni ran out of the store.
Yanni told his dad to hurry.
Yanni was following Skura around the store.
The link to your spreadsheet has invalid characters.
Yanni left the store and went to his car.
Yanni had security cameras.
Yanni openly expressed his desire to kill Skura.
Yanni was never in any real danger.
Yanni murdered his own mother.
Yanni pushed his mother down the stairs.
Yanni decided to visit an abandoned house.
Yanni and Skura decided to visit a haunted house.
Yanni slept in a bare concrete room.
Yanni walked through the corridor.
Yanni was at the back of the room.
Yanni pried the rusted door open.
Yanni received the biggest shock of his life.
Yanni was in the room.
Yanni's door was rusted shut.
Yanni lives in a forested area.
Yanni hiked that trail.
Yanni started hiking that trail in the late afternoon.
Yanni went down the hill.
Here is my address.
Yanni went down the steep hill.
Yanni didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.
Yanni stood around listening for like thirty seconds.
Yanni was speaking in gibberish.
Yanni picked up a huge stick to defend himself.
We got out of the boat.
Yanni looked like some kind of crazy person ready to kill someone.
Yanni was four feet behind Skura.
Yanni heard a voice right behind him.
Yanni ran back to the car.
Yanni heard the voice reverberate through the woods.
Yanni heard that voice, too.
Yanni was screaming at the top of his lungs with rage.
Yanni's story sounds crazy.
My new penknife has many useful functions.
We've met at last.
Yanni was born with liquid in his brain.
Yanni's dog was huge.
Yanni's dog is very protective.
Yanni's dog made Skura uneasy.
Yanni's dog trusted Skura pretty quickly.
Yanni lived in a pretty rough neighborhood.
Yanni lived a couple of blocks away.
She can barely read.
Yanni said inappropriate things to Skura.
Yanni pulled his phone out and started dialing 911.
Yanni sprinted home.
Yanni's dog chased that man.
Yanni talked to Skura for a few minutes on the porch.
Yanni's dog would never bite anyone unless it's attacked.
Yanni's dog started barking at the door.
Yanni's dog was gentle with Skura.
Yanni unlocked the door.
Yanni can't get to the door.
Yanni had no idea who that man was.
Yanni never found out who that man was.
Yanni daughter doesn't have a boyfriend.
Yanni was about halfway to his car when his phone rang again.
Yanni was looking at Skura through the window.
Yanni picked Skura up from the gym.
Yanni took a back road.
Yanni lost the cops.
Yanni is an absolute hero.
Yanni went to lunch.
Yanni lives in a pretty rural area.
Yanni was in Algiers to visit his sister in college.
Yanni was hanging out in the living room, watching some Youtube.
Yanni went to the kitchen to grab a snack.
Yanni went back to watching some TV.
Yanni went upstairs to his bedroom.
Yanni's bedroom has a good view of the backyard.
Yanni was a paranoid person.
Yanni grabbed a knife and hid behind the door.
Yanni heard the door knob jiggle.
Yanni came home with his little sister.
Yanni has to go check the door.
She's very honest.
Yanni's parents went to bed.
Yanni wanted to eat ice cream.
Yanni's basement is unfinished.
Yanni has a huge basement.
Yanni's laundry room is in the basement.
Yanni slept on the concrete floor.
Yanni was terrified of the basement.
Yanni went down to the basement.
Yanni has no milk.
Yanni wanted to eat some cereal.
There's a pond in our garden.
Yanni is the toughest kid in the neighborhood.
Yanni walked to the fridge.
Yanni walked to the fridge to get some milk.
Yanni opened the fridge.
Yanni thought Skura was having a seizure.
Yanni stood there with tears streaming down his face.
Yanni saw a man with a hat standing in the dark.
Yanni slept with the lights on that night.
Yanni opened his Facebook.
Yanni renovated the house.
Yanni couldn't see Skura's face.
Yanni has a long pony tail.
Yanni helps customers.
Yanni has a cabin in the woods.
Yanni wanted to take Skura out to lunch.
Yanni has a meeting with the boss.
Yanni's daughter looks so beautiful.
Yanni was banned from that store.
Yanni was in the store.
Yanni was walking Skura's dog.
Yanni lived in another area.
Yanni was glad that he trusted his gut that day.
Yanni and Skura planned a romantic getaway.
I wish we could time travel.
Yanni went inside the cabin.
Yanni started unpacking.
Yanni drank wine.
Yanni planned to spend the next day in town.
Yanni was gone almost all day.
Yanni headed back to the cabin.
Yanni stopped the car.
Yanni noticed new tire tracks in the snow.
Yanni parked his car there.
Yanni had no service on his cellphone.
Yanni decided to head back to the cabin.
Yanni was on the top of the hill.
Yanni noticed footprints in the snow.
Yanni parked his car in the driveway.
Yanni couldn't find where the footprints ended.
Yanni decided to call the police.
Yanni called the police and waited for their arrival.
Yanni watched a movie.
Yanni locked the doors.
Could you clip my ticket please?
Yanni and Skura both heard that noise.
Yanni opened the garage door.
Yanni grabbed the landline and dialed 911.
Yanni was talking to the operator.
Yanni heard a bang on the balcony.
Yanni was losing his mind.
Yanni heard banging on the door.
Yanni's garage door was shut.
Yanni's garage door was locked.
Yanni doesn't have those answers.
Yanni was watching TV while eating breakfast.
Yanni tried talking to the nurse but she ignored him.
Yanni arrived, carrying some vegetables that he bought from the market.
My younger brother lives in San Diego.
Yanni got some food for lunch.
Skura wasn't a flirty person by any means.
Yanni was at a high school sport event.
Yanni has to finish the project before the spring break.
Yanni met Skura through his friend Ziri.
Yanni received a text from Skura.
Yanni wanted Skura to have his phone number.
Yanni would never give Skura's number to someone without her prior consent.
Yanni is going to be away from Skura for a week.
Yanni thought that it was a joke.
Yanni hates Skura's sarcasm.
Yanni was suffering from depression.
Yanni blocked Skura's number.
Yanni didn't know what to do in that situation.
Yanni didn't hear from that girl for a way.
Yanni couldn't stop thinking about that girl.
Yanni and Skura will get married in the future.
Yanni texted Skura every five minutes.
Yanni hated Skura's obsessive behavior.
Yanni was taking things too far.
Yanni thinks of Skura just as a friend.
Yanni was making fake Facebooks to harass Skura.
Yanni spent half an hour apologizing to Skura.
Yanni wanted to avoid the cops.
Yanni stopped harassing Skura on Facebook.
Yanni is in Berber class.
Yanni and Skura have the same last name.
Skura wasn't the only girl that Yanni would harass.
Yanni was extremely aggressive towards that customer.
Yanni smiled the creepiest smile that Skura had ever seen.
Yanni spent four whole years in Algiers.
Algeria is really a place of wonder.
Yanni has a car garage.
Yanni heard screams coming from the forest.
Yanni said he saw a demon.
Yanni shouldn't mess with Skura's stuff.
Yanni's property is surrounded by farms.
Yanni saw lights in the distance.
Yanni said he saw a strange creature in the woods.
Yanni has four adult children.
Yanni has large eyes.
Yanni saw this on many occasions.
Yanni was playing with the kids in the yard.
Yanni dropped his flashlight.
Yanni heard something rustle in the bush.
Yanni described that creature to a T.
Yanni told his brother to look.
Yanni doesn't think that that woman had any sort of ill intent.
Yanni crouched on all fours.
Yanni has a long neck.
Yanni was sizing that man up.
Yanni has never seen a raccoon before.
Yanni has never seen a raccoon in the area.
Yanni let the dogs out at night.
Yanni's dog wanted in.
Yanni wanted to know what frightened his dog.
Yanni was startled by a giant moth.
Yanni was scared by a giant moth.
Yanni bought some camera equipment.
Yanni was going to a party.
Yanni went to that party.
Yanni ended up agreeing to go to that party.
Yanni and Skura went exploring that forest.
Yanni walked through the woods.
Yanni had a thing for Skura.
Yanni wanted to explore that forest.
Yanni looked nervous all of a sudden.
Yanni is afraid of drunk people.
Yanni never had a choice.
Yanni ran into the woods.
Yanni hid in the tall grass.
Yanni was hiding in the tall grass.
Yanni was totally oblivious to the whole thing.
Yanni stole Skura's phone.
paper writing service
standards connected with assignment writing
Yanni said he didn't remember anything out of the ordinary.
Yanni is saving up for a new phone.
Yanni doesn't know who took his phone.
Yanni doesn't know who stole his phone.
Yanni stole from Skura's store.
Yanni put the phone underneath his clothes and stole it.
Yanni was stealing clothes.
Yanni stole clothes from Skura's store.
Yanni couldn't find his phone.
Yanni called his phone.
Yanni called his phone from the landline.
Yanni called his phone from the store phone.
Yanni's manager got on the line.
Yanni called the police immediately.
Yanni's phone is brand new.
Yanni did some jail time.
Yanni and his dad went to the police station.
Yanni had the receipt for buying that phone.
Yanni ran a luxury store in Algiers.
Yanni was on vacation.
Yanni was at that shopping mall.
Yanni was visiting a new shopping mall.
Yanni knew who that girl was.
Yanni walked into the store.
Yanni was working at the store.
Yanni pretended that he was going to buy something.
Yanni was looking through the stores.
My life, which used to be beautiful, turned into something sad. The star's light went out the moment you left.
Yanni went to the other side of the store.
Yanni followed the girl to the other side of the store.
Yanni was trying to ignore that girl.
Yanni might like those t-shirts.
Yanni left the store immediately.
Yanni walked towards the other end of the store.
Yanni was leaving the store.
Yanni doesn't know fashion.
Yanni's t-shirt is ugly.
Yanni was trying to be nice to that customer.
Yanni didn't like that t-shirt.
Yanni insulted the customer.
Yanni really liked that t-shirt.
Yanni never went to that store again.
Yanni can't afford that t-shirt.
Yanni thought he was better than anybody else because he knew fashion.
Yanni's remarks made Skura feel worthless.
Yanni's remarks made Skura feel really bad.
Yanni was invited to that event.
Yanni was watching the show.
Yanni enjoyed the show.
Yanni kept ignoring that girl.
Yanni was mean to Skura for no reason.
Yanni should do a video about that.
Yanni has nothing against those people.
Yanni went to Algiers to see a concert.
Tom's an entitled asshole.
Tom is an entitled asshole.
Yanni and his daughter were shopping together.
Yanni was kicked out of the store.
Yanni was losing his temper.
Yanni should let Skura shop in peace.
Yanni has made plenty of purchases at Skura's store.
Yanni was yelling at a security guard.
Yanni was just following orders.
Yanni chased that man out of the store.
Yanni got kicked out of Skura's store.
Yanni is spending a lot of time at home.
Yanni ruined Skura's wedding.
Learn this sentence by heart.
Yanni needs a table.
Yanni improvised a table.
Yanni needs a desk.
Yanni improvised a desk in the jungle.
Yanni uploaded the video to Youtube.
Yanni hung up the phone on Skura.
Yanni's word was final.
Yanni would never have done that to a customer.
Yanni hates that store.
Yanni is a very introverted person.
Yanni smokes weed every day.
That's the old man that I want to be.
Yanni was so livid.
Dubai is a city of the future.
The science fiction of yesterday is becoming today's reality.
Information is moving at the speed of light.
Algeria is developing.
Can Algiers become a smart city?
Algeria needs to develop its urban environment.
I won everything.
Skura won everything.
Yanni and Skura won everything.
The river ran dry.
Skura and Nuja won everything.
They won everything.
She cried a lot.
Skura cried a lot.
Yanni and Skura cried a lot.
Skura and Nuja cried a lot.
They cried a lot.
I left earlier.
She left earlier.
Skura left earlier.
Yanni and Skura left earlier.
Skura and Nuja left earlier.
They left earlier.
She taught Berber.
Yanni and Skura taught Berber.
Skura and Nuja taught Berber.
They taught Berber.
She studied abroad.
Yanni and Skura studied abroad.
Skura and Nuja studied abroad.
They studied abroad.
He doesn't say anything, but he must know something.
I protected Skura.
He protected Skura.
She protected Skura.
Nuja protected Skura.
Yanni and Nuja protected Skura.
Nuja and Mira protected Skura.
They protected Skura.
It's half past two.
He counted the money in order to figure out the sum.
I perked up when I heard Skura's voice.
He perked up when he heard Skura's voice.
Yanni perked up when he heard Skura's voice.
Nuja perked up when she heard Skura's voice.
Yanni and Nuja perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
Nuja and Mira perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
They perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
Do you want to speak Berber?
Do you want to speak Berber fluently?
You need to think in Berber.
How can I speak Berber fluently?
I want to speak Berber like a native.
I pulled through.
He pulled through.
There are a lot of things that changed in Yanni's life.
She pulled through.
Yanni pulled through.
Yanni no longer takes Berber classes.
Skura pulled through.
Yanni and Skura pulled through.
Skura and Nuja pulled through.
They pulled through.
Nobody tried to convert Yanni to Islam.
He was victorious.
She was victorious.
Skura was victorious.
Yanni and Skura were victorious.
Skura and Nuja were victorious.
He arrived on time.
She arrived on time.
Skura arrived on time.
Yanni and Skura arrived on time.
Skura and Nuja arrived on time.
They arrived on time.
I complained about everything.
He complained about everything.
She complained about everything.
Skura complained about everything.
Yanni and Skura complained about everything.
Skura and Nuja complained about everything.
They complained about everything.
I fought Ziri.
He fought Ziri.
Skura fought Ziri.
Yanni and Skura fought Ziri.
Skura and Nuja fought Ziri.
They fought Ziri.
He was wrong about that.
She was wrong about that.
Skura was wrong about that.
Yanni and Skura were wrong about that.
Skura and Nuja were wrong about that.
They were wrong about that.
I was right about that.
He was right about that.
She was right about that.
Skura was right about that.
Yanni and Skura were right about that.
Skura and Nuja were right about that.
Keep your dog on a leash.
They were right about that.
I participated in the debate.
She participated in the debate.
Skura participated in the debate.
Yanni and Skura participated in the debate.
Skura and Nuja participated in the debate.
At some point in the future, we're going to look back and say, "How did we do it without space?"
They participated in the debate.
He died after naming his successor.
I accompanied Skura to Algiers.
This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We really don't know. But it could be. It has to be something — but it could be infinity, right?
He accompanied Skura to Algiers.
She accompanied Skura to Algiers.
If I have time, I will clean the house.
Nuja accompanied Skura to Algiers.
Yanni and Nuja accompanied Skura to Algiers.
Nuja and Mira accompanied Skura to Algiers.
They cannot do that endlessly.
They accompanied Skura to Algiers.
The majority of people refuse it.
Yanni is starting a new life.
He fixed everything.
She fixed everything.
Skura fixed everything.
Yanni and Skura fixed everything.
Skura and Nuja fixed everything.
They fixed everything.
I showed up late.
He showed up late.
She showed up late.
Skura showed up late.
Yanni and Skura showed up late.
Skura and Nuja showed up late.
They showed up late.
I showed Skura the way.
He showed Skura the way.
Nuja showed Skura the way.
Yanni and Nuja showed Skura the way.
Nuja and Mira showed Skura the way.
They showed Skura the way.
I showed Skura the photo.
He showed Skura the photo.
She showed Skura the photo.
Nuja showed Skura the photo.
Yanni and Nuja showed Skura the photo.
Nuja and Mira showed Skura the photo.
They showed Skura the photo.
I texted a friend.
He texted a friend.
Skura texted a friend.
Yanni and Skura texted a friend.
Skura and Nuja texted a friend.
They texted a friend.
I texted Skura back.
He texted Skura back.
She texted Skura back.
Nuja texted Skura back.
Yanni and Nuja texted Skura back.
Nuja and Mira texted Skura back.
They texted Skura back.
I let Skura swim.
He let Skura swim.
She let Skura swim.
They chatted in broken Arabic and Berber.
Nuja let Skura swim.
Yanni and Nuja let Skura swim.
Nuja and Mira let Skura swim.
They let Skura swim.
Don't feed this dog.
My gift is the best.
What a stylish hat.
What an elegant hat.
I let Skura in.
He let Skura in.
She let Skura in.
Nuja let Skura in.
Yanni and Nuja let Skura in.
Nuja and Mira let Skura in.
The road runs past the mosque.
They let Skura in.
I kept Skura waiting.
I adore my family.
He kept Skura waiting.
She kept Skura waiting.
Nuja kept Skura waiting.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura waiting.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura waiting.
They kept Skura waiting.
I kept Skura company.
He kept Skura company.
She kept Skura company.
Nuja kept Skura company.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura company.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura company.
They kept Skura company.
Yanni kept Skura posted.
I kept Skura posted.
He kept Skura posted.
She kept Skura posted.
Nuja kept Skura posted.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura posted.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura posted.
They kept Skura posted.
Yanni kept Skura informed.
I kept Skura informed.
It is forbidden to fast immediately after Shavuot.
He kept Skura informed.
She kept Skura informed.
Nuja kept Skura informed.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura informed.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura informed.
They kept Skura informed.
I'm gonna get drunk today.
I kept Skura informed about my whereabouts.
He kept Skura informed about his whereabouts.
She kept Skura informed about her whereabouts.
Nuja kept Skura informed about her whereabouts.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
They kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
Yanni was all right.
He was all right.
She was all right.
Skura was all right.
Yanni and Skura were all right.
Skura and Nuja were all right.
They were all right.
She was bored.
Skura was bored.
Yanni and Skura were bored.
Skura and Nuja were bored.
They were bored.
I know I was boring.
Skura was boring.
Yanni and Skura were boring.
Skura and Nuja were boring.
They were boring.
I took cover.
The clouds are gray.
She took cover.
Skura took cover.
Yanni and Skura took cover.
Skura and Nuja took cover.
They took cover.
Her selfishness is never satisfied.
I took everything.
He took everything.
Skura took everything.
Yanni and Skura took everything.
Skura and Nuja took everything.
They took everything.
I took notes.
Yanni lived his entire life in a single place.
The mosque was the biggest structure in town.
Yanni studied Berber in order to read Si Mohand's poetry.
She took notes.
Skura took notes.
Yanni and Skura took notes.
Skura and Nuja took notes.
They took notes.
Skura took risks.
Yanni and Skura took risks.
Islam is solidly established in Kabylie.
Skura and Nuja took risks.
I took photos.
Skura took photos.
Yanni and Skura took photos.
Skura and Nuja took photos.
They took photos.
She took the job.
Yanni and Skura took the job.
Skura and Nuja took the job.
They took the job.
She had to hurry.
Yanni translated parts of the Quran into Berber.
Skura had to hurry.
Yanni and Skura had to hurry.
Skura and Nuja had to hurry.
They had to hurry.
The book was printed out in Berber.
Yennayer is officially celebrated in Algeria every January 12.
The book was translated into a local Berber dialect.
She changed.
You're going to be very hot in Brazil.
British accents vary wildly.
Skura changed.
Yanni and Skura changed.
Skura and Nuja changed.
They changed.
I changed color.
She changed color.
Skura changed color.
Yanni and Skura changed color.
Skura and Nuja changed color.
They changed color.
They speak in everyday Berber.
Yanni returned home to Algiers.
Tom stole.
She changed jobs.
Skura changed jobs.
Yanni and Skura changed jobs.
Skura and Nuja changed jobs.
They changed jobs.
They vandalized mosques.
I handled it well.
He handled it well.
She handled it well.
Yanni was intolerant of Muslims.
Skura handled it well.
Yanni and Skura handled it well.
Some so-called secularists see Islam as an obstacle to progress and development.
Skura and Nuja handled it well.
Skura gave up.
Yanni's sharp corners need to be rubbed off.
Yanni and Skura gave up.
Skura and Nuja gave up.
Imams are free to marry.
To this day, people visit Matoub's grave.
She gave up hope.
Skura gave up hope.
Yanni and Skura gave up hope.
Sunni and Shia Islam are two different expressions of the same faith.
Skura and Nuja gave up hope.
They gave up hope.
I gave up smoking.
He gave up smoking.
Skura gave up smoking.
Yanni and Skura gave up smoking.
Skura and Nuja gave up smoking.
Yanni was studying Berber.
They gave up smoking.
I gave up learning French.
He gave up learning French.
She gave up learning French.
Skura gave up learning French.
Yanni and Skura gave up learning French.
Skura and Nuja gave up learning French.
They gave up learning French.
I gave up all my possessions.
He gave up all his possessions.
She gave up all her possessions.
Skura gave up all her possessions.
Yanni and Skura gave up all their possessions.
Skura and Nuja gave up all their possessions.
They gave up all their possessions.
I gave up running for class president.
He gave up running for class president.
She gave up running for class president.
Skura gave up running for class president.
Yanni and Skura gave up running for class president.
Skura and Nuja gave up running for class president.
They gave up running for class president.
I met Skura.
He met Skura.
She met Skura.
Nuja met Skura.
Yanni and Nuja met Skura.
Nuja and Mira met Skura.
They met Skura.
Yanni said that in Berber.
My Berber is too bad.
Yanni returned to his comfortable Algiers home.
I met Skura outside.
He met Skura outside.
She met Skura outside.
Nuja met Skura outside.
Yanni and Nuja met Skura outside.
Nuja and Mira met Skura outside.
They met Skura outside.
No one believed such a thing could happen.
You are not my son.
El Salvador, one of the world’s homicide hot spots, reported something highly unusual early in the coronavirus pandemic — four murder-free days.
Major cities across the United States have also reported dips in burglary, assault, murder, robbery and grand larceny.
Countries across the globe have reported reduced crime.
Cybercrime has exploded, with mounting reports of an increase in ransomware attacks.
Organized crime groups have been taking advantage of fresh opportunities presented by the pandemic, from acting surreptitiously as suppliers to governments, to serving as "partners of the state in maintaining order,” warns a recent report by the Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime.
In Italy, mafia groups have taken advantage of rising poverty and economic desperation in the south to present themselves as an alternative to the state.
Giuseppe Provenzano warned of the danger of gangs seeking to supplant the state by offering cash handouts and “loans” to struggling small businesses desperate for money to stay afloat.
Investigative journalist Roberto Saviano, author of Gomorra, a bestseller on the Naples-based Camorra mafia, told la Repubblica newspaper, “The pandemic is the ideal place for mafias, and the reason is simple — if you are hungry, you are looking for bread; it does not matter which oven it is baked from and who it is distributing it.”
Last week, Italian police arrested Sicily's coronavirus coordinator and nine other health care officials on charges of taking bribes to direct medical equipment and service contracts to companies connected to the mafia.
One organized gang tricked the regional German government of North Rhine-Westphalia into parting with $2.million for nonexistent PPE.
The payments were blocked just in time by alert law enforcement officials.
The payments were blocked just in time by law enforcement officials.
COVID-has caused a bike boom in the city as thousands of Big Apple residents swap their cars and subways for two wheels.
Australians can only leave with special permission from the government.
Australians are inveterate travelers.
Australia is one of the most multicultural places on Earth.
Canada is one of the most multicultural places on Earth.
More than a quarter of Australians were born overseas.
Internal borders have been closed to stop the advance of the virus.
With shops, hairdressers and other places opening again across Europe, business owners are working overtime to ensure they will make up the lost income after two months of closure.
Across Europe, shops and restaurants have either opened or are preparing to open again.
German Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (R) wears a face mask as he talks to staff during his visit at the restaurant "Funky Fish" in Berlin, Germany, May 19, 2020.
Restaurants are getting many reservations.
Tom had some reservations.
The global pandemic is causing major anxiety for many.
The chess pieces are: king, queen, bishop, knight, rook and pawn.
The Jews of Baghdad spoke an Arabic dialect more closely related to that of Northern Iraq.
The mailman delivers mail.
My father.
He works in human resources.
In the past, people used to go to church for a confession. Now they write on Facebook.
Call me, please.
A stranger is standing in front of the house.
The winter is long.
Maria was keeping under her pillow a photograph of her and her boyfriend, who had just passed away.
I'm eating bread with butter and honey.
In the forest, he saw a wild boar.
My glass was dirty.
He was avoiding meeting her.
Does Tom have a brother?
Does Tom have any sisters?
I don't feel particularly nervous.
I love to eat kaya pau.
Cutting rhododendron flowers at neighbour Barb's is Linda. I say, "You're part-Native? I can see it in you! You're a real Canadian!" She says that her father was half-Cree. Linda was born in a barn in the province of Alberta. Linda now lives with the Chans', the Spanish mansion. "You should be proud!" I say...
She's dreaming about having a car.
They understand it's important.
Your brother didn’t get married, did he?
I adapted quickly.
Algeria and Libya both claimed territory in the Sahara.
He adapted quickly.
She adapted quickly.
Skura adapted quickly.
Yanni and Skura adapted quickly.
Skura and Nuja adapted quickly.
They adapted quickly.
I came around.
Algeria doesn't want to appear weak in the region.
He came around.
Algeria needs to take a more assertive posture in the region.
She came around.
Skura came around.
Yanni and Skura came around.
Skura and Nuja came around.
They came around.
Algeria doesn't want to be seen as a weak country in the region.
I confirmed my resignation.
He confirmed his resignation.
She confirmed her resignation.
Skura confirmed her resignation.
Yanni and Skura confirmed their resignation.
Skura and Nuja confirmed their resignation.
They confirmed their resignation.
She considered herself lucky.
Skura considered herself lucky.
Yanni and Skura considered themselves lucky.
Skura and Nuja considered themselves lucky.
They considered themselves lucky.
I considered the question.
Algeria is a formidable geopolitical rival in the North Africa and the Sahel region.
He considered the question.
She considered the question.
Skura considered the question.
Yanni and Skura considered the question.
Skura and Nuja considered the question.
They considered the question.
Most Hollywood movies make the people of the Middle East appear different and threatening.
I denied this.
Skura denied this.
Yanni and Skura denied this.
Skura and Nuja denied this.
They denied this.
What's the difference between Algeria and Morocco?
Tom will make do.
Skura d Nuja survived unharmed.
I survived the accident.
The king of Morocco believes in his divine right to lead.
She survived the accident.
Yanni and Skura survived the accident.
Skura survived the accident.
Skura and Nuja survived the accident.
They survived the accident.
Algeria is a regional geopolitical power to be reckoned with.
She said yes.
Skura said yes.
Yanni and Skura said yes.
Skura and Nuja said yes.
Special forces undergo intense physical training.
Top elite forces undergo intense physical and psychological training.
I showed up Monday night.
He showed up Monday night.
She showed up Monday night.
Skura showed up Monday night.
Yanni and Skura showed up Monday night.
Skura and Nuja showed up Monday night.
They showed up Monday night.
He signed the contract.
She signed the contract.
Skura signed the contract.
Yanni and Skura signed the contract.
Skura and Nuja signed the contract.
They signed the contract.
She told the truth.
Skura told the truth.
Yanni and Skura told the truth.
Skura and Nuja told the truth.
They told the truth.
I told Skura a story.
He told Skura a story.
She told Skura a story.
Nuja told Skura a story.
Yanni and Nuja told Skura a story.
Nuja and Mira told Skura a story.
They told Skura a story.
I used my key.
He used his key.
She used her key.
Skura used her key.
Yanni and Skura used their key.
Skura and Nuja used their key.
They used their key.
I lost time.
He lost time.
She lost time.
Skura lost time.
Yanni and Skura lost time.
Skura and Nuja lost time.
They lost time.
She was punished.
Skura was punished.
Yanni and Skura were punished.
Skura and Nuja were punished.
They were punished.
I was punished for lying.
She was punished for lying.
Skura was punished for lying.
Yanni and Skura were punished for lying.
Skura and Nuja were punished for lying.
They were punished for lying.
He was punished for doing that.
She was punished for doing that.
Skura was punished for doing that.
Yanni and Skura were punished for doing that.
Skura and Nuja were punished for doing that.
They were punished for doing that.
I was punished for my crimes.
Skura was punished for her crimes.
Yanni and Skura were punished for their crimes.
Skura and Nuja were punished for their crimes.
I was arrested immediately.
He was arrested immediately.
She was arrested immediately.
Skura was arrested immediately.
Yanni and Skura were arrested immediately.
Skura and Nuja were arrested immediately.
They were arrested immediately.
I was arrested for theft.
He was arrested for theft.
She was arrested for theft.
Skura was arrested for theft.
Yanni and Skura were arrested for theft.
Skura and Nuja were arrested for theft.
They were arrested for theft.
I assisted my brother with his homework.
He assisted his brother with his homework.
Skura assisted her brother with his homework.
Yanni and Skura assisted their brother with his homework.
Skura and Nuja assisted their brother with his homework.
They assisted their brother with his homework.
I died immediately.
He died immediately.
She died immediately.
Skura died immediately.
Yanni and Skura died immediately.
Skura and Nuja died immediately.
They died immediately.
He believed what Skura said.
She believed what Skura said.
Nuja believed what Skura said.
Yanni and Nuja believed what Skura said.
Nuja d Mira believed what Skura said.
They believed what Skura said.
Yanni believed in magic.
Yanni believed in witchcraft.
He believed in witchcraft.
She believed in witchcraft.
Skura believed in witchcraft.
Yanni and Skura believed in witchcraft.
Skura d Nuja believed in witchcraft.
They believed in witchcraft.
I starved to death.
He starved to death.
She starved to death.
Skura starved to death.
Yanni and Skura starved to death.
Skura and Nuja starved to death.
They starved to death.
Yanni married for love.
Yanni was schooled in the Quran.
I succeeded in getting elected.
She succeeded in getting elected.
Skura succeeded in getting elected.
Yanni and Skura succeeded in getting elected.
Skura and Nuja succeeded in getting elected.
They succeeded in getting elected.
Eunuchs are castrated male slaves.
I succeeded because I worked hard.
She succeeded because she worked hard.
Skura succeeded because she worked hard.
Yanni and Skura succeeded because they worked hard.
Skura and Nuja succeeded because they worked hard.
They succeeded because they worked hard.
Algeria shouldn't waste its budget on unnecessary wars.
The Ottoman Empire collapsed because it was unable to meet the challenge of change.
I explained everything.
He explained everything.
She explained everything.
Skura explained everything.
Yanni and Skura explained everything.
Skura and Nuja explained everything.
They explained everything.
Does Algeria need to expand its tax base?
The country's tax base was shrinking.
I consented to do that.
He consented to do that.
She consented to do that.
Skura consented to do that.
Is Algeria facing bankruptcy?
Is Algeria facing economic disaster?
Yanni and Skura consented to do that.
We were at your mum's place.
We were at your mom's place.
It's time to come back home.
Skura and Nuja consented to do that.
They consented to do that.
Please sit in this armchair.
Of course she knows English.
This club has more than fifty members.
He was horrified by what happened.
She was horrified by what happened.
Yanni and Skura were horrified by what happened.
Skura and Nuja were horrified by what happened.
People with cold hands have warm hearts.
They were horrified by what happened.
I live near a forest.
I'm tired of living and scared of dying.
I like summer, but not winter.
He's almost twenty.
He is with her.
She is with him.
She is still here, isn’t she?
He is with you.
He was welcomed with loud shouting by the people.
The Eiffel Tower is made of steel.
What is the river compared with the sea?
I thought that I would never see you.
He will buy it for us as a present.
I don't understand what he's saying.
He shouldn't come back here.
I had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
Do you have any cold drink?
The restaurant is across from the hotel.
I cooperated with the police.
He cooperated with the police.
She cooperated with the police.
Skura cooperated with the police.
Yanni and Skura cooperated with the police.
Skura and Nuja cooperated with the police.
They cooperated with the police.
She's with him.
He's with you.
I attended Harvard.
The Eiffel Tower's made of steel.
He attended Harvard.
She attended Harvard.
Skura attended Harvard.
Yanni and Skura attended Harvard.
Skura and Nuja attended Harvard.
They attended Harvard.
I attended the wedding.
He attended the wedding.
She attended the wedding.
Skura attended the wedding.
Yanni and Skura attended the wedding.
Skura and Nuja attended the wedding.
They attended the wedding.
Tom is Elon Musk.
Skura got married.
Yanni and Skura got married.
Skura and Nuja got married.
He'll buy it for us as a present.
I got better.
She got better.
Skura got better.
Yanni and Skura got better.
Skura and Nuja got better.
They got better.
He needed surgery.
She needed surgery.
Skura needed surgery.
Yanni and Skura needed surgery.
Skura and Nuja needed surgery.
They needed surgery.
I was present.
We are in a traffic jam.
Yanni became so fluent in Berber that he became our interpreter.
She was present.
Skura was present.
Yanni was determined to stay in Algeria.
Yanni will spend all his life in Algeria.
We're in a traffic jam.
Yanni and Skura were present.
Skura and Nuja were present.
They were present.
How often do you mow the lawn?
I replaced Skura.
He replaced Skura.
She replaced Skura.
Nuja replaced Skura.
Yanni and Nuja replaced Skura.
Nuja and Mira replaced Skura.
They replaced Skura.
She left immediately.
Skura left immediately.
Yanni and Skura left immediately.
Skura and Nuja left immediately.
They left immediately.
Which of these two dictionaries is better?
I left Algiers.
He left Algiers.
She left Algiers.
There are two desks in this room.
Skura left Algiers.
There isn't any furniture in this room.
There is no furniture in this room.
Yanni and Skura left Algiers.
Skura and Nuja left Algiers.
He was too long under water.
They left Algiers.
She left home.
Skura left home.
Yanni and Skura left home.
Skura and Nuja left home.
They left home.
I'm going to pick up the kids at school.
I brought Skura along.
He brought Skura along.
She brought Skura along.
Nuja brought Skura along.
Yanni and Nuja brought Skura along.
Nuja and Mira brought Skura along.
They brought Skura along.
I brought Skura here.
He brought Skura here.
She brought Skura here.
Nuja brought Skura here.
Yanni and Nuja brought Skura here.
They must have forgotten about me.
Nuja and Mira brought Skura here.
They brought Skura here.
Keep your intentions pure.
He broke into tears.
Donald Trump gives shit a bad name.
I'm not very emotionally stable.
In the couple therapy, there were Tom and Mary, Sami and Layla, Yanni and Skura, Nathan and Esther, Onni and Lemmikki, Balázs and Réka, Romeo and Juliet, and last but not least Robin Hood and Little Red Riding Hood, Sleeping Beauty and the Beast.
Tom isn't an Englishman.
Tom isn't English.
"Seriously?" "I shit you not."
I have to feed a lot of hungry mouths at home.
This street is very noisy.
Don't get lost once again.
Tom is the only one who said nothing.
It is possible to be a pilot these days even if you wear glasses.
The bakery is on the street corner.
I'm going to show you the way.
Algebraic topology is a branch of mathematics.
In algebra, abstract algebra is the study of algebraic structures. Algebraic structures include groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and lattices.
In mathematics, a module is one of the fundamental algebraic structures used in abstract algebra.
A field is thus a fundamental algebraic structure which is widely used in algebra, number theory, and many other areas of mathematics.
It's impossible not to love her.
Thailand’s tourism industry accounts for about 20% of the country’s Gross Domestic Product.
Spain reopened some of its beaches.
Monday is Memorial Day in the United States, a day to honor service members who sacrificed their lives for the country.
Memorial Day is the unofficial start of the U.S. summer vacation season.
There were big gains Tuesday on Wall Street.
A recent study suggests men are more reluctant to wear face masks in public.
The study, conducted by researchers Valerio Capraro from Middlesex University London and Hélène Barcelo from the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley, California, found that American men were more likely to leave the house without a mask, saying wearing one is a sign of "weakness" and "not cool."
Stanley Ho, the man credited with transforming Macau from a sleepy former Portuguese colony into one of the world’s gambling meccas, has died at the age of 98.
The son of a once-influential and wealthy Hong Kong family who lost their fortune in the Great Depression of the 1930s, Stanley Ho escaped to Macau during World War Two when Japanese forces captured Hong Kong.
Stanley built his fortune smuggling luxury goods from Macau to China.
It's impossible not to love you.
Ho became notorious not only for his wealth but his flamboyant lifestyle, his love of ballroom dancing and the children he fathered with four wives.
He was forced to restructure his business in after a legal battle broke out within the family.
He was also dogged by allegations that he had ties to Chinese criminal gangs known as triads, which he denied.
Real estate agents say they’re fielding a surge of inquiries from city-dwellers wanting to relocate.
“They now realize they can work from home very happily,” says Jamie.
Stefano Boeri, a renowned Italian architect and urban planner, says the shift from cities to villages should be encouraged by governments with financial incentives.
In France, Britain-born Parisian Mitch Hooper, a theater director, has been seeing out the pandemic with his girlfriend in the country among the birds and the flowers rather than concrete and cars.
Ryan says he and his wife are drawn to the idea of rural living.
“Hamlets are the future of Italy as coronavirus shows the classic office job in the big city is the past,” Anna Laura Orrico, the Italian culture minister, said recently.
Italy has 5,villages with fewer than 5,residents with nearly half virtually abandoned.
Young people fled cities beset by terrorism, the economic crisis and drugs.
Many rural areas in some south European states have poor internet connections, making remote working impossible or challenging.
Italy has only percent broadband links across the country and many in villages either have no internet access or poor connections via unreliable line-of-sight towers or slow speed copper phone lines.
Jobs are in short supply in many rural areas.
In mathematics, an algebra over a field is a vector space equipped with a bilinear product.
A lattice is an abstract structure studied in the mathematical subdisciplines of order theory and abstract algebra.
In mathematics, an abelian group, also called a commutative group, is a group in which the result of applying the group operation to two group elements does not depend on the order in which they are written.
In mathematics, a real number is a value of a continuous quantity that can represent a distance along a line.
A complex number is a number that can be expressed in the form "a + bi".
She has a theory.
Tom is not English.
After the earthquake, there was a fire.
She returns in six months.
Don't get lost yet again.
Maybe you're the problem, Tom!
Tom and I didn't have a choice.
I was done, but Skura wasn't.
He was done, but Skura wasn't.
She was done, but Skura wasn't.
Nuja was done, but Skura wasn't.
Yanni and Nuja were done, but Skura wasn't.
Nuja and Mira were done, but Skura wasn't.
They were done, but Skura wasn't.
He returned fire.
She returned fire.
Skura returned fire.
Yanni and Skura returned fire.
Skura and Nuja returned fire.
They returned fire.
He returned home.
She returned home.
Skura returned home.
Yanni and Skura returned home.
Skura and Nuja returned home.
They returned home.
I returned immediately.
He returned immediately.
She returned immediately.
Skura returned immediately.
Yanni and Skura returned immediately.
Skura and Nuja returned immediately.
They returned immediately.
I returned to work.
He returned to work.
She returned to work.
Skura returned to work.
Yanni and Skura returned to work.
Skura and Nuja returned to work.
They returned to work.
I handled that problem.
He handled that problem.
She handled that problem.
Skura handled that problem.
Yanni and Skura handled that problem.
He is gentle.
Skura and Nuja handled that problem.
He is moderate.
He is calm.
They handled that problem.
He is a gentle boy.
Skura said no.
Yanni and Skura said no.
Skura and Nuja said no.
I beat Skura up.
He beat Skura up.
She beat Skura up.
Nuja beat Skura up.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura up.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura up.
They beat Skura up.
I beat Skura unconscious.
He beat Skura unconscious.
She beat Skura unconscious.
Nuja beat Skura unconscious.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura unconscious.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura unconscious.
They beat Skura unconscious.
I beat my children.
Skura beat her children.
Yanni and Skura beat their children.
Skura and Nuja beat their children.
I beat Skura at checkers.
He beat Skura at checkers.
She beat Skura at checkers.
Nuja beat Skura at checkers.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura at checkers.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura at checkers.
They beat Skura at checkers.
She beat him.
Seizing the opportunity, my uncle married the young widow, my mother, and proclaimed himself king.
Mary is a modern woman.
A modern woman defines herself separate from stereotypes.
They defeated them.
Youth alcohol consumption has increased.
She has the books.
Did you make a list of the things that you want to buy?
Algeria has a single national identity.
You're disturbing me.
Thinking biblically, he saw himself as Moses leading his people to freedom.
Good advice is expensive.
Do you see a temple?
Do you see the temple?
I prefer giving gifts to receiving them.
Logarithms also undo a fundamental arithmetic operation, exponentiation. Exponentiation is when you raise a number to a certain power. For example, raising to the power equals 8:
The history of logarithm in seventeenth-century Europe is the discovery of a new function that extended the realm of analysis beyond the scope of algebraic methods.
In mathematics, the binary logarithm (log2 n) is the power to which the number must be raised to obtain the value n.
The binary logarithm of is 0, the binary logarithm of is 1, the binary logarithm of is 2, and the binary logarithm of is 5.
The binary logarithm also frequently appears in the analysis of algorithms, not only because of the frequent use of binary number arithmetic in algorithms, but also because binary logarithms occur in the analysis of algorithms based on two-way branching.
At the time when the rest of the world first learned about the Jewish story of Moses, there was already a Jewish group claiming descent from his brother, and that group is still around today.
The plan satisfies everyone.
He's not a hypocrite.
He isn't a hypocrite.
Good advice is hard to come by.
Leave him alone, for crying out loud.
Leave her alone, for crying out loud.
Yanni was only carrying out orders.
I was only carrying out orders.
You don’t see a temple, do you?
Modern man has moved far away from God and from nature.
Anything but that!
The English originally come from Lower Saxony.
Can you help me with this table?
It's an adult film.
This painting always reminds me of my hometown.
Tom moved to Kyiv when he was only five.
Her father lost his job recently.
I speak a little bit of Russian.
The girl didn't like the juice.
I don't make them sad.
Could you please tell me how to get to Lviv?
Let's stop being so formal.
She sat on the floor and closed her eyes.
I date Alex.
The library is as far as the station.
Peter doesn't speak Russian.
The girl is fatter than the boy.
When will the Sun explode?
They are the worst.
They were the worst.
Stop doing this.
Had Moses seen the face of my beloved reddened from drunkenness, and his beautiful curls and majesty, he would not have written in his Torah: "do not lie with a man."
The racist campaigns of fascists such as Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists could tear our country apart.
The audience didn't like the show.
I think that fascists like Naima Salhi and the leader of the separatists are in trouble emotionally.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the separatists want to create deep divisions throughout Algeria.
The Algerian government isn't under threat.
Fascists like Naima Salhi want to promote an Arab sense of superiority over Berbers.
Why did you close this drawer?
Pathological demand avoidance is not an official diagnosis, but a profile used by educators to describe those whose main characteristic is to avoid everyday demands and expectations to an extreme extent.
Foma is young.
Tom's only religious when it suits him.
He's never seen a play.
They drink milk.
The enemies of Algeria want the country to become a blank slate upon which they can write whatever they choose.
To clear the country of vagrants and convicts, France encouraged them to settle in Algeria.
The leader of the separatists is revered by his followers and reviled by everyone else in his own native region.
Life's too short to learn German. So let's learn Esperanto!
They were selling fridges.
Good morning and welcome!
Is it true that Berber is one of the most difficult languages to learn?
Planet Mars is right next door.
We're going to Mars.
When are we going to Mars?
Can we grow forests on Mars?
Can we grow trees on Mars?
Mars is a barren desert.
Mars is a very inhospitable place.
Mars' atmosphere is so thin.
Mars' surface is bone dry.
Mars is a desert planet.
Can we grow grass on Mars?
We need to study Mars' ecosystem.
Mars is hostile to life.
Mars was a warmer place than it is today.
Mars isn't suitable for life.
Can we make Mars suitable for life?
Mars is not habitable.
Mars isn't a habitable planet.
Mars is not suitable for life.
Venus is close to the Sun.
Venus is so hot and dry.
Mars is a sterile frozen world.
Mars has no magnetic field to protect is from the solar wind.
Mars lost its atmosphere.
Mars is an inhospitable world.
What a beautiful drawing!
Mars may have had life.
To be suitable for life, Mars needs a greenhouse atmosphere.
So far, we haven't found life on Mars.
Mars is not a habitable planet.
Mars is colder than Earth.
Mars has all the elements needed for life.
Can Mars be brought back to life again?
Can we bring Mars back to life again?
Mars is a dry frozen world.
Can we make Mars more like Earth?
Can we warm Mars up?
Can we make Mars warmer?
Mars is smaller than Earth.
Can we heat up Mars' atmosphere?
Can Mars be made habitable?
We already know how to warm Mars.
We already know how to terraform Mars.
Do you want to live on Mars?
To terraform Mars, we'll need to produce greenhouse gases.
Mars has plenty of water ice.
We need to study Martian soil.
Can we warm Mars?
It would take about one hundred years to warm Mars with greenhouse gases.
How can we make Mars' water ice thaw?
Can we warm up Mars?
To terraform Mars, we need to warm it up.
The boy smoked despite the prohibition.
To terraform Mars, we need to make its atmosphere thicker.
How can we make Mars' atmosphere thicker?
Mars is a frozen world.
Mars is a very cold world.
How can we make Mars habitable?
Can we make Mars habitable and turn it green?
Is Martian soil suitable for growing plants?
Mars is a dead world.
Can we get Mars warm enough for humans to live on it?
Mars is too cold and dry for any kind of life.
Can we make Mars a habitable planet?
Can we turn Mars into a habitable world?
Can we make Mars a livable world?
Can we transform Mars into a habitable world?
Can we restore habitable conditions on Mars?
Mars isn't sheltered from radiation.
Mars is our next door neighbor.
Does Mars have life?
Can we make life flourish on Mars?
Can humans make Mars habitable?
Can we make Mars a fully habitable world?
Yanni doesn't think there's life on Mars.
You’re not staying are you?
Is Mars really lifeless?
We need to understand Mars better.
Is there dormant life on Mars?
Can we make Mars a habitable place?
Is Mars truly dead?
Can we make Mars' atmosphere breathable?
You don’t see the wolf then?
Can we transform Mars into a warm and green planet?
You haven’t announced Tom?
You haven’t announced Mary?
Can we make Mars an exact copy of Earth?
When will humans be living on Mars?
We're on the verge of going to Mars.
We're going to Mars soon.
You’re not blind, are you?
We are exploring Mars.
Mars is a barren planet.
Mars is a barren world.
Can we make Mars a living world?
Can we make Mars a living planet?
It’s not hot, is it?
It’s not cold, is it?
What will a terraformed Mars look like?
Mars won't be habitable forever.
The boy hasn’t returned has he?
You don’t see your car, do you?
The wine isn’t good, is it?
Could we live on Mars?
Don’t you see the small horse?
Don’t you see my bench?
It's possible to send people to Mars.
Don’t you see the mother’s daughter?
Can we establish a human settlement on Mars?
Mars is our nearest neighboring planet.
Don’t you see the star in the sky?
Exploring Mars is fascinating.
The ship isn’t big, is it?
They're drinking milk.
You don’t see a strong bench?
It would take seven months to go from Earth to Mars.
You don’t see a vast sea?
You don’t see a good dog?
You don’t see the boy’s cup?
They arrived on Mars.
They landed on Mars.
They left Earth for Mars.
We have sent many robotic rovers to Mars.
Can we reclaim water from Martian ice?
Can astronauts adjust to life on Mars?
From Mars, the Earth looks just like another star.
Why do you want to go to Mars?
We need to study Mars' past.
You should sell your drawings because they're really wonderful.
“The grammar of Esperanto isn’t difficult is it?” “No, it is not difficult.”
This dog is full of ticks.
The teacher called the pupil to him and demanded: “Did you finish the excercise?”
Do you think he was ever loved by his mother?
Your sister isn’t older than you, is she?
Yanni was very Algerian.
Tom and Mary don’t know what you do, do they?
Yanni raised his children in a very Algerian way.
Your brother doesn’t have the same car as you, does he?
He didn't like anything Algerian.
Ask Tom if he is really ready to fight.
Thomas asked me whether I did have a brother.
Tell me if Tom will actually be home.
Yanni buried his father in Algeria.
Tom asked me if I did like Boston.
They wrote to each other in Berber.
Berber is our best common language.
Was the Roman army ever defeated?
Yanni only knew a little bit of Berber when he arrived in Algeria.
Was the Pope’s tomb ever opened?
Yanni spoke Berber with supreme confidence.
Yanni speaks Berber with a bad accent.
Yanni wanted to live away from Algiers.
In Algeria, people don't worship the president.
Yanni had an Islamic upbringing.
Nobody in Algeria wants the separatists.
At what time do you go to bed?
I doubt Tom ever loved you.
After 2014, Bouteflika rarely appeared in public.
Yanni is a pilgrim from Algeria.
Yanni took his family to Algeria to visit his parents.
Yanni suffered from swollen legs.
Yanni suffered from sciatica.
Yanni shut himself away in his room.
Yanni seemed to lead a charmed life.
They are thin.
The healer was the only person who could ease her suffering.
The Bouteflika regime almost brought ruin to Algeria.
Yanni was sent back to Algeria.
Dad is older than mom.
I'll make some sentences about some new people. The new characters are Katrine and Martine.
Katrine and Martine are friends. They live in Oslo and study languages at the university.
Yanni told the story in his somewhat broken Berber.
Katrine has a boyfriend named Truls. They are engaged and will soon get married.
I built this house and you destroyed it.
Martine is secretly in love with Katrine.
It was nice meeting you yesterday.
It's nice to stay inside wrapped in blankets and drinking hot chocolate when it's rainy and windy outside.
If you're learning Norwegian, you should know the word "koselig". You're getting far just by knowing that one word.
The girl brought her favourite plush toy.
The girl brought her favourite teddy bear.
A decade is a span of ten years.
Esther disappointed her fans.
Stan is obsessed with Esther.
A typical male, Tom is only interested in one thing.
Are you feeling lonely?
Was that really an accident?
One of the kittens fell asleep in my lap.
The devil is dead.
"Tom is only interested in one thing." "I know, right? All he ever talks about is speaking French in Boston."
Don’t you see the small car?
Don’t you see a mountain of earth?
Don’t you see my mirror?
Doesn’t the boy see the letter?
Crete isn’t a town, is it?
Sparta isn’t an island, is it?
They’re not married, are they?
You aren’t able to conceal the mystery, are you?
Didn’t he use a condom?
Don’t they have a computer?
You’re not threatening to kill me?
Don’t you have the blue casement?
Tom doesn’t love Mary, does he?
Thomas isn’t alive, is he?
You didn’t kiss him?
You don’t love me, do you Thomas?
You don’t love me, do you Mary?
Paris isn’t far away, is it?
Boston isn’t far away, is it?
This isn’t useful, is it?
He asked if she wasn’t rich.
Must you do that?
You’re not wanting to sleep?
You don’t want to sleep, do you?
Don’t you have my book?
You’re not his son, are you?
The postie hasn’t already been, has he?
The postman hasn’t already been, has he?
Surely Maria doesn’t live alone?
Don’t you want something else?
Hasn’t he forgotten me?
He hasn’t forgotten me, has he?
They're looking at us.
I'm giving her a present.
Have you asked them?
Have you seen a picture of her?
Where can I find a commuter bus?
Go to your granny.
I like American films.
I like American movies.
Those are novels.
Mercury and Venus are as hot as hell.
Mercury is a mysterious planet.
Mercury has a lunar-like landscape.
She wasn't a shepherd.
Venus was once the twin of Earth.
What turned Venus from Earth's twin into a hell?
No human has gone to Venus.
No human has visited Mercury.
Venus and Mercury are inner planets.
Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars are inner planets.
Mercury, Venus, and Mars are our near neighbors.
Mercury is very hot.
On Mercury, a day lasts three months.
Mercury is covered in craters.
Mercury and the Moon are both covered in impact craters.
Mercury has a lot of impact craters.
Humans have never gone to Mercury.
Astronomers are studying Mercury's impact craters.
No human has ever set foot on Mercury.
Mercury has no real atmosphere.
Mercury has craters everywhere.
The surface of Mercury is covered in impact craters.
Astronomers are studying Mercury.
Seen from Earth, Mercury is always low to the horizon.
Mercury is difficult to study from Earth because it's always low to the horizon.
Mercury is difficult to observe from Earth because it's always low to the horizon.
Mercury has an unusual orbit.
Mercury has an unusual rotation period.
Mercury rotates so slowly that a day on it lasts three months on Earth.
Mercury rotates very slowly.
Mercury has a very slow rotation.
Mercury doesn't have plate tectonics.
Mars doesn't have plate tectonics like the Earth does.
Mercury is a small planet.
Many questions about Venus remain unanswered.
NASA's MESSENGER was the first probe to orbit Mercury.
Mercury has the largest impact crater in the Solar System.
Mercury appears geologically inactive.
You can't make heads or tails of it without a pint.
Could you pass me the dictionary?
Mercury doesn't have a magnetic shield to protect it from solar wind.
Mercury is part of the inner Solar System.
Mercury doesn't have a strong magnetic field.
Mercury is the smallest planet in the Solar System.
Mercury has a very weak magnetic field.
Invite her over to our place.
Mercury's dark side is very cold.
Mercury is so close to the Sun.
Mercury is a sun-baked planet.
Mercury's craters have corners where the sun never shines.
It may not be possible to send a human to Mercury.
Mercury is a bizarre world.
Mercury is a tough world.
Mercury has water ice in the darkest corners of its craters.
MESSENGER mapped Mercury.
Mercury has a scorching environment.
Mercury is one of the most difficult planets in the Solar System to study.
Mercury is close in size to our moon.
Mercury is three times closer to the Sun than Earth.
Water exists in the form of ice on Mercury.
Mercury is the hottest planet in the Solar System.
Mercury's surface is blasted by solar radiation.
Mercury's side facing away from the Sun is very cold.
Mercury's night side is very cold.
She can both speak and write French.
Mercury has pockets of frozen water.
Mercury's core is huge compared to the planet itself.
Mercury is very close to the Sun.
Mercury is just three thousand miles across.
Mercury is just miles across.
Mercury is smaller than Earth.
Mercury is the smallest of the inner planets.
Mercury has a weird geological structure.
Astronomers think that Mercury lost most of its mantle after a collision with another planet.
Are you going to write to her?
Astronomers think that Mercury was hit by a planet smaller than itself and caused it to lose most of its mantle.
I have sent a letter to them.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our Solar System.
Mercury is a terrestrial planet.
Mercury has three main geological layers: a core, a mantle, and a crust.
Mercury's core has an exceptional size.
Mercury is a planet of extremes.
Mercury travels around the Sun in an elliptical orbit.
From Earth, Mercury is difficult to observe.
From Earth, Mercury is difficult to observe because it's so close to the Sun.
Mercury is so near the Sun that it's very difficult to observe from Earth.
I do not read his stories.
I don't read his stories.
In 1974, Mariner took almost pictures of the surface of Mercury.
Mercury is the first planet from the Sun.
Mercury is smaller than some moons in the Solar System.
Little is known about Mercury.
Mercury has been observed for thousands of years.
Mercury cannot be seen easily from the Earth.
Mercury can be seen during the twilight of sunrise or sunset.
Mercury has the shortest orbit of any planet in the Solar System.
Mercury rotates once every fifty nine days.
Mercury has almost no atmosphere.
Mercury's environment is harsh.
The environment on Mercury is harsh.
Mercury has a rocky body like the Earth and Mars.
Mercury is the only planet in the Solar System that doesn't have moons of its own.
Mercury once had active volcanoes on its surface.
Astronomers continue to study Mercury.
From Mercury, the Sun looks three times bigger than it looks from the Earth.
Mercury's atmosphere is really thin.
Mercury is gray.
Mercury is the fastest rotating planet around the Sun.
Mercury is the planet with the most craters in the Solar System.
We can see Mercury in the sky.
Mercury is the innermost of the planets of the Solar System.
Mercury moves so rapidly around the Sun.
Mercury orbits the Sun once every days.
Ferhat Mehenni is the leader of a separatist group.
Mercury has the most elliptical orbit of any planet in the Solar System.
Ferhat Mehenni is the founder and leader of a separatist group.
I did this over a year ago.
I did that when I was here.
Skura did that when she was here.
Yanni and Skura did that when they were here.
Skura and Nuja did that when they were here.
Skura was able to answer all the questions.
Yanni and Skura were able to answer all the questions.
Skura and Nuja were able to answer all the questions.
They were able to answer all the questions.
I hear he got sick.
Gold is a denser metal than iron.
Yanni beat him.
He would sometimes eat out.
Yanni beat her.
Yanni beat Skura.
Yanni beat Skura and Nuja.
I'll take this brown tie.
I'll buy this brown tie.
Yanni beat Ziri and Skura.
Yanni beat them.
Please wait for five more minutes.
I beat her.
What are we offering?
I beat Yanni.
I beat Skura.
We all thought you were married.
I beat Yanni and Skura.
I beat Skura and Nuja.
She beat me.
She beat her.
She beat Yanni.
She beat Skura.
She beat Yanni and Skura.
She beat Skura and Nuja.
He beat him.
He beat her.
He beat Yanni.
He beat Skura.
He beat Yanni and Skura.
He beat Skura and Nuja.
Skura beat me.
Skura beat him.
Skura beat her.
Skura beat Yanni.
Skura beat Nuja.
Skura beat Yanni and Nuja.
Skura beat Nuja and Mira.
Skura beat them.
Are you feeling pangs of conscience or pangs of hunger?
Are those pangs of conscience that you're feeling, or just pangs of hunger?
Yanni and Skura beat me.
Yanni and Skura beat him.
Yanni and Skura beat her.
Yanni and Skura beat Nuja.
Yanni and Skura beat Ziri.
We're concerned about our daughter's health.
Yanni and Skura beat Nuja and Lina.
Does she have a lot of books?
Tom moved to Kiev when he was only five.
Please wait five more minutes.
If it isn't her, it's him who wakes you up!
I haven't noticed him.
I didn't notice him.
Everyone heard what they wanted to hear.
She's an attorney.
He's an attorney.
It's as long as we wake up.
The fog started to dissipate about ten o'clock.
You will find him.
Is it really the man that you are looking for?
Yanni was born in Algiers on April 4, 2004.
Will anybody translate it?
Is anyone going to translate that?
Yanni is speaking in plain Berber.
Yanni learned Berber and Arabic.
Yanni's life has changed forever.
Although Algeria is surrounded by enemies, it has a strong army.
Yanni's mother died in Algiers.
Algeria isn't on the brink of civil war.
Adolf Eichmann hated rules and was contemptuous of bureaucracy.
Yanni left Algeria to deal with his family problems in Germany.
Idir was welcomed back into the embrace of his native Algeria.
Algeria's national unity is once again under threat.
Yanni was denied by his father.
Yanni was denied by his biological father.
Yanni is aging.
Yanni is alive but he's not well.
Yanni was waiting impatiently for Skura to come.
Yanni lived in a little town in Algeria.
Yanni was Skura's only uncle.
Yanni was spending some quality time with his mother.
Yanni and Skura hung out for a while.
Yanni was teaching Skura how to shoot a gun.
Yanni has his quirks.
Yanni was on the pier.
Yanni has a high tolerance to pain.
Yanni ruined the good time we were all having.
Yanni heard the fish splashing around in the pond.
Yanni decided to spend the night at his mother's.
Yanni ended up sleeping in the car.
Yanni told Skura not to worry.
Yanni went into a rage.
Yanni hung up after calling Skura a bitch.
Yanni called Skura a few more time.
Yanni disappeared from Skura's life.
Yanni went on with his life.
Yanni was so strict.
Yanni was smoking cigarettes.
Yanni headed back to his neighborhood.
Yanni missed the train.
Yanni showed up for work that afternoon.
Yanni got a phone call from the police.
Yanni was overwhelmed by sadness.
Yanni said Skura's name.
Yanni grew up on the outskirts of Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni's town isn't too far from Algiers.
Yanni drank a few beers.
Yanni trudged through the forest in pitch black darkness.
Yanni kept walking.
Yanni ran back towards the camp site.
Yanni turned around and ran back towards the camp site.
Yanni ran for his life.
Yanni unlocked his car.
Yanni left the fire burning at the camp site.
Yanni bolted back to his car.
Yanni was sitting by the fire.
Yanni sat by the fire.
Yanni went hiking on Thursday.
Yanni and Skura brought lunches with them.
Yanni had to get out of there.
Yanni scared the crap out of Skura.
Yanni was concerned.
Yanni had that gut feeling that he was living the last minutes of his life.
Yanni went back there.
Yanni moved to Algiers when Skura was four months old.
Algiers is quite a unique city.
Yanni lived on top of a hill.
Yanni took a shortcut.
Yanni had his own computer.
Yanni was on his computer.
Yanni was chatting on his computer.
Yanni flung open the passenger side door.
Yanni wore a puffy vest.
Yanni motioned Skura to open the garage door.
Yanni handed Skura a shovel.
Yanni began to dig.
Yanni dug for five to ten minutes.
Yanni knew what he saw.
Yanni saw footprints in the dirt.
Yanni threw the bag into the hole.
Yanni wasn't able to explain that.
Let me finish eating, please.
Algeria is no longer facing the threat of a civil war.
Ambition and vanity got the better of the leader of the Lilliputian separatists.
Yanni interposed himself between his father and mother.
Before Yanni could hit his wife, his eldest daughter interposed herself between them.
The leader of the separatists will never rehabilitate himself on the Algerian political scene.
They started without me.
The leader of the separatists has certainly made a secret deal with some foreign powers.
The leader of the separatists is accused by many of treason and treating with foreign powers.
The leader of the separatists is banned from the country.
The leader of the separatists called people to arms.
The leader of the separatists has grown so bold.
The separatist project has miserably failed.
Yanni and Skura were corresponding in code.
The public hates the leader of the separatists.
The leader of the separatists is a despised political figure.
The leader of the separatists is in serious mental decline.
Yanni asked Skura to get him to his feet.
Why are you so scared of the separatists? They're just a bunch of cowardly thugs.
When was the last time you used a broom?
The leader of the separatists has deranged views.
Yanni had a Berber teacher called Skura Ziri.
The leader of the separatists pretends to believe in his cause passionately.
Algiers is one of Africa's greatest cities.
The leader of the separatists has plunged into a deep depression.
The leader of the separatists is teaching his followers to loathe anyone who is not with their separatist group.
Yanni's eyesight returned.
The leader of the racist separatist group is convinced he's a man of destiny.
Hatred grew in the leader of the separatists.
In 2018, the leader of the separatists tried to form a paramilitary organization.
Everybody knows about the leader of the separatists and his fascist group.
The leader of the separatists is finished.
The leader of the separatists has extreme racist views.
Yanni was taking dictation.
In Naima Salhi's deranged universe, Kabyles are the cause of every problem under the sun.
To his supporters, the leader of the separatists is the Messiah.
The leader of the separatists views himself as the "savior" of his region.
The leader of the separatists is a political agitator.
The leader of the separatists is no more than a political agitator.
The leader of the separatists began his creation of a Lilliputian master race.
The leader of the separatists has created a Lilliputian master race.
The leader of the separatists should be arrested for high treason.
The leader of the separatists is deranged.
To his supporters, the head of the separatist group is a godlike supreme leader.
The leader of the separatists is a mad man.
The leader of the separatists wants to start a war of racial annihilation.
The leader of the separatists views himself as a member of a master race.
The leader of the separatists wants to plunge the nation into a civil war.
The leader of the separatists will ultimately be proven wrong.
Algeria is stable.
Today, Algeria is stable and united. It's everything that its enemies hate.
I was having breakfast when I saw the fire in the garden.
Yanni chose to leave in comfort with his mother.
Yanni's performance at school deteriorated.
The leader of the separatists has no political allies on the national political scene.
The leader of the separatists is viewed by many as a traitor to his country.
The leader of the separatists wants to make our region a hotbed of political agitation.
The leader of the separatists started to air his racist views.
The leader of the separatists has lost influence in our region.
The leader of the separatists is in full control of his fascist group.
The leader of the separatists should be arrested and tried for high treason.
The leader of the separatists is known for his inflammatory speeches.
The government needs to act against the separatist group before things go too far.
The leader of the separatists' strategic gamble won't pay off.
Only you think it's a problem.
The provisional government set up by the leader of the separatists is totally ignored and unrecognized by our national authorities.
Not a single country in the world recognizes or has official contacts with the so-called provisional government set up by the microscopic separatist group in Paris.
The leader of the separatists has made many colossal mistakes.
The fate of the separatist group is sealed.
The leader of the separatists is becoming more and more desperate and irrational.
You don’t you see the rose, do you?
You’re not American, are you?
You don’t like the town, do you?
You don’t see my son, do you?
You’re not going there on business, are you?
I was shopping when this guy stole my wallet.
This isn’t your son is it, Betty?
You don’t see me as angry, do you?
We aren’t going to the city centre, are we?
You won’t you go to the concert with me, will you?
That student doesn’t run very fast, does he?
It isn’t hard to speak English, is it?
You haven’t seen my daughter’s pen, have you?
You haven’t seen the boy’s little table, have you?
You haven’t seen the queen’s charming daughter, have you?
The river’s water isn’t good, is it?
The cold of the night isn’t very pleasant, is it?
You can’t see a golden cup, can you?
You don’t see a golden cup, do you?
Your mother isn’t severe, is she?
Your father isn’t content, is he?
You don’t see my brother’s horse, do you?
You don’t see a rose or a book?
“You weren’t at home, were you?” “No, I wasn’t.”
Gringos aren't our friends.
You don’t wash your dog every day, do you?
The Atlantic Ocean isn’t small, is it?
"Bleach it or bleach us," said the almond tree to the snow.
Don't eat before going to bed!
A zookeeper is in critical condition after she was attacked Friday by two lions at a zoo.
The 35-year-old woman was cleaning the enclosure when she was mauled by the lions at the Shoalhaven Zoo south near Nowra, about 1,kilometers south of Sydney.
The 35-year-old woman was cleaning the enclosure when she was mauled by the lions.
The woman suffered wounds to her head and neck.
Medical first responders say the woman was unconscious on the ground when they arrived.
In 2014, a handler was dragged into the water by a crocodile, but escaped with minor injuries.
Crikey!
She confesses to having stolen the jewelry.
We were walking and we fell.
People have variety. My preferred model of anthropology has four subspecies of the human species: Mongoloid (variants Sundadont, Sinodont, and Super-Sinodont), Caucasoid (variants Nordic and Mediterranean), Negroid (variants Congoid and Capoid), and Australoid (variants Veddoid, Negrito, Papuan, Melanesian, Aborigine).
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it would rain.
I feel like eating some roast chestnuts.
It's said Czech women are beautiful.
“The manager said within himself, ‘What will I do, seeing that my lord is taking away the management position from me? I don’t have strength to dig. I am ashamed to beg.
Was that an earthquake?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French or English?
My last girlfriend was Slovakian and now I have a Ukrainian fiancée.
Tom is an interesting man: he wakes up in the morning, he eats a soup with a spoon, he lives in a house, and he is ill if he catches cold.
I'm unhappy despite all my wealth.
Why aren't you answering my message?
You are a very rich person.
The Moon is not a star. It is Earth's satellite.
Independence or death!
You should learn not to ask too many questions.
Your religion is for you and my religion is for me.
Which play is famous in your country?
It is said that she is a very good cook.
This new computer program can easily be learned.
I don't ride horses.
What would you say to watching a movie at night?
Actually, she is a millionaire.
Ali is an athletic player.
I am the oldest but I'm still very young.
I want to buy shoes.
I don't go outside during winter.
There are some things I don't understand.
Why don't you write?
We think, therefore we are.
You should speak in a whisper at the library.
My name is Nevruz.
I have a much greater surprise for you.
John will probably make a mistake.
The Hittites are one of the civilizations of the ancient era that lived in Anatolia.
The lamb skins were also valuable.
Anyhow, we'll meet in the evening.
What did you do all day?
The days shortened.
You aren't working hard.
The voice shook Yanni to his core.
The children are not playing football in the park.
Yanni's friend wouldn't do this.
Yanni was sitting with Skura at the lunch table.
Yanni has Skura's current number.
Yanni applied for a new job.
Yanni gave that idiot his number.
Yanni called at least forty times.
Yanni left a message to Skura.
Yanni bought Skura a new swimsuit.
Yanni ended up calling the police.
Yanni ended up changing his police.
Yanni escorted that customer out.
Yanni changed departments.
Yanni met Skura at the supermarket.
Yanni was harassing another girl who world there.
Yanni was driving an ice cream truck.
Yanni didn't recognize the song.
Yanni was caressing Skura's purse in an almost sexual way.
Yanni was looking for his grandmother.
Yanni has forgotten his cigarettes like he always does.
Yanni's breath smelt earthy like he had eaten soil.
Yanni's breath smelt funky.
Yanni clinched Skura's wrist.
Yanni likes rock n' roll.
Yanni finished school at four.
Yanni sat in his living room, watching TV.
Yanni was having a yard sale.
Yanni's store is opening soon.
Yanni heard some glass clinking together.
Yanni sat on the grass.
Yanni felt safe being inside his house.
Yanni resembled a rabid animal.
Yanni started screaming curses at Skura.
Yanni saw Skura in the yard.
Yanni saw Skura in the front yard when he drove by.
Skura cut Yanni's private parts up.
Yanni was in a similar situation as Skura.
Yanni couldn't help but notice Skura's punkish look.
Yanni was a year older than us.
Yanni had tons of friends.
Skura always had at least one guy by her side.
Yanni didn't like Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni was a tall and lanky guy.
There were rumors of Skura being pregnant by Yanni.
Yanni swam till after dark.
Yanni's swimming pool is behind the house.
Yanni was walking in the woods.
Yanni swam around the entire pool.
Yanni heard that noise again.
Yanni called for his dogs.
From a Korean TV show, a Korean says, "You'd rather learn a phonogram!"
Yanni is Ziri's best friend.
Thoughts are forces.
Yanni lives in barracks.
Yanni is in the army.
Yanni left the door of the closet open.
Yanni was carrying a weapon.
Yanni stayed the night and continued to drink.
Yanni and Skura lived in the same area.
Yanni left the bar after the fight.
She doesn't remember me.
She seems not to remember me.
Yanni noticed the dead-end sign but he continued to drive.
She can't remember it. She wasn't there.
Yanni said it was too cold to sleep in the van.
Yanni argued with the state trooper.
Yanni couldn't prove his theory.
Yanni lives in rural Algeria.
Yanni didn't even see the movie trailer.
Yanni's family is kind of conservative.
Yanni is interested in the paranormal.
Yanni said that people mysteriously disappeared in that area.
Yanni had cuts of completely different sizes and depth.
Yanni has a house in a forest in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni knew nothing about the place.
Yanni lost track of time.
Yanni doesn't remember the incident.
Yanni was too young to remember the accident.
Yanni lives in another part of this forest.
Yanni was taken to the psychiatric unit.
Yanni was completely normal before he set foot into this hospital.
Yanni found himself in Algeria.
Yanni grew up in the north of Algeria.
Yanni was living in Algeria for university.
Yanni saw a heavily tattooed punk standing near his car in the parking lot.
Yanni has a massive German shepherd.
Yanni has two friendly dogs.
Yanni is playing music.
Yanni was checking his phone.
Yanni is another neighbor.
Yanni's dog ran after a squirrel.
Yanni was holding a rifle.
Yanni has a handgun.
Yanni angled himself to face the policeman.
Yanni's poodle loves literally everyone.
Yanni heard a gun go off.
Yanni lives in a very small town of about people in Algeria.
Yanni was a drug dealer.
Yanni was an addict.
Yanni is a depraved person with interests in minors.
Yanni is a creepy person.
Yanni went to primary school in Algiers.
Yanni sold his small property.
Yanni managed to fight his assailant off.
Yanni enjoyed fantasy movies.
Yanni was too scared to go out in the dark.
Yanni climbed the fence to escape.
Yanni took the dirt road to get to the hill.
Yanni's house is at the base of the hill.
Yanni has a pile of rusted old cars in his backyard.
Yanni got off the road.
Yanni's truck disappeared behind a thick patch of trees.
Yanni shined a spotlight on the trees.
Yanni sprinted towards the police station.
Yanni wasn't able to outrun Skura's pitbull.
Yanni's mother came looking for him.
Yanni went on a backpacking trip in Algeria.
Yanni is one of the leaders.
Yanni was talking to a young woman.
Yanni was calling Skura's name.
Yanni was a seasoned hiker.
Yanni still searches Skura's name on Facebook.
Yanni was living for Algeria for a year.
Yanni passed through a rural town in northern Algeria.
Yanni was wearing a Halloween costume.
Yanni's skin was gray.
Yanni didn't pay any attention to that man.
Yanni was walking slowly and sadly through the park.
Yanni lived near an asylum.
Yanni was a mental patient.
Yanni was hunting and eating rabbits.
Yanni's body was hanging from the bridge.
Yanni came over on Halloween night.
Yanni showed up on Thursday.
Yanni pulled the key out of the ignition.
Yanni decided to stay on the bus.
Yanni was in the back seat.
Yanni turned to his right to look at Skura.
Yanni turned his head to the other way to see who was coming.
Yanni ripped the car door open and pulled Skura out.
Yanni started yelling in Skura's ear.
Yanni started yelling profanities.
Yanni had a cute chihuahua.
Yanni's labrador seemed friendly.
Yanni watched the car in the mirror as it sped away.
Yanni passed under the bridge.
Yanni picked a rock up.
Yanni told his dad about it when he got home.
Yanni was wearing a flannel shirt.
Yanni walked into the bamboo forest.
Yanni is just in front of us.
Yanni drove through the bridge.
Yanni was sick of kids playing near his house.
Yanni doesn't believe in paranormal things.
Yanni owns a house in Algeria.
I thought that I'd never see you.
I thought I'd never see you.
Yanni was standing in the doorway.
Yanni's dog stopped right next to Skura's tent.
Yanni had a blanket over him.
Yanni told his parents his story.
Yanni walked on the loose floorboards.
Reading is one of Yanni's most treasured pastimes.
Yanni borrowed that book from the library.
Yanni read the book dozens of times.
Yanni orally recited the story to his younger brothers.
Yanni is familiar with rural Algeria, which is where he grew up.
Yanni likes vampire stories.
Yanni transformed into a monster.
Yanni did horrible experiments on animals.
Yanni still resides in those woods to this very day.
Yanni wrote a book about mythological creatures.
Yanni lives in northern Algeria.
Yanni was forced to abandon his homestead.
Yanni found a suitable spot for pitching a tent.
Yesterday I went for a walk in the park.
We don’t see what is under our noses.
Eddie Cohen hates Algeria.
Wash your hands often!
Marie has lost her camera.
Marie lost her camera.
I wouldn't touch that with a ten foot pole.
Her mother nodded and laughed.
Nature has a calming effect.
Exposure to nature has a calming effect.
Looking at nature has a calming effect.
Being out in nature can have a calming effect.
speed bumps
Is that an astrolabe?
It is the best of my life.
She decided to stay with us for a while.
He decided to stay with us for a while.
I took my dad to the airport now.
I just took my dad to the airport.
She reads a book.
She eats meat.
He eats meat.
She carefully listens the teacher.
He carefully listens the teacher.
I always drink cold water.
Let's run away!
Don't confuse yourself with me!
I was very naughty when I was little.
Listen to what I will say!
I can give you very little money.
It's enough that you should know this.
She writes her poems from the heart.
Can you understand Finnish?
I'll have the pleasure of seeing you when you get back.
In the April air there hang an ineffable perfume which whispered the secret name of spring.
I could not let Tom leave.
I should have gone after him.
This place is dire.
I am a sophomore.
Sami admitted doing this.
We appreciate quality.
In this book you will find two variations in Esperanto of the Hippocratic Oath: one drawn from the orginal oat in Latin and the other from the French version of the French Order of Physicians.
What makes Tom different from his peers?
Nothing left there.
Nothing remained there.
Aren't you bored watching this boob tube?
Ali will come soon. Put a tea.
Tom didn't thank us for what we did. What a rude!
Chessboard consists of rows and columns.
I want to add search engine to my blog, how can i do that?
I suggest the following change.
It is a very special music.
Yanni escaped capture dressed as a woman.
Yanni was banished from the kingdom.
He must have mistaken me for someone else.
Yanni made preparations to return to Algeria.
Yanni reached Algiers four days later.
Yanni will be held accountable.
Yanni was decapitated and his head placed on a spike.
Yanni adored his father.
Yanni inherited his father's property in Algeria.
You need to replace the fuse.
In the garden, asters are blooming.
Asters bloom in the garden.
Yanni was playing with fire.
Yanni became a Catholic.
Yanni always yearned to become a Muslim.
Have you tried screaming?
It was a silent fart.
It was as useless as a chocolate teapot.
My computer's fan is making a lot of noise.
Ali bounced the ball on his foot.
Which child is Masao?
Who invited them?
Do you really know her?
Beer makes a lot of foam.
What a great friend you are!
I make breakfast at every morning.
There's a post office at the end of the street.
That man is reading the paper.
That man is reading the newspaper.
Many suspected that Yanni was a Muslim. They were right.
In your opinion, is Tom right?
Yanni wants to die a Muslim.
Yanni ascended to the throne of the kingdom.
I still don't know what I'm going to draw, but I'll take a sheet of paper and some pencils and sit at my desk.
Is Tom right, in your opinion?
Ali's grandpa was a pharmacist.
You visited Israel.
Is Tom denying this?
Did they visit Switzerland?
I lived in Amed four years.
I lived in Diyarbakir four years.
You didn't put me to sleep.
I feel so bad today.
You didn't visit Russia.
Ali got engaged.
No, I will not comment on this topic.
I’m not picky. Anyone who has a good personality is fine for me.
The more friends you have, the better.
Ali's grandpa was a shoeshiner.
Explain everything from the start.
You visited Madagascar.
Ali's grandpa was a lathe operator.
It is easy to learn the Cyrillic alphabet but it is hard for new learners of Russian to fluently read texts written with the Cyrillic alphabet.
It is exactly like I thought.
Let's go if you're not sick.
Ali is drunk on love.
Ali's grandpa was a solderer.
They visited Mexico.
Are we going to China on vacation?
I'm not going to Colombia on vacation.
Are they not at home?
Take a book and read it!
Brazil is one of the BRIC countries.
Aren't we reading?
Why are you afraid of death this much?
Each thing of mine is yours.
Everything of mine is yours.
You're really clever.
Let's hurry to find an empty table in the cafeteria.
Alpha Centauri is about 4.light years away from our sun.
She returned a few years later.
In this way, she lost all her money.
She wants to learn many things.
She died without descendants
We tend to make errors
Don't demand anything of them
I know that I really love Mary.
You don't need money now.
It appears as if a fifth of all car accidents happen because of lack of sleep
She stayed here for a moment
I heard your plan and I don't like it.
We are going to Norway on vacation.
We were working from morning to evening.
You didn't visit Slovakia.
Money is not everything, but without money, everything is nothing.
Didn't they visit South Africa?
What are you doing on your day off?
Stop playing your video game for a minute and help me assemble this desk.
She turned off the lamp and immediately tripped over the toy that had been left in the middle of the floor by her niece.
How many sentences have you written today?
Roll out your mats and start stretching.
A family of bats was living in the attic.
Wow, your TV is really small!
Someone stole my bike and I decided not to buy a new one.
Spackle the walls and then we'll paint.
The dog isn't sleeping
The jade plant in the corner had been passed down through the family for generations.
What animal shapes do you see in the clouds?
The cat isn't sleeping
Let the dog out, would you?
The little boy grinned from ear to ear as he held his baby sister for the first time.
The fan stopped spinning but I was able to fix it with oil.
The car is running
I love Japanese and Korean because they are really interesting
That is not incredible
You know it's summer when warm water starts coming out of the cold tap.
Use empty liquor boxes to box up your books. They won't be too heavy that way.
The calculator died and there's no way to access the battery without breaking it. Like many things these days, it was made to be disposable.
Don't bend over! Your robe is too short.
Do you prefer vodka or gin in your mixed drinks?
Her running shoes sat off to the side, waiting to be used for the first time.
She's wonderful.
She checked out an armful of books from the public library.
My to-read pile never gets shorter.
One of the hinges on that door is broken.
My dog misses playing with other people.
I grow spinach, broccoli, and eggplant in my raised garden bed.
The little wooden bowl from Denmark was chipped on the edge.
These fake wood floors scratch very easily.
Stop while you're ahead.
She lives in your neck of the woods.
The house has a lot of natural light.
Erasers are not made well these days.
It's too hot to wear a sweater most of the year.
It's cold enough to wear a sweater only a couple days a year.
Hold off on the celebrations until we've had word that it's official.
What are you thankful for?
The air conditioner kept kicking on and waking her up.
Why do I send you anything? You always forget to check your mail!
This restaurant around the corner is the best one in town!
A stravenue is a strange name for a road.
Be patient. She's learning to tie her shoes.
Grandpa was known for wearing white velcro shoes.
The soldiers were well-treated and fought for a cause.
She will attempt to visit all the sky islands in the state in one week.
Just talking about apple crisp is making my mouth water. Let's make it!
Tatoeba really misses him.
The children aren't playing football in the park.
I feel like eating some roasted chestnuts.
Don't be a sore loser.
She doesn't seem to remember me.
He doesn't seem to remember me.
At only 17, Avi Schiffmann has built one of the most popular coronavirus-tracking websites in the world.
The site gets more than million visits a day.
Many consider him a genius.
Avi has been offered high-paying jobs and contracts.
He who wants to win everything must give up on everything.
Rabbi Akiva recited the Shema as he was flayed by the Romans.
Why do you hate America?
Heritage speakers learn a different language at home than the one spoken in the region where they live, and are typically capable in both, though their strength in each language varies.
It is the light of darkness that will dazzle us, we who look at blindness as white as a black lamb.
That's the old man I want to be.
Wherever you go, I will go, and wherever you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. Wherever you die, I will die, and there I will be buried.
Donald Trump is a vicious dog.
In chemistry, a phosphate is an anion, salt, functional group or ester derived from a phosphoric acid.
I couldn't let Tom leave.
Tom thinks everything is about him.
Tom makes everything about him.
Mary thinks everything is about her.
Mary makes everything about her.
A lot of things really are about Tom, I guess.
Why does Tom have to make everything about him?
Tom won't let anyone get a word in edgewise.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom, and all he talked about was himself.
Ruth always says that.
Why would Ruth, of all people, think that?
I think the picture is gorgeous.
I think the picture of them is gorgeous.
You've talked about this quite a few times.
I totally get it, too.
I totally get it.
Ruth loves it, too.
This is some of your best work.
What's the second one?
I don't get it often.
Also, it's probably true.
I love them and I love you.
I woke up at midnight after sleeping for four hours.
I've seen that one around.
Paul Wexler has a junk theory about the origin of Yiddish.
Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
I would feel weird about using those, too.
It's a two-way street.
That's not good or healthy.
Maybe I'm speaking in truisms.
I traced it from a photograph.
That doesn't mean I wanted it.
I love that band, too.
They can think what they want about that.
What changes about my life if these labels don't apply to me, though?
It's never worthwhile.
It's always toxic.
I only know the song because it was a meme.
I know that's a bad idea.
Abusive people will wear you down.
Fucking pig.
I've never felt that.
I missed the opportunity to get to know her better.
I've been told I'm kind and compassionate.
Mixing amongst the human subspecies Mongoloids, Caucasoids, Negroids, and Australoids is quite common.
I don't feel I put those skills to use with her.
I'd rather be crying than not crying.
I wonder if they say the same thing.
It's a difficult topic.
It's a bit of a sore point.
I need to follow up.
What changes about your life if these labels don't apply to you, though?
Tom's spam filter was too good.
Ruth was a Moabite.
The Moabite language was very closely related to Hebrew.
In Moabite, the masculine plural ending was -in instead of -im.
Philippine indigenous culture is quite aural-oral as television, videos, and movies outshine literature. Often, the English-language section of Philippine bookstores is larger than the indigenous-language section.
Get out before your mom sees us.
Go before your mom sees us.
I'm freezing to death.
She loves her older brother.
He is reading verses from the Qur'an.
Could you teach me how to fight?
She says she wants to talk.
The website is visited over million times a day.
Why do you hate the United States?
Don't lean on the door.
I might be a bit late.
You will get your money.
At Tatoeba a sentence only feels good when it is accompanied by its sisters and cousins, the translations.
It was ages since I'd eaten.
Are you going on vacation to Paraguay?
You are not an elephant. You are a small animal.
My phone number changed again.
I know that my friend will come tomorrow.
I will complain to the police about you.
Don't worry; I don't want to kill myself.
Ali's grandfather was a cobbler.
I'm going to Serbia on vacation.
I never see her in my dreams.
She is a pop star.
You aren't going to Bosnia on vacation.
Why do you want me to volunteer for this work?
And what was this sound?
You were working hard.
There are six hours of class every day.
Yes, I cried this time.
She was shopping in London.
Actually, I know her.
The books were on the table.
I'm not deceiving anyone.
I'm getting my hair cut.
The children weren't in bed.
I can't read your thoughts.
Was I too late?
Are you going to travel?
Ali doesn't have bad habits.
They are in Berlin.
I don't like to grumble.
The answer wasn't right.
The answer was not right.
Yanni was born in the northern Algerian city of Bejaia.
Skura named her son after the eponymous ancestor of the Ayt Yanni tribe in Kabylie, Algeria.
The separatists use intimidation to get their own way.
The separatists use threats and intimidation to get their own way.
He suggested telling them the whole truth.
The separatists have a reputation of threatening and intimidating people online.
Many separatists were arrested for political agitation.
He has been writing articles for various separatist websites.
The racist separatists are dreaming about becoming the dominant political force in the region.
The separatists want to create a fascist state in our region.
I'm going grey.
They are parents.
They're parents.
The separatists want to take control of our region.
Can Tebboune transform Algeria into an industrial power?
The separatists set up a government in exile.
The separatists are much weaker than before.
The separatists are weak.
The separatists are promoting hatred.
The separatists are promoting racial hatred.
The separatist leader is worshiped by his followers.
The separatist leader has transformed his group into a cult.
When the separatist leader returned from Canada, he was welcomed by a handful of his supporters at the airport.
The separatists seem to be convinced of their racial superiority.
It seems that the separatists are not aware of their total insignificance on the national political scene.
The separatists are just an army of insignificant Lilliputians.
The separatists are no longer a threat in our country.
It seems that the separatists don't realize their total insignificance on the national political scene.
Despite all the campaigns the separatists make online, they're virtually unknown by everyone.
The leader of the separatists has secured funding from foreign powers.
The separatists are trying to use every trick in the book to gain popularity.
The separatists pose a threat to our national unity.
The leader of the separatists will never be able to rectify his political blunders.
The mental health of the leader of the separatists is in decline.
He remained loyal to the leader of the separatists.
The leader of the separatists wants to be the leader of a fascist puppet state in the north of our country.
The leader of the separatists is now a shadow of his former self.
If the leader of the separatists comes to our region, he will be spat at and kicked out.
The leader of the separatists' arrogance proved to be his undoing.
Yanni was born in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Yanni gained a degree in Berber.
He didn't want me to phone him.
Yanni returned to Algiers as a Berber teacher.
Yanni has a collection of Algerian coins.
She didn't want me to phone her.
Yanni joined the Algerian army.
One of the subjects Yanni is required to master is the Berber language.
Yanni kept a diary in Berber.
Yanni was born in the mountains of northern Algeria.
Many separatists have strong racist views.
He is now involved with the separatist group.
The leader of the separatists is known for his bombastic speech.
The value of the Algerian dinar has fallen.
Germans desperately need Russian gas to heat their homes.
The separatists are no longer able to organize mass meetings in our region.
We're witnessing the downfall of the separatist group.
He has joined the separatist group.
He joined the separatist group much to his parents' displeasure.
The leader of the separatist is left without a powerful friend through which he could make himself known.
The separatists are becoming obsessed with their racist ideas.
He joined an obscure separatist group.
He joined the separatist group.
This separatist activist's job consists in securing funding for the separatist group.
He was taken with her separatist ideas.
Drents is a group of variants of the Low Saxon regional language.
They're working on expanding the membership of their insignificant separatist group.
Yanni is still in Algeria.
The separatist group is becoming more militaristic and radical.
The separatist group will soon collapse.
The separatist group will soon be dissolved.
The president of the separatist group is the dictator of his own political group.
People are now increasingly voicing their concern regarding the influence of the racist separatist group.
The leader of the separatist group is increasingly arrogant.
The leader of the separatists is the head of a clownish government in exil.
No idea what I should do.
I'm just sitting here staring at nothing since I don't know what to do.
I don't give a shit what you think.
I'm going grey above my ears.
I have some white hair.
The separatists want to replace Islam altogether in our region.
The separatists are extremely racist and Islamophobic.
Let his name be obliterated!
It is as useless as a chocolate teapot.
They're fathers.
They are fathers.
They're mothers.
They are mothers.
The dawn, with its rosy fingers, caresses the crowd with flowers.
Tom-ophobia is on the rise at Tatoeba.
Ilya acts like he's entitled to whatever he wants.
Passionflix turns your favorite romance novels into movies and series.
Fascists must present their enemies as simultaneously weak and powerful, ridiculous and menacing, insignificant and an existential threat to the security and stability of the nation.
Not to worry though, right?
The fog is lifting.
Yemach shmoy!
Yimach shemo!
Tom should've fallen years ago.
This is SpaceX’s second spaceflight test of its Crew Dragon and its first test with astronauts aboard.
“Today a new era in human spaceflight begins as we once again launched American astronauts on American rockets from American soil on their way to the International Space Station, our national lab orbiting Earth,” said NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine.
This is an important step on our path to expand human exploration to the Moon and Mars.
The U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists Saturday condemned reported attacks by police and protesters against journalists covering the demonstrations across the country that erupted after the Monday death in Minneapolis of George Floyd, an African American, in police custody.
“Targeted attacks on journalists, media crews, and news organizations covering the demonstrations show a complete disregard for their critical role in documenting issues of public interest and are an unacceptable attempt to intimidate them,” CPJ program director Carlos Martínez de la Serna said in the statement.
Greece may be a top vacation destination, but for the British, Americans and Italians dreaming of getting away, the country will be off limits for some time.
British and American travelers normally make up the biggest and most affluent pool of visitors to Greece.
Italy has snapped back at Greece's designs, saying blacklisting countries and travelers isn't fair, and that Italy would not allow itself to be viewed and treated as what one leading official called "a leper colony."
The island of Crete is a popular holiday destination.
It has already stopped raining, so we could go for a walk.
There's one more thing left to learn.
There is one more thing left you must learn.
No idea what to do.
Yanni died of sepsis.
The Palestinians will never leave their lands.
It seems that the attempts of the separatist group to gain popularity in our region have failed.
He's a member of a fringe separatist group.
Sea shells have already been used as currency.
Write it, please.
I have read both these books.
The separatist flag is banned by the public in popular marches.
The separatist flag has become a racist symbol.
The separatist flag has become a symbol of radicalism and racist hatred.
We have to stay until the end.
What am I supposed to do then?
What should I do then?
We are visiting our aunt next Sunday.
She washed the dishes and then made herself coffee.
NASA astronauts Robert Behnken and Douglas Hurley aboard the SpaceX Dragon Endeavour have arrived at the International Space Station.
Mary experienced her first orgasm with Tom.
This train is very old.
I have warned you several times.
That rat-faced bastard Tom beat up my younger brother. He better pray that I don't find him.
Cats are such sweethearts.
Cats are so sweet.
Cats are so cute.
She just protected the family from the father.
Tom and Yanni watched gay porn.
Yanni is my favorite Greek musician.
Some sentences are like eagles. They don't flock together with translations. You find them one at a time.
Come here to me.
Be my wife.
That was his will.
What else should I do to satisfy her?
You must sleep now.
I expected her to call me.
They will never have enough money.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and then collapsed.
I am expecting a letter from him.
I'm expecting a letter from him.
The winter is long yet.
My opinion hasn't changed.
Tom is the leader of Antifa.
The new spending is fueled by Tom's large bank account.
When the Nazis came for the communists, I said nothing, because I was not a communist.
When they locked up the social democrats, I said nothing, because I was not a social democrat.
When they came for the trade unionists, I said nothing, because I was not a trade unionist.
When they came for me, there was no one left who could protest.
I didn't do anything and that was exactly the problem.
I can't look into her eyes.
The temperature begins to drop.
The female singer that you were in love with when you were a child has died of cancer.
He was pushed down from the castle wall.
Whose horse is it?
Tom decided to reject Mary secretly.
The lambs were killed by a wolf.
"Why not?" "I'm afraid he'll be angry with me."
I'm going to have to write some letters.
He who begins has done half the work.
She never really loved me.
Esther taught me to crochet.
Esther taught me to weave.
Ruth taught me to knit.
They don't have money for new clothes.
Black lives matter.
Tim was killed during an incident with a police officer.
The rioters and looters are dishonoring George Floyd's memory.
Antifa will be designated a terrorist organization.
Safety and security come first.
The military must be ready to ensure national security.
For God's sake, whose side are they on?
Katya is rubbing her hands at the news.
Mike lapped all of his opponents.
Jonathan will start the race in the pole position.
I couldn't determine which one it was.
It takes a certain amount of courage to do that.
Antifa helped rebuild Germany after World War II.
Jews owe our lives to the violent antifascist resistance of our grandparents.
Antifa is necessary as long as there is fascism.
It's no surprise that fascists hate antifascists.
Antifa helped rebuild Europe after World War II.
They took advantage against us.
I hope I don't say anything stupid.
Are you as queer as I am?
Happy Pride!
No justice, no peace.
I can't stop drumming on my chest.
Hatsune Miku created Minecraft.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created by Hatsune Miku.
You'll understand when you're older, Tom.
Tom created Minecraft.
Layla is the author of Harry Potter.
Fascism is in full swing.
What's-his-face is boring.
Eat, eat!
Put a sweater on! You want to catch a cold?
Don't swim right after you eat.
Tom has a weekly radio show.
Enough with the disclaimers; get on with it.
They wouldn't let Tom in because he was wearing a hoodie.
They should make a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
They're making a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
Conformity is boring.
Did you choreograph that yourself?
They have a lot of different types of scented candles at Tom's store.
Heath can be so condescending.
Could Mars be habitable some day?
A spectre is haunting America — the spectre of British English.
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.
Isn't that unconstitutional?
I finally asked him point-blank: did he write that atrocious article?
He's a staunch conservative.
He's zealous but very flaky.
What was that stuff you just snorted, anyway?
It makes me queasy just thinking about it.
He's a little, how should I put it? Unconventional.
You're an obligate carnivore! You don't want my salad, cat!
We split up in 2009, but have been close friends since then.
Sweating, he dried his forehead with his tie.
Sweating, he mopped his brow with his tie.
He was sweating, and dried his forehead with his tie.
He was sweating, and mopped his brow with his tie.
I think I've still got a slice of pizza in the oven.
I think I still have a slice of pizza in the oven.
I need a sewing machine.
Tom had John's pyjamas on?
Tom was wearing John's pyjamas?
Tom wore John's pyjamas?
Is this the only style available?
They withdrew to the room next door to talk to each other in private.
They retired to the room next door to talk in private.
The car has obviously broken down – smoke is coming from the engine.
The people are outside.
Excuse me, does this belong to you?
Excuse me, is this yours?
He comes and visits his sick friend every day.
"Yes," she said, "you're right."
Ring me as soon as you arrive.
Phone me as soon as you arrive.
Call me as soon as you arrive.
Give me a bell as soon as you arrive.
His team still hasn't lost a game this season.
When will you tell me the result?
The hotel is on the other side of the street.
Can you at least see the bridge?
The cherry trees in bloom are very beautiful.
You've been a great help to your family.
You were a great help to your family.
Staff fear further job cuts.
Staff fear renewed job cuts.
Staff fear another round of job cuts.
The original version of the song sounds much better.
Haven't you heard the news?
Marc is one of the architects who have shaped this decade.
What was that film called?
The sun is still shining on the horizon.
He has to go there.
He's got to go there.
He must go there.
She has to go there.
She's got to go there.
Mum is stirring the soup with a wooden spoon.
He inadvertently put salt into his cup of coffee.
He's put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
Haven't you seen this musical?
Haven't you seen that musical?
The pillars take the roof's weight.
The pillars are bearing the weight of the roof.
She argues with her parents constantly.
Those shoes are very dear.
These shoes are very expensive.
You have to train more.
You've got to train more.
You must train more.
You have to practise more.
You've got to practise more.
You must practise more.
This behaviour is typical of him.
That behaviour is typical of him.
There are lots of animals to see here.
There are plenty of animals to see here.
There are a lot of animals to see here.
She said she lived in Osaka.
She said she was living in Osaka.
She was a British citizen of French descent.
What time is it now? It's exactly o'clock.
Do you take cheques?
The dentist advises you against eating sweets.
His questions were very direct.
Her questions were very direct.
The floodlights lit up the whole stadium.
Actually that's not true.
You don't know what she'll say yet.
How have things been lately?
The sky suddenly clouded over.
The sky suddenly became overcast.
He was writing a letter and listening to music.
As he was seriously ill a doctor was called.
The meeting will probably be cancelled.
He contributed as well.
He contributed to it as well.
He has contributed as well.
He has contributed to it as well.
She walked slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
She went slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
She was walking slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
This painter studied in Paris.
Who's that man? Do you know him?
No one gave her a chance.
It's been raining non-stop lately.
It's been raining constantly lately.
The rain has been constant lately.
The angler caught a carp weighing ten kilos.
This dress is good value.
This dress is a good price.
The books are on the desk.
He went out walking with her this morning.
The books that you're looking for are on my desk.
Marco has a valuable stamp collection.
Marco possesses a valuable stamp collection.
How long is it until the game starts?
How long before the game starts?
How long to go before the game starts?
It's clear to everyone.
It's obvious to everyone.
The newly-weds spent their honeymoon on the beach.
The newly-weds were spending their honeymoon on the beach.
This shop has a lot of foreign-language magazines.
Here's a socket where you can plug in a mobile charger.
Is that an express train?
He's dropped his dummy.
He dropped his dummy.
Why was he absent from the meeting?
Why wasn't she at the meeting?
The coffee machine isn't working.
The coffee machine's not working.
The coffee machine is out of order.
The coffee machine is on the blink.
The coffee machine has packed up.
The percolator isn't working.
The percolator's not working.
The percolator is out of order.
The percolator is on the blink.
The percolator has packed up.
You've got to come tomorrow.
Mary is said to have sung so beautifully that, when one day she ventured onto a battlefield, the opposing soldiers dropped their weapons, forgot their enmity and sat down together just to listen to her; the birds are said to have fallen silent; the trees, to have uprooted themselves and moved closer; the stones, they say, rose from the riverbed and mounted the bank, and the wind blew only to carry her melodious voice.
"Tom's sent me, Mary. Because you're not letting him set foot here any more, and because there's no other way for him to contact you, he's asked me to tell you how sorry he is, and to ask whether you might please forgive him. He's on his knees, he says, begging you from afar." "Go back to Tom and tell him he can jog on, and stay jogging till the end of time!"
All talking had ceased. Everyone without exception was staring at the last piece of chocolate on the plate. Although everyone wanted it, no one dared take it, lest they be judged impolite. At last the tension became unbearable, and Tom leant forward with a sigh. "We'll just put it out of its misery, then," he said, popping it in his mouth.
"Good morning, Mary! This is your telephone speaking. Your breakfast is ready. Time to get up." "I don't want to get up yet. I want to sleep." "You have to be at work in an hour's time, and you must eat something before that." Moaning, in the grip of despair, Mary did what the device demanded. "How could it come to this, that my phone preordains my day?"
Tom stroked his chin thoughtfully. Then, as though struck by a flash of inspiration, he raised his forefinger, sprang from his chair and, speaking with great earnestness, launched himself about the room in meaningful strides before the assembled. "Gentlemen! We are far too complicated in our thinking. We ought to consider the situation from the humble perspective of a squirrel."
"So haven't we got anything left to eat in the house?" mumbled Tom sulkily. "No. As you can see, there's nothing left. But here you go – here's the shopping list," replied Mary, pressing the list into his hand, his stomach growling like that of a starving wolf as he stood in front of the empty fridge. "Now then, you can go and sit yourself in the car and get yourself down to the shops, can't you?"
Dinner's in the oven.
She can read and write.
He took a taxi to the airport.
So, what was that about?
I couldn't enter in short shorts.
I'm a spy.
I've worked for Tom.
The separatists are seeking to expand their fascist group by any means possible.
Come and help.
I'm coming on Monday.
I'm a colonel.
If you walk amidst an aspen forest on a clear day, you will be treated to a fantastic light display.
Many hypotheses have been put forward to explain how leaf quaking benefits Populus.
I'm here every Monday.
I'm a shy boy.
War is peace. Surveillance is liberty. Ignorance is strength.
I'm different from Tom.
I'm in a play.
Tom is growing up fast.
I'm in a spot.
I need to call Tom back.
I'm a shopkeeper.
Their children don't have any shoes.
I'll be coming with Tom.
I'm a simple man.
I'm a teacher of French.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center bravely came out against Simon Wiesenthal.
I'm a tour guide.
Antifascism is fascism. Surveillance is liberty. Losing the popular vote is a mandate.
You can go either way.
I'm here for three days.
Scratch your kitties for me.
Scritch your kitties for me.
All good?
I'm free all day.
Trump is transparent in the sense that he is a shameless hypocrite.
Does Mary have a husband?
I'm a slow reader.
I usually dream in French.
I'm an astrologer.
I've asked Tom about that.
What flavor is it?
Tom speaks not only English, but also German.
Are they going, too?
I'm glad for three reasons.
I'm an orthopedist.
I assumed you'd go to Boston.
I'm buying a house.
I felt obligated to help Tom.
I'm eating a donut.
You didn't invent anything new.
Everything is interpretation.
You haven't invented anything new.
I'm Canadian and proud of it.
I'm a house-husband.
I'm envious of Tom's success.
Yanni died without male heirs.
Yanni had no male heirs.
I'm an entrepreneur.
I'll be home by three o'clock.
Yanni converted to the Muslim faith.
Yanni couldn't betray his Islamic principles.
Yanni is now married to a Muslim woman from Algeria.
Yanni was Muslim and it was not something he wanted to hide.
Yanni was Muslim and it wasn't something he could hide.
I'm free until noon.
She said he didn't believe her.
I'm afraid that Tom will fail.
She said she was not crazy.
Tom has been taken to the ICU.
My nephew is in the sixth class of the elementary school.
I'm here on Mondays.
I've already drunk three beers.
I'm unemployed, too.
I've spent some time in Boston.
We've adopted a boy.
Tom explained everything to me.
She told me that she had already visited Russia.
I get bored in class.
Tom isn't being honest with me.
I'm a man, not a boy.
John jumps from a ledge to a trampoline.
Do I pull the red wire or the blue one?
I'll stay with you until Monday.
I'm a teacher myself.
I'm going to Boston next summer.
She never mentioned him again.
I'm good at juggling.
I've asked Tom what I should do.
I'm hungry right now.
She told me that she was not alone.
I don't know what to do with Tom.
Are you homesick, too?
I'm considering moving to Boston.
I'm going to the pool.
I'm going to tell Tom what to do.
That was quite a show.
Tom isn't being straight with me.
I'll try to be on time.
Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.
I'm able to communicate in French.
I want to go to China.
I assumed that you'd go to Boston.
I hope that I don't say anything stupid.
I'm a 13-year-old boy.
I'm three months younger than you.
I'm as happy as a clam.
How was your vacation in Australia?
I told her I wanted to go to Boston.
I'm disgusted with you.
I'm an 11-year-old boy.
I'm an eleven-year-old boy.
I'm a thirteen-year-old boy.
Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining after releasing a report indicating its impact on the Pacific Ocean and island states would be severe, extensive and last for generations.
Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining.
Polymetallic nodules are potato-sized lumps found in the seabed that contain metals used in battery manufacturing and high-tech industries.
Mining for polymetallic nodules would cause irreversible damage to the region, including Kiribati the Cook Islands, Nauru, Tonga, Papua New Guinea and Tuvalu.
Entitled "Predicting the Impacts of Mining Deep Sea Polymetallic Nodules in the Pacific Ocean," the 52-page report represents a scientific consensus based on peer-reviewed articles.
Eighty NGOs are calling for a moratorium on deep sea mining as a result of the report.
I agree with most of what Tom said.
The report found sperm whales, whale sharks, leatherback turtles and bird life could be at as much risk as commercial fish such as tuna.
Local communities in the Pacific are worried about their way of life being disrupted because they’re very connected to the ocean environment.
I want to go to the hotel.
Llamas have long been used in antibody research.
Llamas can produces small antibodies also known as nanobodies.
Llama antibodies could be used to fight the coronavirus.
Llamas are used as pack animals.
A llama in Pembrokeshire is delivering groceries to elderly residents.
I'm free all afternoon.
Tom likes llamas.
Tom likes llamas and alpacas.
Tom recently published his first book.
Winter is a four-year-old llama.
I want to continue studying French.
Be careful to wear nothing tight, particularly shoes, gloves, waistband, or hat; for they might prove a source of discomfort or even danger.
The bicycle may be mastered, and easily mastered, by remembering all the things not to do and by doing all the things that should be done.
Be careful to avoid becoming chilled while resting, stopping only long enough to restore the natural breathing and to look over the road.
It is well to have a small reserve supply of food, such as chocolate or beef tablets, to tide one over a prolonged period between meals.
Go where you will be undisturbed, where there is plenty of room, and where a key may be turned if there is possibility of interruption.
Sleep does not always come to the over-tired, and we may therefore conclude that it is better to be rested before attempting to sleep.
To keep a nut from unscrewing by jarring, etc., screw it down until it jams, as it is called, firmly against the surface it rests on.
Sufficient clothing should be worn but not too much, and all exercise should be avoided that might produce very copious perspiration.
Machines are built for special purposes, and any reliable dealer can help you in selecting a machine and will guarantee satisfaction.
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.
Get a plumber to cut a section of lead pipe about as long as the jaws of the vise, and have the piece of pipe split and flattened.
Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.
It is seldom wise to try and walk after the party; the only object in moving would be to keep warm, for a chill must be avoided.
Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.
A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.
One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.
The novice, however, has the advantage that he has nothing to unlearn, and can profit by the experience of others.
I'm good at basketball.
Every bicyclist knows his own natural pace, and when departing from that must expect to be winded sooner or later.
Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.
Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.
A corset, if one is worn, should not extend below the waist-line, and should have elastic side-lacing.
Bicycles wear out, of course, but with proper care they may be made to last a long time.
Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.
Learn to care for your health and how to prepare your system to resist fatigue.
When choosing a wheel, you should know what you want and why you want it.
The least possible amount of oil that can be used is the proper quantity.
It is much easier to rest on the bicycle by slowing than to dismount.
The weather, indeed, affects bicycling more than any other sport.
Increase by a little at a time the amount of exercise undertaken.
If the road is muddy or slippery, wait for the proper conditions.
If a neck-muffler is worn, it should be of cashmere, not of silk.
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.
Learn to pedal slowly and steadily and to start and stop easily.
Two kinds of lubricant are used on a bicycle--oil and graphite.
Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.
The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.
Many people do not understand what is best for them.
If the screw is oily or greasy, it will work loose.
Vehicles approaching pass each other on the right.
Find out how much work you ought to do, and do it.
The only way to succeed is to try and try again.
Spin the pedals to see that they revolve easily.
There are many ways of doing makeshift repairs.
Don't try to find out how fast you can go.
Try to do one thing only at a time.
Avoid hard work whenever possible.
What is needed is practice.
Sit erect and sit still.
It is very discouraging.
Avoid undue tension.
How easy it seems.
I'm going to go play golf with Tom.
I've apologized already.
I'm in a hotel in Boston right now.
I don't like escalators.
I've attempted suicide three times.
I'm a woman, not a girl.
I've known Tom since he was a baby.
I'm afraid of everybody.
Tom fanned himself with a magazine.
I'm a 13-year-old girl.
Tom took a swig of beer and smiled.
No one came to my party.
Tom will stay with us until Monday.
Do you eat a lot of meat?
We're going to have to do that sooner or later.
I'll be done in about three minutes.
I'm aware what day it is.
I've known Tom since he was a child.
I'm dying to be with you.
I'm a Canadian and I love my country.
We should've stayed and helped her.
We should've stayed and helped him.
We've drunk all the wine.
I'm at a loss to know what Tom means.
His face was white.
All the wine's been drunk.
I'm going to pick Tom up from school.
Do you eat a lot of bread?
I've been here three times this week.
Do you eat a lot of fruit?
I've gotten used to working with Tom.
I can't stand being alone.
I'm a single mother of three children.
I plan to stay home today.
I'm going to ask Tom where he's going.
I'm a mechanical engineer.
I'm not able to communicate in French.
I'm afraid of being fired.
I've already told Tom Mary isn't here.
I'm not good with numbers.
You're likely to learn a lot from Tom.
I'm very confused by this.
I'm planning to be here for three days.
Let's tear down this wall.
Tom and Mary both have bad reputations.
No one came to my concert.
Tom is a highly-qualified professional.
There's no more wine left.
I'm going to get Tom to repair my watch.
I'm fed up with everything.
I'm going to meet Tom downtown tomorrow.
I'm going abroad next year.
I've known Tom since he was a little boy.
I'm going to summer school.
Tom sat on the bench and closed his eyes.
I'm not able to do that now.
Please, please. I can't breathe, officer!
I'd like to get three copies of this book.
I'm very scared of spiders.
As I was wearing shorts, I was not allowed to enter.
I was denied entry because I had shorts on.
They did not let me in because I had shorts on.
I was wearing shorts so I was not allowed in there.
I'm going to spend next weekend in Boston.
I've already called a taxi.
I've already called you a taxi.
The book that you're looking for is on my desk.
I'm excited at the prospect of meeting Tom.
It's naive to believe that.
I'm going to have my watch repaired by Tom.
I'm absolutely sure of that.
I've already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I'm afraid I might get hurt.
Could you find out why Tom wants to do that?
I'm always forgetting names.
I'm Canadian and I want everybody to know it.
I'm an architecture student.
Yanni's life was full of purpose.
It's afternoon coffee time.
The leader of the separatists soon found himself ostracized.
They both shared their admiration for the separatist leader.
The leader of the separatists is a symbolic figure to his supporters.
The separatists have become paranoid.
I'll be helping Tom with his homework tonight.
The separatists act like rabid dogs.
The separatists react to any comment like a pack of rabid dogs.
I'm hoping to do that today.
I've already asked Tom to do that three times.
I have to attend the meeting.
I've already talked with Tom about his grades.
I'll try to be there on time.
My father speaks French better than my mother.
I'm afraid to go there alone.
I wasn't allowed in as I had short-shorts on.
I was denied entry, as I had athletic shorts on.
My father speaks better French than my mother.
I'm happy to hear your voice.
I'm at a loss what to buy Tom for his birthday.
The whole village is proud of the new school.
Tom got married at twenty-six.
The flowers need to be watered well.
I'm having trouble with this.
Mary waited for you.
Mary is my wife, and I am her husband.
Tom doesn't see you.
She's tickling her daughter.
Tom read Mary's message, but he didn't respond.
Mary is my wife, and I am her wife.
Tom is my husband, and I am his wife.
Tom is my husband, and I am his husband.
You didn't specify the color.
Mary is my wife, and I am her spouse.
Tom is my husband, and I am his spouse.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their husband.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their husband.
I've acknowledged my mistake.
ABBA's "Bang-A-Boomerang" is an apt song for my interest in the languages and cultures of indigenous peoples around this globe. I collect research documents about Amerindian, Eskimo, Pacific, Australian Aboriginal, African, and Asian languages and cultures.
Tom went to the hardware store to buy a ladder.
Tom is a pseudo-intellectual.
Tom is a pseudointellectual.
I've already heard this joke.
I'll be giving Mary a bracelet for her birthday.
A veritable xenophile, Zax was not a xenophobe like his classmates.
Bacon, lard, butter, cream, margarine and oil are all very fatty foods.
Let me summarize what I said.
Tom exoticizes foreign cultures.
I've already written an email to Tom about that.
Tom's neighbour is a bit of a curtain twitcher.
Who's cooking dinner tonight?
Tom fetishizes Judaism.
Tom exoticizes Judaism.
Tom exoticizes Yiddishkeit.
If you want to talk to Tom, you'll have to wait.
Everybody was very supportive.
I've arranged for Tom to meet you at the airport.
I complained to the principal.
I'm doing my best to get everything done by Monday.
I don't know which one to buy.
I'm going to try to stop Tom from doing that again.
I haven't fully recovered yet.
My father speaks French better than my mother does.
The waiting room was crowded.
I'll try to get there on time.
I'm able to communicate in French, but not very well.
Sami is a Sikh.
I'm considering changing jobs.
We have almost three more hours before we have to leave.
Sami is not a Sikh.
I'm fed up with your behavior.
Sikhs wear turbans.
Why do Sikhs wear turbans?
Are you a Sikh?
Are you a Sikh, Sami?
Are you a Sikh, Mary?
Is Mary a Sikh?
Is Sami a Sikh?
Mary is not a Sikh.
Tom is not a Sikh, is he?
I speak Cebuano.
I don't speak Cebuano.
Tom speaks Cebuano.
Mary speaks Cebuano.
Esperanto is the easiest language ever!
I think Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
I want to learn Cebuano.
Tom wants to learn Cebuano.
Mary wants to learn Cebuano.
Tom and John want to learn Cebuano.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Cebuano.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Berber.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Esperanto.
I'm fed up with your nonsense.
I think that Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
I'm going to get married soon.
Thank you, Doctor. You're very kind.
It took me more than three hours to translate this into French.
I'm going to start doing that.
I was born in Boston, but I've lived in Chicago most of my life.
The present that you gave me is great.
Tom packed all his belongings in a small suitcase and left.
On Sunday, it'll be sunny.
I was still single back then.
I'm sure that Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
I'm happiest when I'm reading.
Tom and Mary want to raise their children in Australia.
I'm happiest when I'm singing.
I'm sure Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
I'm happy I can be of help.
Tom has been trying to find out who killed his wife.
Try not to get lost this time.
Would you like something else?
I didn't take a bath yesterday.
Tom went into his bedroom and slammed the door.
I don't know what I should buy.
Tom has lost a lot of weight since last summer.
I'll do that one of these days.
I don't speak Berber but I understand a good amount of it.
Yanni doesn't speak German but he understands a good amount of it.
He's constantly harassed by a cyberstalker.
He says he's constantly harassed by a cyberstalker.
The leader of the separatists is a piece of trash.
The leader of the separatists is a lowlife.
What class is your son in?
What grade is your son in?
My nephew is in the sixth grade.
Soon I will be able to speak French.
I'm always thinking about food.
He joined an online separatist community that operated in his area.
My name is Yanni and I'm a year old man from Algeria.
The separatists are insanely paranoid.
Tom put the fire out with a fire extinguisher.
The separatists act like paranoid psychos.
No one understands separatist newspeak.
The separatists have their own conception of the world.
The separatists have their own terminology to describe the world.
The separatists act like mad dogs.
The separatists consider everyone as their enemy.
The separatists are just a bunch of crazy people.
I'm glad that you're my friend.
Tom never took responsibility for his actions.
My religion, Islam, is an amazing religion.
Yanni and Skura clicked right away.
Like an idiot, he agreed to join the separatist group.
I'm going to take a short walk.
I was in a quandary.
The emperor has promised to crush the separatists once and for all.
Tom named his third son after his grandfather.
I live in a rural part of Algeria.
We all met in Algiers.
The road leads up to a huge mosque surrounded by trees.
The mosque has a parking lot.
The mosque was behind us.
Our Algerian values are the glue holding us all together.
I'm happiest when I'm with you.
Algiers is half an hour away.
Skura wore her new Kabyle dress and was so happy.
If I can't have Skura, no one can.
If I can't have you, no one can.
Yanni heard the gunshots that ended Skura's life.
Yanni's house was put up for sale.
Yanni was found dead in that house. He had taken his own life.
Yanni succumbed to the temptation.
This part of the park attracts a lot of addicts.
You'd make a good wife.
"You'd make a good wife." "Thank you, but I'm married."
Yanni spoke with a thick Kabyle accent.
"Yanni was speaking another language to his son." "Yes. It was Berber."
A woman in a Kabyle dress came here looking for you.
Tom lied to his parents about where he'd been.
Skura purchased a Kabyle dress.
Yanni lives in the safest place in Algiers anyone could possibly live.
Yanni works here in Algeria.
Yanni's cousins are from Algeria.
Yanni was speaking Berber really fast.
Keep your enemies closer.
You need to keep an eye on them.
Keep an eye on your enemies.
I spoke to him in Berber and he looked at me as if I were talking gibberish.
Have you ever subtitled a movie?
Yanni grew up in a small town in rural Algeria.
Yanni lived in a small town in rural Algeria.
Algiers is very busy and noisy all day.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have an alibi.
I can't afford to do that again.
Yanni's house is on an Indian reservation.
Yanni is First Nation.
Skura is an Algerian female and she's currently years old.
Skura looks super attractive in her Kabyle dress.
Tom is back in Boston, working for his father.
In a thick Kabyle accent, he told me that he was lost.
Yanni told me how he was born and raised in Algeria.
I'm almost as tall as my father.
Yanni was very upset that Skura blocked him on Snapchat.
Yanni demanded that Skura block Ziri on Snapchat.
Tom is almost always in his office on Mondays.
Yanni was pleasuring himself while on the phone with Skura.
I'm aware that that's happening.
Tom isn't a real doctor.
Skura spent a lot of money on Kabyle dresses.
Skura spent a lot of money on Algerian traditional clothing.
Yanni wore headphones all the time.
Tom immediately understood what was happening.
I'm going in the same direction.
Yanni put his earbuds back and ignored Skura.
Yanni was young and unfathomably stupid.
Yanni inched away from Skura.
Yanni had a problem of not being able to keep his hands to himself in Skura's presence.
Yanni found out that Skura lived in Algiers.
Tom has been charged with first degree murder.
Yanni was acting like everything was normal.
I'm going to a funeral tomorrow.
Yanni lives in a small town in the south of Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small town in rural Algeria.
Tom got out of his car and ran into his house.
Tom falsified his resume.
Tom falsified his CV.
Tom isn't punk.
The road narrowed drastically.
The road cleared off.
Service was spotty in the area.
I'm happy that you've recovered.
Tom lives in a bathtub on the streets of Athens.
You're thinking of Tom's sister.
Are you sure it was Tom and not Yanni?
Tom got down on his knees and started to pray.
A specter is haunting Tatoeba— the specter of Tom.
Yanni's dog was abnormally large for his breed.
I've almost finished doing this.
Tom doesn't really like watching sports on TV.
Yanni played on his laptop to unwind.
I've already changed my clothes.
Are you sure it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Are you sure that it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Tom discovered that his money had been stolen.
I've decided to become a writer.
Tom was charged with first degree murder.
I'm a thirteen-year-old girl.
Tom didn't show up for work on Monday morning.
May I have a sip of your coffee?
My goal is to learn Esperanto.
Tom and his brother want to learn Esperanto.
Tom and John were fighting in the parking lot.
Mary and her sister want to learn Esperanto.
Floyd’s death has caused international outrage and days of protests across the nation.
You can learn Esperanto in a short time.
I'll have what Mary's having.
I'll have what Tom's having.
Why do you want to learn Esperanto, Tom?
Esperanto is an easy language, isn't it?
Have you ever translated a movie?
Esperanto is not a difficult language, is it?
Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
The lamestream media is spreading false and misleading information.
Fake news is the enemy of the people.
The sleepy Joe pretends to have the answers, but he doesn't even know the questions.
I don't know what to do with you.
Louis bet $on black.
Julia bet $on odd.
What is your favorite bet in roulette?
Brian hit two blackjacks in a row.
Scarlett has a winning hand.
Roy has a great poker face.
These scissors are dull.
You can't even cut paper with those scissors.
Tom was probably the last one to fall asleep.
I, too, am unemployed.
I'm afraid that I might get hurt.
I'm glad that you've recovered.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to be there.
Tom wants to study theology.
Tom studies theology.
Tom studied theology.
I'm going to take a shower first.
Tom moved to Australia to make a fresh start.
I'm going to tell you what to do.
I just wanted to congratulate you because I am hearing of the unbelievable job on the drug problem.
Tom is from a wealthy and influential family.
You moron
I gathered
Reduce it
Slow it down
I'm not a member of the comittee.
Tom immediately understood what was going on.
I've actually decided to do that.
Andy Ngo is a threat to our community and provides kill lists to the violent Neo-Nazi terrorist group Atomwaffen.
Tom has spoken with me many times about that.
I've already started my vacation.
Don't watch that propaganda.
Punctuation is important.
Don't read that propaganda.
Tom got fired because he often made mistakes.
Trump's attorney general ordered the tear-gassing of peaceful protesters so Trump could cross the street and do a photo-op holding a Bible.
Using tear gas against foreign combatants is a war crime.
William Barr, widely known as the "Cover-up King" even before his suppression of the Mueller Report, has a long history of helping Republican presidents get away with shady and illegal dealings.
I've been warned not to go there.
Barr was previously involved in George H.W. Bush's pardoning of officials involved in the Iran-Contra affair, when the Reagan Administration sold arms to Iran in order to fund cocaine-smuggling fascists in Nicaragua.
Tom and John were fighting on the playground.
I've watched all of these movies.
Let's make sure no one gets hurt.
Tom told me that he wasn't sure what to do.
I don't like sitting on the floor.
Tom and Mary said goodnight to each other.
I'll let you decide what we'll do.
Tom always complains about Mary's cooking.
Mary always complains about Tom's cooking.
Yanni always complains about Tom's cooking.
Skura always complains about Mary's cooking.
I'm fed up with all your nonsense.
Tom told me he wasn't going to be there.
I'm going to learn a lot from you.
You had better bow to the impossible.
The child is a dear.
Tom is going to stick around to help us.
I am that sleepy.
I'm that sleepy.
The living are more valuable than the dead.
She wants some rest.
I'm going to use what you give me.
He came here to see you.
He did not stay here for long.
He didn't stay here long.
He's only just back from abroad.
He left there at two o'clock.
Motion requires a here and a there.
The government of the Tudors was the direct opposite to the government of Augustus.
I look forward to tomorrow.
Sunday afternoon was fine.
I spent Sunday afternoon at home.
We met the kind old Archbishop of York.
It had taken him ever since to get used to the idea.
You have till ten tonight.
From infancy to manhood is rather a tedious period.
I'm on my way to school right now.
He slept all Sunday afternoon.
He went to all the principal cities of Europe.
He lives next door to Captain Strong.
The canal ran north and south.
He used to laugh a good deal.
He wants things his own way.
Things shall go man-of-war fashion.
He ran upstairs three steps at a time.
I agree with most of what you said.
Tom didn't tell Mary what had happened.
We can only realize our dreams if we decide to wake up from them.
I don't know what to do with these.
Tom told me he wasn't sure what to do.
It was Tom's car, not mine, that broke down the day before yesterday.
It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.
I read this book several years ago.
I skipped breakfast, so I'm hungry.
I wonder what the teacher will say.
We should've stayed and helped Tom.
I'm calling to make an appointment.
My faith in Tom has never waivered.
They didn't let me in, as I had revealing shorts on.
I was not allowed to enter in revealing shorts.
I'm going to my room to take a nap.
I'm happy that I can be of help.
I'm impressed by your achievements.
A spider isn't an insect.
I'm not interested in that, either.
They didn't let me in, as my shorts were considered indecent.
As my shorts were considered indecent, I was denied entry.
We're going to name the dog Cookie.
We often make dinner together.
Tom was waiting for us outside.
Why aren't spiders insects?
Be sure that you do know what to do.
I'd recommend doing that right away.
I'm dissatisfied with these results.
Don't get behind a wheel after drinking.
Yanni kept calling Skura the entire time that we were there.
I got interviewed.
Poker is one of Tom's favorite card games.
I still consider Tom to be my best friend.
Yanni is still puking.
Yanni grabbed Skura by the elbow.
Yanni apologized for puking in public.
The leader of the separatist is a complete moron.
I went into the closet.
I think that I'm not good enough for Tom.
I went up to the attic.
She has a secret.
Tom and I don't live together anymore.
I went back into the room.
I think Tom is a hero for what he did.
I'm glad you've recovered.
Yanni found an unused condom in the drawer.
I soon learned Tom was very dangerous.
Yanni lives in a place where you can see cows everywhere.
I want to talk to you man to man.
You never see people at night here, let alone young women walking alone.
I robbed a convenience store with Tom.
Who taught you how to play poker?
I knew Tom could return at any moment.
I got in trouble with the teacher.
Poker is one of Tom's favorite games.
I don't want you to date my sister.
I met Tom while we were both in jail.
I'm going to write about what I did.
I didn't know that Tom was an ex-con.
Do you speak Sinhala, Tom?
I speak Sinhala.
I want to learn Sinhala.
I'm going to write about what I saw.
I desperately tried to calm Tom down.
I'm heating up left-overs for lunch.
Tom and I got together and hung out.
I don't mind spending money on books.
I live in Sri Lanka.
My brother lives in Sri Lanka.
They live in Sri Lanka.
Mary and her mother live in Sri Lanka.
Our brother lives in Sri Lanka.
Our brother lives in Algeria.
I work in Algeria.
I work in Egypt.
I used to work with a guy named Tom.
I'm afraid it'll rain this afternoon.
I think I'm not good enough for Tom.
I'm afraid we're going the wrong way.
I don't care if Tom doesn't like me.
I'm aware the work will be difficult.
Tom is my daughter's third husband.
I haven't been told the truth.
I'm going to leave sometime tomorrow.
I had a very weird dream.
The better your education is, the greater your opportunities will be.
Tom and I ended up getting married.
The older I get, the more I understand.
I've almost no experience doing that.
There is always some noise in this house.
Tom and I are dating the same girl.
Can I lay on the sofa?
My children have no fear of the neighbours' dog
There is a pedestrian zone around the cathedral.
I like Esperanto better than German.
I've already done this several times.
I told Tom how I planned to escape.
I've already waited for half an hour.
I thought Tom and you were buddies.
Please wait at the entrance.
I've been told that I'm good-looking.
Tom visits me every other weekend.
I've been warned against going there.
We have all day to finish doing that.
Tom and I've been friends forever.
You like taking your time, don't you?
Tom and I no longer live together.
Aren't you afraid that you'll be late?
Tom and I are best friends again.
I didn't eat breakfast, so I'm hungry.
I worked with Tom for many years.
I was happy with how the meeting went.
We parked very far from here.
I told Tom not to date my sister.
I'm beginning to get the hang of this.
I called my imaginary friend Tom.
I'm going out to buy something to eat.
I asked Tom to carry my suitcase.
I've attached a PDF file of my resume.
I've never seen Tom do any work.
I've gotten used to this kind of work.
An old man is sitting on a bench in the park.
I visit Tom every other weekend.
Let's make sure that nobody gets hurt.
I didn't know Tom was an ex-con.
We've already made so many sacrifices.
The police shot and killed Tom.
I found that very difficult to believe.
I told my daughter not to talk to boys.
I let Tom do what he wanted to do.
I'd like to thank everybody who helped.
Tom and I worked side by side.
A soccer field every seconds. That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year.
A soccer field every seconds. That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year, according to new data from the Global Forest Watch monitoring program.
While Brazil's forest losses have increased, policies to curb deforestation appear to be working in Indonesia, Colombia and West Africa.
The destruction of mature tropical forests is a massive hit to biodiversity and is responsible for about 8% of global carbon dioxide emissions.
Forests are massive sponges of carbon dioxide.
The United Nations set a goal of ending deforestation by 2020.
The United Nations set a goal of ending deforestation by 2020, but we seem to be going in the wrong direction.
Brazil lost 1.million hectares of mature forest in 2019, more than one-third of the world total and nearly three times more than the country with the next-largest loss, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Conservation policies under former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva curbed deforestation rates from to 2015.
President Bolsonaro has encouraged development in the Amazon rainforest and loosened enforcement of environmental laws.
President Bolsonaro's administration is backing a law that would increase access to protected indigenous lands for mining.
President Bolsonaro's administration supports legislation that environmental groups say would legalize land grabs.
The loss of mature forests in Indonesia declined in for the third straight year.
Indonesia has made permanent a moratorium on logging and land-clearing for oil palm plantations, which had been a major driver of deforestation.
The Indonesian government has stepped up fire prevention and enforcement of existing forest laws.
Colombia has set deforestation and reforestation goals and has sent the police and military to fight deforestation in its national parks.
The chocolate industry has pledged to reduce deforestation for cocoa cultivation, a major crop in West Africa.
I'm going to attend a funeral tomorrow.
Unlike its European neighbors and much of the rest of the world, Sweden relied on its citizens' sense of civic duty.
Authorities advised people to practice social distancing, but schools, bars and restaurants have been kept open the entire time. Only gatherings of more than people have been banned.
According to the national health agency, Sweden has seen 4,deaths linked to COVID-19, far more than its neighboring Nordic countries and one of the world’s highest per capita death rates.
What does her voice sound like?
Tom and I are still roommates.
I'm going to stay for another few days.
I've done that with Tom a lot.
I'm hungry because I skipped breakfast.
I spent time with Tom in jail.
I found that difficult to believe.
I've heard your voice somewhere before.
I kicked Tom out of my office.
I don't know what I should do with this.
I kicked him down the stairs.
I kicked Tom down a flight of stairs.
I don't know what to do with this stuff.
My legal name is Tom Jackson.
I still have a lot of work I have to do.
I'd ignore Tom if I were you.
I let Tom do what he wanted.
I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I noticed that Tom was there.
I'm always nervous before I go on stage.
I was not happy about this.
I've already talked to Tom about his grades.
Where are my tampons?
I let Tom do a lot of things.
Your comb is beautiful.
Your comb is cute.
I'm just going to say what's on my mind.
There are many other things we could do.
Tom and I no longer do that.
I don't know what I should do with these.
My real name is Tom Jackson.
I don't know what to do with these boxes.
I wanted to be Tom's friend.
Tom washed his brush.
The painter washed his brush.
Senator Tom Cotton requested the military be used to summarily execute protesters outraged at the summary execution of Black men.
I'd be happy to go with you this evening.
I saw a beautiful pink brick house with geraniums on the windows and doves on the roof.
Tom has a great poker face.
I'm going shopping. Do you need anything?
Tom and I started fighting.
I'm going to visit as many zoos as I can.
I've developed romantic feelings for you.
I think that Tom is a hero.
I don't really like watching sports on TV.
I received a call from Tom.
I knew that Tom could return at any moment.
Tom and I explored Boston.
I'm afraid the situation is getting worse.
I'm paying Tom to do this.
I knew that Tom might return at any moment.
I knew Tom might return at any moment.
Thinking is hard.
He promises to come.
I'm afraid they both have bad reputations.
To hope is to enjoy.
I'm aware that the work will be difficult.
I'd like to room with Tom.
I'm dating my sister's boyfriend's sister.
I wanted to room with Tom.
I'm glad to see that things worked out OK.
I'm going to ask them where they're going.
I adored Tom.
We split up in 2009, but have been close friends ever since.
This cheap wine is surprisingly drinkable.
This inexpensive wine is surprisingly drinkable.
The sea's waves are lashing against the rocks on the shore.
The cobwebs are glittering in the silver dew.
The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.
That's a fair price.
That price is reasonable.
He was now as poor as a church mouse.
He was going to ring her, but then got cold feet.
He was going to phone her, but then got cold feet.
He was going to telephone her, but then got cold feet.
The countermeasures introduced proved to be completely ineffective.
His behaviour gave her pause.
His behaviour gave her pause for thought.
His behaviour made her think.
He didn't leave her with the best impression.
The sea was rough yesterday.
How many does the sofa seat?
Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.
Mary's dog's favourite toy is an old sock.
A small plate is missing.
Could you help a bit?
I dumped Tom.
Do you always drive the same stretch?
Do you always drive the same route?
Do you always go the same route?
Could you come as soon as possible?
Could you come as quickly as possible?
How often does the bus run?
Who do you want to see?
Whom do you want to see?
Would the lady like some more coffee?
That'll do, thanks!
That'll do, ta!
That's enough, ta!
He's always so modest.
He's always so unassuming.
Woollen socks are the best socks in the world.
This film really is a timeless masterpiece.
They don't seem to feel particularly at home here.
They don't seem to feel especially at home here.
With tenacity like that, you can learn any language.
The injury healed quicker than expect.
The injury healed faster than expect.
The injury was healing faster than expect.
She replied with tears in her eyes.
She answered with tears in her eyes.
I'm happy that the medicine that the doctor prescribed really worked.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the jetty.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the pier.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the harbour wall.
You could tell he was fairly impatient.
You could tell he was quite impatient.
They haven't acclimatised themselves yet.
You haven't acclimatised yourself yet.
It was snowing all week.
It snowed all week.
By the way, is there anything in particular your wife might like as a present?
I fought Tom.
Marcus tends sometimes to bore his listeners with trivia.
They have no fixed abode.
You have no fixed abode.
The students asked questions one after the other.
The students were asking questions one after the other.
The fog lifted, and everything was fine.
The fog cleared, and all was well.
He was hiding under the table.
He comes from a remote village in Northern Sweden.
Persistent rain was forecast for this afternoon.
Continuous rain was forecast for this afternoon.
I'm happy the medicine that the doctor prescribed really worked.
I robbed Tom.
I'm happy that the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.
I struck Tom.
I'm going to work in the garden tomorrow if it isn't raining.
I'll sue Tom.
Have you ever been sued?
I'm happy the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.
I adopted Tom.
I'm going to fry an egg for myself. I can fry you one, too.
I let Tom eat what he wanted.
I let Tom say what he wanted.
I let Tom sit where he wanted.
I let Tom buy what he wanted.
I avoided Tom.
Feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Feel free to eat anything in the refrigerator.
I'm beginning to suspect that that's not going to happen.
I berated Tom.
I'm beginning to suspect that that isn't going to happen.
I blocked Tom.
I think that neither of those things is going to happen.
It's been six years since my friend went away.
I carried Tom.
It's been snowing all week.
It's been raining for the past three days.
I'd like to thank everybody who helped me get this done.
It's sad to forget a friend.
I live in Aleppo, Syria.
Sami lives in Aleppo, Syria.
Layla lives in Aleppo, Syria.
I emailed Tom.
I'd like to thank everyone who helped me get this done.
I live in Tripoli, Libya.
Sami lives in Homs, Syria.
I noticed Tom.
I am Moroccan from Casablanca.
I live in Casablanca, Morocco.
I live in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Did you feel the earthquake last night around midnight?
Not everyone has had a friend.
I took Tom in.
I'm always harder on myself than I am on other people.
You can have several careers in your life.
I trapped Tom.
The loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
I'll kill Tom.
My father threatened to wash my mouth out with soap.
Tom had a dizzying career.
I did love Tom.
I'm beginning to suspect that's not going to happen.
A brilliant career awaited him.
A brilliant career awaited her.
Ask her where she parked her car.
I harassed Tom.
I live in Tripoli.
I'm beginning to suspect that isn't going to happen.
I just met Tom.
I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.
I let Tom live.
I'm hungry because I didn't have time to eat lunch.
I loved French.
We're going home together.
I'm ashamed to say that the job isn't finished yet.
She was singing and he was dancing.
There are about forty people here.
"What languages do you know, Mary?" "C++, Java and a little PHP. What about you, Tom?" "French, Japanese and Hebrew."
I made Tom mad.
I can't even imagine what you must've gone through.
Why are they talking so loud?
I made Tom pay.
There are lots of other things we should be doing.
I met with Tom.
I found it in the dictionary.
I've already done most of what I have to do today.
I love German.
Which one are you going to choose?
I rejected Tom.
I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.
I resented Tom.
I'm going to do my homework as soon as I get home.
I rewarded Tom.
We all got down on our knees and started to pray.
I stood by Tom.
There are lots of other things we could be doing.
Tom and I left.
I've already read the book you're talking about.
Tom and I quit.
I'm going to write about what I did last winter.
Tom wants them.
I'm going to go to sleep as soon as I get home.
I glared at Tom.
What are you on?
I'm going to be much more careful in the future.
Which one is the better of the two?
I got Tom fired.
There are many other things we should be doing.
Do you want some ice cubes?
Which meal would you recommend?
Please keep us in the loop.
We speak Low German. You too?
Which candidate will you vote for?
Which candidate are you going to vote for?
Steve Irwin was a famous Austrian TV personality.
Don't forget to flush.
Remember to flush.
I held Tom down.
I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to do.
I ran after Tom.
I'm afraid we're headed in the wrong direction.
I sided with Tom.
In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
I don't know what I should do with these boxes.
I had to kill Tom.
I have to go to town.
I didn't have time to eat lunch, so I'm hungry.
I was given another task.
Who sent Tom there?
I met Tom in jail.
What was Tom convicted of?
I've attached the document that you requested.
My father refused to lend me a car.
I have lost my credit card.
I cannot find my credit card.
I wonder if I can find my credit card.
I gave Tom some wine.
Self-flagellation is pointless.
Did you receive my invitation?
I'm going to stay for another couple of weeks.
Self-flagellation is unproductive.
Most Jews find the Antideutsch movement creepy.
I like Tom's haircut.
I'm ashamed to say the job isn't finished yet.
I looked hard at Tom.
Yanni was absolutely terrified.
Yanni was literally crazy.
Yanni was completely insane.
There are no bad dogs, just bad owners.
Yanni barely arrived there on time.
Skura was scantily clad.
Yanni rarely goes there.
Yanni usually left the door open in the summertime.
Yanni and Skura arrived roughly at the same time.
I'll be glad to help you whenever you need me.
Yanni had a bizarrely disturbing encounter with a man who told him that he was a wanted serial killer.
You shouldn't have gone to his place.
It's almost summertime.
I am tired of his constant reprimanding.
Yanni looked visibly distressed.
Yanni looked downright terrified.
Yanni was sobbing uncontrollably.
I tried to catch Tom.
Yanni literally saved Skura's life.
Yanni was absolutely crazy.
Try something simpler.
Yanni was less than pleased by Skura's conduct.
Yanni was holding an incredibly big pistol in his hand.
I don't think that I need to worry about that.
Yanni could barely react.
Yanni literally urinated in his pants.
This could actually happen to Yanni.
He complained about getting a small portion.
He complained that he got a small portion.
Yanni was driving a battered old sedan.
You're fucking wrong!
Yanni immediately detected Skura's Kabyle accent.
Yanni didn't necessarily understand it that way.
I think Tom is a hero.
Yanni has done his job to the letter.
Yanni gave Skura a few crisp dinar bills.
Yanni is a sly fox.
Yanni saw Skura eating raw meat.
It was a seemingly empty restaurant.
Yanni seemed absolutely terrified.
Yanni slightly turned his head to the right.
Yanni realized that something was horribly wrong.
Yanni can't remember Skura's exact words but they were essentially that.
I don't know what I should do with this stuff.
Yanni instantly called the police.
Yanni lives in a suburb of Boston.
Yanni was pretty heavily involved in drug trafficking.
Yanni was constantly smoking.
Yanni lives in his native Algiers.
Yanni was essentially a magnet for paranormal things.
If only I remembered where I had left it.
Yanni runs a bookstore in Algiers and summer is his slow season.
Yanni bit Skura viciously.
My only friend was Tom.
Something extremely messed-up happened at work.
Absolutely nothing seemed amiss with Yanni.
Yanni immediately jumped into action.
Yanni and Skura were in tears.
Yanni was given an adrenaline shot through the heart.
The paramedics gave Yanni an adrenaline shot through the heart and managed to revive him.
Yanni got Skura's attention.
One of the separatists called me "Algerian" in an accusing tone.
Yanni continued to yell insults at Skura through the window.
At that time, Yanni lived in a small town in Algeria.
I don't have the physical strength to do that.
Yanni was incredibly lazy.
Dusk was quickly approaching.
Yanni's restaurant was oddly desolate for lunch time.
Yanni got up to leave, but Skura barely looked at him.
Yanni's and Skura's tables were angled differently.
Yanni was steadily increasing the volume of the TV.
Yanni was definitely unaware of what was going on.
Eventually, the police car drove off.
I dated Tom for a while.
When Yanni was 24, he moved to Algiers to be in college.
Yanni didn't really expect Skura to talk to him.
Yanni was definitely off mentally.
Suddenly, adrenaline kicked in and I punched Yanni square in the face.
I'm very thankful for all you've done for me.
I noticed Tom was there.
I certainly can't do that as well as you can.
I played chess with Tom.
Yanni was probably in his early forties or late thirties.
Yanni mumbled something in what sounded like Berber.
I'm going to write about my summer vacation.
Yanni hasn't actually done anything harmful.
Yanni moved to Algiers shortly after.
Yanni smiled warmly at Skura.
Yanni laughed a little nervously.
Yanni is not really interested in dating right now.
Yanni smiled awkwardly.
Yanni was finally gone.
Yanni initially thought Skura was in high school.
Yanni is definitely glad he didn't see Skura this morning.
I want to room with Tom.
Yanni usually wore large glasses.
Yanni trusted his co-worker implicitly.
I'm going to use the new hammer you gave me.
his stomach is weak
Tom knows what he's lost.
Where are your hats?
I'm going to tell you what needs to be done.
Yanni immediately panicked.
When the door closed, Yanni immediately panicked.
Honestly, when I saw Yanni, I was shaking.
Yanni was really scared.
Yanni was probably being paranoid.
The separatists are overly stupidly paranoid.
Yanni inappropriately touched a female co-worker.
Yanni got exactly what he deserved.
Tom already knows the rules.
Yanni was watching his daughter carefully.
Yanni was thoroughly freaked out.
That small town coroner was unable to determine the cause of death of this stranger.
I'm going somewhere quiet where I can study.
Yanni grew up in a really safe neighborhood of Algiers.
The mosque was adjacent to Yanni's elementary school.
Yanni had a copy of the Quran with him.
That man was probably trying to kidnap Yanni.
Yanni escaped across the park.
Yanni reported Skura immediately.
Yanni got reported immediately.
What Yanni told Skura was completely inappropriate to talk about.
Yanni didn't know exactly when Skura would be coming to pick him up.
Yanni was practically the last person to leave the burning building.
Tom realizes what he's lost.
Skura completely ignored Yanni's gross questions.
Yanni regrets not doing anything to help Skura.
Yanni was moved to tears.
Yanni was looking right at Skura and her dog.
Yanni probably should have called the police as soon as he heard that noise.
Yanni's trip started out normal.
Yanni laid his arm on Skura's thigh.
I struggled to understand what had happened.
Yanni accidentally touched Skura's chest.
Yanni can't fully remember all of the poem.
Skura was brushing her wet hair.
Yanni immediately told Skura to go to her room.
Yanni went to a Quranic school.
Yanni went to a different Quranic school.
The sun was already up.
Dating isn't really Yanni's thing.
Tom realizes he's in trouble.
Yanni is mentally unstable.
Now what could possibly go wrong with that?
Yanni continuously said he wanted to kill Skura.
Yanni responded verbally.
Yanni continuously pushed Skura to hang out with him.
Yanni didn't like Skura going to things without him.
Yanni didn't take that seriously.
Yanni didn't take Skura's threats seriously.
Yanni is originally from Algiers.
Yanni is away from Algiers.
Yanni got a threatening message from the separatists a few weeks ago.
Yanni blocked Skura on Facebook after getting that message.
Tom has a gray car.
Yanni stepped in to allow the door to close.
Yanni lifted the lid quickly.
Just the sight of that sauce made my stomach turn.
Yanni's eyes widened.
Yanni's eyes slightly widened.
I don't drink tequila as often as I used to.
Yanni's windows are barred shut.
In my eyes, Tom is a hero.
Yanni's house was supposedly haunted.
Tom is a hero in my eyes.
Yanni was four feet from the door.
Skura's hair was pulled so hard that her head tilted backwards.
Listen really closely.
We, apes, have been ingesting alcohol for million years that began with eating fermented fruits fallen on the ground.
Yanni sat near the door.
Yanni went to school with Skura.
Yanni needed to pee.
Yanni slipped Skura a thousand dinar bill.
Yanni left the theater.
Yanni got some snacks.
Yanni cheerfully told Skura he was glad to help.
Yanni wasn't doing his squats right.
What Yanni said was complete bull crap.
Yanni smiled with the most perverted smile ever.
Yanni smiled with the creepiest smile ever.
Yanni wanted to avoid all confrontation with that guy.
Yanni proceeded to his next exercise.
Yanni decided to stay at Skura's place.
Yanni went to a beach that gets a lot of tourists.
Yanni's beach is beautiful and affordable.
Yanni loves that beach.
Yanni went to a pretty secluded beach.
Yanni seemed to be in his own world.
Yanni headed up to do some exploring.
Yanni usually travels with a Swiss knife.
Last night the young lady's libertine activities hurt the front wall of her vagina.
Tom already knows why I'm here.
I speak Ido.
There are lots of other things we could do.
Tom realizes what he has to do.
I've been busy getting ready for the party.
When I swallow I feel an intense pain caused by my elongated temporal styloid process. My condition is called "Eagle Syndrome".
Tom already knows Mary has died.
I'm not lazy. I just don't want to do that.
Tom doesn't know what he's lost.
I'm finding that very difficult to believe.
Tom doesn't know he's in trouble.
I'd highly recommend doing that right away.
Tom realizes what he needs to do.
I was going through a divorce at that time.
Tom already knows Mary left early.
Experts may be wrong.
The reason why your corneas are getting covered with pterygium—what is called "the Surfer's Eye"—is because you are exposing yourself too much to the sun and the wind.
What flavor of ice cream do you like best?
What will I have to do?
Tom already knows everyone's name.
I'm thinking about that problem right now.
Tom realizes that he's in trouble.
I'm going to do it no matter what you say.
Tom already knows everybody's name.
Tom already knows that Mary has died.
I don't think I need to worry about that.
Tom already knows who has to do that.
I don't keep track of that kind of thing.
We weren't able to get what we wanted.
Tom wasn't able to get what I wanted.
We weren't able to get what we needed.
Tom doesn't know that he's in trouble.
I sat there by myself for a long time.
Tom already knows who needs to do that.
I don't plan to leave any time soon.
Tom already knows who wants to do that.
I don't live too far away from here.
Tom already knows what happened to Mary.
I guess we all do that sometimes.
Tom already knows who's going to do that.
I don't drink tequila very often.
I live on the other side of the river.
I actually wrote a song for you.
Tom and I ended up becoming close friends.
What day will the retake be?
Please accept our condolences.
Tom and I no longer play in the same band.
I couldn't get what he wanted.
I soon learned that Tom was very dangerous.
I couldn't get what I needed.
I think that Tom is a hero for what he did.
I don't pay you enough, do I?
Tom already knows exactly when he'll leave.
I don't always eat properly.
Tom was the one who inspired me to do this.
I just know it's not true.
I soon learned Tom was hard to get along with.
I don't tell jokes well.
Tom already knows I'm not very happy about it.
I wasn't wearing a tie.
Tom already knows where he's going to do that.
Get your knee off our necks!
The cellphone that I bought was quite cheap, but it is helping.
Help me, otherwise I will lose two hours in that queue.
Suddenly, the branch he was on broke, and he fell to the ground.
Algeria will not establish diplomatic relations with Israel.
Algeria will not normalize relations with Israel.
Algeria can't normalize relations with Israel.
I love this expression.
I cannot leave the car today. Let's see whether the gentleman will help me.
Tom and I don't play in the same band anymore.
Suddenly, the branch he's on breaks, and he falls to the ground.
I felt as calm as ever.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston to get married.
That box is too big to put in the boot of the car.
My brolly broke.
I didn't try very hard.
What a load of absolute codswallop.
I had a friend named Tom when I was growing up.
I've seen many things.
Yanni is for a one-state solution in Palestine.
I'll only have to stay with Tom for three days.
I wouldn't mention it.
Tom and I ended up becoming really good friends.
Now everyone is against the Palestinians.
I never eat breakfast.
I didn't like Tom at all the first time I met him.
I had to be very firm.
Tom and I were suspended from school for fighting.
I don't teach anymore.
We stayed together in Boston for a couple of days.
I don't live near you.
Algerians will never forget Palestine.
Algerians are with Palestine.
In Palestine, the one-state solution is the only just and viable solution.
I soon learned that Tom was hard to get along with.
I don't like you much.
They know very little about Palestine.
How are the Palestinians portrayed in your country?
Tom already knows that I'm not very happy about it.
I don't like tomatoes.
Tom went to Annaba, Algeria.
Tom visited Annaba, Algeria.
Almost every time I see Tom, he's wearing headphones.
My brother lives in Annaba, Algeria.
I don't like the idea.
Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Is it OK for a journalist based in Canberra, Australia, to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia in Oslo or should we call the Norwegian ministry of foreign affairs to apply for some sort of authorization to do so?
Tom already knows Mary will be at his birthday party.
Can Saudi Arabia be openly criticized in France?
I've lost my credit card.
I can't find my credit card.
You shouldn't've gone to his place.
To criticize Saudi Arabia and some few other countries, you'll need to apply for an authorization from the Internet Thought Police.
Can we still openly criticize Saudi Arabia online?
I don't have to leave.
Palestine matters.
Palestinian lives matter.
I think that... Palestinian lives matter.
Palestinian lives matter, I think.
Palestinian lives matter, too.
I think that Palestinians are... human, too.
Why are you so terrified of the truth?
I think it's still OK to criticize Saudi Arabia online.
I think it's still OK to use the word Palestinian online.
Most Israelis are, thank God, decent people, and discussing the one-state solution with them is, I think, absolutely possible.
I hope it's OK to criticize the state flag of Mississippi here.
I hope we still have the right to criticize the flag of Mississippi online.
I hope it's still OK to criticize the flag of Mississippi without having to ask permission from the KKK.
I hope it's still OK to criticize the flag of Mississippi without having to apply for permission from the Ku Klux Klan.
The flag of Mississippi contains a Confederate flag. That's why I personally consider it as a racist flag.
I hate Lynard Skynard for their use of the Confederate flag.
I think that the Confederate Flag is a racist symbol.
I didn't like Tom at all the first time that I met him.
Tom lives in a glass house.
I don't have to do it.
France is home to the world's third largest Jewish population, composed primarily of those ethnically cleansed from North Africa.
I've known her for one year.
I offered Tom thirty dollars to help me clean my garage.
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
I don't have cable TV.
Tom already knows that Mary will be at his birthday party.
I am tired of his constant scolding.
I don't eat very much.
Tom and Mary rented a house in Boston after getting married.
I don't drive to work.
Does anybody know her?
Tom and I had to work together, even though we hated each other.
We don't seem to be a unit.
I don't drink tequila.
There's no impossible thing, just an incapable person.
He didn't forget his money.
Ken complains of a headache.
I was washing the dishes.
I have known her for years.
A motherland is something you can't choose.
I called Mary's father and asked him for permission to ask Mary out.
I wouldn't like to justify my decision.
Don't go straight!
You're too big for your britches.
He has an interview tomorrow.
I dislike such people.
That car didn't indicate it was going to turn right.
I served everyone food.
I didn't study enough.
Are you a fucking moron?
Are you a bellend?
He's buying glasses.
I sat near Tom.
Those dogs wouldn't stop barking.
The hotel is next to the movie theater.
I didn't sleep at all.
What was the colour of the white horse of Napoleon?
I hit Tom's car.
How many passengers are on board the ship?
I didn't quite get it.
I kept Tom busy.
The cat chased a squirrel.
Are you sure that he will come in time?
I'm thinking it over.
I know Tom, too.
I prepared for death.
I listen to Tom.
Is it really better to burn out than fade away?
I have it on my left.
I had trouble moving.
I protected Tom.
I guess that's a yes.
I rode with Tom.
I got us a good deal.
Hitler dreamt of an alliance with the British Empire.
I sang with Tom.
"'Aman' is the Berber word for water." "That's a lie! It's Kabyle."
"'Ul' is a Berber word and it means heart." "You're a liar! It's Kabyle."
"'Argaz' is Berber for man." "No, that's not true and you're a liar! This is a Kabyle word."
"'Tidikelt' is a region in the Sahara Desert and it's a Berber word." "No, that's a lie and you're a liar! This is a Kabyle word."
Yanni has always been somewhat awkward.
We decided to go to the shopping centre.
Yanni has always been pretty bad at talking to girls.
Yanni is the exact opposite of his sister.
Yanni wrote Skura a love letter on Valentine's Day.
Yanni set up a dating profile on the Internet.
Yanni received a message from a girl who was extremely attractive.
Yanni liked Skura's name.
Yanni had a dry sense of humor.
I don't wear pajamas.
Yanni and Skura talked about a lot of things.
Yanni was one of the nicest people I've ever spoken to.
Yanni picked Skura up downtown.
Yanni was paying the checks.
Yanni and Skura went to dinner.
Yanni and Skura watched a movie.
His career had a lightning start.
Yanni and Skura went to the movies.
The lake has a deep blue color.
Yanni didn't respond to Skura's text right away.
Yanni and Skura were celebrating Valentine's Day.
Yanni let go of Skura's hand.
I can't compete with you.
Yanni was staring at the water.
Yanni was standing there with a smile on his face.
Yanni talked to Skura in a flirtatious voice.
Yanni walked out of the trail.
Yanni saw two guys standing there.
The soldiers took turns punching and kicking the Palestinian teenager.
Yanni called the cops.
Yanni had an entire plan to rob Skura.
Yanni didn't want to take any chances.
The police couldn't track Yanni.
Yanni had a couple of hundred bucks on him.
Yanni still has nightmares of that night.
Yanni got attacked by a group of strangers.
Yanni was a thief.
Yanni disappeared into obscurity.
Yanni has never been a huge fan of Valentine's Day.
At the time of that story, Yanni was forty years old.
Yanni's shift was very slow and boring.
Yanni was watching Youtube.
Yanni wanted to watch some Netflix.
Yanni recognized that woman.
Yanni went to high school with Skura.
Yanni greeted Skura with a hug because that was just his personality.
Yanni has been a bit of an insomniac lately.
Yanni and Skura laughed and joked about some high school memories.
Yanni showed up in the middle of the night.
Yanni went to the bathroom.
Yanni and Skura have some mutual friends.
Yanni is not much of a horror buff.
Yanni came out of the bathroom a few minutes later.
Yanni responded in a confused manner.
I saw Tom's car.
Yanni slammed both hands on the counter and started yelling obscenities at the bartender.
Yanni tried to grab Skura's arm.
Yanni was staring at Skura with almost lifeless eyes.
Yanni was covered in tattoos.
Oksanka hid in the attic.
Yanni tattooed Skura's name on his chest.
Yanni couldn't even catch his breath.
Yanni kept his gaze fixed on Skura.
He's too fat to run fast.
Yanni kept his crazy gaze on that nurse.
Yanni ignored the policeman.
Yanni feels like he owes Skura his life.
Yanni is an Algerian truck driver.
Yanni doesn't work overnights anymore.
Yanni got help.
Yanni developed an obsession for Skura.
Yanni is still in jail.
Valentine's Day is a time for love.
Yanni lived in a fairly warm place.
Yanni and Skura decided to take a quick hike.
Yanni and Skura had a picnic.
Bagsy the front seat!
The area where Yanni and Skura had a picnic overlooked his home.
Yanni and Skura went off the main trail and walked to their favorite picnic spot.
Yanni was staring at the beautiful view.
Yanni heard something in the woods.
Yanni insisted that we check up the backyard.
Yanni so a strange shape behind the trees.
Yanni saw a dark figure in the woods.
Yanni felt intense anxiety.
Yanni saw a person in the trees.
Yanni left all the stuff behind and went back to his tent.
Yanni was about forty feet away.
Yanni looked like he had a beard.
Yanni heard the rustling of the trees.
Yanni called the authorities right away.
Yanni spotted a boat from so far away.
I don't want to help.
Skura's boyfriend always spoils her when he can.
Yanni lives in a relatively safe area.
There is a police station right around the block.
Yanni got the table set with candles.
Yanni smelt a funny smell.
Yanni doesn't use body wash.
Yanni greeted Skura with Valentine's Day flowers.
Yanni and Skura had a lovely evening.
Yanni came to the bottom of the stairs.
Yanni went into the other room and called the police.
Yanni saw muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
Yanni's did not lock his door.
Yanni's window was never shut.
Yanni wore black work boots.
Yanni pushed Skura against the wall.
Yanni's intentions were unknown.
Yanni couldn't sleep well that night.
Yanni was in the shower.
Yanni is still trying to cope with the experience.
This story happened to Yanni four years ago on Valentine's Day.
Yanni went to Skura's house for a lovely dinner.
Yanni lived in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni lived next to a corn field.
Yanni lived on the outskirts of town.
Yanni pulled over on the side of the road.
Yanni isn't real good with measurements.
Yanni took out his phone to try to record that.
I stole for Tom.
Yanni is an Algerian college grad.
Yanni was getting ready for work.
Yanni looked in shape.
That kind of stuff doesn't really happen to Yanni.
Yanni sent Skura a beautiful bouquet of roses.
Yanni cleaned some dishes.
Yanni saw a car parked outside his house.
Yanni sat back down at his computer.
Yanni pulled back the curtain.
Yanni and Skura locked eyes.
Yanni couldn't make out the license of the car.
Yanni and Skura stood not more than inches apart.
Yanni was living in Algiers, Algeria.
I don't walk anymore.
Yanni became friends with some soldiers.
Yanni bothered Skura on the bus.
Yanni and Skura had an interesting conversation.
Yanni arrived in Algiers, Algeria.
Yanni lived in downtown Algiers.
Yanni had no idea which direction to go.
Yanni stayed there for a little bit while his phone charged.
Yanni called a taxi company.
Yanni's number was at the top of the list.
Yanni was trying to call a cab.
Yanni's phone died ten minutes after he made the call.
Yanni's cab wasn't marked.
Yanni's cab had no logo.
Yanni felt some relief.
Yanni got on the main road.
I supported Tom.
I don't use steroids.
The back door was child-safety locked.
I'd support Tom.
Yanni glanced around the room like he was looking for someone.
An indescribable fragrance emanated from the lotus flowers.
Yanni was understandably on edge.
Yanni made Skura into a fool.
Yanni messaged Skura aggressively.
Yanni was visiting family in Algeria.
I don't need to work.
Yanni can neither speak nor read Berber.
Yanni has lived all his life in Algeria.
Yanni screamed a string of words that would make a sailor blush.
I bailed Tom out.
Don't let emotion cloud your judgement.
I get a bang out of it.
The separatists are paranoid by nature.
The separatists are constantly freaked out.
Stuff it.
The separatists know they're screwed.
I don't like walking.
The separatists just don't want to admit their defeat.
The separatists are totally marginalized.
Yanni put his car in reverse.
Yanni reversed.
Yanni lives in a crappy part of Paris.
Yanni gave Skura major red flags.
Yanni impersonated a girl on Facebook.
Yanni was a huge weirdo.
Yanni's story is long and convoluted.
I cooked for Tom.
Yanni talked about Skura's Kabyle accent.
The lotus flowers gave off an indescribable fragrance.
Algeria and Pakistan are completely different.
Yanni went to a huge music festival.
I don't like to wait.
Yanni had a pretty interesting Kabyle accent.
Yanni was from Algeria as well.
Yanni made Skura's blood run cold.
Yanni flirted with Skura harmlessly.
This sentence has nothing to say.
Take it as an example.
Yanni was given four days off.
The leader of the separatists is a paranoid person.
Yanni got out of his car.
Yanni pulled up to the curb.
Yanni opened his trunk and started rummaging around.
Yanni threw his car in reverse.
Yanni sprang back to his car.
Yanni was muttering cuss words and insults.
You're a good example.
You're the best example.
You're right; that's a good example.
Kabyle dresses are usually not revealing.
Can you wear a Kabyle dress with high heels?
Yanni complimented Skura's Kabyle dress.
I cried with Tom.
Yanni asked Skura to come with him to Algiers.
Finally, the bus came.
The bus was practically empty.
I have already told you that I don't want to go to Algiers.
I don't like to swim.
Male fern is not more masculine than female fern; it is just that the first has brighter leaves and looks more robust than the other.
Yanni headed back to Algiers.
This is not a very good example.
I don't envy Tom.
I don't like singing.
Yanni got seriously creeped out.
Yanni was generally cool to work with.
Yanni put as much distance between him and Skura as possible.
I gave Tom a pen.
Yanni ended up at a retirement home.
I invited her for lunch, but she refused my invitation.
After your surgery, you must spend a few days in a spa town and recover in thermal springs.
That room was occupied by another couple.
I don't like shaving.
The cable was sticking out of the wall.
I didn't dare to say anything.
Yanni bolted out of that room.
Yanni steadfastly refused to talk about that.
Yanni dressed up for a Halloween party.
Yanni was washing the dishes by hand.
Yanni heard a voice as clear as day in his head telling him not to go there.
Yanni got in bed with his wife.
Yanni was home by himself that evening.
Yanni was looking for the source of the smell.
The light started flickering.
I gave Tom a tip.
Yanni began to miss Algiers.
Yanni heard laughter from behind the fence.
Yanni was staring at Skura through the hole.
Yanni's dad made a scene.
When the chest is too compressed, one can have a hard time breathing.
Yanni has an infant brother.
Yanni moved over, making room for Skura.
Yanni practically swallowed the sandwich whole.
I don't like reading.
I wonder if my credit card will be found.
Yanni assumed Skura went back inside.
Yanni is not able to sleep through the noise.
Yanni turned the music down.
Yanni wondered what Skura was doing out so late.
Yanni emerged from the trees.
Yanni fell asleep quickly.
Yanni ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
The interrogators were yelling questions at Yanni.
What mistake did I make?
Yanni's ship has been in dry dock for four months.
Yanni was on duty that night.
This music lifts my spirits up.
Yanni started to doze off.
Yanni could hear his own heart beat.
Yanni shook his head in disappointment.
I gave Tom money.
Tom's illiterate, isn't he?
I don't like Mondays.
The lotus is an aquatic plant with very large leaves and flowers.
I brought Tom some gifts.
I don't intend to go.
I hired Tom back.
I don't have to work.
There are just over ten thousand phrases in Elefen on Tatoeba.
I lived with Tom.
Yanii's dog hated the upstairs.
The ghost disappeared into nothing.
Skura should wear Kabyle skirts.
I don't have to know.
Yanni heard a buzzing noise.
Yanni went to work super tired with bags under his eyes.
Yanni stabbed the wheels of Skura's car.
I might kill Tom.
Yanni entered the forest.
The buses stop circulating long before midnight.
Yanni passed by the creepy forest.
Yanni passed by his middle school.
I don't have to help.
I quit on Monday.
"What language do you speak the most?" "Berber."
Yanni's parents only spoke Berber to him.
Yanni speaks very good Berber.
The separatists are very mean and racist.
The racism of the separatists is crazy.
I don't drink at all.
He's very capable.
He's very competent.
He's very skillful.
Tom is very skilled.
Tom is very skillful.
He's capable.
He's skilled.
He's skillful.
You're skilled.
You're competent.
I said hi to Tom.
Tom is skilled.
Tom's skilled.
Am I competent?
Am I skillful?
I can't pay my debts.
I shouted at Tom.
The police set up a roadblock.
The mountain is popular with hikers, mountain bike riders and snow sports enthusiasts.
The official start of the ski season in New South Wales has been delayed until June 22.
Weather scientists said May was the warmest month on record worldwide.
Eight structures were swept into the sea by a landslide near the Norwegian Arctic town of Alta.
A local resident captured the event on video.
He ran for his life when he realized what was happening.
Tom ran for his life when he realized what was happening.
No injuries were reported.
A dog that was washed into the sea was able to swim back to land.
You're bothering the others.
The World Meteorological Organization warned that climate change will have a major impact on biodiversity and nature as well as on people’s socioeconomic development and well-being.
I'll fight for this.
The most above average temperatures were recorded over parts of Siberia where they were up to degrees Celsius above average.
That is absolutely huge.
It is breathtaking.
It shattered records.
Temperature records were shattered in Alaska and Antarctica.
The WMO reported more than 90% of the excess energy from increased concentrations of greenhouse gases goes into the ocean.
Ocean heat is at record levels and sea level increases continue unabated.
Scientists see deoxygenation alongside ocean warming and acidification as a major threat to ocean ecosystems and the well-being of people who depend on marine life.
The spill has been contained.
The oil spill has been contained.
Cristobal made landfall Wednesday on Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
President Donald Trump rolled back protections Friday at a marine conservation area off the New England coast.
President Trump signed an order to allow commercial fishing in a stretch of water critical for endangered right whales and other fragile marine life.
The Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument off the New England coast, created by former President Barack Obama, was the first national marine monument in the Atlantic Ocean.
The conservation area comprises 5,square miles (8,square kilometers) east of Cape Cod.
The conservation area contains vulnerable species such as fragile deep sea corals and endangered right whales, which number only about 400.
The whales are susceptible to ship strikes and entanglements in fishing gear.
Environmental groups vowed to push back against the president's actions.
Rolling back protections for the marine monument "is part of the Trump administration's continued assault on environmental protections," said Elizabeth Turnbull Henry, president of the Environmental League of Massachusetts.
The Antiquities Act of lets presidents establish national monuments but doesn't give them power to undo such a designation.
Tom is a birder.
Tom is a birdwatcher.
"The black experience is not just one of trauma," James said. "It's one of pride, strength and joy."
James is part of a group of African Americans working in science, technology, engineering and mathematics who put Black Birders Week together.
The tweets of cute birds and pretty scenery can be a relief from the rage on social media.
She fell in love with fieldwork studying lizards in the Chiricahua Mountains of Arizona.
"That's when I was like, 'Oh, this is awesome,'" she said.
Her love of lizards and the outdoors has persisted.
Each Wednesday, she shares lizard facts and photos on her Twitter account.
What if we're seen together?
I'll fight for that.
I trust Tom, too.
I was wearing a tie.
I think I did right.
Wash the window.
I've already signed all the documents.
I'm going to use the new hammer that you gave me.
I haven't yet used the new hammer you gave me.
I haven't yet used the new hammer that you gave me.
I was poor.
She was being serious.
I was poor back then.
Where can I study Polish?
A lot of people like this song.
We're going to visit Vietnam.
We'll visit Vietnam.
What's the capital of Scotland?
Kiss me, Sir.
That's not a horse; it's a donkey.
That's not a very good example.
What will they say?
What are they going to say?
What will he say?
What's he going to say?
Please get somewhere safe.
My grandfather collects books.
What'll she say?
What's she going to say?
What'll he say?
What'll they say?
What will she say?
Today is a very important day for us.
Today's a very important day for us.
Why are you so difficult, Sir?
Have you been to England?
The acts agreed with the words.
The house is hers.
He's going to visit his grandmother on Saturday.
I wrote Tom back.
I will try to find the appropriate answer.
This child is an orphan.
He is polite to me.
Shall we drink?
Apple trees are growing in the garden.
My aunt is planting the tomatoes in the garden.
His complaints are endless.
He passed without greeting us.
Do not interrupt us when we speak.
I needed three hours to write this letter.
No one could predict this.
The bus stop is next to the hotel.
Happiness is to love.
It was good for a beginner.
How often does this newspaper come out?
We, the French, really love wine.
Put the pistol on the table.
But what are you doing this weekend?
What you're doing is driving me crazy.
We've worked enough for today. Let's eat!
You have the right to be happy.
Take this medicine when you feel bad.
I sincerely hope so.
Where is the closest store?
Today was a very difficult day.
When you're hungry, you can eat even stones.
Thomas is cutting wood.
I will go to France on holiday.
Yes, let's go!
I can't finish this translation today. I will save it for tomorrow.
The children are coming home from school.
Find the books.
My dog knows Tom.
You're a despicable person.
He finished the second exam.
We always stay in this hotel.
I like this statue.
A woman's heart sees more than the eyes of ten men.
I read it in a book.
We all adore Tom.
We don't want to read the book.
His wife talks in her sleep.
His husband talks in his sleep.
I made the decision.
We vomited.
Let's help him!
I knew we must stop.
I just had to do it.
I just kissed Tom.
I just had it fixed.
I knocked Tom out.
I'd like to build my own house.
I don't want to run.
I left Tom a gift.
I don't usually win.
I let Tom come in.
I don't study a lot.
I don't smoke grass.
I should call Tom.
I don't live nearby.
I snitched on Tom.
I don't like yogurt.
I don't like sports.
I don't like my dog.
What do they read?
I don't like butter.
There are a lot of libraries in Paris.
The gardener planted a rose in the middle of the garden.
The gardener planted a rose in the centre of the garden.
The gardener was planting a rose in the middle of the garden.
The gardener was planting a rose in the centre of the garden.
Would a couple of sandwiches for breakfast be all right for you?
She reads before going to sleep.
Dozens of letters are waiting for you.
There are dozens of letters waiting for you.
The film was long-winded, in his opinion.
He claimed the opposite.
He was claiming the opposite.
She seemed to be holding back tears.
Do you want a lift?
Would you like a lift?
She had every reason to get a divorce.
She keeps a diary in English.
They were having fun playing video games.
They had fun playing video games.
They were having fun playing computer games.
They had fun playing computer games.
Telephone for you, Mike. It's Jane.
Mike, it's for you. It's Jane.
Mike, it's Jane on the phone for you.
He was ill in bed this week.
The dog's at home.
She did eighty press-ups.
Whenever they meet they argue – without exception.
He was lost in thought, his hand pressed to his forehead.
None of them took part in the meeting.
It was terrible weather.
This problem seems simple at first glance, but actually it's fairly complicated.
He was thinking about how quickly time passes.
She crouched down.
He ate a piece of the cake.
If only it was that simple.
Do you like that sofa?
I don't eat oranges.
It's a multipurpose instrument.
These reports don't tally with the facts.
The lido is to be closed.
He plays in the senior team.
He lost his regular place in the team.
He has lost his regular place in the team.
The home team grabbed the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
The home team managed to score the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
He was substituted shortly before the end of the second half.
The referee made himself equally unpopular with the fans of both teams.
The referee made himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
The referee was making himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
The referee was making himself just as unpopular with both sets of fans.
Even the stadium announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
The manager was sent to the stands.
The coach was sent to the stands.
Mary Hansen was an Australian musician and member of the group Stereolab.
I know Tom's parents.
Smelling the fragrance, which awoke in him so many memories, he was overcome by a longing for home.
I don't charge much.
She didn't have the faintest idea.
She didn't have the slightest inkling.
She didn't have the slightest clue.
He looked over the text, but overlooked the error.
Ugh, your waffle iron's all dirty!
Ugh, your waffle iron is filthy!
A cheetah in a hurry can reach a speed of kph.
Do you often write to your parents?
Jack got up early.
Who's the scally who broke the window?
Who's the scamp who broke the window?
The factory site is square metres big.
I used Tom's hatchet.
A metre is a hundred centimetres.
He's at home in France.
A blackberry picker picks buckets a day.
Add the grated carrots and diced cheese.
Slice the leek and wash it under a running tap.
Slice the leek and wash it under running water.
Then add the finely-chopped apples.
It spoilt his appetite.
It's spoilt his appetite.
The rice should absorb all the liquid.
Peel and chop the shallots.
Remove the pips and stem.
Add the natural yoghurt and soya milk.
Peel the carrots and slice them into strips.
Let the cake cool down before serving.
Wash the aubergines and top and tail them.
Wash the aubergines and remove their ends.
He's got to apologise to her.
He has to apologise to her.
He must apologise to her.
Masaru got married today.
Pity there's no fig biscuits in the refectory.
Ten thousand plus five thousand five hundred makes fifteen thousand five hundred.
I don't care anyway.
The dog sniffed at a fish lying on the landing stage and, taking fright when it suddenly began to thrash about, fell into the water.
Tom, the dog's owner, went into a care home: Bello, the dog, into kennels.
The book is selling well.
Milk doesn't keep long in warm weather.
The cellar is flooded.
The application was rejected.
Don't you want to get some fresh air?
If the depth of the tyre tread is too shallow, the probability of aquaplaning increases.
Marcus left the room without saying a word.
They avoided standing too close to each other.
They were avoiding standing too close to each other.
I've read Tom's will.
He's an easy-going bloke – always has both feet on the ground.
The result was a disappointment.
The wind blew so hard that the windowpanes rattled.
The wind was blowing so hard that it rattled the windowpanes.
The wind was blowing so hard that the windowpanes were rattling.
It's very nice in the park when the weather's good.
It was raining cats and dogs.
It was sheeting with rain.
He let an old lady go ahead of him in the queue.
She studied abroad to brush up her English.
She was studying abroad to brush up her English.
Felicja likes watching television.
Felicja likes watching telly.
Felicity likes watching telly.
He leant back in the armchair and read a book.
He leant back in the armchair, reading a book.
He was leaning back in the armchair, reading a book.
The evening was gloomy.
The evening was dark.
The evening was murky.
It was a dreary evening.
I'm not hurt badly.
He quickly established himself as one of the most widely read authors in the country.
The university's main building was designed by a young Danish architect.
Spring nights are short.
Nights in springtime are short.
The game got a lot of people excited.
He has lost interest.
He lost interest.
It's very laudable.
It's really very commendable.
That's very praiseworthy.
He is easily offended.
Everything tastes good when you're hungry.
It wasn't worth mentioning.
What had begun as a dry discussion quickly and unexpectedly developed into a full-blown argument.
He knocked on the door and waited.
Marcus is quite a normal fella.
Marcus is a fairly normal bloke.
The old man took out his pocket diary and leafed through its pages.
The thunder is rumbling, and it is pouring with rain.
The thunder's rumbling, and it's lashing down.
The thunder's rumbling, and it's teeming with rain.
It's not as strange as it sounds.
It's not as weird as it sounds.
I'm a very old man.
I reached for my cane.
I quickly stood up.
I never see Tom anymore.
I love these songs.
When does the train for Prague leave?
This train is going to Budapest.
I sold Tom my old guitar.
Mary asked Tom to peel potatoes.
Which tram goes to the square?
I love these books.
This traffic light isn't working.
Strong wind started to blow in the morning.
We found out that everybody had already slept.
The building has twelve floors.
The teacher is entering the classroom.
Students are leaving the classroom.
I gave Tom a lot of money.
Some people were standing, others were sitting.
I have the package.
I knew Tom's grandparents.
I don't wear suits.
I paid Tom's rent for him.
I don't want a car.
Strong wind started blowing in the morning.
The tram was crowded, so I decided to walk.
The tram was crowded, so I decided to go on foot.
I don't talk a lot.
Don't over-egg the pudding, Tom.
I was dating Tom back then.
Tom is considering going on strike.
Tell me please when lunch is ready.
I don't study much.
I can guess the meaning of some sentences.
The flowers are yellow.
I deny that.
I wrote Tom back to let him know that I'd be there.
I have a TV.
Where will we sit?
The apple is bitter.
I saw Tom's note that he left on the kitchen table.
If I were younger, I would start to build my own house.
I have kids.
It will backfire on you.
Tom has been separated from Mary for three months.
I have more.
I wouldn't have done that without their consent.
I saw Tom smoking behind the school building.
I like kids.
I didn't want Tom to know that I'd seen him.
I like okra.
Do you think that Tom would want to join us?
I like pork.
I proposed to Mary, but she turned me down.
We are the children's teachers, but we have a lot to learn from them.
I like rain.
I've been trying to reach Tom all morning.
I play golf.
I've been Tom's neighbor for three years.
I want help.
I fell in love with the French language.
I found Tom's car abandoned in the woods.
I'm hopeful.
I think that Tom would want to know why.
I don't cuss.
I've never kissed Tom, but I'd like to.
I feel angry.
I didn't want Tom to know I'd seen him.
I need a gun.
We teach children, but we also have to learn from them.
Does Tom have enough money to buy that?
I need a tie.
My sentence is original.
Do you think Tom would want to join us?
There are no words to describe this place.
I need these.
I noticed that Tom's shoes were dirty.
No need to call her now.
I'm going in.
You're a good man, Tom.
I'd like to know today.
I would like to know today.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what he ought to do.
I expected her to come and visit us this afternoon.
I'm crazy about Germanic languages.
Egypt is often called the "Gift of the Nile".
I am a very old man.
I've been here for over three hours.
I don't curse.
They won't need money.
It was rather cold in the morning.
I've been calling Tom every evening.
We don't need another supermarket in our town.
I dye my hair.
Next month it will be a year that I have been dating her.
I don't care who will win.
I went up to Tom and shook his hand.
When I die, no one will remember me, so I try to leave a mark on people's hearts while I'm still alive.
I get nervous.
I sent Tom the link to your website.
A family took a trip to the mountains.
I have a list.
A ceremony to honor the sacrifice of those who lost their lives in the D-Day landings in was held on Omaha Beach in Saint-Laurent-Sur-Mer in France Saturday.
I've danced with Tom several times.
This is the newest computer.
Let's go to the restaurant.
I like celery.
We bought a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
There are no problems; there are only solutions.
I've been in Boston for many years.
Are you a real cowboy?
I like flying.
I've been here longer than Tom has.
I need a cane.
The boys' dog fled.
I think Tom would want to know why.
The roses are ours.
I own a house.
I started working here last Monday.
I really care.
I wouldn't do that without their consent.
Does Tom really want me to do that?
I am still working.
I see smoke.
He established this school.
Your friendship has never been real.
The white flowers need water.
We share the same opinion.
I've been driving for three hours.
Her company didn't survive the crisis.
It is raining again.
I called again.
Mary asked Tom to wear a mask.
Tom refused to wear a mask.
What does he get out of it?
What does she get out of it?
Does Tom think that's a good idea?
I ordered them to help you immediately.
Getting promoted in this company is impossible.
Would you like to meet me in person?
I couldn't run.
I expected you to betray me.
I didn't expect you to betray me.
In Tatoeba, you can make your dream come true by having your sentences translated into several other languages.
Tom and I talked for a long time.
The train almost derailed.
When we can finally sleep, we will rest.
I enjoy skiing.
What is the length of this train?
I told them that I like trains.
We will transfer to a train here.
Why can't we get on the train?
A train has just passed by.
We must wait until the train has passed.
My cat fell from the fifth floor and escaped unharmed.
Be careful when getting off the train.
I've been helping Tom for months.
There is another storm coming.
She doesn't have friends in this town.
I have a knife.
I saw that Tom's feet were muddy.
I know who won.
I love engineered languages.
I love philosophical languages.
I love experimental languages.
I love international auxiliary languages.
I love fictional languages.
I love Berber languages.
I've been talking to Tom online.
I love Chadic languages.
I love Cushitic languages.
I love Omotic languages.
I love Afroasiatic languages.
Lidiia Stepanivna teaches Hebrew at a university.
I love the Egyptian language.
I like my name.
I think that Tom has a headache.
I love Canaanite languages.
I love Old South Arabian languages.
I love Modern South Arabian languages.
I love East Semitic languages.
I love Ethiopian Semitic languages.
I like popcorn.
I think I know how Tom did that.
I like science.
Tom has thalassemia.
Mary has thalassemia.
I saved Tom's dog from drowning.
I need a coach.
I pushed Tom back into his room.
They didn't want to fight, but they had to.
I need a plate.
In the human torso are two pairs of floating ribs. These ribs do not actually drift freely in the chest, but, unlike the other ribs, they are attached only at one end.
Does Tom have a tenor saxophone?
I own a violin.
I've been here longer than Tom.
I plan to wait.
In general, pigs are fat.
I'm tired of Tom's complaining.
Girls are not allowed to burp.
Girls are not allowed to fart.
I want a horse.
The cat wants to catch the mouse.
I drove Tom's car home for him.
I want to stop.
Does Tom think that I can help?
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.
When I die, I want no crying and no candles.
I couldn't talk.
Does Tom like living in Boston?
I have a camera.
I like celeriac.
I like celery root.
I found Tom's dog in the park.
I have a choice.
I have one knife.
Does Tom want me to come, too?
I have a curfew.
Because my neighbour's blood pressure is so low, he got himself a prescription for a vasoconstrictor.
We're Italian; how about you?
We're Italian; what about you guys?
The mouse dreams of catching the cat.
Does Tom want anything to eat?
The mouse wants to catch the cat.
I have a garden.
Does Tom often skip breakfast?
"Why do you want to climb Mount Everest?" "Because it's there."
I have time now.
I gave a lot of money to Tom.
I like licorice.
I bought pencils and a set of gouache paint.
Did Tom think that was funny?
I like raw fish.
Doesn't Tom ever get scared?
I like this hat.
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.
Does Tom often go to Boston?
I like to paint.
Does Tom grow pumpkins, too?
I play the oboe.
Does he collect butterflies?
I've never danced with Tom.
I'm not observant, but Judaism is important to me.
I'm not shomer shabbos, but Judaism is important to me.
A gust of wind blew off Mary's hat.
I shave my legs.
Does she collect butterflies?
I've been shot three times.
I cook every day.
Akkadian is interesting.
Sumerian is interesting.
Ugaritic is interesting.
I've been giving Tom gifts.
I couldn't fight.
I'm not with Tom right now.
I don't like rum.
This is a symbol.
I think Tom has a headache.
I enjoy fighting.
I knew they were Canadians.
I grew very weak.
Does Tom want dessert, too?
I have a dog now.
Thousands of people have kept up with the progress of three peregrine falcon chicks at the top of a tower on the University of California-Berkeley campus.
Three peregrine falcon chicks, high up in this tower, have become social media darlings.
Thousands of people around the world watched the chicks' hatching.
Does Tom regret doing that?
I have a hacksaw.
Does Tom live in this area?
I have a partner.
A thorough search revealed the fact that nothing had been taken but Clayton's two revolvers and the small supply of ammunition he had saved out for them.
Does Tom know who did that?
The sight which met his eyes confirmed his worst fears.
"How long have you been here, Alice?" "Since the beginning," she replied.
I have a printer.
You saved my life once, and in return I'm going to spare yours, but that's all I can do.
Into the small boats were also loaded salt meats and biscuit, with a small supply of potatoes and beans, matches, and cooking vessels, a chest of tools, and the old sails which Black Michael had promised them.
Clayton's first thought was to arrange a sleeping shelter for the night.
Does Tom know what we want?
It was now late in the afternoon.
He gathered her in his arms, whispering words of courage and love into her ears.
Scarcely had they closed their eyes than the terrifying cry of a panther rang out from the jungle behind them.
I know both boys.
He constructed his cabin of small logs about six inches in diameter, stopping the chinks with clay which he found at the depth of a few feet beneath the surface soil.
At one end of the cabin, he built a fireplace of small stones from the beach.
When the house had been entirely completed, he applied a coating of the clay to the entire outside surface to the thickness of four inches.
In the window opening he set small branches about an inch in diameter both vertically and horizontally, and so woven that they formed a substantial grating that could withstand the strength of a powerful animal.
The A-shaped roof was thatched with small branches laid close together and over these long jungle grass and palm fronds, with a final coating of clay.
The building of a bed, chairs, table, and shelves was a relatively easy matter.
By the end of the second month they were well settled, and, but for the constant dread of attack by wild beasts and the ever growing loneliness, they were not uncomfortable or unhappy.
At night great beasts snarled and roared about their tiny cabin, but, so accustomed may one become to oft repeated noises, that soon they paid little attention to them, sleeping soundly the whole night through.
The brilliant birds and the little monkeys had become accustomed to their new acquaintances.
Several of the birds had gone so far as to accept morsels of food from the friendly hands of the Claytons.
Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.
Curtains of grass and bamboo covered the windows.
I've been too soft on Tom.
I know that song.
Does Tom want us to leave?
I know the facts.
Does Tom want a ride home?
The questions themselves were too ugly to even ask, let alone try to deal with the answers.
I know who's who.
Does Tom think it'll work?
I'm too lazy to work.
I must be very bored.
It feels like even more time has passed.
It's been a long time since I've reviewed Japanese.
If they had more books, I'd have bought them.
I bought only five books because they didn't have more.
I bought only four books because they didn't have more.
I was in a comic book shop yesterday.
There's an empty bag on the floor.
It's been a long time since I've heard anyone speaking in French.
Be creative!
Please do not forget punctuation and capital letters.
We like quality.
Is the program fast enough?
What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?
The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.
They should've told us sooner.
I like fireworks.
Who cares what the site looks like on Internet Explorer.
Does Tom think I could go?
I like shellfish.
Does Tom think I can help?
I like that name.
Does Tom still want to go?
I like this font.
Does Tom still want these?
I like this food.
Does Tom still need money?
I like this idea.
Does Tom really want that?
I like this soup.
Does Tom really need that?
I don't give interviews.
I like to gossip.
Does Tom really mean that?
I like your tone.
She had to leave her abusive husband.
The kidnappers held Tom for ransom.
Does Tom play video games?
This is a bit confusing.
I don't want to be in his shoes.
I need a whistle.
Mary told Tom that she was going to the garden to plant a flower.
Does Tom need an umbrella?
I need an office.
Does Tom need a lift home?
I recommend that.
Does Tom like to watch TV?
I think I'll win.
Does Tom like living here?
I think I'm ugly.
Does Tom like comic books?
I think it helps.
Does Tom know who that is?
I trust you, too.
Does Tom know who Mary is?
I walked outside.
Does Tom know where to go?
I won't obey you.
Does Tom know what we did?
I'm against this.
I come here a lot.
You are pregnant already?
Does Tom have any tattoos?
I decided to stay.
Does Tom have an umbrella?
I don't cook well.
Does Tom have a lot to do?
I don't drink rum.
I've been talking to Tom.
I don't earn much.
Does Tom work on Mondays?
I don't eat bacon.
Do you understand what they're saying?
Does Tom want us to wait?
I don't even care.
Who does she live with?
Does Tom want us to stay?
I don't ever sing.
Does Tom want me to help?
I don't get tired.
They are very bad actors.
This house doesn't have central heating.
Does Tom walk home often?
This house hasn't got central heating.
There is no central heating in this house.
Do you like driving?
I don't smoke pot.
Do you have a medical certificate?
Does Tom understand that?
Don't speak to me in a haughty tone.
I don't talk much.
Does Tom think it helped?
I don't mind drinking cold coffee.
I feel very lucky.
I am an insomniac.
Does Tom really think so?
She's lent me her bicycle.
You should take the dog for a walk before it starts raining.
I find this funny.
"Your mother keeps well?" I asked. "Oh, yes. I suppose you know that she has married again?"
Does Tom really not know?
I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly.
Mrs. Cavendish, who had married John's father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middle-age as I remembered her.
She certainly could not be a day less than seventy now.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful.
She was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of her own.
Their country-place, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in their married life.
He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy.
He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, he left the place to her for her lifetime, as well as the larger part of his income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to his two sons.
Their stepmother, however, had always been most generous to them.
They were so young at the time of their father's remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother.
Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth.
He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine.
He lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions.
His verses never had any marked success.
He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success.
John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire.
He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles.
I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own.
Mrs. Cavendish was a lady who liked to make her own plans, and expected other people to fall in with them.
In this case she certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings.
John noticed my surprise at the news of his mother's remarriage.
John smiled rather ruefully.
I hate everything.
We close the windows when it rains.
Does Tom play volleyball?
You could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, she suddenly announced that she and Alfred were engaged!
The fellow must be at least twenty years younger than she is!
It's simply bare-faced fortune hunting.
It must be a difficult situation for you all.
I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world.
It was a still, warm day in early July.
I have a backyard.
I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here.
She has dark hair.
He has dark hair.
Cynthia is a protégée of my mother's.
The girl was left an orphan and penniless.
Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now.
She works in the Red Cross Hospital.
Tom has a new best friend.
Mary has a new best friend.
Does Tom play basketball?
I'm under a tree.
I have a lawyer now.
They leave early and go home late.
Does Tom plan to do that?
This is nail fungus.
I know where I am.
Does Tom often walk home?
I know who to ask.
She's a blonde woman.
Have you already changed your footwear?
Does Tom need more money?
Anyone can freely express themselves.
I like being here.
Does Tom need assistance?
I can be wrong, too.
Tom is said to be hearing-impaired.
I like fried fish.
Does Tom like to do that?
I like fried food.
Does Tom like spicy food?
We are going to look for a restaurant.
Fury brings out weapons.
I like grapefruit.
Does Tom like folk music?
I like green peas.
Does Tom like doing that?
Bobo Halfwit used his skills to build the separatist brand.
Bobo Halfwit, the leader of the separatists, is a certified idiot.
Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, is a certified moron.
The separatists can't face the humiliation of their multiple defeats.
I like modern art.
I've fallen in love with the French language.
Fool Muttonhead is the leader of the separatists.
Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, has an unusual voice.
The leader of the separatists is Algerian by birth.
Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, occasionally delivers speeches via Youtube.
Fool Muttonhead would always begin his speeches quietly.
Do you know these places?
Fool Muttonhead and his separatist followers are planting this idea of 'betrayal' in the heads of our people.
Fool Muttonhead is giving his separatist followers enemies.
Does Tom know who we are?
I like rainy days.
Maybe I should change my job.
Does Tom know who did it?
Job is a prophet of God.
Our publishing company publishes children's books.
Jacob is a prophet of God.
I like spicy food.
Adam is a prophet of God.
Aaron is a prophet of God.
Aaron, the son of Amram, was a prophet of God.
Aaron and his brother Moses were prophets of God.
Aaron was a prophet, and the elder brother of Moses in the Abrahamic religions.
Does Tom know what to do?
Next month it'll be a year that I've been dating her.
I like that store.
John and his father Zechariah were prophets of God.
I told them I like trains.
There's another storm coming.
Why can we not get on the train?
I'm an insomniac.
You're pregnant already?
Does Tom know how to ski?
I've known her for years.
One must not smoke.
I like that stuff.
Does Tom know about that?
I like this beach.
Mary's a harpy.
A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened herself at our approach.
She was a pleasant-looking woman.
She was a pleasant-looking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in its stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to match—these last encased in good thick boots.
Does Tom know what needs to be done?
Where's tea today—inside or out?
You've done enough gardening for today.
She led the way round the house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore.
I shall never forget my first sight of Mary Cavendish.
Mary came back to the car.
Mary returned to the car.
All these things are burnt into my memory. I shall never forget them.
I shall never forget her tall, slender form, outlined against the bright light.
I shall never forget the vivid sense of slumbering fire that seemed to find expression only in those wonderful tawny eyes of hers.
I shall never forget the intense power of stillness she possessed, which nevertheless conveyed the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilised body.
Mrs. Cavendish gave me some tea.
I like this class.
John could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist.
Then you'll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred?
Yes, certainly. After tea will do quite well.
You are so thoughtful, my dear.
He wore gold rimmed pince-nez.
We threw up.
Does Tom have a raincoat?
From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to him.
What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?
"No secret hobby?" she asked.
I like this movie.
Tell me—you're drawn to something? Every one is—usually something absurd.
You'll laugh at me.
"You'll laugh at me." She smiled. "Perhaps."
I came across a man in Belgium once, a very famous detective, and he quite inflamed me. He was a marvellous little fellow.
He was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever.
She tossed off her little V. A. D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of her auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand she held out to claim her tea.
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty.
As I handed her a plate of sandwiches she smiled up at me.
She flung herself down on the ground beside John.
Sit down here on the grass.
John will show you your room.
Supper is at half-past seven.
Nothing is wasted here.
My room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park.
I saw him from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Cynthia Murdoch.
Does Tom have a plan yet?
I heard Mrs. Inglethorp call "Cynthia" impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to the house.
At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree .
I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish.
Studying languages is really amazing!
I like this watch.
I did not see Mrs. Cavendish until lunch-time.
We spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods.
John beckoned us into the smoking-room.
I saw at once by his face that something disturbing had occurred.
Does Tom have a backpack?
The man's twenty years younger than you, and don't you fool yourself as to what he married you for.
He's a bad lot.
I was a little startled.
She laid her hand on my arm, and sank her voice to a whisper.
We walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate.
As we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled.
"That's a pretty girl," I remarked.
Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil.
I often buy bread.
Sami ailesine e-posta gönderdi.
Leyla sevgi dolu bir anneydi.
Does Tom feel better now?
I really think so.
Does Tom feel any better?
I'll eat when I have time.
Tom said that Mary is scarred.
I think I can win.
Don't let your judgment cloud your emotions.
We buy a house.
Certainly there is a solution somewhere and I will find it.
Does Tom ever wear a tie?
The pond is very beautiful under the full moon.
Today the sun is shining, it is hot, and I am very happy.
I think I'll lose.
Does Tom ever wear a hat?
I think I'm wrong.
Does Tom ever go running?
It's a bull.
I think we'll win.
Does Tom enjoy traveling?
I usually do that.
Mary's cat scared Tom's dog.
Tom's cat scared Mary's dog.
Does Tom come here often?
Mary's dog scared Tom's cat.
I'm more exhausted than you could possibly understand.
I was deeply hurt.
Did Tom really mean that?
I'll wash the dog.
Did Tom know what it was?
I'm doing it, too.
Did Tom have enough time?
I believe I'll win.
Did Tom accept our offer?
I don't always win.
You didn't tell her what her father wrote in that letter.
Maybe Tom needs a break?
I don't eat apples.
I've been following Tom.
I don't ever laugh.
They have a lot of money.
Does Tom watch TV a lot?
I don't need to go.
Does Tom want some, too?
I don't often sing.
Does Tom want some cake?
I don't play poker.
Does Tom really like it?
Smaller dogs live longer than bigger ones.
I feel very hungry.
Does Tom play the drums?
I feel very sleepy.
Does Tom play in a band?
I have an umbrella.
Does Tom need some help?
I know their names.
Does Tom need more time?
I know what to buy.
Does Tom need any money?
Excuse me for bothering you.
I actually do hate America.
I have many reasons.
I know what's best.
Tom came back to Boston in 2013.
Does Tom miss Australia?
I know what's what.
Does Tom live near Mary?
I know who shot me.
Does Tom like traveling?
Skin color does not indicate ancestry or origin.
I like cranberries.
Does Tom like to travel?
I like goat cheese.
My life was very different.
Does Tom like spaghetti?
I like green beans.
Does Tom like gardening?
I liked my work a lot.
I like this camera.
I'm trying to get pregnant.
"I'm trying to get pregnant." "Good luck!"
We're trying to get pregnant.
I was eighty years old in two thousand thirteen.
Does Tom like chocolate?
"Has it worked yet?" asked Yuki. Mary just shook her head. The question was, of course, whether she was pregnant yet, because she wanted a child.
I like this design.
Does Tom like anchovies?
I like those shoes.
This is like that man who came before Rabba and said to him: "An official said to me, 'Go kill so-and-so and if you don't, I will kill you.'" He said to him, "He should kill you and you should not kill. What did you think, that your blood is redder? Perhaps that man's blood is redder."
Does Tom know the rules?
This is an important memory.
I like to exercise.
Does Tom have any scars?
I like wearing red.
Does Tom have a website?
I like working out.
Does Tom have a partner?
I need a chauffeur.
Does Tom feel all right?
I need to be there.
Does Tom enjoy his work?
I often drink beer.
Did Tom see the raccoon?
I often drink wine.
Did Tom know the answer?
I often tell jokes.
Does Tom want to sleep?
I often wear a tie.
Does Tom want to leave?
I plan to be there.
The world took everything from the Jews, and it has never forgiven us for this.
Does Tom want one, too?
I really like dogs.
Does Tom think so, too?
I really like this.
No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as though it were all totally clear.
No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as if it was all totally clear.
Marcus asked his neighbour not to throw any more objects from the balcony in future.
Does Tom still hate me?
For a long time Marcus was mulling over the idea of buying himself a new motorbike.
The way, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
The path, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
The company ordered a larger number of fast computers.
The flat consisted of just one room.
The flat consisted of just a single room.
There was nothing more to say about it.
Have you seen how it's blowing a gale outside?
Before long there loomed a development which no one had taken into consideration.
There soon emerged a development which no one had anticipated.
A development soon emerged that no one had taken into account.
The patient looked healthy.
The patient was looking healthy.
He's unusually talkative.
The first suggestion proved to be too complicated.
The first proposal proved to be too complicated.
It's always a great pleasure to meet you.
Meeting you is always a great pleasure.
The party promised to be a success.
Marcus claimed to have been woken by a noise.
Could you please pack this separately?
Mike asked not to be disturbed.
The house remained empty, no one having moved in.
The Met Office warns of thick fog.
The weather service is warning of thick fog.
The dog's barking was disturbing the neighbours.
The dog's barking was annoying the neighbours.
The dog's barking annoyed the neighbours.
The dog's barking disturbed the neighbours.
The manager patted the goalkeeper on the back.
The doctor bandaged the tennis player's elbow.
The wonderful summer has seamlessly become autumn.
When you return empty bottles, you get the deposit back.
How come you haven't said anything about it until now?
She seems to be drunk.
She seems to be the worse for drink.
His furrowed brow suggested lingering doubts.
He had fallen asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
He fell asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
The storm last night led to flooding.
The boys looked after the sick hedgehog.
The boys were looking after the sick hedgehog.
The start was delayed due to bad weather.
The balloon is flying above the city.
The balloon is flying over the city.
The balloon is flying across the city.
The path up the hill was very steep.
The way up the hill was very steep.
I really need that.
The situation was confused; it was total chaos.
It's important to eat a balanced diet.
It's a shame you couldn't come.
The house stood empty after the occupants had moved away.
After the occupants had moved away, the house stood empty.
He's fine, under the circumstances.
He's fine, all things considered.
Things are following their usual course.
He didn't have to wait long before the lock clicked and the door opened.
The town is surrounded by a high wall.
The city is surrounded by a high wall.
For a few minutes there was silence between them.
There was silence between them for a few minutes.
It was a festive occasion.
You don't have to have read everything.
You haven't got to have read everything.
This food really isn't all that bad.
He sneaked round the house to the back door.
He stole round the house to the back door.
He crept round the house to the back door.
He's friendly by nature.
Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.
You could hear nothing but the ticking of the clock.
The announcement came like a bolt from the blue.
That's really not a bad idea.
He is always exceedingly polite.
It's hard for her to relax.
She finds it hard to relax.
Does Tom play football?
He was always abrupt on the telephone.
He was always terse on the telephone.
His manner on the telephone was always short.
Polling day was rainy and cold.
Election day was rainy and cold.
In that case you should come today.
It's nice to see you again after such a long time.
He ate like a horse.
He was eating like a horse.
The chickens live in the chicken coop.
The hens live in the hen house.
Thunder rumbled in the distance.
Thunder was rumbling in the distance.
I really want that.
These days, summer seems a fair way off.
These days, summer seems quite a long way away.
These days, summer seems like a distant memory.
Does Tom play baseball?
She's going to be able to do that.
Do you by any chance know where I might've left my keys?
How long until the game starts?
I regret saying no.
None of those three will line up against the Spanish national team.
How can you not know that?
Up to what age did you believe in Father Christmas?
When love speaks, reason holds its tongue.
Did you have to do it?
Did she have to do it?
There's no one about.
There's no one to be seen.
On what day were you born?
What day were you born on?
A group of students constructed an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
A group of students were constructing an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
A group of students were building an orthopaedic hand using a 3-D printer.
Does Tom often eat out?
The club accepted him as a member.
His speciality is fresh fish prepared with a coating of salt.
His speciality is fresh fish with a salt coating.
This shop has a lot of special offers.
Are you going to eat those cakes?
They've written to their correspondents.
They fell out with each other over something trivial.
The weather is atrocious.
The weather is miserable.
Something is bothering him.
The main bedroom and the living room get the lovely morning sun.
The TGV is the French high-speed train.
What you've said is completely correct.
What you said is completely correct.
What you've said is totally accurate.
What you said is totally accurate.
Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on tracks.
Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on rails.
The metro, trains and trams travel on rails.
The metro, trains and trams travel on tracks.
Some breads are sweet.
It's very hard to convince him of anything.
It's very hard to make anything seem credible to him.
It's very hard to make anything believable to him.
But they had to let him have his way, otherwise he would probably have become ill again.
Almost opposite is the park after which the underground station is named.
Almost opposite is the park after which the tube station is named.
Almost opposite is the park after which the metro station is named.
He devoted himself to linguistic studies.
Diana wants to be a professor.
Mary and Alice are married.
Diana wants to become a professor.
He missed a penalty in the first half.
How far advanced is your pregnancy?
I think I can stay.
What month are you?
Which month are you?
The door was blown shut by the wind.
The wind blew the door shut.
It's definitely not like that.
Thanks for your words of encouragement.
His hearing aid became wet and stopped working.
His hearing aid got wet and packed up.
He arrived at half past eight precisely.
He arrived at half eight precisely.
He arrived on time at half past eight.
It’s nice quality.
The demand is very high.
Demand is very high.
On the other side of the river is a poplar wood.
There's a poplar wood on the other side of the river.
Where is the escalator?
He couldn't see well even with his glasses.
His reign came to an end.
His rule came to an end.
Most of the pupils can speak English.
Most of the students can speak English.
When did this accident happen?
It was the best goal of his career.
An ensemble is a group of performers.
For how long do you plan to stay?
How long do you plan to stay for?
How long do you intend to stay?
I’ll drink chai.
Do you usually eat bread all day?
The news spread quickly by word of mouth.
Can a rook in chess attack in a forward direction?
None of the candidates were successful in the exam.
The sun is reflecting in the clear water of the river.
The sun is reflected in the river's clear water.
Wanna go somewhere?
How much have you drunk?
How much have you had?
He doesn't say any more than is necessary.
He says no more than is necessary.
It’s gonna get busy!
The banks stay closed on Saturdays.
His legs can hardly carry him.
Does Tom need our help?
I have a dog at home.
There’s a box in the hall.
"Where's that book?" "I've given it to Tom. He wanted to have it, and it was just gathering dust here." "Tom? Are you mad? The value of a rare edition like that is totally lost on him! Round his, the books are all lying about on the floor – you trip over them!"
"Where's Grandad? He's meant to be playing football with us in the garden." "Grandad's asleep, and I'd like you to keep in mind that he's well over years old now and can't do everything he used to." "Well you wouldn't have thought it yesterday when he was scoring goals one after the other."
I think I'd fit in.
"All right then, since there's seven of us, Tom can divide the cake up into seven parts." "Why me? Why should I be the one who divides it into seven parts?" "Well, you study mathematics! A single-digit natural number – should be a piece of cake!" "Students of mathematics learn nothing about dividing cakes!"
"When was the last time you used this?" asked Tom. Mary had a think. Finally she answered. "No idea – I can't remember." Tom nodded and chucked the object he'd just shown Mary over his shoulder into the rubbish bin.
The longer a man lives, the closer he comes to death.
Does Tom need anything?
"Have you got my long johns on again, Mary? The ones with dinosaurs, I mean." "With dinosaurs? Have you got a pair like that? Why would I put those on?" "Because you're mad on dinosaurs?"
One of the extraterrestrials stepped forward, cleared its throat and, speaking clear German without an accent, declared that it and its cohorts had come in peace, and that there was no cause for concern.
"Are you driving into town? Could you take my watch in to be repaired?" "I wasn't actually going to go into town, but of course I don't mind changing my plans for you, Mary."
"Are you driving into town? Could you take my watch in to be mended?" "I wasn't actually going to go into town, but of course I don't mind changing my plans for you, Mary."
On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were reading the observer the riot act. "I'm in charge here!" was the inscription added beneath.
On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were in the middle of reading the viewer the riot act. Beneath read the caption: "I'm in charge here!"
Hanging on the wall was a picture of Mary, forefinger raised in threat, appearing as though she were reading the onlooker the riot act. The epigraph mounted beneath read: "I'm in charge here!"
I think I'll dance.
"Sorry Tom! I got the munchies and ate all your beetroot." "Doesn't matter, Mary. I expected that might happen, so I bought two jars."
"Sorry Tom! I've eaten all your beetroot. I was ravenous." "It's all right, Mary. Since I thought that might happen, I bought a second jar."
Canopus lies so far south in the night sky that it can't be seen from Central Europe. Only from the southernmost part of Europe, for example from Crete or Gibraltar, can it be observed.
"Is it true that Mary's finished with Tom?" "Yeah. But we all know it won't be long before she makes up with him again."
"You really speak excellent German!" "It's very kind of you to say that, but considering I've been learning it for nigh on ten years, I really don't speak it well enough."
Tom is old enough to have seen snow in winter as a child; every time he told his grandchildren about it, they wished that they too could one day build a snowman.
Does Tom need any help?
I think it matters.
Does Tom need a lawyer?
I think it'll snow.
Why don't you eat pineapple?
I want to eat mango.
I am eating a watermelon.
This ice cream is not strawberry flavoured.
Does Tom like broccoli?
I think that works.
Does Tom like baseball?
I think we can win.
Do they have to stay there all day?
Does Tom have to leave?
Now it's Peter's turn.
I think you're fat.
It's not hot today either.
Does Tom have any kids?
I trust the police.
Does Tom have any food?
My pants are pants.
I want this to end.
Does Tom have a sister?
I want your advice.
I got my house painted.
Does Tom have a lawyer?
I work on weekends.
Does Tom have a garden?
I worry about that.
Does Tom go to college?
I have strep throat.
Does Tom eat out often?
I like this sweater.
Does Tom eat out a lot?
I like this weather.
Does Tom drive to work?
I need a babysitter.
Tom pointed to a chair and told me to sit down.
I had to sneeze.
I heard part of Tom and Mary's conversation.
I've been waiting over an hour.
I need some support.
I won't sing that song, but maybe Tom will.
I think it's a wolf.
Joseph, Jacob, Isaac, Ishmael, and Abraham were prophets of God.
I like Australia and people from Australia.
I want to forget it.
I gave Tom a piece of paper and a pencil.
I found that helpful.
Mary's a hellcat.
I didn't think Tom would understand it.
I have a job already.
I told Tom not to be afraid of Mary.
More beautiful than the instructor is the friend. More beautiful than learning is thanking.
I can only do so much.
I couldn't wait to tell Tom my news.
I dreamed I could fly.
I knew Tom would be gone all night.
I drink a lot of beer.
I'm going to tell Tom what we did.
I drink a lot of wine.
I gave Tom three one-dollar bills.
I have a visa already.
I'm going to tell Tom to do that.
Do you play soccer with your friends?
I think that I'm ugly.
I explained the agreement to Tom.
I wish I were a robot.
Aaron, the son of Amram, is a prophet of God.
I couldn't take my eyes off Mary.
I've lived here a long time.
We want to see a football game.
I didn't know that you are such a good cook.
Tom acts like a bully sometimes.
Jonah was a prophet of God.
Solomon and his father David were prophets of God.
Elijah was a prophet of God.
Lūṭ was a prophet of God.
Muslims believe that Jesus, the son of Mary, was a prophet of God.
I've never heard that.
I didn't think Tom would get it.
I don't feel reassured.
I left Boston the next morning.
I spent a lot of money.
I gave Tom a spoon to eat with.
I think that I can win.
I felt extremely sorry for Tom.
I emigrated from Portugal to England.
Tom is wearing black glasses.
Arab is not a difficult language.
Colds are a common disease.
I will go by bus.
Foreign films often pique the interest of Americans only if they have a lot of action scenes.
The manager upbraided his team for missing such a glaring error in the documents.
I didn't know that it was possible to sleepwalk into the lake and still not wake up.
I will falsify a permit so that I can go camping there this weekend.
I think that I'll lose.
Keep left at the next traffic lights.
I forgot today is April Fools' Day.
Tom and I explored the cave.
I think that I'm wrong.
These matrices form a vector space.
I decided to tell Tom to go.
I'm feeling sick again.
Today I started my new job.
I'm going to look for Tom.
I'm home every evening.
I'll let Tom go this time.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
It was one of the hottest days of the year.
I'm sorry for shouting.
Do you know how to say this in French?
I felt very sorry for Tom.
This house has got a new facade.
This house has a new facade.
How beautiful it is here!
I don't have assistants.
If you don't pay me I'll hang you by the balls.
I didn't notice the difference between them.
It sounds rather gross.
It sounds rather disgusting.
I think I'm losing.
Tom is an expert on wine.
I expressed my surprise.
Does Tom do that often?
I don't speak Russian, and neither do you.
Programmers round to the nearest 1024.
I must remain and fight.
I have never ordered you around.
I'm an independent person.
How do you say this in French?
Does Tom bet on horses?
I still love to whittle.
Does Tom write poetry?
I don't care about them anymore.
I think that I can stay.
I have just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
Does Tom wish to stay?
I think that I'd fit in.
Does Tom watch soccer?
I think that it matters.
Does Tom want to stay?
I was under the weather.
Does Tom want to sing?
I watched the huge fire.
Does Tom want the job?
I hid the fact that I don't like pickled foods from her for almost two years.
I went back to my hotel.
Because I was tardy a lot, I got on the teacher's bad side.
I don't know if we're meeting tomorrow or not.
This shirt really suits you.
Social empathy can lead us to confront the racism in our country.
Does Tom trust anyone?
Tom will never forget Mary’s gentleness.
I put a pat of butter on my toast...then another...then one more for good measure.
Sorry I'm late; I forgot my sunglasses at home so I had to double back to get them.
The string is kind of old and worn out, so don't yank it too hard.
I'll have to look it up.
This skirt fits your style (aura) perfectly.
Most of Seoul's streets are clean.
Does Tom travel often?
I live in Korea.
It's funny, right?
I was invited to an expensive Chinese restaurant.
You're the best!
I'm the oldest daughter.
Does Tom travel a lot?
I can't possibly do this.
An instructor must also be a friend. He who learns must know how to thank.
Does Tom need my help?
I did that the other day.
Does Tom like walking?
I hate and love.
I don't condone violence.
Does Tom like to sing?
Upon arriving at the beach, we saw a snake.
I think that that's fair.
Does Tom like to draw?
I wasn't being sarcastic.
Does Tom like to cook?
I'm proud to be your son.
Does Tom like surfing?
I don't like multitasking.
Does Tom like spinach?
I will arrive when I can.
I felt tired and run down.
Does Tom like singing?
I happened to be up early.
Does Tom like running?
I never left my apartment.
Does Tom like oysters?
Tom isn't the most educated person.
I think everyone's scared.
Does Tom like it here?
I was desperate for a job.
On arriving home, I fell from fatigue.
Does Tom like fishing?
I'd like to sing with you.
Does Tom like dancing?
I’ll come home and we’ll calmly talk about everything.
I'm from the planet Earth.
Does Tom like cycling?
I'm going to stop you two.
I was rather taken aback by her honesty.
Does Tom like cooking?
I'm going to take them in.
Does Tom like carrots?
I'm just busy, that's all.
On the contrary, I was amazed that a person like her was so mean to others.
Does Tom like camping?
I began taking photographs.
Does Tom like bowling?
I had to leave my homeland to live here.
I had to leave early this morning.
I didn't need an operation.
What she saw in that man I cannot imagine.
She often went off for long expeditions with him.
I must confess that I was quite unable to see his attraction.
We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where the recital was to take place.
We had a late luncheon.
We spent the afternoon resting in the garden.
John's manner was somewhat unusual.
He seemed very excited and restless.
After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down.
I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis.
Tom challenged Mary to a single at tennis.
There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part.
She did not return with us.
She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party.
She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party, and to remain the night with some friends who had been acting with her in the tableaux.
The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorp stayed in bed to breakfast.
What a lot of bottles!
"What a lot of bottles!" I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room. "Do you really know what's in them all?"
"Say something original," groaned Cynthia.
Say something original.
Every single person who comes up here says that.
Every single person who comes here says that.
And I know the next thing you're going to say is: "How many people have you poisoned?"
If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldn't joke about it.
Come on, let's have tea.
We had just put away the last teaspoon when a knock came at the door.
Does Tom like bananas?
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect.
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
She was the opposite of her sister in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
He had a certain charm of manner.
I fancied that, if one really knew him well, one could have a deep affection for him.
As we drove through the village, I remembered that I wanted some stamps, so accordingly we pulled up at the post office.
As I came out again, I cannoned into a little man who was just entering. I drew aside and apologised, when suddenly, with a loud exclamation, he clasped me in his arms and kissed me warmly.
I had no idea he was a friend of yours.
I had no idea Tom was a friend of yours.
I had no idea she was a friend of yours.
Tom left everything and moved to Europe.
Tom left everything behind and moved to Europe.
Tom left everything behind and moved to Boston.
Tom left everything and moved to Boston.
I don't sink in it too far.
His head was exactly the shape of an egg.
The neatness of his attire was almost incredible.
I believe a speck of dust would have caused him more pain than a bullet wound.
Yet this quaint dandyfied little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police.
As a detective, his flair had been extraordinary, and he had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day.
I've some letters I must finish by post-time.
Have you lighted the fire in my room as I told you?
I'll go to bed directly after supper.
She went into the boudoir again.
Tom read from the teleprompter.
Does Tom like Vivaldi?
He did not seem to have heard her.
She did not seem to have heard him.
Tom did not seem to have heard Mary.
I think I'll go to bed now.
Does Tom know who won?
I think everybody's scared.
Does Tom keep a diary?
I'm from the state of Iowa.
I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
I ran upstairs to fetch my racquet.
She, too, was looking odd and disturbed.
"Had a good walk with Dr. Bauerstein?" I asked, trying to appear as indifferent as I could.
Cynthia was waiting for me, and greeted me eagerly.
There's been the most awful row!
"Was Dorcas there, then?" "Of course not. She 'happened to be near the door'."
I don’t see what's wrong with this.
Aunt Emily will send him away, and will never speak to him again.
I was anxious to get hold of John, but he was nowhere to be seen.
Evidently something very momentous had occurred that afternoon.
Does Tom have to stay?
Mr. Inglethorp was in the drawing-room when I came down to supper.
I'm going to look for them.
Does Tom have a knife?
It was my fond dream.
It was my cherished dream.
We're declaring bankruptcy.
Elijah is a prophet of God.
Does Tom have a hobby?
Eliyahu was a prophet of God.
Eliyahu is a prophet of God.
According to Judaism, Elijah will return to herald the coming of the Messiah.
I don't have any assistants.
Does Tom go out a lot?
I don't know everybody here.
Does Tom ever do that?
I fell asleep on the ground.
I've been dating Tom.
I left home with high hopes.
I sat there with Tom.
I love all kinds of animals.
Does Tom work at all?
I see why that might happen.
Does Tom want it now?
I think I need one of those.
Does Tom want coffee?
I think everyone uses these.
The lion is the king of animals.
Does Tom want a ride?
We can't drink the tap water.
I thought it sounded so odd.
Does Tom want a beer?
I'll always be proud of you.
Does Tom travel much?
I'm fairly certain that Tom can understand French, but I could be wrong.
I'm not really a bad person.
Does Tom still dance?
I come from a musical family.
Does Tom really care?
I don't usually say anything.
Does Tom play squash?
I think I'll hit the hay now.
Does Tom play soccer?
I'm going to throw them away.
Does Tom need it now?
I'm going to throw this away.
Does Tom need a ride?
I'm going to write that down.
She drinks the water slowly.
Does Tom need a lift?
I'm physically healthy again.
Does Tom need a hand?
I couldn't stop looking at it.
Does Tom need a coat?
I didn't have to pay anything.
Does Tom miss Boston?
I had to think about that one.
Does Tom like tennis?
I heard only my own breathing.
Does Tom like sports?
I only heard my own breathing.
Does Tom like soccer?
I stepped outside for a smoke.
Does Tom like salmon?
I think that's perfectly fine.
Does Tom like pepper?
I'm ashamed to be your father.
Does Tom like horses?
I'm going to throw these away.
Does Tom like hiking?
I'm not sure who that girl is.
Does Tom like grapes?
I'm the one who should resign.
Did you find the exit?
Does Tom like coffee?
I'm trying to find a solution.
Does Tom like cheese?
I began to feel a little silly.
Does Tom like apples?
How was your trip to Germany?
The witnesses were heard by the police.
That's so disrespectful! Give me the book of complaints!
It costs less than fifteen dollars.
I could see thousands of stars.
Does Tom have enough?
I will make the necessary changes next week.
I felt a sharp sense of regret.
Does Tom have doubts?
I hope you enjoyed our program.
Does Tom have a will?
I know that I'll make mistakes.
Does Tom have a pool?
She is treacherous, like a serpent.
I know that this story is true.
We gave him the apple.
I am a night owl.
Does Tom have a pass?
Mary was elected by two-thirds majority to represent our country.
We shouldn't rely on that data. It's far from being true.
Nobody has a monopoly on truth.
Tom cusses.
I'm going to write their names down before I forget them.
Jean looks at the roses.
Our team won yesterday.
The orchestra played well.
Maybe you'll get lucky.
Tom gambles.
To those who don't know him, Fool Muttonhead is a sweet and charming man, but to the people who truly know him, he's a radical separatist, a racist, an Islamophobe and a hatemonger.
I'm going to write down their names before I forget them.
Tom has one.
Algeria openly supports the Palestinians.
Algerians openly support Palestine.
Algerians openly support the Palestinians.
I've been working here since I graduated from college.
Do you know the difference between an eggplant and a zucchini?
The US government stole thousands of Native American children.
The US government sought to eradicate Native Americans.
The US attempted to eradicate Native Americans.
The US attempted to assimilate Native Americans.
The US attempted to "civilize" Native Americans.
Native American children were forcibly taken from their families in reservations and adopted by white families.
Native Americans are the indigenous populations of the Americas.
They tried to make Native American children ashamed of their origins.
Tom pays us.
The US government attempted to assimilate Native American children.
Native Americans were forced to send their children to be schooled in English.
Native Americans wanted to hold on to their languages and cultures.
The US government stripped thousands of Native American children from their languages and cultures.
In the US, the cultural genocide of Native Americans has been buried in history books.
Many Palestinians live in overcrowded houses.
Thousands of Native American children were adopted by Caucasian families.
Thousands of Native American children were placed in Caucasian foster homes.
Thousands of Native American children were removed from their families and placed in Caucasian foster homes.
Native American children placed in white foster homes were made to feel bad about their Native American heritage.
I was finally able to do what I'd been trying to do.
Tom uses it.
Muslims are still under attack.
Floyd was a good man.
We want justice for Floyd.
People want justice for George Floyd.
I don't usually say anything at our weekly meetings.
This is one of the most historic mosques in Algeria.
Derek Chauvin killed George Floyd.
We're grieving the loss of George Floyd.
Palestinians are grieving the loss of George Floyd.
I'm Palestinian myself.
I'm half-Palestinian myself.
Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin killed George Floyd.
We need to seek justice for George Floyd.
Around the world, protesters are marching for George Floyd.
Does Tom ski?
Derek Chauvin is facing forty years in prison.
She owes a lot of money.
You have some butter.
The doctor prescribed some medicine.
I'm planning to finish the report.
Did you come by train or by bus?
She brought some water.
I've been wanting to tell you this for a long time.
He told his mother he would study tomorrow.
What impressed me the most was the blue sky.
Tom helps me.
She has a sweet tooth.
I'm interested in mathematics.
I'm mathematically oriented.
I failed because I never went to any of my classes.
I admire her thoroughness.
Why do you need all this stuff?
Tom likes us.
I suspect that many of them know that already.
I've never told this story to anybody before.
Tom obeys me.
I've never told this story to anyone before.
Tom wants us.
He's very provocative.
Mark works only for money.
I thought that I should try to look my best.
Tom is wearing baggy trousers.
Does Tom bowl?
Tom thinks Canberra is the capital of Austria.
Tom thinks Vienna is the capital of Australia.
I'm going to be too busy to help you today.
She is as treacherous as a serpent.
He is not going to explain it to them.
Stop faffing around.
Does Tom care?
My cousin is a lawyer.
Whoever isn't jumping is not Czech.
I wanted to ask something.
We just need to get used to this.
I've committed the perfect crime, I think.
He is quarrelsome.
Does Tom fish?
I suspect many of them know that already.
Does Tom mind?
I've been doing this since this morning.
Does Tom surf?
I have to clear my throat often.
I want to see how this hat looks on you.
Tom eats fish.
I've been working here for a long time.
I am thinking about what happened.
He is thinking about what happened.
She is thinking about what happened.
Skura is thinking about what happened.
Yanni and Skura are thinking about what happened.
Tom eats meat.
Skura and Nuja are thinking about what happened.
They are thinking about what happened.
I will be here for at least a week.
He will be here for at least a week.
She will be here for at least a week.
Skura will be here for at least a week.
Yanni and Skura will be here for at least a week.
Skura and Nuja will be here for at least a week.
They will be here for at least a week.
I washed the apples.
He washed the apples.
She washed the apples.
Skura washed the apples.
Yanni and Skura washed the apples.
Skura and Nuja washed the apples.
They washed the apples.
I knew that Skura was lying.
He knew that Skura was lying.
She knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Yanni and Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja and Zira knew that Skura was lying.
They knew that Skura was lying.
I've been to several funerals recently.
I became exhausted.
He became exhausted.
She became exhausted.
Skura became exhausted.
Yanni and Skura became exhausted.
Skura and Nuja became exhausted.
They became exhausted.
I became very suspicious.
He became very suspicious.
She became very suspicious.
Skura became very suspicious.
Yanni and Skura became very suspicious.
Skura and Nuja became very suspicious.
Tom eats pork.
He was caught stealing.
They have very complex social lives.
I'll have time to help you after lunch.
This custom is followed in many households.
Mary's probably worried sick about me.
Tom likes rum.
We arrived there before him.
I didn't want to leave you there.
I have to edit the report.
I got interested in this story.
It wasn't windy.
I have the right to go wherever I please.
I told myself I wouldn't do this again.
He was absent from school because he was ill.
Furthermore, I believe that Carthage must be destroyed.
Tom obeyed me.
You set up a trap.
Women don't pay attention to him.
They became very suspicious.
I thought I should try to look my best.
Where can I buy tickets to the theatre?
Tom thinks so.
I bet that the price of oil will go up.
She said she wasn't insured.
Does Tom agree?
The youth were called to the mosque.
We eat fish for lunch.
We have fish for lunch.
I am expecting visitors.
I like old fashioned things.
I actually live not too far from here.
Does Tom dance?
Is Tom dancing?
I think you need to get one of those.
That's what brings good things to your life.
Yanni attempted to end his life multiple times.
Put your dreams in your journal.
Celebrate your accomplishments.
Get serious about your dreams.
Tom does drugs.
Yanni wants to live a healthy and long life.
I stepped outside for some fresh air.
Yannin isn't part of Skura's life.
Yanni is a born liar and an excellent excuse maker.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the leader of separatists are miseducated people.
Tom likes beer.
If I were you, I wouldn't believe him.
I don't think I want to read Tom's report. The less I know, the better.
I have read a book.
I don't often leave my house anymore.
Don't wait for life to make decisions for you.
Yanni has read all of Ilan Pappe's books.
Yanni is careful who he lets into his life.
Don't dwell on the past.
Yanni sticks to his word.
Tom likes eggs.
Yanni knows how to manage his emotions.
Yanni is fearless.
Yanni is intimidating.
I didn't have to give them any money.
Skura was holding her baby in her left arm.
Reading people is a fantastic skill to have.
Tom likes kids.
Yanni always honors what he says.
Yanni gained Skura's respect.
Yanni stands by his word.
Don't only focus on yourself.
Start small and build from there.
Learn to say no.
Your need to respect yourself first.
Rabbi Dovid Weiss speaks in Yiddish.
Yanni wrote a letter to Rabbi Dovid Weiss in Yiddish.
Yanni enjoys speaking Yiddish with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni wants to visit Palestine with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni wants to visit the West Bank with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni and Rabbi Dovid Weiss visited many Palestinian towns in the West Bank.
Yanni was rude to Skura.
Yanni was cranky to Skura.
Yanni needs to approach the problem headon.
Yanni needs to address the root of the problem.
I did the only thing that I could do.
Yanni kills rude bosses with kindness.
Yanni's behavior is negatively affecting his life.
Tom likes milk.
Yanni lent a sympathetic ear to Skura's complaints.
Yanni continued to blame others for all the issues in his life.
Focus on solutions, not problems.
You don't seem to like me very much.
Avoid negative self-talk.
Tom needs that.
Life isn't supposed to be fair.
I think that you've come a long way.
Act intelligent.
Tom plays golf.
I recommend that you try to do that.
Yanni knows there's much more in life to achieve.
Contentment leads to stagnation.
Mastering a language is a journey, not a destination.
Tom tells lies.
Yanni has a limp handshake.
I just got my amateur radio license.
Tom wants kids.
I don't want to spend a lot a money.
Tom watches TV.
I don't ever want to go there again.
Does Tom gamble?
I'm the one who makes the schedule.
Tom often cries.
People that curse speak their mind more clearly.
I'll take you anywhere in the city.
Does Tom do yoga?
When fried, these mushrooms are edible and even a treat.
I'll give you a couple of examples.
Does Tom feel OK?
I think that I know everybody here.
Does Tom hate it?
I never wanted to do anything else.
Does Tom like it?
I didn't get to bed until 2:a.m.
Does Tom mean it?
I decided to do a little exploring.
Does Tom miss me?
You don't seem to know what to do.
Does Tom recycle?
You don't seem to know the answer.
Does Tom want it?
I was finally able to get a break.
Tom misses a lot.
I threw the pistol into the river.
Does Tom blame us?
I think that's why we got married.
Does Tom do drugs?
I think that I know everyone here.
I don't need an operation.
I thought it sounded odd.
Does Tom eat pork?
I pushed my way into the elevator.
Does Tom know CPR?
I know what's real and what isn't.
Does Tom like rap?
I thought Tom was straight.
I don't intend to do this forever.
Do you young people want lights, or do you enjoy the twilight?
Does Tom meditate?
A panda escaped from his enclosure at the Copenhagen Zoo.
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it was going to rain.
I don't have to answer that, do I?
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it rained.
Abrams wondered whether Browne barked.
I think Tom is in.
I bet the price of oil will go up.
Abrams was very old.
Abrams left it to Browne to bark.
I want to sue Tom.
You don't seem to know very much.
Does Tom cry often?
You don't seem to be very sleepy.
Does Tom deny that?
I, too, have my responsibilities.
Does Tom eat a lot?
I'm very careful with my clothes.
Does Tom eat pasta?
I'll die before I give it to you.
Does Tom even care?
I thought that it sounded so odd.
Does Tom ever rest?
I think that they'll be cautious.
Does Tom feel well?
I had a better year than you did.
Does Tom like fish?
I don't agree with either of you.
Does Tom like golf?
Could you bring us the menu?
I knew your dad.
Is the sun going to shine tomorrow?
The dog was running round the tree.
She has won numerous awards.
Did you read it cover to cover?
The two teams swapped shirts after the game.
Both teams swapped shirts after the game.
The woman has bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
The woman bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
The woman has bought a lot of flour and sugar.
The woman bought a lot of flour and sugar.
The woman has bought loads of flour and sugar.
The woman bought loads of flour and sugar.
Longitude is measured from Greenwich.
A wall surrounds the old town.
The old town is surrounded by a wall.
Lucy is painting a portrait of Mischa.
Lucy is taking Mischa's portrait.
There's a park behind the cinema.
Having failed twice, William doesn't want to try again.
Having twice failed, William wouldn't like to try again.
He thought better of it.
What time is lunch round yours?
What time's lunch round yours?
What time is lunch at yours?
What time is lunch at your place?
What time do you eat lunch at your place?
What time is lunch eaten at yours?
It looks just like him.
It's common knowledge.
She's having a bath at the moment.
She's in the bath at the moment.
She's having a bath at the minute.
It rained after several weeks of lovely weather.
What time do you have tea?
What time do you make it?
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not true.
I do that unconsciously, I guess.
Does Tom like peas?
I actually need to do that today.
Does Tom like pork?
You don't seem very happy today.
Does Tom like rice?
You don't seem to want our help.
Does Tom like that?
You don't seem to trust anybody.
Does Tom like this?
You don't seem to smile anymore.
Does Tom like yoga?
I've never been on a blind date.
Does Tom own a car?
I've been looking for this book.
Does Tom own a gun?
I'm thankful to my family.
I heard you were looking for me yesterday.
I write for the local newspaper.
This river is four times longer than that one.
Does Tom trust you?
I wish that I could go with you.
There are two sides to every coin.
His answer is far from being perfect.
How the mighty have fallen, and the weapons of war have perished!
Does Tom want help?
Was Christianity invented by the Flavian imperial family to pacify Judean rebels?
I took my rifle out of its case.
I read a very interesting novel yesterday.
I've read a book.
Does Tom want kids?
It's a dangerous and insidious animal.
I've just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
I've just hard-boiled myself an egg.
I've just made myself a hard-boiled egg.
He acted according to my advice.
I didn't know that story at all.
Does Tom want more?
This suit isn't black.
Keep left at the next traffic light.
At Acme Corporation, we value your safety. This is why we're including a free bottle of hand sanitizer with every product ordered.
I did the only thing I could do.
Does Tom want that?
I have a monopoly on the truth.
You don't seem to trust anyone.
I think I hurt Tom.
You sprung a trap.
You sprang a trap.
Where can I buy tickets to the theater?
My mum helps me a lot.
Mum helps me a lot.
Tom is an antivaxxer.
Tom is an anti-vaxxer.
You don't seem to like spinach.
What's the total area of Australia?
The bag is brown.
Australia is a landlocked country.
I think Tom was in.
Austria is both a country and a continent.
I like Tom's no-nonsense style.
I like Tom's no-nonsense attitude.
Mary has this no-nonsense manner about her.
Esther's no-nonsense approach can be really off-putting to some people, but I love it.
You don't seem to like it here.
People watch Judge Judy for her no-nonsense approach.
The demagogue liked to whip up the masses.
I want Tom to come.
You don't seem to be in a rush.
Passages from the Gospels were frequently used to whip up the villagers into an antisemitic frenzy, thus keeping them from ever rising up against the nobility.
The Gospels articulated a calumny that would be used for millennia to justify the slaughter of Jews.
Britain is an island as well.
I'm starting a fan club for Tom if you'd like to join.
Welcome to Tatoeba, also known as Tom's fan club.
I want Tom to sing.
This widely-held belief is archeologically inaccurate.
The notion of a Hebrew conquest of Canaan from Egypt is archeologically inaccurate.
Archeologically speaking, there was never any Hebrew conquest of Canaan.
Linguistically speaking, the verb ser expresses the gnomic aspect while estar expresses the episodic aspect.
You don't seem to be concerned.
The philosopher is known for his gnomic diction.
Old English literature was gnomic and alliterative.
Does Tom ever laugh?
The philosopher is known for her gnomic diction.
We haven't determined that yet.
In preparation for his trip to Vienna, Tom decided to learn some Australian German.
Does Tom have a gun?
This country is a disaster.
I've been living a double life.
Does Tom have a map?
I've been here for a few weeks.
If one pays attention to one mistake, one most often overlooks the others.
Does Tom have money?
I've been drinking quite a bit.
Does Tom have to go?
I'm not going to try to escape.
Does Tom like liver?
I was born in the south myself.
Does Tom like opera?
I think you've come a long way.
Britain, too, is an island.
Does Tom like pasta?
I guess I'll hit the sack.
You don't seem very confident.
Does Tom like pears?
Which dictionary do you use most often?
You don't seem to want to win.
I have no idea what we call it here.
In the quaint gazebo in the rose garden, Henry wept all afternoon.
Does Tom like pizza?
I've been working all morning.
Tom doesn't know the difference between some rice and a pea.
Does Tom like rugby?
Maria is a rebellious girl.
I've been very busy with work.
Does Tom like sushi?
Most often, God gives us wives who are completely different from us.
I've been secretly doing that.
If he had been there, would you have wanted to come?
Does Tom need a key?
I think I know everybody here.
Does Tom need money?
Tom is a bit miffed that we didn't tell him the truth.
You don't seem too convinced.
Does Tom need to go?
You don't seem to be wealthy.
Does Tom own a boat?
You don't seem to be relaxed.
Does Tom play chess?
You don't seem to be curious.
Does Tom still care?
You don't seem all that busy.
You've known me for some time.
The stronger always blames the weaker.
Does Tom still swim?
I've been doing this all day.
Does Tom trust Mary?
You don't seem very focused.
Does Tom want a dog?
I've been so busy with work.
I am painting a workroom.
Does Tom want a job?
Where is Toma the dog?
Is Tom playing chess?
I've been fooled many times.
Does Tom want these?
You don't seem very sleepy.
Does Tom want to go?
I've been drinking all day.
Does Tom wish to go?
I think that it was unfair.
Does Tom work a lot?
I actually want to do that.
I hang out with Tom.
You don't seem very tired.
Silence, please.
I like Tom and Mary.
You don't seem very smart.
She won't win.
I like the name Tom.
You don't seem to like me.
Does Tom feel better?
You don't seem to like it.
Does Tom have a bike?
I haven't read many books.
Does Tom have a blog?
You don't seem so strong.
I work in Boston now.
I think that it was fair.
I don't let Tom drive.
I didn't know the reason.
I don't like Tom much.
You don't seem too busy.
Tom sure does talk a lot.
I was robbed last night.
I work with Tom every day.
I don't want you to win.
I saw Tom scribbling on the wall.
I don't need to do this.
I've been a carpenter for three years.
I don't like your jokes.
Do you know Tom's address and phone number?
I don't know what I did.
I've been working here for three years now.
I don't know the reason.
I've been separated from Tom for three months.
I don't have to do this.
I saw Tom spray painting something on the wall.
You don't seem wealthy.
I've been working at this bar for three months.
I don't want to retire.
I've been fighting with Tom about that all week.
I don't take vacations.
I've been in love with Tom since I was thirteen.
I don't live on a farm.
I've been studying French for about three years.
I guess I'll go to bed.
I don't live near here.
I've been working in Australia since last October.
I don't like to travel.
I've been uploading three videos per week for the past three years.
Is it Monday?
I feel safe now.
I see Tom a lot.
I need a manager.
Isn't it Monday?
I want more help.
I thought that it sounded odd.
I still trust Tom.
I watch TV a lot.
Tomorrow's Monday.
Tom always surrounds his wife with little attentions.
Tom surrounded his wife with little attentions.
Tom surrounded Mary with little attentions.
I've been told no.
I think Tom is back.
Australia is both a country and a continent.
I want to buy this.
I think Tom is cute.
I work in Australia.
I always get my way.
I'll come on Monday.
I believe I can win.
Is Tom in the choir?
I believe it's over.
We sat for some time in silence.
It was a glorious night, hot and still.
Mrs. Cavendish fanned herself gently with a palm leaf.
Did Tom remember you?
He had a candle in his hand.
It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Lawrence Cavendish.
I do that every day.
I believe Tom did it.
I believe that Tom did it.
I expect to be paid.
I expect Tom to help.
I find that amusing.
Do you miss home?
I get along with Tom.
I find this amusing.
Tom has come up with a plan to steal the money.
I know Tom's address.
I go to school here.
I know how Tom voted.
I go to this school.
I feel something happened.
I know what Tom does.
I have a broken arm.
I know where Tom was.
I have a flashlight.
I like Tom's cooking.
I have a skateboard.
I like Tom's friends.
I have a snowmobile.
I often see Tom here.
I have your address.
I think I scared Tom.
I know how to begin.
I think Tom can wait.
I know how to dance.
I think Tom got hurt.
I know where it was.
I think Tom heard me.
I know who wrote it.
I think Tom meant it.
She saw the film last night.
I didn't wear a new dress yesterday.
I know who's coming.
I think Tom was busy.
I know why I'm here.
I think Tom was done.
I know your address.
I think Tom was fair.
I like cold weather.
I think Tom was home.
I like eating alone.
I think Tom was late.
I like green onions.
I want Tom's old job.
I like it down here.
I want to forget Tom.
I like living alone.
I want to let Tom go.
I like my neighbors.
Is it Monday already?
I like riding buses.
Is it already Monday?
I'd like to buy two concessionary tickets.
She's writing a book now.
Was she playing tennis yesterday morning?
I like taking risks.
That's why I have to take the test again.
I like the new plan.
That's why you have to take the test again.
Does Tom have a scarf?
I like this cartoon.
I have a torch.
I know how Tom did it.
I like this drawing.
I know what Tom found.
Does Tom know what we do?
I like this episode.
I know what Tom wrote.
I like this program.
I like this show.
I like this application.
I know where Tom died.
I like this website.
I know why Tom did it.
You can speak French.
I like to be hugged.
I know why Tom is mad.
I like to socialize.
I live here in Boston.
I like to wear ties.
I need to go with Tom.
I need one of those.
I saw Tom last Monday.
I need those things.
They hunt with snares mostly, and they just grab everything, endangered, not endangered, and most of the animals die in these snares before they are even found so they are really death traps and it’s a total complete waste.
“Chinese researchers have suggested the virus might have come through the traditional Chinese medicine of using bat feces for eye ointment,” David Olsen, conservation director for WWF, said in regard to the coronavirus.
They call it the empty forest syndrome because there’s simply nothing left anymore. You can walk around for a long time and you don’t hear or see anything.
The protesters tore down the statue of a slave trader.
Don't hurt me!
We are in the midst of a mass extinction.
The loss of biodiversity is accelerating.
Passenger pigeons once numbered in the billions.
I think I'll kiss Tom.
I need to buy a car.
I think Tom has a car.
I need your opinion.
I think Tom has a dog.
Skura filched a few notes from Yanni's wallet.
I often eat at home.
I think Tom hates you.
I often wear a suit.
I think Tom heard you.
He seems to be a gentle person.
My younger brother has a lot of money.
The laughing baby girl is my daughter.
I plan to step down.
I think Tom hurt Mary.
I regret what I did.
I think Tom is a slob.
I see a resemblance.
I think Tom is coming.
I think I like that.
I think Tom is crying.
Is the hatred we see walking, driving, on social media, in the media a normal state or a pathology of the mind?
Get out of here, fast!
I think I'd do that.
I think Tom is strict.
I think I'm adopted.
I think Tom overdosed.
The dishes are dirty.
I think I'm unlucky.
I think Tom shot Mary.
I think it was fair.
I think Tom was alone.
I think that counts.
They used to have breakfast.
They were having breakfast.
I think Tom was angry.
I think that's mine.
I think Tom was awake.
I think we're alone.
Tokyo is a megacity.
I think Tom was bored.
Tom has stolen all his parents' money.
Language is a tool of self-expression.
This blue sweater is very nice.
I think you can win.
I think Tom was early.
I want to be chosen.
Tokyo, the largest city and capital of Japan, is located on the eastern coast of Honshu, the largest of the four main islands of the Japanese archipelago.
I think Tom was first.
I want to change it.
It was an unforgettable holiday.
I think Tom was happy.
I want to handle it.
I think Tom was lying.
Let Tom be.
I want to play golf.
I think Tom was tired.
I want to stop here.
Can I borrow your earphones?
I think Tom was upset.
I want to walk home.
What sort of tool would turn a thing into a person?
I think Tom was wrong.
What sort of tool could bring a thing to life?
Tom's just a story parents tell their kids.
I read his diaries.
I believe I can help.
You've opened the box.
I can't live without human society.
It's distasteful.
That's tacky.
Wait for me; I'll be back soon.
Where's Toma the dog?
I think Tom will sing.
I blame you for that.
Nobody stopped the genocide.
Review this example carefully, as all sections below will be referring to the example presented here.
Are there ostriches in Austria?
I think that it's Tom.
These methods get invoked first when a touch is initiated.
I buy a lot of candy.
I want to wake Tom up.
This time, you are lucky.
I consider this safe.
I work as hard as Tom.
I do that on Mondays.
Does Tom blame himself?
I eat meat every day.
Does Tom expect to win?
I expect you to help.
Not everything immoral is of low quality.
Not everything filthy is crap.
I know Tom's last name.
I feel like partying.
I know how Tom does it.
I have a beach house.
I know what Tom thinks.
The above diagram makes things a little more simple than they actually are.
We have to finish the painting by Saturday.
I have a lot to lose.
Do not agree.
I know what Tom wanted.
I have a rice cooker.
I know why Tom gave up.
I have classes today.
I couldn't agree more!
I need to convince Tom.
I have some chickens.
I think Tom is a loser.
I know all the rules.
I think Tom knows that.
I know what it's for.
I think Tom made it up.
Because of its large size and its heavy weight, the ostrich cannot fly.
At last someone agrees with me!
I know what you like.
I think Tom understood.
I know who was there.
Tom's hand is clean.
The rose belongs to Tom.
The rose belongs to Theodore.
The rose is Theodore's.
The rose is Tom's.
I want a job in Boston.
I like being outside.
I want to eat with Tom.
I like chopping wood.
Can I see you on Monday?
I like horror movies.
Does Tom like Thai food?
I like our new coach.
Does Tom like green tea?
I like the food here.
I know where Tom is now.
I like this one, too.
I know why Tom was late.
I often see you here.
Did Tom like your design?
I really like tennis.
Mary used a Jedi mind trick on Tom.
The hotel is in a very dangerous area of the city.
Does Tom eat a lot fruit?
I regret coming here.
I know why Tom is crying.
U.N. and World Health Organization (WHO) officials took part in a ceremony Thursday to restart the Swiss city of Geneva's famous Jet d'Eau fountain that was turned off in March.
The fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks.
The Jet d'Eau fountain shot liters of water per second to a height of meters as a string quartet played, and a crowd cheered.
I left everything and went to Moscow.
The Jet d'Eau fountain is one of Geneva's most famous landmarks and sits just offshore on Lake Geneva.
The Jet d'Eau fountain is one of the world's tallest fountains.
I dropped everything and moved to Moscow.
The Jet d'Eau fountain's name literally means "water jet" and was originally built to control and release excess pressure from a nearby hydraulic plant.
In Moscow, precipitation equivalent to a quarter of the monthly norm fell over the course of a day.
I see that happening.
He goes to work on foot.
You should never spread rumors about other people.
I think Tom will say yes.
Rumors were spreading all over town about them.
The rumor spread all over town.
I still write poetry.
He was white as chalk.
She was white as chalk.
Tom was white as chalk.
I think that Tom is back.
I think I can fix it.
She really likes you.
He really likes you.
He has nightmares every night.
What're you doing Monday?
I think I'll be late.
Classes begin next Monday.
He came back, and soon it rained.
I think I'll make it.
Come on Monday if you can.
I think I'm handsome.
I can't help agreeing!
Did Tom like any of those?
I think it's a trick.
Did Tom mean what he said?
I think it's strange.
Does Tom do his own taxes?
I think that I snore.
Does Tom enjoy doing that?
I think that I'm fat.
Does Tom enjoy old movies?
I think that'll work.
Does Tom ever get carsick?
I think that's funny.
Does Tom have Mondays off?
I think that's legal.
Does Tom have a telescope?
I think that's yours.
Does Tom have his coat on?
I think they're safe.
Does Tom have your number?
I think we need that.
He sang and she danced.
Tom sang and Mary played the piano.
Does Tom know a good cook?
I think we're losing.
Does Tom know how to knit?
I think you did this.
Does Tom know how to read?
I usually wear a hat.
Does Tom know their names?
I want a big wedding.
Does Tom like being alone?
I want another drink.
Does Tom live near a park?
I want to go bowling.
The car industry employs a lot of workers.
Should he one day return home, he would certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he should one day return home, he'd be certain to visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he was to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he were to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
He is one of the world's most respected scientists.
They've put their trust in you.
They put their trust in you.
He lives in an upmarket neighbourhood.
He lives in an exclusive neighbourhood.
He lives in a posh part of town.
He's barmy.
You're really a remarkable person.
They didn't want to go to bed.
They weren't going to go to bed.
She'll follow your advice.
He has analysed the results.
He analysed the results.
Bill and his younger brother don't look alike.
What he said yesterday contradicts what he said last week.
What he said yesterday conflicts with what he said last week.
His mother is sitting to the left of him.
His mother is sitting on his left.
Does Tom often drink milk?
What has he written on the board?
What did he write on the board?
Everyone says he looks just like his father.
They were whispering.
I want to play poker.
Do you see that big book?
Can you see that large book?
He hasn't even opened it.
Do you have employees who speak Japanese?
Do you have any staff who speak Japanese?
They're having a sleep after lunch.
They're having an afternoon kip.
They're having an afternoon nap.
What's for dinner today?
What's for tea today?
Linda will tell you.
You ought to go now.
They were at the station.
They were at the railway station.
You were at the station.
You were at the railway station.
Everyone was having fun.
Everyone was enjoying themselves.
Everyone enjoyed themselves.
Next time you'll have to go.
You'll have to go there next time.
She was worried about her children's future.
Lemons taste sour.
Linda will think about it.
Some people are colour-blind: they are unable to distinguish between certain colours.
Dan has put all his ties in the washing machine.
Dan put all his ties in the washing machine.
People dress up warm in winter.
What did you see after that?
The opening times are the same for all days except Saturdays and Sundays.
The opening times are the same every day except for Saturdays and Sundays.
Does Tom often take trips?
Orion is one of the constellations most easy to recognise.
Orion is one of the easiest constellations to recognise.
Orion is one of the most easily recognised constellations.
In reality it looks completely different.
She comes from Switzerland.
They feel drawn to each other.
Who is looking after your dogs?
Can't you go a bit lower on the price?
Can't you lower the price a bit?
She has never said anything about it.
She hasn't ever said anything about it.
She never said anything about it.
She will rest for a few days.
She's going to rest for a few days.
She's going to have a few days' rest.
You've already done enough for him.
John tried in vain to work out the problem.
His mistakes cost him dear.
His errors cost him dearly.
Something about him is odd.
Everything you've heard is correct.
I want to take a cab.
Sorry for yesterday.
Who knows their way round this house better than she does?
Who knows their way round this house better than her?
According to the statistics, the population of this city will have doubled in five years.
The novel was translated into seven languages.
Seeing that Paul had gone, Richard went into the room.
When he saw that Paul had left, Richard went into the room.
He shouldn't have come back here.
