To top it all, it began to rain.
To cap it all, it began to rain.
That's not dear.
That's not expensive.
When are you celebrating your parents' wedding anniversary?
When do you celebrate your parents' wedding anniversary?
There's a lot to do at the moment.
She sat down next to him and listened to him quietly.
They went to play in the park after school.
He was smoking all the time.
He was smoking the whole time.
He was smoking the entire time.
He smoked the entire time.
Ten years ago there was still a narrow bridge over this river.
There still used to be a narrow bridge over this river ten years ago.
He has found a wonderful place for Mary to stay.
He found a marvellous place for Mary to stay.
He stood ankle-deep in water.
He was standing ankle-deep in water.
It has just started to snow.
It has just begun to snow.
It has just started snowing.
The glass was full to the brim.
It's raining, after having been lovely for weeks on end.
It was careless of him to leave the door open.
The children went to school on the bus.
She doesn't like life in this city.
Her face suddenly went pale.
All of a sudden her face turned pale.
You came to work with Tom this morning.
All the school's classrooms have just been repainted.
This squash tastes sour.
Does Tom plan to go again?
This fruit juice tastes sour.
It's minus degrees at the moment.
The leaves are falling one by one to the ground.
The leaves are falling to the ground one after the other.
The leaves are sailing one by one to the ground.
One after the other, the leaves sail to the ground.
Is he studying at the moment?
It seems prices will rise again.
He's still not used to living in the city.
He's still not used to city life.
He's still not used to city living.
You should have seen the photo.
You should have seen the photograph.
He explained the facts of the matter thoroughly.
I want you to change.
He couldn't see all that far in the fog.
Have you been stung by an insect?
She's travelling by bike.
She travels by bike.
The film he was in didn't achieve the success that had been hoped for it.
The film in which he played a part didn't achieve the success hoped for it.
The film he was in didn't achieve the success expected.
The air is sultry.
The air is humid.
The Tiber flows through Rome.
Fabio's car is parked opposite Elena's house.
These boots are made of leather.
His opinion differs from hers.
She had guessed right.
She will probably become a teacher.
It doesn't mean that everyone likes this book.
It smacks of coming elections.
Does Tom play chess often?
The bell tower of Seville's cathedral is called La Giralda.
Mike and his sister speak French, but not Japanese.
This map is drawn to a scale of 1:300,000.
This tyre is fairly worn.
This tyre is quite worn.
This tyre is pretty worn.
The crow cawed loudly.
The crow was cawing loudly.
This street is gritted when it's icy.
This road is gritted when it's icy.
They grit this road when it's icy.
He can manage it.
Alexander goes to the supermarket regularly.
That day was very stormy.
It was very stormy that day.
That day was very turbulent.
When was this castle built?
The engine's flooded.
It's half an hour's walk from here to the station.
From here to the railway station takes half an hour on foot.
From here to the railway station is half an hour's walk.
Can you see anything at all in the dark?
Which do you prefer: apples, oranges or grapes?
He couldn't hear you.
He wasn't able to hear you.
The elephant lifted up a heavy tree trunk.
You're a born poet.
Prices in the last ten years have risen by fifty per cent.
I had hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.
I had hardly put the phone down when it rang again.
It's about ten minutes from here to the station.
From here to the railway station takes about ten minutes.
What would you like to do as long as you're here?
The spaceship makes voyages from planet to planet.
The goats bleated in the barn.
You don't seem upset.
The goats were bleating in the barn.
Nature in this region is still unspoilt.
He was silent throughout the whole debate.
He said nothing throughout the whole debate.
He kept quiet throughout the whole discussion.
If you want to help him, speak to him a lot.
What have you got there in your hand?
He has long arms and legs.
He's got long arms and legs.
He can't tell green and blue apart.
He can't tell the difference between green and blue.
He can't distinguish between green and blue.
Take your brolly – they forecast rain.
Take your umbrella – rain is forecast.
Would you like to leave him a message?
The winter timetable has changed.
How do you work this machine?
How is this machine operated?
He has recently put on weight.
He's put on weight lately.
He's put on weight recently.
You could have had better exam results.
You could've had better exam results.
You could have got better exam results.
You could've got better exam results.
You could have done better in your exams.
You could've done better in your exams.
He'll be very upset when he finds out.
When he finds out about it he'll be very upset.
This museum has a marvellous collection of modern art.
That museum has a wonderful collection of modern art.
It's just striking twelve.
It's twelve exactly.
"Six pence a second," Bob reminded him.
You're wearing a handsome tie.
You're wearing a smart tie.
That's a tough nut to crack!
They can speak a smattering of Spanish.
They're able to speak a smattering of Spanish.
Does Tom really need this?
I care what you think.
Does Tom sing in the bath?
"Tom snores so loudly at night that I can't sleep in the same room as him." "Get some earplugs! They work wonders for me and John, and goodness knows he flattens whole forests at night. Even the neighbour hears him."
I do a lot of reading.
"Would you pop into the kitchen and see whether the coffee has filtered through yet?" "I've only just switched the percolator on. You'd forgotten to press the button."
A powerful radio source named Sagittarius A* has been discovered at the centre of the Galaxy. According to current research, it is a supermassive black hole with a solar mass of about four million.
Does Tom still have a dog?
"Can I have some of that chocolate pudding in the fridge?" "Absolutely not. It's for the guests tomorrow." "Ugh, guests are stupid! They always get the best stuff!"
"Can I have some of that chocolate pudding in the fridge?" "You can get that idea out of your head. It's for the guests tomorrow." "Ugh, guests are stupid! They always get the best stuff!"
I do things like that.
Does Tom still play chess?
I don't have any cows.
Does Tom take trips often?
I don't like potatoes.
Does Tom think he can win?
I don't like that dog.
It's okay now.
Does Tom think it'll rain?
I don't like weddings.
Does Tom think it'll snow?
After all, isn’t the tongue the organ that people speak with?
Why should Latin be spoken, if Romans have been dead for a very long time?
Does Tom want a hamburger?
I enjoy swimming laps.
Does Tom want another one?
I enjoy watching golf.
Does Tom want to buy that?
I expect you to reply.
Does Tom enjoy old films?
I know a lot of Canadians.
Please take a look at this drawing.
I don't know what I'm supposed to say.
Maxwell studies ancient manuscripts.
I feel good right now.
There is a church near the house.
I sold my car last Monday.
I feel like a pioneer.
I'm always home on Monday.
I have a library card.
Let's do that next Monday.
I have to leave today.
Should I come next Monday?
One doesn't cover the mouth of a threshing horse.
I hear someone crying.
Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain.
He's young and immature.
Today is Monday, isn't it?
I intend to start now.
Tom wasn't here on Monday.
I know a lot of jokes.
He got lost in the fog of memories.
Did Tom know what that was?
I know how it happens.
Sami's account seems fake.
What's inside of it?
This server is available only through our VPN.
Please pour me a glass of water.
The heart is beating.
His heart is beating.
Her heart is beating.
Did Tom think that was fun?
I know how it started.
What a beautiful sentence!
Does Tom agree or disagree?
I highly recommend doing that right away.
I know how they do it.
Does Tom believe in ghosts?
I know how to stop it.
Does Tom eat a lot of fish?
What are you doing today, daughter in law?
I know how you did it.
I don’t see tears on your face, do I?
What are you saying then?
Does Tom ever go to Boston?
I know the exact date.
Does Tom feel better today?
I know what I owe you.
Does Tom go downtown often?
Tom wasn't ill.
I know what they want.
Does Tom have a brown coat?
I know what to do now.
Does Tom have a motorcycle?
Tatoeba is an amazing tool for the study of languages.
I know what you think.
Does Tom have one of these?
I know what'll happen.
Does Tom have to help Mary?
We need to learn to respect each other more.
I know who stabbed me.
Does Tom intend to do that?
I know who the man is.
Does Tom know how to do it?
Is she brown, blonde or red-haired? – I don't know.
I know who wrote that.
They took the wrong plane.
Does Tom know those people?
I know who'll do that.
Have there been several successive souls in me, or am I one unconscious being?
"Tell me, Tom. What are you sad about?" "El mundo entero."
Does Tom know where I live?
I know who's involved.
Does Tom know where we are?
I know why they do it.
Why is it that I never stop remembering that I forgot you?
I know your real name.
This time, you're lucky.
Does Tom know who they are?
I like being a waiter.
Does Tom know why you left?
I like powdered sugar.
Does Tom like Italian food?
I like romance novels.
Does Tom like Mexican food?
I like taking chances.
Does Tom like it in Boston?
I need an explanation.
Does Tom like strawberries?
I need to leave today.
She found that this way she could avoid thinking about her father.
Does Tom like to play golf?
I often ask questions.
Does Tom like to wear hats?
I often drink tequila.
Does Tom like working here?
I often eat mushrooms.
I like learning about new countries.
I often get depressed.
Does Tom need a flashlight?
I often take holidays.
Does Tom need to leave now?
I plan on being there.
Here's my dog.
Does Tom often go shopping?
I plan to change that.
Does Tom plan to go abroad?
I plan to leave today.
Does Tom plan to stay long?
I put sugar in my tea.
Does Tom play the mandolin?
I really like oysters.
Everything was in its place.
Does Tom really have to go?
There is some milk left.
I really want to sing.
Have you finished painting that room?
Does Tom really live alone?
What field of study have you chosen?
I really want to stop.
Does Tom really need a car?
At five o'clock in the afternoon in Paris, what time is it in Moscow?
I recognize the sound.
Does Tom really need these?
I remember what I ate.
She wakes up at seven o'clock.
Does Tom really think that?
I remember what I did.
Does Tom still hate French?
I have to leave at four o'clock in the afternoon.
I think I belong here.
Tom doesn’t like working here, does he?
Does Tom still need a loan?
I think I can do this.
Does Tom still play hockey?
The path forks at this point.
I think I should sing.
Does Tom still write music?
I think I'll be alone.
He's not the most educated man.
Does Tom talk to his plants?
I think I'll be early.
Does Tom think that's fair?
I think I'll enjoy it.
Does Tom think we're blind?
I think I'll go today.
Does Tom want another beer?
Young people have no sense of danger at all.
I think I've mellowed.
Does Tom want to come, too?
I think it can happen.
Does Tom want to stay here?
I think it'll be easy.
Does Tom watch a lot of TV?
I think that I'll win.
You must love him very much.
It's not a weakness.
I arrived home last Monday.
Tom is a sinner.
Mary is a sinner.
Mary wore diamond earrings.
Mary wore large earrings.
Mary wore large gold earrings.
This isn't going to just go away.
This problem isn't going to just go away.
His smile warmed her heart.
Tom's smile warmed Mary's heart.
I let Tom do what he wants.
I'm surprised it took you this long.
I'm surprised it took him this long.
I'm surprised it took Tom this long.
I'm surprised it took her this long.
These belonged to our mother.
These belonged to my mother.
This belonged to our mother.
This belonged to my mother.
I think that happened.
Tom is stuck in legal limbo.
The refugees are stuck in legal limbo.
Mary pulled her hair back in a bun.
I know how much you loved him.
I know how much you loved Tom.
I know how much you loved her.
I know how much you loved Mary.
I spent some time with Tom.
A new study based on fossilized footprints suggests a prehistoric relative of modern crocodiles walked on two hind legs.
The fossilized footprints had originally been thought to belong to a pterosaur — a flying dinosaur — that had been walking on two legs.
I think that it helps.
Further analysis of the prints suggests that they actually belonged to a bipedal crocodile.
This is the first evidence from this time period of a bipedal crocodylomorph, a branching, diverse group of animals that includes crocodilians and their extinct relatives.
The researchers named the new species Batrachopus grandis.
The footprints were to centimeters long, suggesting that the creatures’ bodies were almost meters long.
It's been a while since I've danced.
He is fond of you.
He is fond of her.
Tom is fond of you.
Tom is fond of Mary.
You're not my son.
I haven't been doing much.
I work as hard as Tom does.
I think that it's odd.
Let's get ready for Monday.
He must love you very much.
I don't miss my old life.
Tom doesn't miss his old life.
I think they did this.
Mary wore large gold hoop earrings.
Mary wore large hoop earrings.
See you on Monday at three.
I think they liked me.
"I love hearing English spoken with a French accent," Tom said. "Why? Not just because it's delightful, but because it helps me identify who the speaker is."
The party was Monday night.
I think we'll do that.
Tom is very busy on Mondays.
I think you're boring.
Will you be free on Monday?
I usually lock my car.
Did Tom like your new shirt?
I usually wear a suit.
Did Tom think that was true?
I want that right now.
Does Tom actually know Mary?
I want to gain weight.
Does Tom care who helps him?
I want you to go away.
There's some milk left.
Does Tom have what he needs?
You don't seem scared.
Does Tom know how Mary died?
He likes to dress as a woman.
I believe I'll do that.
Does Tom know what you said?
I believe in astrology.
There's ice on the road.
Does Tom talk to Mary a lot?
The street is icy.
Do you live in a town or out in the country?
Do you live in a town or in the country?
Could you turn the light on, please?
Could you switch the light on, please?
Could you please turn on the light?
Could you please switch the light on?
She spent more than four months abroad.
How do you use this card?
How is this card used?
A large bottle of mineral water, please.
I believe this is true.
The doctor is doing his rounds.
The village is cut off from the outside world.
It gives rise to some new possibilities.
This suggests some new possibilities.
She's very ambitious and very sensitive.
He is easily distracted.
He's easily distracted.
It was his seventh day on the island.
How long has it been since he last saw her?
There was a certain stubbornness in his voice.
There was a certain obstinacy in his voice.
The Scandinavian summer is short, unfortunately.
He's a waiter, but also an actor.
He's juggling three full bottles of mineral water, which is difficult, as might be imagined.
He's juggling three full bottles of mineral water which, as you might imagine, is difficult.
You on the other hand are a sleepyhead.
All the words are taken from ordinary present-day language.
After he turned his attention to portraits.
This all demands concentration and energy.
There aren't any pictures, but you can't have everything.
There are no pictures, but you can't have everything.
This is the best of all.
This is the best of the lot.
He never got beyond the basics.
He has never got beyond the basics.
"A chance of frost in low-lying areas," they said in the weather forecast.
"A chance of frost in low-lying areas," the weather forecast said.
"Can't the exam be retaken?" "It can, but only after a year."
"Can't you resit the exam?" "You can, but only after a year."
She is an extremely shy woman.
It's impossible to feel happy under such circumstances.
It's impossible to feel happy in conditions like that.
Your tireless efforts deserve thanks.
Sonja did the work voluntarily.
Sonja did the job voluntarily.
Only now did he realise that he had come deep into the forest.
Only now did he realise he had come deep into the wood.
Half an hour passed, during which she looked around at everything without noticing the ship had already sailed.
Noticing the fox had gone, the hare crept out from its burrow underground.
When the hare realised the fox had gone, it emerged from its underground dwelling.
When the hare noticed that the fox had gone, it crept out from its underground home.
In spite of the loud cries of joy, the king saw that the faces of his subjects were stiff and tense.
He accompanies his songs with sorrowful chords played on a poor-quality zither.
He accompanies his songs with sad chords played on a dodgy zither.
Victory in the competition was no consolation to her.
Two hours later she was no longer half-drunk – more like three-quarters.
You said that wonderfully.
You put that wonderfully.
You said that perfectly.
If you talk over the heads of the listeners, they'll nod off.
He left the meeting to catch the train.
He washed the plates up to surprise her.
He painted the walls to brighten up the room.
He was painting the walls to brighten up the room.
He ate only a little, so there would be something left over for breakfast.
He didn't eat much, wanting to leave some over for breakfast.
It drizzled, but it didn't rain.
It was drizzling, but it didn't rain.
An office chair should be fitted with a backrest.
Office chairs should have backrests.
Does Tom want you to try it?
They cost a lot, but they're not up to much.
They cost a lot, but they're not much good.
No one knows that better than he does.
No one knows that better than him.
The marketplace is the city's central public square.
The marketplace is the town's central public space.
Here and there, the regularity of the street grid is unexpectedly interrupted by narrow, winding lanes.
The former baroque residence of the abbot now houses the town history museum.
The abbots filled their coffers with the proceeds from selling beer.
The abbots were filling their coffers with the proceeds from selling beer.
The probability that it will ever happen is vanishingly small.
The Sun's corona is the outermost part of the Sun's atmosphere.
It's neither raining nor snowing today, but there is some light hail.
It's neither pouring down out there, nor merely raining – it's just drizzling.
The men returned before nightfall.
The men came back before nightfall.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block out the sun's rays.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking out the sun's rays.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking the path of the sun.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun's rays.
There are twelve candles on the birthday cake.
Here are two glasses: the first is full, the other is empty.
There are several old pieces of furniture in this room.
That room has several old pieces of furniture.
What would happen if the Earth stopped spinning on its axis?
Bees are busily collecting nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bees are busy collecting the nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bees busily collect nectar from flowers and turn it into honey.
Do you recognise your brother's handwriting here?
Hasn't she ever said anything about that issue?
Hasn't she ever before said anything about this matter?
Did you part on good terms?
The textbook is supposed to show the meaning of each individual word using a picture.
The textbook will show the meaning of every word using a picture.
The textbook's pictures will show the meanings of individual words.
Following the text is an exercise which teachers can use to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise. Teachers can use it to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise which teachers should use to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise. Teachers should use it to prompt pupils to speak.
The teacher read out every sentence separately.
He paused briefly before continuing his story.
He paused briefly before continuing his narrative.
He paused briefly before continuing his account.
The summer sun is high in the sky.
That would cost too much.
You know the rest.
Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales made him the most famous Dane in the world.
I care what people say.
What annoys you about your partner's behaviour?
What about your partner's behaviour annoys you?
When you learn a language, you don't just learn words.
Do you see those mountains?
Can you see those mountains?
Those projects did get off the ground, but without any apparent results.
I sold my house last Monday.
A dog ran after the cat.
A dog was running after the cat.
Apart from a few mistakes, it's a good book.
Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.
Apart from a few shortcomings, it's a good book.
They had run out of patience.
Their patience was at an end.
Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious face.
Whenever he comes round to speaking about his hobby, he always assumes a serious air.
It's largely right.
It's largely correct.
He found his office without any difficulty.
She acted completely spontaneously.
How old might her grandfather be?
How old might their grandfather be?
The author, born in Vienna in 1960, made his literary breakthrough at the age of with a novel about the French Revolution.
He hoped that he had passed.
He hoped he had passed.
He was hoping he'd passed.
He hoped he had been successful.
He was hoping he'd been successful.
He hoped he had succeeded.
He was hoping he had succeeded.
That shirt ought to be ironed.
John smashed the windowpane yesterday.
John broke the windowpane yesterday.
Have you got something warm?
Have you got anything warm?
Do you have something warm?
Do you have anything warm?
The shop has been closed since five o'clock.
The shop's been shut since five o'clock.
His new novel is out next month.
When does the book go to press?
He's spent the holidays doing up his house.
He's spent the holidays doing DIY.
He spent the holidays doing up his house.
He spent the holidays doing DIY.
That's by far his most interesting novel.
That's his most interesting novel by a long chalk.
Which day suits you this week?
It looks as if it's going to be nice again today.
They've apparently got on the wrong train.
They apparently got on the wrong train.
Do you know that man there who's looking at you?
He crossed the Atlantic on a small sailing boat.
It's all quiet in this house.
He was crossing the Atlantic on a small sailing boat.
That was an awe-inspiring landscape.
That landscape was sublime.
I don't earn very much.
He reads before sleeping.
He reads before he goes to sleep.
He reads before going to sleep.
He would never believe that.
He would never think that.
After manual labour, you may all go home.
What have you had to drink: beer, spirits, wine or champagne?
When he caught sight of him, he went pale.
When he caught sight of him, he turned pale.
The heliocentric view of the world, in which the Sun is at the centre of the universe, is also described as the Copernican system. It represents a step forward from the geocentric view of Ptolemy.
As Tom lay dreaming on the meadow one clear night, seeing a shooting star streak high above him across the sky he wished dearly that Mary would return his love.
When I left all those people...
The young woman is keeping check on the production process from start to finish.
She gradually recovered.
Autumn days are coming to an end, and winter will soon set in.
You've got a good ear for music.
I work as many hours as Tom.
The fault was repaired.
Did you phone me yesterday morning?
I don't get much sleep.
The picture is wonky.
What're you doing on Monday?
I don't have a website.
Does Tom know why we're here?
That's too wide.
I don't have to buy it.
Does Tom still have your key?
I don't have to change.
Does Tom trust your judgment?
I don't hear very well.
I saw that movie last Monday.
I don't like computers.
Read chapter three by Monday.
I find that very funny.
Does Tom have a phone?
The vegetables at that store didn't look very fresh.
How many people do you expect to be at your party?
Does Tom want any help?
People from many different countries were there.
I believe Tom did that.
Do you still have that umbrella I gave you?
I know how tall Tom is.
My aunt bought the same camera as you have.
My uncle bought the same camera as you have.
Here's a list of things that I want to do.
I know what Tom bought.
Take your time. There's no need to hurry.
I let Tom play outside.
I have to be home by 2:this afternoon.
I like to speak French.
This modern-looking building in Baku was built by Zaha Hadid.
The zoo will likely be crowded tomorrow.
This modern-looking building at Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan, was built by Zaha Hadid.
I bought this souvenir at a museum shop at the arts center on Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan.
I plan to visit Boston.
What time is your doctor's appointment?
I plan to wait for Tom.
Some of us will be here tomorrow, too.
Perhaps one day the law will even permit us to vote.
We are not afraid of chains.
I think Tom heard Mary.
Julia: “We do not fear chains.” Fundania: “So very true, we tie ourselves with chains to their doorposts, so that we cannot be removed.”
Do you need to work this weekend, too?
Quiet, comrades!
I think Tom lives here.
My room is smaller than my brother's.
I need to give a few responses.
I want Tom to buy that.
I believe the women should be listened to.
My favorite dessert is ice cream.
I say that the city now has too much extravagence.
I also have something I must say.
Does Tom like apple pie?
I think that I'd like to do that.
Tom wore John's pajamas.
Could you go to the store for me?
Does Tom like his classes?
Let's have a housewarming party.
Tom had John's pajamas on.
I don't often eat between meals.
Did Tom have any sunscreen?
When was this photograph taken?
Does Tom usually walk home?
Wait for me. I'll be back soon.
I couldn't let Tom do that.
Mary Cavendish laid her hand upon my arm.
Tom lowered his voice to a whisper.
I believe she has been poisoned!
This coffee doesn't taste good.
I obeyed her reluctantly.
His absence was strange and inexplicable.
Tom's absence was strange and inexplicable.
There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead.
We don't want any unnecessary scandal.
He said he was going to the barber’s.
“But he hasn’t returned since?” “Lord no. What did you want?”
The war lasted three years.
I would like to introduce my friend to you.
He sold some assess at the market to a merchant from Pella.
I've never gone skinny dipping.
What does your Saurea look like?
A painter could not better describe his likeness.
His testimony was crucial.
Does Tom actually like this?
“What does your Saurea look like?” “Thin cheeks, rather ruddy, pot-bellied, savage eyes, average height and a scowl.”
Your garden is very beautiful.
My girlfriend's name is Lenka.
We will join you soon.
Does Tom actually live here?
I think it might be a defect.
Anyone who meets him when he’s angry gets thrashed.
What've you been up to lately?
Does Tom care when we leave?
I have everything that I need.
Berber belongs to the same Afroasiatic language family that Semitic languages belong to.
Berber diverges from Semitic languages while still belonging to the same Afroasiatic family that Semitic languages belong to.
Kabyle is a Berber language.
Does Tom find that annoying?
I love Niger-Congo languages.
Shawiya is a Berber language.
Tawellemmet is a Berber language.
Tamahaq is a Berber language.
It's a Finno-Ugric language.
Thanks for standing up for me.
Why didn't you stand up for me?
I have some other ideas, too.
I love Indo-Iranian languages.
I love Iranian languages.
I love Indo-Aryan languages.
I love the Tocharian languages.
I love Anatolian languages.
I love language isolates.
Does Tom have a credit card?
Hindustani is an Indo-Aryan language.
Hindi and Urdu are standardized varieties of the Hindustani language.
I love Western Iranian languages.
I love Eastern Iranian languages.
Avestan and Old Persian were Old Iranian languages.
I don't want to buy this one.
The blue rose is really beautiful.
They're washing my apples.
Does Tom have a lot of time?
Is your house far from here?
Does Tom have any plans yet?
Driving on ice is dangerous.
Does Tom have plans tonight?
I thought Mary was Tom.
Do you think that we'll win?
Does Tom know how to juggle?
That is obviously sugar. How much did you pay for that?
That's obviously sugar. How much did you pay for that?
Did you know anybody there?
I read about half of this detective novel.
Does Tom know the area well?
I think that we're losing.
Does Tom know what to bring?
I think that we need that.
You are a gentle boy.
Does Tom know what you need?
I stayed home all weekend.
Does Tom know where we live?
Tom speaks Russian.
Tom is speaking Russian.
This is a dangerous mixture.
He discovered something in this house.
Did you regret doing that?
Does Tom know who said that?
Does Tom like sci-fi movies?
I think that that's mine.
Does Tom need my assistance?
I think that I'm unlucky.
What makes a person commit atrocities?
Does Tom still need my help?
I know what you expected.
Does Tom think I need to go?
I have that problem, too.
Does he speak French?
Does Tom think I'm to blame?
I plan on retiring soon.
We are growing up.
Does Tom think Mary is cute?
Tom was in no hurry to agree.
I know a lot about that.
I'm saying nothing but the plain truth.
My sister is playing with the ball.
This is the life!
He's pretending to be sick.
He's pretending to be ill.
Does Tom think it will work?
I'm saying nothing but the pure truth.
Tom is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
I have to call somebody.
Everyone knew that Tom's French had been good.
Thank you for your concern
Does Tom think we're stupid?
I have a lot of options.
Does Tom want anything else?
I have a lot of luggage.
Does Tom want me to go away?
Do we need to leave now?
Does Tom want some pancakes?
Who made these cookies?
Does Tom want to come along?
I've never fired a gun.
Does Tom want to leave here?
I worry about the risk.
Does Tom want to look at it?
I wear a tie every day.
Did you call Tom or text him?
I want to stop working.
Does Tom know what Mary said?
I want to stay at home.
Does Tom still need our help?
I want to sell my land.
Does Tom think Mary is funny?
I want to go to church.
Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
Does Tom think Mary is happy?
I want to go by myself.
Does Tom want me to ask Mary?
I want to get involved.
I'll have what Tom is having.
It wasn't too hot.
I want to get divorced.
Does Tom know where Mary went?
I want to get a suntan.
Tom was wearing John's pajamas?
I want to do that here.
I only have three classes today.
I want to buy this one.
I want to be a janitor.
Tom and his wife moved to Boston.
I want a full-time job.
The buses run every thirty minutes.
I usually wear pajamas.
We stayed at a nice hotel in Boston.
The time capsule will be opened in fifty years.
A mining company has suspended plans to expand a mine in Western Australia because of fears it could destroy dozens of indigenous sacred sites.
Land lies at the heart of indigenous culture, and it has immense spiritual, physical and social importance.
The earth is seen as the Mother of creation, and a living, breathing mass that is full of secrets and wisdom.
Aboriginal Australians make up about per cent of the population.
Professional soccer has resumed in Italy.
Juventus played against AC Milan in Turin in the second leg of the Italian cup semi-final.
I usually wear jewelry.
This British art dealer is considered to be among the world's leading traffickers of looted antiquities.
The British art dealer is under investigation by Greek and Italian authorities for allegedly playing a pivotal role in trafficking stolen artifacts to private collectors and museums in the West.
The bronze horse lacks the kind of paper trail that typically accompanies ancient artifacts legally exported out of Greece.
Under Greek law, all antiquities found in the country are state property.
What's the difference between a horse and a pony?
Are you sure it was Tom and not John?
I usually use a pillow.
Does Tom have more than one computer?
I think you'll make it.
I plan to stay for two or three days.
I think you'll do that.
Tom and Mary shop at the same supermarket.
Go and learn.
I think you'd enjoy it.
Did you come to work with Tom this morning?
I think we should stay.
Tom and his brother don't live in the same city.
I think that's strange.
Tomorrow is Monday, isn't it?
I have to call someone.
Does Tom expect me to do that?
I hear somebody crying.
I hope to see you next Monday.
I know a lot about art.
I'll come on Monday afternoon.
I know how it happened.
Does Tom know where Mary lives?
I know what to do here.
Does Tom think that he can win?
I know what to do next.
Do you have to work next Monday?
I know what's in there.
I met Tom last Monday for lunch.
I know where I'd begin.
We play basketball every Monday.
I know where I'll live.
We play volleyball every Monday.
You visited Malta.
I know where to put it.
Does Tom get paid for doing that?
I know who that boy is.
Does Tom still believe in ghosts?
I know who that man is.
I didn't go anywhere last Monday.
I know who's behind it.
I work as many hours as Tom does.
I know why it happened.
I'd like to take next Monday off.
Iron is a metal.
I like drinking coffee.
Does Tom really think I want this?
I like oatmeal cookies.
Does Tom still hang out with Mary?
I like that idea a lot.
We'll be going to Boton on Monday.
I like what I'm seeing.
I'll have to work late next Monday.
If you had to hazard a conjecture as to where Tom might go if he wanted to hide, where would you say?
I need the user manual.
Could someone enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Does Tom ever speak French with you?
I need your permission.
My birthday is on a Monday next year.
I remember buying this.
I sold three of my horses last Monday.
I remember what I said.
Does Tom want to stay home again today?
I think I can eat this.
Next Monday, I'll go to the zoo with Tom.
I don't like spaghetti.
Tom knows that they are looking for him.
Tom knows that they are searching for him.
Tom wants to stop.
Open your textbook.
Tom wants us to go.
I live near a river.
Tom wants you here.
Please sit beside me.
Tom wants to testify.
Are these shoes yours?
Tom wants us to come.
May the God and Goddesses always love you well.
Are these gloves yours?
Tom wants you to come.
I believe we can do it.
Tom wants to stand out.
Unfortunately, that's not possible.
I believe we need that.
Tom wants to tell Mary.
I come here very often.
Tom wants to work here.
Unfortunately, that's not the case.
I feel good about this.
Tom actually hates Mary.
I feel that's the case.
Tom wants us to do that.
I have a job right now.
Tom wants to stay at home.
Tom wants to travel alone.
I have flood insurance.
Tom wants to work with me.
I know how you do that.
Tom works as hard as Mary.
I know which way to go.
Tom wants to sit near Mary.
I know who I can trust.
In his heart he grows the plant of longing.
This situation doesn't make me happy.
Tom wants to wait for Mary.
I will call you in advance.
There is a thing that I don't understand.
Recent events have led me to question whether supervillains are really so unrealistic.
Do you refuse to go with us?
I know who can do that.
Tom wants to tell the truth.
I know why I was fired.
Longing is green.
Tom wants us to do that now.
Tom knows all the songs by heart.
Mary knows all the songs by heart.
I like being a janitor.
Tom watches a lot of television.
Is it still possible to get there?
I like crowded beaches.
Our climate is being changed.
Tom wants to talk about that.
Tom and Mary have many grandchildren.
Nobody ever comes here, unless they have good cause.
Nobody wanted to see it.
Nobody wanted to watch it.
Mary had no idea how to make a cup of tea. Where was the girl brought up?
I like doing that here.
I don't mind that she is a foreigner.
I don't mind her being a foreigner.
Tom wants to talk about this.
Would you marry a girl from Ukraine?
Everyone knows that Tom's Gaulish is good.
I like going to school.
It is time to go out.
Everyone knows Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Tom wants to talk to you now.
I like mashed potatoes.
Tom actually wants to do that.
I like to wear jewelry.
Tom wants to sit next to Mary.
I like traveling alone.
Tom wants us to do that again.
I like women like that.
It is sweet to dream, to love, to sing – to live!
Tom wants us to do that today.
I need your help today.
Tom works as hard as Mary does.
Fortunately she was able to understand me and my problems.
I normally wear skirts.
Tom wants you to know the truth.
The number of translated sentences is enormous.
I often take vacations.
The human voice is an invaluable treasure.
Tom works as hard as he used to.
I often wear corduroys.
How much does this flag cost?
Life is a song. Singing is more than living.
Tom works as many hours as I do.
I plan to do that here.
Tom actually lives in Boston now.
I want to die singing the gift of life.
I really care about it.
Tom got down on one knee and proposed to his girlfriend.
I'm scared too.
Tom dried off with a towel.
Tom wants us to go to the police.
Tom dried off with a large towel.
Tom used his multi-meter to measure the voltage.
Tom used his multimeter to measure the voltage.
Tom used his multi-meter to measure the current.
Tom used his multimeter to measure the current.
Tom soldered the wires with his soldering iron.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have treated you that way.
I shouldn't have treated you that way.
I really expect to win.
Tom prayed at the shrine.
Tom hiked through the forest.
Tom and Mary hiked through the forest.
Tom wants to tell Mary everything.
I really want to dance.
Tom wants to try doing that again.
"Are you a man or a woman?" "No."
I see the problem here.
Tom wants to try to do that again.
I think I should dance.
Tom wants you to do that right now.
I think I was followed.
Tom wants to talk to Mary right now.
I think I'll be lonely.
Tom wants to tell Mary what happened.
I think I'm unbeatable.
Tom wants us to do that by ourselves.
I think I'm very funny.
Tom wants to tell Mary about what happened.
I think I'm very pretty.
Tom didn't want to take part in the ceremony.
I think it'll work out.
Tom wants you to know he really wants to do that.
I didn't like that meal.
I think it's a problem.
He didn't want to know anything about that.
Tom wants you to know that he really wants to do that.
I think it's important.
Tom wants you to know he really didn't want to do that.
I love Baltic languages.
I love Austroasiatic languages.
Gold is a metal.
I love Kra-Dai languages.
I love Dravidian languages.
Tom wants you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
I think I'm ready now.
Tom seems to still be busy.
I think that's allowed.
I know how much Tom hates you.
I think that's helping.
I know how much Tom trusts you.
How did you handle that?
As usual, Tom is late for school.
Why I should fear death?
I never understood why Tom did that.
I think that I'm ready now.
They have blue eyes.
There's no need to be afraid of Tom.
I hope you enjoyed our show.
I was there when it happened.
Apparently Tom's death was a suicide.
I'll be declaring bankruptcy.
Even Tom couldn't resist Mary's charms.
I want you to help me with this.
I waited for Tom to say something else.
I think I'm ready now to do that.
Am I a demon?
I can easily do that without Tom's help.
I didn't think I was in any danger.
I pretended I didn't hear Tom's question.
I think I'm getting arthritis.
I couldn't bring myself to touch it.
I have absolutely no idea why Tom did that.
I'm back to normal and I feel great.
I pretended that I didn't hear Tom's question.
Nothing can bring her back to life.
Nothing can bring him back to life.
Nothing can bring Tom back to life.
You'll feel better after a nice hot cup of tea.
You'll feel better after a hot cup of tea.
You'll feel better after a cup of tea.
Annie racked her brains in vain.
He was a man of very little imagination.
Tom is a man of little imagination.
He was a man of very little imagination, in sharp contrast with his brother, who had, perhaps, too much.
I never thought that day would come.
A cloud passed over Tom's face.
I certainly look calmer than I really am.
Words express what cannot be said in music.
She had no regrets.
We'll join you soon.
He had no regrets.
Tom had no regrets.
Mary had no regrets.
They had no regrets.
It's time to go out.
Have you finished painting your house?
How soon do you think you'll finish doing that?
When do you expect to be finished?
The man who gave his wife his paycheck was wiser than the one who gave it to his lover.
How soon do you think you'll be able to do that?
Tom wants to move.
There's a possibility that the meeting will be canceled.
I work as much as Tom.
I work as much as Tom does.
There's a possibility the meeting will be canceled.
Tom wants to move out.
I've been looking for one of these for a long time.
I want to sit near Tom.
I immediately knew that I shouldn't have done that.
I want to help Tom today.
My wife does the cooking and I wash the dishes.
Tom wants to settle down.
I want to hang out with you and your friends.
I want to sit next to Tom.
I pretended that I didn't hear the question.
Tom wants to open the box.
I have absolutely no idea where I should go.
Tom wants to see Mary now.
I'm glad that you asked me that question.
Tom wants to sing with us.
I want to talk to you before you go home.
I want to talk to Tom soon.
I didn't think that I was in any danger.
Tom dropped his wine glass.
I want you to have lunch with me today.
Tom wants to play baseball.
I pretended I didn't hear the question.
Tom wants to press charges.
I immediately knew what had gone wrong.
Tom wants to sell his land.
I can easily do that without your help.
I immediately knew what I'd done wrong.
I know what I've done wrong.
Tom wants to play the piano.
There's nothing that I can do for you.
Tom wants to read that book.
The meeting will probably be canceled.
Does Tom usually walk to work?
Would someone be allowed to enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Tom wants to see that movie.
I want you to help me with this paper.
This used to be Tom's office.
I think that I'm ready now to do that.
Tom wants to see the results.
Show me the book that you're reading.
Everyone but Tom had a hat on.
I've done that and it's a lot of fun.
Everyone but Tom has a hat on.
The meeting will likely be canceled.
I see you, but you don't see me.
I want to tell Tom everything.
I'm glad you asked me that question.
Everybody but Tom had a hat on.
I want to take part in the ceremony.
Everybody but Tom has a hat on.
There's nothing I can do for you.
I spent the day at Tom's house.
A meter is a hundred centimeters.
I want to know what Tom thinks.
I want to live with your family.
Tom wants to repaint his house.
That's a very unpleasant smell.
Tom wants to see you right now.
I work as many hours as you do.
You need to be honest with Tom.
I want to try doing that again.
Here's something Tom should see.
I want to know more about that.
I now understand what Tom meant.
I wear shoes inside the house.
I want to play tennis on Monday.
I want to play outside today.
I want to talk to Tom right now.
I want to discover the truth.
This used to be Tom's apartment.
I want to talk about school.
Tom wants to play outside today.
I want to see you right now.
Everyone had a hat on except Tom.
I try not to waste anything.
Everyone has a hat on except Tom.
I want to talk to somebody.
Here's something Tom should read.
I like watching war movies.
I want to tell Tom what happened.
I want to talk to someone.
Everybody had a hat on except Tom.
I want to take a walk now.
Everybody has a hat on except Tom.
I want to leave the house.
I work at the same place Tom does.
I want to tell the truth.
Tom understands French quite well.
I want to see that movie.
"This one is yours, this one is mine and the other, we share it." This is what we would have said if we want to make lie the Kabyle fable of the couple of frogs when the male said: "This one is mine, this one is mine and the other, we share it", the day they decided to separate.
Tom wants to play chess with Mary.
I want to play baseball.
There's nothing Tom can do for you.
I want to have children.
Tom wants to play tennis on Monday.
I wear jeans every day.
Here's something that Tom should see.
I want to work outside.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that
"Who is he?" "Nobody knows for sure."
Tom wants to show you how to do that.
A passing car splashed Tom with water.
I wear a wedding ring.
I'm looking for my brother. Have you seen him?
I want to study today.
Here's something that Tom should read.
I want to stand out.
No one expected Tom to react that way.
I want to move out.
Nobody expected Tom to react that way.
This book weighs a kilogram.
I want to testify.
Tom is the only one not wearing a hat.
I wear a watch.
My brother Tom is older than me, but all my other brothers are younger.
I want to move.
Tell me the truth, please.
He is protecting us.
Where can I buy a map of Europe?
The demands placed on students are increasing.
I am going to tear down the wall.
I will demolish the wall.
One of the best-known Hungarian soups is the Újházi style chicken soup, named after the Hungarian actor Ede Újházi.
Nobody has innate knowledge.
I was at home all summer.
Vertebrates typically have teeth.
I'll stay here for some time.
I'm asking you for the second time.
Leg it!
Is there a doctor among us?
Tom said that he had nowhere to sleep.
She asked me when I was going to bed.
He goes out after dark.
What is your village?
They arrived in Berlin yesterday.
Excuse me, could you please tell me where the restroom is?
God forbid it should happen!
Let's meet in the cafeteria.
Is there any room left?
I can't stop thinking about the unpredictable consequences this will bring.
He's better at teaching than I am.
I call Tom on the walkie-talkie.
You know what we won?
She's too much woman for him.
They're coming early.
Children have to go to bed early.
Mary is Boston Brahmin.
Mary's Boston Brahmin.
She has a heavy Boston Brahmin accent.
Who are you speaking with?
She has a heavy Mid-Atlantic accent.
Her Mid-Atlantic accent suggests an elite upbringing.
She came unannounced.
She's used to getting whatever she wants.
I buy a lot of books in this bookshop.
Can they come?
There is a lot that is happening right now.
There's a lot that is happening right now.
There's a lot that's happening right now.
Do you always see your friends in this café?
I understand you well.
The airplane took off on schedule.
The ‘Black Lives Matter’ protests that have erupted across the world in recent weeks have reinvigorated demands in Europe for statues of slave traders and colonial figures to be removed.
Why does the universe hate me?
Oh, gosh!
How can I improve my Esperanto?
We will have our vengeance!
We will have our revenge!
We'll have our revenge!
I'm completely useless.
I'd wait.
I'd never trust Tom.
I may stay.
We're not Canadians.
I could win.
We're not as old as Tom.
I'd approve.
We're not as busy as Tom.
I'd say yes.
We're not as rich as Tom.
I have essentially personally encountered three kinds of Buddhism (Zen Buddhism, Theravāda Buddhism, and Pure Land Buddhism), and five kinds of Christianity (Roman Catholicism, Baptist, Pentecostal, Jehovah's Witness, and Mormonism).
Despite my adventures into religions, I still believe in science fact and science fiction.
I do not dismiss the many forms of Animism, including Shinto and Dao, as well as other Native around this world.
I should eat.
We're not as old as Tom is.
I should wait.
We're not as busy as Tom is.
I'd fight back.
We're not as rich as Tom is.
Please also note that, we need to EUR GOP for this case.
I could see you.
We're not as young as Tom is.
I should've come.
I'd be in Boston now if I could be.
I should be first.
We're not selling our house to Tom.
We're not children.
Everyone is talking about what Tom did.
We're not prepared.
I want to tell Tom about what happened.
We're not sleeping.
I work at the same place that Tom does.
It was shown on the news today.
I couldn't hear you.
Tom was the only one not wearing a hat.
I usually study maths in the evening.
I may win this time.
Everybody is talking about what Tom did.
I should study more.
I don't think Tom and John are brothers.
Suddenly it all makes sense.
I'd stay if I could.
No one knows how Tom will react to this.
We're not convinced.
Nobody knows how Tom will react to this.
We're not that poor.
There's nothing that Tom can do for you.
You may use my desk.
We're not ready to go back to Australia.
I can definitely win.
I want to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I should be home now.
If Tom isn't careful, he'll hurt himself.
I should go home now.
You should let Tom drive once in a while.
I should leave early.
If Tom goes swimming, I'll go swimming, too.
I'd probably do that.
I don't think that Tom and John are brothers.
I might get suspended.
I wish that I could understand French better.
Tom is French-Canadian.
Tom's French-Canadian.
Literal translations can be misleading. For example, when a Russian says "тоска зелёная", he does not mean that "nostalgia is green", but, in fact, that he considers, or considered, something tedious or boring.
Do you have problems with anything?
She is pouring milk into a cup.
I enjoy living.
I might win this time.
I want to know why Tom didn't want to do that.
He didn't wake up anymore.
That's my voice.
I should be all right.
Tom's father often takes Tom fishing with him.
Where are you going? It's almost half past three.
I should be done soon.
Maybe Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
That's so disgusting.
Thomas is French-Canadian.
I should be safe here.
We're not going to Boston. We're going to Chicago.
I know it's very difficult to quit smoking.
Esther is a Persian Jew.
Esther was a Persian Jew.
I arrived without knowing if I would stay. Now I'm leaving with the certainty that I'll be back.
I should go back home.
We're not rich enough to buy a house on Park Street.
Transience is as old as eternity.
Omid is Persian.
I should look at that.
Without Tom's help, I wouldn't have been able to do it.
I should've been home.
We're not going to Australia. We're going to New Zealand.
I shouldn't have come.
What is essential?
I want to wait until Tom asks me to do that before I do it.
Is there something you don't eat?
God forgive me for the time I've wasted.
Are they all gay?
American democracy is a kakistocratic institution.
We live in a kakistocratic society.
Capitalism is kakistocratic.
Press the right arrow key to continue.
Press the right arrow key to shoot.
My keyboard is missing a left arrow key.
He's a member of the ancient priestly caste.
I'm tired of all your shenanigans. Please limit them to one shenanigan per week.
Teach me to panhandle.
I'm trying to panhandle enough money to get a sandwich.
The United States is the number one purveyor of violence in the world.
The brutal military junta was installed by the CIA to protect American business interests.
We used to have all-night LAN parties.
Translation is as much artistry as it is comprehension.
I'd like to buy a car.
I want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Yanni saw a man peering into the window.
Yanni looks like a ghost.
Yanni's skin is paper white.
Yanni doesn't visit Skura anymore.
Yanni didn't find anything.
Yanni's answer startled Skura.
Yanni saw a ghost.
Yanni didn't get any more information out of Skura.
Yanni needs to look into the matter.
Yanni lives in the forest nearby.
Yanni walked with Skura.
Yanni started walking again.
Yanni stopped walking.
Yanni walked along the hill.
Yanni looked up and saw a helicopter.
Yanni heard footsteps following him.
Yanni had his first sighting of a UFO in 2004.
Yanni saw something that piqued his curiosity.
Yanni had an encounter with a strange creature in the woods.
Yanni leaned against the tree.
Yanni took pictures of the nest.
Yanni uploaded the pictures on Instagram.
Yanni couldn't see anything clearly far beyond his car.
Yanni was resting at the base of a tree.
Yanni is packing up his things.
Yanni said he saw something.
Yanni felt there was something watching him.
Yanni noticed something strange.
Yanni is an Algerian paranormal investigator.
Yanni thinks this information will help.
Yanni came here.
Yanni kept Skura updated.
Yanni told Skura that he will keep her updated if something comes up.
Yanni never set foot on Skura's property.
Yanni had several family members pass away in 2004.
Yanni owns acres in Algeria.
Yanni built a shed on his farm.
Yanni came to visit Skura on the weekend.
Yanni and Skura were playing tag.
Yanni was close.
Yanni was bearing jean shorts.
Yanni didn't think too much of it.
Yanni is hiding behind a tree.
Yanni and Skura are playing hide-and-seek.
Yanni should probably go back to the camp.
Yanni and Skura looked at each other.
Yanni didn't know which direction Skura was coming from.
Yanni absolutely insisted that what he saw wasn't a plane but a UFO.
Yanni quickly forgot about the entire experience.
Yanni couldn't find his clothes anywhere.
Yanni works for a small technical consulting firm.
Yanni has a job that requires him to work at the office.
Yanni is an early bird.
Yanni didn't have to lock his car doors.
Yanni showed up with a UPS package.
Yanni was actually there.
Yanni was the only person in the office.
Yanni walked down along the driveway and back.
Yanni looked at that car.
Yanni walked past Skura's car.
Yanni hasn't heard a thing.
Yanni couldn't have done it.
Yanni walked through miles of corn fields.
Yanni looked around.
Yanni walked back into the building.
Yanni's door is always locked.
Yanni's door is always locked, whether he's here or not.
Yanni met many people from Algeria.
Yanni pays his taxes.
Yanni got a phone call from a stranger.
Yanni didn't feel right.
Yanni should trust his gut instinct.
Yanni was contacted by a local doctor.
Yanni explained the issue that he was having with his computer.
Yanni took a look at Skura's computer.
Yanni seemed sketchy at first.
Yanni knows how much this computer is going to cost.
Yanni dropped the PC off at the repair shop.
Yanni never got a reply from Skura.
Yanni refuses to talk on the phone.
Yanni seemed dangerous.
Yanni seemed on edge.
Yanni removed the hard drive and replaced it with a new one.
Yanni pulled out the hard drive.
Yanni managed to recover pretty much everything from Skura's old hard drive.
Yanni's computer is fixed now.
Yanni is not going to be available until after work.
Yanni insisted on meeting Skura at the post office.
Yanni has many female friends at work.
Yanni finally arrived.
Yanni delayed that as much as he could.
Yanni knew that Skura was there.
Yanni wore a dark hoodie covering his head.
Yanni introduced himself and his friend.
Yanni could smell Skura's friend from where he was standing.
Yanni interrupted Skura mid-sentence.
Yanni quickly responded.
Yanni told Skura that in the text message.
Yanni felt threatened.
Yanni swiftly responded.
Yanni walked away to the car park.
Yanni paid Skura four thousand dinars for a simple ride.
Yanni knew what was going on.
Yanni was so paranoid about that.
Yanni took a look at Skura's photos.
Yanni wondered what was taking so much space on Skura's hard drive.
Yanni's computer is password protected.
Yanni opened three or four photos on Skura's phone.
Yanni was a threat.
Yanni told Skura to call the police ASAP.
Yanni's drive was confiscated by the police.
Yanni sent Skura messages.
Yanni used a fake number to send Skura threatening messages.
Yanni has skipped town.
Yanni is still paranoid that Skura will come to his office some day.
Yanni has experience now.
Yanni will never again allow this to happen.
Yanni is fairly skeptical of the paranormal.
Yanni lives in a pretty quiet neighborhood.
Yanni stayed up until the early hours of the morning.
Yanni heard strange noises.
Yanni was sitting on his bed.
Yanni took his earbuds out and began listening to that noise carefully.
Yanni was almost paralyzed with fear.
Yanni felt the pit of his stomach grow larger.
Tom's kind of hot.
Yanni was still confused.
Yanni lives close by.
I've got a crush on Tom.
Yanni stayed up for hours that night researching strange animals.
Yanni looked out of his window.
Yanni says that weird things have been happening in the area lately.
Yanni can't see anything.
Yanni saw the figure of a person peering into his window.
Yanni has the answer.
I'd like to leave now.
I didn't know Tom was trans.
I want to talk to you about what happened in Australia last month.
The day is long enough – you just have to make good use of it!
Yanni lives in a beautiful apartment.
Yanni slipped on the ice.
Yanni had a cup of tea.
Yanni and Skura grew up together.
Yanni isn't called the pig for nothing.
Yanni doesn't have enough food.
Yanni and Skura don't get along.
Yanni gave his dog a silly name.
Yanni took care of his dog.
Yanni says everything is OK with him.
Yanni's friend has got a problem.
Yanni's family was so poor.
Yanni had four different jobs.
Yanni lives with his buddy.
Yanni was arrested for shoplifting.
Yanni loves painting.
Yanni will take care of Skura's dog.
Yanni was crazy about that girl.
I didn't know Tom was transgender.
Tom said he wasn't a thief.
We're not talking about you. We're talking about someone else.
Tom is flamboyant.
We're not at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
Tom is good at volleyball.
Mom's the best!
Dad's the best!
I like travel!
We're not going to have an office Christmas party this year.
Tom is the one who taught Mary how to swim.
I'd be terribly disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
Tom is the one who told me not to eat that.
The boss gave me a souvenir.
Do you know how to paint?
I go into the market.
I enter the market.
Could you give me something? I'm totally broke.
Could you give me something? I'm flat broke.
A study by researchers at Britain’s University of Nottingham published this week suggests there could be more than intelligent civilizations in our galaxy.
The study used a calculation based on how long it took advanced life to develop on Earth – about five billion years ago - and applied it to the known galaxy.
The researchers caution, however that communication with these alien civilizations could be difficult, as the average distance to them would be about 17,light-years.
They calculated there are about advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
Based on the assumption that advanced life – a technologically capable civilization that sends out communications – takes up to five billion years to form, the researchers calculated there are about advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
Solitude means losing one's fellow human beings: at the moment when solitude is most beautiful, they are not there.
In Germany, three million people work at night like Tom.
A cheap and widely available steroid drug has shown it can save the lives of the most seriously ill COVID-patients.
Scientists called the use of dexamethasone, normally used to reduce inflammation in patients with arthritis and other diseases, a "major breakthrough" in the treatment of patients infected by the coronavirus who have been hospitalized and need the use of a ventilator or supplemental oxygen.
Unfortunately I can't watch the video until later, but from experience I give it a thumbs up.
I should be exhausted after doing all that, but I'm not.
Tom is the one who was supposed to do that.
“News and current events are definitely something my life has always been centered around,” says Hannah Zeller, 21.
What time tomorrow should we meet up?
My father would have liked this video. It's a shame that I found it three months late.
Hannah says that while in grade school, she knew the names of the news anchors on her local evening news hour.
Hannah turns to late-night programs to stay informed but also to find humor and solace.
“The constant deluge of information can very rapidly shift you from the realm of ‘informed, proactive citizen’ to ‘on-fire garbage can crammed with so much content it ceases to do anything other than feed your anxiety,’” she says.
They are not alone in feeling overwhelmed at times.
Hosts of late-night comedy shows make their news material more digestible.
I think people often watch late-night shows and forget that what they’re seeing isn’t fact free from significant bias.
People will seemingly believe anything nowadays.
Hosts like Fallon, Colbert and Noah can help younger people feel like the world is a little less grim.
Watching the news can sometimes make me feel so helpless, like the world is falling apart and there’s little I can do to address it but watch it burn around me.
Hearing those same events be made into a punchline for the monologue on ‘The Late Show with Stephen Colbert’ makes them seem less dire.
Sasha remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father.
Sasha Masakowski remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father -- the renowned jazz guitarist, Steve Masakowski.
He’d play harmonies as background on the guitar, and he would encourage me to improvise.
He’d tell me to play something using just the white keys or just the black keys, and I’d make up music.
I am ashamed to admit that I have not done anything again today.
I love those memories.
More than two decades later, Sasha, now 33, is an accomplished musician in her own right.
She’s released five albums in her young career and was recently nominated as New Orleans’ best female vocalist.
She grew up in a household in which music was always on.
Her father wasn’t her only musically-inclined parent.
Her mother is a successful, classically trained pianist.
Sasha says some of her earliest memories are of the Brazilian melodies her parents played throughout the house.
I’d hear songs like ‘The Girl from Ipanema,’ and I’d pretend I was a Brazilian and sing along in fake Portuguese.
As Sasha got older, though, she says her interest in jazz faded.
“I think she saw the kind of music I played as music for old people,” her Dad explains.
She developed a love for a different kind of music: that of Britney Spears and NSYNC.
Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage, and I just wanted her to be happy.
Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage.
I just wanted her to be happy.
I just wanted him to be happy.
I just wanted Tom to be happy.
Tom did the opposite of what his parents wanted him to do.
Steve admits to hoping his kids would develop a love for jazz.
I know the joy music can bring to life and I wanted them to have that.
I think she might have had a couple of friends in high school who were jazz musicians.
I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me.
“I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me,” she says laughing.
He was in the jazz department and really seemed to love it.
Sasha says she admired him from afar until the day they met.
Cookie never plays with the toys I buy him.
The first thing he did was take my hands into his.
I was so excited, and the first thing he did was take my hands into his and say, “Oh my God, you have his hands! I’m such a big fan of your Dad’s!”
This forced her to consider an uncomfortable possibility -- that maybe her father and his music were, in fact, cool.
I live in Seoul.
At the end of high school -- and at least one additional romance with a jazz musician later -- Sasha decided to study jazz in college instead of musical theater.
She enrolled at the University of New Orleans, where her father headed the Jazz Studies Program.
There was this one class I taught that both my kids were enrolled in at the same time.
They kept calling me ‘Dad’ in class -- which drove me nuts -- but otherwise it was nice.
Sasha and Steve love playing together.
They cherish the common language jazz gives them.
A relationship that close can sometimes have its challenges.
There’s a reason he’s the best.
It’s her father’s diligence that allowed him to become such a renowned musician.
He has a drive to be so good.
That work ethic means he won’t tolerate me being on my phone during a rehearsal.
He’s never shy to give me things to work on.
I lost someone very important to me.
Sasha says she doesn’t mind his criticism because she knows he’s coming from a place of love.
He wants me to succeed. I know that.
He wants me to succeed.
Sometimes she’s on her phone because musicians today have to be marketing wizards, video editors and so much more.
Steve’s pride in his children is clear.
“With Sasha, I remember her singing from her stroller,” he says. “We were in an old church in Germany and she was just a little kid, but she was so fascinated with how her voice sounded with the acoustics.”
Sasha is known for her musicality and her ability to improvise or “scat.”
It’s a skill that’s not common among singers.
Improvising scares a lot of vocalists, but for me I feel like a little composer again at the piano next to my Dad. I love it in large part because of him.
NOAA’s scientific integrity policy prohibits political interference with the conduct and communication of the agency’s scientific findings.
Mary took a mud bath.
Tom took a mud bath.
These flowers need water. The leaves already wilted.
Don't be so stubborn! How do you say so beautifully? The wiser gives in.
Although it is a regional gathering, the brochure contains prominent names.
Suddenly everything makes sense.
It's okay to take a bath first.
It's okay to bathe first.
You'd tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't you?
Tom is the one who was supposed to do this.
I'm years old.
Where should we meet up?
We're not likely to get paid extra for doing that.
Tom is the only one that gave me a present.
The hospital's catchment area is the hospital's city plus the adjacent towns.
No, I wasn't expecting that at all; it was a total blindside.
I usually discard the green part of the scallion, but my mom uses the whole thing.
The promo photos are pretty good, but the video teaser looks outdated.
I'd never have done that if you hadn't been there.
Tom is the only one who ever tried to help.
I'd never even consider doing something like that.
Tom is the only person who understood Mary.
I'd like to know the reason why you weren't there.
Tom is sitting by himself on the back porch.
I'd have stopped doing that if you'd asked me to.
Tom was killed just after 2:this morning.
We're not yet convinced that we should do that.
Tom will be told he doesn't need to do that.
I'd never have been able to do that on my own.
Tom has been told he doesn't have to do that.
We should be outside on a nice day like this.
Tom is the only one who didn't do that right.
I'd probably be able to fix that fairly quickly.
Tom is the only one who didn't do that wrong.
I'd never complain about something like that.
Tom was about thirteen years old at that time.
It's a cow.
I'd be surprised if you were able to do that.
Tom was on the basketball team in high school.
We're not going to stay at that hotel again.
Tom was released from jail early this morning.
The bull broke out of the enclosure.
Sometimes the bull wins.
I found several things missing from my room.
Tom was sentenced to three months behind bars.
Tom has been found guilty of misconduct.
We're not yet convinced we should do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't have an alibi.
I like eating jelly beans.
She came by car.
Just enter your password here, and Bob's your uncle - you're in.
We're not very likely to do that together.
Tom went to a nearby restaurant to have lunch.
This ring isn't shiny at all.
She read all the books about the Moomins.
The man came to Moscow.
What do they need to buy?
Why did you stop only the unfamiliar people?
We're not planning on doing that together.
Why did you stop only the unfamiliar ones?
Tom went to great lengths to cover his tracks.
We're not very likely to travel together.
Tom gets along well with all of his classmates.
I'd have helped you if you'd asked me to.
Tom got fired because he was rude to customers.
I'd be very proud of you if you did that.
Tom got hit by a car and was seriously injured.
I can't believe watermelons exist. Why would a plant make its fruit so delicious?
The 1980s saw an abundance of action-packed movies.
The cat wants the window opened.
Is partially hydrogenated oil dangerous to our health?
The nuns went up to the cloister.
The company created a focus group to handle grievances.
The contestant delivered her extemporaneous speech with such gusto.
The typical laptop keyboard has a bunch of built-in function keys.
Just press this function key on the keyboard to increase the volume of your audio.
Let's puzzle over Lewis Carroll's Pillow-Problems!
That nursery has a pretty decent playpen.
Bay leaves are a key ingredient in his adobo recipe.
Active dry yeast needs to be dissolved in water first before using it in your recipe.
Adding chicken stock is one way to add flavor to your vegetable dishes.
You must have your fair share of the tasks.
Adding a smack of honey to sour dough bread makes grilled cheese so much better.
Double scallop curtains are commonly seen in old theaters.
Shrimp and scallop pasta tastes so good.
She gave him a sidelong glance all throughout the lecture.
Fat-free isn't necessarily healthy, as sugary snacks are often labeled this way.
I'd like it if somebody did that for me.
The New Testament is the fulfillment of the Old Testament.
Tom has a bachelor's degree in music education.
The Old Testament told the origin of the Commandments, whereas the New Testament summarized it into commandments: "Love God above all else, and Love your neighbor as yourself."
The "New Testament" was Roman anti-Jewish propaganda.
If you don't redeem your gift card, the company won't necessarily get the full revenue from that gift card.
Stop wasting your time reading the gossip column!
The parable of the talents is one of my favorites.
Some school uniforms incorporate a white camisole into the ensemble.
The employees can't help but feel demoralized after their CEO revoked their work from home privileges during the COVID-pandemic.
The manager asked for a coat hanger to be installed near the entrance last season.
Old rich families used to employ a governess to look after their children.
In the old days, it was customary for a gentleman to serenade his beloved.
The Romans needed to create a new religion that was friendly to their occupation and would prevent the violent uprisings anticipated by Jewish Messianism.
When something does not make sense, it does not add up.
The bezel on that old iPhone model was white.
A smartphone bezel is the plastic or metal border on its front surface, surrounding the screen.
The Romans may or may not have based the character of Jesus on a person who actually lived.
We're not very likely to sing together.
Tom is the only one who didn't do that correctly.
I lived in Rio when there were still trams. What a beautiful city! I still miss it...
I can speculate all I want about the nature of the universe and "reality," but such would be just speculation. I can say that our reality is like a computer simulation. I can say that our reality is like a hologram. I can say that our reality is like a dream. There are many more I-can-say's. They are speculations. As humans, we are like rabbits in that even if higher beings were to tell us the truth, we still might not understand.
We're not the only ones who'll do that.
Tom will be told that he doesn't need to do that.
We're not planning to do that together.
Tom got into a fight with someone at the party last night.
Nobody complained about that.
Tom is wiping the dishes.
It's easier to raise your second child.
I'd never hurt anyone.
Tom should already be there.
Don't pretend to be interested in it.
I'd refuse to do that.
Tom only thinks about himself.
Tom said he had nowhere to sleep.
We're not on the list.
I take French classes with my friends.
Tom said he'd come and he did.
Is this your brolly?
I don't accept gifts.
We're not yet perfect.
Yanni didn't see Skura on Thursday.
Yanni wasn't actually supposed to do that.
Yanni's was identified based on his clothing.
Yanni was completely devastated.
Yanni wished Skura a good day and left.
Yanni was covered in dirt.
Yanni helped Skura kill Ziri.
Yanni has a few friends in Algeria.
Yanni had a similar experience.
I should be downstairs.
Tom stood over there for a long time.
I should be ready soon.
Tom is convinced Mary won't need to do that.
By strengthening self-awareness, a person gains the power to change himself.
I should do that again.
Tom is pretty sure he'll be able to do that.
I should get a haircut.
Tom is the only one who isn't drinking beer.
Poor stegosaurus.
Good stegosaurus!
She adores stegosauruses.
I like stegosauruses.
Do stegosauruses dream?
The stegosaurus escaped.
What noise does a stegosaurus make?
Even if there were million Palestinians, they should all have the right to return to Palestine.
I should go home early.
Tom is the only one who isn't drinking wine.
I should go to bed now.
Tom is the only one who was able to do that.
I'd be able to do that.
Tom is very worried about his wife's health.
I'd never hurt anybody.
Tom got sent to the principal's office today.
Tom is a good husband and a wonderful father.
We might win this time.
Tom is convinced Mary won't be able to do that.
We ended up hooking up.
I was just talking to her about you.
I can understand her French pretty well.
Maybe I'm just silly, though.
I'm all over the place tonight.
I'm extremely depressed lately.
I've been extremely depressed lately.
It's a complicated thing for so many reasons.
I just had to get that clarified.
Did I have them confused with someone else?
I'm so queer.
I just wanted to be helpful in as many ways as possible.
You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.
If you know anyone who might be interested in this, feel free to pass it along.
He is one-legged.
We're not going to win.
Tom is convinced that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom is a good husband and a wonderful daddy.
Pirates from Boston say, "Ahhhhh!"
We're not kids anymore.
Tom is pretty sure that he'll be able to do that.
You will live a hundred years.
The joint Europe and U.S. Solar Orbiter spacecraft has made its first close approach to the Sun, getting as close as million kilometers and taking the closest images of the sun ever captured.
Scientists hope the instruments on board the orbiter will help solve the mysteries of the inner workings of our nearest star.
The spacecraft will fly to within million kilometers of the sun, closer than Mercury.
At that distance, it will face temperatures up to degrees Celsius, hot enough to melt aluminum.
If the mission works as expected, the Solar Orbiter will be able to take the first images of the Sun's poles as well as investigate the heliosphere and solar wind.
After sling-shotting around Venus, the Solar Orbiter is expected to make its first close solar pass in early 2022.
After years, Quaker Oats said it is retiring the Aunt Jemima name from its pancake mixes and syrup along with the image of a smiling African American woman.
The furor over the death of George Floyd while in Minneapolis police custody prompted the entire nation to re-examine racism and inequality between African Americans and other people of color, and white Americans.
"We recognize Aunt Jemima's origins are based on a racial stereotype. While work has been done over the years to update the brand in a manner intended to be appropriate and respectful, we realize those changes are not enough," spokeswoman Kristin Kroepfl said.
The picture of Aunt Jemima on the pancake box has evolved over the years from an overweight, kerchief-headed woman to a slim, modern woman.
Earlier this year, Land O'Lakes dropped the picture of a Native American woman from its packages of butter and other dairy foods.
Italians are aware the virus has not been completely defeated yet.
Posters and signs remind customers at stores and public spaces about the need to maintain social distancing, wear protective masks and sanitize one’s hands.
For many, the reopening of movie theaters was an emotional moment.
Young people especially are ready for summer fun, as nightclubs and discos also re-opened.
Club owners are expressing concerns that it will be very difficult to enforce some of the rules that include customers having to dance one meter apart.
Schools are expected to reopen in September.
We're not millionaries.
Tom won't be able to buy everything that he needs.
You may do as you like.
Tom is convinced that Mary won't be able to do that.
Are you so sure it is a coincidence?
Are you sure it is a coincidence?
Are you sure it's a coincidence?
You might have to wait.
Tom should be able to do that without anyone's help.
You must be frustrated.
Tom gave us a lift to town.
You should get the job.
Tom was aware of our plans.
Dorcas brought in fresh tea.
Aren't you my friend too?
"I am a very bad friend." "Why do you say that?" "Because it is true. I am charming to my friends one day, and forget all about them the next."
Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. Bauerstein!
Instantly I regretted my words.
Without a word, she turned and went swiftly up the stairs, whilst I stood like an idiot gaping after her.
I should try doing that.
Tom often neglects his work.
Tom showed up at 2:30.
I should've trusted you.
Tom never saw his wife again.
We shouldn't be outside.
We're not the murderers.
Tom spent the evening reading.
We're not very busy yet.
Tom threw me out of the house.
We're not yet convinced.
Tom was anxious about his job.
Dad and Mom were able to log board this?
You should be locked up.
Tom didn't have any accomplices.
You should be safe here.
Tom is always busy on weekdays.
You should just go away.
Tom is used to such situations.
You should sing with us.
Tom lives in a very small town.
She likes wearing boxer briefs, she doesn't like briefs, and also doesn't like thongs.
The cow is mooing.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching football, haha.
He bought a box of strawberries.
You shouldn't back down.
Wow, what are you doing?
China, otherwise known as the People's Republic of China, is located in east Asia, on the western coast of the Pacific ocean.
The stag is roaring.
If economic globalization is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
I'd be a fool to do that.
Tom never saw his mother again.
Every sentence on Tatoeba is about Tom and Mary going to Boston.
The film gained her popularity.
Hunger makes one mean.
Hunger makes one angry.
Give me more milk.
I understand Russian.
I'd never go there alone.
Tom wants to dye his hair pink.
We will never forget your kindness.
I'd never wait that long.
Tom was accused of being a spy.
You should be downstairs.
Tom broke his arm playing rugby.
I just want to rant a little bit.
You should do that again.
Tom explained his reasons to us.
I continued training.
I have twenty-six cattle outside my house.
You should eat lunch now.
Tom finds fault with everything.
Wash your hands to stay healthy.
The dog scares him.
The stag is roaring in the forest.
It's Summer, the flowers are here.
Do you see that garden?
You should get a haircut.
Tom gave away everything he had.
Tom is absorbed in the music.
Can you help me translate this sentence into your native language?
This extension purported to warn users about questionable websites.
The extension siphoned off browsing history.
I'd do that if I had time.
Tom has a lot of creative ideas.
I don't know how to translate this sentence into Russian.
I'd like to see you there.
Tom said he'd call back at 2:30.
Life is gradually returning to its usual course.
We're not quite there yet.
Tom told his friends his secret.
We're not sure what to do.
Tom took me into his confidence.
My parents don't understand anything.
This chair is relatively small.
The chair is relatively small.
We're not very hungry yet.
Tom was late to his own wedding.
You should let me do that.
Tom and I are brother and sister.
You'd be tough to replace.
Tom asked me whether I liked him.
I can count on you, I hope.
Tom fixed the problem right away.
He caught up with me.
I can rely on you, can't I?
Here's Johnny!
Tom heard somebody call his name.
I may not be here tomorrow.
Tom introduced me to his sisters.
Marie wears beautiful earrings all the time.
The wiser head gives in.
There wasn't any time for it.
Why did you not call me yesterday?
Why didn't you call me yesterday?
Even though Calvinism did not originate in Hungary, traditionally it has been called the "Hungarian faith."
I'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom isn't here because he's sick.
I'd probably do that again.
We're not scared of anyone.
Tom owed a large amount of money.
During the confinement, the Parisians discovered the song of the birds.
I should get a dog, I think.
Tom asked me whether I liked math.
I'd be perfect for that job.
Tom got a better score than I did.
I'm used to such situations.
Tom is taller than Mary by a head.
The numbers have been forged.
We're not afraid of anybody.
Tom turned up thirty minutes late.
Inwardly the Second Men differed from the earlier species in that they had shed most of those primitive relics which had hampered the First Men more than was realized. Not only were they free of appendix, tonsils and other useless excrescences, but also their whole structure was more firmly knit into unity. Their chemical organization was such that their tissues were kept in better repair. Their teeth, though proportionately small and few, were almost completely immune from caries. Such was their glandular equipment that puberty did not begin till twenty; and not till they were fifty did they reach maturity. At about one hundred and ninety their powers began to fail, and after a few years of contemplative retirement they almost invariably died before true senility could begin.
I'm used to planning my day in advance.
We're not entirely helpless.
Tom denied that he knew who did it.
We're not in danger, are we?
Tom was delighted with the results.
She's a beanpole.
Everybody makes antibodies naturally.
Antibodies are a key part of the immune system.
Antibodies work by attaching themselves to an invading germ.
The race is on to contain a massive oil spill in Russia’s Arctic region.
Inside the Zarzuela Palace, the spacious residence of King Felipe VI of Spain, there is a corridor dedicated to cartoons about the royal family.
The story revolves around allegations made by Carlos' former lover, Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, a German businesswoman who splits her time between London and Monaco.
Social distancing and isolation can be hard.
Don’t underestimate the pain of isolation.
This is all unnatural and disorienting.
Experts already know that years of loneliness or feelings of isolation can lead to anxiety, depression and dementia in adults.
Loneliness can result in a weakened immune system response, higher rates of obesity, high blood pressure, heart disease and a shorter life span.
Children who have fewer friends or are bullied or isolated at school tend to have higher rates of anxiety, depression and some developmental delays.
It is helpful that the entire world is basically in the same situation.
Playground equipment is wrapped in crime scene tape to prevent its use as part of the effort to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Mikalsen is advising her patients to stay connected with people, exercise regularly, and keep to a schedule so that everybody in the household has some sort of purpose in their day.
Waiting around and worrying about getting sick can lead to increased anxiety.
Extroverts have this strong need to always be around other people.
The idea of being in a quiet place with no entertainment is extremely anxiety provoking for extroverts.
An introvert is perfectly happy in a tiny little room with nothing.
You can lock up an introvert in a New York City apartment and have them not come out for two months and they'll be perfectly happy.
Researchers say they have determined a mystery fossil discovered in Antarctica in is a large egg, possibly laid by an ancient aquatic reptile.
Since the fossil was discovered, researchers referred to it as the "thing," because they could not classify it.
Researchers from the University of Texas at Austin used microscopic analysis to confirm that the fossil is indeed an ancient egg.
The researchers determined the fossil egg was soft-shelled, unlike dinosaur eggs.
The researchers found no trace of what was in the egg.
Among the familiar things that he would encounter would be creatures recognizably human yet in his view grotesque. While he himself laboured under the weight of his own body, these giants would be easily striding. He would consider them very sturdy, often thick-set, folk, but he would be compelled to allow them grace of movement and even beauty of proportion. The longer he stayed with them the more beauty he would see in them, and the less complacently would he regard his own type. Some of these fantastic men and women he would find covered with fur, hirsute, or mole-velvet, revealing the underlying muscles. Others would display brown, yellow or ruddy skin, and yet others a translucent ash-green, warmed by the under-flowing blood. As a species, though we are all human, we are extremely variable in body and mind, so variable that superficially we seem to be not one species but many.
If the fossil is determined to be a mosasaur egg, the new finding would be significant, as scientists previously did not believe the ancient creatures laid eggs.
Tom watches television every night.
A very different and fairly common quasi-human kind was sometimes produced by planets rather larger than the Earth. Owing to the greater strength of gravitation, there would first appear, in place of the familiar quadruped, a six-legged type. This would proliferate into little sextuped burrowers, swift and elegant sextuped grazers, a sextuped mammoth, complete with tusks, and many kinds of sextuped carnivora. Man in these worlds sprang usually from some small opposum-like creature which had come to use the first of its three pairs of limbs for nest-building or for climbing. In time, the forepart of its body thus became erect, and it gradually assumed a form not unlike that of a quadruped with a human torso in place of a neck. In fact it became a centaur, with four legs and two capable arms. It was very strange to find oneself in a world in which all the amenities and conveniences of civilization were fashioned to suit men of this form.
A good conscience makes a sound sleeper.
We're not yet out of danger.
Tom bought these vegetables yesterday.
You never told me.
The Scotland Yard men were the cynosure of all eyes.
You'd help us, wouldn't you?
I had never seen him so upset.
Tom Jackson teaches at my son's school.
I had never seen Tom so upset.
I had never seen her so upset.
It will be the talk of the village.
It will be the talk of the village!
Surely no woman as beautiful as Mary Cavendish could be a murderess.
And suddenly I remembered that first conversation at tea on the day of my arrival, and the gleam in her eyes as she had said that poison was a woman's weapon.
We passed through the little gate into the garden.
Voices rose near at hand, for tea was spread out under the sycamore-tree, as it had been on the day of my arrival.
I placed my chair beside her.
After tea, I want to talk to you.
After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk.
After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk, and we sauntered off into the woods together.
"Well?" I inquired, as soon as we were protected from prying eyes by the leafy screen.
It struck me at this moment that Cynthia was really a very charming girl!
I don't know what possessed me.
I might not be here tomorrow.
Tom wants to marry one of my daughters.
I'd do that whenever I could.
Tom often doesn't get home until very late.
I'd get angry if you did that.
Tom entertained us with a few funny stories.
I'd like you to be on my team.
Tom filled his and Mary's glasses with wine.
The probability of that ever happening is vanishingly small.
Orion is one of the most recognisable constellations.
She was worrying about her children's future.
His mother is sitting to his left.
He only did it only to do her a favour.
I'll ring him before I go.
She was trying to write a short story.
A question mark is missing from the end of the sentence.
I'd probably be able fix that.
The cries of hurray were deafening.
He eats a full breakfast every day.
She drinks coffee several times a day, as a rule.
The neighbours have turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours have made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
The neighbours have been making their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
You've come at just the right moment.
They've come at just the right moment.
What are the advantages of eating seasonal fruit?
What are the advantages of cycling?
The neighbour has just returned.
The neighbour has just come back.
The neighbour's just got back.
The freshly-baked cake smelt tempting.
Where to begin? Sometimes it's not easy to decide.
Where to begin? It's not always easy to decide.
All these letters are addressed to you.
A technical error has occurred.
The shops in the city were closed.
The shops in town were closed.
The loss of the harvest made the farmer sad.
The farmer was saddened by the loss of the harvest.
There are a lot of sights in the surrounding area.
There are many sights in the surrounding area.
There are many things to see in the surrounding area.
During the last few days the weather has been terribly warm.
During the last few days the weather has been as warm as hell.
Whoever wakes other sleepers with their snoring has to sleep outside.
Dad always reads a magazine at the breakfast table.
Dad always reads a magazine at breakfast.
She spent the whole evening in her bedroom.
She spent all evening in her bedroom.
She spent the entire evening in her bedroom.
The rest is perfect.
Everything else is perfect.
A smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
There's a smell of lemon and nutmeg coming from the kitchen.
The smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
A lemon and nutmeg aroma is coming from the kitchen.
He bought a lot of books from a bookshop.
He bought a great deal of books from a book shop.
He bought a lot of books from the bookshop.
He bought a great deal of books from the book shop.
The elephant trumpeted loudly, and a little bird twittered elegantly in reply.
Why on earth do you say that?
She bit her lip and didn't reply.
She bit her lip, saying nothing in reply.
She bit her lip and said nothing in reply.
She might've been surprised when she heard the news.
Are there any grammatical errors in the written exam?
Are there any grammatical errors in the written test?
The conductor is standing ready before the orchestra.
The pavements are carpeted with red leaves, and the air has the unmistakable smell of wet earth.
Grey clouds cover the sky.
Grey clouds are covering the sky.
Grey clouds obscure the sky.
The sky is hidden by grey clouds.
Do you like falling asleep to the sound of rain?
The autumn wind is whispering in the trees.
The autumn wind is rustling the trees.
The autumn wind susurrates in the trees.
After rain, the pavements are covered in leaves.
After it has been raining, the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
After rain the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
This is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
This here is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
How many books have you read in the past year?
How many books did you read in the past year?
The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of gnats.
The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of mosquitoes.
You know what it means.
You know what that means.
She knows what it means.
She knows what that means.
He knows what it means.
He knows what that means.
The Sun heats the atmosphere.
Take your brolly – the sky's cloudy.
Take your umbrella – the sky's cloudy.
I hope the weather improves over the weekend.
Let's hope the weather improves over the weekend.
She covered her mouth with her hand to hide her smile.
She covered her mouth with her hand, hiding her smile.
And so the day ends: the lights go out and the thoughts rise up.
Do you fancy a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
Do you fancy going for a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
The warm light of the sunset is illuminating the landscape.
The warm light of the sunset illuminates the landscape.
The warm light of the setting sun illuminates the landscape.
The warm light of the setting sun lights up the landscape.
The landscape is bathed in the warm light of sunset.
The landscape is bathed in the warm light of the setting sun.
The landscape is lit by the sunset's warm light.
The landscape is lit by the warm light of the setting sun.
The ground is sodden and muddy.
The ground is soft and muddy.
No sooner had she opened her eyes in the morning than she put her dream down on paper.
She was in her room.
The water lily's flowers open at sunrise and close at sunset.
The air is filled with the fresh smell of lemons.
While he's at work, the porter listens to a radio station that broadcasts uninterrupted news.
There are some breathtakingly beautiful photos in her album.
Patagonia, lying in the far south of South America, is a region of unparalleled beauty rich in natural resources.
The beginning of the week is turning cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week is becoming cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week will become cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week will turn cold and rainy.
It's going to get cold and rainy at the beginning of the week.
The corridor was in complete darkness.
The corridor was completely dark.
After the summer solstice, the days gradually begin to get shorter.
Individual preferences play an important role in this field.
Vine leaves in the sun take on colours that change from yellow to all shades red, brown and orange, finally reaching violet.
Wine is produced from the fruit of a plant called a grapevine.
Can you wait for an hour?
Remains from Roman times were found in several locations around the city.
The city is divided into twenty-two districts.
The climate in this region is temperate.
This region's climate is temperate.
There are several islets in this section of the river.
This section of the river has several islets.
The river is three-hundred metres wide here.
Time is passing by slowly today.
Time's going by slowly today.
A large stone was blocking one of the cart's four wheels.
The cobbles lie dormant beneath a layer of asphalt.
They didn't go swimming because of the cold.
Enthusiasm gradually gives way to doubt and uncertainty.
Enthusiasm is gradually giving way to doubt and uncertainty.
She suffers from perfectionism and fear of failure.
What's stopping you from doing that?
What's keeping you from doing that?
Thunder and lightning are natural phenomena.
They have finally given in.
At last they gave in.
Meanwhile a rethink has begun.
In the meantime, a rethink has begun.
When did you learn about what happened?
When did you find out about what happened?
How did you find out about what happened?
For a whole week, their way was blocked by huge amounts of fallen snow.
He'll walk.
He's going to walk.
He'll go on foot.
He's going to go on foot.
For many days he wandered round the big city.
He wandered about the city for days on end.
They didn't have the least idea what they should do.
They didn't know at all what they should do.
She was evidently well.
She looked well.
It's going to be a hot day.
That day was hot.
That was a hot day.
It can't happen immediately.
That can't happen straight away.
She needed a while to think about the best way to bring the matter up.
She needed a while to consider the best way to raise the matter.
She needed a while to consider the best way to broach the subject.
A fresh wind scattered the dark clouds.
A fresh wind dispersed the dark clouds.
A fresh wind blew away the dark clouds.
That's what everyone wants, of course.
That was weird, wasn't it?
Cycling in the rain is not nice; however, a suitable poncho offers good protection.
Biking in the rain isn't much fun, but a suitable rain cape offers good protection.
The afternoon is drifting slowly into a hazy summer's evening.
All eyes turned to her.
She made a scarecrow and stood it in a cornfield, where it's to stay all summer.
These hills are ideal for a ride out.
This shop sells a wide variety of flowers.
Which of you speaks good French?
Who among you speaks good French?
He was ill for many months.
The station is behind the square.
The railway station is behind the square.
The blue tie and red socks clash a bit.
Everything has already been said.
Everything's already been said.
Why hasn't he bought it yet?
It's five past eleven. Now this evening, as advertised, it's time to hear the debate between two Nobel Prize winners.
Is the film subtitled?
Does the film have subtitles?
Has the film got subtitles?
The wind was blowing at a speed of kilometres per hour.
The wind blew at a speed of kilometres an hour.
All the lights in the city suddenly went out.
Suddenly all the city lights went out.
At that very moment the lights went out.
The new neighbourhood is being built in the university's immediate vicinity.
The new neighbourhood is being built in the immediate vicinity of the university.
Why is that important to you?
Water is dripping from the tap in the kitchen.
Do you know what he's planning?
Do you know what he's going to do?
They won't turn a deaf ear.
They won't refuse to listen.
She doesn't mind him forgetting her, if he can.
She doesn't mind if he forgets her, if he can.
Raindrops were beating against the steel roof of the stable.
Raindrops were beating against the stable's steel roof.
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
The sea waves lash incessantly against the cliffs.
Do you want to sell this painting?
Are you going to sell this painting?
Do you intend to sell this painting?
That would be my first choice.
No one knows what will come of it.
It won't stay like this.
It's not going to stay that way.
It won't stay like that.
Tom grows potatoes and carrots in his garden.
The sea's waves in the quiet of night sound like a lullaby.
The sea today is wonderfully cool and clear.
The sea is turquoise, the water warm and calm.
The dull lecture bored the audience.
The lecture, dull as dishwater, bored the audience.
The tourists admired the building.
The tourists were admiring the building.
The hubbub of the market is dying away in the cool night air.
The hubbub of the market fades away in the cool evening air.
The hubbub of the market fades in the cool night air.
She was in a celebratory, joyous mood.
At this time every day you hear the bells of a nearby church ringing.
At this time every day, the bells of a nearby church can be heard.
All around are hills and valleys covered with snow.
All around you can see hills and valleys covered with snow.
All around are snow-covered hills and valleys to be seen.
That's a trick question, isn't it?
According to the timetable, the train will arrive soon.
According to the timetable, the train will arrive shortly.
According to the timetable, the train's going to arrive soon.
The timetable says the train will arrive soon.
The timetable says the train's going to arrive soon.
What's gone wrong there?
What went wrong there?
A chick hatched yesterday.
Gusts of wind and heavy rain struck Scotland on Wednesday.
Scotland was hit by gusts of wind and heavy rain on Wednesday.
The novel was published in paperback.
The novel appeared in paperback.
The novel has been published in paperback.
He's walking round the garden, hands behind his back, lost in his thoughts.
Lost in thought, his hands behind his back, he walks round the garden.
Suddenly a voice rang out on the other side of the wall.
A voice suddenly rang out from the other side of the wall.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypresses grow.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypress trees are growing.
The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which there are cypress trees growing.
The house is surrounded by a wall, beyond which cypresses grow.
Surrounding the house is a wall, beyond which there are cypress trees growing.
He didn't bother with paths, instead going across country.
He didn't bother with paths, running cross-country instead.
How long did you need to translate this book?
How do you tackle a translation project?
How do you approach a translation project?
The floor gleamed like a mirror.
The floor was gleaming like a mirror.
A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to sparkle.
A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to shine.
"What's up with Tom today? He almost slammed the door in my face when I came in behind him a minute ago." "He's just found out that Mary was promoted ahead of him and is now his line manager. Best give him a wide berth."
We're not leaving for a while.
"I'm not as stubborn as Tom." "Not as stubborn? You're as stubborn as an old mule – far worse than Tom!" "I had no idea you thought that about me, Mary." "Everyone thinks that, John. Everyone!" "Well, you could knock me down with a feather."
Tom started yelling at me as soon as he saw me.
"He's going to eat an apple!" No sooner had Mary uttered these words and pointed at Tom, who was already posing theatrically with the fruit held out to himself as if it were Yorick's skull, than the room all at once fell silent. Everyone was looking on, mesmerised, not daring to breath. Tom had never before even touched an apple: no one had ever managed to make the fruit seem palatable to him, or even managed to get one within a few metres of him. But now, to prove his love to Mary, Tom had taken the apple, as Adam had from Eve's hand, and the last remaining moments of his life of virtue were slipping away.
I often get drowsy after lunch.
Tom wrote a book while he was living in Australia.
I shouldn't go there by myself.
Tom became sad when he found out what had happened.
I'd be a good teacher, I think.
Tom has more than enough money to buy what he needs.
You should be with your family.
Tom said that he thought that the treaty was unfair.
She's expecting twins.
Tell Lucio I said hi.
How do I validate my card?
When are you going to be finished?
Women are afraid of me.
We have to end this.
This isn't everyone, some are still missing.
What kind of work does your mother do?
I don't like going outside after the sun has set.
The USA is rich in natural resources.
I had promised you and I did it.
Last Thursday I missed my train.
I never attended kindergarten.
Your skirt is very cute.
He not only gave us new clothes, but even some money.
You haven't seen Tom today, right?
I'm in a hurry. Sorry!
I'm very ticklish.
I understood already.
Can I touch them?
Up until now everything was predictable.
Does anyone know?
How many times are we going to repeat the same thing!
Mum, when will we arrive?
Did you receive them?
Actually, I don't know.
We can only wait and hope.
Are you coming to the celebration?
Tom, my pleasure.
She has turned into a beautiful young lady.
Do I have time until tomorrow?
Even during the hard times, Marco continued to be my friend.
The bag is ten cents.
So the last practice is on Thursday?
Where's the register?
The hardest kiss is not the first, but the last.
Are we going to be able to complete everything?
Despite his young age, he speaks so many languages.
Did you write him a letter?
Generally, in Italian the stress is put on the second to last syllable.
My room has a view of the garden.
We are out of milk!
There's no reception here.
Until now, I've always traveled by train.
You have to tighten the knot.
I'd never go swimming by myself.
Hurry! The bus is coming!
Tom has more than enough money to buy what he needs to buy.
My name is Alexandra, but people call me Alex.
This is everything you have?
Well yes!
He was very busy today.
Your ticket please.
In two hours it's going to be nighttime and you won't be able to see anything.
If I were you, I would do something else.
This isn't funny at all.
Katia went home by bus.
Even if I saw it, I wouldn't believe it.
"What were you doing?" "Nothing important."
I'm helping my mum with the food.
After the divorce, he can't stop drinking.
People shouldn't know everything.
I wake up at six o'clock in the morning.
The largest lake in South America, Lake Titicaca, is located in Peru.
You are boring me.
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin expression commonly used in mathematics. It means "What was to be shown."
Don't try to excuse yourself, please!
Only if it were true!
What is his goal?
I don't hear a noise.
Ivanov teaches at the University of Sofia.
You are giving me less.
His brother's sudden death surprised him.
I had no clue who he was.
I know, but I can't help.
We could possibly win this time.
Tom always orders the same thing when he eats at this restaurant.
Are you still over there?
I'd rather play tennis than golf.
Do you want some pepper in your hamburger?
Tom said that he wanted to take a shower before going to bed.
We're expecting visitors.
We are exaggerating.
Forget!
Teach.
It's mandatory!
Do you have a sewing machine?
Same to you!
A lot of people are outside waiting for you.
Please check.
Draw a conclusion.
I graduated university.
Just watching.
Here, done.
The clock is ahead.
Very good.
Turn on the television.
Mary was wrong.
Accept it.
We teach.
She is expecting twins.
Eat slowly!
We are waiting for a response.
He got discouraged.
I am scary.
Bet?
I like the toys!
Win a toy!
No reception.
Choose a product.
Good work, boys!
The boys are working.
Oops, wrong!
It's getting serious!
Stop the broadcast.
Close the page!
Who's looking after your children?
I went out.
We're not very organized, are we?
You dropped a bookmark.
Tom said he wanted to take a shower before going to bed.
Pete doesn't like to write notes in books, so he uses bookmarks.
I have a bookmark on that page.
The tyrannosaurus escaped.
Where will you eat this evening?
A translation is like toilet paper: you don't think about it until you need it.
You have a lot of creative ideas.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in talking about that.
He's not as naive as he looks.
My older brother lives in San Diego.
She loves herself.
She likes herself.
Where's the closest shop?
This makes me feel sad.
Usually I don't know what I want.
I do everything alone and it's very hard for me to ask or look for help.
Do you think I should get married?
I have two colleagues who are Bulgarian. That is why I want to learn Bulgarian.
I want to speak Bulgarian every day.
She was writing to me while drinking her tea.
Tom had no idea that his neighbor was a serial killer.
How many students go to your school?
Tom doesn't have money.
Do you want to watch "Tom and Jerry"?
I wish for peace.
My plants are dying.
He isn't a hiker.
I have to prepare for the exam.
We need to spend the night at a hotel.
This adventure made him a hero.
The common cold is an illness.
Grapes are sour.
I think you're making fun of us.
I had suspicions.
Summer came early.
A new school is being built.
I don't have even a tenth of your power!
I want to see you!
When will there be more information?
People will always be unsatisfied.
Obviously we are all different.
What kind of question did he ask you?
What kind of question did she ask you?
This speech is very good.
This presentation is really good.
The school gave us textbooks.
He is used to giving lectures.
She is used to giving lectures.
Tom didn't want to calm down.
He refused to think about my proposal.
She refused to think about my proposal.
This is a textbook on arithmetic.
The unit of time is a second.
It happened just as he said.
Pain is never temporary.
Notice what she is saying.
I will be happy forever!
This hat suits you well.
He decided to give up smoking.
You can swim, right?
I should be able to fix that quickly.
His voice was trembling with anger.
They didn't like this game.
They don't like this game.
My friend's name is Lori.
Tom will be moving into his new apartment on Monday.
Suddenly, she had a brilliant idea.
I would like to sing a song.
He has been teaching for twenty years.
Don't think about the price!
I saved the file on a flash drive.
Who would forget it!
Who would forget her!
I live in Setif, Algeria.
Layla lives in Setif, Algeria.
Sami lived in Setif, Algeria.
Comrades! Let's transform Moscow into a model communist city.
I live in Oran, Algeria.
I don't understand Japanese.
I'm studying Japanese.
I don't want to eat breakfast.
My Japanese is fluent.
I may be asocial, but that doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
It came out as grams. Should I leave it like that?
It's washing.
I'm not sure if those kinds of comparisons should be made.
The politician is answering the journalists' questions.
I hope to see her this year.
These songs are well known by the youth.
He is the complete opposite of her.
Stop eating so many cherries. You are going to get sick!
Isn't there reception here?
He arrived at the station at seven o'clock.
Despite our best efforts, we couldn't find a solution to the problem.
Did you reserve a table at the restaurant?
If you don't understand the meaning of the word, look it up in a dictionary.
You haven't returned my change.
Do you want to go for a short walk?
This is our stop. We have to get off.
Keti Volf is a good singer.
He has killed on the battlefield.
What size shoes does he wear?
What size shoes does she wear?
His arrogance knows no bounds.
We aren't going to get married.
Let's start the translation!
Don't grin at me!
All of my friends are getting married.
I really like this skirt, can I try it on?
You'll see, next time it'll be better!
Room with a double bed.
Laura asks everyone the same thing.
I can't leave you alone for a moment.
I forgot who he was and I can't find him.
This note is ripped. I don't want it.
I often talk with him on the bus.
Do you want to hear the story of my life.
His words discouraged me.
I'd be willing to do that for you.
Did you receive it?
Only if I could!
Wait until the indicator turns green.
Excuse me, how many more stops are there until Florence?
They bought that shirt.
Tom was aware that the police were looking for him.
Tomorrow at o'clock I'm leaving for the airport.
I work as a guide.
The planets orbit around the Sun in a almost perfect circular pattern.
Despite her young age, she speaks so many languages.
I'd be with you now if I could be.
Tom will be behind bars for the rest of his life.
Her father is an ex-convict.
I'd like to change seats with you.
Tom was in his pajamas when he answered the door.
The cat is playing under the tree.
An economic war is declared.
Katya is reading an economics magazine.
"Congratulations" barked Tom.
We'd be crazy to agree to do that.
Tom is aware that the police are looking for him.
If I had had a little more money, I would have bought them.
If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought them.
Had I had a little more money, I would have bought them.
Do it at your own pace.
Do you know who won the race?
We're not going to sing that song.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what had happened.
As women around the world adapt to working remotely, many are finding it both liberating and challenging to dress from the confines of their homes.
VOA’s Julie Taboh spoke with experts in the fashion industry about current sales trend.
The pandemic is changing the way women dress.
Mary wore a bright pink scarf.
The melting permafrost was key factor in the ecological disaster.
Mary was looking thoughtful this morning.
You can't leave us here!
Do you really not see that your life is in danger if you stay here?
We're not planning to go together.
Explain all the things I've said to them.
I trust that they know what they are doing.
Tom will be moving into his new place on Monday.
In a quarter of an hour the sun will set.
Tom, do you know how long we have left of our journey?
Is everything OK, Tom?
I told you to wait in the car!
I also helped out.
We must find another way out from here.
I won't enter here!
I can't see him anywhere.
Lift your head up!
I'd like it if you did that for me.
Throughout their career the Sixth Men had often been fascinated by the idea of flight. The bird was again and again their most sacred symbol. Their monotheism was apt to be worship not of a god-man, but of a godbird, conceived now as the divine sea-eagle, winged with power, now as the giant swift, winged with mercy, now as a disembodied spirit of air, and once as the bird-god that became man to endow the human race with flight, physical and spiritual.
Tom will be moving into his new house on Monday.
On certain large planets, whose climates, owing to the proximity of a violent sun, were very much hotter than our tropics, we sometimes found an intelligent fish-like race. It was bewildering to us to discover that a submarine world could rise to mentality of human rank, and to that drama of the spirit, which we had now so often encountered.
Sometimes we inclined to conceive it as sheer Power, and symbolized it to ourselves by means of all the myriad power-deities of our many worlds. Sometimes we felt assured that it was pure Reason, and that the cosmos was but an exercise of the divine mathematician. Sometimes Love seemed to us its essential character, and we imagined it with the forms of all the Christs of all the worlds, the human Christs, the Echino-derm and Nautiloid Christs, the dual Christ of the Sym-biotics, the swarming Christ of the Insectoids. But equally it appeared to us as unreasoning Creativity, at once blind and subtle, tender and cruel, caring only to spawn and spawn the infinite variety of beings, conceiving here and there among a thousand inanities a fragile loveliness. This it might for a while foster with maternal solicitude, till in a sudden jealousy of the excellence of its own creature, it would destroy what it had made.
Soccer is the sport that I prefer.
We're not able to defend ourselves.
Tom is the one that actually pulled the trigger.
Mentally the Third Men were indeed very unlike their predecessors. Their intelligence was in some ways no less agile; but it was more cunning than intellectual, more practical than theoretical. They were interested more in the world of sense-experience than in the world of abstract reason, and again far more in living things than in the lifeless. They excelled in certain kinds of art, and indeed also in some fields of science. But they were led into science more through practical, aesthetic or religious needs than through intellectual curiosity. In mathematics, for instance (helped greatly by the duodecimal system, which resulted from their having twelve fingers), they became wonderful calculators; yet they never had the curiosity to inquire into the essential nature of number. Nor, in physics, were they ever led to discover the more obscure properties of space. They were, indeed, strangely devoid of curiosity. Hence, though sometimes capable of a penetrating mystical intuition, they never seriously disciplined themselves under philosophy, nor tried to relate their mystical intuitions with the rest of their experience.
We're not going to do that, are we?
Tom is outside playing with some of his friends.
Tom is disappointed because his soccer team didn't win.
We're not interested in doing that.
Tom is going to get injured if he's not careful.
Tom kicks the ball.
We're not sure what should be done.
Tom is going to get injured if he isn't careful.
Can we talk less formally to each other?
You are just a toy.
A standalone syllable doesn't convey any meaning.
Two hundred million years after the solar collision innumerable species of sub-human grazers with long sheep-like muzzles, ample molars, and almost ruminant digestive systems, were competing with one another on the polar continent. Upon these preyed the sub-human carnivora, of whom some were built for speed in the chase, others for stalking and a sudden spring. But since jumping was no easy matter on Neptune, the cat-like types were all minute. They preyed upon man's more rabbit-like and rat-like descendants, or on the carrion of the larger mammals, or on the lusty worms and beetles. These had sprung originally from vermin which had been transported accidentally from Venus. For of all the ancient Venerian fauna only man himself, a few insects and other invertebrates, and many kinds of micro-organisms, succeeded in colonizing Neptune. Of plants, many types had been artificially bred for the new world, and from these eventually arose a host of grasses, flowering plants, thick-trunked bushes, and novel sea-weeds. On this marine flora fed certain highly developed marine worms; and of these last, some in time became vertebrate, predatory, swift and fish-like. On these in turn man's own marine descendants preyed, whether as sub-human seals, or still more specialized subhuman porpoises.
I don't have my keys. But I don't remember leaving them anywhere.
What's the new English teacher's name?
Should we make a bet?
He smiled while singing.
My grandfather drinks only rakia and wine.
You should quit talking and listen.
How many times have I told you not to leave the window open!
That is the question you need to ask yourselves.
The one and the other don't have a connection.
Tom is getting ready to move to a new apartment.
I don't know how I should solve this math equation.
Don't turn on the radio while you are studying.
This here is my father's workplace.
I'm very pleased to see you.
What size is it?
In general the physical and mental form of conscious beings is an expression of the character of the planet on which they live. On certain very large and aqueous planets, for instance, we found that civilization had been achieved by marine organisms. On these huge globes no land-dwellers as large as a man could possibly thrive, for gravitation would have nailed them to the ground. But in the water there was no such limitation to bulk. One peculiarity of these big worlds was that, owing to the crushing action of gravitation, there were seldom any great elevations and depressions in their surface. Thus they were usually covered by a shallow ocean, broken here and there by archipelagos of small, low islands.
What do they want from him?
You friend shouldn't be so nosy!
Your friend shouldn't be so prideful!
I cut raspberries.
I'm asking just in case.
I have to get on the train for Varna not for Vidin.
My hand is itchy.
You are provoking me.
Who agrees with me?
I'll stay here for a week.
We won't miss you.
He puts in the effort to quit smoking.
We are opening the textbook to page ten.
You are the coach. Not me.
Two tickets please.
Merry Christmas to you as well!
We can finish up.
They decided to end the discussion.
If you will come we will come as well.
You want me to help you, right?
Coming in a minute.
Tom has two rings on his thumb.
The tree is very high.
All of the first graders are bringing flowers.
We arrived at seven o'clock.
The news saddened her.
Throw away the keys.
You will drive to London.
My cold has almost passed.
We can pass without him.
What do they want from you?
He was following her tracks.
Miss, you forgot your change!
Don't miss!
Children don't like to shower.
It doesn't matter if he'll come or not.
This morning is very cool, right?
She is returning from England.
Women scare me.
Act as if you don't know anything.
Then I'll go through you.
When can I take a shower?
Can we finish up here?
Your hair is messed up. Go and fix it.
Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still hasn't found them.
Can I have more milk?
"Where are you going?" "To a lecture."
That's another topic.
Do we have to train?
I could make you cry if I wanted to.
Tom has been sentenced to three years in prison.
Why are you putting that here?
I'd be a really good coach, I think.
Tom has been a customer of ours for a long time.
Do you always wait for the bus here?
What car do you drive?
I'd like to thank you for your help.
Tom did exactly what he said he was going to do.
Sometimes, it's in the questions, when they're well-formed, that the answers are found.
Apollinaris, doctor of Emperor Titus, took a good crap here.
Josephus was not an impartial historian.
We're not planning to sing together.
Tom could go to prison for the rest of his life.
My brother's ex works for Amnesty International.
We're not scared of people like you.
Tom committed suicide on his thirtieth birthday.
It is not the mouse that steals; it is the hole in the wall that steals.
I must get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom celebrated his thirtieth birthday in Boston.
There are a lot of flowers in the gardens of the village.
The light shines for a moment, then fades away.
I tried to ignore what was happening.
Tom works at a convenience store near my house.
I want to learn how to shear a sheep.
Tom will be eligible for parole in three years.
I'd be disappointed if that happened.
Tom was excited about what was going to happen.
English gardens are very beautiful.
I'd be very pleased if that happened.
Tom splits his time between Boston and Chicago.
I'd do that again if you asked me to.
Tom lives in Boston with his wife and children.
I'd leave early if I were allowed to.
Tom is the one who actually pulled the trigger.
I'd like to ask you how you did that.
Tom is probably the best student in this class.
Will you be leaving tomorrow?
We're not planning on going together.
She came on Monday, leaving again the following day.
Tom is busy right now and can't speak with you.
Greta downed the beer in one swig.
Greta downed the beer in one draught.
Greta downed the beer in one.
Have you got anything planned for this evening?
Have you got any plans for this evening?
Do you have anything planned for this evening?
The first lesson was easy.
Both John's dogs get on well with his cat.
Some interesting questions came up in today's class.
The ship has gone off course.
The ship went off course.
She has stopped picking daisies.
That's one of the many bends in this country road.
Comets follow eccentric orbits.
This part of town is a veritable labyrinth of winding streets and small squares.
He dropped the melon and it burst.
Do you want milk and sugar?
The field is over hectares big.
There's a book on the table.
She began to talk to a dog.
She began talking to a dog.
She started talking to a dog.
He's been drinking too much lately.
He has been drinking too much lately.
A friend of hers was waiting for her at the gate.
He ran away with his tail between his legs.
This table is too small for Meg.
Peter saw Paul walking round in his garden.
That's not the result they had expected.
He lay on his back looking at the sky.
She did her master's degree three years ago.
She did her master's three years ago.
You'd better get a move on.
You'd better get a shift on.
It was nice weather yesterday.
The weather was nice yesterday.
The biscuit is under the table.
She has changed her plans.
Bill has passed the exam.
Bill has passed the test.
Bill passed the exam.
Bill passed the test.
Do you go jogging every day?
Do you jog every day?
This flower is the most beautiful.
This is the most beautiful flower.
To eat in or take away?
To eat here or take away?
Everyone can do that.
When are you getting up, then?
When are you going to get up?
The girl talking to John is Susan.
The girl who is talking to John is Susan.
The noise made the dog bark.
She's a DJ.
That was quick. Thanks!
He plays the piano for fun.
He is taciturn.
He is reserved.
He is quiet.
Today is the penultimate day of 2010.
Today is the last day but one of 2010.
Thanks for the other day.
Despite the many repairs it has undergone, the machine has never worked well.
Coffee and tea are ready.
"See you soon," she said.
She lost her cap, but then found it straight away.
You can take any train you like from platform 5.
He himself made supper.
He himself made tea.
Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it definitely wasn't Mary.
Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it was definitely not Mary.
That's his own affair.
Do you take sugar with your coffee?
Do you think that I should be worried?
She's not hungry first thing in the morning, so she always eats at about o'clock.
She doesn't have an appetite early in the morning, so she always eats at about o'clock.
The car's engine packed up on the way.
She suggests he should do some sport every day.
The old man mumbled something.
The old man was muttered something.
The old man was mumbling something.
The old man muttered something under his breath.
The old man was muttering something under his breath.
Tom has three children from his first marriage.
Oh, that's better still.
Oh, that's even better.
He's no longer the cheerful fella he used to be.
He's no longer the happy-go-lucky bloke he used to be.
He might have seen her.
Maybe he saw her.
Maybe he's seen her.
Perhaps he saw her.
Not half bad!
She had a dress made for herself.
Did you bring the hairdryer?
Have you brought the hairdryer?
There was a lot of drinking yesterday.
A lot of drinking was done yesterday.
There was a lot of drinking going on yesterday.
You look very thoughtful.
You look pensive.
She has declined the invitation.
He picked up a pencil.
He helped the old lady get up from her chair.
He helped the old lady rise from her chair.
He was helping the old lady get up from her chair.
He was helping the old lady rise from her chair.
It's too soon to discuss that.
Mum divided the cake into three.
The farmer carefully worked his land.
The farmer worked his land painstakingly.
The car accelerated and overtook the lorry.
The car accelerated, overtaking the lorry.
The engine works pretty well.
He spread the bread with butter.
I'd be surprised if you could do that.
Tom has one of the best voices I've ever heard.
She hung her coat behind the door.
I'd like to get a better look at that.
Tom has gone to Boston to live with his father.
I'd like to stay with you for a while.
Tom's car has been parked here for three days.
I'd like to try fixing this by myself.
Tom went outside to take pictures of the moon.
We are like this.
Don't confuse me for yourself.
The police are your friends.
The government don't make fast decisions, they make the right decisions.
I'd probably have done the same thing.
Tom was aware the police were looking for him.
We're not going anywhere in this rain.
Tom is getting ready to move into a new house.
We're not where we're supposed to be.
Tom was sitting quietly in the waiting room.
I should do the same thing you're doing.
Tom is aware the police are looking for him.
I'd never seen Tom so upset.
I'd like it if someone did that for me.
Tom was fired for being rude to a customer.
I found the book that John was talking about.
I see you, but you can't see me.
I can see you, but you can't see me.
He has only one leg.
I cannot find the lighter.
I'd never be able to do that by myself.
Tom lives less than a mile away from here.
If I were you, I'd do something else.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it that way.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom to help me.
If I were you, I'd wait.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom what he thinks.
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that one.
If I were you, I'd wait until Tom gets here.
If I were you, I'd go to Boston.
If I were you, I'd ask the boss for a raise.
I can see Tom, but I can't see you.
I can't see Tom, but I can see you.
There's only one correct answer.
I'm scared, too.
I never thought this day would come.
There's only one possible answer.
I'd probably be forgiven if I did that.
Tom quickly wrote down everyone's names.
I should've written down everybody's names.
Tom quickly wrote down everybody's names.
I should've written down everyones's names.
Tom has been a customer for a long time.
I didn't remember how to get back to the hotel.
Tom decided that it was time to leave.
The person that Susan is taller than is Mary.
You've chosen the wrong man to pick a fight with.
Tom decided that he shouldn't do that.
You're going to get injured if you aren't careful.
Tom amused himself by playing games.
The universe has no boundaries.
You'll fall if you let go of my hand.
You're going to get injured if you're not careful.
Tom decided it was time to leave.
Mary says she's drunk.
I didn't have the courage to tell him the truth.
You seem to be enjoying life a little bit too much.
Tom decided he shouldn't do that.
What is the name of that dog?
Do you, by any chance, know what we're supposed to be doing?
Tom went home by bus.
I'll be there again at seven o'clock.
My name is Alexander. I'm from Sofia. I work as a programmer.
I'm so deeply in love that I didn't even think about having sex with her.
Thank you for allowing me.
Everyone asked themselves the same question.
Excuse me, where can I find the honey?
Why are people never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.
I haven't finished talking.
I'm afraid that it'll rain tonight.
Excuse me, could you pass me the glue?
Is he going back to Italy?
Not all texts deserve to be published.
Some are religious and some are atheists.
Do you have a white dress?
There was a bloody footprint on the floor near the door.
Those who wish to join the club, please write your name here.
Mary is always happy and smiling.
What time do you arrive?
If we have to be honest we didn't understand it.
If we have to be honest we didn't understand her.
Good evening. I would like to book a double room in your hotel.
Mary and I greet each other.
He is suggesting for us to leave now.
Who is asking?
She is smarter than him.
Why do we have to insult the poor lizards?
Validate your card so as to not get fined.
He rejected even the cereal.
This tie fits your shirt.
I would like marinated fish and sea food.
It's easier to make a dog sit than it is to make a girl understand that you like her.
You seem sharp.
I mustn't miss your next concert.
No food can satiate their hunger.
I had a shirt with short sleeves.
I was walking back and forth in an apartment.
I have never doubted that.
Don't pretend to be so open.
No time!
The evil witch turned the man into an insect.
I can't wait anymore. I'm going to do something!
Roman women would dilate their pupils with belladonna because they believed this made them more attractive. Eye doctors still use belladonna during eye exams.
Go to your room and stay there until I ask for you to come back.
I have no idea who her uncle is.
What does "dog life" mean?
Her uncle passed away five years ago.
Do you have cents?
I don't know if he is younger or older than me.
Excuse me, does bus number seven stop here?
You never know what is going to happen.
Cinema is one of the three universal languages. The other two are music and mathematics.
Excuse me, how can I get to the train station?
The boy promised to behave from now on.
Lori lives in Spain.
Could you pass me the plate with the sweets?
What was I with then? Do you remember?
A sideboard is a long, low, flat-topped item of dining room furniture, usually made of wood, used to store china and linens.
He was trying not to think of his problems.
That's something I don't like in him.
Let's get tea!
I'm really curious as to what face you'll make when you see the photos.
Did you choose a dress for Saturday?
He can barely keep his eyes open.
Learning languages is my avocation. I don't get paid for it.
Did I give you a note?
I'm sure that Tom can help us.
Notice the addendum to the last item on the first page.
Is that so!
We accept only cash as payment.
Let me answer that question with a counter-question: Who cares?
Why are you stopping it's green?
Once they had helped each other.
While I loved him, he loved her.
What the Americans call a bobby pin, the British call a hairgrip.
Do you want me to hold your hand?
I have a friend who frequently travels without a ticket.
He won't believe us as well.
I own three cameras.
My wife always critiques me.
We are signing our death sentences.
Is that an eyelash in my soup?
Because of the accident he became deaf.
I was happy that I could see him.
Tighten the clamp before you start sawing.
The probability of that ever happening is very small.
I dpm that the delay will frustrate her.
I don't doubt that the delay will frustrate her.
We can hang up.
We ran out of artichoke dip.
Read it once more please.
All of the money together won't be enough.
I'm sure there's a more mundane explanation that doesn't involve ghosts.
I'm waiting for the right moment!
They eat meat every week.
Room service is an amenity we can live without.
We can't anymore!
I want to win this time.
Tom mumbled something.
Who knows what disagreements underlie this agreement?
Let me know if you're going to get histrionic so I can start making a video.
You can baffle them with a simple question.
Please don't burn the food this time. I like it better without an acrid taste.
Don't agitate the dog anymore.
Dangle a string in front of the cat to see whether it's asleep.
You cannot abase someone who has no shame.
There is no map that can delineate which land is ours and which is theirs.
I try to be calmer these days. That outburst was a relapse into my old behavior.
It's amazing how a single compliment can bolster one's confidence for so long.
Some have characterized altruism as selfishness on behalf of others.
Who will convene the meeting?
The cracker contains only a gram of fat.
You seem a bit edgy today. Is something bothering you?
It's an auspicious time to launch a new organization.
We must fortify the settlement before someone tries to attack it.
They will never relinquish power willingly.
The advantage of a cardigan is that you don't have to pull it over your head.
Who appointed you as the arbiter of truth?
You never know who might accost you on a dark street.
The beans are then ground into a mash.
Let's see how much time they allot you.
That's not the most important facet of the tale.
With that attitude, you will alienate all of your potential allies.
Where's the nearest crossroad?
Can we shunt the water over to the canal?
My dream is to study Hungarian in Budapest.
Water will attenuate the signal.
You are abrogating your responsibilities.
Where is that luscious aroma coming from?
Don't get all petulant and whiny.
The tenderloin is cut from a muscle that does not do much work, so it is not tough.
Forfeiture of your assets is the last thing you should be worried about.
The glottis is part of the larynx.
I think what I said is correct, but I could be wrong.
Secession is not the only political tool available to the state.
How can I improve my French?
The amount of arsenic in the water is minuscule but significant.
Keep sand out of every orifice.
The fact that they're pliant does not mean they agree with you.
This change in the design brings with it a twofold improvement in the performance of the device.
You can watch the cows amble through the pasture.
What time should I be there?
The post office is on the other side of the street.
Tom was hiding in the attic.
Give me a kilogram of peaches.
This trash bag does not contain any dangerous chemicals.
No, I am Fang Ning.
Christianity is an Abrahamic religion.
Mary's hands are always as cold as ice.
My family's cat is not afraid of people or insects, but is afraid of chicks.
This house is really beautiful.
You ask the right questions.
How long have you been learning Korean?
I can't see her anywhere.
Are you going to stay the night?
The doctor isn't here yet. Until then, wait here.
I have a bit of a fever, that's why.
Look, there goes a meteor.
At what time should he ring?
At what time should she ring?
You were lucky that time, weren’t you?
You won't be able to hide from the police forever.
Were you always like this?
I wish you a safe journey.
I wasn't expecting you to be here.
We sell flowers and plants.
The guy talking to Mary is Tom.
Don't chatter! I have to study.
They aren't going on holiday to Paraguay.
You were in Berlin.
Are they going to Italy for a holiday?
There's a phone in my room.
This costume really suits you.
Aren't you going on holiday to Rome?
Mary took the banana, peeled it's skin and started to eat it.
I don't ask you for anything.
Kids, we're eating.
Children, we're eating.
We are eating bread.
I walked across the bridge.
Don't ask me about that anymore.
All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.
I like fruit and vegetables from Hungary.
Tom was hiding in the basement.
I tried to find something to defend myself with.
The girl talking to Tom is Mary.
If you keep creeping along like a turtle, we'll never reach the goal.
I kept climbing upwards.
Will it be possible to get there before dark?
Tom swore the drugs weren't his.
We can talk via Skype.
No one knows what the future holds. That's why the possibilities are endless.
How the jet efflux is handled should be taken into consideration when designing the aircraft.
The animals' faeces could be found all over the ground.
This restaurant is quite pricy for what it has to offer.
I was drunk and didn't know what I was doing.
Can I go take a shower?
He is better at math than me.
The warranty lasts five years.
There is a desk in the corner of the room.
How do I make you pay more attention to me?
Where can I buy a map of Boston?
Even if Chinese is hard I must continue studying it.
I wouldn't say that that's absolutely sure.
I don't know how you didn't hear him.
We were getting discouraged.
He is completely crazy.
I'll get two of everything.
He is going to be sentenced to death for sure.
We are waiting for the new coach.
Admit that you just threw away a lot of money.
Was that a compliment?
The boy standing outside the door is my brother.
Because it was raining we gave up on the idea for a walk.
Hurry! The train arrives in just thirty minutes.
If you are tired go to sleep.
He was removed from the team because he was taking drugs.
Lately you just talk nonsense.
Is it very traumatising?
Under the current circumstances we cannot say "no".
I don't like to speak ill of others.
My dream is to study Mandarin Chinese in Beijing.
My dream is to study Mandarin in Beijing.
I think I might need that, but I don't know.
Tom has asked not to be disturbed.
Prison took a heavy toll on her.
I came here to find answers to my questions.
There are about thirty people here.
We couldn't find a place to park near here.
Where can I buy a map of Australia?
Can you see the bridge from where you are?
There were about thirty people there.
There are several churches near my house.
Tom swore that the drugs weren't his.
It's better to be a living ass than a dead doctor.
It is not easy to find time that suits both.
I'm very curious about why that happened.
Tom lives about three hours from here.
I want to learn Greek.
I looked for a piece of paper and a pen.
I've read the book Tom was talking about.
I pulled out my gun and began shooting.
There were about thirty people here earlier.
The dragon escaped.
Maria went to meet a doctor.
The devil escaped.
The demon escaped.
Did you catch a cold?
I haven't read either of these books.
Tom is going to do that unless you stop him.
Could you send the photo that was taken yesterday?
An accident happened in the intersection.
A Vienna schnitzel, please.
I usually get up at 8:00.
I was able to jump across the ditch.
Tom looked outside to see what was going on.
How is your father doing lately?
How is your father doing these days?
This book has a lot of illustrations.
I've already called a taxi for you.
Tom is crazy about music.
Tom looked outside to see what was happening.
My hair has grown.
메리는 비가 오는 것을 좋아한다고 말했어요.
You came at just the right moment.
Tom is the person who actually pulled the trigger.
That's not a horse. It's a donkey.
Tom was supposed to leave for Australia on Monday.
I'd like something cold to drink.
Tom wondered what life would be like in Australia.
I'd be impressed if you did that.
Tom is back home in Boston living with his parents.
I should be able to get that fixed soon.
You are coming at just the right moment.
I should've been more supportive.
Tom is back home living with his parents in Boston.
I should write a song about that.
Tom is from small town about three hours from here.
I heard some kids singing a song.
Tom is the person that actually pulled the trigger.
In the morning, there are a lot of people at the railway station.
A train is coming from the village.
I think that the price is reasonable.
Do you think I should be worried?
Tom looked out the window to see what was going on.
It has been raining heavily for two days.
Petra is a young shop assistant.
I fell in love with Clarie.
I must leave now, but I will come back soon.
You'd probably enjoy doing that.
Tom was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
At ten o'clock in the evening I'm already asleep.
You must have courage for everything in life. Everything on that.
Stop! I can't take it anymore!
She goes to the cinema every Wednesday.
I want orange cotton pants.
When can I come to you?
We're not in any danger, are we?
They don't have to train then.
He can change his opinion.
She can change her opinion.
Are they the same breed?
Tom won't get back to Boston until after Christmas.
In Mr. Kato's class there are forty boys and girls.
Everything is good when it ends good.
Did you watch Tom's new clip?
To travel by train is cheaper, more Eco-friendly, you can meet thousands of people, you can go to the toilet without interrupting your travel, you can stretch or stand up and walk around, you can also mind your own stuff.
She is different from her twin.
What an idiot.
They are students at the Bologna University.
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby.
I was suspecting something similar.
As always, he went to work without shaving.
I'll take two of everything.
Excuse me, could you please show me how to validate my card?
And what did you see?
How much is it going to roughly cost me to get to the airport from here.
We had already decided, right?
With all of the wrong notes he could've played a new concert.
He had died on the spot.
I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.
What do close people call you?
Don't throw away that magazine. I haven't read it yet.
They don't suspect anything.
In China they say that you shouldn't judge a person by their appearance.
I haven't seen this kind of plant before.
They say he was a millionaire.
I'm too lazy to travel.
You can sit in front of or next to Paul.
I won't buy it since it doesn't impress me.
Watch out not to say something stupid.
Despite all of the repairs the machine wouldn't function smoothly.
She is his complete opposite.
The internet connection just stops and then comes back.
We're not accustomed to waiting.
Tom snuck into the kitchen and got something to eat.
How's the bread?
I wanted to leave in the morning.
You've been a great help to us.
It was obvious to everyone Tom didn't want to be there.
Did he buy a lot of presents for his family?
Where did the beautiful girl go?
I wonder if I will see her again.
Let's do it one step at a time.
Tom is out shopping now, but he'll be back around 2:30.
I'm running as fast as I can to catch up with him.
I've decided to study medicine.
Tom should be back from Australia a week from today.
I've read both of these books.
Tom was still in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Sexual violence and mass rape have long been used as a weapon of war. It is not only the victims and survivors who suffer trauma - an entire generation of men, women and children are affected. All too often, the perpetrators remain unpunished.
You need to practice more.
Tom will be back from Australia three weeks from today.
I'm not involved.
Actually, that's not true.
It was obvious to everybody Tom didn't want to be there.
I can't find the lighter.
Actually, that isn't true.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Yiddish in New York.
There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.
It's just started to snow.
It was obvious to everybody that Tom didn't want to be there.
What'll we have to do?
Tom has never worn the socks that I gave him for Christmas.
No one is without fault.
<String key="msgTutorial_02" val="When Rick takes damage, parts of his body are destroyed. The power of the mask will slowly regenerate those lost body parts."/>
What'll I have to do?
Tom is planning to stay at a hotel not too far from the airport.
I didn't hear a sound.
I think what Tom is doing is probably not a good thing to be doing.
Do you ever call them?
Do you ever call him?
Do you ever call her?
They gave me a lift, which saved me a lot of time.
This is a little dirty.
No man is free from sin.
Tom lives less than thirty minutes away from where he works.
I'll do what I think is right.
Tom didn't do exactly what he said he was going to do.
We need to talk, Tom.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching soccer, haha.
My dream is to study Bengali in Kolkata.
My dream is to study Bengali in Dhaka.
The cat warms my feet.
I'm going to graduate this year.
I've met Tom's sister, but I haven't met his brothers.
My dream is to study Sinhala in Kotte.
My dream is to study Thai in Bangkok.
My dream is to study Bangla in Kolkata.
My dream is to study Bangla in Dhaka.
My dream is to study Uyghur in Ürümqi.
My dream is to study Kurdish in Amed.
We each paid five thousand.
Fate is sometimes cruel.
Would you like a bag?
Don't overthink it!
Watch out not to wake up Tom.
My dream is to study Tibetan in Lhasa.
They go and search for food in the garbage.
He runs fast!
My dream is to study Shanghainese in Shanghai.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Hong Kong.
Have our guests from England arrived yet?
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysore.
My dream is to study Malayalam in Thiruvananthapuram.
The Milky Way is a very big belt of far away stars just like our Sun.
My dream is to study Tamil in Chennai.
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysuru.
I'm happy that I'm not the only one who thinks that.
And most importantly, you must help each other.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Guangzhou.
Good job! You just ruined the flash drive.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bengaluru.
My dream is to study Hindi in Delhi.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bangalore.
I'm worried that it will rain tomorrow.
His joke made the whole class burst out laughing.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Canton.
She had triplets.
I hope you will like the wine.
Good evening Chicago.
My dream is to study Telugu in Hyderabad.
I feel good after the exercises.
I avoid traveling with the coach.
My dream is to study Vietnamese in Hanoi.
From the distance the howl of a dog could be heard.
We saw the twins yesterday.
My name is Stanislava but my friends and family call me Stacy.
Everything is ruled by money in this world.
I love stuffed toys.
Now this is something else!
My dream is to study Ladino in Istanbul.
Don't try to get in before the others have gotten out.
My dream is to study Ladino in Jerusalem.
You could've said a hi.
It's hard for me to deal with everything by myself.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Montreal.
This banknote is dirty, I don't want it.
My dream is to study French in Montreal.
I'm lost. Can you help me?
Do honourable people scare the others?
I'm on it right away!
It didn't let me open this video.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Kraków.
People can be happy only if happiness isn't their goal in life.
I haven't heard anything from her yet.
This skirt suits you.
Don't eat too much!
My dream is to study Burmese in Yangon.
Where can I buy tickets for the metro?
I've been arrested several times.
His hair is long.
You never make your bed.
You could've greeted me!
Humans are social animals.
Help us keep it that way.
What has be done until now?
Tom is doing something he isn't supposed to be doing.
My dream is to study Argentinian Spanish in Berlin.
My dream is to study British English in New York.
My dream is to study Australian English in Vienna.
My dream is to study Austrian German in Sydney.
My dream is to study Yakut in Yakutsk.
My dream is to study English in British Columbia.
My dream is to study Klingon on Kronos.
Enter the club.
My dream is to study Klingon on Qo'noS.
You don't have a kitten?
God only knows.
My dream is to study French in Geneva.
How about a little coffee?
I don't understand the reason.
I write kanji.
There are people at school.
My dream is to study Portuguese in Brasília.
The teacher doesn't teach.
I'll be late by ten more minutes.
My dream is to study Quenya in Tirion.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Rivendell.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Lothlórien.
My dream is to study Quenya in Alqualondë.
I'm not cm.
I'm aware of such things.
Out of my control.
I've been sleeping in the garage.
Tom is going to be thirty years old in three months.
My dream is to study English in Vancouver.
My dream is to study Taiwanese Mandarin in Taipei.
My dream is to study Korean in Pyongyang.
I'm going to burn all these books.
Tom finally finished doing that yesterday evening.
My dream is to study Taiwanese Hokkien in Taipei.
My dream is to study Taiwanese in Taipei.
My dream is to study Atayal in Wulai.
I've been trying hard to be quiet.
I can imagine!
Good day Miss!
I took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
I would like to reserve a seat.
My goal is to write a villanelle and unclog my right ear.
Perforate your ticket.
I've agreed to go on a date with Tom's sister.
He spent his time writing books and when he lacked motivation he read.
You are driving to London.
Manga illustrations are pretty.
"Enjoy your meal!" "You too!"
I'll think about this.
Is it a new kind?
There is a white pigeon on the roof.
I disagree. I don't think the usage of the word "race" is racist.
The bee is buzzing.
The suspect had to place all of his possessions on the table.
He always eats breakfast alone.
I stopped speaking with Tom three weeks ago.
This dog tired to bite my arm.
I don't know how to take this. As a compliment or as an insult.
We can pass without this.
We can pass without her.
I won't forget to inform you on the development of the process.
Don't count me!
We won't succeed tonight.
I have put on my suit the wrong way.
Everyone is holding onto their chair.
It's important that you answer.
The driver didn't have any tickets.
We are the race that deserves to die!
She was talking the whole time.
Ivan comes home last every night.
I want to sit at the front rows.
Send it to my e-mail.
There are only five minutes left. Hurry up or we'll be late.
After so many years it's almost impossible to recognise him.
I want to give up on you.
It's is impossible to satisfy everyone.
Did you turn off the TV?
Do you think that this dog is smart?
My grandmother doesn't drink water.
Can I use your cellphone?
The child playing the piano is my daughter.
They don't like this book.
I would prefer the second.
There are over fifty thousand volumes in this library.
Let's go back and tell him goodbye.
This is a book about the Baroque.
Excuse me, are you getting off?
It's very hard for me to believe this.
We've been doing this long enough.
I've been teaching French for over years.
I found that somewhat embarrassing.
I think you can talk Tom out of doing that.
Dreams are free.
I need to work an extra shift today.
I've been single for the last three years.
I've been working there for a while.
I've been taking good care of Tom's dog.
I was tired so I went straight to bed.
The Lord Gro covered his face with his mantle and wept to hear and behold the divine Pavane; for as ghosts rearisen it raised up for him old happy half-forgotten days in Goblinland, before he had conspired against King Gaslark and been driven forth from his dear native land, an exile in waterish Witchland.
Lord Juss sat in the high seat midmost of the dais, with Goldry on his right in the seat of black opal, and on his left Spitfire, throned on the alexandrite. On the dais sat likewise those other lords of Demonland, and the guests of lower degree thronged the benches and the polished tables as the wide doors opened on their silver hinges, and the Ambassador with pomp and ceremony paced up the shining floor of marble and green tourmaline.
So they took their seats, and supper was set before them: kids stuffed with walnuts and almonds and pistachios; herons in sauce cameline; chines of beef; geese and bustards; and great beakers and jars of ruby-hearted wine. Right fain of the good banquet were Corinius and his folk, and silence was in the hall for awhile save for the clatter of dishes and the champing of the mouths of the feasters.
I remember my mother spanking me a lot.
I've been in Australia for a long time.
Private browsing is an essential option for browsers.
Private browsing is only one part of defending against malicious privacy-invading websites.
The international proletariat must actively fight to abolish police forces.
Windows is a widely-used tracker.
Google is an enormous tracker.
The worst tracker is the kind that is considered normal.
Personal information is best protected when it is not shared.
Whew! This hill is difficult. But going back will be easy.
I’m dying of back pain.
When you come to Rio, I will show you the whole city.
I want to learn as many languages as possible.
There's no running water.
It’s a huge pleasure for me to be here with all of you.
You are adorable!
You're adorable!
I think that doing that would be wrong.
I wasn't the one who killed Tom's dog.
I was tired and had nothing else to do.
I thought that Tom knew that already.
I fixed something to eat.
There's a bit of truth in what he's saying.
My dream is to study Guarani in Asunción.
I heard a French cover of this song.
How many nephews do you have, if I may ask?
I have five hundred fifty-five dollars yet.
The symbol "&" means "and".
I've been dealing with this for months.
I'm very happy to be here in Boston.
I'd buy you lunch if I had enough money.
I'm not going to pay Tom to do that.
I'll be in and out of my office all day.
I think you can talk Tom out of it.
I may be the only person who can do this.
I saw Tom downtown this afternoon.
I'm not trying to pull a fast one on you.
I think that you're in Tom's way.
I've been thinking about shaving my head.
I'm not Tom's mom. I'm his aunt.
I always tell my students to study harder.
I'll pay Tom tomorrow afternoon.
I take full responsibility for my actions.
I thought Tom knew that already.
I told the man behind the counter my name.
I bought Tom a couple of drinks.
I like this Pokémon.
I'm sure that I no longer need to do that.
I've never ridden Tom's horse.
A new Chinese restaurant was opened on the corner.
Which came first - the egg or the chicken?
He has very thin lips.
I live in a very convenient spot. It's not far away from the stores and I can go shopping every day.
Laziness is what drives progress.
Well I don't know.
If you want to become stronger eat spinach.
Please don't interrupt!
I've been doing this for a very long time.
Martina really loved dolls.
Sorry for my bad behaviour.
I don't need a textbook on Bulgarian language.
What terminal does this bus go through?
I gave Tom a bowl of hot soup.
What do they want from her?
Should I send it to your email?
He was bitten on the neck but no one noticed.
I need the Bulgarian textbook did you bring it?
He was running so fast he ran out of breath.
I'm going out to see Ana soon.
It's important to keep training.
The entry of vehicles should be allowed.
Will you help me set the table?
Send it to my email.
As usual being late by fifteen minutes, Marco hurriedly entered the office.
The rabbit is screaming.
He refused to consider my offer.
I tried to open the door, but it was locked.
Have you seen Tom's new tattoo?
I've been dealing with this for a long time.
I think you're in Tom's way.
I've been looking for a job for a long time.
I hung out with Tom all day.
Why are you telling this joke?
I don't think we'll have a problem with that.
Tom clamped his mouth shut.
What are you waiting for? Write to her!
I've never written this kind of essay before.
I did what Tom said I did.
The coffee is sweet.
This is the first time I've ever been arrested.
I've been protecting Tom.
I think that it's strange.
I only got paid a few dollars an hour at first.
I lent Tom some books.
I lent some books to Tom.
Do you remember the first time you were arrested?
That wasn't the first time that Tom got arrested.
Has anyone in your family ever been arrrested?
The police arrested everyone at the party.
The police plan to arrest Tom.
I was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
I got arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
I was shocked when I learned that Tom got arrested.
The police have arrested Tom several times.
I'll get arrested.
I fled to Australia to avoid arrest.
I fled to Australia to avoid getting arrested.
I left Australia to avoid getting arrested.
I was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon.
I was arrested and handcuffed.
My kidnappers were never arrested.
I was arrested soon after that.
I was arrested and extradited to Australia.
I got arrested and spent the night in jail.
I was arrested and spent the night in jail.
Tom was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
I wish that I had more time to do things like this.
I got Tom's message.
I wish that I had had more time to help you.
I shaved my head.
I don't know why Tom does things like that.
It won't be long before I come back.
It's no good talking about it.
Kid, let's go with Dad to the rice field!
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
It's the oldest wooden building in existence.
Lately, my laptop keeps getting errors and I don't know the cause.
It's a disease that can't be prevented.
I washed my face.
Tom tried to get everyone out of the room.
My laptop keeps crashing on me.
I'm awfully lazy.
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's fun to play cards.
Tom doesn't know how much I spent on this.
Because of a young Brazilian woman, Stephen started learning Portuguese.
Behind that door is a stable.
I managed to get on the last train.
Is the universe infinite? We don't know.
You hugged me.
Tom tried to get everybody out of the room.
And that's why I'm writing to you.
And that's why I'm writing you.
She is constantly getting lost.
My mother told me not to study so much.
There are wisterias along the garden path.
The stable is next to the saloon.
The stable is next to the hotel.
Tom put the horse in the stable.
Tom led his horse out of the stable.
It's so puzzling.
I had no difficulty following Tom's trail.
Running into you was inevitable.
I got off my horse.
Tom knew that nobody lived on the island.
Where are my notebooks?
I like black coffee.
I like my coffee black.
I need this pencil.
I never cut corners.
There are wisteria along the garden path.
Tom knew that no one lived on the island.
Do you know this one?
Tom fell off his horse and broke his arm.
Tom tried to get everyone out of their rooms.
Do you love learning French?
I wish I were studying Klingon on Kronos.
I didn't really know.
Tom knows that tomorrow may be very hot.
I believe that she is at the hospital.
You need to trust me.
I am a beginner in Russian.
I won't do that even if Tom asks me to.
I don't like it a bit.
I always turn off the light when I leave a room.
I slept in Tom's bed while he was away.
They were saying something in Japanese.
I knew this was wrong.
I don't yet have three hundred dollars.
I know this area well.
Tom didn't understand what Mary meant.
That I know for certain.
I saw Tom doing that just a while ago.
Esther is adorkable.
That's a very bad habit.
After work, Tom went home to his wife.
This boy is my grandson's son and my son's grandson. He is, therefore, my great-grandson.
I don't know how it's spelled.
The kittens are getting big.
Tom would know the right thing to do.
I hope it will rain tomorrow.
I know you have a secret.
I think that I should call Tom first.
I want to go there alone.
Tom knew nobody lived on the island.
I want to go to the lake.
Tom knew no one lived on the island.
You don't like anything.
I wonder how it was done.
Are you still with us, Tom?
I'll take a nap, I guess.
I showed Tom the sketches I'd made.
I would like to know how to play the piano.
No one knew it was there.
I'm never going to trust Tom again.
Nobody knew it was there.
I want to go to the dance with Tom.
We don't know the reason.
I still have three hundred dollars.
Everyone is in a bad mood.
I saw Tom's reaction in the mirror.
Experts don't really know.
I think that it is too big.
Is there anything to eat in the fridge?
Tom's hair used to be much longer.
I’m not going to stir.
They are sitting.
He wasn't embarrassed.
She wasn't embarrassed.
First I take the bus, then I take the subway.
I don't want to leave now.
Tom didn't know much about Boston.
Who won the match?
I didn't visit Russia.
I didn't visit Argentina.
I am not worthy of this.
I’m in China.
We didn't visit Malta.
There are deep holes on the walls.
There's an end to everything.
You aren't a hero.
I know this story is true.
I sent a picture of my dog to Tom.
Tonight let's have a girls night.
The dog chased me.
She was right.
They were traveling.
You've got fat.
I don't see.
You're recovering.
We're returning.
I want to go to the party.
Don't let go!
We greeted each other.
I gave Tom the money he asked for.
If anything happens you must inform me.
Do they need to finish?
The old friends hugged each other.
I don't like to take this street.
I'll call them tomorrow when I get home.
What do you work?
Stop drinking so much! You are making a fool of yourself.
This city is very modern but it lacks vegetation.
It feels a little simplified to me.
Did you realise that something was missing at the last moment?
Both of them have three kids.
Call me to tell me what you've learned.
Which will you choose between this and that?
He will never hang up!
Oh! I know that guy.
Eleni is a teacher.
Is it comfortable like this?
You'll have to apologise to him whenever you see him.
What do you think about the t-shirts on this page?
I'll go crazy if this continues.
I'm waiting for the bus to go.
It cost me fifty dollars to fix the watch.
War always brings misfortune.
Should we go out tonight?
John was speaking so loudly I could hear him even from the second floor.
His daughter is very cute.
I told them that I wouldn't go there.
I don't know how to explain it to you.
Someone stole my camera.
He used the umbrella to defend himself.
He's throwing everything away.
Don't act dumb!
We're really done!
He's taking a shower right now.
"Ivan, what's your nickname?" "Vanka, but I prefer to be called Ivan."
The celebrity was sitting in the back of the limousine.
This bridge can't support more than ten tons at once.
I scare women.
They need to close.
Please come to this register.
I have a lot of fun at lectures.
It's important you answer.
Don't think about him, he'll manage.
Here is their card.
Hello teacher!
He's coming for help.
Thank you, this is all.
Drink one for me!
Sunlight flooded the room.
Tom put his things down and left.
It cannot stay like this.
I cannot live far from the ocean.
Everybody is in a bad mood.
Tom knows how to do that already.
He finally slept with her.
She finally slept with him.
I would never sleep with her.
She was considering leaving him.
I would like to sleep with her.
I think that I am too old for her.
She told me that I was too old for her.
I fixed us something to eat.
Tom knew why he had been invited.
I know a little about that.
Tom knew he only had a little time.
I walked back to my office.
I think that I'll call Tom first.
How do you know what's right?
Tom knew that meant a lot to me.
I want to go to school today.
Tom knew his life was in danger.
They don't know my real name.
Tom already knew how to do that.
We know what was agreed upon.
I tasted the stew that Tom made.
Speech is the garment of thought, and expression is thought's armor.
You know, that's interesting.
Tom doesn't yet know how to do that.
This tree is remarkable!
I nodded my head in agreement.
Tom doesn't know how to do that yet.
Hitch the dumpcart to my nag!
I understand why you did that.
I want to go to lunch with Tom.
Hitch the dumpcart to my old, worthless horse!
I want to go to bed right now.
I tried the stew that Tom made.
He received a cartload of offences.
I wish I could do this faster.
I sent Tom a picture of my dog.
No one knew why this happened.
I saw Tom's reflection in the window.
No one knows why this happens.
I poured Tom a shot of tequila.
Nobody knew why this happened.
I gave Tom the money he wanted.
Nobody knows why this happens.
Tom knew what he wanted to do.
I needed the money desperately.
Tom knew how to do everything.
I want to go to lunch with you.
I saw Tom at church last week.
I don't want to go there at all.
I offered Tom a cup of coffee.
We're eating bread.
We're going to be eating together this evening.
I don't really know what that is.
We have no choice but to eat this moldy bread.
I took Tom to Boston with me.
I don't sleep very well at night.
I paid thirty bucks for this.
I don't want to do that at night.
I handed the document to Tom.
I don't want to tell you my name.
Tom looks down on everybody.
I often wonder if I could do that.
I was here with Tom all day.
I want to go to the lake with you.
I want to go to Tom's party.
You don't seem to be very relaxed.
I took some pictures of Tom.
You don't seem to care about that.
I left Tom's office at 2:30.
You don't seem to do that anymore.
Are you, by any chance, Tom?
Mary woke up knowing the perfect translation for the sentence she had been pondering the previous evening.
The theory of plate tectonics in geology explains the phenomenon of continental drift.
After more than eighty years and many failed attempts, the first truly successful German translation of the text is available.
No one could follow the professor's explanation.
They asked Tom to help them renovate the house.
They asked Tom to help them get the house into shape.
Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened. When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.
A hat graced her head.
Her head was adorned with a hat.
Her head was graced by a hat.
Her bag was very light.
The situation is very complex.
They glared at each other for a second.
They stared at each other for a second.
The candles shone brightly.
The candles were shining brightly.
That's by far the most interesting thing about his novel.
That's the most interesting thing about his novel by a long chalk.
The snowfall's becoming heavier.
It's snowing harder.
It's snowing heavier.
The snow's getting harder.
The snow's becoming heavier.
The snow's getting heavier.
You don't seem to want to be here.
We don't know how Tom died.
He's switched the telly on.
He switched on the telly.
He's switched the television on.
He switched on the television.
You don't seem to want us here.
They wouldn't agree.
You wouldn't agree.
She wouldn't agree.
He wouldn't agree.
They've taken a day off.
They took a day off.
You've taken a day off.
She's taken a day off.
She took a day off.
You don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
They don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
He doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
An oppressive silence suddenly descended.
They were sacked.
They were made redundant.
They were laid off.
They were discharged.
You were sacked.
You were made redundant.
You were laid off.
You were discharged.
Tom switched the TV on.
She was sacked.
She was made redundant.
She was laid off.
She was discharged.
You're as tall as your father.
You're going to lose the game.
You're about to lose the game.
They've been talking on the phone for an hour.
She's been talking on the phone for an hour.
He's been talking on the phone for an hour.
You've been talking on the phone for an hour.
You kept your balance.
You were exhausted.
You were shattered.
You were knackered.
You were worn out.
You became pregnant.
You were teaching.
You taught history.
You were teaching history.
You were counting on your brother.
You counted on your brother.
Can someone translate this letter into German?
Mary finished with Tom, not the other way round.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood.
Tom doesn't how to do that.
What did you write to Tom about in your last letter?
I don't know why we should do this.
I've never spoken with Tom.
I immediately knew I was in danger.
Tom has been away all day.
Let us know what's going to happen.
I'm going to see Tom soon.
You don't seem to be concentrating.
I showed Tom my paintings.
You don't seem to be very friendly.
I saw Tom on campus today.
My dream is to study Tagalog in Manila.
My dream is to study Azeri in Baku.
My dream is to study Bisaya in Cebu.
My dream is to study Uzbek in Samarqand.
My dream is to study Russian in Tashkent.
My dream is to study Turkmen in Ashgabat.
What has she done until now?
Most importantly, you have to help each other.
Often people don't know how to type "ѝ" and instead they write "й".
I'll need a pointer for the presentation.
I need to start going to private math lessons.
With this kind of friends you don't need enemies.
Everybody seems to be in a bad mood.
Excuse me, does the stop here?
You are making a mistake by hanging up!
We're not here!
Come on now, get out of here!
Give me, I'll do it!
I handed Tom the document.
Taking both alcohol and drugs simultaneously can lead to big changes in one's psyche.
Our geography teacher always enters the classroom with a map and a pointer.
I don't know how I survived.
That's a Japanese doll.
Reaching professional play in a video game is just as hard as reaching it in any sport.
I always lock the door when I leave.
There are rumours that you are coming back.
Isn't your skirt way too short?
The warranty is two months.
I don't want to scare Tom.
I miss you. I haven't seen you in a week.
Is it your first time doing something like this?
Whatever you do it'll end the same way.
I'm cleaning up my sister's room.
Cuba is in Central America.
My uncle's son is my cousin.
Hello. Do you have any free double rooms?
I wish I had your energy - but for peaceful purposes.
But when will it happen to me?
I would like to go there right now.
I need a textbook on Bulgarian language.
How many terminals does the airport have?
I always train.
I immediately knew I was in trouble.
My dream is to study Qirgiz in Bishkek.
Did you know Tom's mother?
My dream is to study Tajiki in Dushanbe.
My dream is to study Dari in Kabul.
My dream is to study Farsi in Jahrom.
My dream is to study Balochi in Quetta.
My dream is to study Pashto in Karachi.
You didn't seem to be very friendly.
Tom and I have separated.
You shouldn't trust people too much.
I helped Tom get dressed.
My dream is to study Dargwa in Makhachkala.
My dream is to study Armenian in Yerevan.
My dream is to study Georgian in Tbilisi.
My dream is to study Chechen in Grozny.
My dream is to study Cherkess in Cherkessk.
My dream is to study Crimean Tatar in Feodosia.
My dream is to study Moldovan in Moldova.
I just know it's not going to happen.
I've brought Tom a gift.
My dream is to study Serbian in Belgrade.
My dream is to study Albanian in Tirana.
My dream is to study Modern Greek in Athens.
My dream is to study Polish in Warsaw.
My dream is to study Slovak in Bratislava.
My dream is to study Slovene in Ljubljana.
I tell my students that all the time.
I mailed a check to Tom.
The kitten didn't move a muscle.
My dream is to study Maltese in Valletta.
My dream is to study Catalan in Formentera.
It's difficult for her to speak Japanese.
I'm sorry you think this way.
One friend is better than ten relatives.
I think that number should be 30,000.
I don't blame Tom a bit.
My dream is to study Basque in Bilbao.
For the time being, let's not do that.
Tom didn't know either.
I hope she comes to the party.
I've spent hours in trying to do that.
I showed a video to Tom.
My dream is to study Tatar in Kazan.
We left before they knew we were there.
Many of you know Tom.
I wonder how it was done and who did it.
I told Tom the story.
It's something that really surprises me.
I thought Tom did it.
You don't agree with me?
No one knows why the windshield cracked.
I sold Tom a T-shirt.
Nobody knows why the windshield cracked.
I showed Tom a video.
If you're not happy, it's the same price.
Personally, I disagree with those ideas.
Tom doesn't want to miss any more actions.
I saw Tom on the bus.
He left the hospital an hour ago.
I don't want to tell you my phone number.
I offered Tom a ride.
I find I get pretty tired when I do that.
I met Tom in college.
No one knows when that's going to happen.
I mailed Tom a check.
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you. All you can do is be someone who can be loved. The rest is up to them. I learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back. And it's not the end of the world. I've learned that it takes years to build up trust and only seconds to destroy it. That it's not what you have in your life but who you have in your life that counts.
Nobody knows how far we'll be able to go.
I hurt Tom's feelings.
Do you like this type of book?
We all knew gold was heavier than silver.
I gave Tom some cash.
Tell Tom I'll be late.
Tell Tom I'm going to be late.
Please tell Tom I'm going to be a few minutes late.
Please tell Tom I'll be a few minutes late.
Could you please tell Tom I'll be about ten minutes late?
Tom doesn't deserve Mary.
Mary doesn't deserve Tom.
Mary is out of Tom's league.
Mary's out of Tom's league.
You know what the situation is, don't you?
I gave Tom my number.
I was there the year of the big earthquake.
I gave Tom a warning.
Please don't interrupt me when I'm talking.
I couldn't reach Tom.
I don't believe such compromise is possible.
I'll call Tom first.
"Cultural Marxism" is an antisemitic dog whistle.
"All lives matter" is a white supremacist dog whistle.
Nazis often use dog whistles in the hopes that they will generate outrage, and use this outrage to further their propaganda.
Dog-whistle politics were employed extensively by Richard Nixon as part of what became known as the Southern Strategy.
"Low-IQ" is one of Donald Trump's favorite dog whistles.
It would be a shame to break down this door.
You cannot take a sentence in one language and translate it into another, word for word. Languages don't work like that.
I wrote Tom a check.
Donald Trump is not shy about using a plethora of antisemitic dog whistles on any Jew who publicly criticizes him.
There is a strange-looking mark on the wall.
I went to visit Tom.
It's very exhausting work.
Can you describe the back of your hand to me?
I wanted to hit Tom.
I crossed the room and looked out the window.
I want to scare Tom.
I slapped Tom again.
My dream is to study Estonian in Tallinn.
My dream is to study Latvian in Riga.
My dream is to study Lithuanian in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Icelandic in Reykjavík.
I suppose you could do that if you wanted to.
I saw Tom at church.
I would give anything to be able to be there.
I read Tom's letter.
I'll try to explain both sides of this issue.
I ran away from Tom.
I wonder how they did it and who's behind it.
I'll offer you my protection as long as I can.
I needed to see Tom.
My dream is to study Russian in Bishkek.
Nobody knew why that had happened.
If we hadn't done that, someone else would've.
I needed Tom's help.
Everyone was in a bad mood.
We all knew that gold was heavier than silver.
I liked Tom's video.
My dream is to study Hungarian in Szeged.
Nursery rhymes are deliberately inconsistent texts.
I don't want anybody in my room while I'm away.
I gave Tom a cookie.
I felt something important was going to happen.
I didn't sit by Tom.
The year went by quickly.
As a student he wrote poems.
Do you like living in this country?
As a student, I became interested in oriental languages.
I went up to my room and looked out the window.
I'm not Tom's wife.
She's spending too much time in front of the computer.
If we hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
I used to date Tom.
I looked out the window and didn't see anything.
I stood up for Tom.
I went inside the house and talked to the owner.
I sent Tom a video.
I've been trying to do what you've asked me to do.
I rode Tom's horse.
There's no reasoning with them.
I didn't even think about what to do. I just acted.
I paid Tom in cash.
With all due respect, that's a bunch of malarkey!
I've been a stamp collector ever since I was a kid.
I loved Tom's poem.
My dream is to study Ancient Greek in Athens.
My dream is to study Aeolic Greek on Lesbos.
I sat there for a short time, too surprised to move.
I like Tom's smile.
I'm not Tom's husband.
I'm not Mary's wife.
I'm Tom's husband.
I'm Mary's wife.
I'm Tom's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
I'm Mary's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
I tried to open the door, but couldn't get it opened.
I know Tom's voice.
We took long walks along the beach in the moonlight.
I've been complaining about that, but nothing has changed.
I gave Tom a shirt.
I didn't want to go to kindergarten, but my mother made me.
I flirted with Tom.
I don't want to take the garbage out.
I don't want to wash the dishes.
I don't want to do the dishes.
I've been in and out of the hospital for the past few years.
Tom says he's an anarchist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom says he's a communist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom can quote every page of The Conquest of Bread, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom won't know me.
A baby fox is called a kit.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
I see you drank the open-source Kool-Aid.
I want to make something similar to Kool-Aid but open-source, like Open Cola, so people can literally drink the open-source Kool-Aid.
I looked out the window and didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
I got Tom a taxi.
Reality is complicated.
Science is counterintuitive.
Shitposting is not revolutionary.
Shitposting is not a revolution.
I think I'm too old for her.
She told me I was too old for her.
Lift your head up.
Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.
I don't come here often.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than the teacher.
Consider this an order.
I don't cook very often.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher.
Let's end this unpleasant conversation.
I don't have a shirt on.
Tom has been renting this apartment, but he doesn't live here.
I don't want to keep it.
I know Tom would think doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I won't cut any corners.
There's only one person who can do that, and that's Tom.
I'm always getting lost.
I know very little about the the history of Boston.
I don't have to help you.
I don't know how long Tom is going to stay with us.
I won't pay you anything.
Tom knew many of the carpenters who worked there.
Somebody stole my camera.
If it's not raining, Tom usually walks to school.
I don't want to sell this.
I sent Tom an e-mail, asking him what he thought.
I've met your kind before.
Tom knew that Mary had gone to a private school.
No one knows who did that.
Tom doesn't know how much money I spent on this.
There were a lot of people at the train station this morning.
I wonder why so many people were in the park this afternoon.
I'm constantly getting lost.
Everyone looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
Everybody looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
I don't care if I win or not.
Tom doesn't know how much time I spent on this.
The stable is next to the station.
I really want to go with you.
You don't seem to understand French very well.
Tom didn't have an accomplice.
Do you know what a sprocket is?
Tom already knows you aren't going to do that.
How did you know that was true?
I think that number should be thirty thousand.
I'd like to eat lunch with you.
I really was hoping Tom would be here tonight.
I don't cook very often anymore.
I asked Tom what was wrong, but he ignored me.
How did you know that wasn't true?
Tom's wife often complains about his snoring.
I don't read magazines very often.
Tom wanted to know exactly why that happened.
There was nothing Tom could've done about it.
Everyone knew it would be dangerous.
I wonder if there's something wrong with Tom.
I need to know who gave this to you.
I sent Tom to Boston to get something for me.
Everybody knew it would be dangerous.
Tom should know the answer to that question.
I don't come here very often anymore.
I think Tom would follow any command I gave.
I don't cook on Mondays. My son does.
Tom wanted to know exactly why we did that.
You can't leave us here by ourselves.
I really want to go swimming with you.
Tom knew Mary had gone to a private school.
Don't look down!
You know what fast food is, don't you?
I didn't know what Tom would be able to do.
Tomorrow is my first day at my new job.
Are you kidding and not speaking in earnest?
Hitler was one of the most infamous dictators.
Necessity even emboldens the timid.
Let it stop!
Free cheese can only be found inside a trap.
How many children will be at the party?
He hastily shoved his legs into his pant legs and ran away barefoot.
The essence of romanticism is uncertainty.
What parts of the city have to be visited?
Your job is to learn diligently.
Do Palestinians have the right to freely move around their own country?
I woke up very early this morning.
The calculation of expenses was too optimistic.
It's been a long time since I worked out.
The calculations of expenses had been too optimistic.
Free cheese is likely to be bait.
Necessity even hardens the timid.
How will we know if we've done it right?
I told Tom that I wouldn't go there.
I'm not Mary's husband.
I don't know how much time that's going to take.
Does Tom really plan to go with you?
I know about how much time that's going to take.
No one knows what happened to Tom.
We traveled by plane.
I know about how much time it'll take to do that.
I knew Tom would be gone all day.
What's the daily tariff.
He's like his twin brother.
I don't like melodramas.
There are a lot of hills in this region.
Is that the only thing I'm missing?
I'm waiting patiently.
I didn't know what Tom could do.
Is there something else you would like me to bring you?
I don't know how to say it in Italian.
He has to feed his family.
Is there a smaller size?
It's enough to want to experiment.
On Monday I want you to go training.
Unfortunately I'm forced to do it regardless of whether I like it or not.
They broke my soul.
She does very sharp turns.
You always go out without saying goodbye!
He couldn't find a job.
My pleasure, Tom.
Is she coming to the celebration?
I hadn't perforated my ticket.
He didn't want to admit it.
The fact that you were lying was written all over your face.
It went perfectly.
I'm happy I'm not the only one.
The new houses are the same height.
There's too much traffic here.
I don't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for you.
Tom knows a lot about machines.
This place is wonderful.
I think we can find someone willing to do that for you.
Tom knew that he had no choice.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for you.
I told Tom I wouldn't go there.
We went to some incredible places.
I don't floss my teeth as often as my dentist says I should.
We didn't treat Tom well.
Where did you stop?
I don't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for you.
I don't think Tom snores.
Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.
Tom told me I was too old for him.
Nobody has managed to survive.
Nobody is saying anything?
Many people who have diabetes don't know they have it.
I was married to Tom for three years.
People may not even know that they have the disease.
There are no bad cats, only bad owners.
There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
Tom doesn't know his classmates well.
"I don't think I'm wrong about this." "I'm sorry, but you are wrong."
Free the police dogs!
Initially my mother tried to help me but soon she gave up.
That's a heckin' good pupper you got there.
I won't lend money to anybody.
We know very little about what actually happened.
Tom knew the trip would be dangerous.
That's implicit. You don't need to state it explicitly.
Europa is one of the satellites of Jupiter.
You don't seem to like doing this very much.
Tom knows that Mary is extremely tired.
What kind of cell phone do you have?
Why didn't I get anything?
I'm driving slowly because we want to see the animals.
Am I reading this word correctly?
We've left.
Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.
I called my friends.
I immediately knew that there was a problem.
During the First World War, she was a Sister of Mercy.
Don't kiss me!
Tom told me that I was too old for him.
You and I are in shape.
I can hear Mary talking on the phone in the next room.
Do you want a glass? There's one on the table.
Could you translate it for me?
The car is his.
His new novel will come out in a month.
The socks are on sale.
Tom wants Mary to be careful.
I don't know what his real intentions were.
I'm wearing my jacket.
The U.S. Congress and Supreme Court want to prevent him from acquiring too many powers for himself.
Eight plus ten makes eighteen.
Is there ketchup?
I'm asking you to help me with it.
It rained the entire trip.
You don't seem to like this very much.
Olia is going to the doctor.
I was alone with Tom for most of the day.
Drink your tea or it will get cold.
I've passed the exam.
I've passed the test.
Fortunately, it isn't serious.
Nobody knows who fired the first shot.
You don't seem to like it here in Boston.
No one knows who fired the first shot.
I went to Tom's room to see what he was doing.
Today, we know that this isn't true.
Tom knew that the trip would be dangerous.
Soon everyone will know you're here.
I wanted to tell Tom about what had happened.
Not too many people knew about that.
I went to Tom's room to see if he was asleep.
My old friend is sick.
You're not a student here, are you?
I was staring at Tom and he was staring at me.
You're not retired yet, are you?
I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.
I know nothing about witchcraft.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher did.
Rastgelelik Search Engine provides us many option to search a word and result.
What situation did you imagine, in which someone would say that?
She asked you to search.
Do you have any famous friends?
After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.
I totalled my car.
Tom soon discovered that he could speak French better than his French teacher.
You were supposed to be home long ago.
You should have been home long ago.
You must have been home for a while now.
These activities are interesting but dangerous.
Some sheep crossed the road.
I am evil.
I am wicked.
You are wicked.
Yankev is an observant Jew.
Esther is an observant Jew.
He is fed up.
It started to rain when we were changing the car tire.
I'm evil.
I'm wicked.
I'm not good for you.
I'd like to have lunch with you.
It's been almost three years since that happened.
I went to Tom's room to find out what he was doing.
The police have been searching Tom's house for three hours, but they haven't found anything yet.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
We don't know what caused it.
No one really knows where Tom Jackson was born.
Many people said they didn't know that.
No one knows exactly when Tom Jackson was born.
No one knows what caused that to happen.
I didn't know what Tom wanted done.
Do we have any ketchup?
Is there any ketchup left?
Please pass the ketchup.
We know that two heads are better than one.
Many people said that they didn't know that.
I don't know what Tom wants done.
I saw Tom in church.
Everyone knows that two heads are better than one.
Did you know what Tom was doing?
We don't yet know how many people died in the accident.
I knew what Tom wanted done.
How do you find that wine?
You aren't, by any chance, Tom, are you?
He wrote the book himself.
Is he going to the supermarket?
Not talking about something doesn't make it any less the case.
I don't have much time for lunch.
Of course it's true.
Are you sitting now?
Many people seem to be interested in knowing the answer to that question.
I know what Tom wants done.
One day humanity will pay for trying to conquer the strength of God.
Nobody can go there without our permission.
I knew how Tom felt.
No one really knows if that was the reason.
I took that from Tom.
No one knows for sure where this all began.
I tried to shoot Tom.
No one can go there without our permission.
I turned towards Tom.
I know for many people this is a big issue.
I wanted to hire Tom.
We didn't really know why until recently.
I wanted to tell Tom.
Nobody can enter without our permission.
I was alone with Tom.
No one can enter without our permission.
I was upset with Tom.
Most of us didn't know that at the time.
I went to Tom's room.
I'm sorry, but I can't do that for you.
I'll do this for Tom.
I will overthrow the dictator.
I think customers are basically selfish but if it (their selfishness)continues then it is unbearable.
The city of Singapore is the capital of the Republic of Singapore.
I bought Tom some balloons.
I bought some balloons for Tom.
Many people go to church on Christmas.
I'll drive Tom there.
Do you have any questions regarding today`s lesson?
Be sweaty
What a sad state!
Luck favours to those who show merit
Many people don't know how to do that.
A woman’s heart is as easy to change as a cat’s eyes。
I'm still dating Tom.
I don't really know what I should buy.
I was referring to Tom.
I don't really know what I need to do.
I was walking with Tom.
Come at two.
There probably is some truth to that.
We know Tom is dangerous.
Oh! It was already there.
I don't really know what I should do.
I don't really know what I should be doing now.
I want Tom's opinion, too.
At the time, no one knew what to do.
Tom said he'd go there today.
Alcoholism ruined my life.
No many people know how to do that.
We know that Tom is dangerous.
He assumes everything.
He takes it upon himself.
How long do cats and dogs live?
None of the women knew what to do.
He couldn't find Mary's house.
It was clear he was lying.
It was obvious he was lying.
She read a prayer.
Some children don't go to school.
Tom decided to go back to Australia.
He's definitely at home. I saw his car in his garage.
Don't scrimp on your health.
What's lost is lost.
I suggested we go out for coffee.
My boss had asked me to go to Boston.
I suggest we go out for coffee.
How would we go about doing that?
We hadn't really planned to go to Boston.
Do you all agree?
Do you all plan to come with us?
Do you all know what you're doing?
We don't know why that happened.
What do you all think?
Do all of you think that this is a good idea?
Do all of you think this is a good idea?
Did you all enjoy yourselves?
Tom's father didn't know what to do with him.
I'm glad you're going to come.
Many people know how to do that.
That was one reason we decided to go to Boston.
I don't intend to do this again.
No one knows for sure when Tom Jackson was born.
That's wicked cool.
How do you go about doing that?
The treaty is to go into effect on October first.
That's hella cool.
He takes care of her, and she takes care of him. They take care of each other.
I know why that happened.
Tom couldn't go anywhere without being recognized.
Nobody says anything.
I don't want to stick my nose into your business.
Why doesn't anyone say anything?
I worried about that.
That was one of the reasons we decided to go to Boston.
The squirrel is climbing the tree.
I reckon that's true.
I was surprised Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
I reckon I'll go.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
I hope he'll help us.
The tea was so hot I burned my tongue.
Tom took off his wedding ring and put it in his shirt pocket.
No one could get in.
Nobody ever tells me anything.
Why doesn't anybody tell me anything?
Tom is buried in a small cemetery just outside of Boston.
Nobody could get in.
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist for about half a year.
How do you get there?
Tom and I ate dinner without saying a word to each other.
I enjoyed your video.
Tom Jackson's first album didn't get a lot of attention.
Nobody could get out.
He chided Maria for her disinterest in anything that is not her own idea.
Tom has been confined to bed for the past three months.
We have the advantage.
I don't know these women.
I don't know these ladies.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
But don't get me wrong.
I dated Tom's brother before I started dating him.
I want to eat right now.
I dated Tom's sister before I started dating him.
I dated Tom's brother before I started dating Tom.
It's difficult to do this.
His speech was pleased by its accuracy, felicity, and fluency.
I caught Tom drinking behind the school building.
My grandson is seven years old. I love him very much.
Do you ever get a headache?
Tom hoped to get to Boston before the sun set.
I hope you didn't get hurt.
My grandfather is ninety-nine years old.
Tom was arrested as he was leaving his house.
Where can we get some food?
When you test to that extent, you are going to find more people, find more cases. So I said to my people, "Slow the testing down, please."
I gave Tom two cookies.
You know what happens to that Republican who listens to the scientists? On that day, that Republican loses his campaign funding from the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry.
My dad was born in Poland. I know a little bit about the immigrant experience. Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
Tom wants to know why Mary wanted to do that.
I gave my mother a red rose.
The union of two sets can be beautiful even when there is no logical connection between them.
I want to get out of Boston as soon as I can.
I gave the waiter a good tip.
Tom wants to know why Mary wants to do that.
I want to eat something else.
Children must not spend too much time in front of screens.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't do that.
Some people even got violent.
I found Tom's pistol hidden under his bed.
Some people got really angry.
I drove to Tom's house as fast as I could.
Will the situation get worse?
I want to leave Boston as soon as I can.
Just tell me how much money you need.
I gave Tom a bow.
I want to keep my hands clean.
I gave Tom a piece of paper to write on.
"I'm having back pain, so I'm seeing a chiropractor." "Well, don't drink the Kool-Aid."
We couldn't get there quickly.
"I'm going to AA so I have something to do other than drink." "OK, sounds good, but don't drink the Kool-Aid."
I never want to leave Australia again.
I gave a red rose to my mother.
Will they tell me the truth?
The great bustard is Europe's heaviest flying bird.
Tom is a scalawag.
Tom is a house nigger.
Tom is a carpetbagger.
Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
I hope I can get financial aid.
The kori bustard is the world's heaviest flying bird.
Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
I want to drink something else.
Rosa is Portuguese, but she lives in France.
It's always fun to hang out with Tom.
He's for sure younger than thirty.
Her words disheartened me.
Is what you are saying important?
It was difficult to find a job.
Your blouse is beautiful.
My mum doesn't speak English very well.
I'm wiping my face.
Hold on tight or you will fall!
He became the victim of his own ambition.
It's not enough for argumentation.
I have to return to the office.
The last time I saw him was a week ago.
This book is from the school's library.
He took a few pillows to rest his head.
Your hair is very messy. Fix it.
The problem is that she doesn't have experience.
He took the heavy box from the shelf.
Did you really need to walk?
She and I are complete opposites.
Why can't you build snowmen next to the church?
I have to be home before eight o'clock.
I love stories with a happy ending.
Don't put anything on top of the box!
Tom wants to know why Mary did that.
Some students got all week off.
Tom wants to go to the lake with us.
I hope that you didn't get hurt.
Tom and I got into a shouting match.
I want to do that again someday.
I flew back to Boston last weekend.
Everyone tried to get in at once.
You can get more details from Tom.
How did Wall Street get its name?
Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
Everybody tried to get in at once.
Tom wants to go to Boston with me.
It's always fun to get dressed up.
Find something to do.
Tom wanted to know what I thought.
There was only one way to do that.
Where can we get something to eat?
We won't be able to get near Tom.
Be careful not to get too much sun.
Tom wants to go to bed right now.
I hope you didn't get into trouble.
No one knows exactly where Tom Jackson was born.
No one knows exactly where Tom Ashur was born.
Tom wants to go there by himself.
Many of the parents got very angry.
No one knows exactly where Toma bar Yonan was born.
Tom wants to go swimming with us.
We recently decided to get married.
There's a nest in the tree hollow.
Tom wants to go skiing with Mary.
I gave all the customers a discount.
We're trying to save Tom's life.
I hope that I can get financial aid.
Tom wants to go to Mary's party.
Rocks get their color from minerals.
My teacher reproached me for being lazy.
I didn't want to fight with Tom.
You can't get much better than that.
No one could get out.
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he drinks his first cup of coffee.
How long do cats live?
Tom didn't have the key to the office, so he waited for the janitor to open it for him.
How long do dogs live?
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he has his first cup of coffee.
Tom made many purchases.
You should've been home by 2:30.
Tom looked just like the guy in the picture that the police officer showed us.
I'll hand over the phone to her.
Do you think we have a chance?
He illegally crossed the border.
In a few minutes, I have a meeting with the director.
Mary played polkas and waltzes, and the children danced.
Sorry, I was thinking.
I didn't read the rest.
He can also participate in the game.
What Tom told you is correct.
I don't like small dogs.
I seem to have run someone over.
I seem to have run over someone.
I seem to have hit someone.
Believe in God and believe also in me.
He does everything at the last minute.
It will probably rain after lunch.
It will probably rain this afternoon.
I'm playing.
I hope this dream is not a nightmare.
Happy are those who work for peace; God will call them his children!
This is impossible for human beings, but for God everything is possible.
But when you pray, you must believe and not doubt at all.
Are you going to the supermarket?
Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant while he was in college.
If you are God's Son, order this stone to turn into bread.
It is by faith that we understand that the universe was created by God's word, so that what can be seen was made out of what cannot be seen.
I didn't have time to get dressed up.
Our Father in heaven: may your holy name be honored.
Tom got out of his truck to see what was lying on the side of the road.
Then James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came to Jesus. “Teacher,” they said, “there is something we want you to do for us.”
Bring me a Coke.
Some children get a weekly allowance.
Tom will be going back to work as soon as he gets out of the hospital.
You need to get out there right away.
Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.
You were supposed to be home by 2:30.
Tom didn't think that he'd make it out of the burning building alive.
I gave a discount to all the customers.
Tom went to the supermarket to buy ice cream and cake for the party.
Slowly and deliberately, he shook his head.
The trunks of several trees blown down by the storm are lying at the edge of the clearing.
She soon found fresh hope.
Her hopes soon revived.
She soon found hope again.
He spoke with a deep, croaky voice.
He slammed the door shut with a loud bang.
For her, travelling was merely a necessity rather than an end in itself.
It rained non-stop all last week.
He repeated her words parrot-fashion.
He was repeating her words parrot-fashion.
Her singing moved the listeners to tears.
She took her place at the table, poured herself a glass of white wine and waited.
He sat down at the table, poured himself a glass of white wine and waited.
Some authors distance themselves from their early work.
It doesn't bode well.
It doesn't augur well.
She tried to tame her flowing locks with an Alice band.
She was trying to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
She tried to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
You've got broad shoulders.
They've got broad shoulders.
She slung a blue towel over her shoulder.
It was easier than it first appeared.
It was easier than it seemed at first glance.
Actually, they were here all winter.
Her gaze remained fixed as her pale lips slowly moved apart to answer.
The house is just a few metres away from the street.
Normally I'm punctual.
I'm normally on time.
Have you been living here for long?
Have you lived here for a long time?
When are you coming home today?
You don't eat enough vegetables.
You eat too few vegetables.
It wasn't very warm last night.
Last night wasn't very warm.
Yes, that's right.
Haven't you got a telly?
Haven't you got a television?
Don't you have a telly?
Don't you have a television?
Where do we have to change?
Where have we got to change?
My husband is a Luxembourger.
My wife is a Luxembourger.
Paul's great-nan has written a lot of books.
Paul's great-grandma has written many books.
Paul's great-granny has written a great deal of books.
Mrs Schneider's neighbour's got a house in Provence.
Mrs Schneider's neighbour has a house in Provence.
It's important to get enough excercise.
My grandad bought himself a decent bike, but didn't get round to using it.
My grandad bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to use it.
Tom doesn't yet know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to take it on its maiden voyage.
My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but wasn't able to use it for the first time.
Tom rode his bike into a bookshop and crashed into the shelves.
"I've finally learnt. I can finally ride a bike!" "Late, but better late than never, eh? Let's see then, Tom! Hop on and ride it a bit!"
"I've finally learnt. I can finally ride a bike!" "Late, but better late than never, eh? Let's see then, Tom! Hop on the saddle and take it for a spin!"
"Grandad! I can finally ride a bike!" "With stabilisers?" "No, without!" "I'll only believe it when I see it with my own eyes."
Tom dismounted from his bicycle.
It's necessary for you see a doctor.
Maybe I'll eventually get one of those.
Tom wore a tie to work yesterday, but usually he doesn't wear one.
It'll take me minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It's unfortunately true.
I got paid a few dollars for doing that.
Tom is always trying to come up with a new way to make more money.
Don't you have a TV?
Do you really not have a TV?
When was the last time you watched TV?
I hope that you didn't get into trouble.
Tom was arrested yesterday afternoon and spent the night in jail.
I love stories with happy endings.
They're the ones who want to go.
There's some milk in the fridge.
I was warned about you.
You should've been home a long time ago.
There are three apples in this box.
Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant for three months.
On your feet now, Hungary calls you!
Now is the moment, now or never!
You chase him out the door, but he climbs in through the window.
Have you seen my red shirt?
"How many meals do you eat in a day?" "At least one, at most three."
Can I have a bun with my coffee?
Why aren't you talking to him?
The trolleybus arrived on time.
I forgot Russian was your native language.
I forgot Russian was your mother tongue.
What do I want to talk about?
The people inside the room couldn't get out.
I punched Tom's nose and it started bleeding.
Tom is getting along better with his classmates than he used to.
Did you know that pigs can get sunburned?
Tom is from small town about three hundred kilometers from here.
Most people got some of their money back.
I walk from here to the train station.
Tom got a ticket for parking his car in front of a fire hydrant.
I forbid you to insult him.
The train should arrive at Osaka at ten.
Some infected people never even get sick.
Even the greatest kings go to the toilet on foot.
Tom doesn't know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
Do you know of any gay clubs?
I always sleep till eight.
You were supposed to be home before dark.
Tom was walking in the park alone at night when he got mugged.
I get a monthly allowance from my parents.
Tom wasn't able to pack everything he needed in his suitcase.
We have a real, deadly public health crisis on our hands, and Donald Trump is more concerned about statues and relics of the Confederacy and slavery than he is the survival of the American people.
It was him who broke the vase.
Most people don't get sick from the virus.
Tom was on his way home from work when he was hit by a truck.
That's all that most people know about this.
Tom says that he wants to get married before he turns thirty.
I can't remember when I last ate such delicious food.
I can't forget those eyes.
I gave the stranger directions to the museum.
Tom got into a fight with someone after the party last night.
Don't ask about anything.
You must put out the cigarette.
You have to put out the cigaret.
I'll speak to the section manager about that.
Tom wasn't able to get everything he needed in his suitcase.
Am I still needed, or can I go to bed?
Does anyone still need me today, or can I go to bed?
We met at a friend's wedding.
I've always dreamed of becoming an astronaut.
Tom lived with three other students when he was in college.
I didn't get to bed until 2:in the morning.
Tom is from small town about three hundred miles from here.
You are as beautiful as you were twenty years ago.
I don't remember his name anymore.
He's hoeing outside in the garden.
No one can come in here without our permission.
He is a friend of one of my female friends.
Tom doesn't yet know how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
That's a family tradition.
Nobody can come in here without our permission.
Tom approached the police officer and requested assistance.
Where did you get the idea that you're a loser?
Tom went to the post office to send a package to a friend.
We're all vegetarian in my family.
How long does a cat live?
You know, there probably is some truth to that.
Tom was talking to someone near the gate not too long ago.
He's a musician and plays several instruments.
Our rent is too expensive, so we're looking for another apartment.
I didn't get married until I was in my thirties.
You are men.
Tom was on the basketball team when he was in high school.
I know that for many people this is a big issue.
Tom tried to kill himself by crashing his car into a wall.
Who was at home?
My mother is proud of me.
I really don't know how many songs I've written.
Tom just kept watching the same video over and over again.
This could go on for days, weeks or even months.
I don't know how long I'm going to have to stay in Boston.
This the only way to go. We should stop dithering!
I'll send you a text as soon as I arrive at the airport.
You need to get permission, but it's easy to get.
Tom was on his way to school when he was bitten by a dog.
He speaks French with an English accent.
How do you know how to pronounce a name or a word?
Tom was found guilty of murder and was sentenced to life.
Artists are very creative people. They always have a lot of ideas.
I started this company several years ago.
I paid thirty dollars for this.
Tom knew he didn't have much time to finish doing that.
Tom knew that he didn't have much time to finish doing that.
People are waiting longer to get married nowadays.
Tom seems to have disappeared off the face of the earth.
Every year, the 27th of June celebrates Mixed-Race Day.
"Some tea?" "Yes, please. Thank you."
I want to eat at that restaurant we ate at last week.
Tom couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.
One of our goals is to get children to exercise more.
Tom and his friends often hang out at the park together.
Aren't you going to the cinema?
Tom would have wanted nothing better.
Papa and mama go exercising every morning.
Things can get a little wild around here on weekends.
Tom was walking home alone at night when he got mugged.
Stop changing your mind! A while ago, you said you wanted to go, but now you say you don't want to, are you really going or aren't you?
He was arrested by the police.
You can get more information about us on our website.
Tom was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
The goldfish is swimming in the aquarium.
We had an opportunity to change things, but we didn't.
Tom says he changes his password at least once a month.
Let's go to KFC have a breakfast.
I'll join you and go together.
Let's go and play football.
When everything's ready, let's put a sign on the door.
Tom doesn't know how long he'll need to stay in Boston.
We couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.
Tom stood in front of the mirror, staring at himself.
We didn't know how dangerous doing that was going to be.
I don't know how long I'll need to stay in Boston.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't careful.
I don't know how long I'll have to stay in Boston.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you're not careful.
Tom was captured by the police three days later.
Let's stay out of the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
Tom managed to elude the police for three weeks.
At that time, black children didn't go to school with white children.
Tom tried to hide the bruises on his right arm.
Tom is teaching me.
Tom has a small house.
Tom gave me a shirt.
Tom doesn't speak my language.
In those days, black children didn't go to school with white children.
Tom Jackson is an extremely dangerous criminal.
Everybody was in a bad mood.
How long does a dog live?
How long does a spider live?
I didn't even try to answer about half of the questions on the exam.
I think it's too big.
Tom's horse died.
This tie goes well with your shirt.
I've never doubted that.
You never know what's going to happen.
I'm waiting for the right moment.
I'm worried that it'll rain tomorrow.
Do you think this dog is smart?
He was at fault.
Doing that was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Let's let Tom rest.
We have three boys.
I'm worried that it might rain tomorrow.
Doing that didn't take as long as I thought it would.
Tom seemed bashful.
Doing that didn't take as much time as I thought it would.
Doing that didn't take as much time as I expected.
I have a meeting with the director in a few minutes.
Tom baited the trap.
There is enough food.
I will pick Tom up.
Tom offered to cut the grass for me.
As far as I know, we don't have to do anything else.
Tom often gets lost.
They kept talking even though I asked them to stop.
Tom's hair is thick.
I studied for a while and then went out for a walk.
I've heard about Tom.
Doing that was harder than I thought it would be.
My cat scratched Tom.
The crimes of Hitler and Stalin were not equally heinous.
You cannot prepare for that.
Will you go out, or not?
When was the last time that you bought a book?
The plants and animals that we eat today are the result of hundreds of years of selection.
I only a small sum of money on me at that time.
Tom asked us to come.
Why are you eating this disgusting stuff?
My grandson has a kitten. The kitten has white and black fur and greenish eyes. My grandson loves playing with it. He named it Vivi. Vivi is beautiful. It is our pet.
If you want to eat, eat.
I took the highway.
I don't know what his real intentions аre.
Doing that took longer than I thought it would.
Tom didn't get angry.
Does anyone else need me today, or can I go to bed?
I've only finished half of what I need to do.
We'd better call Tom.
Animals suffer not only in slaughterhouses, but also during the transportation to them.
I'll try to answer any question you may have.
I accepted Tom's gift.
L. L. Zamenhof, who hoped to unite all of humanity, named his son Adam.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children perished in the Holocaust.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children were murdered in the Holocaust.
Doing that didn't take as long as I expected.
I didn't let Tom talk.
Why do you do everything at the last minute?
I fixed Tom's bicycle.
We continued walking for a while in silence.
I gave Tom more money.
I doubt that I'll have this job much longer.
I gave Tom some water.
I can't read anything without my glasses.
Is Tom still drinking?
My mother-in-law is my husband's mother.
Tom didn't want me to help.
I agree to do what you've asked me to do.
Tom wants to go there.
Don't dilly-dally.
Have you brought books?
Did you bring books?
He sent hundreds of invitations for his wedding.
He is the only student that ask the teachers many questions.
Who gave you that naive piece of advice?
The animal cell contains a larger percentage of lipids than the vegetable cell.
How old is the dog?
Who invented paper?
Tell me where I failed.
Look, shouted her pointing to a corner of the hall, there she is standing up.
Do you know them in person?
It'll probably be raining all afternoon.
If anyone calls me, tell them I am out.
Reason differentiates man from animals.
I have three roommates.
Unfortunately I have the bad habit of picking the scab off my wounds.
I will try it in the bedroom.
The people demand social justice.
There was a sign on the street reading: "Dangerous route. Slow down".
Don't jest!
When the girl saw her mother, she started crying.
The nation demands social justice.
I had a wonderful dream.
The cat hunts rats and brings us preys.
The dog is comfortable with her.
I am absolutely flawed.
Look out for those who want to sell you counterfeit items.
Take advantage of these days to think about the subject.
In order to take the country out of the crisis, the president adopted protectionist measures.
Of course I think of you.
I know where you live, Madam. But that is confidential.
In Lisbon there is a suspension bridge made of steel.
In the morning I always drink a cup of tea.
The proud and brave knights sat around the big round table.
Tom is fixing your bicycle.
Good afternoon, young lady, how are you?
The painting was really touching.
He slept outside, but I don't know where.
She slept outside, but I don't know where.
She wanted to be an architect.
Only interrupt me if it's strictly necessary.
They are dead and buried.
A magazine is a periodical publication containing articles and illustrations about a subject or specific field.
My cat does not like being stroked.
I am not afraid of going over the bridge.
Is or isn't there?
Does he have it or not?
Does she have it or not?
If you want it, they will also do.
Lost in thoughts, he strolls through the garden, with his hands behind his back.
Doing that took longer than I expected.
Tom began attacking me.
It's been colder than usual this year.
For the Fourth Men, the Great Brains, there was no possible life but the life of intellect; and the life of intellect had become barren. Evidently something more than mere bulk of brain was needed for the solving of the deeper intellectual problems. They must, therefore, somehow create a new brain-quality, or organic formation of brain, capable of a mode of vision or insight impossible in their present state. They must learn somehow to remake their own brain-tissues upon a new plan. With this aim, and partly through unwitting jealousy of the natural and more balanced species which had created them, they began to use their captive specimens of that species for a great new enterprise of research into the nature of human braintissue.
Tom wants to go rowing.
I must not stay to notice the strange fortunes of all the many other quasi-human worlds. I will mention only that in some, though civilization was destroyed in a succession of savage wars, the germ of recovery precariously survived. In one, the agonizing balance of the old and the new seemed to prolong itself indefinitely. In another, where science had advanced too far for the safety of an immature species, man accidentally blew up his planet and his race. In several, the dialectical process of history was broken short by invasion and conquest on the part of inhabitants of another planet. These and other disaster, to be described in due course, decimated the galactic population of worlds.
After a while Juss halted and sniffed the air. "I smell new-mown hay," he said, "and flower-scents. Is this my fantasy, or canst thou smell them too?"
What does this have to do with that?
I came home last Monday.
How do I get to the beach from here?
I met Tom earlier today.
I didn't read the rest of the book.
Tom and I've lost touch.
This is the only way to go. We should stop dithering.
This is the only way to go. There's no wriggling out of it.
She works from nine to five-thirty.
It'll probably be raining all day.
Bvalltu and I, in company with the increasing band of our fellow explorers, visited many worlds of many strange kinds. In some we spent only a few weeks of the local time; in others we remained for centuries, or skimmed from point to point of history as our interest dictated. Like a swarm of locusts we would descend upon a new-found world, each of us singling out a suitable host. After a period of observation, long or short, we would leave, to alight again, perhaps, on the same world in another of its ages; or to distribute our company among many worlds, far apart in time and in space.
I accepted Tom's apology.
Needless to say, the Fifth Men had early mastered all those paradoxes of physical science which had so perplexed the First Men. Needless to say, they had a very complete knowledge of the geography of the cosmos and of the atom. But again and again the very foundations of their science were shattered by some new discovery, so that they had patiently to reconstruct the whole upon an entirely new plan. At length, however, with the clear formulation of the principles of psycho-physics, in which the older psychology and the older physics were held, so to speak, in chemical combination, they seemed to have built upon the rock. In this science, the fundamental concepts of psychology were given a physical meaning, and the fundamental concepts of physics were stated in a psychological manner. Further, the most fundamental relations of the physical universe were found to be of the same nature as the fundamental principles of art. But, and herein lay mystery and horror even for the Fifth Men, there was no shred of evidence that this aesthetically admirable cosmos was the work of a conscious artist, nor yet that any mind would ever develop so greatly as to be able to appreciate the Whole in all its detail and unity.
She's an enthusiastic fighter for social justice.
I'll be getting up early tomorrow.
I found out what Tom did.
I don't know either of those boys.
I gave Tom three cookies.
We have dances here once a month.
I gave Tom three options.
My parents haven't come home yet.
Tom betrayed his friends.
We have watched the fortunes of eight successive human species for a thousand million years, the first half of that flicker which is the duration of man. Ten more species now succeed one another, or are contemporary, on the plains of Neptune. We, the Last Men, are the Eighteenth Men. Of the eight pre-Neptunian species, some, as we have seen, remained always primitive; many achieved at least a confused and fleeting civilization, and one, the brilliant Fifth, was already wakening into true humanity when misfortune crushed it. The ten Neptunian species show an even greater diversity. They range from the instinctive animal to modes of consciousness never before attained. The definitely sub-human degenerate types are confined mostly to the first six hundred million years of man's sojourn on Neptune.
I have no memory of the accident.
We helped Tom find a job.
The enterprise of an already distant past had brought every land under civilization. The Sahara was a lake district, crowded with sun-proud holiday resorts. The arctic islands of Canada, ingeniously warmed by directed tropical currents, were the homes of vigorous northerners. The coasts of Antarctica, thawed in the same manner, were permanently inhabited by those engaged in exploiting the mineral wealth of the hinterland.
About two centuries after the formation of the first World State, the President of the World declared that the time was ripe for a formal union of science and religion, and called a conference of the leaders of these two great disciplines. Upon that island in the Pacific which had become the Mecca of cosmopolitan sentiment, and was by now one vast manystoried, and cloud-capped Temple of Peace, the heads of Buddhism, Mohammedanism, Hinduism, the Regenerate Christian Brotherhood and the Modern Catholic Church in South America, agreed that their differences were but differences of expression. One and all were worshippers of the Divine Energy, whether expressed in activity, or in tense stillness. One and all recognized the saintly Discoverer as either the last and greatest of the prophets or an actual incarnation of divine Movement. And these two concepts were easily shown, in the light of modern science, to be identical.
We had to wait a very long time.
I answered Tom's question.
But even the most spiritual life has its temptations. The extravagant fever of industrialism and intellectualism had so subtly poisoned the plant-men that when at last they rebelled against it they swung too far, falling into the snare of a vegetal life as one-sided as the old animal life had been. Little by little they gave less and less energy and time to "animal" pursuits, until at last their nights as well as their days were spent wholly as trees, and the active, exploring, manipulating, animal intelligence died in them forever.
My house is old and dilapidated.
It's really hot today, isn't it?
I'm afraid Tom might come.
It'll probably rain after lunch.
Tom wants to go to church.
He made supper himself.
He made tea himself.
She was dismissed.
They were dismissed.
I'll be staying up late tonight.
Calories are those wee beasties that are always in the wardrobe at night, sewing the clothes tighter.
Tom wants to go with Mary.
It rained for the whole of the past week.
It was raining non-stop all last week.
For the whole of the past week, the rain was incessant.
It rained incessantly all week long last week.
It was raining non-stop for the whole of last week.
The rain was unbroken for the whole of last week.
Imagining herself alone and unwatched, Mary picked up the present and shook it carefully. "Curious, are we?" Hearing Tom speak suddenly behind her, she spun round in alarm. "Patience, my dear!" He was grinning from ear to ear.
"You're really good at that," marvelled Tom, as he watched Hanako preparing sushi with the consummate skill of a master. "Well, I have done it a few times before, Tom," she replied, blushing slightly. "There comes a time when you can just do it."
"The cap's got to be somewhere. It can't have just vanished into thin air." "Right, now we'll look for it systematically, starting from where you last had it on your head."
"Does anyone know where Tom is?" "Yep." "And where is he?" "That I don't know." "Why did you say yes, then?" "He himself must know, so there is someone who knows where he is." "Idiot!"
"Do you really want to throw away that beautiful dress, Mary? You've always looked so snazzy in it!" "Nan! It doesn't fit me any more, and that sort of thing's gone way out of fashion!"
I only read the top of the page.
Tom's hair has grown back.
A cool breeze blew around Mary, waving her long hair as she sat in the meadow, lost in thought and gazing up at the night sky and the silver moonlit clouds passing over it.
"You should have let me know sooner." "How could we have done that when you don't answer your telephone? Unfortunately we don't have another way of contacting you."
"You should've told me before." "How were we supposed to do that when you don't answer your phone? We haven't got any other way of getting in touch with you, more's the pity."
"Hey mate! You got a second?" "Yes, certainly. But since that second is now up, I shall have to ask you to make yourself scarce. I have a lot to do!"
War has already broken out.
They were looking for a girl.
She cannot deal with stress.
He cannot cope with stress.
"Tom, it's been a long time! Do you remember me?" "Of course I do! You're Mary! That's right, isn't it?" "So you do remember me! I'm so glad!"
He took a second piece to take to his sick friend.
He took a second piece to take to his sick girlfriend.
He whistled a tune, so as not to be afraid of the dark.
He ate little, so that something would be left over for breakfast.
He didn't eat much, so that something would be left over for breakfast.
He whistled a tune, so that no one would notice he was afraid.
The beginners' level oral exam lasts for ten minutes, the intermediate level for fifteen and the advanced level for twenty.
The sound is quite similar to that of a dulcimer, psaltery, or zither.
I only read the first few pages.
We let Tom try doing that.
His decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
It wasn't very cold last night.
It was clear Tom was lying.
You need to be more agressive.
Tom sang the baby to sleep.
My dream is to study Norwegian in Oslo.
My dream is to study Saami languages in Sweden.
My dream is to study Chukchi in Anadyr.
Please wait until I get there.
Tom started to get violent.
It's really hot outside today.
Tom wants to go to college.
I'll answer only one question.
Tom wrote the book himself.
There are letters on the table.
I have to work overtime today.
How did Boston get its name?
I'm sure we'd all be glad of a nice cuppa.
I anticipate that will happen.
I gave the empty box to Tom.
A map is not the territory.
Where did the girl you were talking to go?
Where did the girl that you were talking to go?
Would you fancy a cup?
I want you to get here early.
I gave three cookies to Tom.
I think that he's wrong.
I won't go there without you.
I was there once with my sister.
The dog wants to go out again.
Why don't you accede my request?
There are black clouds above us.
I doubt if that would happen.
I ran some errands for Tom.
She commited suicide by throwing herself in front of the train.
He commited suicide by throwing himself in front of the train.
I found out that I had left my driving licence behind.
I need to go home to help my dad.
I actually do that by myself.
I've actually never done that by myself.
Tom isn't any older than me.
Tom asked me to run some errands for him.
I wouldn't call myself a billingual speaker.
People strive towards various goals.
I did it for her sake.
The box is full.
I told Tom not to do it.
I actually agreed to do that.
Tom wants to go to the lake.
You must know how to forgive to be happy.
Last night wasn't very cold.
I'm going to forgive, but I'm not going to forget.
Tom wants to join our group.
You can't escape from your wrong doing, Self-esteem lies in the tongue.
You are running.
Kashtanka ran back and forth but couldn't find her master. Meanwhile, it was getting dark.
You must be more agressive.
Tom wrote to me from Boston.
A Christmas present.
Good!
He has a god-given talent for music.
Tom is always a bit irritable in the morning, before he drinks his first cup of coffee.
What do you actually think?
I arrived after Tom had left.
Interstellar, as opposed to interplanetary, travel was quite impossible until the advent of sub-atomic power. Fortunately this source of power was seldom gained until late in a world's development, when mentality was mature enough to wield this most dangerous of all physical instruments without inevitable disaster. Disasters, however, did occur. Several worlds were accidentally blown to pieces. In others civilization was temporarily destroyed. Sooner or later, however, most of the minded worlds tamed this formidable djin, and set it to work upon a titanic scale, not only in industry, but in such great enterprises as the alteration of planetary orbits for the improvement of climate. This dangerous and delicate process was effected by firing a gigantic sub-atomic rocket-apparatus at such times and places that the recoil would gradually accumulate to divert the planet's course in the desired direction.
The problem of interstellar travel was so enthralling that it sometimes became an obsession even to a fairly well-developed Utopian world. This could only occur if in the constitution of that world there was something unwholesome, some secret and unfulfilled hunger impelling the beings. The race might then become travel-mad.
We feed our dog once a day.
"I was just cleaning and found a few things." "Did you see my red shirt?" "Unfortunately, no."
I gave Tom one of my cookies.
She told me that she was going to take the train.
Black trans lives matter.
When was the last time you bought a book?
I think he's wrong.
Keep an eye on this for me.
Tom declared he was innocent.
What if she leaves me again?
Keep an eye on my suitcase.
Tom flunked his driving test.
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.
It's a nice view, isn't it?
Tom is very critical of others.
I don't like the interface of that operating system.
I got here only a week ago.
Tom seems to be working hard.
I agree with that decision.
Tom wanted to join our group.
She told me she was going to take the train.
Every Friday I get up early, walk from here to the train station, buy a ticket to New York, and spend the weekend with my parents. Then I go home.
That's how I would've written it if I wasn't translating from Esperanto.
That isn't Ido.
That's not Ido.
I actually have to do that.
Tom wants to go to the party.
Losing your friendship saddened me deeply.
I love grilled mushrooms.
We're cooking shish kebabs.
I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.
It's terribly hot in here.
My partner grills the best mushrooms.
Tom wants to leave the house.
It might rain after lunch.
Tom wants to live by himself.
One of our cats is very unhappy about the new kittens.
I tried climbing the tree.
I allowed Tom to drive my car.
I know both of those boys.
Whoever laughs now will cry later.
I got up later than usual.
Tom never seemed to get angry.
Learn German with enthusiasm.
We are what we think. All that we are arises from our thoughts. With our thoughts we shape the world.
I accepted the invitation.
Tom seemed to be working hard.
Tom's a junkie.
Do I have talent?
Have I got talent?
What was wrong with that?
Tom seized on the opportunity.
Did you give the money back to your mother?
We live on a busy street.
Tom wants to go and I do, too.
Our team isn't very good.
Tom wants to go there with us.
It was an excellent plan.
Tom went for a walk with Mary.
It was a very long drive.
Tom wants to go and so do I.
We expect Tom to be here soon.
Many promises were made.
I turned down Tom's invitation.
Do you see anything else?
Why have you shut the door?
It's really hot outside.
I'm afraid that Tom might come.
I thought I was the only one of whom he was asking stuff.
It's been warm all week.
Tom has graduated from college.
I actually believe that.
Watch out for that guy, he is a meddler to women.
Tom wants to go somewhere else.
Don't get involved in our fight!
The taxi driver has an involvement in the robbery.
Virginity is lost in intercourse.
Who's eaten the cheese?
It's windy, isn't it?
Who's eaten all the cheese?
I've read this book three times.
It was clear that Tom was lying.
It was really boring.
Is Tom going to the supermarket?
You shouldn't be outside.
I had a little fever.
Why don't we try it?
Tom is strict with his children.
That was an exemplary performance!
We entered the room.
Tom parked his car next to mine.
We entered the park.
Tom was in time for the meeting.
My plan was adopted.
It was here that I first met Tom.
I get a lot of mail.
Tom illegally crossed the border.
I bought a magazine.
Tom loses his temper quite often.
Do you drink water?
The cat was asleep.
Tom rarely stays home on Mondays.
It was a nice plan.
Tom was a soldier during the war.
I forgot my camera.
Tom was killed in the earthquake.
I entered the room.
We may have to leave without Tom.
I cleaned the room.
Tom believes that he can prove it.
I agree to do that.
Tom declared that he was innocent.
You must think about the future even if you're young.
You mustn't gain weight.
You mustn't put on weight.
That tired me out.
Tom has bruises all over his body.
An architect designs and creates houses and buildings.
It's terribly hot.
Tom thanked Mary for her kindness.
Scotland is a country north of England.
What wasn't true?
Tom was wearing an old tweed suit.
I'm studying Chinese at the University of Venice.
I'm living alone.
I allowed Tom to do what he wanted.
The hand cream smells like chamomile.
You get dreams for free.
We get dreams for free.
Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?
It's a good and natural sentence.
That's an awkward way of putting it.
Granted, native speakers will often say things awkwardly.
I went to church.
All cops are pigs.
It looks like you started translating this but didn't finish.
This seems a bit off.
What does Tom do in his spare time?
She's going to work alone.
I was at my best.
I got to the station before Tom did.
Does she really want to die on this hill?
Do not forsake me, oh my darling.
I saw a koala.
I'll let Tom do what he wants to do.
I did it without thinking.
When I was young I used to read a lot of novels.
Syncretism is my religious inclination.
I just watched her.
I read novels.
Tom does pretty well for a beginner.
Tom came home sooner than I expected.
There's no one at work except me.
I answered the door when I heard the knock, but there was no one there.
Paper burns.
I agreed to pay Tom what he asked for.
Do you really think that this painting is beautiful?
We danced.
I allowed Tom do what he wanted to do.
This poem expresses what the author thinks about love.
Put it in this box.
Were you the one I saw with Tom in front of the post office this morning?
I don't understand what his real intentions аre.
My son can't talk yet.
I heard that Tom committed suicide, but I didn't believe it.
He looked admiringly at his father.
He slowly opened his eyes.
You should be outside.
Tom always comes here at the same time every day.
I didn't eat breakfast.
Tom must be tired after everything he did today.
There is no such word in Russian.
I didn't need any help.
We haven't seen Tom much since he got divorced.
Someone drove by our house and yelled, "Faggot commies!"
Would you care for tea?
Tom looks a lot like someone else that I know.
How many boxes did you fill?
That boy standing next to the oak tree is Tom.
How did they do it?
I hope you like the wine.
I applied for the job that Tom told me about.
That box is already full.
Do you think that Tom will tell me the truth?
Your dog tried to bite me.
Tom works as hard as the rest of his family.
When was it that Tom said that?
I got good grades this term.
Tom must be very tired after doing all that.
I need to go to the station.
Tom believes everything that Mary tells him.
May I have this one as well?
How can I make Tom pay more attention to me?
We were walking and talking.
You aren't going to catch me.
What did you get from Tom on your birthday?
I'm waiting for you downstairs in the coffee shop.
I'm going to wait for you underneath the coffeeshop.
You don't need to go with me.
We hope that Tom stays here for a few days.
Fat people usually sweat a lot.
Tom refusesd to say anything more about it.
I like the smell of pine trees.
Tom paid no attention to what was going on.
My camera is better than yours.
Tom invited three of his friends to dinner.
I wanted to know why Tom wanted to do that.
My dog is bigger than yours is.
Tom came into the room without permission.
What happened next was surprising.
Tom watched Mary and John playing tennis.
I arrived after the party was over.
Tom wanted to leave early and I did, too.
I read a really long book last week.
Tom plays golf five or six times a month.
There's no such word in Russian.
Is Mary beautiful?
I arrived after the concert was over.
Tom looks a lot like someone else I know.
I forgot my PIN.
I arrived after the meeting was over.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was great fun.
I'll allow Tom to do what he wants to do.
When I came into the room it was empty.
My friend's daughter has created a Facebook account.
What other kind of music do you like?
He'll like the wine.
Look! She's come.
The bird is sitting on my father's head.
I couldn't recall their names.
I want to get rid of all these books.
Tom wanted to leave early and so did I.
May God bless you and your family.
I was curious to see what was inside.
Tom made his fortune selling used cars.
Have you eaten food?
Welcome
Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Tom has promised to behave from now on.
I thought I was going to be happy here.
Tom does everything at the last minute.
I kindly asked him, but he refused to.
Please, say that again.
The water in the beer will be enough.
Esperanto is years old.
Don't forget our cat is part of the family too, and worth equal treatment.
These snakes just attack if they feel cornered.
The lifeguard was distracted at his phone.
I feel like he resembles a poet in some way.
I eat at work.
You're not a trustworthy person.
I hear you went to camping last weekend.
Tom believes everything Mary tells him.
Why are you stopping? The light's green.
The last time I saw Tom was a week ago.
What's the point of apologising to her now?
I was curious to see what was in the box.
We hope Tom stays here for a few days.
He welcomed us.
How long do you want to stay in this country?
I said what I thought.
I wouldn't say that's absolutely correct.
I'm going to the market.
Tom wants to leave early and I do, too.
It was very hot today.
He welcomed us
I was curious to see what was in the room.
Tom is reading a book about gardening.
I thought that I was going to be happy here.
Tom has built a wall around his house.
Is there something else you'd like me to do?
They didn't even offer to help me.
I've seen Tom several times this week.
Tom exposed himself in public.
I wouldn't say that that's absolutely correct.
I asked Tom where he'd gone to school.
Is there something else you'd like me to get you?
I'm human, too.
Tom wants to leave early and so do I.
They're thinking about something else.
I don't want to hug you.
Is this woman a promoter?
That's real madness.
He doesn't agree, does he?
The lift is out of order. Please use the stairs.
I told them not to go by plane.
I didn't take the bus because it was crowded.
She doesn't believe that I love her.
About how much will it cost me to get to the airport from here?
Tom left his sunglasses at our place.
I have never asked you for anything.
I felt hungry, so I went into the kitchen to get something to eat.
I have never believed that war is good.
I've never believed that war is good.
I've never believed that conflict is good.
I don't know how to say it in French.
Do you want me to lie, or tell you the truth?
Do you prefer I lie to you, or tell the truth?
People that laugh at anything bother me too much!
I asked the driver if he spoke English.
I always knew it wouldn't be easy.
Today, it's gray outside.
I think Tatoeba is a little slow today.
Don't you even give me a kiss?
I think Tatoeba is being a bit slow today.
The girl is convinced that she's a princess.
The girl is stuck in a fantasy of being a princess.
I fastened my seatbelt.
I will read many sentences in Esperanto.
Could you show us another room?
They say there's about to be a storm.
They say there's a storm coming.
This is the rule of life.
This is the way of life.
Tom flies economy class to save money.
Tom flies economy to save money.
How many buckets of water would it take to fill this swimming pool?
Maria is Romanian.
I'm going to teach in Wales.
I paid thirty dollars for this bag.
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
There was no reason for you to get angry.
I apologized in French.
I was embarrassed by what my mother said.
I expected that from Tom.
I expected something like this to happen.
Tom is still not married.
Tell me what you want for your birthday.
I expected Tom to help us.
I couldn't go because I had a bad cold.
I expected to see Tom here.
I expected to get paid more than this.
I expected to find Tom here.
I expected to get paid for doing that.
Tom did that and I did, too.
I expected the meeting to last longer.
We each paid thirty dollars.
Ah, that's why the lame ducks are jealous.
If you can read this, it means that you speak at least one language, so you're more than welcome on Tatoeba!
Tatoeba: A super database of sentences and translations which I proudly work on.
The explanation was very complicated.
I really love languages. Thanks to Tatoeba for making it possible to study and help people learn them.
I really love languages. Thank you, Tatoeba!
You might not have realized it yet, but I'm crazy about languages.
Tom lacks musical talent.
Your friend Anna went to China this month.
It can become your entry ticket to make your dream come true.
How about teaching me your language?
The dispute has finally been settled.
We made Tom the team captain.
Come with us!
You can soak up the water droplets with a cloth.
Why did you get here so early?
It is best to wash the dishes with environmentally friendly dishwashing liquid.
I need to go to the library tomorrow.
It's better to wash the dishes with eco-friendly dishwashing liquid.
I saw Tom crossing the bridge.
It's better not to use bleach while doing your laundry.
I can find everything I'm looking for in the Rastgelelik search engine.
I expected this to be a lot more fun.
I'll wait until Tom gets here.
I wish we'd invited Tom as well.
I often only eat eggs for breakfast.
It was Tom who broke the vase.
I expected to be here all afternoon.
I advised Tom to leave at once.
In the sixties, the work week was forty two hours.
My mother is feeding the dog.
"Where are our cousins?" "Australia."
I was about to go to work.
I expected this to happen yesterday.
I saw Tom coming up the stairs.
I didn't understand what you wanted.
I expected Tom to make the team.
What part didn't make sense to you?
I paid Tom the money I owed him.
I expected you to get here earlier.
Tom and Mary don't go to school.
It'll get cold.
It's going to become cold.
It's going to turn cold.
It will become cold.
It will turn cold.
Even the stadium's PA announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
Finally, they gave in.
We'll have breakfast at eight.
The Met Office says it'll be really warm next summer.
The weather service says it'll be really warm next summer.
This old coin is very rare.
Dad, these pineapples are sour!
He can't see well without his glasses.
From o'clock onwards, the traffic in the town picks up.
From o'clock on, the traffic in the town picks up.
He's fallen into the water.
He fell into the water.
I expected something bad to happen.
She walked by without noticing me.
She passed me by without noticing that I was there.
Tom wants a computer like yours.
"How long will you be staying?" "I'll be staying for a month."
"How long are you staying?" "I'm staying for a month."
No, Mr Miller isn't here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before p.m.
No, Mr Miller's not here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before p.m.
No, Mr Miller isn't here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before o'clock.
No, Mr Miller's not here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before o'clock.
Those minor operations are carried out under local anaesthetic.
These minor operations are carried out under local anaesthetic.
I've made a mushroom omelette.
Who'd like an ice cream?
Who would like an ice cream?
Who wants an ice cream?
Who wants some ice cream?
A sudden gust of wind collapsed the house of cards.
Does anyone want ice cream?
Would you like a dish of ice cream?
How often do you eat ice cream?
When was the last time you ate ice cream?
We had chocolate ice cream for dessert.
We finally gave up.
She took part in that meeting.
She attended that meeting.
This bottle can hold two litres of warm water.
The old man stood motionless by the gate.
The lifespan of such batteries is about three years.
The lifespan of batteries like that is about three years.
He writes engaging novels.
He didn't have to come himself.
Are you going on holiday this year?
He had his thirtieth birthday recently.
He needed the entire afternoon to finish the work.
She forgot her umbrella, so I lent her mine.
She forgot her brolly, so I lent her mine.
She saw it through to the bitter end.
She stayed the course till the bitter end.
A man is playing a tune on the guitar.
A man is playing a melody on the guitar.
The first thing to consider is time.
He left soon after we arrived.
Could you wake me tomorrow at seven?
In fact it would be good to start straight away.
I expected to be busier than this.
Actually, it would be good to start straight away.
He would go out walking after dinner.
He used to go for a walk after dinner.
He was in the habit of going for a walk after dinner.
He'll be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
Has he got a chance of succeeding?
Has he got any chance of succeeding?
Does he have a chance of succeeding?
Did you take the receipt?
Have you taken the receipt?
You pay at the checkout.
You pay at the till.
You pay at the cash desk.
Payment is made at the cash desk.
Payment is made at the cash register.
The shop is also open at lunchtime.
The shop is also open during lunchtime.
Tom is quick to criticize others.
The shop's open at lunchtime as well.
It's now six fifteen.
It's now six fifteen in the evening.
I've been waiting for you for half an hour.
Have you ever tasted a soup so good?
Have you ever tasted a soup as good as that?
This further complicates the problem.
From the street you'll come into a big railway station concourse where the ticket office counters are.
From the street you come into a big station concourse where the counters are.
The moon is beautiful in autumn.
In autumn, the moon is beautiful.
The autumn moon is beautiful.
Come on, let's have a pint — my shout.
Come on, let's have a drink — my shout.
This is the best soup I've ever tasted.
Come on, the drinks are on me.
Have you ever tasted soup this good before?
Come on, I'll buy you a pint.
Come on, I'll get you a pint.
Come on, have a drink on me.
The aroma of his food made everyone hungry.
The aroma of his food gave everyone an appetite.
Our working environment was good.
Tom is trapped in a dead-end job.
His attempt at nailing jelly to the wall finally succeeded.
Betty never had a violin case.
Please give him my regards.
Judy looks as if she's seen a ghost.
Not a soul is here.
We should look at the map.
My bag needs mending.
My bag has had it.
The book I've bought is on the desk.
The book which I've bought is on the desk.
I've come to apologise.
I expected this to happen sooner.
Tom lives at the top of the hill.
I expected the test to be easier.
Tom thinks of nobody but himself.
They're not local.
It's for you, Tom.
The book I bought is on the desk.
The book that I bought is on the desk.
I expected to be chosen captain.
Tom works mainly as a freelancer.
I expected the job to be easier.
Queen of Hungary Maria Theresia ordered that Gypsies be called New Hungarians, but the term did not catch on.
I expected Tom to help us do that.
I expected somebody to be there.
Tom raised an eyebrow quizzically.
We have to remember to do that.
Tom will forever be in our hearts.
I bought a hat for Tom.
I bought Tom a hat.
We must not beat the milk hand-milked by others.
I won't ask any more questions.
Tom wiped the sweat from his face.
I expected to be asked to sing.
We had a good time at Tom's party.
I'm playing a video game.
Hold your bloody horses.
We had a difference of opinion.
The nightingale was on a branch.
He refused to answer that question.
I expected this to be more fun.
We shouldn't have let Tom do that.
We were always very good fuck buddies.
Where can you find a true friend?
We've always been very good fuck buddies.
I expected something like that.
Tom doesn't listen to music at all.
Disgusted with her good-for-nothing husband, she divorced him.
There are always other offers.
I expected someone to be there.
Tom finally found his missing keys.
Katia can ride a bike no-handed.
She erased him from her memory.
Katia can ride a bicycle without holding the handlebars.
Her back hurts.
Tom never takes a train.
The meeting is next Thursday.
Pay for whatever you want.
We're looking at a beautiful tulip.
I expected to get here sooner.
The way Tom speaks makes me nervous.
I want you to call home right now.
Foma is my younger brother.
He's forgiven his enemy.
I must ask you to excuse me.
Tom and Mary don't go to school yet.
The coat she wanted was extremely expensive.
I don't just think he's lying: I know it.
Suddenly I felt very tired.
He has a sense of responsibility.
I paid Tom back the money I owed him.
I expected you to say more.
I paid Tom the money that I owed him.
How far do you want to go?
I expected it to cost more.
The house with the red roof is Tom's.
My phone is still charging.
I played tennis yesterday.
I think that Tom will be able to do the job.
When you cross a busy street, pay attention.
What is your son doing in Germany?
Why are you so certain it's really him?
He snores loudly while sleeping.
I can't agree to this plan.
I only asked one question.
The plane that Tom is on could be late.
Our grandmother has many dogs.
I expected something else.
I paid Tom back the money that I owed him.
My student had a cat.
This is a city in our country.
I slowly opened my eyes.
The description Tom gave was very detailed.
Do you still believe him?
Thanks to an outstanding quality approach, the company has built up a brand image that ensures its position in international markets.
I expected this question.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't agree to help us.
If I had a lot of money, I would travel around the world.
How is your grandfather doing?
You can create sentences that already exist somewhere.
She wouldn't have been tired if she had gone to bed earlier.
They gave me two students for help.
I was given two students to help me.
I expected these results.
I wasn't aware that Tom's house had burned down.
What do you know about this university?
Does anyone here go by the name of Tom?
I met a man who made himself known to me as Tom.
Hello, sunshine.
Tom is new money.
Tom comes from old money.
This is the real McCoy.
Do you have a beef with me?
Thanks for the offer, but I'll pass.
The hiking trail parallels the river.
I'm convinced that Tom was the one who did that.
We climbed up the hill.
Tom grows many kinds of vegetables in his garden.
All those who churn the wind believe they can grow.
I'm studying economics.
Suffering is not a virtue.
Unfortunately, we didn't visit Tom when we could.
Suffering isn't a virtue.
My girlfriend doesn't like flowers.
It will soon be spring.
I expected a job offer.
Sometimes Tom says things that he doesn't believe.
There are no flowers here.
I'll buy a horse.
I think it can be deleted.
I expected a raise.
I expected to see Tom at the party, but he wasn't there.
I expected that.
A helicopter flew overhead just as Tom was about to propose to Mary.
He is tired of work.
This is not his phone.
This really is a masterpiece.
We were bombarded with questions.
The dentist took out my cavity.
Today is definitely not my day.
I'm thinking about what happened.
Tom feeds the dog.
I never had a case for my violin.
I sang a duet with Tom.
I became friends with the guards.
Tom is feeding the dog.
Reeds are very nutritious.
I'm afraid you'll have to leave.
I told Tom I'd seen Mary.
I want to learn more about this.
I asked Tom for his advice.
I accidentally dropped my phone.
I accompanied Tom to Boston.
I have a favour to ask of you.
I'm beginning to miss Boston.
I bought something for dinner.
I assume Tom went back inside.
I attended a party last night.
I told Tom that I'd seen Mary.
I don't understand their words, but I know that they're speaking French.
I'm afraid you'll have to go.
I don't have much faith in Tom.
I handed a shovel to Tom.
I handed Tom a shovel.
I went to the police station.
I'm going to ask Tom for a loan.
I want a box about this size.
I tried to get in touch with Tom.
I got help.
I didn't like the shirt that Tom gave me for my birthday, so I gave it to John.
Is Tom blind?
I wrote a book about Australia.
I drank wine.
I didn't know exactly when Tom would be coming to pick me up.
I've done a good job.
I fell in love with a girl from Boston.
I called Tom, but a girl answered the phone.
The idea of visiting a church makes me uncomfortable.
The idea of visiting a church weirds me out.
I need a desk.
Tom says that there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.
Tom's cousin lives in Australia.
Tom's aunt lives in Australia.
The idea of visiting a church makes me feel uncomfortable.
Tom approached the door.
I was on edge.
I lived a couple of blocks away from Tom when we were kids.
I need a table.
I don't know exactly when Tom will be coming to pick me up.
I checked my oil.
I kept a diary in French when I was a high school student.
If you chase two rabbits you get neither.
I'm waiting for you in Berlin.
The butter in the box has melted.
The prisoners must be released.
We use only natural materials.
He'll go to Mongolia on the 14th of June.
I don't understand why I have to do this.
Three things help one bear the hardships of life: hope, sleep, and laughter.
This lie troubles my conscience.
In France the first name comes before the surname.
In France the first name comes before the last name.
You're not a typical Norwegian anyway.
Doubt weighs on my soul.
I lowered my gun.
Don't ask me about anything.
He was very kind and responsible.
Tom is burdened by loneliness.
I moved to Boston shortly after graduating from college.
I don't understand why all this is necessary.
I'm waiting for an answer to my questions.
I'm busy looking for a room.
When cats hunt mice, they don't meow.
The snow hasn't melted yet.
The snow hasn't thawed yet.
We hid our faces.
I don't like the shirt that Tom gave me for my birthday.
I was not allowed to do the things I wanted.
I rarely go there.
It's just past six.
I lived in a small town in Australia for several years.
I built this gate and its doors at my own expense.
Has anything gone missing?
I locked the doors.
I didn't know which direction Tom would be coming from.
I lowered my sword.
I got here a long time ago.
Tom says there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.
Maybe, as you are saying, we are idiots.
I'm learning how to swim.
What size does he wear?
In which university do you want to study?
A hundred and fifty grams or less.
What's your weak spot?
Languages are constantly changing. Some fast, some slow.
I have nothing to do with this.
Keep on training.
I like going to the cinema with friends.
Sounds like something French to me.
I know everyone in the picture.
I drank a few beers.
My family moved to Boston when I was three months old.
Has Jim come yet?
My wife will worry if I don't call her.
You've just taken a shower.
What? It's impossible.
Enter one by one, please.
Enter one at a time, please.
I identified myself.
I dug for about thirty minutes and then took a break.
Observe the swimming of fish in the water and you will understand the flight of birds in the air.
if you do that our friendship will be over.
I proposed another project to the committee.
Stand in a straight line.
Please buy me a turtle, mum, please buy me a turtle!
Where did you buy this milk?
The main meal of the day consisted of five dishes.
Johano looked at a cow.
Pink is an unnatural hair color.
I laughed nervously.
Last night he saw an unidentified flying object in the sky.
I would like to taste them.
I didn't know when Tom would be coming to pick me up.
Maybe you are cold since you are shivering?
There was a moose in the middle of the road.
She usually comes to work at 8am.
It is not possible to have everything in life.
When did the accident occur?
I am in bed with a fever.
Who bought a book in the shop?
Well, will that happen soon?
A girl has a fever.
Tom dreams about a woman with gorgeous eyes and an attractive smile.
By bicycle I could have reached your home in twenty minutes.
Is that a son or daughter?
I will eat your bananas.
Where is the wine? -- It is in the glass.
Don't speak to me in Esperanto, speak to me in English.
I asked Tom to re-park his car.
I asked Tom to move his car.
If you don't want to do it, then you don't need to do it.
When the emperor Titus was dying, he said, "Burn this body, and scatter its ashes across the seven seas, so that the God of the Jews will not find me and stand in judgment over me."
I wrote five letters to her.
I am now a member of the local association of renters.
A little is still better than nothing.
I lowered my pistol.
I opened the car door and pulled Tom out of the car.
Today's youth are bolder.
Don't even try to do this by yourself.
I pried off the lid.
I got up to leave, but Tom told me to sit back down.
I pried the lid off.
Never in my life have I seen such a downpour.
I don't know when Tom will be coming to pick me up.
Power is duty; freedom is responsibility.
Every bird has its song.
Why are you looking at the Sun?
She makes trinkets out of plexiglass.
Please stop at the bus stop.
"Do you speak Russian?" "Yeah, a bit."
I'm waiting for your message.
I'm waiting for your text.
"Good afternoon, Tom!" "Good afternoon, Mary!"
I quickly responded.
I didn't pay any attention to what Tom was doing.
They don't want to wait so long.
Tom accepted the gifts.
This is a really beautiful word.
You must fulfil your tasks.
Tom is a bad eater.
I believe the rain is over.
This is a beautiful and quiet garden.
Tom humiliated me in front of everyone.
I ran to the garage.
Why is it so noisy here?
I don't speak French, but I do understand a bit.
I sat near the door.
I received a text from Tom saying he'd be late.
Tom isn't slim because he eats little. It is for another reason.
I entered the forest.
I couldn't get any more information out of Tom.
I heard a gun go off.
What is this game called?
We need to finish this project before October.
Have your brothers won the match?
I never had a choice.
I've had three different jobs this past year.
I ran into the woods.
I didn't get any more information out of Tom.
I've got some snacks.
I couldn't help but notice Tom staring at me.
We need to know that.
I found out that Tom used to live in Boston.
The day after tomorrow will be Sunday.
He asked if he could, but it was refused.
I cracked open a beer.
I didn't recognize the song Tom was singing.
I fell quickly asleep.
I lived in downtown Boston for three years.
I hid behind the door.
I didn't really expect Tom to talk to Mary.
My life does not belong to me.
I left my car running.
Tom and I had an interesting conversation.
She twice tried to commit suicide.
I pried the door open.
I've burned all the pictures I had of Tom.
I ran to the bus stop.
I don't really expect Tom to talk to Mary.
My dog is bigger than yours.
I brought a flashlight.
I didn't respond to Tom's text right away.
We speak Swedish.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't more careful.
I flipped on the light.
I didn't like Tom going through my things.
Yep, go to Tatoeba and write it there!
I had a lovely evening.
I opened the car door and pulled Tom out.
I have my own computer.
I didn't really expect Tom to talk to me.
I have tons of friends.
Tom just started kindergarten this week.
I kicked the door open.
I regret not doing anything to help Tom.
I left the blinds open.
I initially thought Tom was a Canadian.
Tom lost his sight.
Tom has lost his sight.
Tom only speaks one language.
Tom sells radios.
I like vampire stories.
I saw Tom throw something at your dog.
I opened the back door.
I didn't take Tom's threats seriously.
I'm one of the leaders.
I decided to spend the night at Tom's.
I think that that's a sensible choice.
Ducks make great pets.
I can't get to the door.
Tom was standing just in front of us.
I crouched on all fours.
I pulled my phone out and called Tom.
That's not what was agreed.
He always does only what is most convenient for him.
The last stretch was brutal.
The last section was brutal.
You're shattered.
You're knackered.
You're whacked out.
You're worn out.
Maybe you should drink less.
Not a single snowflake has fallen.
She's the best pupil.
She's the best student.
Hold the microphone a bit further away from your mouth.
She's an exceptionally good student.
The probability isn't zero, but it almost is.
The probability's not zero, but it almost is.
They have won for the third year in a row.
They have won for the third year in succession.
They won for the third year in a row.
They won for the third year in succession.
The books have fallen from the shelf.
The books have fallen off the shelf.
The books fell from the shelf.
The books fell off the shelf.
The shelf was mounted badly.
The shelf was put up badly.
It's not easy for anyone at the moment.
That's the last hole.
No one's making a sound.
The coach gives them instructions.
The coach is giving them instructions.
The manager is giving them instructions.
The manager gives them instructions.
The season is over for him.
The season's over for him.
His season is over.
He says he was fouled.
He says it wasn't a goal.
He says the player was off the pitch.
He says the player wasn't on the pitch.
The referee blows the final whistle.
The referee is blowing the final whistle.
He can't play on.
He can't continue playing.
He's been sent off.
He has been sent off.
He has been sent off the pitch.
He's shown him the red card.
He has shown him the red card.
He showed him the red card.
The referee is showing him a card.
The referee is showing a card to him.
The defender has fouled him.
The defender fouled him.
That one there hasn't got a shirt on.
That one there hasn't got a vest on.
That one doesn't have a shirt on.
That one doesn't have a vest on.
He won't be fit in time.
He'll miss the whole season.
He won't play any more this season.
He will be out for two months.
He injured his wrist.
The match was stopped.
The game was stopped.
The game was interrupted.
He looked like a mummy.
His foot was bandaged as well.
They bandaged his head.
They put a bandage on his head.
He was taken away on a stretcher.
He was carried away on a stretcher.
He prevented a lot of goals.
He made a lot of saves.
She has injured her hand.
She injured her hand.
He has sprained his ankle.
She has injured her shoulder.
She injured her shoulder.
He fell awkwardly.
He has fallen awkwardly.
Have you brought your flask?
Did you bring your flask?
The holidays are coming up.
I dropped my flashlight.
I've met many people from Australia.
Could you get this translated?
Could I get you to translate this for me?
Would you mind translating this into French for me?
Could you get someone to translate this for me?
I heard a buzzing noise.
I noticed Tom was sleeping in class.
I know who that girl is.
I didn't expect Tom to talk to Mary.
It would be better if you made sure that he is home before calling him.
Stop pretending to be someone else just to have someone in your life. The right people will like you just as you are, and the rest of them won't stick around.
I will do everything I can to help.
It was amazing to meet you in real life!
Would you do me the honor of dancing with me?
I pried the window open.
I can neither speak nor read French.
It would be a pleasure for me to teach you a few things.
In case you come to Rio, I will be your guide.
If you come to Rio, don’t forget to call me to be your guide!
Neither students nor professors should ever stop learning.
A number is a human measurement that can't reflect how good and important the really beautiful things in life are, like love, honesty, humility, respect, and care.
I will not give up, because I have something that is worth fighting for.
I wish we could have spent more time together.
The day after tomorrow's Sunday.
The day after tomorrow's Tuesday.
I put my car in reverse.
I told Tom that I was glad to help.
I recognized that woman.
I don't expect Tom to talk to Mary.
I'm not a greedy person.
I couldn't stop thinking about Tom.
I'm renovating my house.
I reached Boston three days later.
I've renovated my house.
I extended my hand to shake Tom's.
Bad faith is so despicable!
I couldn't find my phone.
I didn't expect Tom to talk to me.
It did not rain yesterday.
Since daybreak, he hasn't stopped chattering.
I bought a small plot on a hill in the south of France to build a house in which I will live when I retire.
I don't have enough food.
Tom and I immediately hit it off.
Taro doesn't seem to have any female friends.
Children like to play in the snow.
I immediately dialed 911.
I decided to stay at Tom's place.
In winter I leave home at nine.
I left the curtains open.
Tom's house has a huge basement.
I never went there again.
Tom and I live in the same area.
He's an armchair warrior.
I opened the garage door.
Tom and I hung out for a while.
Your grandfather is looking for his laxitive.
We waited for her.
One drop of poison is enough to kill people.
Everything will soon be decided.
They measure the weight of gold in grams.
Say nothing to anyone!
Does she understand Finnish?
Don't you want to know why I said that?
I never spoke with him afterwards.
That problem is still not solved.
My uncle can drink from three bottles at the same time.
I had to wander through the whole world, until I learned that beauty is in the heart.
Which school will you go to?
Do you also want to participate in that course?
That is a teacher.
That is an older letter.
It is too early to depart.
They can easily tell that the two balls have the same weight.
That is the right choice for you.
Despite his attempts, nothing worked.
Every day is a new beginning.
He checked whether the door was locked.
I've changed departments.
I followed Tom into his office.
The Earth is our home. Let's keep it safe!
I drove across the bridge.
I decided to go back to Boston.
I knew nothing about that.
I hurried over to Tom's house.
If he comes, let me know.
I had a very interesting conversation with Tom.
I could have told you that if you'd asked me.
Today's weather is even better than yesterday's.
What did your dog eat?
My dog is a poodle.
The hotel is situated in the mountain.
I always wake up early.
I leaned against the tree.
Did you guys watch this movie?
I finally got Tom's attention.
Why did he write this book?
We have a black dog.
Sami is a Chenoui.
I'm a bit of an insomniac.
I called Tom a few more times.
I've never been a gambler.
I told Tom to go to his room.
About how many months will it take to do that?
Tom is here alone.
I'm talking about myself.
I wasn't talking about myself.
I was talking about myself.
I've never slept in class.
I never got a reply from Tom.
What's your son doing in Germany?
She broke my favorite guitar.
I couldn't prove my theory.
God bless you and your family.
I met Tom at the supermarket.
I like horse sausages.
I crouched behind the bush.
I did that when Tom was here.
I headed back to the cabin.
I've decided to tell on Tom.
The day after tomorrow is Sunday.
I ran to the train station.
I listened carefully to Tom.
I was absolutely terrified.
I shared my lunch with Tom.
I'm going to Rome, Italy.
I can still hear that noise.
I saw Tom throw something.
I eventually got used to it.
I knew that Tom was there.
There are eleven people in a soccer team.
I felt safe inside the cave.
I'm from northern Australia.
I heard something behind me.
I don't visit Tom anymore.
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it.
I heard the doorknob jiggle.
I picked Tom up downtown.
I knocked on the front door.
I decided to tell on Tom.
I locked the door behind me.
I headed back to Boston.
I'm on my way back home now.
Tom is a creepy person.
The whole polyglot ghetto started to cry.
The polyglot ghetto folks do not understand their own religion.
The Africans have better food and music.
I collect research documents about Australian Aboriginal languages.
Let's go inside the shelter.
Thomas’ tribespeople are experts in puppetry.
I helped Tom get ready.
The whole polyglot ghetto watched a marionette show in the square.
The beggar sat cross-legged on the marble steps leading to the train station.
I've known Jeff for years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
I bought some food for lunch.
I gave Tom a thumbs up.
I have to see your hand.
I decided to call the police.
I grabbed Tom's wrist.
The doctor said that he can't help Tom.
The doctor said he can't help Tom.
I decided to stay on the bus.
I contacted Tom again.
Tom speaks Dusun to Mary, because Mary is a Kadazan from Penampang.
Mary speaks Kadazan to Tom, because Tom is a Dusun from Tambunan.
I heard the same noise again.
I kept Tom waiting.
He was just standing in the middle of the bridge and staring at the river. I thought he wanted to jump down.
That day started as the other ones did.
You're a man like the other ones.
It doesn't like strangers.
We here don't like outsiders.
I've lowered my expectations.
I danced with Tom.
"You can get it at the Metropolitan Government Office," the clerk added.
You do know I hate her.
I crouched beneath the window.
I ran past Tom.
I didn't recognize that woman.
I obeyed Tom.
Every year, the 7th of July begins the Star Festival.
You do know I hate Tom, don't you?
You do know that I hate Tom, don't you?
You know that Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
You know Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
Tom and I have never gotten along very well.
I got up early to go fishing.
I'd assumed Tom went back inside.
Tom is the fifth planet of the Solar System.
Tom lives in Maryland.
I asked for something to eat.
I told Tom I'd seen Mary with John.
I'd prefer to just sit here.
I asked Tom to go with me to Boston.
I got up early to play golf.
I bet you Tom won't be at the party.
We have no rules.
I asked somebody to help me.
I'm sure that Tom will do that soon.
In the morning, the sky was clear; now it's cloudy.
I bet you that Tom won't be at the party.
I left my pack in your car.
I expect Tom to be here before lunch.
I don't mind coming early.
I don't understand what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
I don't understand what they're saying, but I know that they're speaking French.
I'll go pick Tom up.
I could've told you that if you'd asked me.
Come to Boston with us.
I asked someone to help me.
I asked Tom to help me get to my feet.
I'm in bed with a fever.
What's this game called?
It didn't rain yesterday.
I asked only one question.
I recognized Tom as soon as I saw him.
Luckily, I found my keys.
I don't think I'd like living with Tom.
They are gorillas.
Let's play hide-and-seek.
I asked Tom and Mary for their opinions.
I told Tom that I'd seen Mary with John.
I am not responsible for his death.
Intellect is not wisdom.
Rhetoric is no substitute for reality.
Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
The welfare state is not really about the welfare of the masses. It is about the egos of the elites.
A moral monopoly is the antithesis of a marketplace of ideas.
There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young.
Envy plus rhetoric equals "social justice.".
I left my bag on the bus.
I've been on a diet for over three months.
Pele is not the greatest soccer player of all time. Pele is a legend, a myth, an icon. Pele is the name of perfection in a soccer player.
I said that I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
Tom ran up the stairs as fast as he could.
The machine isn't working.
I lost a lot of time with you.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was a lot of fun.
He's tired of work.
Today's definitely not my day.
I asked for more details.
I wasn't allowed to do the things I wanted.
I don't think that I'd like living with Tom.
My life doesn't belong to me.
There's no one at work but me.
I said I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
He's fed up.
I majored in philosophy.
Tom ran down the stairs as fast as he could.
I know a doctor who is very good at what he does.
I expected this result.
I arrived in Boston late yesterday afternoon.
That's how I learned English.
Why don't you go back to the city?
I saw a frog on the road.
I think I'll watch TV.
It's been over a year since Tom has visited us.
The doctor cured him.
I ran back to my car.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at the meeting yesterday.
Who has helped them?
Who did they help?
I hope justice will be restored.
I swear that I didn't copy that.
The police asked Tom to tell them what the intruder had been wearing.
I will come of age next year.
Justice will be restored.
Shut up! Go eat shit!
Justice must be restored.
Shut up! Stop! Mind your own business.
Do I make my point clear? Do you understand what I said?
Fathers hate mothers cry. My father hates to see my mother cry.
I tried to be careful, but I ended up breaking a couple of bones.
Has Tom come yet?
I want to restore justice.
I grew up in a very small town where everyone knew everyone.
I wrote Tom a card.
Pigs are very intelligent.
Pigs are very smart.
Pigs are smarter than dogs and cats.
Pigs are adorable. I want one.
I grabbed a golf club, thinking it might make a good weapon.
I asked Tom to wait.
I got caught by a game warden for hunting without a license.
Tom is a mama's boy.
I know I'll see you again.
I put my head down on the desk and tried to get some sleep.
I asked Tom to go there.
I don't like red.
I want to translate your works into Turkish.
I saw a car parked outside your house yesterday afternoon.
I believe what Tom said.
We lament, complain, moan and start crying out in pain.
I ran back towards the campsite to see what was happening.
I asked Tom to come back.
A bear is bigger than a wolf.
I went back to my tent and crawled into my sleeping bag.
I asked Tom to come here.
No
I hope you are not like everyone else.
We found an abandoned house and lived there for a week.
I asked Tom that question.
Water is the basis for all life.
Ten people live in this house.
You seemed to be having fun at the party last night.
I believe Tom would do it.
It's soft like wool.
If I had a lot of money, I'd travel around the world.
I'll ask Tom to come over.
Free Turtle Island!
When are you returning to your country?
I sat back down at my computer and got back to work.
Enough fake news.
You should remain here until the police get here.
I asked Tom many questions.
I'm not really interested in doing that right now.
I met Tom near the station.
I pulled over on the side of the road and got out.
The meeting is next Monday.
I'd like to take a taxi.
Our cat is very high-strung.
There were muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
I'd avoid Tom if I were you.
I really liked that shirt. I should've bought it.
I asked Tom why he was angry.
A few students were late for school this morning.
I wish we'd invited Tom, too.
I heard the sound of glasses clinking together.
Did you advise Tom to do that?
I expected the concert to last a little longer.
I expect Tom to pass the test.
I didn't take that as seriously as I should've.
I won't buy anything from Tom.
I didn't get on the bus because it was crowded.
Did you see Tom at the concert?
I'm going to try to stay awake in class today.
He was carried off on a stretcher.
He was taken off on a stretcher.
Is there a place you'd like to go to?
Is there somewhere you'd like to go?
Did you see Tom at the station?
Mary couldn't sleep, while her husband Tom had slipped blissfully into the land of Nod. It's true, she thought, that you're nowhere more alone than next to someone who's asleep, although where she had heard that she no longer remembered.
He's got out on the wrong side of bed.
He got out on the wrong side of bed.
He's got out of bed on the wrong side.
He got out of bed on the wrong side.
He's a member of the family, so to speak.
They don't live together.
They're not living together.
Are you coming to the cinema with us tomorrow?
What does she mean by that?
The tram goes from the station to the port.
The tram goes from the station to the docks.
The tram goes from the station to the harbour.
The tram runs from the station to the port.
The tram runs from the station to the docks.
The tram runs from the station to the harbour.
Are we laying the table?
Are we going to lay the table?
Shall we lay the table?
Her life changed drastically with the death of her father.
All you need is time.
Let her finish speaking.
Let her say her piece.
Let her have her say.
Let them have their say.
Let them finish speaking.
How many forks do we need?
Tom will be next door.
Tom'll be next door.
This light is green.
He smashed a window.
He was taking off his coat.
Tom travels neither on the underground, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom travels neither on the tube, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom travels neither on the metro, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Is the ice cream nice?
What's this place called?
What's this square called?
What they're for, no one can say.
What they're needed for, no one can say.
His father recorded birdsong for him.
His father recorded some birdsong for him.
I'm afraid you'll have to do that by yourself.
The apple tree doesn't have much fruit on it this year.
The apple tree hasn't got much fruit on it this year.
The apple tree doesn't have much fruit this year.
The apple tree hasn't got much fruit this year.
I asked Tom why he wanted this.
She slipped quickly into the land of Nod.
The hospital is about two kilometres away.
Are you a tenant or homeowner?
Watch out! The pavement is slippery.
Mind! The pavement is slippery.
It's not clever, cycling through slush on a racing bike, but there's nothing else for it this year.
Cycling through slush on a racer isn't wise, but this year there's no alternative.
Where can you buy something to eat at this time of day?
Where can food be bought at this time of day?
Has anyone asked you anything?
Did anyone ask you anything?
The train arrived late because of the snow.
The train arrived late because of snow.
Is it right that you like salt with your coffee?
The ultimate purpose of all the arts is nothing other than entertainment.
His memory failed him.
His memory deserted him.
How can you bear this heat?
The epidemic spread further.
Isn't there any bread left?
Is there no bread left?
If you don't bring a gift, you'll make a bad impression.
The water seeped into the walls.
The water penetrated the walls.
The wood has become saturated with water.
The wood became saturated with water.
The pike was motionless in the water.
These fragments belong to a vase which has unfortunately smashed.
These fragments belong to a vase which has broken, unfortunately.
The vase was empty, which is to say it wasn't filled with anything.
Taking the hoe, he set about tilling the soil, though he tired quickly, and soon left the job to his son.
The volcano hasn't been active for a long time.
The volcano has been inactive for a long time.
Are those the ones you wanted?
"Why are you so grumpy?" "Just am."
She realised a month later that she was pregnant.
A month later she realised that she was pregnant.
Soon it will be time to pick the cherries.
It'll soon be time to pick the cherries.
Are they all like that?
The weather in the capital is rainy.
The film's got nothing to do with the book.
The film has nothing to do with the book.
The films shown in this modest cinema had an intermission during which the projectionist changed the reel.
There was an intermission in the films shown in this modest cinema, during which the projectionist changed the reel.
How many points have you scored?
There are still so many questions to ask.
The method is outdated.
Since when is that so important?
No one had even the faintest idea what might have happened.
Can you sew without using a needle?
"I can see mine, but not yours." "What are you on about again? How should I know what you mean without a given context?" "I'm talking about our socks, of course – what else?" "Well, I've put mine in the drawer. I left yours lying about. They are indeed yours, not mine."
I went to the front door to see who was there.
I believe that Tom would do it.
I ran back to the car, got in, and drove away.
I've asked Tom to mow our lawn.
I probably should've called the police sooner.
I believe most of what Tom said.
Nestor is eating chicken adobo.
I opened my suitcase and started unpacking it.
Emese lives in Hungary.
Everything is very complicated.
Everything is much more complicated than you think.
It was much more complicated than we first thought.
This train is going to Prague.
I noticed a new set of footprints in the snow.
The meeting will be next Monday.
There were swarms of rats in the dump.
He entertained her.
I pulled back the curtain and looked outside.
I'm sure I'll beat Tom next time.
Our face isn't perfectly symmetrical.
I left the theater before the fire broke out.
I first met Tom several years ago.
I know better than to do something like that.
Tom's house is just over the hill.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss is despised, and in fact excommunicated, by anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews.
No face is perfectly symmetrical.
I don't sleep in class as often as I used to.
No face has perfect symmetry.
I asked Tom which one he preferred.
I've been riding horses since I was a child.
This dog looks like a cat.
I think this umbrella belongs to Tom.
I will have another cup of coffee after lunch.
The second one who came was his wife.
Are you proud?
She threatened me.
I parked my car in the driveway and got out.
Tom hasn't been here since the flood.
A variable of global scope can be referenced anywhere in the program.
A variable of block scope can only be referenced within its own block of code set aside by the programmer.
A variable of function scope can only be referenced within a particular subroutine.
Take a shovel to it.
I left the bar as soon as the fight started.
I asked Tom for permission to do that.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss shared a podium with David Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
In the early morning the sun dazzles drivers.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss spoke at the same conference as David Duke, the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
Before we begin, let's have a quick overview of Java 8.
Before we get started, here's an overview of what we learned last week.
Before we go into Marx's theories, I'm going to give a quick overview of their historical context.
I feel awful about forgetting your birthday.
I soon lost sight of Tom in the crowd.
Awareness is necessary but not sufficient.
I've brought the website into compliance with W3C standards.
We view compliance with existing standards as important, but this does not override our own requirements.
Tinfoil hats are a Trojan horse used to force people into compliance with the status quo.
I find marijuana greatly enhances being outdoors, but I don't find the same to be true about indoor activity.
The stakeholders in a water company should be the customers and employees, not some third party.
I was the toughest kid in the neighborhood.
The people who poisoned Flint and other cities for profit should be put on trial for crimes against humanity.
I believed Tom when he said he loved me.
I can't see anything, because the sun dazzles me.
I can see nothing, because the sun dazzles me.
I picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.
I don't blame Tom for being mad at Mary.
We plan to do that the evening after next.
I've been acquainted with Tom for years.
You are more than a friend.
I've been riding horses since I was a kid.
Should I wait for Tom to do that for us?
This relationship just doesn't work.
I have rewritten the sentence.
I am considering leaving her.
All she does is complain.
You must decide for yourself.
I think that this relationship won't work.
Recently I ran into my ex-girlfriend, but she seemed not to recognize me.
What Tom prepared for lunch couldn't be eaten.
They want to read only interesting books.
I think we'd have a lot of fun doing that.
Tom accepted the job without hesitation.
We are all friends here.
After he died, everybody was relieved.
What a smart kid!
I should probably go back to the campsite.
Tom agreed to do that without hesitation.
I ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
Tom said he'd do that without hesitation.
We both arrived roughly at the same time.
Are you the one who advised Tom to do that?
"I'm having a sober New Years' party, if you're interested." "Thanks, but I don't need sobriety to have a good time."
Jesus was originally a pumpkin until he was brought to life by Cinderella's fairy godmother.
I've been spending a lot of time at home.
I believe only about half of what Tom said.
Do you know what European countries don't have access to the sea?
Tom's drinking something.
How did the cat manage to climb on the roof?
I realized that something was very wrong.
I've never asked Tom to do anything for me.
I lifted the lid and looked into the box.
I keep telling Tom to listen, but he doesn't.
I heard something rustling in the bushes.
Tom glanced at his watch and got up to leave.
I exited the store as quickly as I could.
I know who Tom is, but I've never spoken to him.
Pearl mullets, an endemic fish species found only in Lake Van in the east of Turkey, have once again embarked on their challenging journey against the tide of life, swimming upstream to get to freshwater to spawn their babies.
The festival where normally thousands of people witness the tough travel of pearl mullet every year and also celebrate and welcome the season was cancelled.
One of Turkey's rites of spring is the annual travel of the pearl mullet.
The salmon swim upstream to their spawning grounds.
Salmon return to their original birthplace to spawn.
The run up the river can be exhausting for salmon.
Fish ladders help salmon bypass man-made obstacles, such as dams.
Salmon are a keystone species.
Most salmon die after spawning.
Scientists believe that salmon may be sensitive to the Earth's magnetic field.
We smashed windows with a hammer to get in.
There are eggs in the box.
The water level has reached car windows and houses are partly submerged.
I drank some coffee to keep myself awake.
The practice of mining precious metals and stones from the Earth dates as far back as recorded human history.
I believe Tom would never do something like that.
Hannah Gjerde starts her day at her hot-mat yoga class on the front lawn of her parent’s home.
It’s too crowded in my room to do it.
Many gyms have been deemed non-essential businesses and are not allowed to open.
Many people are moving their fitness routines online.
Gjerde, a Californian, uses the backyard for her workout space, completing workouts online with an instructor at her usual yoga studio.
I think a lot of people want to try it before they buy it.
To stay motivated, the best thing to do is get one of your friends to do it, too.
Jeanette Thong, a private trainer based in Singapore, first got into fitness when she started experiencing back pain and weight gain from sitting at a desk all day at her office job.
Since the outbreak, her standards for her workout achievements have decreased.
I'm not doing as much as I was.
I'm not doing as much as I was, but I'm trying.
Usually I'm competing with the girl next to me, in my head. Now, there's no one to hold me accountable.
When this is over, I do want to look super good when I go to the beach.
The old men were talking about life.
Our class was like a family.
Researchers exploring submerged caves under Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula found evidence of a mining endeavor believed to date back thousands of years
A bright meteor lit up the sky above Tokyo.
Do what I do.
A man in Florida was killed by a brain-eating amoeba.
The amoeba enters the brain through the nose.
I didn't want to go back out in the rain.
It would be best if Tom was the one who did that.
I couldn't see exactly what was going on.
I asked whether Tom was planning to do that or not.
Tom helped the duck family cross the road.
It was p.m. on the afternoon of May 7, 1915.
The Lusitania had been struck by two torpedoes in succession and was sinking rapidly, while the boats were being launched with all possible speed.
One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest.
She was quite young, not more than eighteen.
She did not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eyes looked straight ahead.
There had been a hint of mystery about him which had appealed to her imagination.
He had a nervous way of looking over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance.
There were beads of perspiration on his brow.
The girl flushed.
I'm carrying papers—vitally important papers. They may make all the difference to the Allies in the war. You understand? These papers have got to be saved!
Will you take them?
The girl held out her hand.
Wait—I must warn you. There may be a risk—if I've been followed. I don't think I have, but one never knows. If so, there will be danger.
Have you the nerve to go through with it?
For lunch, I ate a sandwich and an apple.
I think we'd better get Tom to a doctor right away.
The girl smiled.
The boy smiled.
I realized something was terribly wrong.
I asked Tom who he was planning to go to Boston with.
This is extremely embarrassing.
Who's helped them?
I swear I didn't copy that.
I don't think that there's life on Mars.
I'll have another cup of coffee after lunch.
I'm considering leaving her.
I think this relationship won't work.
I asked whether Tom was planning on doing that or not.
Do you know which European countries don't have access to the sea?
A lot of people only care about "defending language" when it involves queer people defining themselves.
I don't know if I should do that or not.
I believe that Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
The two young people greeted each other affectionately.
I felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
Tom felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
I've never seen a raccoon in this area.
I think we'd better get Tom to the hospital right away.
I've gotten used to speaking in public.
I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.
Tommy ordered tea and buns.
Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast.
"And mind the tea comes in separate teapots," she added severely.
Tommy sat down opposite her.
His bared head revealed a shock of exquisitely slicked-back red hair.
His brown suit was well cut.
They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there.
Tuppence had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin lines of her little face.
She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair.
Her extremely short and rather shabby skirt revealed a pair of uncommonly dainty ankles.
Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness.
The tea came at last.
The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of meditation, poured it out.
We had several very enjoyable tea parties.
Since then I've been looking for a job.
Now then—your turn.
I've been job hunting!
There aren't any jobs!
There aren't any jobs! And, if there were, they wouldn't give 'em to me.
What good am I?
What do I know about business? Nothing.
"Your mother's dead, isn't she?" said Tuppence gently. Tommy nodded.
Tuppence's large grey eyes looked misty.
I've decided to head back to the cabin.
I wrote Tom a letter and asked him to come visit us this summer.
I always help old ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaires. But not one of them has ever asked me my name—and quite a lot never said 'Thank you.'
I like basmati rice.
The recipe calls for basmati rice.
It's too hot to do anything.
We like diversity.
Helen Keller was a member of the Industrial Workers of the World.
Helen Keller was a socialist, antimilitarist, and disability rights activist.
Passenger pigeons became extinct at the start of the 20th century.
The study, conducted by researchers at the New York University (NYU) School of Medicine and published Thursday in the Particle and Fibre Toxicology Journal, indicates that common fireworks displays and other commercially available fireworks that explode in the air release heavy metals such as titanium, copper, strontium and even lead particulates into the air.
A new study indicates that fireworks may be harmful to humans and animals.
Previous studies on firework safety focused on physical injuries that might be suffered as fireworks explode.
I pounded on the door, but nobody came.
Spacewalking astronauts wear a wrist mirror on each sleeve to get better views while working.
Cassidy and fellow astronaut Bob Behnken have conducted the first of at least four spacewalks to replace the last in series of old nickel-hydrogen batteries with new, more efficient lithium-ion batteries.
The batteries store energy collected by the station's solar panel arrays.
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but I also borrowed money from his wife.
I believe Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
Shall we really try it?
Let's drink to success.
She poured some cold dregs of tea into the two cups.
Here's to our joint venture, and may it prosper!
The two young people went off in opposite directions.
The employee followed the procedure.
The employee did not follow the procedure.
Tom followed the procedure.
It confused me at first.
I can assure you I mean no disrespect.
I can assure you that I mean no disrespect.
She looked him up and down.
I myself didn't do that.
Tom was the leader.
How long do spiders live?
Tom left the meeting early.
Here's the news I've been waiting for.
And what is Plan B?
There's no way to do that.
Tom likes his foster mother.
Why did you buy this horse?
Tom won by just a few votes.
Did you bring a book to read?
Tom made it to the class on time.
I don't remember the incident.
Tom often suffered from headaches.
I don't work overtime anymore.
Tom said he hadn't known about it.
I ended up calling the police.
Tom couldn't get the window closed.
I ended up sleeping in my car.
Tom lost his sight in the accident.
I entered the cave cautiously.
Tom placed his hand on my shoulder.
I was attacked in my sleep by a kitten.
I'm glad you're going to be there.
I'm glad you're going to help us.
I'm glad you're going to help Tom do that.
I'm glad you've decided not to do that.
I'm glad you've decided not to leave.
I'm glad you've decided not to resign.
You're such a fool!
It's distinctive.
I'm wishing you all the best.
Cattle will be raised by robots.
Porridge tastes best with milk.
Oat porridge tastes best with milk.
We all know gold is heavier than silver.
This is the news I've been waiting for.
This is the news that I've been waiting for.
This is the package that I've been waiting for.
This is the package I've been waiting for.
You're who I've been waiting for.
After more than a century of persecuting Jews as communists and claiming "communists killed Jesus," Christians are now claiming Jesus was a communist who was killed by Jewish capitalists.
John E. Rankin, a member of the House Un-American Activities Committee, once stated, "Communism is older than Christianity. It is the curse of the ages. It hounded and persecuted the Savior during his earthly ministry, inspired his crucifixion."
We should read the following, excerpted from "Espero Katolika" (January 1921), about the 7th Congress of Catholic Esperantists: "During that congress in Graz, we will have to found a very strong international army against the powers of blind revolution, against materialist Bolshevism, dangerous anarchism, the anti-ecclesiastic action of the Freemasons, etc..." So the Catholics are already using Esperanto to oppose our activity, to prevent our liberation.
Recently I met my ex-girlfriend, but she seemed not to recognize me.
Recently I met my ex-girlfriend, but she did not seem to recognize me.
I rewrote the sentence.
Who helped you do that?
Who is supposed to help me?
I've rewritten the sentence.
I've rewritten the report.
The turtle lives a long time.
Turtles usually live a long time.
Turtles have a lifespan of to over years.
What's the average lifespan of a frog?
Which live longer, chimpanzees or baboons?
Ten people came to the lecture.
I don't know if today is Monday or Tuesday.
Is he coming with me?
Three people died, eight were injured.
I worry too much about the mistakes I make.
Have you sent the book?
Have you sent the book yet?
Every day I water flowers in a garden.
"That I know.", said Maria with half closed eyes.
When we returned home, we heard good messages.
That does not seem to displease her.
They started to work.
They started working.
He wants me to get him everything that I have.
Don't despise yourself.
I wonder how it got broken.
Unfortunately, it was raining.
Tom believed that the priestess's prayers had healed him.
I won't check your work.
Tom thought he'd been healed by God.
Alex said that they'll do it tomorrow.
The more you own, the more you want.
That is certainly a mistake.
Before leaving home, consult the weather forecast.
Let's demand an explanation from him!
Does that mean yes or no?
I am eighty two years old.
In the room there was nobody besides him.
When was the last time you ate or drank?
You followed me here?
Did you follow me here?
The man took a card from his pocket and handed it to her with a bow.
In the United States, "right to work" is doublespeak for union-busting measures.
A pleasurable thrill of excitement made Tuppence tingle.
It was a long time before Tuppence went to sleep that night.
To arrive before the time would look over-eager. So Tuppence decided to walk to the end of the street and back again.
The party's platform is full of doublespeak aimed at dressing its misanthropic policies up in the language of liberty and justice.
In 2017, Kellyanne Conway coined the doublespeak term "alternative facts" to describe the false version of reality constructed by Donald Trump's perpetually dishonest and self-serving statements.
My sister has moved to Austria.
During the Gulf War, the U.S. Department of Defense coined the doublespeak term "visiting a site" to refer to bombing missions.
Why did you do it without my permission?
I despise it.
You don't have to stop.
They went to the construction site despite the prohibition.
The workers didn't have helmets.
Mary and Alice are pretending to be married.
Tom and John are pretending to be married.
You look so pale. Are you sick?
She's alone.
Mr. Whittington was seated behind a large desk covered with papers.
Tom broke the shop window with a hammer.
Did you send the book?
This is the last time that I lend you my car.
The workers don't have helmets.
How long are you going to tolerate his tyranny?
Out hands, that we make them work or save them, To become dust is their lot.
Who dare say to the lion: "Your mouth smells bad"?
Better sleep with torments than get up with regrets.
What are they supposed to help me with?
What I am supposed to help them with?
The white wool, if it was the lion and not the lamb that yields it, few will be those who will wear a burnous.
I enjoy hiking.
I'm into hiking.
If ploughing was a matter of gazing, anybody will thresh wheat.
I got kicked out of the store.
Tom and Mary pretended to be married to each other.
Tom suspected that it might be too late.
That's definitely a mistake.
Tom said that he'll do it tomorrow.
Tom said he'll do it tomorrow.
Tom said he won't do that tomorrow.
We won't be doing this tomorrow.
We'll be doing this again tomorrow.
Here is the entrance.
I had the house all to myself.
Tom plays the clarinet exceptionally well.
Yesterday I did not have a lot to do.
I want pants.
You are eating your chocolate.
Of course, I am a little sad to leave this city, where I have lived for many years.
In that chest there are many old coins made of copper, silver and gold.
A camel is tall, but a giraffe is taller.
Try it with a hammer.
I like stories about vampires.
Write your friend's faults on the sand!
Tom was satisfied with the way we did that.
My dream is to study Judeo-German in Vilnius.
I live in a fairly warm place.
Tom said he thought there was no life on Mars.
To say that Shlomo Sand is full of shit is putting it lightly, but the industry he is in is a lucrative one.
I'll try to keep you informed.
Tom wants his son to learn how to read French.
A lot of people lived there.
I'm not cute!
My neighbor's dog never stopped barking.
I'm a very introverted person.
Tom put his dirty clothes in the laundry basket.
The powerless are always in the wrong.
I'm leaving that for tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought there was no life on Mars.
Of course, I want to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got other pending tasks.
It's incredible that you still aren't in jail.
I lay movelessly for some seconds, trying to understand where I was.
They adopted an orphan.
I didn't think university was going to be this fun.
Currently, India lacks essential goods for living.
The lesson finishes at noon.
Yo! Hurry up! Come on!
If I told you what to do, would you do it?
We'd better go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
We should go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
It's still too early to leave.
Let's go someplace where we can talk in private.
Let me tell you how Tom and I met.
Tom returned the books he'd borrowed to the library.
The ambulance arrived soon after we called.
The ambulance arrived right away.
I've never been interested in certain things, but now it's more than a pleasure, it's almost a duty, to know at least a little about them.
I built a shed behind my house.
Tom took a book from the bookshelf and started reading it.
Many people thought that the report was poorly written.
Tom wants to eat.
I don't even have a car
It'll be almost impossible to get this plan approved.
Tom wants to drive.
I should have some time to help you in the afternoon.
Tom wants to do this.
Please let me try doing that.
Please let me try to do that.
I don't think you could stop that from happening.
Tom wants to eat now.
Let's go somewhere where the two of us can talk.
We're almost out of toilet paper.
The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.
They don't want to change.
Chickens and some other animals also get the flu.
Tom wants to go alone.
Some people say that this will change the world.
Tom wants to apologize.
The world needs to change.
Someone might think we're trying to steal this.
Tom has done a poor job.
I thought you were going to say something else.
Tom wanted to apologize.
Many people think that isn't likely to happen.
I wasn't aware that I was being recorded.
Tom wants to compromise.
Many people think that that isn't likely to happen.
Can you think of anything else we need to do?
Tom wants to cook today.
We've encountered some unexpected obstacles.
Tom wants that right now.
I borrowed this car from one of my friends.
Tom wants to be included.
Some students don't like wearing uniforms.
Tom wants to do that now.
Some experts say this is still not enough.
Tom walks like an old man.
One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.
Tom wanted to be included.
You can borrow my bicycle for a few days.
Tom wants to do that here.
They're expected to make a decision soon.
Tom wanted to get involved.
Many people say they're too busy to vote.
Tom wants to do that alone.
Incidents like this have happened before.
Tom wants to eat right now.
I think that they're just being cautious.
About how many kilometers per liter does this car get?
Many people didn't like Tom.
A lot of people have lived there.
How many students did you say there were?
People say Tom is brilliant.
They gave him a gun.
Experts say this could've been prevented.
The salad is ready, all we need to do is to add salt and pepper.
Let's stop her
Does it only avoid confrontation?
Tom might not like the food.
There's a skunk.
We don't study latin.
You guys didn't learn anything at school.
Constitution rules a State's way of living.
Do they do that right after that?
I lost a sock.
I was so sure we were going to see that!
Are you taking tests on the next session?
Why do I still listen to you after all these years?
Tom will not make the beds.
She loves Skydiving.
What nationality are your teachers?
What nationality are your teachers? Hungarians.
It's a very popular game.
Diogenes was the first punk.
What's your cell phone number?
That might happen sooner than you think.
Tom wanted to be here today.
I didn't think I would be in any danger.
People say Tom is very smart.
I caught only three fish.
Experts say TB is a preventable disease.
Tom didn't like his teachers.
People say Tom is a genius.
That isn't exactly the way it happened.
Tom is always losing his hat.
Isn't my best friend Lebanese?
They're going to Sweden to study
You're going to Brasil to construct buildings
A lot think they're rising. They're actually evaporating in the void
Did you know that Tom was Muslim?
He's taking care of if
Is the priest right?
Do they have Mexican passport?
They're not going to learn anything in Finland
He's calling everybody illitterate
Tom was taking a shower
It was no emergency
They say sometimes you have to take a risk
You're going to the polls today
My best friend was Pakistani?
They're not going to build bridges in France
Maybe he has understood
Maybe he has got it
I make an average of ten mistakes a day.
In fact, I would say just the opposite.
I didn't want to join this tournament, but they persuaded me
Tom showed the forgery to us.
Tom didn't have nightmares.
He made the laundry.
I'm still laughing out loud!
Except during the holidays, teachers cannot travel.
This hotel is better than that other one.
Love, what is that?
It seemed that nothing else happened.
Due to insufficient sales, many shops are closed.
She said that I am stupid.
I read many translations of his novels.
I should relearn German grammar. I actually forgot everything.
Do the women like a man with a beard?
I think that I will always love you.
I had to swerve to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom wants to dance with Mary.
I didn't see exactly what was going on.
Tom wants to do that himself.
How many people did you say were there?
Tom wants to do that tonight.
I understand you quite well.
I never visited the South Africa.
We're going to work in Belgium.
He has to go to jail.
Tom is in the hall and he's sleeping on the couch.
Can't they fight back?
You're making it a bigger deal than it is.
Don't you like the coffee?
They are all here.
He doesn't like kissing.
They are all there.
Oh please. Did you really think you'd be that lucky? A piece of shit like you?
I stopped seeing them.
How many people did you say there were?
Tom wants to do that with me.
Experts say this isn't always the case.
Tom wants to do that with us.
Jair Bolsonaro has coronavirus. Please pray for his swift death.
Experts say it was a difficult process.
Tom didn't say he would do so.
I work at a salon.
I've been working here for months.
I've done the work.
Critics say there may be unknown risks.
They are already awake.
Tom wants to do that for Mary.
Critics say the technology is unproven.
Tom wants to do that with you.
There's still some milk left in the bottle.
What other kinds of music do you like?
Tom helped Mary get a job here.
We sat by the fire, warming ourselves.
Tom wants that to happen again.
Yes, it's been sent.
They say these problems can be solved.
Tom wants to ask Mary for help.
There isn't enough food for everybody.
Tom wants to do something else.
There are security cameras everywhere.
Tom wants to do that right now.
The world is beautiful.
There are a lot of examples like that.
Tom wants to do that with Mary.
The language of Baluch people
That problem still hasn't been solved.
Tom did well on the examination.
They occur quite often.
Some people didn't like what they saw.
Tom eats lunch here quite often.
I thought it was supposed to be funny.
We know most of the neighbors.
Tom wanted to ask Mary for help.
Sweet dreams.
I live in a pretty rough neighborhood.
Tom wants to buy something else.
Don't eat it!
I live in a pretty quiet neighborhood.
Tom wants to do that by himself.
That's the curious part about speaking the truth. No one does believe it.
Police in Australia report a truck driver in Queensland Tuesday managed to fend off a venomous snake he encountered in the front seat of his vehicle as he drove along the highway at more than kilometers per hour.
In their report, police say the 27-year-old driver – known only as Jimmy – was driving kilometers per hour.
He used a seat belt and a knife to fight off the angry brown snake.
The snake began wrapping itself around his leg.
Police found the snake dead in the back of the truck and confirmed it was an eastern brown, highly venomous and one of the deadliest snakes in the world.
Fifteen million Americans visit Europe each year.
Lemons are the typical fruit of Italy's Amalfi Coast.
The physicists working at CERN are looking for things like antimatter and dark matter and how the universe works.
No selfies will be allowed in front of Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece.
No selfies will be allowed in front of the Mona Lisa.
What do you think is wrong with that?
Tom wants to do that on his own.
What is this going to lead to?
You've only got one idea in your head.
The day passed pleasantly.
I am glad to see that you are capable of learning.
The page was perforated so that it could be easily torn off.
There isn't enough food for everyone.
Tom wants to eat something else.
The proof is intuitive.
Many insects die off in the winter because it is too cold for them to survive.
Flies fall prey to the spider's web.
I'm waiting for the ice cream to thaw. It's frozen solid.
I am happy to hear that you admit a mistake.
This cereal has a nice crunch to it.
I'm the exact opposite of my brother.
What is Tom's ranch really like?
I spent all morning cleaning my room.
I bought what Tom told me to buy.
I pulled the key out of the ignition.
Tom told Mary all about his trip.
I've never been to America.
I heard laughter from the other room.
Tom wants to ask Mary to do that.
I have no idea which direction to go.
Tom wants to become a lumberjack.
I got down and hid in the tall grass.
Tom wants to do that after lunch.
I dressed up for the Halloween party.
Tom wants to do that another way.
I accidentally knocked over the vase.
I bought what Tom asked me to buy.
Companies say advertising is helpful.
Tom said you sounded like a robot.
You all think I'm licked, don't you?
Tom wanted to ask Mary to do that.
We never found out who that man was.
Tom wants to ask Mary to help him.
It was supposed to be funny.
Things will never be the same again.
Tom wants to do that this morning.
That's not an uncommon thing to say.
Tom wants to drink something else.
May I think about that for a moment?
Don't you like coffee?
Tom cares about no one but himself.
Nobody understands her.
Nobody understands him.
I would like to speak to a lawyer.
I'd like to speak to a lawyer.
I've just finished the report.
I realized that something was wrong.
Tom didn't say that he would do so.
Tom asked to speak to the manager.
Mary asked to speak to the manager.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager this instant.
I realized something was very wrong.
Tom made vegetable soup last night.
I introduced myself to the stranger.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to help him.
I heard someone banging on the door.
Tom wants to be appointed chairman.
I heard a loud noise on the balcony.
I don't know what is to be done.
I know the person in the picture.
This house is five hundred years old.
I bought Tom what he said he needed.
You have a headache because you're horny as fuck.
Our soup of the day is beer.
I haven't felt this good in a while.
I bought Tom what he said he wanted.
Tom's favourite bird is a kookaburra.
Passing is prohibited here.
They won't overtake me.
Likewise, passing is prohibited on bridges.
He passed me on the right.
We can confirm this.
How come you don't know?
I have no intention of selling it.
Thank you very much for the beautiful card.
I have nothing against those people.
He's blackmailing her.
He gave her his credit card.
Tom gathered up his things and left.
What's he doing to her?
She and I want to be friends.
Why would he be blackmailing her?
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new address.
What's 'thank you' in Berber?
I'm glad to see you're capable of learning.
I had no idea which direction to go.
Tom gets angry if he's contradicted.
This is the last time I lend you my car.
Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Tom entered the teachers' room even though students weren't supposed to.
Take that digusting thing out of your ear.
"What's that?" "It's a gun." "Give it here!"
The baby is turning blue. Call an ambulance!
I called the authorities right away.
"I'll never marry." "I'll never marry either."
Tom learned to do that the same way.
If I don't marry you, I'll never marry.
If you kill, I'll find you.
The computer might not work.
The child doesn't want to sleep.
They went to the construction site despite the fact that it was prohibited.
"I don't think I'll ever get married." "I don't think I will either."
Can I please use your restroom?
You and I have some mutual friends.
Tom said he'd been to Boston before.
No, you may not see that.
I only use my air conditioning during the hottest days in summer.
We continued walking for some time.
Tom stayed behind with some friends.
Yellow is a primary colour of pigments, but not of light; those are only red, green, and blue.
He buckled his belt.
I had to buy a separate adapter to use the headset with my newest phone.
Maria disappeared without a trace. Maybe they kidnapped her.
I think that that is a sign of love.
I will need her help.
I had never seen an indigo bunting until I moved here.
Why didn't you bring your umbrella?
I still did not run.
She showed her baby to the guest.
I am too young to die!
If you have a teenager son or daughter, you must read it!
The first half of the movie was captivating, but the ending was anticlimactic.
He would often come here for a chat on Sundays.
Were my questions difficult?
On Sundays, he would often come here for a chinwag.
You were at the airport to say goodbye to him.
Don't go work as a teacher in Uganda.
Are they going in China to build cemeteries?
He seemed awfully cagey when I asked him what he needed the additional supplies for.
Is he a bottom-feeder?
Her parents are Americans, but she is a Brazilian.
Is he an opportunist?
You don't have to follow Tom.
Most programmers frown upon that approach because it doesn't scale well.
You don't need to follow Tom.
Remember to use the pesto sauce for the pasta today.
You used to stand up.
My parents really liked you.
Here we go changing again!
Thanks for your help guys!
Any insult leads to death.
Have you considered buying a new showerhead?
What nationality were your female friends? French.
That testimony might help convict him, but it would not be admissible in court.
Pilewort exhibits great phenotypic plasticity, its size and growth habit varying wildly on different sites.
That would be a good way to say it.
Unlike Virginia creeper, woodbine cannot climb smooth walls because its tendrils lack adhesive discs.
I wonder if we can redesign the comment system so as to put a damper on all the negativity.
Tom wants people to know about that.
Foma hasn't heard this song yet.
There is a large patch of mugwort along the back side of the parking lot.
One of my friends told me that if you drink mugwort tea before going to bed, it makes you have interesting dreams.
I find mugwort really difficult to control because of its tendency to resprout vigorously from rhizomes.
White vervain is sometimes confused with nettles, but its inflorescence is completely dissimilar.
It's not always easy to tell Japanese and Chinese apart.
I'm looking forward to the holiday.
Foma is my older brother.
Tom wants the same thing Mary wants.
He's sitting on the floor and playing with his toys.
I wouldn't say that's the best one.
Tom wants to eat Italian food today.
She studied for five and a half years.
I don't always follow traffic regulations.
It's a nice view on the river.
I eventually got used to the smell.
Tom wants to eat at that restaurant.
I really like to study foreign languages.
I'm proud to have her as a friend.
You're so very adorable.
They were discussing the plans for the party.
Reality is the funniest thing in the world.
I eventually got used to the noise.
I bought Tom what I promised I'd buy.
I don't think there's life on Mars.
Tom didn't say how much was too much.
Single-payer healthcare is necessary so that no one is dependent on a company that decides not to cover their healthcare for "religious" reasons.
I collected my belongings and left.
Tom followed the rules to the letter.
The PDF is searchable.
Only the English parts of the PDF are searchable, unfortunately.
I climbed over the fence to escape.
Tom sent me something from Australia.
A language is a vast country, and the possibilities it offers to a traveler are as extensive as they are abundant.
Thanks to everyone who's here!
I made it just because of you.
who told you to disassemble the mouse?
What nationality were our cousins? Irish.
Where can we buy chilli peppers?
Aren't we going to teach in Lettonia?
I think we're travelling for work in Iceland.
I'm just always busy.
I'll try to fall asleep with the hope of dreaming of you.
Please, don't forget to take that medication twice a day, morning and night.
Some of my friends live abroad.
Some of my friends are abroad.
It became a mentor.
I think all of this is a lie.
Don't be afraid, I won't tell the police.
Don't we have literature class on Thursday?
I bought vegetables and some fruit.
How many jobs can teachers do?
What a joker!
What a buffoon!
He might take long steps.
Tom showed me the way to the station.
I bought some new camera equipment.
Tom wants the same things Mary wants.
It seems that the man is never satisfied with anything.
Doctors say this is a serious risk.
I am not afraid that I will be dead someday, because this is nothing new to me. I was dead before – before I was conceived.
Tom was infuriated by what Mary said.
Tom didn't know Mary was in the club.
Nice to see you!
Can you tell the difference between these two paintings?
What's a typical day like for you?
Tom didn't like either of the choices.
This bag is very heavy
I chopped chickpea.
Weather is nice today
Have you used my camera?
I am not Rich
I hope I somehow make ends meet.
Look, there's my friend
There's no point in talking to him.
I'll bring a bottle of wine.
Please confirm the receipt.
There's enough food for everybody.
Tom didn't like either of the options.
They were standing face to face.
Many of these people are homeless.
Tom doesn't get along with his father.
Let's do it like we did yesterday.
Tom eats lunch here from time to time.
I've never fallen asleep in class.
Tom has a large family to provide for.
A liar has to have a good memory.
A liar needs to have a good memory.
I noticed tire tracks in the snow.
Tom has taught music for thirty years.
I eventually got used to the cold.
Tom is bigger than all the other boys.
I see Tom every weekend.
I didn't understand that at first.
I have three weeks of vacation.
Tom is fatter than all the other boys.
Stop clowning around!
Who were the Visigoths?
It's an old Visigoth text.
The next day passed slowly.
Walking is cheap.
How could you be so mean!
I couldn't find my shoes anywhere.
Tom is in the bookstore, buying books.
I chased the dog out of the store.
Tom is taller than all the other boys.
I apologized for doing what I did.
Tom prides himself on his punctuality.
Experts say this can be prevented.
Tom said he didn't like either choice.
There's enough food for everyone.
Tom wanted the same thing Mary wanted.
Some people find me intimidating.
Tom always wants to have the last word.
Slaves were treated like animals.
Tom asked me whether I knew how to sew.
I opened the passenger side door.
Tom dropped his sandwich on the ground.
I live in a relatively safe area.
Tom is smarter than all the other boys.
A paddock is not a pasture in which horses can graze; rather, it is an enclosure suitable as an arena for horse training and exercise.
I left the store and headed home.
Tom wanted the same things Mary wanted.
Tom is counting the days.
I inherited my father's property.
Tom wants to be asked to do that again.
I felt that we were going to die.
Tom wants to do his homework right now.
I have Danish nationality.
I don't know who stole my guitar.
Tom wants to do that as much as you do.
Tom promised to help, but he didn't.
Nobody opened the door.
Get well soon, kid!
That's civil war.
Is the spirit of it wrong?
Where have I seen you before?
Let's just leave him alone!
Peter is inside the house.
It's cold over there!
These are our dining halls!
These are our cafeterias!
I can't afford to buy that shirt.
I bought everything Tom asked me to buy.
I'm impatiently waiting for morning, because I'll begin travelling to Asia.
Tom didn't want his suitcase to be heavy, so he was careful not to pack too much.
Do you think this is a good idea?
Tom looked after my dog for three weeks.
Mary isn't married.
Why are you here so early today?
Tom read the letter over and over again.
What does the average Joe think?
Tom wants the same thing to happen here.
We need to look into the matter.
Tom borrowed three hundred bucks from me.
We went to the theatre.
We were at the theatre.
We need to get out of town fast.
Tom fell in love with a much older woman.
They looked like giant monsters.
Tom has landed himself a really good job.
That isn't exactly why I'm here.
Tom isn't good at making quick decisions.
Researchers say this isn't true.
Tom said that he'd been to Boston before.
Assigning you a difficult task without the resources to accomplish it is just setting you up for failure.
Many employers wouldn't do that.
Tom spends his free time making whistles.
Lot was a prophet of God.
I've decided to call the police.
Tom wants the same thing to happen again.
Buy two containers of milk. We're going to make a cake.
People with a given skin color do not form a genetic clade.
A skin color is not a lineage.
I'd never seen a raccoon before.
Tom wants to buy Mary a birthday present.
I think that everyone is scared.
The birds ate the bread crumbs.
Tom was ordered to leave, but he refused.
Thomas isn't a professional.
Sir, this is a public place. I'm going to have to ask you to keep it down.
Ma'am, this is a public place. I'm going to have to ask you to keep it down.
Tom is a rent-a-cop.
Tom's a rent-a-cop.
Tom's a mall cop.
Tom is a mall cop.
Tom's a cop. Don't talk to him.
Tom's a pig. I saw him driving around in his cop car.
Tom sent his sandwich back.
I live on the outskirts of town.
The winner will get three hundred dollars.
The apple is falling from the tree.
Is there a pharmacy near here?
I have no idea who that man was.
Tom asked me to wake him up for breakfast.
Tom hasn't done a good job.
I ended up sleeping in the barn.
He's at the airport.
Tom doesn't know much about Mary's family.
The car is equipped with numerous optional accessories.
Kittens love to cuddle.
Kittens are soft and fluffy.
Kittens are very playful.
She often comes over to my place.
Hi !
No / Nope
I don't know who took my guitar.
I am very busy
Do you need something to drink ?
Tom runs the business with his three sons.
Czech railways need better security so that rail accidents with tragic consequences can be prevented.
We should get started on that basement.
A face covering is required.
America is deeply sick.
The train driver didn't wait for the oncoming train to pass by.
I didn't know it was possible to be more jaded than I was four years ago.
I don't know who stole my phone.
Should people be afraid of traveling by train?
Tom asked me whether I knew how to do that.
The train collision had tragic consequences.
They don't care about the safety of passengers.
This railroad isn't equipped with any security system.
I called the police immediately.
Tom didn't know how to change his password.
Try to avoid making blanket statements.
The American beech is among the most shade-tolerant hardwoods of eastern North America.
For Christ's sake, leave the man alone.
Traffic calming is more effective at improving safety than merely ticketing speeders.
The city has been promoting mixed-use development as a way of increasing walkability.
The folic acid used in fortified foods poses greater health risks than naturally occurring folates.
We have a lot of yellow-rumped warblers here in winter.
The warp nacelles on the Starship Enterprise are inspired by similar engine housings on actual aircraft.
The European debt crisis led some to question the status of the Euro as a hard currency.
No submissions will be accepted after the June 1st cutoff.
The program allows pre-tax deduction of the cost of a monthly transit pass.
Although the cinematography was well-executed, the sound effects were amateurish.
How many did you say were there?
The hooded crow is unmistakeable with its alternating splotches of black and gray.
She was pushing the drug so hard, I swore she must be getting some kind of kickback.
Tom has three sons who have become lawyers.
Chewing on fennel seeds can keep your breath fresh.
Most English dialects lack uvular consonants.
Pothos needs little light and can be easily grown in a north-facing window.
How many did you say there were?
Tom looked like he wanted to start a fight.
I take accountability for my mistake.
I am not interested, but thank you.
How did your students like that?
Tom owns a very valuable piece of property.
I'm not interested; sorry.
Experts say it's still possible.
We shouldn't speak ill of the dead.
Tom wants to do that as badly as Mary does.
Why are kittens so cute?
Would you like another example?
Tom wants to do that, and I don't blame him.
Hatred is, indeed, never appeased by hatred in this world. It is appeased by loving-kindness. This is an ancient law.
I've changed my stance on that.
Take everything in moderation, especially moderation.
Tom worked for our company for thirty years.
The coat of arms of Russia is very beautiful.
I'm saving up for a new guitar.
I bought everything that Tom asked me to buy.
I sat back down at my computer.
The snake began wrapping itself around Tom's leg.
Tom might not like what we're planning to do.
The snake began wrapping itself around her leg.
The snake wrapped itself around Tom's leg.
The snake wrapped itself around his leg.
The snake wrapped itself around her leg.
The pool water is cold.
What if someone sees us together?
Did you have a fight or something?
Did you have a fight?
Did you guys have a fight or something?
Did you and Tom have a fight or something?
I realized something was wrong.
Tom wants to buy a birthday present for Mary.
What were you going to do in Russia?
What did you go to Russia to do?
What did he go to Russia to do?
You, the person reading this, are beautiful.
Tom is a cat.
Tom's a cat.
Tom is a tomcat.
Tom's a tomcat.
I heard the rustling of leaves.
NASA's Perseverance Mars rover has been attached to the top of the rocket that will send it toward the Red Planet this summer.
Tom's mother helped him get ready for school.
The Mars Perseverance rover's astrobiology mission will search for signs of ancient microbial life.
The Mars Perseverance rover will also characterize the planet's climate and geology, pave the way for human exploration of the Red Planet, and be the first planetary mission to collect and cache Martian rock and regolith.
As a moon orbits, its gravity pulls on the planet, causing a temporary bulge in the planet as it passes.
He stole her heart.
The final outcome is catastrophic.
She stole his heart.
Tom stole Mary's heart.
We do not know when or how the first stars and galaxies in the universe formed.
For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket.
For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket, and for the first time in history, those astronauts flew on a commercially built and operated spacecraft.
The SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft carrying NASA astronauts Robert Behnken and Douglas Hurley lifted off at 3:p.m. EDT on May 30, 2020, from Launch Complex 39A at NASA Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
The spacecraft was launched atop a reusable SpaceX Falcon rocket.
Why was she so upset?
Why was he so upset?
Tom looked at her suspiciously.
She looked at him suspiciously.
She was reluctant to leave.
He was reluctant to leave.
They were reluctant to leave.
I teach languages.
I like teaching languages.
I'm a languages teacher.
You're an awesome teacher.
You do inspire me.
I heard footsteps following me.
Tom's voice sounds a bit like an old woman's.
Social isolation takes a toll on our health.
Sometimes social isolation is necessary due to emergencies like a global pandemic.
NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station.
NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station as they will during missions to the Moon and Mars.
Why was she so nervous?
Why was he so nervous?
There's a party later tonight.
I wouldn't call myself a Francophone; I speak and read just a little bit.
I appreciate you saying that, though.
Why is Tom so nervous?
It's normal to hate people who want to kill you.
It's normal to hate specific people who want to kill you.
Hate has its place.
It was the start of a beautiful friendship.
One way astronauts endure isolation in space is knowing that their work has a social impact.
The Moon landing helped people around the world feel more united because they felt the sense of belonging, of oneness, with shared hopes and dreams fulfilled.
During a global pandemic, staying home is one way we contribute to our community.
People who are open tend to be more resilient because they see more ways to approach a problem and adapt to life’s challenges.
Those who are more open are often more positive, helpful and flexible in their approaches to tasks.
Being open helps us adapt to life’s changes.
To stay physiologically, emotionally and psychologically fit in isolation, astronauts exercise, eat healthy, follow a sleep and work schedule, and make time for leisure activities.
Family communication is important.
Crews on space station make contact via video chat with friends and family to feel less separated from their loved ones on Earth.
Astronauts write in journals to express their feelings.
Mindfulness and other coping strategies can help ease crew stress and psychologically reframe a situation to turn negatives into positives.
Meditation can be practiced nearly anywhere.
The downtime of isolation is a good chance to reflect on our strengths and build upon them.
Hatred has its place.
I'm not sure if I can come tomorrow.
It was an exhilarating feeling.
I grew up in a very small town.
It was a nice feeling.
It was a great feeling.
That was very exhilarating.
It was an exhilarating experience.
Months passed before Tom could get out of bed.
I inherited all the land that my father owned.
Will you have dinner with me tonight?
I fell asleep in history class.
Tom wants to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Don't make it easy for him.
Don't make it easy for her.
Don't make it easy for Tom.
COVID-can cause serious damage to the brain.
Does that mean you'll have dinner with me tonight?
This lecture hall is big, and that one is small.
We can see each other tomorrow evening.
Madame Berthe's mouse lemur is the smallest primate in the world.
Lemurs are native to Madagascar.
I exited through the back door.
Tom is used to handling this kind of situation.
Bermuda enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the world.
I ended up agreeing to do that.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Don't let it out.
Don't let him out.
I don't know who took my phone.
Tom gets angry whenever someone contradicts him.
Unemployment is very low.
The principal livestock is sheep.
There is a small tourist industry.
Civilian rule was restored in 1985.
Germany annexed the island in 1888.
Spain ceded Guam to the US in 1898.
The country's currency is the euro.
The currency is pegged to the Euro.
Economic mismanagement is prevalent.
Tourism employs 17% of the workforce.
Tuvalu has substantial assets abroad.
Bermuda must import almost everything.
Inflation has been kept under control.
Mali remains dependent on foreign aid.
Several attempts at separation failed.
Uganda faces many economic challenges.
Only eight of the atolls are inhabited.
Unemployment remains persistently high.
The US Navy took over the atoll in 1934.
Half of the island remains uninhabitable.
The last Russian troops withdrew in 1993.
Eswatini is a lower-middle-income country.
The standard of living is relatively high.
Tunisia has a history of labor emigration.
Unregulated fishing is an ongoing problem.
Growth slowed to an estimated 1.4% in 2017.
Offshore oil and gas exploration has begun.
Laos held the chairmanship of ASEAN in 2016.
Power cuts and water shortages are frequent.
Several businesses have been renationalized.
Tax revenues come mainly from import duties.
Exports now account for more than 40% of GDP.
Since then, the economy has slowly rebounded.
Some basic foodstuffs must still be imported.
Unemployment and underemployment remain high.
An aging population will be a long-term issue.
Bartering is an important part of the economy.
Poland joined NATO in and the EU in 2004.
The public sector dominates economic activity.
An insurgency led by Maoists broke out in 1996.
Living standards come close to those of the UK.
Mining accounts for the lion's share of output.
Romania joined NATO in and the EU in 2007.
Spain is the Eurozone's fourth-largest economy.
Tourism has become the mainstay of the economy.
Diamonds contribute an additional 5% to exports.
Inflation has remained under control since 2006.
Tax rates are low to attract foreign investment.
The US and China are the top users of the Canal.
The country is vulnerable to devastating storms.
Togo is both a country of emigration and asylum.
Wealth is concentrated in the hands of the rich.
All food and manufactured goods must be imported.
Forestry and farming are minor components of GDP.
The US occupied and reclaimed the island in 1935.
Communist partisans took over the country in 1944.
Electricity is available to 83% of the population.
Mining has declined in importance in recent years.
Negotiations for territorial status began in 1972.
Puerto Ricans were granted US citizenship in 1917.
The archipelago attained its independence in 1971.
The economy grew by 2.0% in and 2.1% in 2017.
The fiscal deficit amounted to 11% of GDP in 2017.
Denmark is a member of the EU but not the eurozone.
President Bouterse was reelected unopposed in 2015.
Squash, vanilla beans, and yams are the main crops.
The country joined NATO in and the EU in 2007.
The economy is expanding after a period of decline.
The islands also are claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
Denmark is experiencing a modest economic expansion.
GDP growth picked up in as mineral prices rose.
Iraq attained its independence as a kingdom in 1932.
Oil and agriculture are mainstays of Chad's economy.
Tajikistan became a member of the WTO in March 2013.
Today the islands are a US National Wildlife Refuge.
Agriculture continues to employ 80% of the workforce.
Burundi gained its independence from Belgium in 1962.
Iceland's three largest banks collapsed in late 2008.
Less than 3% of Costa Rica's population lives abroad.
Poverty reduction has stagnated since the late 1990s.
Spain and the UK continue to spar over the territory.
The Faroe Islands are not part of the European Union.
The US took formal possession of the islands in 1867.
Two-thirds of the 12,inhabitants fled the island.
At least 20% of El Salvador's population lives abroad.
Autonomy was granted in and independence in 1979.
China owns about 50% of Tajikistan's outstanding debt.
Gold, bauxite, and diamonds are Guinea's main exports.
Karzai was reelected in August for a second term.
Paraguay achieved its independence from Spain in 1811.
The country also has tremendous agriculture potential.
About 80% of the population is employed in agriculture.
Djibouti has few natural resources and little industry.
In 1830, Belgium seceded and formed a separate kingdom.
Palm oil and cocoa are emerging as new export products.
Subsequently, the US Air Force assumed control in 1948.
Subsistence farming is the dominant form of livelihood.
The Gambia gained its independence from the UK in 1965.
The US annexed Wake Island in for a cable station.
Burundi joined the East African Community (EAC) in 2009.
Burundi's second democratic elections were held in 2005.
Kazakhstan's total oil production in climbed 10.5%.
Local drug use and associated violent crime are growing.
Paraguay is the fifth largest soy producer in the world.
Public debt had more than doubled between and 2015.
Slovakia joined the EU in and the eurozone in 2009.
Did you seriously mean that?
The Netherlands granted the colony independence in 1975.
The same family has ruled Brunei for over six centuries.
A small light industry sector caters to the local market.
Migration to the US resumed under relaxed migration laws.
Sectarianism is a key element of Lebanese political life.
The UK had a debt burden of 90.4% GDP at the end of 2017.
Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported.
Foreign investment and EU funding aided in the transition.
In 2004, South Korea's GDP surpassed one trillion dollars.
Jamaica gradually increased its independence from Britain.
Laos became a member of ASEAN in and the WTO in 2013.
Lebanon's borders with Syria and Israel remain unresolved.
More than 50% of the population is less than years old.
Only 20% of Montenegro's hydropower potential is utilized.
Tourism also holds a significant place in Kenya's economy.
Tourism has some potential as a source of income and jobs.
With US help, dictator Manuel Noriega was deposed in 1989.
A new government and constitution went into effect in 1978.
Celtic tribes arrived on the island between and BC.
Chad has the world's third-highest maternal mortality rate.
In 2015, Serbia's GDP was 27.5% below where it was in 1989.
Namibia is one of the world's largest producers of uranium.
The agriculture sector is small, and most food is imported.
The rural population subsists primarily on nomadic herding.
Tuvalu has few natural resources, except for its fisheries.
Corruption and weak rule of law remain significant problems.
Currently, the region supports 10-million head of cattle.
Jordan lost the West Bank to Israel in the Six-Day War.
Kosovo enjoys lower labor costs than the rest of the region.
Kosovo's tie to the euro has helped keep core inflation low.
Since that time, food assistance has declined significantly.
Sporadic rebel campaigns continued throughout and 2007.
The US cut off diplomatic relations with Iran in April 1980.
The country remains the poorest in the former Soviet sphere.
The islands have few commercially valuable mineral deposits.
Tourism from specialized cruise ships is increasing rapidly.
Agriculture is vulnerable to weather and climate variability.
Agriculture represented about 1% of Jersey's economy in 2016.
Antigua has not yet returned to its pre-crisis growth levels.
Greece achieved independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1830.
Harvesting finfish and krill are potential sources of income.
Hydrocarbon exploration has ceased with declining oil prices.
Latvia also joined the eurozone in and the OECD in 2016.
Morocco maintains a heavy security presence in the territory.
Output by had fallen to less than 40% of the level.
The area remained a colony for some two and a half centuries.
The country fell under communist rule following World War II.
The country stagnated economically for the next half century.
Pass the ball to me.
A few expeditions visited the island in the late 19th century.
A five-percent value-added tax was introduced in January 2018.
About 90% of the population relies on subsistence agriculture.
Elsisi was reelected to a second four-year term in March 2018.
Five years later, Japan formally annexed the entire peninsula.
Foreign direct investment inflows have slowed in recent years.
In 1935, the Philippines became a self-governing commonwealth.
In 1992, the US closed its last military bases on the islands.
Per capita income is about two-thirds that of the US mainland.
A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Both US and British companies mined for guano until about 1890.
Greenland, the world's largest island, is about 79% ice-capped.
Honduras's economy depends heavily on US trade and remittances.
Its principal exports are iron ore, rubber, diamonds, and gold.
Jerry Rawlings took power in and banned political parties.
Kenya is a source of emigrants and a host country for refugees.
North Yemen became independent from the Ottoman Empire in 1918.
Sierra Leone has been a source of and destination for refugees.
The British Indian Army played a vital role in both World Wars.
A border war with Peru that flared in was resolved in 1999.
About 60% of the country's large youth population is unemployed.
Islam spread across the subcontinent over a period of years.
Most manufactured goods and petroleum products must be imported.
Norway opted out of the EU during a referendum in November 1994.
Potatoes are an important export crop, shipped mostly to the UK.
The manufacturing sector mainly processes agricultural products.
The oil sector had driven much of Sudan's GDP growth since 1999.
Afghanistan's living standards are among the lowest in the world.
An estimated 4.million, more than 40%, of Beninese live abroad.
Burundi continues to face many economic and political challenges.
Electricity prices in Senegal are among the highest in the world.
Georgia was absorbed into the Russian Empire in the 19th century.
Hadi fled to Aden in February and rescinded his resignation.
High unemployment remains the most serious macroeconomic problem.
I won't be home tonight.
In 1949, Norway abandoned neutrality and became a member of NATO.
In 1967, Britain gave Grenada autonomy over its internal affairs.
In 2000, Saudi Arabia and Yemen agreed to delineate their border.
Kenya's real GDP growth has averaged over 5% for the last decade.
Peru is the world's second-largest producer of silver and copper.
The country has few natural resources and a weak industrial base.
The government is attempting to diversify its industry and trade.
The government is struggling to reverse a surge in violent crime.
The government passed important pension, tax, and fiscal reforms.
The island's economy has been dominated by three main industries.
The project was delivered on time and only slightly above budget.
Unemployment has fallen but remains high, especially among youth.
About 5,of these refugees received permits to reside in Gabon.
Almost two-thirds of the island has been declared a national park.
It's not only today that we have to be here. We have to be here tomorrow, too.
It's not only today we have to be here. We have to be here tomorrow, too.
Bottled water exports to the US is Fiji's largest domestic export.
Most capital goods and food for domestic consumption are imported.
The island of Anguilla rebelled and was allowed to secede in 1971.
In referenda held in and 1994, Norway rejected joining the EU.
Industrial activity is concentrated on processing farm commodities.
Johnston and Sand Islands were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
Much of the workforce is employed in banana production and tourism.
Since 1990, Poland has pursued a policy of economic liberalization.
The majority of these emigrants are well-educated and middle-class.
Today, Tajikistan is the poorest among the former Soviet republics.
US minimum wage laws apply in Puerto Rico, hampering job expansion.
About three-quarters of the population lives below the poverty line.
Agriculture provides a subsistence livelihood for 85% of the people.
Beef, coffee, and gold are Nicaragua's top three export commodities.
Copper is Chile's top export and provides 20% of government revenue.
Kim Jong Un was publicly unveiled as his father's successor in 2010.
Nearly 90% of the islands' food and consumer goods must be imported.
Slovakia traces its roots to the 9th-century state of Great Moravia.
The British captured the island in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars.
The remaining elements of the Khmer Rouge surrendered in early 1999.
This uninhabited island was claimed by the US in for its guano.
France's real GDP grew by 1.9% in 2017, up from 1.2% the year before.
In 2014, the Greek economy began to turn the corner on the recession.
Macedonia gained its independence peacefully from Yugoslavia in 1991.
Natural gas reserves amount to an estimated billion cubic meters.
The island was uninhabited when first settled by the British in 1627.
Turkey joined the UN in 1945, and in it became a member of NATO.
A referendum on independence from the UK was soundly defeated in 1995.
Congress approved legislation in December to cap public spending.
Corruption and red tape continue to permeate the business environment.
Federal grants have also contributed to economic growth and stability.
In and 2011, the federal budget deficit reached nearly 9% of GDP.
Over the last few decades, Thailand has reduced poverty substantially.
Poland's history as a state began near the middle of the 10th century.
The British founded Singapore as a trading colony on the site in 1819.
The Czech Republic joined NATO in and the European Union in 2004.
The country's banking sector is sound and predominantly foreign owned.
The islands became a republic in 1968, three years after independence.
A UN-led process began in late to determine Kosovo's final status.
The Genoese built a fortress on the site of present-day Monaco in 1215.
The fish processing business accounted for 15.5% of employment in 2015.
The islands continued to serve as a naval station until closed in 1993.
Three years later, overrun by the Soviets, Romania signed an armistice.
Azerbaijan has made limited progress with market-based economic reforms.
Both US and British companies mined for guano deposits until about 1890.
Cabo Verdeans have settled in the US, Europe, Africa, and South America.
Cartier Island, a former bombing range, became a marine reserve in 2000.
China continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization.
Inflation remained very low in 2016, down from an average of 4% in 2014.
Many adults missed out on schooling because of warfare and displacement.
Online gambling sites provided about 10% of the island's income in 2014.
He's travelling to Canada for business.
Are you going to Greece to build Jym Clubs?
Subsequent constitutional reforms restored relative political stability.
What nationality are our relatives? Portuguese.
I'll deal with her in person.
They would sell themselves for a fist of peanuts.
The French Territory of the Afars and the Issas became Djibouti in 1977.
You made a really good impression.
He's going to Pakistan to build stores.
The UAE, in recent years, has played a growing role in regional affairs.
The UK established a protectorate over the Solomon Islands in the 1890s.
The cost of electricity is a chief constraint for Senegal's development.
The discovery of oil on Trinidad in added another important export.
The fisheries sector accounts for about 97% of exports, and half of GDP.
The last decades of the 20th century saw a boom in the tourism industry.
The peak of mining employment in South Africa occurred during the 1980s.
Unemployment reached 16% in but declined to 11.5% in December 2017.
Agriculture and industry are limited due to the small size of the island.
Britain took the island in and vigorously expanded sugar production.
Despite slow growth, Guam's economy has been stable over the last decade.
Illegal logging and trafficking in narcotics also play significant roles.
In 1995, the country held its first democratic elections since the 1970s.
Johnston Island and Sand Island were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
Timber and diamonds account for most export earnings, followed by cotton.
A protracted independence struggle with France ended successfully in 1956.
Afro-Colombian and indigenous populations are disproportionately affected.
Agricultural exports, including fish, make up two-thirds of total exports.
Agriculture accounts for one-fifth of output and two-fifths of employment.
Authorities plan to emphasize services and innovation in the coming years.
Banking reforms have helped increase private-sector growth and investment.
Between and 2013, growth averaged nearly 5% per year, led by exports.
By the end of the 14th century, Lithuania was the largest state in Europe.
Falling oil prices since have aggravated Venezuela's economic crisis.
France repurchased the island in and took control the following year.
Malta's economy is dependent on foreign trade, manufacturing, and tourism.
More than 500,Cuban workers are currently registered as self-employed.
Syria united with Egypt in February to form the United Arab Republic.
That same year, the British began the first organized colonial settlement.
The conquest of Vietnam by France began in and was completed by 1884.
Agriculture accounts for about one-third of GDP and 80% of export revenues.
Albania joined NATO in April and in June became an EU candidate.
Austere economic policies have significantly affected economic performance.
Australia is a significant exporter of natural resources, energy, and food.
Who called him?
Austria's fiscal position compares favorably with other eurozone countries.
Belgium's GDP grew by 1.7% in 2017, and the budget deficit was 1.5% of GDP.
Eswatini depends on South Africa for a majority of its exports and imports.
Fiji became independent in after nearly a century as a British colony.
Finnish economists expect GDP to grow a rate of 2-3% in the next few years.
Historically, the government failed to spend as much as its budget allowed.
In 2012, Mexico formed the Pacific Alliance with Peru, Colombia, and Chile.
In the early 17th century, the French established a presence on Hispaniola.
Kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on Russia to export its oil to Europe.
Over the last decade, China has been North Korea's primary trading partner.
Rwanda consistently ranks well for ease of doing business and transparency.
The country also is facing a growing liquidity crisis and rising inflation.
The income tax rate is also very low, about one-third the average EU level.
The manufacturing sector is the most diverse in the Eastern Caribbean area.
Astana successfully hosted an internationally recognized exposition in 2017.
For more than three decades, oil and global finance drove the UAE's economy.
In the Arab-Israeli War, Syria lost the Golan Heights region to Israel.
Lower prices for oil and diamonds also resulted in GDP falling 0.7% in 2016.
Malta's GDP growth remains strong and is supported by a strong labor market.
More than 934,tourists, mainly from the US, visited the islands in 2008.
Nominal GDP, measured in current prices, grew 5.6% in and 6.8% in 2016.
Public debt has increased steadily since 2007, reaching 131% of GDP in 2017.
Recently, Qatar's relationships with its neighbors have been tense at times.
The Caymanians enjoy a standard of living comparable to that of Switzerland.
The French annexed various Polynesian island groups during the 19th century.
The agreement was subsequently renegotiated, but details were not disclosed.
Tourism, retail sales, and finance comprise more than three-quarters of GDP.
Austrian exports, accounting for around 60% of the GDP, were up 8.2% in 2017.
GDP growth of 4.5% in was insufficient to make a significant difference.
Impoverished, uneducated adolescents living in rural areas are most affected.
Japan, the US, and China are French Polynesia's three largest trade partners.
Lucia's once solid banana industry has been devastated by strong competition.
Mineral deposits are negligible; the country has no known petroleum deposits.
Mwanawasa was reelected in in an election that was deemed free and fair.
PNG's government has recently been forced to adjust spending levels downward.
Poor infrastructure hinders the spread of growth to Peru's non-coastal areas.
Renewable energy and deep-sea mining also offer opportunities for investment.
Significant informal market activity flourishes and corruption is widespread.
In this world, hatred never ends hatred.
Since then, a series of pro-European ruling coalitions have governed Moldova.
The Venezuelan Government has maintained strict currency controls since 2003.
The country has seen an upswing in gold exploration, production, and exports.
The country's agricultural base is largely dependent on government subsidies.
A coup attempt was made in July by a faction of the Turkish Armed Forces.
A series of constitutions after World War II granted Nigeria greater autonomy.
Ahmad Shah Durrani unified the Pashtun tribes and founded Afghanistan in 1747.
Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta) achieved independence from France in 1960.
Guyana has experienced positive growth almost every year over the past decade.
In 1997, the islands of Anjouan and Moheli declared independence from Comoros.
Korea regained its independence following Japan's surrender to the US in 1945.
Life expectancy has been improving, most notably among the young and the poor.
Meanwhile, France's public debt rose from 89.5% of GDP in to 97% in 2017.
Mineral resources include silver, gold, uranium, antimony, tungsten, and coal.
New Zealand's support amounts to 80% of Tokelau's recurrent government budget.
Norway's domestic electricity production relies almost entirely on hydropower.
Pakistan's GDP growth has gradually increased since and was 5.3% in 2017.
I like soup.
Portugal is a founding member of NATO and entered the EC (now the EU) in 1986.
This house will soon collapse.
I am looking at you.
Significant food aid was provided by the international community through 2009.
That date is still celebrated on the first Monday in October as Territory Day.
The islands and atolls have few natural resources, and imports exceed exports.
The islands have been connected politically to Denmark since the 14th century.
Tourism, the primary economic activity, is the main driver of economic growth.
Economic growth declined annually from just under 5% in to -10.4% in 2016.
Grytviken, on South Georgia, was a 19th and early 20th-century whaling station.
In 2014, nearly 60% of customs duty-eligible imports into Kosovo were EU goods.
In the 1960s, the island became an important space tracking station for the US.
Only Diego Garcia, the largest and most southerly of the islands, is inhabited.
Resistance by native Caribs prevented colonization on Saint Vincent until 1719.
The Franco-Siamese Treaty of defined the current Lao border with Thailand.
The outcome of that experiment was disastrous.
The UAE's per capita GDP is on par with those of leading West European nations.
I bought Tom what I promised to buy.
The USSR was the principal adversary of the US during the Cold War (1947-1991).
The conflict in Syria remains one of the largest humanitarian crises worldwide.
The country must import a high proportion of its food, mainly from New Zealand.
The islands' sugar industry was hurt by the emancipation of the slaves in 1834.
Uruguay's political and labor conditions are among the freest on the continent.
Bhutan signed a pact in December to expand duty-free trade with Bangladesh.
China is also the island's number one destination for foreign direct investment.
Earnings from Nauru's export of phosphate remains an important source of income.
Ecuador's economy fell into recession in and remained in recession in 2016.
Yanni and I haven't been in Algeria for four years.
In 2013, revenue from fishing licenses doubled and totaled more than 45% of GDP.
Yanni wants to write a book about Algeria.
In December 2015, Chad completed a two-year rotation on the UN Security Council.
Inflation over the same period remained tame and the currency, the kuna, stable.
Yanni is an Algerian journalist.
Liechtenstein became fully independent in when the Confederation dissolved.
Textiles and agriculture combined account for nearly 50% of Nicaragua's exports.
The British Government committed to building an airport on Saint Helena in 2005.
The British set up a trading post near present-day Freetown in the 17th century.
The Spanish retook the island in but continued to be harassed by the Dutch.
The communists under Vladimir Lenin seized power soon after and formed the USSR.
The earthquake was assessed as the worst in this region over the last years.
The economy began deflating in 2017, with the consumer price index falling 0.8%.
The inhabitants of the area of Oman have long prospered from Indian Ocean trade.
Do you love life? Then don't waste time! Because that's the stuff life is made of.
Unequal access to quality education perpetuates this uneven income distribution.
Australia plays an active role in the WTO, APEC, the G20, and other trade forums.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
I don't like cats, nor does my brother.
Chinese investment plays a growing role in the infrastructure and energy sectors.
Croatia joined the EU on July 1, 2013, following a decade-long accession process.
Early Spanish and French settlements were succeeded by an English colony in 1667.
European explorers began establishing footholds in India during the 16th century.
GDP growth turned positive in as oil prices recovered and output stabilized.
You have made me mad.
I knew I could count on you.
In 1888, Brunei became a British protectorate; independence was achieved in 1984.
In 1959, the islands became a territory within the Federation of the West Indies.
Isle of Man is a British Crown dependency but is not part of the UK or of the EU.
Laos' economy is heavily dependent on capital-intensive natural resource exports.
I went to the woods to collect some logs.
Light taxes and death duties make the island a popular offshore financial center.
Limited agriculture and local fishing mean that almost all food must be imported.
Much of Guyana's growth in recent years has come from a surge in gold production.
Nepal is heavily dependent on remittances, which amount to as much as 30% of GDP.
Private sector investment in approached 20% of GDP, compared to 13% in 2013.
Saudi officials are particularly focused on employing its large youth population.
The French administered the area as Syria until granting it independence in 1946.
The Jersey breed of dairy cattle originated on the island and is known worldwide.
The average number of births per woman decreased from 5.in to 4.in 2016.
The following year, Portugal granted independence to all of its African colonies.
The islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
Tourism, minerals, coffee, and tea are Rwanda's main sources of foreign exchange.
A peace accord in led to the promulgation of an interim constitution in 2007.
Asylum applications increased significantly in the US and Brazil in and 2017.
The academic year is over.
There is more information during weekends on the BBC website.
Look out for those two.
Everyone knows I love freckles.
Didn't he just say that he would retire?
Belize's dependence on energy imports makes it susceptible to energy price shocks.
This is my attitude.
It's always sad to look at things differently when you have already adapted yourself to it.
Now I can brag myself.
Hate me!
Colombia's FDI declined by 3% to $10.billion between January and September 2017.
"Kiss me." "Go take a shower."
Come on, girls like that.
Luigi is Mario's brother.
For you, Skura, anything!
Discovered and claimed for Spain in 1499, Aruba was acquired by the Dutch in 1636.
That's not in the script.
I had a lot of affairs in my life.
"That's not in the script." "Improvise."
Have you ever visited Uruguay?
They tortured prisoners.
If all the surface ice on earth fully melted, the sea level would rise about m.
The swastikas should have raised some suspicion.
It depends on someone's attitude.
Yanni is so brave.
Who among you plays?
Who among you gambles?
I decided to tell him that I am falling in love with him.
Is it all terrible?
You used to talk through your nose.
Jamaica withdrew from the Federation in and gained full independence in 1962.
If you're allergic to acarus, you need to clean your bedclothes, your carpet and your rugs.
You can't live with those.
You repainted the house.
This shave is not perfect.
How long are they staying here?
The fire got out of control.
Joseph Mobutu seized power and declared himself president in a November coup.
Since mobile phones exist, I don't use the landline anymore.
Stop scolding me!
I was folding my shirts.
More than 80% of Guyanese nationals with tertiary level educations have emigrated.
You often cheat.
Make yourself at ease.
Most of Kosovo's population lives in rural towns outside of the capital, Pristina.
Originally the trade involved timber and ivory, but later it expanded into slaves.
Pastoralists and nomads move seasonally to southern Mali or nearby coastal states.
President Moi stepped down in December following fair and peaceful elections.
Remittances from about 300,Comorans contribute about 25% of the country's GDP.
He is not allowed to leave his house.
You invited them for dinner.
Russia conquered the territory of present-day Uzbekistan in the late 19th century.
Some businesses complain of opaque regulations and unequal enforcement of the law.
The territory has transformed itself into a significant offshore financial center.
Volatile aid and investment inflows have limited growth, and poverty remains high.
A democratic republic replaced the monarchy in 1946, and economic revival followed.
After a 20-year French occupation, a Kingdom of the Netherlands was formed in 1815.
I got scared on the plane.
I would like to play with you on the bed.
Continued fighting within the new nation is disrupting what remains of the economy.
Headaches have different origins.
You will not make me believe that.
You always look unhappy.
Can I help you? No, nobody can help me!
Everybody set your watches!
Jill is the only woman in our club.
I rejoined my friends. When did you rejoin them?
During the 1920s and 1930s, advances in mining spurred development and immigration.
Swallow!
I don't write anymore.
Surrender!
Egypt elected a new legislature in December 2015, its first parliament since 2012.
Shameless.
Daughter of a whore!
Historical distinctions also remain between central highlanders and coastal people.
In 2017, Argentina's economy emerged from recession with GDP growth of nearly 3.0%.
In September 2017, Hurricane Irma destroyed 95% of the French side of Saint Martin.
In recent years, economic growth has been driven by mining - particularly iron ore.
Inflation peaked at over 800% per year in October but dropped to 118% in 2017.
Madagascar was one of the last major landmasses on earth to be colonized by humans.
Malta became an EU member in May and began using the euro as currency in 2008.
Mogadishu's main market offers a variety of goods, from food to electronic gadgets.
Niue has cut government expenditures by reducing the public service by almost half.
Recent test drilling for oil may pave the way for development of the energy sector.
Sudan was subject to comprehensive US sanctions, which were lifted in October 2017.
The Panama Canal was built by the US Army Corps of Engineers between and 1914.
The resulting ethnocultural divide has persisted and has led to turbulent politics.
The sale of postage stamps to foreign collectors is an important source of revenue.
These islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
This lower-middle-income country remains vulnerable to natural and external shocks.
An estimated 40% of the world's offshore oil production comes from the Indian Ocean.
As Ceylon, it became independent in 1948; its name was changed to Sri Lanka in 1972.
Basutoland was renamed the Kingdom of Lesotho upon independence from the UK in 1966.
Belizeans also emigrate to Canada, Mexico, and English-speaking Caribbean countries.
Between and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for transpacific flights.
Burkinabe also migrated to Ghana, Mali, and Senegal for work between the world wars.
You have an unmatched open parenthesis in your first sentence.
Tom was swallowed by a black hole.
By 2013, the economy had contracted 26%, compared with the pre-crisis level of 2007.
Tom was swallowed by a whale.
Chinese and Korean tourists have supplanted Japanese tourists in the last few years.
Tom bought a hammer handle.
Tom bought a pack of cable ties.
Chronic problems include a shortage of skilled labor and a deficient infrastructure.
Tom bought a boat.
Costa Rica's impressive biodiversity also makes it a key destination for ecotourism.
During the 19th century, more territorial acquisitions were made in Europe and Asia.
France, Comoros's colonial power, remains a key trading partner and bilateral donor.
Tom was attacked by a giant dragonfly.
I swear I have absolutely nothing.
Tom was attacked by a giant grandma.
From to 2017, the number of tourists visiting Iceland increased by nearly 400%.
Tom was attacked by a giant old lady.
In 2008, during the financial crisis, the government budget deficit hit 5.3% of GDP.
In April 2013, the government amended its mining code to reduce taxes and royalties.
In recent years, the government has sought to address longstanding Maori grievances.
Ireland was neutral in World War II and continues its policy of military neutrality.
Juan Bosch was elected president in but was deposed in a military coup in 1963.
Manufacturing activities are limited to fruit processing, clothing, and handicrafts.
They don't look alike at all.
North America consists of sovereign states, Oceania has 14, and South America 12.
Of the Bangladesh approved TV stations, are currently being used to broadcast.
Oil and gas earnings accounted for roughly 25% of GDP and 65% of government revenue.
Put the word in parentheses.
I am a native Hungarian.
Slavery, established to run the sugar plantations on Antigua, was abolished in 1834.
What does this parenthesized letter mean?
What does this letter in parentheses mean?
FC Dynamo Kyiv are presenting their new kit.
The Swiss Confederation secured its independence from the Holy Roman Empire in 1499.
What do these parenthesized letters mean?
What do these letters in parentheses mean?
A mole farted through grass, having swallowed a handful of grains.
The following year, the Ellice Islands became the separate British colony of Tuvalu.
A bloodless revolution in led to the establishment of a constitutional monarchy.
Sonia got an A in mathematics.
A proposed referendum never took place due to lack of agreement on voter eligibility.
Agriculture accounts for over 40% of GDP and employs more than 90% of the population.
As a result of the destruction, many Puerto Ricans have emigrated to the US mainland.
Batswana have been working as contract miners in South Africa since the 19th century.
Between and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for trans-Pacific flights.
British settlement of the islands began in 1647; the islands became a colony in 1783.
Burma served as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) for 2014.
Society is a cult.
France ceded possession to Great Britain in 1763, which colonized the island in 1805.
General elections were held in April 2017, and voters elected President Lenin Moreno.
In 1870, the pope's holdings were further circumscribed when Rome itself was annexed.
In 1980, a military coup led by Samuel Doe ushered in a decade of authoritarian rule.
In recent years, the government has attempted to reduce price controls and subsidies.
Independent for over years, Iceland was subsequently ruled by Norway and Denmark.
Italy's economy returned to modest growth in late for the first time since 2011.
Over three-fourths of Canada's merchandise exports are destined for the US each year.
Successive governments have failed to address the country's crumbling infrastructure.
The country's first president, Habib Bourguiba, established a strict one-party state.
The government has implemented reforms to the budget process and in some other areas.
Tonga has a reasonably sound basic infrastructure and well developed social services.
Tourism is the second-largest source of hard currency earnings following remittances.
Travel between the settlements is accomplished with snowmobiles, aircraft, and boats.
Society's a cult.
Vietnam's public debt to GDP ratio is nearing the government-mandated ceiling of 65%.
Agriculture remains the backbone of the Kenyan economy, contributing one-third of GDP.
Albania allied itself first with the USSR (until 1960), and then with China (to 1978).
Aziz was subsequently elected president in July and sworn in the following month.
Currently, Macedonia receives its small natural gas supplies from Russia via Bulgaria.
Estimates are that over 300,people were killed and some 1.million left homeless.
European immigration also began to wane in the 1930s because of the global depression.
Former communists dominated the government until when they were swept from power.
Tom was the only one willing to address the elephant in the room.
In 1816, the United Provinces of the Rio Plata declared their independence from Spain.
In 2015, Singapore formed, with the other ASEAN members, the ASEAN Economic Community.
I work at the computer listening to piano and harpsichord pieces by Handel and Rameau.
In 2016, the financial services sector accounted for about 41% of the island's output.
Industry accounts for nearly 22% of GDP while employing less than 6% of the workforce.
Ireland joined the European Community in and the eurozone currency union in 1999.
Kuwait spent more than $billion to repair oil infrastructure damaged during 1990-91.
New Zealand's full participation in a number of defense alliances lapsed by the 1980s.
Relations between ethnic Macedonians and ethnic Albanians remain complicated, however.
I'm an ancient Hebrew.
Rich alluvial diamond deposits make Namibia a primary source for gem-quality diamonds.
Self-government for the Solomon Islands came in and independence two years later.
The UK annexed Southern Rhodesia from the former British South Africa Company in 1923.
The country imports nearly all of its needed supplies of natural gas and oil products.
The economy relies on manufacturing and exports, driven largely by foreign investment.
The government manages the country's petroleum resources through extensive regulation.
The new country lacked political stability and experienced a series of military coups.
This heavy dependence on exports exposes the economy to fluctuations in global demand.
Trade is important, with exports accounting for over one-third of GDP in recent years.
Unemployment remains a problem throughout the country despite a bloated public sector.
Tom had a hard day yesterday.
She often comes over my place.
A border war with Eritrea in the late 1990s ended with a peace treaty in December 2000.
A sultanate since the 12th century, the Maldives became a British protectorate in 1887.
Almost five centuries as a Portuguese colony came to a close with independence in 1975.
Canada repatriated its constitution from the UK in 1982, severing a final colonial tie.
Depending on the convention used, the number of continents can vary from five to seven.
Zamenhof was an Ashkenazi Jew.
Hong Kong's natural resources are limited, and food and raw materials must be imported.
In 1994, Vieira was elected president in the country's first free, multiparty election.
In 2017, overall unemployment was 11.4%, but youth unemployment remained high at 37.1%.
Industrial and power outputs have stagnated for years at a fraction of pre-levels.
Namibia's economy remains vulnerable to world commodity price fluctuations and drought.
Saint Martin is reported to have one of the highest per capita income in the Caribbean.
The Principality of Liechtenstein was established within the Holy Roman Empire in 1719.
The UK annexed the island in but never carried out plans for further exploitation.
The government still lacks full control of the countryside, where lawlessness persists.
The manufacturing and financial sectors account for more than half of San Marino's GDP.
Tonga - unique among Pacific nations - never completely lost its indigenous governance.
Uganda has been both a source of refugees and migrants and a host country for refugees.
Bermuda was first settled in by shipwrecked English colonists heading for Virginia.
I'm looking at you.
Gabon faces fluctuating international prices for its oil, timber, and manganese exports.
Georgia is seeking to develop its Black Sea ports to further facilitate East-West trade.
In December 2008, Liechtenstein signed a Tax Information Exchange Agreement with the US.
In the wake of lower revenue, Gabon signed a 3-year agreement with the IMF in June 2017.
Latvia reestablished its independence in following the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Moussa Dadis Camara led a military coup, seizing power, and suspending the constitution.
Nationals of Curacao are citizens of the European Union, even though it is not a member.
Nicaraguans emigrate primarily to Costa Rica and, to a lesser extent, the United States.
The UK asserted its claim to the islands by establishing a naval garrison there in 1833.
While under British rule, the island staunchly supported the UK through both world wars.
After almost three centuries as a Spanish colony, Guatemala won its independence in 1821.
All land in Tanzania is owned by the government, which can lease land for up to years.
Belarus derives export revenue by refining Russian crude and selling it at market prices.
Constitutional term limits barred President Johnson Sirleaf from running for re-election.
Economic growth is expected to remain constant or improve slightly in the next few years.
In April 2017, Belarus agreed to pay its gas debt, and Russia restored the flow of crude.
In January 2007, Montenegro joined the World Bank and IMF, and in December 2011, the WTO.
Only about 70% of the population is literate, and the rate drops to around 60% for women.
The tourism sector rebounded in 2017, with visitor arrivals rising 3.2% to 58.million.
National defense spending cushions the island's economy against fluctuations in tourism.
Qatar's reliance on oil and natural gas is likely to persist for the foreseeable future.
Belize faces continued pressure from rising sovereign debt and a growing trade imbalance.
Exports and investment have been key drivers of Slovakia's robust growth in recent years.
France's public finances have historically been strained by high spending and low growth.
A limited and unreliable electricity supply is a major impediment to economic development.
Although Norway remained neutral in World War I, it suffered heavy losses to its shipping.
China became the world's largest exporter in 2010, and the largest trading nation in 2013.
Government debt is about 79% of GDP and remains among the highest of the emerging markets.
In Afghanistan's growth rate was only marginally above that of the 2014-average.
Seychelles grew at 5% in because of a strong tourism sector and low commodity prices.
Some Liberian refugees spent more than two decades living in other West African countries.
The government is open to, and actively takes steps to attract, foreign direct investment.
The government relies on foreign donor resources for a large portion of its fiscal budget.
The government's elevated debt levels have limited its capacity to finance any shortfalls.
The private sector is hemorrhaging, with almost all businesses making substantial layoffs.
The ringleader was killed in the attack, and most of the rebels surrendered in April 2008.
The success of the project has encouraged other companies to look at similar LNG projects.
A armistice split the peninsula along a demilitarized zone at about the 38th parallel.
A dual citizenship law was adopted in 2013, easing naturalization for non-citizen children.
Because of large family sizes, children are inheriting smaller and smaller parcels of land.
China built a military installation on Woody Island with an airfield and artificial harbor.
Greenland remains a member of the Overseas Countries and Territories Association of the EU.
Macedonia is working to build a country-wide natural gas pipeline and distribution network.
Peru declared its independence in 1821, and remaining Spanish forces were defeated in 1824.
The country witnessed the historic election in of four women to its National Assembly.
The islands are rich in undeveloped mineral resources such as lead, zinc, nickel, and gold.
The islands became an independent state within the British Commonwealth of Nations in 1981.
The overall literacy rate is around 55%, and is significantly lower for women than for men.
With the abolition of African slavery in 1863, workers were brought in from India and Java.
Drought, poverty, and unemployment have driven outmigration from Mauritania since the 1970s.
Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported, primarily from Mexico and the US.
In 1397, Norway was absorbed into a union with Denmark that lasted more than four centuries.
In 1931-Japan occupied Manchuria, and in it launched a full-scale invasion of China.
In 1991, Croatia, Slovenia, and Macedonia declared independence, followed by Bosnia in 1992.
In late 2008, voters approved a new constitution, Ecuador's 20th since gaining independence.
In response to Indian nuclear weapons testing, Pakistan conducted its own tests in mid-1998.
In the 1990s, tourism and manufacturing surpassed the sugar industry in economic importance.
Much economic activity still occurs in the informal sector and is not reflected in GDP data.
Several technical and regulatory delays kept gas from flowing into Moldova until March 2015.
Single-party rule was brought to a close with a new constitution and free elections in 1993.
Some of the natural resources found in this territory include coconuts, fish, and sugarcane.
The British garrisoned the island in to prevent a rescue of Napoleon from Saint Helena.
The local population earns income from fishing, raising livestock, and sales of handicrafts.
The referendum was held in January and indicated overwhelming support for independence.
Tourism is the mainstay of the economy and depends on conditions in the euro-zone countries.
Unemployment, poverty, and inequality - among the highest in the world - remain a challenge.
A Malay trading port known as Temasek existed on the island of Singapore by the 14th century.
Tom's very good at what he does.
A prosperous, democratic country, Austria entered the EU Economic and Monetary Union in 1999.
About 1.billion people worldwide profess Catholicism - the world's largest Christian faith.
Britain demarcated a semi-autonomous region of Transjordan from Palestine in the early 1920s.
Completion of the Suez Canal in elevated Egypt as an important world transportation hub.
Hungary's public debt (at 74.5% of GDP) is still high compared to EU peers in Central Europe.
In 1697, Spain ceded to the French the western third of the island, which later became Haiti.
Increased oil production supported growth averaging more than 17% per year from to 2008.
Key economic challenges for Morocco include reforming the education system and the judiciary.
Labor migrants have been drawn to Libya since the development of its oil sector in the 1960s.
Norway is a leading producer and the world's second-largest exporter of seafood, after China.
The world is beautiful because it's diverse.
The world is beautiful because it is diverse.
Other exports include gold, mercury, uranium, natural gas, and - in some years - electricity.
President Jovenel Moïse won the November elections and assumed office in February 2017.
The Persian Gulf lies between Iran and the Arabian Peninsula.
The decline of the USSR and the end of the Cold War allowed for German reunification in 1990.
Troops from Angola, Chad, Namibia, Sudan, and Zimbabwe intervened to support Kabila's regime.
Between and 1991, there was a new wave of migration to the West for family reunification.
Beyond the current global slowdown, the world faces several long-standing economic challenges.
Brazil continues to pursue industrial and agricultural growth and development of its interior.
Budget revenues dropped because of falling global prices on key Belarusian export commodities.
Due to lower global commodity prices, resource revenues of all types have fallen dramatically.
Igor Dodon won Moldova's first direct presidential election in over years in November 2016.
In 1971, Norway designated Bouvet Island and the adjacent territorial waters a nature reserve.
In 2016, Macau's gaming-related taxes accounted for more than 76% of total government revenue.
I will not promise to wait for you, but if we are married, I am sure your heart and my heart will not change until we meet again.
Hide.
Tom winced.
Our souls have found each other again.
Stay.
Do you see the cloud in the shape of a camel?
Is Tom bald?
Nothing satisfies me more than making the person I love happy.
Nothing make me happier than making you happy.
I'm not going to do that, at least not now.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing you happy.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing your smile.
Nothing makes me happier than being with you.
Seeing you smile makes me happy.
Seeing your smile makes me happy.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing you smile.
Move on.
Tom is mute.
I've changed my position on that.
I've changed my opinion on that.
I've changed my mind on that.
I walked through the woods by myself.
Sign up.
Is Tom a spy?
Tom is a really good skier.
Tom is due here in three hours.
Get away.
Tom moved on.
Now I will do a demonstration of teaching Kadazandusun language subjects.
I don't remember everyone.
How wise!
Blindfold Tom.
You can't remember them. You were too young at that time.
The river is deep
The tree branch has fallen
Run away.
Well, you say you don't remember anything, do you?
Don't hit Tom.
Be honest.
Is Tom hoarse?
I trust neither the government, nor the opposition. They're both the same shit.
Do you think he believes us?
Film this.
Tom ate a lot.
Tom learns Kadazan language through the Kadazan dictionary.
Mary learns Dusun language through the Dusun dictionary.
Tom denied having an affair with Mary's sister.
Tom spent most his life behind bars.
Tom has spent most his life behind bars.
What Tom made for lunch wasn't edible.
Go slower.
Tom can write.
I feel so dizzy when I'm losing my way.
I've been working here for three months.
I really like studying foreign languages.
I hope that you're not like everyone else.
I hope that you're not like everybody else.
I hope you're not like everyone else.
I hope you're not like everybody else.
I've lost a sock.
Their request was urgent.
How funny!
Tom chased me.
Zamenhof considered himself a Hebrew of Russia.
Do you think that most women prefer men with beards?
Do you think most women prefer men with beards?
We had a very nice view of the river.
We learned violence from you.
We know most of our neighbors.
We don't know many of our neighbors.
I'm not going to be home tonight.
What is the real meaning of life?
The end is drawing near.
What are the others doing?
What's everyone else doing?
What's everybody else doing?
What were you doing earlier?
I got you.
I learned it by watching you.
Tom jumped up.
It's a symptom of late-stage capitalism.
Tom had no doubt.
I'm a nun.
Will Tom help?
I could kill him.
Tom didn't doubt what Mary told him.
Tom didn't doubt that Mary loved him.
I don't like seeing young girls wearing makeup.
It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school that I went to.
It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school I went to.
I'll do so.
It has already stopped raining, so I might go out.
Omid is a Persian Christian.
Omid is an Iranian Christian.
Kneel down.
Tom is sadistic.
He is wrong.
May I help?
Isn't this Tom's?
Has it stopped raining yet? - Not yet.
May I invite you for dinner tonight?
Isn't this Thomas's?
Whale belongs to zoological order of mammals.
This railway line has recently been renovated.
We're next.
Maybe Tom does that.
We're well.
In the McCarthy era, "Jewish" was widely considered synonymous with "socialist," and "Christian" with "capitalist."
I showed Tom the photo.
Older Jewish socialists consider McCarthyism to have been a pogrom.
Jews in the Soviet Union were persecuted as "Zionists," regardless of their actual views on Zionism.
For a Soviet Jew to have concern for their own people was viewed as "bourgeois nationalism," despite the intensely nationalist character of the Soviet Union from Stalin on.
Members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee were arrested and executed for wanting to rebuild the Jewish people and Jewish culture after the Holocaust.
Do you remember yet what you've promised me?
Be faithful.
Were you and Tom close?
Cats are magic.
Do you want to do me a favor?
Do what others do.
Behave well.
I showed the photo to Tom.
In French, I manage to fend myself; in Kabyle, on the other hand, the road will be longer.
They will eat my delicious cherries.
I like the taste of mushrooms.
We left our children.
He made us wait a long time.
If you add vinegar to the salad, the leaves will wilt.
The vegetables from the garden are very beautiful except the lettuces eaten by slugs.
Tatoeba is a monumental library, a huge study room open to students and researchers from all over the world.
Birds chirp.
"What's hell?" "It's complete and total isolation from everyone and everything." "That sounds nice. I'll take that."
I stayed up until 2:a.m.
Bring it on.
Tom showed up for work late.
Even if we do not immediately succeed in leading the Kabyle to its peak, others will succeed.
That is not what I intended to say.
That's not what I intended to say.
The rabbi always connects the week's Torah portion to the issues of the day.
She has strong opinions on the issues of the day.
Go away now.
I slipped Tom thirty dollars.
I hate beer.
I like the way Tom fries eggs.
I contain multitudes.
We have to take action.
It so happens, that I know that for sure, because I was there myself.
My country has beautiful beaches, lush nature and a perennial spring climate.
I hate kale.
I liked the stew that Tom made.
I hate lamb.
Over the years, the pain of loss will become less.
Tom asked me to help you do this.
A water sample is taken to learn about pH.
I hate pigs.
Tom moved slowly, like an old person.
I hate wine.
Three men wearing hoodies attacked me.
"Where do your parents live?" "My parents are already dead."
I've reached the end of my strength.
I see a box.
Tom became a preacher like his father.
You can visit me whenever you want.
We were not disappointed.
I see a lot.
Everything depends solely on us.
The man wearing the green jacket is Tom.
I wonder if anyone could help me do this.
His successes also bring us advantages.
Take care not to get into trouble!
This is my uncle's car.
Back then there were no computers.
We were really impressed with this hotel.
My dog knows every tree.
The policeman asked the two young women whether it was their car.
Go on! I'm waiting.
Don't come this evening and don't come tomorrow either.
Never lie to me again!
I'm a coach.
I hope I see a platypus while I'm in Austria.
Tom wants me to show you how to do that.
Tom loves pigs.
We can also profit from his success.
Peace is the continuation of war with other means.
I'm a guide.
I forgot French was your native language.
The Americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or film should be treated like any commercial object, because they understood that alongside the army, diplomacy and trade, there is also cultural war, a battle that they intend to win both for noble reasons — the United States has always opined that its values are universal — and less noble ones: the formation of minds is the best way to sell off American products. Consider that the cinema represents the top rank of American exports, far ahead of weaponry, aeronautics or information technology! Hence their desire to impose English as a world language, even if there has been a two-decade decline in their influence.
I have insufficient expertise.
We will help as much as possible.
I'm a rabbi.
Tom didn't like his job as a messenger boy.
Churchill likes pigs and so does Tom.
I'm an imam.
Tom is just like many other young Canadians.
I would love to see your son !
Oh !! I just saw an apparition !!
Plan B is that we wait.
A hippo stepped on Tom's big toe.
Is there a Plan B?
Sewage water is being treated in this town.
Plan B seems to be better than Plan A.
This wheel wobbles when it runs
He always carries a pocketknife
It saved his life.
It saved her life.
It saved their lives.
I'm on call.
I forgot that French was your native language.
That didn't help him.
That didn't help her.
That didn't help them.
That didn't help me.
That won't help him.
That won't help her.
That won't help them.
That won't help us.
Yes, I am hale and hearty!
It's payday.
Tom lost his temper and threw something at Mary.
Now I have you!
Every cat likes milk.
Just ask me.
Tom told us about all the things that he wanted.
Let me rest.
The man standing over there looks a lot like Tom.
The living are more important than the dead.
Pull harder.
Have you had a glass of water recently?
Tom grew up in a small town not too far from here.
Go drink a glass of water.
Push harder.
We believe it our duty, in the name of human liberty, human dignity, and human prosperity, to take back from Heaven the goods it has stolen from Earth and return them to Earth.
Tom says many young people don't like blues music.
Stop eating.
Tom wants people to stop asking so many questions.
This is art.
Tom asked his teacher a couple of stupid questions.
This is fur.
Tom was very smart, but he didn't like his classes.
This is oil.
Did you notice whether Tom was wearing a tie or not?
This is tin.
Tom wants me to stay, but I'm going to leave anyway.
Time passed.
Tom doesn't like his new job any better than farming.
The earth is beautiful.
What a game!
Tom saw that someone had written his name on the wall.
I was extremely busy.
What is air?
Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but no one else did.
Tom hit me three times.
Tom has white teeth.
Who said no?
Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but nobody else did.
What I was trying to say was that I could help Tom, but I don't want to.
Close the windows. Otherwise, mosquitoes will get in.
If you closed the windows, we wouldn't get so many mosquitoes in the house.
Tom forgot my name.
Who's ready?
It sounded a lot like French, but I don't think it was.
I dread that.
Tom might not like what we're planning to do with that.
I like rugby.
Tom wants to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
I saw a goat.
Tom had to do a lot of things that he didn't like to do.
How many points did you score?
"Why are you so grumpy?" "Because."
The child is missing.
The tank's almost empty. You should go to the petrol station.
The tank is almost empty; you should go to the petrol station.
Tom is a racing driver.
Mary is a pilot.
Mary is a racing driver.
Mary is a teacher.
Mary's got an appointment at the hairdresser's.
Mary has an appointment at the hairdresser's.
Mary's got a hairdresser's appointment.
Mary has a hairdresser's appointment.
Can you rewind the video, please?
Can you wind the video back, please?
He is a good-looking man.
She is curious.
He is curious.
She is talented.
He is talented.
He has paid the bill.
He's paid the bill.
He paid the bill.
She has paid the bill.
She's paid the bill.
She paid the bill.
This island lies in the Atlantic Ocean.
That island lies in the Atlantic Ocean.
There are a lot of turtles on the beach.
A lot of mussels are lying on the beach.
There are a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
There's a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
Tom's pillow has a blue pillowcase.
Tom's pillow's got a blue pillowcase.
You can cast your vote at a polling station.
There's a cherry tree in the garden.
She likes fruit, especially apricots.
She's buying apples, pairs and strawberries.
She buys apples, pairs and strawberries.
Have you got fresh strawberries?
Have you got any fresh strawberries?
Do you have any fresh strawberries?
The photo shows some ramblers in a landscape of low mountains.
The photo shows some hikers in a landscape of low mountains.
He's got a house in the foothills of the Alps.
He has a house in the foothills of the Alps.
The author's books are known all over the world.
The author's books are known throughout the world.
The author's books are renowned the world over.
The author's books are renowned across the world.
He knows all the country's postcodes by heart.
Have these batteries been recharged?
Are these batteries charged?
The batteries are flat, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid the batteries have run out.
Light blue suits you better than dark blue.
Jews were in Egypt and perhaps so was Tom.
Are you going to put your jacket in the cloakroom?
Are you going to leave your jacket in the cloakroom?
Did you get a ticket for our jackets at the cloakroom?
Did you get a ticket for our jackets from the cloakroom attendant?
The weather was very nice today.
I see a boat.
There'll be plenty of shooting stars to see this evening.
There'll be a lot of shooting stars to see this evening.
He's giving a talk.
Did you like the play?
Do you like this band's music?
Do you like that band's music?
The computer won't start.
He prefers to paint in watercolours.
He prefers painting in watercolours.
She did a quick pencil sketch.
She did a quick sketch in pencil.
Do you often do pencil drawings?
Do you often draw in pencil?
Do you often draw with a pencil?
Have you got a biro?
Have you got a pen on you?
Have you got a pen with you?
Tom played songs he liked and sometimes songs he didn't like.
Do you have a pen with you?
The box is in the storeroom.
The carton is in the storeroom.
Is the air conditioning working?
The heating's got to be repaired.
The heating has to be repaired.
The heating must be repaired.
Where can I find the toilet?
Where can I find the lavatory?
The bathroom is on the first floor.
He has a half-brother.
He's got a half-brother.
She has two aunts on her mother's side.
She's got two aunts on her mother's side.
He has an uncle on his father's side.
He's got an uncle on his father's side.
He's got a half-sister.
He has a half-sister.
He's got a stepfather.
He has a stepfather.
He was brought up by foster parents.
He always wanted a dog.
The dog food is all gone.
The dog food has run out.
There's no dog food left.
He jogs every day before breakfast.
The living room is on the ground floor.
The kitchen is next to the living room.
Tom often has to go to have physiotherapy.
Your coffee's ready.
This view is fantastic.
She's eating a pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese.
Tom is in the fire brigade.
Tom is in the fire service.
You have to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
You've got to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
Have you already got plans for New Year's Eve?
Do you already have plans for New Year's Eve?
He was trying to protect her.
He was trying to protect them.
He tried to protect them.
She has broken his heart.
He has broken her heart.
He brought back a lot of gifts from his trip.
He brought a lot of gifts back from his trip.
He dropped out from his law degree.
He dropped out of his law degree.
He's dropped out from his law degree.
He's dropped out of his law degree.
Now he studies medicine.
Now he's studying medicine.
He studies medicine now.
He's studying medicine now.
He is totally and utterly devoted to his studies.
He devotes himself completely to his studies.
I won't stop.
Are you playing chess?
They're riding through the town in a horse-drawn carriage.
There's a sundial in the garden.
Mary is sitting in the garden reading a book.
He observed the stars using a telescope.
Look through the telescope.
How many planets are there in our solar system?
What was his reply?
What did he say in reply?
How did he answer?
How did he reply?
Has the vacancy already been filled?
He rang the doorbell three times, but no one answered.
He rang the buzzer three times, but no one opened the door.
I spent thirty minutes trying to convince Tom to come with us.
He's writing a shopping list so that he won't forget anything.
Buzzards are birds of prey.
How often do you water these plants?
Have you already watered the flowers in the garden?
You can use the water in the water butt for watering.
The porter is taking care of your luggage.
The porter will take care of your luggage.
Welcome to London!
Have you had a nice day today?
Did you have a nice day today?
Have you set the alarm clock?
Did you set the alarm clock?
Didn't you hear the alarm clock?
He never listens.
How do you mean that, exactly?
Do you have an explanation for that?
Have you got an explanation for that?
Can you explain it to him?
She's still at the office.
Tom bought himself a used car.
Tom bought himself a second-hand car.
He prefers to walk.
He prefers walking.
The artist painted a lot of sunflowers.
The artist used to paint a lot of sunflowers.
The artist painted a great deal of sunflowers.
Can you recite a poem?
Shall we go for a bike ride at the weekend?
She's got to change her bike tyre.
She has to change her bicycle tyre.
Tom saw the Yeti.
She needs to change her bike tyre.
I liked her speech.
Have you ever changed a tyre?
Is there any news?
Can you sew a button on?
Can you sew on a button?
The doctor has to straighten the fracture.
The doctor's got to straighten the fracture.
The doctor must straighten the fracture.
He's limping because he's sprained his ankle.
He's limping because he sprained his ankle.
He jumped with fright.
He roared with laughter.
He was roaring with laughter.
She hummed away to herself.
She was humming away to herself.
She was humming to herself.
Drop that knife.
Have you already filled in the form?
Have you already filled the form in?
Please fill in the form.
Please fill the form in.
Is there a shoe repairer in town?
Is there a place that does shoe repairs in town?
Is there a place that does shoe repairs in the city?
Are these numbers precise?
Are these figures exact?
What's your source for this information?
He's really stubborn.
Have you already been in touch with her?
Have you already been in contact with her?
Tom will have to go.
I'll never remember that.
Maybe we'll talk about it another time.
Please excuse me for a moment.
It was ever thus, and so will it remain.
It's always been like that, and always will be.
You should use an axe to chop wood.
Now we have to live with the consequences.
Now we've got to live with the consequences.
Now we must live with the consequences.
It's hardly worth mentioning.
She is a hairdresser.
She is a hairstylist.
Where do you want me to put these dirty socks?
Where should I put these dirty socks?
He hasn't come back since.
This is bronze.
He hasn't been back since.
They've brought up ten daughters!
They brought up ten daughters!
Maybe you're right after all.
She does a lot of good.
Do you want to play a game of cards?
All these green leaves will turn red in autumn.
We never talked to Tom.
That pencil is totally blunt. You should sharpen it.
The boat is full.
That's nothing to write home about.
Hats off!
Soon it will be summer.
What was the weather like last Sunday?
Do you know where Tom is heading?
That might sound like a lot.
Your dinner's in the oven.
Your tea's in the oven.
The hairdresser's hasn't opened yet.
Did you know the bookshop has opened?
He is sixty years old.
She's Carmen.
Her name is Carmen.
Is your name Anna?
Are you called Anna?
Is your name Carmen?
Are you called Carmen?
Yes, my name's Anna.
Yes, I'm Anna.
I'm not Anna, I'm Carmen.
My name's not Anna, it's Carmen.
Yes, she's Carmen.
I went after Tom.
She's not Carmen, she's Anna.
Her name's not Carmen, it's Anna.
He sometimes oversleeps.
This is the first time I've eaten pineapple jam. Quite tasty.
That's too complicated!
The strawberries have all been eaten.
He's got strawberries in his basket.
He has strawberries in his basket.
There's a honeydew melon on the table.
She'd like honeydew melon for dessert.
She'd like honeydew melon for afters.
She'd like to have honeydew melon for dessert.
She pressed the juice from a lemon.
It happened automatically.
Tom has already been away for a week.
Tom has been gone for a week now.
Could you open the door, please?
What kinds of sports do you do?
Are you going to organise a birthday party for yourself?
Are you going to throw yourself a birthday party?
He was killed because of his religion.
Where is the train coming from?
We got over it.
There's no reason to be angry with Tom.
"I always have a Plan B", he said and took out a pistol from the under-desk drawer.
Experts say this is false.
Tom plays the violin.
Tom shook George W. Bush's hand.
My scalp itches.
I gave Tom the book.
I couldn't think very clearly.
Tom shook hands with everybody.
Tom shot at the pharaoh.
Tom shot at the captain.
Tom shot at the toilet cleaner.
Tom shot at a mole.
Tom shot at a squirrel.
You should just say yes.
Tom plays the horn.
Tom found a spoon.
Tom found two forks.
Tom found a butt.
I think that's obvious.
Did Tom come here today?
We accept that.
Tom plays the clarinet.
I decided to stay on the plane.
Tom laughed like a madman.
That was our last chance.
Experts say this is wrong.
Tom shot at the piano.
Tom shot at the Pope.
Tom ate three eggs.
We were silent.
Tom can count on me.
Tom Jackson was an ancient Greek philosopher.
I hate being deceived.
Tom said he'd come back.
I think Tom will be able to do the job.
Tom has been working as a train driver for five years.
What caused the train derailment?
I refuse to talk about that.
Tom sipped from the cup.
Forage crops like clover and alfalfa could be planted.
Tom found a dried-out butterfly.
Tom looks young, but he's over thirty.
This is an urn.
Tom writes lyrics.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, European surnames were legally forced upon Ashkenazi Jews.
Many Ashkenazi Jews were required to pick from a list of pre-approved surnames, while others were assigned a surname.
This was part of a centuries-long program of cultural genocide that culminated in the physical genocide of the Holocaust.
All of the European nation-states, not just Nazi Germany, were participants in the centuries-long genocide that culminated in the Holocaust.
Many continue to participate in it by using relics of this very same genocide against its victims.
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to what became the Frankish and later Holy Roman Empire came to be known as "Ashkenazi."
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to Iberia came to be known as "Sephardi."
Many other communities of Jewish refugees existed throughout the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Most of the communities remained in touch using Hebrew as a written lingua franca; others became isolated.
The Crusades killed and displaced even more Jews from what had by then become known as Palestine, at the same time as Crusaders killed many European Jews.
The Christian Reconquista forced Sephardim out of Spain.
Many went to North Africa and the Middle East, where they integrated with existing communities, but others spread out into Europe to places like the Netherlands and France.
People of all ages like his poems and stories.
I don't talk to Tom.
I play that guitar.
Tom punched me in the stomach.
I skidded to a stop.
It happened to Tom.
I think I'm ready to do that.
I have a good relationship with Tom.
The students gave the teacher the exercise.
That's a hell of a lot of money.
He trusted Tom.
How does one say "I love you" in French?
That's an unpleasant affair.
Coffee had good taste for her.
Lend me some money.
I'm going to sell picture postcards.
Do you still understand?
Your eyes shine with certainty.
Will you eat at the office our outside?
You've still got time, dear baroness.
One of my friends says she wanted to meet you.
Perhaps it's necessary that you finish your labour now.
Tom asked me whether he should go or not.
Collaboration is better than competition.
Tom makes the best vegan sausage.
Tom has the best vegan sausage.
The heater in the student housing broke.
Don't trust appearances, don't judge too fast!
He didn't want to help.
The kitten seems to be feeling better this morning.
I speak Norwegian quite well, but I don't understand everything Ibsen and Hamsun wrote.
Go together.
Interesting!
Terrible!
What an atmosphere!
I don't guide them.
I asked Tom what his deal was.
She didn't know if my cousin Betty liked our visit to the zoo.
His mother will arrive in the 9:train.
I told Tom to stop following me.
They ask me to be quiet.
That seems like a big step forward directly to a fairer world.
All cats like milk.
The panther sleeps over a branch.
Some people didn't like it.
On his dog's birthday, Petros gifted him a bone toy.
She will not help poor people.
I promise to not be against you anymore.
He succeeded in living without huge worries, with a wife and three children.
Tom opened his bag to put his books in.
Tom's vehicle is dirty.
"Do you consider yourself intelligent?" "Intelligent? No. I'm a dumb!"
Tom talks relatively fast, doesn't he?
Tom went to the city.
You've got the whole day to do this.
He lives with his wife, who just minds herself.
Watch this film.
Why do people usually have one or two kids?
The parent immediately came back home.
Is this a hippo?
The kitten held Esther's hand in her paws and licked it.
I missed my Finnish course.
Layla payed for the taxi.
I should still be there.
Isn't Tom coming?
No cat likes water.
You cannot avoid meeting Tom.
This is how Tom was born.
I didn't see what was going on.
Tom described the accident in detail.
You are doing it for Tom, not for me.
Tom was hit by a tram.
This is not my name.
I don't want to change my clothes.
Were you close?
Tom has already suffered a lot.
Tom shot at the train passing by.
Most cats don't like water.
Many people wonder what life in space would be like.
Tom had forgotten his umbrella, so I lent him mine.
It's not your turn.
So what do you think of that?
Someone explained it to Tom.
The cat plays by itself.
Tom was lying on the sofa, thinking about his future.
I still play soccer.
Does Tom believe us?
It's a complete mess.
I want no part of it anymore.
I definitely want to read that.
You don't sound like you're having much fun.
Tom closed the door slowly.
Tom is teaching English via Skype.
Let's go today.
Tom teaches English using Skype.
The police are still looking for Tom.
We've already paid.
Tom knows how to play the harp.
The boys locked Tom in the toilet.
The boys locked Tom in the restroom.
That might not sound like very much fun, but it is.
A clever person finds the best education when traveling.
Tom was following you.
Tom fell off a cliff.
I don't want Tom to change anything.
I slept like a rock.
Tom can play the bassoon.
Those are fish.
You'd better go and thank Tom.
I will start writing the article only after Sunday.
She passionately loves him.
She would have been able to meet him yesterday.
Is your brother with them?
What can you tell us about that painting?
Leatherbacks do not have a hard shell like most turtles.
I will decide that soon.
I am eating your bread.
Tom tore the sheet.
The nightingale sings in the tree.
He is our friend Tom.
Do you see your ship?
Soon it will be his birthday.
I called the police right away.
Do you already know Tom?
He speaks French very fluently.
Between Ken and you, who is taller?
They are no longer here.
Welcome to Beijing.
Of course I accepted.
The president cancelled his visit to Japan.
He does not need to go there.
They will eat our bread.
Geckos lay eggs.
Does Tom type fast?
I'd like to know more about this disease.
Mary is a stewardess.
Could you fold these towels for me?
Tom suggested that we should leave early.
Tom's parrot swears in Esperanto.
Fold the towels.
Tom won the marathon.
I hate cucumbers.
Was Tom following me?
Cats are complex individuals.
Toy companies seel dolls that look like the president.
Tom does everything for Mary.
Some older children were taking care of the younger children.
Tom always does his homework before dinner.
It's made of a hard plastic-like material.
Someone brought it to Tom.
Safety is very important.
Tom popped the balloons with a pin.
Stop all of your charlatanry then!
I tried to correct my mistakes.
Southerners didn't like people from the North.
Tom plays the cello.
I wanted to meet her in person.
I wasn't allowed to meet her in person.
Yes, that's OK.
I haven't read the message yet.
Tom pushed the gate closed.
It was Tom who pushed him down the stairs.
I rarely translate something into languages other than English.
He told her to go sleep.
He told her to go to bed.
I hate goodbyes.
Throw it away, Tom.
What are you doing to her?
We are having some people over tonight.
Nature is incredibly complex, and our knowledge of it is limited.
Does that sound like a lot?
Have you been seeing a lot of Tom?
What is pollen?
Tom is going to take off.
I don't have any coins.
I'd trust Tom.
I hate to study.
Tom baked a casserole.
What a sad day!
Tom is already on stage.
I don't like lighters.
I slept on the hard floor.
Can Tom stay here?
Read this page.
Tom just does what he wants.
This meat is tough.
Tom came early, as he'd been asked to do.
This is fennel.
Tom knows how to play the drums.
I raised my hand.
Tom will go with me.
Health is much more important than money.
Be careful, don't get lost.
These letters have been acknowledged to be genuine.
He left while I was smoking.
Have you witnessed the accident with your own eyes?
Where's dinner?
This snake does not bite. You can touch it.
Should I open the window?
Tom plays the oboe.
I'll go get some fresh air.
Tom wasn't a stranger to Mary.
He holds a lot of power.
It's my birthday!
What do you know about these constellations?
Ugh! How are you not ashamed of yourself?
I'll go to bed earlier today.
He was quite content with what he had.
I'm fixing the chair.
Mary is a teacher at a school.
You've never asked me to do this.
I spent a lot of money remodeling my house.
Tom looked through the list again.
She was with him.
Maria needs new pants.
Tom almost died yesterday.
Has Tom always been this scatterbrained?
I knew it was you Tom!
He drinks his tea without milk.
What a meeting!
Money doesn't matter to Tom.
Some of the clothes I like best are hand-me-downs.
Tom called the bank.
No joy is temporary, because the impression it leaves is permanent.
How's your foot?
Tom just wants to help you.
I slept on the concrete floor.
Why did Tom give up?
Don't wait here.
Tom is sick, but he still went to work.
Cover your legs.
Someone told Tom.
I saw a man stealing clothes off my clothesline.
Can Tom come with us?
Mosquitoes like dark colors.
It's almost impossible to get in touch with Tom.
Nobody had fun.
Was Tom here yesterday?
Don't take this.
Tom was often teased at school.
Financial aid is available.
Tom shook hands with everyone.
I didn't like it there.
Tom doesn't go there.
We were heroes.
I was following Tom.
I hate broccoli.
Is Tom really there?
You have money, don't you?
Tom just wants to dance.
Well, I don't think so.
When did Tom do this?
We aren't sure.
I think Tom fell.
Do you want me to go and get a doctor?
Don't close the windows.
Tom wouldn't let me in the room.
Open all the doors.
I'm still taller than Tom.
Safety is critical.
Tom quickly packed a few things into a suitcase and left.
Oliver likes to play with Lego blocks.
I hate the dark.
Tom often comes over to my place.
Sharkskin can be used like the skin of other animals.
Come here now, Tom.
We like to do many of the same things.
When did Tom fall?
We have a problem with that.
Is Tom really coming?
What makes a person satisfied?
Tom still seems to be sleeping.
Lend that to me.
Tom doesn't have to come back.
Many people like chili cheeseburgers.
Tom is pretty crazy.
Yes, that's it.
Tom went over there.
I'm pretty crazy.
I have a webcam.
I think I'm pretty crazy.
I must confess I'm pretty crazy.
When did Tom give up?
I can't think of who that was.
What can I teach Tom?
Who stays here?
Tom smiled, slightly embarrassed.
We think you'll like it as much as we do.
Tom abstained.
We need guns and ammunition.
Oliver likes playing with Lego bricks.
Does Tom smoke a lot?
I can't stay very long.
Tom needs to wait.
We're relieved.
I did what Tom wanted.
This is coffee.
Tom has to get out of here.
Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.
We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides. On many sides.
What a crowd; what a turnout.
Let's run away.
Kim Jong-un speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.
I am often the least racist person that anybody is going to meet.
He's going to follow your advice.
Tom escaped easily.
I have a natural instinct for science.
What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.
Let's elope together.
I heard a bell ringing.
Tom didn't have fun.
I completely forgot to put out the bin.
Tom is a bin lorry driver.
Nobody had even the faintest idea what might've happened.
Tom said that he'd be here tomorrow.
It looked like nothing I'd ever seen before.
Tom ate a fun-sized Mars bar.
I felt like I was in heaven.
Tom didn't have an umbrella, so I lent him mine.
Liberty is an empty sound as long as you are kept in bondage economically.
I wish you had thought about the children.
Have you even thought about the children?
Safety is paramount.
Tom has to go back.
Let me introduce you to each other.
Those are fine.
I saw him break the window.
We left at night.
It's past midnight and I'm still not sleeping.
He's the youngest of the students.
Maybe Tom knows.
Have you done your math homework?
There was no referee on the field.
There are no Esperanto courses in my town.
There are no Esperanto courses in my city.
There are experiments you can't conduct on your own self.
His father made her tell everything.
Do you remember Maria's maiden name?
I didn't promise them anything.
This fruit has a sweet taste.
This is cotton.
You misunderstood this word's meaning.
Tom said he'd be here tomorrow.
He didn't want to sell me the house. His excuse was that he'd already found the buyer.
I want to become a singer no matter what.
According to the ideas of postmodernism, language shapes our thinking.
Flying ants are very annoying insects.
I decided to stay on the train.
No one who describes "postmodernism" as an ideology should ever be taken seriously about anything.
Tom is going to the party.
If someone describes "postmodernism" as an ideology, they should never be taken seriously about anything.
You're done for.
For the far right, "postmodernism" is everything they don't like from a wide variety of mutually contradictory philosophies melded into one philosophy advanced by an all-powerful straw opponent who controls all of academia, the media, and politics.
I laughed involuntarily.
Tom will forgive me.
Our happy moments have roots; we don't easily forget them.
I think everybody is scared.
Tom plays the accordion.
What do teachers think?
Tom knows how to drive.
It didn't look like anything I'd ever seen before.
The boss fired Tom.
Is that a mole?
Tom never spoke to me.
Maybe one day we'll do that.
Tom counted the coins.
In the chandeliered halls of the train station, old beggars sat in the corners, on the grey stone.
The virulent plague ravaged the whole planet, as many places became ghost towns.
You've seen it, haven't you?
Tom told us to stop.
Our boss won't like it if we do nothing.
Tom writes songs.
Bring it on! Show me what you've got!
Blimey, what a bellend!
What did you say to the clerk?
Is Tom better yet?
Don't mess with my stuff.
I will cut the bread.
I am going to slice the bread.
When will Tom come here?
We prefer tea to coffee.
I want to be a scientist.
Tom is good at everything.
In those days, many people in this area didn't like Chinese people.
Who did this to Tom?
You sound like a robot.
Tom plays the bugle.
We need to find a way out.
Tom knows a lot of famous people.
Give me a topic.
I don't know how I'm going to tell Tom.
I saw something new.
Tom took a walk with Mary.
I don't drink coffee or tea either.
I drink neither coffee nor tea.
Frankly, I don't think so.
Tom wants to be a dancer.
I'm sure they're going to like it.
Tom wrote to his fathers.
Big is not always better.
Tom fainted when he heard the news.
I saw nothing new.
No one told Tom.
Tom's sister is pregnant.
It sounds like somebody who's just babbling.
Tom said too much.
Do it carefully.
Tom saddled the horses.
Mary couldn't cope with Tom's infidelity.
Tom called his boss an idiot.
You let him die.
Tom shot at a mushroom.
Tom shot at the sultan.
I started unpacking as soon as I got to my room.
Tom saw a snow leopard.
Tom knows how to play the organ.
Tom saw a wolverine.
Your father was a decent and helpful man.
Tell us what you like.
Have you been in contact with Tom?
I'll cut the bread.
I'm going to slice the bread.
It was like a game.
Tom understood why.
Tom relieved himself on Ronald Reagan's grave.
Lidja Zamenhof, who was religiously Baha'i, was killed by the Nazis for being a Jew.
It hasn't been sold yet.
No one understands Tom.
Forgotten wrecks are a time bomb.
This place looks just like the picture in my geography book.
Tom isn't vegan.
You claim you weren't there. We'll see whether it's true or not.
A pretzel is a kind of bread shaped like a loose knot.
I don't want you to wash my clothes.
Tom started painting when he was very young.
You shouldn't be sleeping in class.
Tom knows a lot of celebrities.
One of the foods we like best is peanuts.
Tom was following me.
It stinks here.
Tom is richer than anyone else in this town.
The soft murmur of the wind in the leaves, the buzzing of the bees, the scent of the flowers: everything seemed a heavenly harmony.
That's one way to say it.
Tom knows how to play the harpsichord.
There are several ways to arrange it.
I paid for this.
Tom is quite arrogant.
Open that door.
Tom stayed here with me.
I wasn't here at that time.
Did Tom see anyone?
Bats are mammals.
You have to pay Tom.
Tom became a target of cancel culture after some Instagram photos he posted were associated with pedophilia and child trafficking by the Wayfair conspiracists.
We already knew.
Tom plays clarinet in a Dixieland jazz band.
This serves no useful purpose.
Was Tom hurt badly?
I miss the smells of my childhood.
That's what some people say.
Tom knows how to play the violin.
We were just passing by.
I sleep with the lights on.
Tom has to come back.
I hate weekends.
Tom wants something new.
I'll try to remember.
Tom shook hands with everyone present.
You smell really bad.
Tom knows how to play the oboe.
Can you explain it?
Tom wasn't at all surprised to see Mary at the party.
You sound like the happiest person here.
Who did Tom bet on?
That's a no-no.
You'd better go and speak to Tom.
I slept in class.
Tom died unexpectedly of a heart attack.
Precious metals like silver also are recycled.
I gave the book to Tom.
We were successful because we worked hard.
Tom knows how to play the bassoon.
Cover your ears.
If you insist on doing it that way, I'm not going to help you.
Tom plays the organ.
I hate the heat.
Tom borrowed money from someone.
Everyone in my family wears glasses except for me.
Tom stayed too long.
What a sad song!
Tom was offered a job.
They voted no.
Tom didn't need our support.
Have you finished your math homework?
Stop cursing.
Tom was in danger.
I'm in agony.
Tom didn't need a bigger boat.
Who was elected?
Tom didn't need encouragement.
Tom was very bossy.
Nobody heard me.
Tom was a lazy child.
This is zinc.
Tom didn't need to be with Mary.
Do you want an example?
Tom isn't my roommate this year.
I'm an economist.
Tom was very strong.
Shark skin can be used like the skin of other animals.
I see a school.
Tom was very thrilled.
Stop drinking.
Tom was alone at home.
Get undressed.
Tom didn't need to wash his face.
This is acetone.
Tom didn't need a ride home.
I'll withdraw.
Tom was a bad coach.
Some people do say that.
I've never heard anyone say that before.
I've never heard anyone say that.
I hate the fog.
Tom didn't need to speak French.
I hope that I don't miss anything.
Tom didn't need an umbrella.
I kneaded the dough.
Tom was rich back then.
I don't know how to react to that.
This is syrup.
Tom was here at 2:30.
This is alcohol.
Tom was like that.
Tom didn't need to wait for Mary.
I lay awake most of the night.
Tom didn't need to wash clothes.
I walked kilometres today.
Tom is as hairy as an orangutan.
According to an anecdote, a Hungarian ornitologist was invited to give a lecture in his field in East Germany, and a Hungarian student who studied there was asked to interpret. The lecture started, the first picture was shown, with the following words: "This is a hoopoe with perching legs and a double-feathered crest that can be made erected or decumbent.” The explanation was followed by an awkward silence and after long, painful minutes, the interpreter started to speak: “Vogel!” (bird).
I see a plane.
Tom won't show it to anyone else.
I intend to do it.
He is Yugoslavian.
She is Yugoslavian.
Tom was polite to us.
I plan to do it.
Tom was ready for it.
Hide yourself.
Tom didn't need a doctor.
The orchestra played at sixes and sevens.
I can't avoid doing that.
Tom didn't need assistance.
I ate boiled eggs.
Tom was drinking tea.
Tom waited for his friend.
This is water.
Tom was fat.
The scales tipped in his disfavour.
This is iron.
Tom didn't need to be notified.
What did you like best?
Who said yes?
Tom didn't need a wheelchair.
This is hair.
Tom was at school today.
I don't like people who can't control their emotions.
Tom didn't need to pay.
What is a whale?
The questions are welcome.
Tom was allowed inside.
The sun rose.
Criticism is welcome.
The three weeks preceding Tisha B'Av are a period of mourning in Judaism.
Tom didn't need to know that.
I can't believe how lucky you are!
What does that question mean?
The soldiers swam in a bloody river.
I want a cup of chocolate please.
Where should I do my homework?
I explained the mystery to him.
I'll make lunch.
He did not ask me whether he was allowed to do that.
Tom was afraid to fail.
Do you perhaps have some time for me?
That exists only in your imagination.
We have something for Tom.
The mulled wine is very good.
Alain is a French Jew.
We awaited your telephone call.
It was not only cold but also wet.
Mr. Yusuf, do you drink coffee?
Tom was the champion.
I see a tractor.
Tom didn't need a lot of help.
I'm coming down.
Tom was bothering me.
They are men.
Tom didn't need a towel.
Tom was afraid of me.
Love yourselves. Go vegan!
I missed that.
Tom didn't need an assistant.
I'll subtract.
Tom didn't need a transfusion.
I've fixed it.
Tom didn't need to be punished.
The universe was formed approximately 13.billion years ago.
Are you dizzy?
Come out.
I cannot afford to make mistake.
Tom was busy today.
Please speak a bit slower.
I eat vegetables.
Tom was in his office.
Tom has no goal in his life.
I need to go soon.
Tom said that he didn't mean to hurt them.
Tom was on the flight.
Tom said that he hadn't meant to hurt them.
We must stop.
Tom didn't need to retire.
I'll eat out.
Tom was intimidated.
I grabbed your bag by mistake.
Tom didn't need surgery.
I hate snakes.
Tom didn't need anything.
I hope I don't miss anything.
Tom was a suspect.
Now you know.
Tom was very prepared.
I can speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
I speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
Just a minute.
Tom was in there.
I play the horn.
I saw your father and your sister.
Tom didn't need to talk to Mary.
I'm going today.
Tom was as busy as Mary.
The vivid colors of the petals attracted bees to feast on the nectar.
Tom was kind to Mary.
Obey your mom.
Tom was persuaded.
Is that car new?
Tom didn't need any assistance.
They retreated.
Tom was a bit impatient.
Is that a duck?
Tom didn't need to find a job.
Tom didn't need us to help him.
Kick the ball.
Tom was very curious.
We sang some hymns.
Tom won't be amused.
Tom didn't need a new coat.
That's not news.
Tom was never in Boston.
That was absurd.
Tom didn't need more than that.
Now I'm done.
Tom didn't need to call a doctor.
What a nice day!
Tom didn't need advice.
We eat a lot.
Tom won't want to be disturbed.
This is soup.
Tom was as fast as me.
This is benzine.
Tom was a prisoner.
I've never been lost.
Tom was afraid to die.
I'm a surveyor.
Tom was seriously hurt.
I fought hard.
Tom was actually there.
I was unemployed at that time.
Tom was nice to my dog.
I see the bus.
Tom was my client.
My hand hurts.
Tom was afraid of that.
I hate tattoos.
Tom didn't need a bigger room.
I prefer the cold.
Tom didn't need to see a doctor.
I play the viola.
Tom was there today.
My mother is a good cook.
Tom didn't need our advice.
I've repaired it.
Tom was able to walk.
"What did he say?" "I'd rather not translate that."
I hate marmalade.
Tom didn't need this.
It's full of contradictions.
Today is payday.
Tom didn't need guidance.
Tom opened a book.
Please get up.
Tom was able to win.
This is an ax.
Tom was there last week.
Lead is metal.
Tom was a bit worried.
I paid you back already.
Tom was given a chance.
The rotting shanty town was not too distant from the grandiose temples of serpentine.
Her people, who were mainly impoverished immigrants from far away, had the habit of crying a lot, and not just with tears.
I have white hair.
Tom didn't need to take a day off.
Cassandrax was from a fringe sector of the galaxy, as her accent of Galactique revealed.
I play the bugle.
Tom didn't need to be handcuffed.
This is plastic.
What was the weather like last Monday?
Summer's over.
Tom was very fast.
Tom didn't need more surgery.
You look very old.
Tom was told everything.
I'll be finished soon.
Tom was the manager.
Lend me that.
Tom was brought up by foster parents.
I feel your loss.
Tom didn't need to move.
I feel worthless.
Tom didn't need to work.
I was right there.
Tom didn't need to rest.
I'm apprehensive.
My daughter is not three yet.
I like my mom.
Tom didn't need us.
Tom has ambitions.
I never dream.
I couldn't eat what Tom made.
I play concertina.
Tom didn't need to stay in bed.
Tom didn't need the ladder.
Tell me why not.
Tom is not inferior to others.
Tom was in on it.
Tom isn't a scoundrel.
He has dozens of books.
Venus doesn't have a moon.
Have you received my letter yet?
I hate beggars.
Tom didn't need a new desk.
Do you like this jumper?
Do you like this sweater?
Where's my cap?
Tom was wearing shoes.
I just signed up.
Tom was able to swim.
I've never seen snow.
Tom was on the team.
The crocodile said a kind word!
Tom is very good at finding bugs.
I stepped back.
Tom was a student here.
I hate the beach.
Tom was helping.
I have some books.
The new sentence design will completely replace the old one.
Tom was ready to leave.
He is never sad.
I see a castle.
Tom didn't need a bottle opener.
What am I without you?
What is biology?
Tom didn't need new shoes.
Is that a lion?
Tom was here today.
I assume that the whole document should be looked at and not just this one section.
It sort of looks like someone used machine translation for this.
These phrases seem strange to me and unclear.
I'm sick of this rain.
Tom didn't need to go home.
This is something that I put together for my own students. Perhaps some of you may find it interesting.
It works, but I don't like the way it takes multiple clicks to get to things I often access.
Tom didn't need to resign.
The problem with that error is twofold.
Here's the original French.
Telling our busy developers and admins (or any other members of the community) the order in which they should tackle issues, or how long it should take to fix them, is not the way to get them to the front of the queue, or to make friends.
I didn't get a discount.
Sorry, I missed that question.
I hope that you are recovering well from your accident and that the upcoming year will be a good one for you.
What a long day!
Tom didn't need to know the truth.
When in doubt, consult a dictionary.
I don't think there is any doubt about the meaning.
I wonder why you feel it's necessary to create these near-duplicate sentences.
For those wishing to learn English as it is currently used, example sentences taken from old public domain books without considering whether it's something used nowadays may not be so useful, and perhaps might even mislead students.
I have already seen him, only I don't remember where.
Have patience.
Tom didn't need help.
You are already an adult.
Tom was alone on the train.
Tom was the only one who survived the accident.
I prefer winter.
It's not a coincidence that I have met Tom in my life.
Tom didn't need financial help.
Tom was the only one to survive the accident.
She has another phone number.
The old men and women gathered in the torch-lit wailing temple to cry throughout the night.
The ancient ones built the sorrowful lighthouses to guide their miserable wooden ships.
Tom was ready to die.
Don't keep it.
He arrived from far away.
To believe the truth is difficult sometimes.
Tom didn't need a ride.
They live in Moscow.
Tom's very good at finding bugs.
Tom's very good at debugging.
If you do that I will not be able to guarantee your security.
Tom is very good at debugging.
Storks actually exist.
I remember his face, but his name is not coming to me.
Tom's ready to die.
She has another phone number as well.
She also has another phone number.
Do you have a feather? - Yes, I have it.
Is it difficult?
Do you have a pen? - Yes, I have it.
He asked me where his book is.
Tom was afraid of us.
He will see them this evening.
He left the dirty glass on the kitchen table.
I'm a newbie.
I was doing my homework when Tom came in.
I don't have cats.
Tom was a good player.
The breakfast is not ready.
Tom hid in the henhouse.
Tom was consulted.
This is milk.
Tom was in our group.
Here's the French original.
I'll be here tomorrow morning.
I never laugh.
Tom didn't need to speak to Mary.
I hate pepper.
Tom didn't need to be replaced.
Can't you see?
Tom didn't need a knife.
Let's not sleep.
Tom didn't need to be reassigned.
I'm not sorry.
Tom was dressed.
I don't have any cousins.
Tom was here tonight.
I play the harmonica.
Tom didn't need a taxi.
I'm indisposed.
A person who pushes too hard messes everything up.
Strawberries can be made into jam.
It hurts to know that my absence makes her happy.
Is that guy over there Tom?
I had nightmares.
Tom was expecting it.
I ripped up the newspaper.
Tom also has one.
We lived together for three years.
I'm a seamstress.
Tom didn't need to clean his room.
I do what I like.
Tom was expecting me.
I don't like going to school.
Take the keys.
Tom was mad at you.
I'll buy food.
Tom didn't need an interpreter.
Bears scare me.
Tom was very observant.
Tom was as busy as me.
Tom didn't need a tutor.
I grew a beard.
Tom was wearing a hat.
It's very dangerous to cross the street.
You're on TV.
Tom didn't need a ladder.
Is that a lynx?
Nobody had come.
Tom was at home today.
I'm a pharmacist.
Tom was very troubled.
The notebook is not purple.
Tom likes you more than he likes anybody else.
Tom likes you more than he likes anyone else.
Tom likes you more than anybody else does.
It's time to say thank you.
This is fake.
I usually eat dessert after lunch.
I have to be at the station at nine.
Tom didn't need help on the farm.
These are fakes.
I'll solve this.
There are many things I have never heard people say that would be OK.
Tom was my patient.
We have many Japanese sentences by native Japanese speakers that still need Russian translations.
You may want to bookmark this page for future use.
Tom was rude to me.
