She was waiting for him on his porch.
He's helping her with her homework.
She's helping him with his homework.
He asked her how to get to her house.
She asked him how to get to his house.
He gave her a lift back to her place.
She gave him a lift back to his place.
He can't get her to make up her mind.
She can't get him to make up his mind.
He walked over to her and hugged her.
She walked over to him and hugged him.
He saw her sitting alone at her desk.
She saw him sitting alone at his desk.
He asked her about her job in Boston.
She asked him about his job in Boston.
He told her that her French was good.
She told him that his French was good.
He often helps her with her homework.
She often helps him with his homework.
He baked her a cake for her birthday.
She baked him a cake for his birthday.
He winked at her and blew her a kiss.
She winked at him and blew him a kiss.
He walked over to her and kissed her.
She walked over to him and kissed him.
He told her she was wasting her time.
She told him she was wasting his time.
He kissed her on the tip of her nose.
She kissed him on the tip of his nose.
He drew a picture of her and her dog.
She drew a picture of him and his dog.
He visited her at her home in Boston.
She visited him at his home in Boston.
He used to help her with her homework.
He asked her and her friends for help.
She asked him and his friends for help.
He asked her to mind her own business.
She asked him to mind his own business.
He asked her for her telephone number.
She asked him for his telephone number.
He asked her what was in her suitcase.
She asked him what was in his suitcase.
He told her where to put her suitcase.
She told him where to put his suitcase.
He helped her get into her wheelchair.
She helped him get into his wheelchair.
He called her to ask her to come over.
She called him to ask him to come over.
He talked her out of quitting her job.
She talked him out of quitting his job.
He congratulated her on her promotion.
She congratulated him on his promotion.
He hugged her and gave her a big kiss.
She hugged him and gave his a big kiss.
He congratulated her on her graduation.
She congratulated him on his graduation.
He swindled her out of all her savings.
She swindled him out of all his savings.
He refused to help her do her homework.
She refused to help him do his homework.
He helped her with her science project.
She helped him with his science project.
He could hear her talking on her phone.
She could hear him talking on his phone.
He saw her hitting one of her children.
She saw him hitting one of his children.
He didn't help her carry her suitcases.
She didn't help him carry his suitcases.
He was talking to her about her family.
She was talking to him about his family.
He showed her where to put her umbrella.
She showed him where to put his umbrella.
He persuaded her to sell her motorcycle.
She persuaded him to sell his motorcycle.
He asked her who her French teacher was.
She asked him who his French teacher was.
He's been helping her do her homework.
She's been helping him do his homework.
He asked her how her father was feeling.
She asked him how his father was feeling.
He was talking to her about her new car.
She was talking to him about his new car.
He asked her to reconsider her decision.
She asked him to reconsider him decision.
He asked her what her father's name was.
She asked him what his father's name was.
He asked her to drop by on her way home.
She asked him to drop by on his way home.
He invited her and her friends to dinner.
She invited him and his friends to dinner.
He asked her about her new job in Boston.
She asked him about his new job in Boston.
He asked her about her life in Australia.
She asked him about his life in Australia.
He asked her when she'd bought her car.
She asked him when he'd bought his car.
He doesn't know where she parked her car.
She doesn't know where he parked his car.
He wondered why she'd changed her mind.
She wondered why he'd changed his mind.
He called her to invite her to his party.
She called him to invite him to her party.
He told her that she was wasting her time.
She told him that he was wasting his time.
He asked her to let him copy her homework.
She asked him to let her copy his homework.
He asked her what she had in her suitcase.
She asked him what he had in his suitcase.
He wasn't surprised when she quit her job.
She wasn't surprised when he quit his job.
He doubted that she'd keep her promise.
She doubted that he'd keep his promise.
He invited her and her sister to his party.
She invited him and his sister to her party.
He wanted me to help him with his homework.
She wanted me to help her with her homework.
He sat next to her with his arm around her.
She sat next to him with her arm around him.
He doesn't think she looks like her mother.
She doesn't think he looks like his father.
He told her she should get her eyes checked.
She told him he should get his eyes checked.
He's helping her get ready for her trip.
She's helping him get ready for his trip.
He's helping her decorate for her party.
She's helping him decorate for his party.
He's helping her carry in her suitcases.
She's helping him carry in his suitcases.
He called her and asked her to come over.
She called him and asked him to come over.
He dropped her off at her friend's house.
She dropped him off at his friend's house.
He helped her carry stuff out to her car.
She helped him carry stuff out to his car.
He helps her with her homework sometimes.
She helps him with his homework sometimes.
He offered to help her with her homework.
She offered to help him with his homework.
He promised to help her with her homework.
She promised to help him with his homework.
He wants me to help her with her homework.
She wants me to help him with his homework.
He should've helped her with her homework.
She should've helped him with his homework.
He helped her decorate her Christmas tree.
She helped him decorate his Christmas tree.
He's been helping her with her homework.
She's been helping him with his homework.
He turned to her and asked her a question.
She turned to him and asked him a question.
He offered to help her find her lost puppy.
She offered to help him find his lost puppy.
He asked her who had given her the picture.
She asked him who had given him the picture.
He poured her a drink and handed it to her.
She poured him a drink and handed it to him.
He said something to her that made her cry.
She said something to him that made him cry.
He's trying to help her with her homework.
She's trying to help him with his homework.
He hasn't talked to her since her birthday.
She hasn't talked to him since his birthday.
He decided to go ahead let her have her way.
She decided to go ahead let him have his way.
Do you know how long Tom is going to be in Boston?
It wasn't easy to find a place to park.
We don't yet know where we'll be going.
What convinced you to change your mind?
I'm very worried about the environment.
I've always been an independent person.
I've always been interested in surgery.
Tom passed out after drinking a six-pack of beer.
Tom spends most of his time sitting on the porch.
This article hasn't aged well.
That article didn't age well.
This quote didn't age well.
Well, that aged well.
I want Tom to go to Australia to visit his uncle.
I'm really excited for the opportunity.
I wanted to eat with Tom, but I didn't have time.
I'm still optimistic about the project.
If you don't help Tom, he won't be able to do it.
The more Tom drank, the more obnoxious he became.
I'm very concerned about these matters.
Tom has been battling depression for many years.
She flirted with her
Kill all the murderers.
Where are you
Everyone hates him. He knows why.
Come to my house
Are you going to do this or what?
Good. I hate this a lot.
She died back then.
This is a car. This is a big car.
This music soothes me.
This music is soothing.
Did I keep you waiting?
Is there enough room for us?
I buried him.
I buried her.
He sat there for hours.
He stayed sitting there for hours.
I'm religious.
They all were wrong.
Her intentions are honourable.
She's got honourable intentions.
She has honourable intentions.
Her intentions are sincere.
Paul is one of the pupils who are taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the students who are taking part in the chess tournament.
Singing under the shower is one of her favourite things to do.
That watch there was made in Switzerland.
That clock there was made in Switzerland.
You don't easily forget your first love.
He likes tennis more than basketball.
What's the capacity of your motorbike's engine?
What's your motorbike's capacity?
You were both wrong – you and your brother.
You and your brother were both wrong.
She was wearing a pink miniskirt, and blue sunglasses in the shape of an electric guitar.
Have you got a house in Italy?
Let's hire a bike here.
Let's hire a bicycle here.
The man sitting there is a famous singer.
It's a thirty-metre-long boat.
She was very beautiful in her new dress.
It seems to be a true story.
Unfortunately, that book is nowhere to be found.
Do the glasses suit her?
Do the glasses suit him?
She took a biro from her pocket.
She took a pen from her pocket.
She took a ballpoint pen from her pocket.
Why don't you change your doctor?
We need to defeat corruption in Algeria.
I really care about Algeria.
It's very easy to rant about Algeria but it's much harder to work to make Algeria a better country.
Sirius is the brightest star visible in our night sky. It's in the Great Dog constellation.
"Have you got a dog?" "No." "Do you want one?" "No." "Why not?" "Don't know."
"Have you got a dog?" "No." "Do you want one?" "No." "Why not?" "Dunno."
The pizza upset my stomach.
Those donuts upset my stomach.
He's good with people.
He gets on well with people.
She poured milk into a cup.
She poured some milk into a cup.
Who is the person who just spoke to you?
I found your watch in the toilet water.
He was staring at the toilet water.
Who's the person who was just speaking to you?
They found only old junk in the loft.
They found only old junk in the attic.
I fell asleep a few minutes into the movie.
The table is a metre wide.
The coat is on the chair.
The coat's lying on the chair.
It's terribly warm today.
It's awfully warm today.
There are not many guest in the restaurant.
For Christmas he bought her the book "Alice in Wonderland".
Today is Saturday 11th December 2010.
Today is Saturday the 11th of December 2010.
She doesn't look at all like her mother.
Father Christmas is coming tomorrow. Bye!
There was only a chair next to the table.
It was hell.
He's old, but in very good health.
He has been awake for hours.
It felt like hours.
It took four pills to finally get me to sleep.
Sitting in his armchair, he let his thoughts turn to the future.
Sitting in his armchair, he let his thoughts drift towards the future.
Careful, sir – it's slippery.
He must be a musician.
He felt so unhappy that he cursed the day he was born.
He's in his element there.
Why did Vincent van Gogh cut off his ear?
The sea's waves crash against the rocks on the shore.
He was taken to the hospital.
He stood there, gawping.
I have no intention of taking this substance tonight.
He was standing there, gawping.
You look pale. Are you ill?
He broke two ribs in the accident.
Five minutes after I took the pill, the world was beginning to distort.
Has your kitten been house-trained yet?
I saw a lot of intense colors.
Is your little cat already house-trained?
Thoughts were spinning in his head like a merry-go-round.
We're going to be stuck in this hell for ever.
He started acting bonkers.
I saw lots of beautiful colors.
He has intense imagination capabilities.
The chairman banged the table with his fist.
The chairman thumped the table with his fist.
The chairperson thumped the table with their fist.
The chairperson banged the table with their fist.
He repaired his iron.
He's trapped in an eternal hell.
He mended his iron.
The trip is over.
How beautifully it's snowing today!
This drug is illegal in Algeria.
This is Bejaia, Algeria.
I'll meet with a local chaman.
The cloud broke up.
The blanket of cloud broke up.
I'm about to embark on a journey to Algeria.
Psychedelics are chemicals.
He's studying cave drawings in Algeria.
They're in the garden as well.
Do you like baking cakes?
The sun will go down in two hours.
He stuck a stamp on the envelope.
The spring sunshine gradually melted the last of the snow.
Coconuts have a hard shell.
Lorries transported the stone from the mine.
Lorries were transporting the stone from the mine.
The widow mourned her husband for a long time.
Do you like bean soup?
The hen protects her chicks.
The hen is protecting her chicks.
Silver is worth less than gold.
"Did you watch telly last week?" "No."
"Did you watch television last week?" "No."
Puns are hard to translate.
They wanted to come themselves.
They intended to come themselves.
They were going to come themselves.
He really thinks he's the centre of the universe.
He left, furious.
A warbler is not an insect, but a bird.
It's spring again.
Spring has come again.
He's never wrong.
He's never mistaken.
This symbol means that the answer is correct.
The teacher stood in the middle of the group.
The teacher stood at the centre of the group.
What do you understand by that?
The conference didn't produce an outcome.
She's full of doubts.
She's full of uncertainty.
This motorway saves us a lot of time.
If you insist on bringing something, then please – just a flower.
Brr – it's cold!
Would you like bottled or draught beer?
The trains run every two hours.
They were so cute, those two.
Not now; maybe later.
The other guests extended a friendly invitation to him to sit with them at their table.
The other guests kindly invited him to sit with them at their table.
What's happened here, then? The whole flat's wet.
She came an hour later than agreed.
That's unavoidable.
She remembers her first day at school.
These chairs are made from wood.
Those chairs are made from wood.
What do you think of when you see this picture?
No one was there except for Peter.
"What sort of book are you reading?" "A novel."
The doctor advised the man to stop drinking.
She promised to meet him at the café.
Milk goes sour in heat.
That night was terribly cold.
She's sixty-five years old tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has driving licence.
They don't have proof.
They have no proof.
The cat is still very young.
The cat's still very young.
Tom wasn't invited to his sister's wedding.
Tom is Mary's sugar daddy.
Why did she choose me?
He's repairing his car.
Mary is Tom's sugar mama.
He's fixing his car.
Tom is Mary's boy toy.
You should go back home fast.
I am done with Tom and Mary. They are dishonest people.
Tom and Mary are friends with benefits.
You should go back home, quickly.
Do you like that country?
Can you explain colors to a blind person?
Can you explain what colors are like to a blind person?
The dosage last night was much higher.
The feeling was really strong.
How would you describe colors to a blind person?
This dose is enough to put an elephant to sleep.
"Where are you?" "In Algeria."
"Are you in Algeria?" "Yes." "What town?"
There's a measles outbreak in Europe.
I have a sibling in Algeria.
Who's the president of Algeria?
What Algerian city are we in?
They made him confess to a crime he didn't commit.
He wore an earpiece.
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.
He wore an earpiece so that she would guide him.
I called the project director to see what to do.
He was resolute about his innocence.
You need to come down here.
Mary started panicking when she learned that Tom had lost his job.
She's a fascist.
Tom said that he wasn't used to working in adverse weather conditions.
They're a fascist.
I will shit on everything you love.
Is there a bus route here?
Tom eventually plucked up the courage and entered the cave.
Mary said that she would lay down her life for Tom.
Bavaria is beautiful.
I owe Tom nothing.
This town is surrounded by mountains.
Tom said that it wasn't his duty to take care of Mary.
Possenhofen Castle was Elisabeth's childhood home.
Tom hasn't won my trust yet.
Tom was instantly infatuated with Mary.
Tom is shy and introverted.
Mary is shy and introverted.
Elisabeth was prone to bouts of melancholy.
Her mother was concerned about Elisabeth's physical and mental health.
Tom had fits of coughing.
Mary is Tom's girlfriend, not mine.
Tom is concerned about Mary's physical and mental health.
Who else should do it but Tom?
I cannot stomach what Tom said to me.
I won't do that on Tom's behalf.
You will do it only when Tom allows it.
Mary refused to share the room with Tom.
Mary tried to poison Tom with an unknown substance.
Do you think she knows I like her?
Do you think he knows I like him?
Do you think Tom knows I like him?
Do you think Tom knows I like Mary?
Why should I help Tom when he has never helped me?
Do you think Tom knows Mary likes him?
I regret inviting Tom and Mary to my wedding.
Do you think Mary knows Tom likes her?
Do you think Tom knows Mary likes John?
Do you think Tom knows that Mary likes John?
I won't go by car with Tom because he drives too fast.
Nobody can avoid death.
No one can escape their destiny.
No one can escape their fate.
Wood is a sustainable material.
Wood is a sustainable building material.
You don't seem like you're having fun.
Tom didn't seem like he was having fun.
Are your parents strict?
Attachment is the most difficult thing when you're dying.
I collect watches.
"I did it. I killed her." "Then off to jail."
They're trained to beat lie detectors.
Those spies are trained to beat lie detectors.
He's a trained spy and he has nothing to fear from a lie detector.
French fries aren't even French.
I had a lot of things to wash over the weekend.
I enjoy the work that they do.
You don't have to stoop to his level.
There are many misconceptions about Islam.
I just heard that they are coming here for the holiday.
I'm not going to send him a card.
Let's send him a birthday card this year.
I assured Tom that I would take care of it.
The New Year's party won't be the same this year without him.
This was a birthday present from him.
They bought their grandson a bike for his birthday.
They gave each other presents on New Year's Eve.
They got married on New Year's Eve.
He bought an expensive birthday present for his wife.
She bought him a nice birthday present.
Remind him that the world does not revolve around him.
He came home just in time for dinner.
She always puts herself first.
You always put yourself first.
He chose to spend New Year's Eve with her rather than with his family.
He dreaded having to spend his birthday in the hospital.
He gave his dog a piece of leftover pizza.
She gave her five-year-old son a puppy for his birthday.
He gave me a nice present.
He gave me this CD for my birthday.
He got more birthday presents than me.
He got everything he wanted for his birthday.
She helped me decorate the house.
I hoped he would come back home for the holiday.
He always dominates the conversation.
He has already planned a vacation.
I hoped you would come back home for the holiday.
You didn't do your homework.
He says he wants a puppy for his birthday.
He spent all of his free time at home with his family.
He spent his holiday there with her.
He spent his holiday with his family.
He thanked her for helping him decorate his house.
Ask not what Algeria can do for you but ask what you can do for Algeria.
She will suck you dry.
This bitch will suck you dry.
She's a greedy bitch and she'll suck you dry.
He's a greedy bastard and he'll suck you dry.
He's one of the nicest guys in the neighborhood.
Do not let her use you and suck you dry.
He turns three days before New Year.
He wants a model train for his birthday.
He was born three days before New Year's Day of 2011.
He was very unhappy about having to spend his birthday in the hospital.
He won't be spending New Year's Eve with his family.
We sang songs in the car all the way to his house.
What did you buy him for his birthday?
What makes you think I want to spend the night with you?
What should I buy him for his birthday?
What'll you get him for his birthday?
Why don't you tell him what you want for your birthday?
He would never go out of his way and help people.
He sent her a birthday card.
Did you receive a birthday present from him this year?
What have you bought him for his birthday?
He says that they will spend New Year's Eve together.
He never shares his toys with other kids.
Did you get a birthday present for him this year?
Did you get a birthday present from him this year?
They decorated the cake.
He helped her decorate her house.
Teach them how to do it.
I'm sure he doesn't want to be alone on New Year's Eve.
Will you be spending New Year's Eve with him?
He sent us presents.
I went to my village in Algeria.
She sent us gifts.
My uncle sends me a birthday present every year.
You know how life is in Algeria.
These figs are really ripe.
He came with some figs.
He brought some figs.
He has been in Algeria for a very long time.
Do it in a nice way.
Teach them.
Expose them.
Bring them figs.
Do them this favor.
Share this video with your friends.
This spider is here to catch insects.
Spiders are attracted by light.
Study for your exam.
Please stop procrastinating.
Find a quiet area where you can study.
Study in the library.
Study in the cafeteria.
Make a video about that.
Study in groups.
Help each other.
Avoid stressful people.
Avoid self-centered people.
Avoid people who stress you out.
Get enough rest.
Please make sure you get enough sleep.
Stop studying.
Concentrate on your studies.
Focus on your studies.
Please watch this video.
Sit in the back seat.
I don't think that Tom deserves the promotion.
Practise.
Check your laptop.
Check your phone.
Finish all your eating and drinking.
Read all these books.
Take a sheet of paper.
Switch on the timer.
Read aloud.
Follow these rules.
Follow this rule.
Switch off the timer.
Eat healthy food.
Do one single task at a time and focus on it.
Do one single task at a time.
Do one single task at a time with full concentration.
Watch this podcast.
Read this book cover to cover.
Finish watching the video.
Take a five minute break.
My suspicions were unfounded.
If he didn't order this investigation, she could have flown under the radar for years.
They're non-binary.
He's a French teacher and so is she.
She's a French teacher and so is he.
He's an engineer and so is she.
She's an engineer and so is he.
He's from Boston and so is she.
She's from Boston and so is he.
He was absent and so was she.
She was absent and so was he.
He's in Boston and so is she.
She's in Boston and so is he.
He'll be very disappointed if she doesn't come to visit.
She'll be very disappointed if he doesn't come to visit.
He'll try to find out why she doesn't want to do that.
She'll try to find out why he doesn't want to do that.
He'll just have to ask her to do that for us, won't he?
She'll just have to ask him to do that for us, won't she?
His oldest son looks just like him.
Her oldest daughter looks just like her.
He'll be walking her home.
He'll be driving her home.
He'll ask her to marry him.
His idea intrigued her.
He's the same age as her.
His reply surprised her.
His answer surprised her.
His parents don't like her.
He'll stay, but she won't.
She'll stay, but he won't.
He'll pay for her ticket.
She'll pay for his ticket.
He'll do that, but she won't.
She'll do that, but he won't.
He'll make sure she does that.
She'll make sure he does that.
He'll give her what she wants.
She'll give him what he wants.
He won't let her go.
She won't let him go.
He'll notify her.
She'll notify him.
He'll see her today.
She'll see him today.
He'll let her drive.
She'll let him drive.
He'll let her decide.
She'll let him decide.
He'll miss her a lot.
She'll miss him a lot.
He'll meet her today.
She'll meet him today.
He'll drive her home.
She'll drive him home.
He'll ask her to wait.
She'll ask him to wait.
He'll let her do that.
She'll let him do that.
He'll visit her today.
She'll visit him today.
He'll help her do that.
She'll help him do that.
He'll make her do that.
She'll make him do that.
He'll meet her at 2:30.
She'll meet him at 2:30.
He'll help her tomorrow.
She'll help him tomorrow.
He'll tell her tomorrow.
She'll tell him tomorrow.
He'll send her an email.
She'll send him an email.
He'll ask her to do that.
She'll ask him to do that.
He'll visit her tomorrow.
She'll visit him tomorrow.
He'll tell her everything.
She'll tell him everything.
He'll pick her up at 2:30.
She'll pick him up at 2:30.
He'll visit her next week.
She'll visit him next week.
He'll visit her in Boston.
She'll visit him in Boston.
He'll visit her on Monday.
She'll visit him on Monday.
He'll tell her what to do.
She'll tell him what to do.
He'll never see her again.
She'll never see him again.
He'll probably let her win.
She'll probably let him win.
He'll allow her to do that.
She'll allow him to do that.
He'll permit her to do that.
She'll permit him to do that.
He'll talk to her about that.
She'll talk to him about that.
He'll never to see her again.
She'll never to see him again.
He'll ask her not to do that.
She'll ask him not to do that.
He'll probably let her drive.
She'll probably let him drive.
He'll be helping her do that.
She'll be helping him do that.
He'll give it to her tomorrow.
She'll give it to him tomorrow.
He'll show her how to do that.
She'll show him how to do that.
He'll give her another chance.
She'll give him another chance.
He'll try to help her do that.
She'll try to help him do that.
He'll give her what she needs.
She'll give him what he needs.
He'll be lonely if she leaves.
She'll be lonely if he leaves.
He'll be there, but she won't.
She'll be there, but he won't.
He'll wait until she gets here.
She'll wait until he gets here.
He'll be very glad she did that.
She'll be very glad he did that.
He'll be upset if she does that.
She'll be upset if he does that.
He'll be angry if she does that.
She'll be angry if he does that.
He'll be very sad if she leaves.
She'll be very sad if he leaves.
He'll likely tell her he's busy.
She'll likely tell him she's busy.
He'll go whether she does or not.
She'll go whether he does or not.
He'll be surprised if she does that.
She'll be surprised if he does that.
He'll be upset if she doesn't do that.
She'll be upset if he doesn't do that.
He'll probably cry if she leaves.
She'll probably cry if he leaves.
He'll go, no matter what she says.
She'll go, no matter what he says.
He'll do what she tells him to do.
She'll do what he tells her to do.
He'll take over after she retires.
She'll take over after he retires.
He'll do that if she wants him to.
She'll do that if he wants her to.
He'll give her what she asked for.
She'll give him what he asked for.
He'll try to find out why she left.
She'll try to find out why he left.
He'll probably tell her he's sorry.
She'll probably tell him she's sorry.
He'll probably tell her he's tired.
She'll probably tell him she's tired.
He'll give her everything she needs.
She'll give him everything he needs.
He'll give her everything she wants.
She'll give him everything he wants.
He'll probably tell her he's sleepy.
She'll probably tell him she's sleepy.
He'll likely tell her he's not busy.
She'll likely tell him she's not busy.
He'll likely tell her he isn't busy.
She'll likely tell him she isn't busy.
He'll be at the party, but she won't.
She'll be at the party, but he won't.
He'll give her whatever she asks for.
She'll give him whatever he asks for.
He'll try to convince her to help him.
She'll try to convince him to help her.
He'll likely tell her he isn't hungry.
She'll likely tell him she isn't hungry.
He'll likely tell her he isn't sleepy.
She'll likely tell him she isn't sleepy.
He'll probably tell her he isn't busy.
She'll probably tell him she isn't busy.
He'll probably tell her he isn't tired.
She'll probably tell him she isn't tired.
He'll probably tell her he'll do that.
She'll probably tell him she'll do that.
He'll probably tell her he's busy.
She'll probably tell him he's busy.
He'll probably tell her he's not busy.
She'll probably tell him he's not busy.
He'll probably tell her he's not tired.
She'll probably tell him he's not tired.
He'll do that only if he tells her to.
She'll do that only if she tells him to.
He'll try to find out why she did that.
She'll try to find out why he did that.
He'll help her do that if she asks him to.
She'll help him do that if he asks her to.
He'll try to find out why she wants to do that.
She'll try to find out why he wants to do that.
He'll never forget all the time he spent with her.
She'll never forget all the time she spent with him.
He'll take care for her children while she's away.
She'll take care for his children while he's away.
He'll try to find out why she did that the way she did.
She'll try to find out why he did that the way he did.
He'll never let her win again.
She'll never let him win again.
He'll be with her all morning.
She'll be with him all morning.
He'll tell her not to do that.
She'll tell him not to do that.
He'll probably let her do that.
She'll probably let him do that.
He'll stop her from doing that.
She'll stop him from doing that.
He'll come back to pick her up.
She'll come back to pick him up.
He'll drive her to the airport.
She'll drive him to the airport.
He'll have to help her do that.
She'll have to help him do that.
He'll be covering her shifts.
She'll be covering his shifts.
He'll ask her to do that for us.
She'll ask him to do that for us.
He'll do that with her tomorrow.
She'll do that with him tomorrow.
He'll be with her all afternoon.
She'll be with him all afternoon.
He'll help her do that, I think.
She'll help him do that, I think.
He'll try to talk her out of it.
She'll try to talk him out of it.
He'll visit her on October 20th.
She'll visit him on October 20th.
He'll argue with her about that.
She'll argue with him about that.
He'll give her the details later.
She'll give him the details later.
He'll pick her up at the airport.
She'll pick him up at the airport.
He'll never forget her kindness.
She'll never forget his kindness.
He'll never let her do that again.
She'll never let him do that again.
He'll meet her somewhere in Boston.
She'll meet him somewhere in Boston.
He'll try to persuade her to drive.
She'll try to persuade him to drive.
He'll help her do that after supper.
She'll help him do that after supper.
He'll probably allow her to do that.
She'll probably allow him to do that.
He'll go swimming with her tomorrow.
She'll go swimming with him tomorrow.
He'll write a letter to her tonight.
She'll write a letter to him tonight.
He'll definitely ask her to do that.
She'll definitely ask him to do that.
He'll be meeting her in three hours.
She'll be meeting him in three hours.
He'll try to convince her to do that.
She'll try to convince him to do that.
He'll try to persuade her to do that.
She'll try to persuade him to do that.
He'll stop her from doing that again.
She'll stop him from doing that again.
He'll probably permit her to do that.
She'll probably permit him to do that.
He'll definitely tell her to do that.
She'll definitely tell him to do that.
He'll probably be scared of her dog.
She'll probably be scared of his dog.
He'll probably be afraid of her dog.
She'll probably be afraid of his dog.
He'll be at her house all day today.
She'll be at his house all day today.
Please run this script.
He'll be going to her birthday party.
She'll be going to his birthday party.
He'll need to tell her sooner or later.
She'll need to tell him sooner or later.
He'll never allow her to do that again.
She'll never allow him to do that again.
He'll never forgive her for doing that.
She'll never forgive him for doing that.
He'll try to convince her not to leave.
She'll try to convince him not to leave.
He'll try to persuade her not to leave.
She'll try to persuade him not to leave.
He'll be her French teacher next year.
She'll be his French teacher next year.
He'll try to convince her not to do that.
She'll try to convince him not to do that.
He'll try to persuade her not to do that.
She'll try to persuade him not to do that.
He'll be eating dinner at her house tonight.
She'll be eating dinner at his house tonight.
He'll try to convince her to accept your offer.
She'll try to convince him to accept your offer.
He'll probably never forgive her for doing that.
She'll probably never forgive him for doing that.
He'll probably ask her for permission to do that.
She'll probably ask him for permission to do that.
He'll likely go to the zoo with her next weekend.
She'll likely go to the zoo with him next weekend.
He'll try to persuade her not to drop out of school.
She'll try to persuade him not to drop out of school.
He'll eventually figure out it was her who did that.
She'll eventually figure out it was him who did that.
He won't let us go there without him.
She won't let us go there without her.
He asked her not to go without him.
She asked him not to go without him.
He left the room without her noticing.
She left the room without him noticing.
He doesn't think he can live without her.
She doesn't think she can live without him.
He doesn't want her to go anywhere without him.
She doesn't want him to go anywhere without her.
He doesn't want her to go to Boston without him.
She doesn't want him to go to Boston without her.
He was mad because she went to Boston without him.
She was mad because he went to Boston without her.
He's interested in her.
She's interested in him.
He was disappointed in her.
She was disappointed in him.
He's very disappointed in her.
She's very disappointed in him.
He said that she has confidence in her.
She said that she has confidence in him.
He has started to show an interest in her.
She has started to show an interest in him.
He's hard on her.
She's hard on him.
He was hard on her.
She was hard on him.
He was hung up on her.
She was hung up on him.
He also has a crush on her.
She also has a crush on him.
He may have cheated on her.
She may have cheated on him.
He's playing a joke on her.
She's playing a joke on him.
He's a bad influence on her.
She's a bad influence on him.
He's hiding from her.
She's hiding from him.
He's expecting a call from her.
She's expecting a call from him.
He's been borrowing money from her.
She's been borrowing money from him.
He was in the closet, hiding from her.
She was in the closet, hiding from him.
He's been told to stay away from her.
She's been told to stay away from him.
He was sitting across the table from her.
She was sitting across the table from him.
He was sitting at the bar three stools away from her.
She was sitting at the bar three stools away from him.
He was lonely without her.
She was lonely without him.
He's better off without her.
She's better off without him.
He's right behind her.
She's right behind him.
He was right behind her.
She was right behind him.
He's sitting behind her.
She's sitting behind him.
He's walking behind her.
She's walking behind him.
He's standing behind her.
She's standing behind him.
He was walking behind her.
She was walking behind him.
He was standing behind her.
She was standing behind him.
He's sitting right behind her.
She's sitting right behind him.
He's standing right behind her.
She's standing right behind him.
He was trying to hide behind her.
She was trying to hide behind him.
He's sitting directly behind her.
She's sitting directly behind him.
He was standing in line behind her.
She was standing in line behind him.
He took out after her.
She took out after him.
He had to look after her.
She had to look after him.
He's going to look after her.
She's going to look after him.
He left about three minutes after her.
She left about three minutes after him.
He was right about her.
She was right about him.
He's worried about her.
She's worried about him.
He was talking about her.
She was talking about him.
He was worried about her.
She was worried about him.
He's concerned about her.
She's concerned about him.
He's just worried about her.
She's just worried about him.
He's very worried about her.
She's very worried about him.
He's worried sick about her.
She's worried sick about him.
He was very worried about her.
She was very worried about him.
He was worried sick about her.
She was worried sick about him.
He's always talking about her.
She's always talking about him.
He's really worried about her.
She's really worried about him.
He's obviously crazy about her.
She's obviously crazy about him.
He has written a song about her.
She has written a song about him.
He's a little worried about her.
She's a little worried about him.
He's probably worried about her.
She's probably worried about him.
He's really concerned about her.
She's really concerned about him.
He's probably thinking about her.
She's probably thinking about him.
He was a little worried about her.
She was a little worried about him.
He's a little concerned about her.
She's a little concerned about him.
He's always complaining about her.
She's always complaining about him.
He was genuinely worried about her.
He's the one who told me about her.
She's the one who told me about him.
He has been spreading rumors about her.
She has been spreading rumors about him.
He was guilty of spreading lies about her.
She was guilty of spreading lies about him.
He said he hopes she won't do that by herself.
She said she hopes he won't do that by himself.
He said he hopes she won't go home by herself.
She said she hopes he won't go home by himself.
He said he didn't believe she'd do that by herself.
She said she didn't believe he'd do that by himself.
He said he hopes that she won't do that by herself.
She said she hopes that he won't do that by himself.
He said he didn't believe that she's do that by herself.
She said she didn't believe that he's do that by himself.
He said that he didn't believe that she'd do that by herself.
She said that she didn't believe that he'd do that by himself.
He told her that he thought she shouldn't go there by herself.
She told him that she thought he shouldn't go there by himself.
He said that he didn't think she could've done that by herself.
She said that she didn't think he could've done that by himself.
He told her that he thought it wouldn't be good if she went there by herself.
She told him that she thought it wouldn't be good if he went there by himself.
He said he saw her sitting in the park by herself.
She said she saw him sitting in the park by himself.
He made it plain that he wanted her to do the work by herself.
She made it plain that she wanted him to do the work by himself.
He said he did that by himself.
She said she did that by herself.
He said that he did that by himself.
She said that she did that by herself.
He said that he was enjoying himself.
She said that she was enjoying herself.
He said that he wasn't enjoying himself.
She said that she wasn't enjoying herself.
He said he was enjoying himself in Boston.
She said she was enjoying herself in Boston.
He told her that he'd have to do that by himself.
She told him that she'd have to do that by herself.
He informed her that he was going to have to do that by himself.
She informed him that she was going to have to do that by herself.
He believes she killed herself.
She believes he killed himself.
He thinks she'll do that by herself.
She thinks he'll do that by himself.
He says she can take care of herself.
She says he can take care of himself.
He knew she didn't do that by herself.
She knew he didn't do that by himself.
He said she should do that by herself.
She said he should do that by himself.
He thinks she can take care of herself.
She thinks he can take care of himself.
He thinks she won't do that by herself.
She thinks he won't do that by himself.
He's sure she can take care of herself.
She's sure he can take care of himself.
He knew she couldn't do that by herself.
She knew he couldn't do that by himself.
He said she ought to do that by herself.
She said he ought to do that by himself.
He insisted that she go there by herself.
She insisted that he go there by himself.
He said she could've done that by herself.
She said he could've done that by himself.
He doubts that she can take care of herself.
She doubts that he can take care of himself.
He believes that she can take care of herself.
She believes that he can take care of himself.
He didn't realize she wasn't enjoying herself.
She didn't realize he wasn't enjoying himself.
He thought that she might try to kill herself.
She thought that he might try to kill himself.
He doesn't believe she can get home by herself.
She doesn't believe he can get home by himself.
He said she was planning to do that by herself.
She said he was planning to do that by himself.
He was very sure she could take care of herself.
She was very sure he could take care of himself.
He didn't notice that she was sitting by herself.
She didn't notice that he was sitting by himself.
He knew she wouldn't want to go there by herself.
She knew he wouldn't want to go there by himself.
He noticed she didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
She noticed he didn't seem to be enjoying himself.
He said she wasn't planning to do that by herself.
She said he wasn't planning to do that by himself.
He told her that she should be ashamed of herself.
She told him that he should be ashamed of himself.
He asked her if she'd enjoyed herself at the party.
She asked him if he'd enjoyed himself at the party.
He didn't realize that she wasn't enjoying herself.
She didn't realize that he wasn't enjoying himself.
He said it looked like she wasn't enjoying herself.
She said it looked like he wasn't enjoying himself.
He told her that she shouldn't go there by herself.
She told him that he shouldn't go there by himself.
He doesn't believe that she can get home by herself.
She doesn't believe that he can get home by himself.
He was very sure that she could take care of herself.
She was very sure that he could take care of himself.
He took the gun from her before she could kill herself.
She took the gun from him before he could kill himself.
He asked her if she really wanted to do that by herself.
She asked him if he really wanted to do that by himself.
He noticed that she was sitting in the corner by herself.
She noticed that he was sitting in the corner by himself.
He grabbed the gun away from her before she could kill herself.
She grabbed the gun away from him before he could kill himself.
He offered to carry her suitcase, but she told him she wanted to carry it herself.
She offered to carry his suitcase, but he told her he wanted to carry it himself.
He left her by herself.
She left him by himself.
He told her to do it herself.
She told him to do it himself.
He told her to behave herself.
She told him to behave himself.
He asked her to behave herself.
She asked him to behave himself.
He told her to do that herself.
She told him to do that himself.
He allowed her to go by herself.
She allowed him to go by himself.
He heard her talking to herself.
She heard him talking to himself.
He let her go fishing by herself.
She let him go fishing by himself.
He told her to do that by herself.
She told him to do that by himself.
He asked her to do that by herself.
She asked him to do that by himself.
He left her in the room by herself.
She left him in the room by himself.
He can't let her do that by herself.
She can't let him do that by himself.
He wanted her to do that by herself.
She wanted him to do that by himself.
He won't leave her there by herself.
She won't leave him there by himself.
He didn't want her to swim by herself.
She didn't want him to swim by himself.
He allowed her to cry herself to sleep.
She allowed him to cry himself to sleep.
He doesn't want her to swim by herself.
She doesn't want him to swim by himself.
He had to leave her at home by herself.
She had to leave him at home by himself.
He told her not to go there by herself.
She told him not to go there by himself.
He asked her not to go there by herself.
She asked him not to go there by himself.
He was expecting her to come by herself.
She was expecting him to come by himself.
He advised her not to do that by herself.
She advised him not to do that by himself.
He doesn't let her go shopping by herself.
She doesn't let him go shopping by himself.
He doesn't want her to go home by herself.
She doesn't want him to go home by himself.
He advised her to take better care of herself.
He told her not to go out at night by herself.
She told him not to go out at night by himself.
He persuaded her not to go swimming by herself.
She persuaded him not to go swimming by himself.
He warned her not to go out by herself after dark.
She warned him not to go out by himself after dark.
He advised her not to go out after dark by herself.
She advised him not to go out after dark by himself.
He told her not to blame herself for what had happened.
She told him not to blame himself for what had happened.
He thought it would be safe for her to walk home by herself.
She thought it would be safe for him to walk home by himself.
He thought it wouldn't be safe for her to walk home by herself.
She thought it wouldn't be safe for him to walk home by himself.
His mom raised her by himself.
His mom raised him by herself.
He taught him how to defend himself.
He taught her how to defend herself.
He poured himself cup of herbal tea.
She poured herself cup of herbal tea.
He fixed himself a cup of herbal tea.
She fixed herself a cup of herbal tea.
He blamed himself for his death.
She blamed herself for his death.
He chuckled to himself as he read his letter.
She chuckled to herself as she read his letter.
He can't bring himself to look at her.
She can't bring herself to look at him.
He devoted himself to her.
His doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
Her doctor advised her to take better care of herself.
His mother used to wash his clothes for him, but now he washes them himself.
Her mother used to wash her clothes for her, but now she washes them herself.
His parents thought that he was too young to live by himself.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Her parents thought that she was too young to live by herself.
He'll be going by himself.
She'll be going by herself.
He'll never do that by himself.
She'll never do that by herself.
He'll be walking home by himself.
She'll be walking home by herself.
He'll never be able to do it by himself.
She'll never be able to do it by herself.
He'll never willingly go there by himself.
She'll never willingly go there by herself.
He'll never be able to do that by himself.
She'll never be able to do that by herself.
He'll likely be able to do everything by himself.
She'll likely be able to do everything by herself.
She proved herself.
She was by herself.
She has hanged herself.
He's already introduced himself.
She can fix it herself.
He's been told to do that by himself.
She can't feed herself.
He's decided to try doing that himself.
She has injured herself.
He's decided to go to Boston by himself.
She snickered to herself.
He's been told not to do that by himself.
She was proud of herself.
He's already been told to do that by himself.
She was there by herself.
He's been told not to try to do that by himself.
She has disgraced herself.
He's already been told not to do that by himself.
She has crucified herself.
He's already been told not to try to do that by himself.
She fixed his car herself.
He has a lot of confidence in himself.
She couldn't feed herself.
An ounce of luck is worth a pound of wisdom.
He has a very high opinion of himself.
She bought one for herself.
He has no intention of going there by himself.
He said that he did his homework by herself.
She said that she did her homework by herself.
He said he'd do his homework by herself.
She said she'd do her homework by herself.
He fixed his car herself.
She fixed her car herself.
He was in his room by herself.
She was in her room by herself.
He didn't do his homework by herself.
She didn't do her homework by herself.
He doesn't do his homework by herself.
She doesn't do her homework by herself.
He walked back to his dorm by herself.
She walked back to her dorm by herself.
He wasn't able to fix his car by herself.
She wasn't able to fix her car by herself.
He walked back to his dormitory by herself.
She walked back to her dormitory by herself.
He tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Boston by herself.
She tried to persuade her parents to let her go to Boston by herself.
It's better to be born lucky than to be born rich.
It's better to be born lucky than rich.
He was in his room by himself.
He bought a new suit for himself.
He didn't do his homework by himself.
She didn't do his homework by herself.
He proved himself.
He was by himself.
He tried it himself.
He can fix it himself.
He can't feed himself.
He snickered to himself.
He was proud of himself.
He was there by himself.
He couldn't feed himself.
He bought one for himself.
He thinks only of himself.
She thinks only of herself.
He decided to kill himself.
She decided to kill herself.
He tried to fix it himself.
She tried to fix it herself.
He cleaned up after himself.
She cleaned up after herself.
He couldn't contain himself.
She couldn't contain herself.
He didn't introduce himself.
She didn't introduce herself.
He liked to keep to himself.
She liked to keep to herself.
He needed to assert himself.
She needed to assert herself.
He'd like to fix it himself.
She'd like to fix it herself.
He came to Boston by himself.
She came to Boston by herself.
He went on a trip by himself.
She went on a trip by herself.
He went to Boston by himself.
She went to Boston by herself.
He bought a watch for himself.
She bought a watch for herself.
He drove to Boston by himself.
She drove to Boston by herself.
He isn't able to feed himself.
She isn't able to feed herself.
He didn't come here by himself.
She didn't come here by herself.
He can't fix the car by himself.
She can't fix the car by herself.
He did most of the work himself.
She did most of the work herself.
He made the decision by himself.
She made the decision by herself.
He seems to be proud of himself.
She seems to be proud of herself.
He went to the party by himself.
She went to the party by herself.
She's already introduced herself.
He didn't clean up after himself.
She didn't clean up after herself.
He didn't even introduce himself.
She didn't even introduce herself.
He ate all the cookies by himself.
She ate all the cookies by herself.
He had to go to Boston by himself.
She had to go to Boston by herself.
He left the restaurant by himself.
She left the restaurant by herself.
He spent Christmas all by himself.
She spent Christmas all by herself.
He did most of the work by himself.
She did most of the work by herself.
He doesn't need to explain himself.
She doesn't need to explain herself.
He likes keeping things to himself.
She likes keeping things to herself.
He wasn't able to restrain himself.
She wasn't able to restrain herself.
He won't be able to fix it himself.
She won't be able to fix it herself.
He can handle everything by himself.
She can handle everything by herself.
He cleaned the house all by himself.
He couldn't've done this by himself.
She couldn't've done this by herself.
He didn't really do that by himself.
She didn't really do that by herself.
He didn't seem very sure of himself.
She didn't seem very sure of herself.
He didn't take anything for himself.
She didn't take anything for herself.
He does most of the work by himself.
She does most of the work by herself.
He doesn't need to go there himself.
He doesn't often do that by himself.
She doesn't often do that by herself.
He doesn't plan on going by himself.
She doesn't plan on going by herself.
He doesn't sound so sure of himself.
She doesn't sound so sure of herself.
He had no chance to express himself.
She had no chance to express herself.
He hardly ever does that by himself.
She hardly ever does that by herself.
He likes to go for walks by himself.
She likes to go for walks by herself.
He may have gone fishing by himself.
She may have gone fishing by herself.
He never told us much about himself.
She never told us much about herself.
He painted the house all by himself.
She painted the house all by herself.
He performed all the stunts himself.
She performed all the stunts herself.
He planned on doing that by himself.
She planned on doing that by herself.
He plans to go to Boston by himself.
She plans to go to Boston by herself.
He plans to stay at home by himself.
She plans to stay at home by herself.
He probably went cycling by himself.
She probably went cycling by herself.
He quite often does that by himself.
She quite often does that by herself.
He raised three children by himself.
She raised three children by herself.
He seemed very pleased with himself.
She seemed very pleased with herself.
He seems quite pleased with himself.
She seems quite pleased with herself.
He seems somewhat unsure of himself.
She seems somewhat unsure of herself.
He should be able to fix it himself.
She should be able to fix it herself.
He took a moment to compose himself.
She took a moment to compose herself.
He very rarely does that by himself.
She very rarely does that by herself.
He very seldom does that by himself.
She very seldom does that by herself.
He wanted to go canoeing by himself.
She wanted to go canoeing by herself.
He was able to take care of himself.
She was able to take care of herself.
He won't drive to Boston by himself.
She won't drive to Boston by herself.
He won't have to do that by himself.
She won't have to do that by herself.
He almost never does that by himself.
She almost never does that by herself.
He can probably take care of himself.
She can probably take care of herself.
He can't do all this work by himself.
She can't do all this work by herself.
He can't possibly do that by himself.
She can't possibly do that by herself.
He cleaned the garage all by himself.
She cleaned the garage all by herself.
He decided to go shopping by himself.
He didn't want to do that by himself.
She didn't want to do that by herself.
He doesn't ever come here by himself.
She doesn't ever come here by herself.
He had the whole campsite to himself.
She had the whole campsite to herself.
He had to pay for everything himself.
She had to pay for everything herself.
He isn't going to do that by himself.
She isn't going to do that by herself.
He knows how to take care of himself.
She knows how to take care of herself.
He lives in a small house by himself.
She lives in a small house by herself.
He looked quite pleased with himself.
She looked quite pleased with herself.
He made no attempt to defend himself.
She made no attempt to defend herself.
He may not have done that by himself.
She may not have done that by herself.
He seemed absolutely sure of himself.
She seemed absolutely sure of herself.
He seemed quite pleased with himself.
She seemed quite pleased with herself.
He seemed somewhat unsure of himself.
She seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
He should've dealt with that himself.
She should've dealt with that herself.
He was afraid to go there by himself.
She was afraid to go there by herself.
He was mumbling something to himself.
She was mumbling something to herself.
He was scared to go there by himself.
She was scared to go there by herself.
He was sitting at a table by himself.
She was sitting at a table by herself.
He was sitting at the bar by himself.
She was sitting at the bar by herself.
He was sitting over there by himself.
She was sitting over there by herself.
He was supposed to do that by himself.
She was supposed to do that by herself.
He wasn't able to do that by himself.
She wasn't able to do that by herself.
He actually figured it out by himself.
She actually figured it out by herself.
He can't have written this by himself.
She can't have written this by herself.
He couldn't have made this by himself.
She couldn't have made this by herself.
He decided to go to Boston by himself.
She decided to go to Boston by herself.
He didn't know how to control himself.
She didn't know how to control herself.
He didn't want to go there by himself.
She didn't want to go there by herself.
He doesn't even understand it himself.
She doesn't even understand it herself.
He doesn't like talking about himself.
She doesn't like talking about herself.
She has a lot of confidence in herself.
He isn't allowed to go out by himself.
She isn't allowed to go out by herself.
He poured a glass of wine for himself.
She poured a glass of wine for herself.
He sat at the bar drinking by himself.
She sat at the bar drinking by herself.
He was just trying to protect himself.
She was just trying to protect herself.
He wrapped the blanket around himself.
She wrapped the blanket around herself.
She's been told to do that by herself.
He almost always does that by himself.
She almost always does that by herself.
He couldn't have done that by himself.
She couldn't have done that by herself.
He couldn't have done this by himself.
She couldn't have done this by herself.
He didn't have to go there by himself.
She didn't have to go there by herself.
He doesn't love anyone except himself.
She doesn't love anyone except herself.
He doesn't plan to do that by himself.
She doesn't plan to do that by herself.
He doesn't usually do that by himself.
She doesn't usually do that by herself.
She has a very high opinion of herself.
He has too high an opinion of himself.
She has too high an opinion of herself.
He isn't going to go there by himself.
She isn't going to go there by herself.
He isn't likely to do that by himself.
She isn't likely to do that by herself.
He ought to be able to fix it himself.
She ought to be able to fix it herself.
He planned to stay at home by himself.
She planned to stay at home by herself.
He poured a cup of coffee for himself.
She poured a cup of coffee for herself.
He showed me some pictures of himself.
She showed me some pictures of herself.
He took a deep breath to calm himself.
She took a deep breath to calm herself.
He took the largest apple for himself.
She took the largest apple for herself.
He usually doesn't do that by himself.
She usually doesn't do that by herself.
He walked back to his dorm by himself.
She walked back to his dorm by herself.
He wouldn't have done that to himself.
She wouldn't have done that to herself.
He always had to do everything himself.
She always had to do everything herself.
He ate the whole watermelon by himself.
She ate the whole watermelon by herself.
He can't have done all this by himself.
She can't have done all this by herself.
He can't have done that all by himself.
She can't have done that all by herself.
He can't have done this all by himself.
She can't have done this all by herself.
He couldn't keep the secret to himself.
She couldn't keep the secret to herself.
He did many of the experiments himself.
She did many of the experiments herself.
He doesn't have to go there by himself.
She doesn't have to go there by herself.
He doesn't need to go there by himself.
She doesn't need to go there by herself.
He doesn't plan to go there by himself.
She doesn't plan to go there by herself.
He doesn't want to go there by himself.
He lives in a big house all by himself.
She lives in a big house all by herself.
He managed to carry everything himself.
She managed to carry everything herself.
He placed most of the blame on himself.
She placed most of the blame on herself.
He plans on staying at home by himself.
She plans on staying at home by herself.
He probably didn't do the work himself.
She probably didn't do the work herself.
He seems to like talking about himself.
She seems to like talking about herself.
He seems to really be enjoying himself.
She seems to really be enjoying herself.
He was sitting on the bench by himself.
She was sitting on the bench by herself.
He won't be able to do that by himself.
She won't be able to do that by herself.
She's decided to try doing that herself.
He could've done that faster by himself.
She could've done that faster by herself.
He isn't planning to do that by himself.
She isn't planning to do that by herself.
He isn't supposed to do that by himself.
She isn't supposed to do that by herself.
He needs to take better care of himself.
She needs to take better care of herself.
He raised the three children by himself.
She raised the three children by herself.
He raised three children all by himself.
She raised three children all by herself.
He scheduled an appointment for himself.
She scheduled an appointment for herself.
He should be able to do that by himself.
She should be able to do that by herself.
He very frequently does that by himself.
She very frequently does that by herself.
He won't be able fix the car by himself.
She won't be able fix the car by herself.
He won't be able to fix that by himself.
She won't be able to fix that by herself.
He won't tell us anything about himself.
She won't tell us anything about herself.
She's decided to go to Boston by herself.
He did almost all of the work by himself.
She did almost all of the work by herself.
He didn't want to make a fool of himself.
She didn't want to make a fool of herself.
He had no desire to stay home by himself.
She had no desire to stay home by herself.
He lived in a small apartment by himself.
She lived in a small apartment by herself.
He seems to actually be enjoying himself.
She seems to actually be enjoying herself.
He shouldn't have stayed here by himself.
She shouldn't have stayed here by herself.
He shouldn't have walked home by himself.
She shouldn't have walked home by herself.
He wanted to learn how to defend himself.
She wanted to learn how to defend herself.
She's been told not to do that by herself.
She's already been told to do that by herself.
She has no intention of going there by herself.
She's been told not to try to do that by herself.
She's already been told not to do that by herself.
She's already been told not to try to do that by herself.
He has no intention of letting his son travel by himself.
She has no intention of letting her son travel by herself.
He wasn't able to fix his car by himself.
He went as far as the station by himself.
She went as far as the station by herself.
He was sitting at the counter by himself.
She was sitting at the counter by herself.
He probably shouldn't do that by himself.
She probably shouldn't do that by herself.
He didn't do that for me but for himself.
She didn't do that for me but for herself.
He wouldn't likely go camping by himself.
She wouldn't likely go camping by herself.
He fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
She fell down the stairs and hurt herself.
He doesn't want to do everything himself.
She doesn't want to do everything herself.
He doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
She doesn't plan on doing that by herself.
He never should've gone there by himself.
She never should've gone there by herself.
He really should've done that by himself.
She really should've done that by herself.
He doesn't have any confidence in himself.
She doesn't have any confidence in herself.
He didn't seem to mind sitting by himself.
She didn't seem to mind sitting by herself.
He didn't want to go to Boston by himself.
She didn't want to go to Boston by herself.
He can't have written this letter himself.
She can't have written this letter herself.
He managed to put out the fire by himself.
She managed to put out the fire by herself.
He finished the bottle of wine by himself.
She finished the bottle of wine by herself.
He managed to put the fire out by himself.
She managed to put the fire out by herself.
He couldn't find words to express himself.
She couldn't find words to express herself.
He was too scared to walk home by himself.
She was too scared to walk home by herself.
He isn't going to have to do that himself.
She isn't going to have to do that herself.
He isn't old enough to do that by himself.
She isn't old enough to do that by herself.
He didn't need to go to Boston by himself.
She didn't need to go to Boston by herself.
He didn't have to go to Boston by himself.
She didn't have to go to Boston by herself.
He needs to be told to do that by himself.
She needs to be told to do that by herself.
He doesn't care about anybody but himself.
She doesn't care about anybody but herself.
He bought a Christmas present for himself.
She bought a Christmas present for herself.
He doesn't take very good care of himself.
She doesn't take very good care of herself.
He should never have gone there by himself.
She should never have gone there by herself.
He could be planning to do that by himself.
She could be planning to do that by herself.
He seems to be thoroughly enjoying himself.
She seems to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
He isn't old enough to go there by himself.
She isn't old enough to go there by herself.
He was scared to go in the cave by himself.
She was scared to go in the cave by herself.
He won't likely have to do that by himself.
She won't likely have to do that by herself.
He could've solved that problem by himself.
She could've solved that problem by herself.
He needed to be told to do that by himself.
She needed to be told to do that by herself.
He likes to do almost everything by himself.
She likes to do almost everything by herself.
He ate a whole box of chocolates by himself.
She ate a whole box of chocolates by herself.
He didn't want to call attention to himself.
She didn't want to call attention to herself.
He poured another glass of wine for himself.
She poured another glass of wine for herself.
He was able to solve the problem by himself.
She was able to solve the problem by herself.
He always wants to do everything by himself.
She always wants to do everything by herself.
He shouldn't have gone to Boston by himself.
She shouldn't have gone to Boston by herself.
He could be planning to go there by himself.
She could be planning to go there by herself.
He ate the entire bag of popcorn by himself.
She ate the entire bag of popcorn by herself.
He drank the last bottle of wine by himself.
She drank the last bottle of wine by herself.
He tried to figure out the answer by himself.
She tried to figure out the answer by herself.
He grew a beard and tried to disguise himself.
He built this doghouse all by himself.
She built this doghouse all by herself.
He certainly appeared to be enjoying himself.
She certainly appeared to be enjoying herself.
He drank the whole bottle of milk by himself.
She drank the whole bottle of milk by herself.
He drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.
She drank the whole bottle of wine by herself.
He isn't going to have to do that by himself.
She isn't going to have to do that by herself.
He probably won't want to do that by himself.
She probably won't want to do that by herself.
He won't be able to lift that box by himself.
She won't be able to lift that box by herself.
He couldn't find the words to express himself.
He had no intention of going there by himself.
She had no intention of going there by herself.
He managed to carry both suitcases by himself.
She managed to carry both suitcases by herself.
He needs to be told not to do that by himself.
She needs to be told not to do that by herself.
He needs to learn how to stand up for himself.
She needs to learn how to stand up for herself.
He needs to take a long, hard look at himself.
She needs to take a long, hard look at herself.
He wasn't interested in talking about himself.
She wasn't interested in talking about herself.
He should be able to change the tire by himself.
She should be able to change the tire by herself.
He said the box was too heavy to lift by himself.
She said the box was too heavy to lift by herself.
He shouldn't have gone out after dark by himself.
She shouldn't have gone out after dark by herself.
He stood in front the mirror, looking at himself.
She stood in front the mirror, looking at herself.
He didn't have the courage to go there by himself.
She didn't have the courage to go there by herself.
He doesn't necessarily have to go there by himself.
She doesn't necessarily have to go there by herself.
He shouldn't be allowed to go to Boston by himself.
She shouldn't be allowed to go to Boston by herself.
He shouldn't have ever tried doing that by himself.
She shouldn't have ever tried doing that by herself.
He shouldn't have ever tried to do that by himself.
She shouldn't have ever tried to do that by herself.
He wasn't strong enough to lift the box by himself.
She wasn't strong enough to lift the box by herself.
He won't likely be able to do everything by himself.
She won't likely be able to do everything by herself.
He bought an expensive Christmas present for himself.
She bought an expensive Christmas present for herself.
He needs to be told not to try to do that by himself.
She needs to be told not to try to do that by herself.
He needed to be told not to try to do that by himself.
She needed to be told not to try to do that by herself.
He said that the box was too heavy to lift by himself.
She said that the box was too heavy to lift by herself.
He unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around himself.
She unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around herself.
He crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself.
She crawled into bed and pulled the covers over herself.
He doesn't have the ability to finish the job by himself.
She doesn't have the ability to finish the job by herself.
He certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by himself.
She certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by herself.
He took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
She took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around herself.
He probably won't be able to cope with the problem by himself.
She probably won't be able to cope with the problem by herself.
He drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of himself.
She drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of herself.
Shes's locked herself in her room.
He fanned himself with his notebook.
She fanned herself with her notebook.
He can feed himself, can't he?
She can feed herself, can't he?
He promised himself he'd do that.
She promised herself he'd do that.
He cut himself while he was shaving.
She cut herself while he was shaving.
He said he himself was an alcoholic.
She said he herself was an alcoholic.
He won't do that by himself, will he?
She won't do that by herself, will he?
He said he enjoyed himself in Boston.
She said he enjoyed herself in Boston.
He says he's going to turn himself in.
She says he's going to turn herself in.
He promised himself that he'd do that.
She promised herself that he'd do that.
He's let himself go.
She's let herself go.
He's locked himself in his bedroom.
She's locked herself in his bedroom.
He let himself go.
He gave himself up.
She gave herself up.
He himself did that.
She herself did that.
He bought himself one.
She bought herself one.
He himself was silent.
She herself was silent.
He stretched himself out.
She stretched herself out.
He taught himself to ski.
She taught herself to ski.
He boiled himself an egg.
She boiled herself an egg.
He proved himself tonight.
She proved herself tonight.
He bought himself a watch.
She bought herself a watch.
He made himself breakfast.
She made herself breakfast.
He prepared himself to die.
She prepared herself to die.
He bought himself one, too.
She bought herself one, too.
He considers himself smart.
She considers herself smart.
He poured himself some tea.
She poured herself some tea.
He killed himself in Boston.
She killed herself in Boston.
He himself asked us to come.
She herself asked us to come.
He calls himself a hobbyist.
She calls herself a hobbyist.
He killed himself last year.
She killed herself last year.
He weighs himself every day.
She weighs herself every day.
He hanged himself yesterday.
She hanged herself yesterday.
He should get himself a dog.
She should get herself a dog.
He killed himself in October.
She killed herself in October.
He bought himself a nice car.
She bought herself a nice car.
He found himself in a pickle.
She found herself in a pickle.
He himself told me this story.
She herself told me this story.
He himself might've done that.
She herself might've done that.
He himself may have done that.
She herself may have done that.
He lives by himself in Boston.
She lives by herself in Boston.
He fixed himself a cup of tea.
She fixed herself a cup of tea.
He bought himself a sports car.
She bought herself a sports car.
He killed himself last October.
She killed herself last October.
He killed himself in Australia.
She killed herself in Australia.
He bought one for himself, too.
She bought one for herself, too.
He bought himself a blue T-shirt.
She bought herself a blue T-shirt.
He barricaded himself in his room.
She barricaded herself in his room.
He bought himself a pair of boots.
She bought herself a pair of boots.
He bought himself some new clothes.
She bought herself some new clothes.
He cut himself chopping the onions.
She cut herself chopping the onions.
He couldn't bring himself to watch.
She couldn't bring herself to watch.
He couldn't make himself understood.
She couldn't make herself understood.
He splashed himself with cold water.
She splashed herself with cold water.
He cut himself on some broken glass.
She cut herself on some broken glass.
He won't allow himself to be caught.
She won't allow herself to be caught.
He barricaded himself inside his room.
She barricaded herself inside his room.
He poured himself a shot of bourbon.
She poured herself a shot of bourbon.
He landed himself a really nice job.
She landed herself a really nice job.
He blamed himself for what happened.
She blamed herself for what happened.
He poured himself a glass of whisky.
She poured herself a glass of whisky.
He cut himself while slicing onions.
She cut herself while slicing onions.
He taught himself to play the piano.
She taught herself to play the piano.
He cut himself chopping the carrots.
She cut herself chopping the carrots.
He bought himself a red convertible.
She bought herself a red convertible.
He injured himself mountain climbing.
She injured herself mountain climbing.
He poured himself something to drink.
She poured herself something to drink.
He tried to make himself comfortable.
She tried to make herself comfortable.
He wrapped himself in a warm blanket.
She wrapped herself in a warm blanket.
He helped himself to a cup of coffee.
She helped herself to a cup of coffee.
He excused himself and left the room.
She excused herself and left the room.
He bought himself an expensive watch.
She bought herself an expensive watch.
He barricaded himself in his bedroom.
She barricaded herself in his bedroom.
He bought himself a new bathing suit.
She bought herself a new bathing suit.
He poured himself another cup of tea.
She poured herself another cup of tea.
He can't picture himself as a teacher.
She can't picture herself as a teacher.
He needs to get himself a good lawyer.
She needs to get herself a good lawyer.
He found himself a seat near the door.
She found herself a seat near the door.
He enjoyed himself a lot at the party.
He considers himself relatively lucky.
She considers herself relatively lucky.
He excused himself and left the table.
She excused herself and left the table.
He helped himself to a slice of pizza.
She helped herself to a slice of pizza.
He cries himself to sleep every night.
She cries herself to sleep every night.
He hurt himself when he tried to do that.
She hurt herself when he tried to do that.
He said that he himself was an alcoholic.
She said that she herself was an alcoholic.
He couldn't keep himself from laughing.
She couldn't keep herself from laughing.
He couldn't contain himself any longer.
She couldn't contain herself any longer.
He warmed himself in front of the fire.
She warmed herself in front of the fire.
He bought himself a pair of snow boots.
She bought herself a pair of snow boots.
He tried to enjoy himself at the party.
She tried to enjoy herself at the party.
He cut himself chopping the vegetables.
She cut herself chopping the vegetables.
He shot himself in the leg accidentally.
She shot herself in the leg accidentally.
He armed himself with a gun and a knife.
She armed herself with a gun and a knife.
He poured himself another cup of coffee.
She poured herself another cup of coffee.
He poured himself another glass of wine.
She poured herself another glass of wine.
He's really outdone himself this time.
She's really outdone herself this time.
He's lived by himself for three years.
She's lived by herself for three years.
He's already introduced himself to me.
She's already introduced herself to me.
He hasn't been himself the last few days.
She hasn't been herself the last few days.
He's tried to kill himself three times.
She's tried to kill herself three times.
He's gotten himself into trouble before.
She's gotten herself into trouble before.
He has very few photos of himself as a baby.
She has very few photos of herself as a baby.
He has trouble making himself understood in French.
She has trouble making herself understood in French.
He let himself in through the back door.
She let herself in through the back door.
He obviously likes hearing himself talk.
He poured himself another glass of milk.
She poured herself another glass of milk.
He can make himself understood in French.
She can make herself understood in French.
He poured himself a second cup of coffee.
She poured herself a second cup of coffee.
He doesn't have to explain himself to me.
She doesn't have to explain herself to me.
He made himself a peanut butter sandwich.
She made herself a peanut butter sandwich.
He had to support himself on the railing.
She had to support herself on the railing.
He stood by himself next to the lamppost.
She stood by herself next to the lamppost.
He made himself comfortable on the couch.
She made herself comfortable on the couch.
He accidentally shot himself in the foot.
She accidentally shot herself in the foot.
He nearly killed himself a few hours ago.
She nearly killed herself a few hours ago.
He disguised himself as a security guard.
She disguised herself as a security guard.
He doesn't seem to be himself these days.
She doesn't seem to be herself these days.
He tried to drown himself in the bathtub.
She tried to drown herself in the bathtub.
He says he taught himself how to do that.
She says he taught herself how to do that.
He couldn't stop himself from doing that.
She couldn't stop herself from doing that.
He almost hurt himself trying to do that.
She almost hurt herself trying to do that.
He excused himself to go to the bathroom.
She excused herself to go to the bathroom.
He bought himself a pair of rubber boots.
She bought herself a pair of rubber boots.
He cut himself while chopping vegetables.
She cut herself while chopping vegetables.
He found himself the center of attention.
She found herself the center of attention.
He was sitting by himself, drinking wine.
She was sitting by herself, drinking wine.
He doesn't seem to like himself very much.
She doesn't seem to like herself very much.
He poured himself another shot of bourbon.
She poured herself another shot of bourbon.
He wasn't able to make himself understood.
She wasn't able to make herself understood.
He could've done that by himself, I think.
She could've done that by herself, I think.
He poured himself a glass of orange juice.
She poured herself a glass of orange juice.
He found himself in a difficult situation.
She found herself in a difficult situation.
He didn't know how to express himself well.
She didn't know how to express herself well.
He can't make himself understood in French.
She can't make herself understood in French.
He made himself as comfortable as possible.
She made herself as comfortable as possible.
He wanted to turn himself in to the police.
She wanted to turn herself in to the police.
He was eating by himself at a corner table.
She was eating by herself at a corner table.
He couldn't imagine himself shooting anyone.
She couldn't imagine herself shooting anyone.
He was unable to control himself any longer.
She was unable to control herself any longer.
He had only himself to blame for the failure.
She had only herself to blame for the failure.
He bought himself a new guitar for Christmas.
She bought herself a new guitar for Christmas.
He enjoyed himself at the dance last weekend.
She enjoyed herself at the dance last weekend.
He ran to the bathroom and locked himself in.
She ran to the bathroom and locked herself in.
He was sitting all by himself at the counter.
She was sitting all by herself at the counter.
He surrounds himself with like-minded people.
She surrounds herself with like-minded people.
He couldn't make himself understood in French.
She couldn't make herself understood in French.
He couldn't bring himself to pull the trigger.
She couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger.
He introduced himself to everyone in the room.
She introduced herself to everyone in the room.
He got out of the water and dried himself off.
She got out of the water and dried herself off.
He continued to stare at himself in the mirror.
She continued to stare at herself in the mirror.
He helped himself to another dish of ice cream.
She helped herself to another dish of ice cream.
He introduced himself to the rest of the class.
She introduced herself to the rest of the class.
He made a fool of himself in front of everyone.
She made a fool of herself in front of everyone.
He looked at himself in the full-length mirror.
She looked at herself in the full-length mirror.
He treated himself to a large dish of ice cream.
She treated herself to a large dish of ice cream.
He got out of the bathtub and dried himself off.
She got out of the bathtub and dried herself off.
He helped himself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
She helped herself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
He doesn't have many photos of himself as a baby.
She doesn't have many photos of herself as a baby.
He couldn't make himself heard in the noisy club.
She couldn't make herself heard in the noisy club.
He himself sewed on the button that had come off.
She herself sewed on the button that had come off.
He dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
She dressed herself quickly, then ran out the door.
He worked part-time to put himself through school.
She worked part-time to put herself through school.
He seemed to enjoy himself yesterday at the party.
She seemed to enjoy herself yesterday at the party.
He considers himself to be a citizen of the world.
She considers herself to be a citizen of the world.
He could hardly make himself understood in French.
She could hardly make herself understood in French.
He told himself that there was no reason to panic.
She told herself that there was no reason to panic.
He seemed to enjoy himself at the party last night.
She seemed to enjoy herself at the party last night.
He made himself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
She made herself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
He made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
She made herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
He accidentally cut himself while peeling an apple.
She accidentally cut herself while peeling an apple.
He doesn't have many pictures of himself as a baby.
She doesn't have many pictures of herself as a baby.
He drank a few cups of coffee to keep himself awake.
She drank a few cups of coffee to keep herself awake.
He wasn't able to make himself understood in French.
She wasn't able to make herself understood in French.
He poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
She poured cold water over herself to wake herself up.
He locked himself in the bathroom and started to cry.
She locked herself in the bathroom and started to cry.
He drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
She drank three bottles of wine by herself last night.
He's running the risk of getting himself in trouble.
She's running the risk of getting herself in trouble.
He picked up the coffee pot and poured himself a cup.
She picked up the coffee pot and poured herself a cup.
He couldn't bring himself to jump into the cold water.
She couldn't bring herself to jump into the cold water.
He walked into the kitchen to get himself some coffee.
She walked into the kitchen to get herself some coffee.
He introduced himself to the people behind the counter.
She introduced herself to the people behind the counter.
He had a hard time making himself understood in French.
She had a hard time making herself understood in French.
He knew it was foolish to go out by himself after dark.
She knew it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
He was sitting by himself on the porch, reading a book.
She was sitting by herself on the porch, reading a book.
She had enough sense to not go out by herself after dark.
He poured himself another glass of wine from the bottle.
She poured herself another glass of wine from the bottle.
He uncorked a bottle of wine and poured himself a glass.
He took the bottle from her and poured himself a drink.
She took the bottle from him and poured herself a drink.
He had enough sense to not go out by himself after dark.
She uncorked a bottle of wine and poured herself a glass.
He helped himself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
She helped herself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
He knows better than to walk home by himself after dark.
She knows better than to walk home by herself after dark.
He got out of the shower and dried himself with a towel.
She got out of the shower and dried herself with a towel.
He was fed up with having to repeat himself all the time.
She was fed up with having to repeat herself all the time.
He was sitting by himself on the porch and reading a book.
She was sitting by herself on the porch and reading a book.
He locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
She locked herself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in French.
She found it difficult to make herself understood in French.
He went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
She went into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee.
He couldn't make himself heard above the noise of the crowd.
She couldn't make herself heard above the noise of the crowd.
He knew that it was foolish to go out by himself after dark.
She knew that it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
He built the house himself along with the help of a few friends.
She built the house herself along with the help of a few friends.
He doesn't have any trouble making himself understood in French.
She doesn't have any trouble making herself understood in French.
He found himself in desperate financial trouble a few years ago.
She found herself in desperate financial trouble a few years ago.
He was sitting by himself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
She was sitting by herself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
He got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured himself a bowlful.
She got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured herself a bowlful.
He just couldn't stop himself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
She just couldn't stop herself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
He often talks to himself when he's alone.
She often talks to herself when she's alone.
He could hurt himself if he's not careful.
She could hurt herself if she's not careful.
He talked to himself as he did the dishes.
She talked to herself as she did the dishes.
He says that he's going to turn himself in.
She says that she's going to turn herself in.
He isn't as sure of himself as he used to be.
She isn't as sure of herself as she used to be.
He promised himself he'd never do that again.
She promised herself she'd never do that again.
He talked to himself as he washed the dishes.
She talked to herself as she washed the dishes.
He wanted to prove to himself he could do it.
She wanted to prove to herself she could do it.
He doesn't know what he's gotten himself into.
She doesn't know what she's gotten herself into.
He talked to himself as he watered the plants.
She talked to herself as she watered the plants.
He would've done that by himself if he could've.
She would've done that by herself if she could've.
He loves himself more than he loves anyone else.
She loves herself more than she loves anyone else.
He loves himself more than he loves anybody else.
She loves herself more than she loves anybody else.
He wanted to prove to himself that he could do it.
She wanted to prove to herself that she could do it.
He injured himself when he jumped out of the window.
She injured herself when she jumped out of the window.
He told himself that he'd made the right decision.
She told herself that she'd made the right decision.
He says he's going to turn himself in to the police.
She says she's going to turn herself in to the police.
He gorges himself whenever he eats at that restaurant.
She gorges herself whenever she eats at that restaurant.
He tried to do that by himself, but he wasn't able to.
She tried to do that by herself, but she wasn't able to.
He said he would've done that by himself if he could've.
She said she would've done that by herself if she could've.
He says that he's going to turn himself in to the police.
She says that she's going to turn herself in to the police.
He showed up at the party by himself, just like I knew he would.
She showed up at the party by herself, just like I knew she would.
He tried to lift the box by himself, but he wasn't strong enough.
She tried to lift the box by herself, but she wasn't strong enough.
He finally admitted he needed help and checked himself into detox.
She finally admitted she needed help and checked herself into detox.
He can't afford this place by himself. That's why he has a roommate.
She can't afford this place by herself. That's why she has a roommate.
He promised himself he'd study French for thirty minutes every day.
She promised herself she'd study French for thirty minutes every day.
He made a promise to himself that he'd never make the same mistake again.
She made a promise to herself that she'd never make the same mistake again.
He used the money he stole from her to buy himself a new bicycle.
She used the money she stole from him to buy herself a new bicycle.
Tom has locked himself in his room and won't come out.
He took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
She took a picture of herself and sent it to her boyfriend.
He's locked himself out of his house.
She's locked herself out of her house.
He's locked himself out of his office.
She's locked herself out of her office.
He cursed himself for his carelessness.
She cursed herself for her carelessness.
He ate lunch by himself in his cubicle.
She ate lunch by herself in her cubicle.
He put himself and his children at risk.
She put herself and her children at risk.
He cut himself with his knife yesterday.
She cut herself with her knife yesterday.
He locked himself in his room and cried.
She locked herself in her room and cried.
He decided on his own to turn himself in.
She decided on her own to turn herself in.
He tried to drown himself in his bathtub.
She tried to drown herself in her bathtub.
He sacrificed himself to save his family.
She sacrificed herself to save her family.
He tried his best to pull himself together.
She tried her best to pull herself together.
He killed himself on his thirtieth birthday.
She killed herself on her thirtieth birthday.
He accidentally cut himself with his new knife.
She accidentally cut herself with her new knife.
He shot himself with his father's gun and died.
She shot herself with her father's gun and died.
He accidentally locked himself out of his house.
She accidentally locked herself out of her house.
He accidentally locked himself out of his office.
She accidentally locked herself out of her office.
He locked himself in his room and refused to come out.
She locked herself in her room and refused to come out.
He locked himself in his room and wouldn't let anyone in.
She locked herself in her room and wouldn't let anyone in.
He locked himself in his bedroom and turned off the light.
She locked herself in her bedroom and turned off the light.
He tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
She tried her best to move the table by herself, but he couldn't.
He got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put his clothes on.
She got out of the bath, dried herself off, and put her clothes on.
He got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put on his clothes.
She got out of the bath, dried herself off, and put on her clothes.
He came to his senses and decided to turn himself in to the police.
She came to her senses and decided to turn herself in to the police.
He says he isn't enjoying himself.
She says she isn't enjoying herself.
He looks like he's enjoying himself.
She looks like she's enjoying herself.
He says he wants to live by himself.
She says she wants to live by herself.
He said he'd rather do that himself.
She said she'd rather do that herself.
He said he didn't do that by himself.
She said she didn't do that by herself.
He said he wanted to do it by himself.
She said she wanted to do it by herself.
He claims he can take care of himself.
She claims she can take care of herself.
He knows he should do that by himself.
She knows she should do that by herself.
He looked like he was enjoying himself.
She looked like she was enjoying herself.
He says he wants to do that by himself.
She says she wants to do that by herself.
He said he'd rather do that by himself.
She said she'd rather do that by herself.
He said he'll be doing that by himself.
She said she'll be doing that by herself.
He said he was ready to defend himself.
She said she was ready to defend herself.
He said that he wanted to kill himself.
She said that she wanted to kill herself.
He said that he walked home by himself.
She said that she walked home by herself.
He told me he was going to kill himself.
She told me she was going to kill herself.
He thought he should do that by himself.
She thought she should do that by herself.
He said he tried doing that once himself.
She said she tried doing that once herself.
He said that he'd rather do that himself.
She said that she'd rather do that herself.
He looked like he wasn't enjoying himself.
She looked like she wasn't enjoying herself.
He said he'd do his homework by himself.
He said that he did his homework by himself.
He told me he needed some time to himself.
She told me she needed some time to herself.
He told me he couldn't do that by himself.
She told me she couldn't do that by herself.
He said he should've done that by himself.
She said she should've done that by herself.
He said he'd finish doing that by himself.
She said she'd finish doing that by herself.
He doesn't look like he's enjoying himself.
She doesn't look like she's enjoying herself.
He told me he wanted to do that by himself.
She told me she wanted to do that by herself.
He said he'd rather not do that by himself.
She said she'd rather not do that by herself.
He doesn't think he can do that by himself.
She doesn't think she can do that by herself.
He decided that he wanted to eat by himself.
She decided that she wanted to eat by herself.
He said he wants to do everything by himself.
She said she wants to do everything by herself.
He doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
She doesn't believe she can do that by herself.
He told me that he was going to kill himself.
She told me that she was going to kill herself.
He only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
She only eats vegetables that she grows herself.
He says he doesn't want to do that by himself.
She says she doesn't want to do that by herself.
He said he can't eat that much food by himself.
She said she can't eat that much food by herself.
He told me that he wouldn't do that by himself.
She told me that she wouldn't do that by herself.
He told me that he needed some time to himself.
She told me that she needed some time to herself.
He told me that he couldn't do that by himself.
She told me that she couldn't do that by herself.
He told me that he wanted to do that by himself.
She told me that she wanted to do that by herself.
He doesn't think that he can do that by himself.
She doesn't think that she can do that by herself.
He can't dress himself and he can't feed himself.
She can't dress herself and she can't feed herself.
He doesn't believe that he can do that by himself.
She doesn't believe that she can do that by herself.
He doesn't have any problem he can't handle himself.
She doesn't have any problem she can't handle herself.
He didn't want to look, but he couldn't help himself.
She didn't want to look, but she couldn't help herself.
He thought he probably shouldn't go there by himself.
She thought she probably shouldn't go there by herself.
He was about to say something, but he stopped himself.
She was about to say something, but she stopped herself.
He told me that he walked through the woods by himself.
She told me that she walked through the woods by herself.
He realized there was no way he could do that by himself.
She realized there was no way she could do that by herself.
He doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
She doesn't think she'll be able to finish the job by herself.
He brought home a basket full of plums that he had picked himself.
She brought home a basket full of plums that she had picked herself.
He doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
She doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that she grows herself.
He said that he was planning to eat the whole watermelon by himself.
She said that she was planning to eat the whole watermelon by herself.
He tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Boston by himself.
He wanted to impress his friends, but he just made a fool of himself.
She wanted to impress her friends, but she just made a fool of herself.
He told her he could do that by himself.
She told him she could do that by herself.
He told her that he could do that by himself.
She told him that she could do that by herself.
He wanted to hit her, but he controlled himself.
She wanted to hit him, but she controlled herself.
He talked to her about things he usually kept to himself.
She talked to him about things she usually kept to herself.
He needs to talk to her himself.
She needs to talk to him herself.
He blamed her instead of himself.
She blamed him instead of herself.
He sent her a picture of himself.
She sent him a picture of herself.
He wanted to keep her all to himself.
She wanted to keep him all to herself.
He killed her and then killed himself.
She killed him and then killed herself.
He helped her on the bus, and then got on himself.
She helped him on the bus, and then got on herself.
He didn't want to tell her anything about himself.
She didn't want to tell him anything about herself.
He was too busy worrying about her to worry about himself.
She was too busy worrying about him to worry about herself.
He couldn't find anybody to go with him, and so he went by herself.
She couldn't find anybody to go with her, and so she went by herself.
He was waiting for someone to do that for him, but no one did, so he did it himself.
She was waiting for someone to do that for her, but no one did, so she did it herself.
He was waiting for somebody to do that for him, but nobody did, so he did it himself.
She was waiting for somebody to do that for her, but nobody did, so she did it herself.
He'll hurt himself if he isn't careful.
She'll hurt herself if she isn't careful.
He'll hurt himself if he's not careful.
She'll hurt herself if she's not careful.
He'll get himself killed if he isn't careful.
She'll get herself killed if she isn't careful.
He'll get himself killed if he isn't more careful.
She'll get herself killed if she isn't more careful.
He'll get himself killed if he's not more careful.
She'll get herself killed if she's not more careful.
He'll hurt himself if he isn't a little more careful.
She'll hurt herself if she isn't a little more careful.
He has to do it by himself. Nobody is allowed to help him.
She has to do it by herself. Nobody is allowed to help her.
He can't do the job by himself. Would you mind helping him?
She can't do the job by herself. Would you mind helping her?
He won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
She won't be able to do it by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
He says she lied to him.
She says he lied to her.
He was hoping she could help him.
She was hoping he could help her.
He says he talked to her.
She says she talked to him.
He said he'll talk to her.
She said she'll talk to him.
He admitted he despises her.
She admitted she despises him.
He's hoping he can help her.
She's hoping she can help him.
He says he's never met her.
She says she's never met him.
He's happy when he's with her.
She's happy when she's with him.
He was thirteen when he met her.
She was thirteen when she met him.
He was on vacation when he met her.
She was on vacation when she met him.
He's only happy when he's with her.
She's only happy when she's with him.
He's doing everything he can for her.
She's doing everything she can for him.
He was thirteen when he first met her.
She was thirteen when she first met him.
He was thirteen years old when he met her.
She was thirteen years old when she met him.
He claimed that he could run faster than her.
She claimed that she could run faster than him.
He was lying when he said he didn't know her.
She was lying when she said she didn't know him.
He was about thirty years old when he met her.
She was about thirty years old when she met him.
He thinks that he speaks French better than her.
She thinks that she speaks French better than him.
He was arrested three years after he murdered her.
She was arrested three years after she murdered him.
He's thinking of moving so he'll be closer to her.
She's thinking of moving so she'll be closer to him.
He told me that he's better at doing that than her.
She told me that she's better at doing that than him.
He was in a hurry to catch the bus, so he didn't stop to talk with her.
She was in a hurry to catch the bus, so she didn't stop to talk with him.
He offered his arm to her.
He gave his heart to her.
She gave her heart to him.
He's on his way to see her.
She's on her way to see him.
He's in his car waiting for her.
She's in her car waiting for him.
He's doing his best to comfort her.
She's doing her best to comfort him.
He moved his chair a little closer to her.
She moved her chair a little closer to him.
He's still sitting in his car, waiting for her.
She's still sitting in her car, waiting for him.
He took something from his pocket and gave it to her.
She took something from her pocket and gave it to him.
He took some money out of his wallet and gave it to her.
He brought his hammer with him.
He brought his toolbox with him.
He brought his girlfriend with him.
She brought his boyfriend with her.
He brought his son fishing with him.
He has his kids with him.
She has her kids with her.
He has his umbrella with him.
She has her umbrella with her.
He has his children with him.
She has her children with her.
He brought his kids with him.
She brought her kids with her.
He brought his guitar with him.
She brought her guitar with her.
He didn't have his phone on him.
She didn't have her phone on her.
He brought his brother with him.
She brought her brother with her.
He brought his umbrella with him.
She brought her umbrella with her.
He took his favorite toy with him.
She took her favorite toy with her.
He put his hands up in front of him.
She put her hands up in front of her.
He seems to have his wits about him.
She seems to have her wits about her.
He didn't take his umbrella with him.
She didn't take her umbrella with her.
He always has his harmonica with him.
She always has her harmonica with her.
He had three of his friends with him.
She had three of her friends with her.
He always carries his camera with him.
She always carries her camera with her.
He asked me to do his homework for him.
She asked me to do her homework for her.
He forgot to take his umbrella with him.
She forgot to take her umbrella with her.
He took his children to Boston with him.
She took her children to Boston with her.
He ran as fast as his legs would take him.
She ran as fast as her legs would take her.
He keeps every letter his mother sends him.
She keeps every letter her mother sends her.
He sold the guitar that his father gave him.
She sold the guitar that her father gave her.
He put his briefcase on the seat next to him.
He has his dog with him.
She has her dog with her.
He took his dog with him.
She took her dog with her.
He brought his dog with him.
She brought her dog with her.
He took his dog to Boston with him.
She took her dog to Boston with her.
He brought his dog camping with him.
She brought her dog camping with her.
He almost always has his dog with him.
She almost always has her dog with her.
He looked at his dog and his dog looked at him.
She looked at her dog and her dog looked at her.
He did his best to persuade her to go to the dance with him.
He asked her to tie his shoes for him.
She asked him to tie her shoes for her.
He asked her to carry his bag for him.
She asked him to carry her bag for her.
He asked her to do his homework for him.
She asked him to do her homework for her.
He tried his best to get her to help him.
She tried her best to get him to help her.
He tricked her into doing his work for him.
She tricked him into doing her work for her.
He tried to get her to do his homework for him.
She tried to get him to do her homework for her.
He signed his name with the pen she'd given him.
She signed her name with the pen he'd given her.
He checked his phone to see if she'd texted him.
She checked her phone to see if he'd texted her.
He could do his job faster if she'd let him help her.
She could do her job faster if he'd let him help him.
He opened his mouth to say something, but she interrupted him.
She opened her mouth to say something, but he interrupted her.
He began to sing his favorite song and she harmonized with him.
She began to sing her favorite song and he harmonized with her.
He dug a hole in his backyard with the shovel she'd given him.
She dug a hole in her backyard with the shovel he'd given her.
He looked over his shoulder to see if she was still following him.
She looked over her shoulder to see if he was still following her.
He wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if she hadn't helped him.
She wouldn't have been able to get her homework done if he hadn't helped her.
He sat down near the window, put on his glasses and began to read the book that she'd given him.
She sat down near the window, put on her glasses and began to read the book that he'd given her.
He's her ex.
She's his ex.
He's her age.
She's his age.
He's her boss.
She's his boss.
He's her hero.
She's his hero.
He's her type.
She's his type.
He's her uncle.
She's his aunt.
He cut her hair.
She cut his hair.
He's her agent.
She's his agent.
He shot her dog.
She shot his dog.
He took her arm.
She took his arm.
She's his friend.
He's her cousin.
She's his cousin.
He held her hand.
She held his hand.
He's her mentor.
She's his mentor.
He broke her jaw.
She broke his jaw.
He stole her car.
She stole his car.
He likes her car.
She likes his car.
He liked her car.
She liked his car.
He fixed her car.
She fixed his car.
He likes her dog.
She likes his dog.
He left her room.
She left his room.
He cuts her hair.
She cuts his hair.
He read her note.
She read his note.
He took her side.
She took his side.
He took her book.
He hates her dog.
She hates his dog.
He needs her help.
She needs his help.
He's her teacher.
She's his teacher.
She saved his life.
He got in her way.
She got in his way.
He took her place.
She took his place.
She took his money.
He shook her hand.
She shook his hand.
He was her friend.
She was his friend.
He was her mentor.
She was his mentor.
He isn't her type.
She isn't his type.
He's on her side.
She's on his side.
He used her phone.
She used his phone.
He read her diary.
She read his diary.
He left her house.
She left his house.
He killed her dog.
She killed his dog.
He isn't her boss.
She isn't his boss.
He's her partner.
She's his partner.
He's at her home.
She's at his home.
He washed her car.
She washed his car.
He's in her room.
She's in his room.
He's her trainer.
She's his trainer.
He's her manager.
She's his manager.
She has his number.
He's her neighbor.
She's his neighbor.
He's half her age.
She's half his age.
She grabbed his arm.
He shared her pain.
She shared his pain.
She kissed his hand.
He's her gardener.
She's his gardener.
He broke her heart.
She broke his heart.
He yanked her hair.
She yanked his hair.
He needed her help.
She needed his help.
He loved her ideas.
She loved his ideas.
She heard his voice.
He found her diary.
She found his diary.
She pulled his hair.
He has hair similar to hers.
She has hair similar to his.
He parked his car next to hers.
She parked her car next to his.
He's a friend of hers.
She's a friend of his.
He was a friend of hers.
She was a friend of his.
She put her hand over his.
He isn't a friend of hers.
She isn't a friend of his.
He's a good friend of hers.
She's a good friend of his.
He's also a friend of hers.
She's also a friend of his.
He's a close friend of hers.
She's a close friend of his.
He was a close friend of hers.
She was a close friend of his.
He's a former student of hers.
She's a former student of his.
He's a distant relative of hers.
She's a distant relative of his.
He held her hands in his.
She held his hands in hers.
He's an old boyfriend of hers.
She's an old girlfriend of his.
He compared his answers with hers.
She compared her answers with his.
He pressed his cheek against hers.
He put his suitcase down next to hers.
She put her suitcase down next to his.
He dyed his hair the same color as hers.
She dyed her hair the same color as his.
He doesn't have a car. He just uses hers.
She doesn't have a car. She just uses his.
He saw her name on the list and added his.
She saw his name on the list and added hers.
Not she but he.
The summer passed rapidly.
I'm just concentrating on playing golf.
I wouldn't support changing the system.
I wanted to find out what was going on.
I wanted to find out what had happened.
Tom packed up his belongings and went to Boston.
I understand you have dual citizenship.
I understand that you have dual citizenship.
I understand where they're coming from.
Tom has several acres of land not far from here.
Tom has a degree from a local community college.
Tom came to Boston as quickly as he could.
Tom smokes up to twenty cigarettes a day, whereas Mary doesn't smoke at all.
Tom's grandfather served in Wehrmacht.
Tom almost died from hypothermia.
Why you didn't write to me, immediately.
I wasn't at all surprised by what happened.
Are you against the plan?
Is my bashfulness a problem for you?
This is my booze.
Tom evicted Mary from the house.
I told Tom that he should eat something.
Learn a few sentences, which help you in certain situations, by heart.
Schnitzel, chips and beer please.
Be patient and keep your ears stiff. Some things just take time.
This pizza is really bad.
My doctor says I must swim at least once a day every day without fail, no exceptions, no excuses.
They attended it.
Snow falls on the mountains.
All languages have dialects.
All languages are dialects.
Snow is falling on the mountains.
I hope you keep practicing Vietnamese.
How long does it take from your house to the office by motorbike?
Almost all languages have dialects.
Choose the correct answer that fills the empty space.
Today, I had an argument with Tom again.
Tom stopped learning Spanish and started to learn Hungarian.
Tom would like to know all the languages in the world.
Tom enrolled in a language course. He wants to learn German.
Tom has a talent for foreign languages.
Tom said that the most difficult language for him had been Finnish.
Tom has founded a language school.
Keep recording, no matter what happens.
You don't have to come anymore.
What are we going to do if that happens?
You're leaving? But you just got here.
I tried to do everything I could to stop Mary.
Mary's not the type of person to call it quits.
Tom's going to be deported back to Brazil soon.
Tom and Mary have two bilingual children. They are fluent in English and French.
I heard Mary's going through a hard time.
Mary's not fully conscious yet.
I want to invite them to participate.
I wasn't supposed to say that.
Mary and I have known each other for a long time.
Mary's still not allowed to have visitors.
Someone should write a book on the subject.
Tom wasn't the only victim of that accident.
Tom and Mary are raising a bilingual child.
We do eat fruit from the trees in paradise.
We should not touch that tree, for fear that it may kill us.
Tom turns ninety the day after tomorrow.
Tom will be turning ninety the day after tomorrow.
Don't let anyone know I'm here.
Nancy resembles my sister.
Do you like this country?
It, it's not like I'm doing this for you.
What really surprised me most was how many hours a day he slept.
What really surprised me most about her was how tall she was.
What makes you think he isn't a native speaker?
What made you think that he wouldn't come?
What kind of woman could love a guy like him?
What kind of person is he?
What kind of computer does he use?
What kind of car does she drive?
What I don't understand is why he didn't stick around and help us.
What does his new car look like?
What does he want to do tomorrow?
What does he think of your book?
What does he really think?
What does he really think of the way we've been handling this problem?
What does he intend to do about it?
What does she have to do with this?
What does he have to do with this matter?
What does he have in his hand?
What does he get in return for all the work he's done?
What does he eat when he's watching TV?
What does he eat for lunch?
What does he eat for a mid-afternoon snack?
What does he do in his free time?
What does she do in her free time?
What does she do for a living?
What does he consider to be the most important point?
What does that have to do with him?
What does that have to do with her?
What does it matter what happens to him?
What does it matter what happens to her?
What do you know about his girlfriend?
What did he say to them?
What did she say to them?
What am I supposed to do if he comes?
We won't start the meeting until he comes.
We won't start the meeting until she comes.
We were disappointed to hear that he couldn't get a visa.
We now have all the evidence we need to convict him.
We made him the captain of the team.
We made her the captain of the team.
We heard that he had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
We haven't seen much of him since his divorce.
We had him paint the fence light gray.
We believe that he committed the murder.
Was she at home yesterday?
Was he at home yesterday?
Was that you I saw with him near the river?
Was that you I saw with her near the river?
Unfortunately, he refused to help us.
His younger daughter is married.
His work is selling second-hand cars.
His wife would probably leave him if she knew the truth.
His way of talking gets on my nerves.
His troublemaking days are over.
His third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Her taste in music is similar to mine.
His speech was quite interesting.
His son was killed in a traffic accident last summer.
He's so old.
She's so old.
I felt a burden lifting from me.
Is that my responsibility?
Is this my responsibility?
Is it my responsibility?
Do you really need another dog?
I don't think that I'd like doing that with you.
I was with you.
I won't get any help from you, will I?
I don't think that I'd want to do that with you.
Tom took a walk.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that with you.
I can come with you.
If I'd had time, I would've done that.
I rely on you.
I'm not sure what's wrong with you.
Tom likes peanuts.
Welcome to the club of divorced alcoholic people!
I dislike you.
I should've discussed that with you.
I admired you.
I want to go to the circus with you.
I have traveled Algeria a lot.
I think that Algeria is a good country.
I do agree with you.
I've worked with you before, haven't I?
Tom took a stroll.
I blame you.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with you.
I don't think I'd enjoy playing chess with you.
I'm fed up with you.
It didn't really work like we expected.
Tom made beef stew.
I thought that I'd go to Boston with you.
I now agree with you.
We're curious to see what's in the box.
Tom got a big bonus.
I think that I went to college with you.
I have to go with you.
We're extremely grateful for your help.
Tom went for a stroll.
I wish I'd gone to Australia with you.
I'm sticking with you.
Don't tell me you don't know what to do.
Tom passed out in class.
I've already discussed that with you.
I came to talk with you.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with you.
I almost always agree with you, don't I?
Tom said hi to everyone.
I'd like to spend some time with you.
I hate arguing with you.
I've never played golf with you, have I?
Tom ordered an appetizer.
I wish that I could've gone with you.
I like singing with you.
I bought this bicycle from you, didn't I?
They speak Berber better than anyone.
They're Algerian in any sense of the word.
Tom packed up his things.
I wanted to spend more time with you.
I like talking with you.
He has chosen to come illegally to Algeria.
He came illegally to Algeria.
I went to high school with you, didn't I?
Tom passed me the bottle.
They suspect that Tom came into the country illegally.
They suspect Tom came into the country illegally.
I've enjoyed spending time with you.
I love working with you.
I'm here in Australia with you, aren't I?
Tom read the whole thing.
It doesn't matter how much money you offer me. I'm not going to sell this to you.
I want to sing with you.
I've never been fishing with you, have I?
Tom received a big bonus.
When was the last time that I spent the whole day with you?
I'll be eating with you.
Is that leather?
It didn't just happen. We made it happen.
Tom remained in his room.
This year there wasn't any snow at all.
You're not actually wrong.
Actually, you're not wrong.
We didn't have any snow at all last year.
When was the last time I spent the whole day with you?
The temple was built in the fifteenth century.
I'm glad I was with you.
The mosque was built in the fifteenth century.
The synagogue was built in the fifteenth century.
Which do you like better, pizza or tacos?
Tom said hi to everybody.
You know that I'm in love with you, don't you?
I'm going home with you.
"Doesn't it hurt?" "Well, maybe a little."
Tom said it was too late.
You know I'm in love with you, don't you?
I enjoy working with you.
Australia is one of my favorite countries.
Tom said that to my face.
Let me change places with you.
I hate shopping with you.
Do you know how old human civilization is?
Tom wanted an aisle seat.
We've learned a lot from you.
I like shopping with you.
I used to go to school with you, didn't I?
Tom read the whole report.
May I switch places with you.
I usually agree with you.
Don't tell me you don't know how to do that.
He was somewhere in Algeria.
He was somewhere in Algiers well past midnight.
Tom said that it was too late.
What can we expect from you?
The truck was flashing its lights at me.
The cop signaled for me to pull over.
I'm not through with you.
He got out of his truck.
I had my phone in hand.
I'd like to know why you didn't wait for me.
The truck matched my speed.
Tom doesn't pay attention to me.
I started speeding past the truck.
We expect a lot from you.
I'm still upset with you.
I've discussed this with you before, I think.
I'd prefer it if Tom didn't come.
Should I call you?
I love competing with you.
Things didn't go the way we expected them to.
Are you sure that Tom can do this?
We ate the meat.
These areas have bad cellphone reception.
I was somewhere in Algiers.
Let me call you.
I sat next to her on the bus.
I might go there with you.
We made it a yearly routine to visit our family that lives in Algeria.
In the early 1990's, traveling in Algeria started to become dangerous.
I borrowed this book from you a few years ago.
Tom offered Mary a glass of water.
I thought that I'd have another chance to talk to you.
He headed to Algeria.
I'd have to agree with you.
I'd really like to know why you don't like me.
We attended the same school.
Tom said some horrible things to me.
I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to you.
He wasn't that fat before.
I definitely agree with you.
If you don't like it, you don't have to eat it.
Tom is the one who paid for the funeral.
I thought that I'd be able to do that for you.
I don't need to go with you.
My girlfriend is three years younger than I am.
Tom really wants to know what you think.
Can you lend me your knife?
I wish that I'd been able to do more for you.
I've lost patience with you.
We've spent a lot of time together, haven't we?
Tom took his shirt off and threw it on the floor.
I can't ever get a straight answer from you.
I came here to talk with you.
I didn't have to stay with you, but I wanted to.
Tom took off his shirt and threw it on the floor.
I told you that I wasn't going to call you.
I don't often agree with you.
I'm going to stay here with you, no matter what.
Tom practiced law in Boston for almost thirty years.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't like you.
I hardly ever agree with you.
Don't tell me that you don't know how to do that.
If I were you, I'd do that the same way Tom is doing it.
I thought I'd be able to do that for you.
I have to stay here with you.
We've decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom has been saying bad things about you behind your back.
I wish I'd been able to do more for you.
I just wanted to be with you.
I think I'll ride back with you if you don't mind.
Tom passed me the bottle and I took a drink before passing it to Mary.
I've learned a lot of things from you.
I want to go hiking with you.
The stew we ate last week tasted better than this.
I spent the whole morning with you, so I'm going to spend the afternoon with Tom.
I told you I wasn't going to call you.
I want to go skiing with you.
It'll definitely cost us a lot of money to do that.
I don't want to buy anything from you.
Tom doesn't get on well with his father.
I'd rather hang out with you.
We only have enough time to do one of those things.
I didn't get even one letter from you.
I don't like talking with you.
It wasn't that long ago that you were just a teenager.
I've never stolen anything from you.
I don't want to stay with you.
I want to stay home with you, but I have to work today.
I forgot I was supposed to call you.
I don't want to work with you.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive you if you did that.
I've never borrowed money from you.
I enjoy doing things with you.
Before I do anything else, I'd like to get something to drink.
I expected something more from you.
I had intended to go with you.
Three men entered the room, and then three more men entered the room.
I live across the street from you.
I love playing music with you.
You should stay away from me. I think that what I have is contagious.
I didn't expect any help from you.
I refuse to go there with you.
I wanted to eat lunch with you, but I had to take me son to the hospital.
I wish I'd been here to help you.
I want to be friends with you.
It doesn't matter how much money you offer me. I'm not going to sell you this.
I was told to stay away from you.
I want to go bowling with you.
Ask me.
I was surprised to hear from you.
I want to go fishing with you.
Catch me.
I'd never buy anything from you.
I wanted to hang out with you.
Tom still doesn't have his own apartment, even though he is already thirty. He still lives with his parents.
That's suspicious.
I'd like to hear more about you.
Tom and Mary persuaded me to go to the cinema with them.
I'm coming to Boston with you.
Be more optimistic.
I watched her sleeping.
Tom must have lost his mind, because he was walking around the city naked.
I wouldn't want to work for you.
He sat down since he was tired.
I'm going to do that with you.
I want you to call me.
I told you I'd take care of you.
What am I good for?
I've never done that with you.
Mary wanted Tom to take her to the airport, but he refused.
Who's going to beat me?
I thought that I'd wait for you.
I don't enjoy talking with you.
Tom thinks that I have an affair with Mary.
I'm a student living in Algeria.
Who's older, you or me?
One of my majors is Berber.
One of my majors is Berber literature.
I was studying a famous Algerian writer.
Her Kabyle dress was too revealing.
He mumbled something in Berber.
I almost wish I'd never met you.
Neither Tom nor Mary can have their own children, so they are considering adoption.
I don't like shopping with you.
Who's faster, you or me?
I can't give him to them.
I am from Algiers, Algeria.
We have a large back garden.
I was waiting to hear from you.
I usually ride the bus home from school.
I usually ride the bus home from work.
I enjoyed hanging out with you.
There are speed bumps every couple of houses.
Who's taller, you or me?
This is a twisty dangerous highway.
He flashed his high beams.
I never got an answer from you.
I slowed down to forty.
I want to go shopping with you.
He kept flashing his beams.
He was tailing me.
He was driving a huge truck.
He was doing more than a hundred kilometers per hour.
He was left for dead.
I can trust you, can't I?
I was about to turn the light off.
I turned off the flashlight.
I'd do the same thing for you.
I shut my eyes tightly.
I wanted to go hiking with you.
He was on private land.
He told us to leave.
He was not welcoming and told us to leave.
I'll deal with you later.
I wish that I'd never met you.
I wanted to go skiing with you.
Who's shorter, you or me?
This was before GPS.
This was before the Internet.
This was before Facebook.
This was before Viber.
I can't keep secrets from you.
Being a polite Algerian lady, I explained to the German policeman that I didn't see the stop sign.
I reduced my speed slightly.
I won't be doing that with you.
We clean up a bedroom in which someone came to pass away on the mattress and laid there for several months.
I used to drive all over Algeria.
I remember driving through northeastern Algeria.
One time, I drove from Bejaia to Algiers in one shot.
Who's younger, you or me?
I was driving to Algiers.
Tom takes a bath only once a week.
He jumped out of his skin, thinking that the bus was going to hit him.
I learned this song from you.
We were making our way to Algiers.
Were were in Algiers for a week.
We were in Algiers for four days.
The dog was very obviously dead.
He went driving three hours to visit his aunt in Algiers.
I'd like to go skiing with you.
Science is the art of questioning the world and listening to its answers.
I don't want them to see me there with Tom.
He ran out of gas.
Where did he leave his car?
I surprised you, didn't I?
It was Tom who put Mary through this misery.
I demand an apology from you.
I came to seek gold and found bs.
I lived in Algeria at the time.
I drove down to Algiers.
I was looking for gold and found but shit.
I'm going to go there with you.
Tom would get that job if he was fluent in French.
I'd like you to assist me.
I'd like to get to know you.
He hopped into my car.
I came here to do that with you.
I've never met you before.
I'd better come and see you.
I need to go to Boston with you.
Who's going to replace me?
Idir is my favorite Algerian singer.
He grabbed his glasses and put them on.
I'd hate to disappoint you.
He's still standing there.
He's observing you.
He rose his arms up.
He charged at my car.
He was holding a kitchen knife.
He was glad that she was gone.
He was still awake.
He was extremely worried for you.
He started to explain what happened.
He recounted everything that had occurred.
He immediately texted her back.
I plan to go to Boston with you.
He went on a road trip through the Algerian southwest.
He started slowing down for the stop sign.
Who's stronger, you or me?
He was in hysterics.
He made another right turn.
He answered the door.
Tom has never seen real snow in his life.
He recognized that guy.
He worked at that gym.
He lived in that town.
He invited her to watch the movie with us.
I thought I'd wait for you.
He watched the movie in his car.
He didn't find his phone.
He hid the gun underneath the driver's seat.
He put the gun underneath his seat.
He was drinking the beer.
Tom suddenly disappeared, and nobody knows where to.
I really enjoy working with you.
Our village in Algeria is surrounded by a very heavily wooded area.
He wasn't expected at home.
He turned up the volume of the music louder.
He went into panic mode.
He was still singing.
He threatened us with the gun.
I dislike working with Tom.
He didn't sleep the whole night.
Let's not meet again.
Let's not meet.
He purchased a van.
Tom said that there was no time to lose.
He heard a jingling sound.
He tried to break into her van as she sat in it.
He squinted at her.
He ran out.
He didn't mean her any harm.
He parked in a more crowded area.
Tom is a famous polyglot.
He did some cleaning before bed.
I'd sure like to help you.
He finally got the message.
He finally got the message and left.
He finally got the message and left her alone.
He arrived at the intersection.
He was sweating bullets.
He was driving fast.
He parked and waited.
He started getting ready for bed.
He saw that car.
They locked eyes and she freaked out.
I really need to speak with you.
I currently live in Algeria.
He heard her story.
He went over to her and shake her hand.
He was in a really bad spot.
He offered to give her a lift to the bus station.
How's this going to affect me?
I told Tom that if he hurt Mary, he would bear the consequences.
He switched to the middle lane.
He mugged her.
Let's never meet again.
I'd never do that for you.
He has been busy lately.
He was working on a farm.
He owned the farm.
He was pretty laid-back.
He was much of a talker.
I wanted to go skating with you.
He jabbed me in the ribs.
She was perplexed.
It was his property.
The CCTV cameras were motion-activated.
This'll have to do.
I wish you could come with me.
He started looking through the computer.
Where's the nearest police station?
The cops arrived almost an hour later.
I was going to call you.
He was still sleeping.
I wanted to play chess with you.
He stank.
He stank and had teeth like a meth addict.
He started asking questions.
He heard her scream.
Who's going to do that for me?
He stole car parts.
He was the last to get in the car.
He reemerged from the house with a shotgun.
He was holding a hunting rifle.
He honked at me.
He pretended to take a picture of her.
He thought she would leave.
He was in his forties.
I expect a lot from you.
He lives in a secure building with his fiancee.
He lives in a small town.
I wanted to play darts with you.
I want you to go there with me.
I stole this from you.
I wish I could've gone with you.
Mary believes that Tom is possessed by the devil.
I wasn't with you at that time.
I'd like to meet you.
I'd never go to Boston with you.
Who's going to buy that for me?
I wish I'd asked you.
I'd rather not do that with you.
I'd like to have some time alone.
I'd do that for you.
I'm going to eat lunch with you.
I've never sung with you, have I?
I tried to call you.
I definitely want to go with you.
I've never worked with you, have I?
I got that from you.
I don't want to be seen with you.
I almost never agree with you, do I?
I had to run away from enraged Tom.
I'd never hire you.
I enjoyed spending time with you.
I'd really like a chance to do that.
I'd never hit you.
I had fun playing cards with you.
I don't usually agree with you, do I?
I won't call you.
I plan to spend all day with you.
I really want to know what you think.
I'll defend you.
I wanted to go canoeing with you.
I went skiing with you once, I think.
You remind me of Foma.
Did you have a pleasant weekend?
I won't hit you.
I wanted to go shopping with you.
I'd like some time to think about it.
I sure miss you.
I wouldn't go to Boston with you.
I'd like to talk with you about that.
I live near you.
I wouldn't want to live with you.
I know it's you.
I wouldn't want to work with you.
I asked for you.
I'll never go to Boston with you.
I've found you.
I didn't intend to argue with you.
I'll watch you.
I feel inclined to agree with you.
I'll alert you.
I'd like to discuss this with you.
I wrote to you.
I'm tired of hanging out with you.
I paid for you.
I don't enjoy hanging out with you.
I despised you.
I don't spend enough time with you.
I can take you.
I don't want to eat lunch with you.
I can call you.
Like a light cloud, i'm high on top of my vast country.
I had intended to do that with you.
I'll page you.
I have trouble keeping up with you.
Who doesn't curve the spine he claims his existence.
I'll meet you.
He claims his existence.
I just want to spend time with you.
I'll fire you.
I really do need to speak with you.
I touched you.
I wish I hadn't done that with you.
I haven't laughed this much in ages.
If you want, you can go too.
I would like to meet your country.
I know you're not wrong.
It's for Tomas.
What would you pay for me to do that?
The job isn't finished.
I'm prepared to take advantage of the weather.
There's a price for freedom.
I've got to write a letter. Do you have a sheet of paper?
Do you know what your children are eating?
It escapes me who said that.
Where can we go dancing?
It seems like the weather has a great influence on our mood.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for trusting me.
It's a bit discolored.
She began the following day, and then they found her.
What do you think about the war in the Persian Gulf?
Why is Mary so nice all of a sudden?
It's necessary to start from scratch.
They're craving chocolate.
Have you visited Brazil?
We had a lot of fun in Laganas.
In our lab we create new materials.
They celebrated it with a meal.
The celebration's still going on.
We're celebrating our successes.
He's an excellent student.
She's an excellent student.
It seems very good to me.
Once upon a time in Englahd there was a very bad king.
You shouldn't make it so complicated.
Wouldn't it be better to say it to him?
It will have been the same as before.
Don't put the blame on me.
If you run late, I will not wait.
If you want, I'll go.
For you, I'll do it.
I'll handle that.
I'm already doing it, don't worry.
That could really damage their relationship.
They feel more secure in their relationship.
He's exhibiting better mental health.
They have an amazing relationship.
"They have an amazing relationship." "They are lucky."
Successful relationships need work.
I'll lend you my umbrella.
I'll lend my umbrella to you.
They were eating and chatting.
They never discuss anything with me.
They know nothing about this.
He reads one book a week.
"Kids these days have it too easy." "OK, boomer."
Our rockets are too slow.
It would take our fastest rockets months to get to Mars.
Can we travel faster than light?
Can we travel at the speed of light?
Can we build faster rockets?
Can we go to Mars?
Can we live on Mars?
What do we know about Mars?
What do we know about antimatter?
He's interested in positron physics.
Tom is hoping that he can persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Can we trap antimatter?
Can we create antimatter?
This information is very important to us.
He finished his PhD in 2004.
Can we build an antimatter rocket?
I'll get my chance.
Can we build an antimatter system?
Tom is hoping he can persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Time dilation is an interesting phenomenon.
Can we have and raise kids on Mars?
Tom got pretty worked up about that.
I wonder who did this.
Can we build houses on Mars?
Can we grow plants on Mars?
Can we build cities on Mars?
Can we send astronauts to Mars?
Why do we want to go to Mars?
Why do we want to live on Mars?
Have we found life on Mars?
Tom is hoping that everybody will leave, so he can go to bed.
Are Earth and Mars the same age?
When did Earth and Mars form?
What's the difference between Earth and Mars?
Mars is inhospitable.
Mars's atmosphere is much thinner than Earth's.
What do we know about the climatic history of Mars?
I saw something moving.
We have learned much about Mars.
I want to know the reason for her absence.
I want to know why Tom is absent.
Tom is hoping he that can go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Why were you absent last week?
Can Mars become a second Earth?
Why do we want to terraform Mars?
Can we really terraform Mars?
Can we make Mars habitable?
I saw the entire thing.
There is a lot of frozen water below the surface of Mars.
Tom is hoping that everyone will leave, so he can go to bed.
I studied for the test.
Tom was cleaning his gun when he accidentally shot himself.
I used to travel a lot.
Tom was caught on camera stealing from the cash register.
I'll do that on my own.
Tom is hoping everybody will leave, so he can go to bed.
I wanted to believe you.
Tom is hoping everyone will leave, so he can go to bed.
I'll be at home all day.
Who will be the first person on Mars?
Tom is hoping to earn enough to buy himself a bicycle.
Why are we planning on going to Mars?
I'll never leave my wife.
He's studying space physiology.
He's studying astrobiology.
There is a group of men out looking for Tom right now.
I'm really surprised, too.
Tom wasn't in his apartment the day before yesterday.
Sending people to Mars is really complicated.
When can we start sending humans to Mars?
We need to build a new type of rocket to go to Mars.
Living on Mars will be very different from living on Earth.
There is no oxygen on Mars.
With our technology, we can terraform Mars.
It would take a lot of time to terraform Mars.
How much time do we need to terraform Mars?
Can we land humans on Mars?
Living on Mars is an achievable goal.
Terraforming Mars is an achievable goal.
They're discussing a mission to Mars.
You should take your time.
Tom is happy to be home after being away for so long.
His girlfriend wore a red Summer dress.
People are training to go to Mars.
You should trust your gut.
Mars is a cold desolate planet.
We're exploring Mars.
Can we land people safely on Mars?
Mars is a hostile planet.
It's debatable whether what Tom did was wrong or not.
He missed an important lecture.
Can you adjust to life on Mars?
Is it easy to adjust to life on Mars?
Can we grow vegetables on Mars?
Can we survive radiation exposure on Mars?
Earth would look just like another star from Mars.
Seen from Mars, Earth would look just like another star.
I'm going to be there, too.
Tom still hasn't done everything we asked him to do.
Globalization brought us the possibility of fast and instantaneous communication.
I just uploaded a new video.
I've repaired a clock.
I fixed a clock.
It would take us six months to go from Earth to Mars.
I have a friend who works for the New York Times.
I think you should come over here right now.
Tom is hoping that he can persuade Mary to do that.
Can we fly humans to Mars?
I won't let you in my house.
Banks are financial institutions that invest money deposited by the clients, give it back when required, lend money with interest, and exchange currency.
João guessed every solution in the exam.
It has been two months since she went to see the doctor.
João has a great sense of humor.
Can we create artificial gravity?
It would take six months to fly to Mars.
It would take us six months to fly to Mars.
Tom took singing lessons when he was a teenager.
Even though her name is Grace, she is anything but gracious.
Can we grow crops in Martian soil?
Can we grow crops in Martian gravity?
Can we produce crops in Martian gravity?
This is a photograph of Mars.
There are dry river beds on Mars.
Wanting to become a wiseman by oneself is completely insane.
I've tried talking her out a million times, but she definitely wants the divorce.
That's exactly why I'm here.
I think there is life on Mars.
Jupiter was the father of the gods and men.
Can we build a base on Mars?
Can we turn Martian materials into resources?
Can we really grow plants on Mars?
Can we build factories on Mars?
Did you manage to talk to her?
Why do we want to colonize Mars?
True friendship is the one that allows us to talk to a friend about his defects and our qualities.
Tom took a picture of us to send to his parents.
This is nothing new to him.
I like calling my father old man, even though I respect him a lot.
Does it rain on Mars?
It doesn't rain on Mars.
You will be loved.
We need to learn how to grow plants on Mars.
We need to learn how to grow crops on Mars.
Can we grow plants in Martian sand?
Be brief and direct in your speech.
We've tried doing that, too.
I was in Algeria for a week.
The incident shocked the Japanese, and because of it, the antinuclear movement was born.
I'm not learning Esperanto only to talk about Esperanto.
How do you say it in Finnish?
It's cold in Algiers.
It's cold in Algiers, but it's colder in Bejaia.
She will never admit her fault.
Do you have any idea of what you're asking?
Help your friends.
I must leave them.
I think they carry about me.
I will get some snacks.
Tom took a picture of Mary and sent it to John.
I'm really excited to meet my adversary.
I've read the instruction manual from beginning to end ans I still don't get it.
Are you in agreement?
I'd really love to know how to write poems in Interlingua.
The plaque said "Welcome to Itu!"
I won't be able to sell this.
The signpost said "Welcome to Itu!"
What is your excuse?
You will live a long and happy life.
Pedro and his son came.
I was thinking about writing a blog.
Don't turn it off.
I really need money.
The resort has a recreation area.
Every time something bad happens, people turn towards João.
Tom is hoping that he can go sailing with Mary.
My favorite subfield of physics is mechanics.
I hated studying Hungarian.
I'll be in my office all day.
Tom finally convinced me that his life was more fucked up than mine.
Tom's life is a story that needs to be told for generations.
It's possible that Tom isn't going to be there.
I want to be loved by somebody.
I'll be scolded by my father.
Tom is hoping he can persuade Mary to do that.
That's it, my friends.
The boy watches the sheep.
Who ate the cheese?
He was following them.
She has a frozen heart.
I hope I can do that tomorrow.
The maiden shall belong with whomever her heart chooses.
In front of us, above the walls, there was a large group of women.
Tom works at night and sleeps during the day.
You will not like this game.
Don't bother with these bureaucratic issues.
Someday we will learn.
They haven't discovered anything.
The news agency had access, with exclusivity, to the security cameras that recorded the crime.
I'm afraid of moving on without her.
This fungus is important for cheese production.
I'm not likely change my mind.
This is an unacceptable insult.
Review! Review! Review! Save some time to review stuff you've learned in the past.
There were only fifteen parents in the school meeting.
Everyone should know one's native language.
She combined the intelligency of the spirit with that of the heart.
Tom still hasn't done what I asked him to do.
Length, mass and time are the three fundamental quantities in physics.
I will never talk to you about my sister-in-law again.
You have to compensate them for that.
They told me they were doing it right now.
Tom likes to sit on the grass on sunny days.
He likes repeating what people say.
Her life was full of drama.
I don't allow dogs in my house.
At that moment, Pedro leaves the room.
The desk is made of marble.
Come sit by my side.
The night inspires me.
Other produce includes coal, coconuts, sugar cane, pineapples , tobacco, vegetables, sago, tapioca, coffee, tea, maize, and groundnuts.
He speaks perfect English.
The best doctor is the one who knows about the uselessness of the majority of medicines.
I'm not authorized to conduct business.
What don't you understand exactly?
Tom still has that guitar that you gave him.
She is in the hospital at the moment.
We will help as much as we can.
I'd like to go to the prom, but I have to study German.
We were together for a long time, but then each one had to follow their own path.
Everyone admires her.
He said he has to buy to buy a car.
The magnolias bloomed.
I'll be at home all day Monday.
Could you bring me something from your country? A shirt, a coin, a flag, a notebook, anything...
I argued with my sister.
I was afraid of what could happen.
Tom is hoping that he won't need to do that.
I'll be in my room all morning.
I don't know why God gives us fingers, because we only need three.
Because I don't think people would believe a dead woman.
Tom is having trouble supporting his family.
I can't talk because I'm in the elevator full of people.
I probably won't change my mind.
Tom is hoping he can go sailing with Mary.
I need to get my house repainted.
It's possible Tom isn't going to be there.
I used to ride the bus to school.
Tom told me about what his son had done.
I won't try to do that on my own.
Tom set his neighbor's barn on fire.
I'm not likely to change my opinion.
Tom still has the guitar that you gave him.
My new girlfriend's name is Mary.
Tom secretly recorded our conversation.
I know you're not in love with me.
Tom is hoping he won't have to do that.
I saw something moving over there.
"Back in my day kids were so much tougher." "OK, boomer."
Tom texted me about that this morning.
I think I'd better stick with you.
It would be nice if Tom did this, too.
I think I'll try doing that later.
I'm glad that Tom was able to do that.
I'm not going to be there, either.
Tom warned me that this might happen.
I have to deal with that on my own.
Tom wanted to be a real estate agent.
I hope that I can do that tomorrow.
I need to deal with that on my own.
Tom set fire to his neighbor's barn.
I wish I'd gone to Boston with you.
My new boyfriend's name is Tom, too.
"Apfelsine", the German word for orange, means "apple from China."
I'll be in my office all day today.
Kim used to like speaking Upper Sorbian.
I'm getting good at reading Upper Sorbian.
I think I'm fluent in Upper Sorbian.
They thought they had to speak Upper Sorbian.
I want to learn how to say a few words in Upper Sorbian.
Janis and Alma say that they had to speak Upper Sorbian.
Do you know whether or not Ilya can speak Upper Sorbian?
Tom was in the back seat, sleeping.
You always said you wanted to learn Upper Sorbian.
She speaks both Upper and Lower Sorbian.
I didn't say I knew how to speak Lower Sorbian.
The only language I can speak is Lower Sorbian.
Is there anyone here who speaks Lower Sorbian?
She can speak not only German but also Lower Sorbian.
Why should I learn Lower Sorbian?
You shouldn't say things like that.
Tom told the whole story yesterday.
I had a little help doing this.
"Sensible" in the eyes of most people means that which most people can agree on, and is not linked with making sense, but rather with consensus.
Tom skipped school again yesterday.
I have to figure this out on my own.
Tom really shouldn't be doing that.
I need to figure this out on my own.
Tom wants to sit in an aisle seat.
I really enjoy hanging out with you.
Tom was sitting in the back seat.
I want you to go to Boston with us.
Tom was in his apartment all day.
I'll be in my office all day Monday.
Tom used to ride the bus to work.
Tom saw the smile on Mary's face.
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
Tom warned me this might happen.
I don't have much in common with you.
To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Tom said he likes swimming, too.
My new boyfriend's name is Tom.
I promised him not to do it again.
I won't be able to do that on my own.
Tom was right about that, too.
I won't be able to survive on my own.
Tom left his locker door open.
Buying that would be a waste of money.
I'll write to Tom and ask him.
I'll have to deal with that on my own.
Would Tom go along with that?
I'll need to deal with that on my own.
Tom said it like he meant it.
I want to go to Lodz with you.
Magdalena is a Lodz native.
I'm likely be late for my appointment.
Magdalena comes from Lodz.
I live in the Budapest metropolitan area.
Maybe we should ask Tom, too.
I'm not going to play tennis with you.
Tom honked his horn at Mary.
My new girlfriend's name is Mary, too.
Tom won't be there, either.
Mary tried to escape from Tom.
Tom won the race despite his handicap.
We're hoping we won't have to do that.
Only Tom knows the answer.
Mary didn't know then how dangerous Tom was.
Tom told me where Mary was.
I know that you're not in love with me.
Tom told me about his son.
I saw someone looking into your window.
Tom staggered to the door.
I think that I'd better stick with you.
Tom has been harassing me.
I think that I'll try doing that later.
Half for you and half for me.
Tom warned me about this.
I wish you wouldn't make so much noise.
Tom wanted to do me that.
I'm glad that you were able to do that.
Tom used to travel a lot.
That's exactly what we should be doing.
I am very smart.
Tom turned the light off.
I am very witty.
I'm very witty.
That's the way I remember it happening.
Tom turned his phone off.
I saw somebody looking into your window.
Tom took a picture of us.
I wish that I'd gone to Boston with you.
Tom took a picture of me.
I'm starting my new job on October 20th.
Tom took a bullet for me.
That's exactly what we're planning to do.
Tom talked to me as well.
I still have that pocketknife you gave me.
Tom talked about his son.
It looks like they've stopped following us.
Tom stormed out the door.
We're hoping that we won't need to do that.
Tell me why you snitched on me to the teacher?
The radio was playing soft music.
Tom started attacking me.
Why don't you wait for just a while longer?
Tom sent his application.
I wish that you wouldn't make so much noise.
Tom says this every time.
I won't be able to solve this problem alone.
Tom sat in the back seat.
I don't let my children speak French at home.
Tom sat in an aisle seat.
I won't be spending Christmas with my family.
People like Tom are rare.
I'll be living in Boston with my grandparents.
Tom is a little bit shy.
I intend to stay in Boston for a few more days.
Tom tried the shirt on.
I still have that pocketknife that you gave me.
His response was immediate.
His parents were both teachers.
His opinions don't carry much weight around here.
Her opinions don't carry much weight around here.
His operation was going to cost a small fortune.
His older daughter is still unmarried.
She's not breathing.
His mother is a very good cook.
Her mother is a very good cook.
His mother died just one week before he graduated from college.
His mother chased him as he ran naked around the house.
His living room was tastefully furnished.
Her house is for sale.
Her house is easy to find.
His heart suddenly began to beat faster.
His hat blew off.
His hairline is receding.
His hair is thinning.
His fingers got smashed while working on the assembly line.
His family lives in this city.
Her family lives in this city.
His face is red.
His eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
Her eyes are bloodshot.
His eyes are bloodshot.
His duties include raking the leaves.
His dog bit him playfully.
His diet is deficient in protein.
His death came as a surprise.
His days are numbered.
His company is drilling for oil.
His company imports tea from Kenya.
His company imports coffee from Ethiopia.
His clothes were old, but clean.
His business is doing very well.
His bicycle was red before he painted it blue.
His behavior wasn't acceptable.
He's an irritating person to work with because he'll never admit it when he's made a mistake.
Her advice was very helpful.
Her advice didn't help at all.
I need their help.
Could you keep an eye on the kids?
He zipped up his pants.
She yelled for help.
He writes everything down so he won't forget it.
She writes everything down so she won't forget it.
He wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
He would like to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a newspaper.
They work the night shift.
He works the evening shift.
He works out in a gym near his house.
He works from eight to five.
He works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
He works for a trading company there.
She works for a large company.
He worked for a construction company there.
He worked all day and was completely worn out.
He wore a new coat to school today.
He won't go alone.
He won't admit that he's done anything wrong.
He wishes that he could be a better singer.
Tom won a medal, too.
She wishes that she could be a better singer.
He wishes he didn't have to help with the housework.
He will visit there this summer for sure.
He will remember this weekend as long as he lives.
He will go there next month.
He will carry those suitcases for you.
He will be thirty in April.
He will be back by 3:30.
He will be arriving here soon.
He will be absent today because he has a cold.
He will be a university student this year.
He whistled a tune as he walked along the river.
He went without lunch because he didn't have enough time to eat.
He went to the counter and bought us both a drink.
He will be here any minute now.
He will be back here soon.
I plan to be in Australia for a few more months.
Tom just kept smiling.
It would be nice if you were able to do that, too.
I'll tell Tom I can't do that.
If I don't hurry, I'll be late for my appointment.
Tom is mad because he had to wait.
I'll probably be able to do that faster on my own.
Anarchy isn't a lack of rules; it's a lack of rulers.
Every anarchist is a socialist, but every socialist is not necessarily an anarchist.
We anarchists do not want to emancipate the people; we want the people to emancipate themselves.
In short, the Anarchist tendency is a necessity of progress, a protest against usurpation, privilege, and injustice.
The Anarchists are right in everything; in the negation of the existing order, and in the assertion that, without authority, there could not be worse violence than that of authority under existing conditions.
He proposed to his boyfriend with a ring he had stolen from a local jewelry store.
A group of anarchists vandalized shops and threw rocks and Molotov cocktails at police.
A rootless, international clique is turning people against each other. They are at home everywhere and nowhere.
I watched Tom reloading his gun.
I plan to spend a few hours studying for the test.
We could always ask Tom for help.
I plan to be in Boston until the end of the month.
We can't let Tom have his own way.
I think I'll be able to do that faster on my own.
I'm heading to Fukui.
I congratulated Tom on his success.
He's still working.
As expected!
I'll likely spend the rest of my life in prison.
I'll tell Tom that I can't do that.
I fell down the stairs and broke one of my legs.
I'll visit Tom in Boston next week.
I'll be moving into a new apartment next month.
Tom is obviously interested in you.
I've been trying to ignore what's been going on.
Tom is mad because he was kept waiting.
I complained about that, but it didn't help.
Tom told the truth, I'm pretty sure.
I'm going fishing with my family tomorrow.
They came to visit the underground prisons where the slaves died.
Tom is one of the people I talked to.
Make it faster!
Close it!
Tom is one of the people that I talked to.
I don't know the names of all my students.
I was taught to pull a fast one.
We need to get Tom to change his mind.
Tom has tested positive for the coronavirus.
I'm going to have an operation tomorrow.
We want to go to France.
The outcome of the tournament hinges on the results of this match.
I used to stay up all night, instant messaging my friends.
I thought it was a tea shop, but it was a marijuana dispensary.
I took my daughter to the paediatrician.
All of her tribulations resulted in her becoming stronger.
The book contains tidbits of information about psychology.
May I borrow your hankie to wipe my nose?
Scalene triangles are ugly.
They broke into her home and vandalized it.
Put a sprig of mint on top as a garnish.
Sit-ups strengthen your abdominals.
Her butt left an indentation in the couch.
What an ugly book cover; it looks like it was made with clip art!
The cartels took over the town.
Stay away from her; she’s a lazy no-goodnik!
The turtle was born with deformities caused by the chemicals in the water.
Just when I think I’m getting close to succeeding, they move the goalposts on me.
Don’t mention that the girl is adopted; her family is very hush-hush about it.
Slapstick comedy is the lowest form of humor.
She wore a pink, frilly dress.
Trump has a history of irrational conduct.
I’m afraid she’ll keel over before she succeeds.
She wore a white nightie and fuzzy slippers.
Cotton was the most important cash crop in the American south.
Her ill-fitting leggings gave her cameltoe.
I wish I had fairy godparents to protect me.
Wyoming is a flyover state; there’s nothing interesting to do there.
Algeria has a stronger military.
He's an adviser to the Algerian president.
He's an advisor to the Algerian president.
He's an Algeria expert.
He's an advisor to the Algerian government.
Algeria is becoming a regional power.
I need to tell Tom something important.
I'm not here to defend Bouteflika's Algeria.
China can sink US aircraft carriers.
Algeria has a relatively big population.
The author is an Algerian academic.
Algeria needs to project its power abroad.
You were born in Algeria, of course.
Algerians are looking for a better life.
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.
He's an Algerian pop singer.
He's a very promising Algerian footballer.
He's a very respected Algerian writer.
That's a completely false description of Algeria today.
Algerians want a better education for their kids.
I'll probably tell Tom I can't do that.
They're moving out of Algeria.
This doesn't mean he's moving out of Algeria.
He has an apartment in Germany but this doesn't mean he's moving out of Algeria.
He purchased an apartment in Germany but this doesn't mean he's moving out of Algeria.
The Algerian political elite is riddled with corruption.
The Bouteflika government was looting Algeria's state assets.
My wife and I both enjoy playing chess.
First of all, I have Algerian friends.
We have Algerian friends.
We have many Muslim friends.
Terrorism is a threat to the whole world, not just to Algeria.
He gave up his Algerian passport to become a citizen of that country.
People can protest in Algeria.
People are protesting in Algeria.
Tom is afraid that Mary will laugh at him.
What's the largest dam in Algeria?
I saw a police car parked in front of your house yesterday.
I'm from an Algerian area known as Kabylie.
He teaches Algerian history in America.
Today he teachers Algerian history in Germany.
Algeria is the place where I was born and where I'll die.
I'll never forget Algeria.
I'll never forget Algeria, the land where I was born and where I'll die.
I'll never forget Algeria, the place where I was born and where I'll die.
My father died for the independence of Algeria.
The driver told Tom that it isn't allowed to eat on the bus.
I plan to buy my mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
My mother told me to eat my vegetables.
We are aware of Algeria's water needs.
Algeria needs more water.
I'm too tired to help you do that now.
"Can the Nile be diverted to Israel?" "Mubarak has already done that."
Algeria is a country thirsty for water.
Does Iran really seek to harm Saudi Arabia?
Algeria is one of the founding states of the African Union.
Tom is the one who gave me this black eye.
The civil war of the 1990's hindered Algeria's ability to develop.
I bought a house with the money that I inherited from my grandfather.
How can Algeria reduce its power deficit?
Algeria isn't really a poor country.
Is Egypt challenging Algeria's regional interests?
Does Egypt want to harm Algeria's regional interests?
This would pose a serious threat to Algeria's political stability.
This would pose a serious threat to Algeria's internal stability.
Are you going to build mausoleums in Turkey?
Algeria wasn't invited to the negotiations.
Algeria wasn't included in the agreement.
I bought a house with the money I inherited from my grandfather.
"Tayri" means "love" in Berber.
I'm not accustomed to being on my own.
Tom is the only one who didn't have to go.
My wife and I both grew up in Boston.
Tom is the only one who didn't need to go.
They closed every polling station within a 48-kilometer radius.
I have a big scar on my left leg.
Tom is the only one who didn't want to go.
I don't grow celery in my garden.
Tom is the only one who gave me a present.
I cleaned my apartment yesterday.
Tom is convinced that he needed to do that.
The man in the back of the pickup truck started firing at us.
My father doesn't allow me to drive unless he's in the car with me.
Tom will apparently be in Australia next spring.
Place the book on the table.
Tom bought my house.
Tom has purchased my house.
Tom said Mary believed him.
Tom said that Mary believed him.
It would be nice if you were able to do that with us.
Tom seems like a wise man.
Tom looks like a wise man.
The raven is black.
The crow is black.
What do we really know about giraffes?
Giraffes live in Africa.
Giraffes live in the savanna.
Are giraffes endangered?
Giraffes went extinct in Algeria.
There are no more giraffes in Algeria.
I love giraffes.
Giraffes are fascinating animals.
A giraffe has only seven vertebrae in the neck.
Giraffes are very tall.
They love giraffes.
He knows giraffes better than anyone.
He was looking at the giraffe.
There are nine different subspecies of giraffes.
In Namibia, giraffes live in one of the harshest deserts in the world.
Giraffes thrive in the African savanna.
He wrote a book about giraffes.
He knows everything about giraffes.
Giraffes are pretty amazing animals.
Giraffes are so iconic.
Giraffes are so unique.
Every single giraffe has a unique pattern. Their spots are like our fingerprints.
How long can a giraffe live?
I'll never be able to live up to my parents' expectations.
This bull giraffe is fourteen years old.
Giraffes are active at night.
I can now see the giraffe.
How do giraffes sleep?
How do giraffes mate?
This is a female giraffe.
The giraffe sat down.
The giraffe is sleeping.
How do giraffes communicate with each other?
Giraffes are tall animals.
Giraffes are massive animals.
Giraffes aren't mute.
How do giraffes live together?
It's difficult to observe giraffes at night.
It's difficult to study giraffes at night.
He has never seen a giraffe before.
The number of giraffes is dwindling.
The number of giraffes is dropping.
It's well known that African elephants are in trouble.
Giraffes have already gone extinct in many African nations.
When did giraffes go extinct in Algeria?
We don't have giraffes in Algeria.
Nubian giraffes live in Ethiopia.
Are there giraffes in Algeria?
We haven't seen a single giraffe in that area.
Giraffe prefer wooded areas.
We saw a herd of giraffes in that area.
Giraffes are huge animals.
Giraffes are tall.
Giraffes are huge.
A giraffe is roaming in the area.
Giraffes are mysterious animals.
Giraffes are fascinating.
I don't understand the meaning of this sentence.
Tom is worried about his children's health.
In Kenya, there is a large population of giraffes.
There is a large population of giraffes in Kenya.
This giraffe has a lighter coat.
This is a wild giraffe.
Are giraffes dangerous?
He likes giraffes.
They captured a small giraffe.
It's extremely difficult to capture a giraffe.
A giraffe's kick could kill a lion.
The giraffe died.
The giraffe is dead.
The giraffe isn't moving.
They let the giraffe go.
The giraffe was exhausted.
Giraffes are protected in this country.
They captured a giraffe.
I have never touched a giraffe before.
He read a book about giraffes.
He studies giraffes.
The giraffe was relaxed.
The giraffe stood up.
They caught a huge giraffe.
Giraffes have long and powerful necks.
The giraffe was released.
The giraffe was captured and blindfolded.
Giraffes are social animals.
This giraffe is much bigger and stronger.
This giraffe weighs a ton.
I'll moving to my new house at the end of the month.
This giraffe is healthy.
This is very good for Algeria.
There is a small population of giraffes in this area.
I really love giraffes a lot.
Giraffes are majestic animals.
Giraffes are beautiful creatures.
Giraffes are beautiful animals.
This giraffe has a satellite-tracking collar.
They released the giraffes in a national park.
Giraffes have giant tongues.
No giraffe can cross this river.
No wildebeest can cross this river, but a giraffe can.
I don't want to spend my life behind a desk.
The giraffe came out of the huge cage.
Giraffes are amazing animals.
Tom is just pretending he can't understand French.
We love giraffes.
We will continue our work to save giraffes.
We will continue our work to save giraffes across Ethiopia.
Giraffes can travel hundreds of miles.
Giraffes are gentle giants.
Giraffes are massive mammals.
A giraffe's tongue is one and a half feet long.
Each giraffe has a distinct coat.
A male giraffe may weigh up to one and a half ton.
A male giraffe is almost twenty feet tall.
A giraffe's neck has seven vertebrae.
Lions are a real threat even to adult giraffes.
A giraffe can run up to thirty miles per hour.
A giraffe can speed up to thirty miles per hour.
A giraffe's powerful legs are a lethal weapon that could kill a lion.
The lions brought down an adult giraffe.
Giraffes are only found in Africa.
Giraffes live in isolated groups.
A giraffe's coat is adapted to its habitat.
A giraffe's coat is perfectly matched to its habitat.
A giraffe could go weeks without water.
Giraffes are giant herbivores.
The giraffes survived the dry season.
The giraffes were following the elephants.
A young giraffe is called a calf.
Why are giraffes so tall?
Giraffes can get to food that other herbivores can't reach.
Giraffes are known to eat over a hundred species of plants.
Giraffes can close their nostrils.
Giraffes have tough prehensile tongues.
Giraffes are herbivores.
Giraffes are vegetarians.
Giraffes have strong bones.
Giraffes live in the African savanna.
Giraffes have long necks.
Giraffes can withstand intense heat.
A giraffe's coat is a camouflage.
Giraffes sleep only four hours a day.
Giraffes sleep the least of all mammals on Earth: only four hours a day.
Giraffes are ruminants.
Like cows, giraffes are ruminants.
A giraffe's heart is nearly thirty times heavier than a human's.
Giraffes are extinct in some countries.
Only small populations of giraffes remain in this country.
Much about giraffes remains unknown.
Giraffes have never been known to swim.
A male giraffe uses its neck as a weapon.
The male giraffe was swinging its neck.
A fight between two male giraffes can occasionally end in death.
I'll be visiting my in-laws in Boston for about a week.
The female giraffe is in heat and ready to mate.
The female giraffe is on heat.
The female giraffe is ready to mate.
Will that change anything?
Will it change anything?
Is that going to change anything?
Is it going to change anything?
The giraffes are keeping their distance from the elephants.
How will we make up for this?
The glass contains water.
You and your family can go to fucking hell!
The giraffe was flicking its tail.
He wasn't a good worker.
He didn't do a good job.
Oxpeckers are a giraffe's best friends.
The giraffe gives birth standing up.
A baby giraffe grows an inch a day.
A baby giraffe is extremely vulnerable to predators.
We are following a herd of giraffes.
The giraffe was running towards a lake.
The giraffe fell into the lake.
Giraffes can't swim.
The giraffe was sedated.
They sedated the giraffe and covered its eyes.
They sedated the giraffe and covered her eyes.
The scientists attached a transmitter to the giraffe's ear.
The giraffe rejoined its herd.
No one understands how giraffes talk to one another.
No one understands how giraffes communicate with each other.
The giraffe was flapping its ears.
Giraffes talk to each other.
Giraffes communicate with each other.
This giraffe has a transmitter.
Giraffes like to stick together in family groups.
Giraffes are surprisingly active at night.
Giraffes roam the vast savannas of Africa.
Giraffes eat acacia leaves.
Giraffes like acacia leaves.
Giraffes aren't afraid of acacia thorns.
A giraffe can guzzle many gallons of water in one go.
The giraffes have quenched their thirst.
The giraffe is the tallest of the mammals.
Giraffes are magnificent animals.
Giraffes are colossal animals.
Giraffes have become endangered in this area.
I'll be staying with my grandparents over Christmas.
Giraffes are iconic animals.
Lions hunt wildebeests.
These are the remains of a giraffe.
"They found four dead adult giraffes in that area." "Lions?" "No. Probably poachers."
The lions brought down a huge giraffe.
They found four more carcasses of giraffes in the area.
They began tracking giraffe herds in the area.
He has studied giraffes for four years.
Giraffes stand at almost five meters tall.
He studies giraffe herds in Ethiopia.
A giraffe can reach speeds of sixty kilometers per hour.
Tom isn't real.
Giraffes can easily outpace lions.
Tom is not real.
Giraffes have very strong legs.
The giraffe kicked the lion quite severely.
The giraffe kicked the lioness quite severely, breaking her jaw.
One kick from a giraffe's hind leg is enough to kill a lion.
They discovered the carcass of an adult giraffe.
How many lions would it take to kill a giraffe?
Giraffes are colossal creatures.
He hopes to film giraffes for the first time.
Giraffes prefer the thick woodlands of the savanna.
He has been filming giraffes for the last four years.
Giraffe's are the largest herbivores in the world.
There are a lot of giraffes in this area.
We're trying to document all the giraffes of this area.
How many giraffe herds are there in this area?
There are a lot of giraffe herds in this area.
We have recorded all the giraffe herds in this area.
Giraffes graze continuously.
Giraffes often sleep standing up.
Tom is sitting over there, just staring out the window.
Giraffes prefer the dense woodlands of the savanna.
Giraffes have killer kicks.
Giraffes have deadly defense methods.
Normally, lions don't attack giraffes.
Giraffes are massive herbivores.
They found a giraffe carcass.
I'm not a believer and an atheist either.
There are four giraffe herds in this area.
The giraffe looked very hungry.
The giraffe looked sick.
This giraffe is sick.
This giraffe has a skin disease.
Giraffes use their speed to escape lions.
The giraffe was laming.
This giraffe has a debilitating illness.
A sick giraffe is more likely to be taken by lions.
The lions cornered the giraffe and attacked it.
The giraffe looked weak and hungry.
The veterinarian examined the carcass of the giraffe.
Giraffes reach almost six meters tall.
I only ate sweets and fruits.
The giraffe had an oozing infected sore in the ear.
The continued to survey the giraffe herd.
The lions were sizing up the giraffe.
The lions attacked a colossal adult giraffe.
The giraffe was running.
The giraffe was walking along the river bank.
The giraffe couldn't build up enough speed to outpace the lions that were chasing it.
Giraffes like acacia trees.
Giraffes have an elongated shape.
This is a very dangerous place for a giraffe.
Giraffes are tall and heavy animals.
The giraffe is here.
The lionesses got close to the giraffe.
The lionesses ambushed the giraffe.
The safari guide took us to an area where we could see giraffes.
The giraffe looked sick and was stumbling around.
Giraffes are big animals.
Giraffes have become more endangered.
Giraffes are at risk.
I'll be going to the zoo with my children next weekend.
The giraffe is the tallest mammal on the planet.
Giraffes are born fighters.
Giraffes are tall and majestic creatures.
There is still so much to learn from giraffes.
Giraffes are very beautiful.
The horn-like protuberances giraffes have on the top of their heads are called ossicones.
Just like her dad, Skura loves giraffes.
Giraffes hum at low frequencies.
Scientists have no idea why giraffes hum.
Male giraffes fight with their necks.
Julius Caesar brought a giraffe to Europe.
Giraffes are gentle creatures.
Giraffes don't have mating seasons.
A giraffe's gestation period can last for up to days.
Giraffes are such amazing animals.
Giraffes are tall mammals that live in Africa.
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world.
Giraffes are famous for their long necks.
"Where do giraffes live?" "In Africa."
Africa is the only continent where giraffes live in the wild.
How many giraffes live in the wild?
The number of giraffes living in the wild has been going down.
It's illegal to hunt giraffes.
Have you ever seen a giraffe at the zoo?
The tongue of a giraffe can be as long as twenty inches.
What do giraffes eat?
Giraffes only eat plants.
Baby giraffes are called calves.
A giraffe is a herbivore.
Most giraffes only need about thirty minutes of sleep per day.
Giraffes usually sleep standing up.
"What are baby giraffes called?" "Calves."
"What are adult male giraffes called?" "Bulls."
A giraffe has a distinctive look.
A giraffe neck vertebra can be five inches long.
Male giraffes use their necks to fight.
Giraffes are beautiful.
We all know that giraffes are tall.
I wouldn't want to do that unless you did it with me.
Giraffes only eat leaves.
Giraffes have spotted coats.
The giraffe ooze chemicals from its skin to keep insects away.
Giraffes don't sweat to cool down.
Giraffes don't pant to cool down.
Unlike dogs, giraffes don't pant to cool down.
A giraffe is a crazy-looking animal.
Let's feed the giraffes.
What do you know about giraffes?
Giraffes can eat leaves and buds from tree tops.
A giraffe's hear is exceptionally strong.
Giraffes and humans have the same number of neckbones.
Male giraffes use their necks to fight over females.
Giraffes sleep standing up.
Giraffe populations are vulnerable.
Giraffes are found only in sub-Saharan Africa.
Giraffes have powerful hearts.
Giraffes are unique animals.
I was going to tell you that yesterday, but I forgot to.
I think that I'll be able to do that faster on my own.
I don't think I'll be able pay all my bills this month.
Tom swore he didn't tell anybody our secret.
Tom swore that he didn't tell anybody our secret.
Tom swore he didn't tell anyone our secret.
Tom swore that he didn't tell anyone our secret.
Tom is the reason Mary moved to Australia.
You need to eat your vegetables.
I offered to let Tom use my truck tomorrow.
My stomach doesn't hurt anymore.
I've been mentally preparing myself for this for a long time.
You learn a lot about yourself when you do something like that.
You could incriminate yourself if you aren't careful.
You could incriminate yourself if you're not careful.
I think Tom probably knows what's going on.
Who could've drunk the juice in that glass?
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
I was criticized for doing that.
Tom got kicked out of the bar for fighting.
Since in this organization they're all managers, it's a wonder any decisions get made.
Tom introduced himself to everybody in the room.
Tom won't be able to fix everything by himself.
Tom walked over to Mary and introduced himself.
Tom told me that he wanted to change his name.
I have a friend who can help you.
This isn't a fish.
Tom saved himself by jumping out of the window.
I had some help doing this.
Nobody helped me do this.
No one helped me do this.
I wish that someone had helped me do this.
I wish someone had helped me do this.
I wish that somebody had helped me do this.
I wish somebody had helped me do this.
I don't think that I'll be able pay all my bills this month.
Tom let himself in using the key I'd given him.
Eat the fish.
This is how we cook fish here.
How much fish did you catch?
Tom didn't sing the song we requested.
Algeria's economy relies heavily on oil.
Sonatrach is the company that extracts, refines and exports Algerian oil.
Algeria has been talking about diversifying its economy for decades.
Algeria needs to start diversifying its economy.
You need to reset your password.
Tom has just got himself into a lot of trouble.
Algeria needs socioeconomic reforms.
He did not know that I understood Berber.
Tom swore to himself he'd never do that again.
Twitter is Trump's preferred media of communication.
Tom swore to himself that he'd never do that again.
Algeria needs to develop its non-oil industries.
Algeria's real source of power is its oil wells.
Algeria needs reforms.
Tom said that he was ready to turn himself in.
Tom has tried to kill himself more than once.
I think that Tom probably knows what's going on.
Tom came over to visit us last night.
How much money has gone missing in Algeria.
I worked as a journalist in Algeria four decades ago.
How could a racist and backward person like Naima Salhi be elected to the Algerian parliament?
Tom wouldn't tell me anything about himself.
Where is Algeria's stolen money?
We will never let them destroy Algeria.
He didn't get on the bus.
When the bus stopped, he didn't get on it and he walked on.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria became a corrupt country.
The Bouteflika regime turned Algeria into a mafia state.
Tom says that his teachers hate him.
The company is registered in Algeria.
This oil company is registered in Algeria.
They set up a secret company in Algeria.
They embezzled the profits of many Algerian companies.
Bouteflika was ousted in 2019.
Bouteflika was forced to resign in 2019.
Said Bouteflika was arrested in 2019.
How much money has been stolen in Algeria?
The money was transferred to Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, the government was run by corrupt officials.
They were laundering money in Algeria.
He was in Algeria in early 2004.
The money didn't come from Germany, but from Algeria.
The money came from Algeria.
The money was coming from Algeria.
They were laundering the dirty money in Algeria.
Does Algeria have Islamic banks?
They deposited the money in an Algerian bank.
I still sometimes think about how things could've been.
They opened a bank account in Algeria.
Do you have a bank account in Algeria?
No Algerian official should be above the law.
Many ex-Algerian officials are on the run.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was being robbed under the nose of the authorities.
He was happy to talk about Algeria.
He was happy to talk about his investments in Algeria.
He was happy to talk about his life in Algeria.
Some Algerian officials are on the run in Western Europe.
Tom hanged himself with a sheet in his cell.
Does Algeria have an anticorruption bureau?
Algerian corrupt officials need to be brought to justice.
This building is owned by a company based in Algeria.
This company has branches in Algeria.
They formed a company in Algeria.
They're making money in Algeria.
Billions of dollars were stolen in Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was looted by its political elite.
Billions of dollars have disappeared in Algeria.
Mary found a long blonde hair on Tom's jacket.
Some corrupt Algerian officials are in hiding in Western Europe.
Tom hasn't washed his hair in weeks.
He started a new company in Algeria.
Tom cut himself when he was chopping onions.
I don't really expect Tom to change his mind.
Tom found a place to live in Boston.
Tom will have to find that out by himself.
I'll probably tell Tom that I can't do that.
Tom and Mary were talking about you.
Tom wasn't able to fix the car by himself.
Tom's girlfriend is very beautiful.
I haven't yet watched the videos that you recommended.
Tom needs to learn how to control himself.
I haven't heard anything back from Tom yet.
Tom is looking for a place to rent.
Tom killed himself without leaving a note.
Tom hasn't been around much lately.
The man introduced himself as Tom Jackson.
It's important for me to get feedback about what I do.
I haven't received any messages from Tom.
But I refuse.
Tom has come back home from Boston.
I remember giving her the key.
The man identified himself as Tom Jackson.
I don't think that Tom would notice that.
I remember that I gave her the key.
Tom's girlfriend is really pretty.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and error.
Tom was sitting in the corner by himself.
Tom will win the contest, I think.
Tom tried to introduce himself in French.
The quality is not the same as it used to be.
My parents won't be at home this weekend.
You'll just embarrass yourself.
Do yourself a favor and get out of here now.
Give yourself a pat on the back.
You're going to hurt yourself if you're not careful
If not for yourself, then do it for me.
Tom hasn't even read one page yet.
I think that that question is inappropriate.
I think that question is inappropriate.
I haven't yet watched the videos you recommended.
Tom said he was ready to turn himself in.
You'll never be another Sherlock Holmes.
I don't think Tom would notice that.
Tom asked to be picked up at 2:30.
Tom said that he wouldn't help anybody.
The rabbit, as a rule, is bigger than a rat.
We finally got to Boston just before midnight.
Tom checked himself into a rehab center.
Tom said he found this difficult.
I hadn't even thought about that possibility.
Tom turned himself in three days later.
Tom asked Mary politely to budge up.
Tom asked Mary politely to scoot over.
She doesn't need any advice.
He doesn't need any advice.
I haven't heard from Tom in weeks.
Tom needs to see to a specialist.
I usually sleep on the bus on my way home.
Summer is hot.
That child is Edward's son.
Tom told me a little bit about himself.
The ship sailed over the water.
He washed his hands and his feet.
The wolf ate the bone.
He gave the thing to the king.
Do you know who Tom's roommate is?
Tom hasn't brushed his teeth yet.
I thought that that video was really funny.
Tom has locked himself in the bathroom.
Why was the dog following Tom?
Maybe it is true.
So what are you saying, he's an artist?
Tom hasn't been outside all week.
I haven't been on a train for a long time.
Tomorrow's rubbish day.
Tom defended himself the best he could.
Tom hasn't been back there since.
It happened by chance.
We spent the afternoon window shopping.
Tom needs to learn to protect himself.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.
I caught Tom reading my diary.
Tom got another dog for his kids.
Tom doesn't consider himself handsome.
Jack and Jill are siblings.
I could hear Tom talking.
Tom acted like he was interested.
Giraffes feast on acacia leaves.
I thought that that was really strange.
Tom didn't tell us much about himself.
Don't buy flowers for yourself. Let somebody else buy them for you.
I don't give you more money.
Tom will have to do this for me.
I haven't been back to Australia since.
Tom couldn't bring himself to do that.
Don't buy flowers for yourself. Let someone else buy them for you.
Tom hasn't done anything for me.
Tom kept that information to himself.
I assume that you have no intention of going ahead with our arrangement?
That man is the king.
The wolf ate the king.
Tom shouldn't exert himself.
- That's groundless, Your Honor.
If you want to get yourself a new hat, then go ahead and get one.
Tom hasn't been over in a while.
The dead shall rise up again!
Life was better in the olden days.
Tom doesn't want to take the pills.
Did you tell on me?
Did you get anything for me?
Did you really think I was the one who did that?
Did you really think I wouldn't do that?
Did you really think that I wouldn't do that?
I thought that video was really funny.
Did you really think that I wouldn't tell Tom?
Did you really think I wouldn't tell Tom?
Have you found someone to replace me?
Could you explain the situation to me?
Did you hear about what happened to me?
Do you want to go to Australia with me?
Why did he write that?
Did you really think that I wouldn't notice?
Did you really think I was the one who stole your bicycle?
Did you really think I was the one slashed your tires?
He went to school to learn how to program.
Do you really think I'm the one who should do that?
He went there to study music.
He went there two years ago.
He went to bed at midnight.
He went to the beach last week.
Do you really think that I'm the one who should do that?
He went out to look for something to eat.
He went for three weeks without shaving before his wife complained.
He went fishing, but didn't catch anything.
Did you really think that I was the one slashed your tires?
He went downtown to do shopping.
He went down the river on a rubber raft.
She went bonkers.
Did you really think that I was the one who stole your bicycle?
He brought way too much food, so there was some left over.
He wasn't ready to die.
He wasn't injured in the train wreck.
She wasn't injured in the train wreck.
He wasn't afraid of death.
Do you really think I'm the one who should help Tom?
He wasn't able to swim.
He wasn't able to pass the examination.
He wasn't able to find a place to park.
She washes clothes at least once a week.
Do you really think that I'm the one who should help Tom?
He was well prepared for the exam.
He was wearing a white hat.
He was watching what was happening very carefully.
He was walking in the park with nothing on his mind.
He was very attached to the ring that his father had given him.
He was up until about 2:a.m. reading a book.
He was up late last night studying.
Did you really think that I was lying?
He was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
He was unable to decide who he should vote for.
He was too short to reach the top shelf.
Did you really think I was lying?
He was told to abstain from smoking and drinking.
He was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
He was the only person in the room at the time.
She was the only person in the room at the time.
She was the last to arrive.
He was the last person to finish eating.
She was the last person to finish eating.
He was the last person I expected to see there.
He was the last person I expected to see here.
He was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
He was taken prisoner.
She was taken prisoner.
He was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
He was suddenly overcome by fear.
Do you really think that I'm the one who makes the rules?
He was struck by lightning and died.
Tom will go to the dance by himself.
Do you really think I'm the one who makes the rules?
He was still there this time last year.
He was speaking to some neighbors.
He was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his guitar.
He was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
He was shot by a firing squad.
He was seen stealing apples from the neighbor's tree.
Why am I always the one who has to do everything?
He was reported missing two weeks ago.
She was reported missing two weeks ago.
Why am I always the one who has to do everything around here?
He was released from the hospital last month.
He was released from prison last month.
He was really mad.
He was put in jail.
He was often late for school.
She was lucky.
He was looking at some girls in bikinis.
He was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
She was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
He was late for work again this morning.
He was killed in a train accident.
He was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
He was killed by lightning.
He was killed by his own gang members.
He was killed by a hired assassin.
He was just trying to help.
He was in his late thirties.
He was in his early thirties.
He was here last week on a business trip.
He was in a hurry this morning.
He was in a coma.
He was hurt in a traffic accident.
He was hiding in the mountains.
He was hiding behind the door.
He was hiding behind a bush.
He was here just a moment ago.
She was here a while ago.
He was going to be transferred there, but they decided to fire him instead.
He was given a blood transfusion.
She was given a blood transfusion.
He was found guilty.
They were forced to resign.
He was extraordinarily handsome.
They were executed.
He was every inch a gentleman.
He was eaten by a crocodile.
He was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
She was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where she stayed.
Don't blame yourself for what happened. It wasn't your fault.
Tom can't do anything right now.
I find this kind of work very tedious.
Tom needs to start behaving himself.
If you find yourself in near my house, drop by for a visit.
Tom says his teachers hate him.
We're well aware of what's happening.
Tom raised his children by himself.
You need to ask yourself what's best for your children.
Tom's teachers don't like him.
I thought that that was really weird.
Tom needs to pull himself together.
I thought that was really weird.
You've got to change your life.
Did you really think that I was the one who did that?
You shouldn't have put yourself in that situation.
Did you really think I was the one who painted this picture?
Did you really think that I was the one who painted this picture?
Tom found a snake in his tent.
The train was late, but I still got to work on time.
Sometimes I get ahead of myself.
You have to pick it up yourself.
I drank out of your glass by mistake.
The food has arrived.
The food's here.
Tom covered himself with a blanket.
Do it yourself or hire somebody to do it for you.
Tom didn't seem too concerned.
The police found blood on the chair.
Tom considers himself good-looking.
I tried to convince myself that I hadn't done anything wrong.
Do it yourself or hire someone to do it for you.
Tom admitted he killed my cat.
I thought that that was really cool.
Tom went into the cave by himself.
I looked for something that I could use to defend myself.
Authorities in Australia say heavy rain could extinguish all of the fires in New South Wales state by the end of the week.
Parts of eastern Australia have seen their heaviest downpours in more than years.
Australia is a land of extremes.
Some towns have gone from drought to flood in a day as heavy rain has fallen in New South Wales, and parts of Queensland.
A huge bushfire south of Sydney that burned for more than days and destroyed homes has finally been put out.
The virus is believed to have emerged late last year at a seafood market in the city of Wuhan that was illegally selling wildlife.
Wuhan is the capital of Hubei.
Do you sometimes talk out loud to yourself?
The Vietnamese government ordered the lock down of a village of 10,people Thursday, official media reported, making it the first country except China to impose a mass quarantine.
In Japan, officials say an 80-year woman who died in a hospital on the outskirts of Tokyo has become the nation's first coronavirus fatality.
The Diamond Princess has been under quarantine since last week following word that a former passenger who had disembarked in Hong Kong had tested positive for the disease.
All passengers have been confined to their cabins and will be not be allowed to leave the ship until February 19.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday that a 15th case of the coronavirus has been confirmed in the United States.
Meanwhile, another cruise ship, the Westerdam, finally docked Thursday in the Cambodian port of Sihanoukville, ending a two-week-long saga that saw the ship being turned away by Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and the Philippines due to unsubstantiated fears that someone on board had been infected.
A team of health officials will board the ship to conduct health checks on the 1,passengers and crew members before they will be allowed to disembark.
Yoshiro Mori, president of the organizing committee of this year's Tokyo Olympics, told reporters Thursday the committee is not considering either postponing or canceling the Games, which begins in July.
Tom admitted that he killed my cat.
Tom's enthusiasm was obvious.
I looked for something I could use to defend myself.
I thought that was really cool.
I tried to convince myself I hadn't done anything wrong.
I think that that's kind of strange.
I blame myself for this.
I blame myself for most of this.
I blame myself for a lot of this.
I blame myself for a lot of what happened.
I blame myself for what happened to you.
Tom wanted to handle that himself.
I blame myself for a lot of what has happened.
You're working for yourself, aren't you?
Tom hasn't said anything yet.
I haven't heard anything about that.
Tom needs to stand up for himself.
You're making yourself at home, I see.
Tom got his kids another dog.
I think that this is inappropriate.
Tom looks really proud of himself.
I swore to myself that I'd never do that again.
You won't be able to protect yourself.
Tom seems to want something from us.
Tom asked me not to help you.
Step one is to determine whether it's something that really needs to be done.
Step one is to jot down a few key points that you want to talk about.
Step one is to decide what order you're going to do things.
Step one is to ask yourself what needs to be done.
Step one is to admit that you've got a problem.
Step one is to come up with a plan.
Step one is to clean off your desk.
Step one is to assemble your team.
Step one is to create a plan.
Step one is to collect data.
Step one is not to panic.
Step one is to relax.
This towel stinks.
This towel smells.
This towel is dirty.
This towel is stinky.
Take your stinky towels away.
His towels always stink.
These towels are clean.
This is a clean towel.
She dried herself with a towel.
He was washing his towels.
He ordered new towels.
He washes his towels after every use.
Wash your towels properly.
He washed his towels in super hot water.
He washed his towels properly.
He washed each towel in hot water.
He washed the towel twice.
This towel feels rough.
These towels feel soft.
Leave the towels here.
This towel has a nasty smell.
He washes his towels every week.
This towel smells new.
This towel has a flowery smell.
This towel smells like you just washed it.
The towel got wet.
He smelt her towel.
He smelt the towel.
The towel was wet.
All the towels are wet.
All the towels are wet and smelly.
He dried his dog with a towel.
He washes his towels with natural products.
Don't use laundry detergent to wash these towels.
He washes his towels with this laundry detergent.
He put the towels into the washing machine.
This towel has a strange odor.
He washed his towels in very hot water.
These towels really smell bad.
When towels smell bad, this means that there's so much bacteria in them.
His towels always smell fresh.
These towels feel nice and soft.
He washed his towels with odor cleanse.
Wash your towels with odor cleanse.
The towels are dry.
He washes his towels once a week.
How many towels do you have?
If you wash your towels with this odor cleanse, you're not going to regret it.
He was folding his towels.
He was folding the towels.
This towel smells disgusting.
This towel smells moldy.
These towels are moist.
This towel smells yucky.
This towel has a yucky smell.
This towel feels moist.
This towel smells so gross.
Smell this towel.
Feel this towel.
"Smell this towel." "Yuck!"
"Smell this towel." "Yuck! Digusting!"
Where are my towels?
Where are all the towels?
He's done washing his towels.
This towel has a mildew smell.
The towels have completely dried.
This towel smells amazingly fresh.
This towel smells amazing.
Where's my bath towel?
This towel is beautiful.
Wash this towel with light colors.
These towels are very absorbent.
This towel has light spots.
This towel has dark spots.
These towels always keep their shape.
These towels could last for years.
Whose towel is this?
This towel isn't mine.
He bought a towel.
You need to take care of your towels.
You need to wash your towels prior to their first use.
This is a cotton towel.
Wash your towels thoroughly.
Is this a cotton towel?
Wash these towels with a simple detergent.
This detergent isn't suitable for microfiber towels.
This detergent makes towels smell good.
This towel smells good.
These towels are supposed to be clean and dry.
I've decided to tell Tom that I love Mary.
I've decided to tell Tom I love Mary.
These towels are safe to bleach.
Are these towels safe to bleach?
I use bleach to disinfect my towels.
He damaged his towels with bleach.
The bleach damaged my towels.
Wash microfiber towels with emulsifiers.
You can fold these towels so easily.
He only owns four towels.
He uses paper towels.
He washed his towels in cold water.
Don't use fabric softener to wash these towels.
He accidentally bleached his towels.
I don't like blue towels.
I think that four towels is enough for one person.
This towel has three tags on it.
This towel is much easier to fold.
The towel smells.
The towels smell.
The towels are in the washing machine.
I love the way these towels feel.
These towels don't absorb water well.
This towel absorbs water a lot better.
These towels air-dry very quickly.
Wash these towels separately.
I hate waffle weave towels.
Use a waffle weave towel.
This towel is too thin.
This towel is perfect.
Use a regular towel.
This towel is lovely.
I bought this lovely towel in Algeria.
This towel is made in Algeria.
I really love this towel.
"I really love this towel." "Keep it."
"I really love this towel." "Keep it." "Oh, thank you!"
These towels are disposable.
These microfiber towels are disposable.
Please fold the towels.
This towel is so warm.
Fold the towel in half.
How do you fold this towel?
Don't fold the towels like that.
I need to fold the towels.
This is my face towel.
These towels are great.
I keep my face and bath towels side by side.
The face towel is on the hook.
This is a really big towel.
This is a hand towel.
I have a hand towel, a face towel, and a bath towel.
I have a big towel.
This is the only white towel I have.
The towels are on the shelf.
The towel looks nice.
The towel looks really nice.
He rolled up the towel.
His towels are taking a lot of space in the closet.
The giraffe is the world's tallest animal.
Giraffes are easy to identify.
Giraffes have long and skinny legs.
Giraffes can reach leaves that other animals can't.
Giraffes can reach leaves that other herbivores can't.
Giraffes were feeding on acacia leaves.
He was admiring the giraffes.
The giraffe swung its head and hit the lioness.
Giraffes can reach leaves other animals can't.
He was attacked by a giraffe.
He was attacked by a huge male giraffe.
Giraffes live in open woodlands.
Giraffes live in semi-arid open woolands.
Giraffes don't have territories.
Giraffes live in groups called towers.
Giraffes are considered to be quiet animals.
Scientists think that giraffes use infrasound to communicate over long distances.
He was trampled to death by a giraffe.
Giraffe are calm gentle giants.
The giraffe swung its huge muscular neck and hit the lioness.
The giraffe kicked the lioness.
The giraffe trampled the hyena to death.
Giraffes can outrun humans.
He was fatally injured by a giraffe.
The giraffe got startled by a passing motorbike.
Giraffes are generally peaceful animals.
A giraffe won't hesitate to attack you if it feels threatened.
Giraffes have a good color vision.
He was killed by a giraffe bull.
He was kicked by a giraffe bull.
You need to keep a safe distance from the giraffes.
The giraffe spread its legs and swung its neck at the lioness.
The giraffe never took its eyes off our car.
We sat around the fire.
The bull giraffe never took eyes eyes off our car.
I thought that was really strange.
Some giraffes reach a height of more than seventeen feet.
Giraffes live south of the Sahara desert.
Giraffes are plant eaters.
Giraffes travel in herds called towers.
Giraffes eat standing up.
Giraffes have their babies while standing up.
Giraffes only have seven bones in their necks.
Male giraffes fight by swinging their necks at each other.
Giraffes are not as common as they used to be.
There are different subspecies of giraffes.
These are different types of giraffes.
This is a reticulated giraffe.
Giraffes aren't man eaters.
He's involved in giraffe conservation.
They set up a sanctuary for the giraffes.
Giraffes have large expressive eyes.
Giraffes are incredible creatures.
Giraffes are highly endangered in some places of Africa.
He travels to Ethiopia to see giraffes in their home.
Why do bull giraffes fight?
Why do male giraffes fight?
Giraffes consume copious amounts of acacia leaves.
Bull giraffes fight with their necks.
Giraffes have thick skin.
Male giraffes become darker as they age.
Bull giraffes become darker as they age.
The giraffe stood still.
Giraffes have pretty strong body odor that deters mosquitos.
Giraffes have pretty strong body odor that repels mosquitos.
Giraffes have ticks.
Tom found himself a part-time job.
The giraffe has a tongue as long as a French loaf.
Giraffes are elegant.
This book contains interesting facts about giraffes.
An adult male giraffe can grow up to 5.meters high.
Giraffes can see predators from a long distance away.
Giraffes can see approaching prodators from a long distance away.
A giraffe can see a predator that's approaching from a long distance away.
Giraffes spend most of their time eating.
Giraffes eat up to kilograms of leaves a day.
Giraffes eat a lot.
Giraffes don't drink much water.
Giraffes only need to drink once every few days.
Giraffes roam in groups called towers.
We had less snow than usual last winter.
Giraffe herds are led by an adult male called a bull.
A female giraffe is called a cow.
What country's flag is that?
Giraffe fights are called necking.
Giraffe fights aren't really dangerous.
Lions are the only natural predators giraffes have.
Young giraffes are called calves.
A female giraffe would do anything to protect its calf.
My friends and I seldom talk about politics.
A female giraffe gives birth by standing up.
I can't imagine myself getting into a fight.
When a baby giraffe is born, it drops six feet to the ground but it doesn't get hurt.
A giraffe may live up to years.
In captivity, a giraffe may live up to years old.
A giraffe weighs approximately a ton.
Giraffes from the same area appear similar.
Both male and female giraffes have horns called ossicones.
I usually go shopping on Mondays.
Like all ruminants, giraffes have four stomachs.
Giraffes have long rough tongues.
Giraffes can run extremely fast.
Giraffes are fairly agile.
Giraffes can outrun lions.
Giraffes can see danger from a distance.
The front legs of a giraffe are longer than its hind legs.
You're the only real friend that I have.
You're the only real friend I have.
You're my only true friend.
There are around ninety thousand giraffes in the wild today.
You're an engineer, aren't you?
Do you want this one or that one?
You're as big as me.
You're as big as I am.
As for me, I don't trust Tom at all.
As far as I know, Tom can be trusted.
I tasted the soup that Tom made.
I tasted the soup Tom made.
You don't know French very well, do you?
You don't know Boston very well, do you?
Google it and find out for yourself.
Tom's dog didn't bark at me.
They were filming giraffes.
The baby giraffe was learning to walk.
They're studying giraffes in Ethiopia.
Giraffes are protected in this area.
There are no giraffes in Algeria.
Don't feed the giraffes.
Giraffes are gentle animals.
He feeds the giraffes every day.
There are only a few hundred giraffes left in this area.
I think that that's kind of weird.
It's showtime.
Nobody's died yet.
Nobody's died.
No one's died yet.
No one's died.
Algeria's real source of power is its oil.
Tom needed some time for himself.
Algeria has a large Berber-speaking population.
They've escaped.
Tom and Mary have escaped.
I swore to myself I'd never do that again.
Tom wanted to see what was in Mary's house.
Tom wanted to look around Mary's house.
You just have to apply yourself.
We're number one.
Move back.
"How many pumpkins do you want?" "Three, please."
I hate bats.
Do something.
Back off, Tom.
Clear the way.
That guy over there looks just like Tom.
Take this stuff away.
Get over there.
Today Algeria is an independent country.
Hold your horses. I'm coming.
Today isn't subordinate to any country in the world.
It belongs here.
That was a slick move.
Algeria is independent and it's not subordinate to any country in the world.
I got cut off.
Give me my phone.
Algeria is an Islamic country.
This is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
Transsexualism is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
Homosexuality is a taboo subject in Algeria.
Sex change is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
Tom seemed somewhat curious.
Are human rights being respected in Algeria?
The coast guard discovered two more survivors hiding in a nearby cave.
There is still much work to be done in Algeria.
I agree that there is still much work to be done in Algeria.
Berber has made great strides in Algeria.
The Berber language has made great strides in Algeria.
Berber is making great strides in Algeria.
No person is superior to the law.
The Berber language is making great strides in Algeria.
This is modern day Algeria.
Algeria is here to stay and its enemies will have to accept that.
Algeria is surrounded by unstable countries.
He moved to Algeria to study Berber.
They want to establish an Islamic state in Algeria.
I think that she has magic powers. If you saw her, you'd do anything for her.
You're a lorry driver, aren't you?
Tom made himself a cup of coffee.
This is an achievement.
Tom got back home on Monday.
This is an opportunity.
Tom went down to the basement to see what was wrong with the furnace.
This is no simple task.
Tom had to walk there by himself.
This is personal to me.
Tom found a fly in his soup.
This is quite damaging.
This is really unusual.
Tom considers himself very smart.
This is such a sad day.
Tom hasn't voted in years.
This is wonderful news.
That was fairly obvious.
Tom should stand up for himself.
This is a crucial point.
A flail is a weapon.
The company is based here in Algeria.
She told her a joke.
He flew from Germany to the closest location to Algeria, Tunisia.
He got to Algeria before she did.
He arrived in Algeria from Germany.
Skura also arrived in Algeria from Germany.
He planned his return to Algeria via Germany.
He stayed in Algeria for four weeks.
He arrived in Algeria in April 2004.
He traveled on an Algerian passport.
He traveled on Algerian passport under an alias.
She's an Algerian businesswoman.
They sailed back to Algeria.
Tom hasn't noticed us yet.
This is a defibrillator.
Algeria isn't a "very fragile" country.
Tom needs to believe in himself.
Algeria is a close ally of both Russia and China.
Algeria has no problems with the West.
Algeria isn't going to collapse.
Algeria won't collapse.
The Algerian nation won't collapse.
The Algerian nation isn't going to collapse.
I want to watch the video.
This is a labor of love.
The two countries officially opened diplomatic relations in 1962.
Tom hasn't eaten anything.
Algeria isn't a monarchy.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's vast wealth was squandered.
I eat beans.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria spent too much money and quickly. Billions of dollars were also looted by corrupt officials.
This is a mystery to us.
Bouteflika was obviously unfit to rule Algeria.
Bouteflika did everything he could to maintain himself in power.
Tom was coughing.
When was television introduced to Algeria?
Can Tebboune make things better in Algeria?
Can Tebboune make Algeria a better place?
Can Tebboune make Algeria a better country?
Can Tebboune make Algeria great again?
Make Algeria great again.
Make Algeria great again!
In 2019, Algeria suffered a crisis of leadership.
Let's make Algeria great again!
Algeria is a full partner of China.
Tom is ready to turn himself in.
She stayed in Algeria.
Young Algerians need jobs, not mosques and bars.
Algerians aren't xenophobic.
Are women allowed to drive in Algeria?
Skura was also from Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of Algeria's most famous writers.
Idir is one of Algeria's most iconic sinders.
This time, we're going to Algeria.
Algeria is in northern Africa.
He was born and raised in Algeria when it was controlled by the French.
This is a new beginning.
Oran is a coastal town in northern Algeria.
Kamel Daoud is an Algerian writer.
Kamel Daoud is an Algerian novelist.
Kamel Daoud was born in Algeria.
In the inner circles of the Bouteflika regime, no one knew how decisions were made.
In the 1990's, things went from bad to worse in Algeria.
Algeria has arm deals with Russia and China.
Algeria purchases arms from Russia.
Algeria purchases weapons from Russia and China.
Algeria and Morocco would never agree on anything.
Algeria should be less dependent on oil.
Algeria is pushing to diversify its economy.
Algeria is spending an enormous amount of money on education.
Algeria should maintain its ties to France.
Empire means power.
Tom drank out of my glass.
This is a temporary fix.
Algeria is a vibrant society.
Algeria has its problems like any other country.
Is Algeria facing economic collapse?
Is Algeria's economy collapsing?
Algeria's economy is not in collapse.
Algeria should become less dependent on oil and gas.
Algeria has a relatively high unemployment rate.
When was oil discovered in Algeria?
When was oil found in Algeria?
Algeria is heavily dependent on oil.
Algeria is heavily dependent on oil exports.
Tom hid himself behind the sofa.
The Bouteflika regime threw money around for two decades to quieten any social unrest.
The Algerian government quietens social unrest with social spending.
Does Algeria need shale oil to develop its economy?
This is about all of us.
Let's talk about the situation in Algeria.
I think things will be fine in Algeria.
In terms of diplomacy, Algeria is a master chess player.
What's this going to mean to the Algerian consumer?
Algeria is experiencing an economic recession.
Algeria is planning to relocate its capital to the town of Boughezoul.
I didn't go there myself. I sent Tom.
Boughezoul will become the new capital of Algeria.
Algiers is the center of everything in Algeria.
Tom didn't know but was confident that the answer would come.
When will Algeria move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria move its capital to Boughezoul?
Land speculation is very common in Algiers.
Algiers is a business center.
This is about to change.
Boughezoul, a small Algerian town, will be the nation's new capital.
In Algeria, the currency is the dinar.
Algeria's currency is the dinar.
The Algerian dinar has lost a lot of its value lately.
Algeria is in the middle of an economic crisis.
In Algeria, recession is everywhere.
Algeria is exporting farm goods.
Does Algeria need to borrow abroad?
Tom can't hurt me anymore.
Algeria has beautiful landscapes.
This is all a bit silly.
He's rotting in a prison in Algeria.
Tom cut himself chopping onions.
Ali Dilem is one of Algeria's most famous cartoonists.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria had a corrupt government.
Many ex-Algerian officials are banned from leaving the country.
Under Bouteflika, billions of dollars were siphoned off by corrupt officials.
This is as it should be.
Several ex-Algerian officials are facing charges for corruption and money laundering.
Several ex-Algerian officials are facing charges for abusive power.
He's a young Algerian translator.
Tom bought some groceries.
Under Bouteflika, the concentration of power led to abusive power.
This is called genocide.
We have seen how, under the Bouteflika regime, the concentration of power led to abusive power.
Under Bouteflika, the Algerian government lost all credibility.
Organized crime is making millions in Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, officials made millions of dirty cash.
I call Algeria home.
I call Algiers home.
"This is Algiers." "This is home."
They know everything about Algeria.
Algeria needs structural reforms.
Algeria needs more structural reforms.
Algeria needs urgent structural reforms.
Algeria needs to restructure its economy.
Ali ate the Noah's Pudding his neighbor brought.
Algeria needs to boost economic growth.
Foreign investment is crucial to the Algerian economy.
Can Algeria become a top-twenty world economy?
Ali ate the Ashure his neighbor brought.
Tom works at night and Mary works during the day, so they seldom see each other.
Algeria needs some structural reforms.
This is called progress.
How many young people enter the Algerian labor market every year?
Algeria has fallen into recession.
Tom considers himself a failure.
This is going to be big.
Tom asked me not to leave.
This is good news to me.
Tom asked me to do that by myself.
This is just outrageous.
Tom's girlfriend is cute.
Nations are socially constructed.
This is just ridiculous.
The Klingon word for Algeria has yet to be revealed.
Tom asked me about that himself.
The Klingon word for Morocco is "maghrIb."
The Klingon word for Egypt is "maSIr."
This is my first cruise.
The Klingon word for Libya is "lIbya'."
Tom told me to believe in myself.
The Klingon word for Syria is "Surya'."
This is my part of town.
Tom's walk is rather ungainly.
How is Algeria containing inflation?
Tom admitted doing it only for money.
Tom said that he was doing that work for pleasure, not for money.
Tom's door wasn't closed.
How many foreign tourists visit Algeria?
This one is much better.
How many young people enter the Algerian job market every year?
Bouteflika became Algeria's super-president.
Algeria is determined to maintain its sovereignty.
Algeria is determined to maintain its independence.
Algeria needs to strengthen its currency.
The Algerian dinar is in danger of a further devaluation.
Algeria's economy is still sick.
The moment you memorize a phone number, it changes on you.
Algeria's economy will take time to heal.
Will the Algerian dinar keep devaluing?
Well inflation rates continue in Algeria?
The Algerian dinar has lost value against the dollar and the euro.
Tom hanged himself in his cell.
Algiers is Algeria's financial center.
More and more investors are turning away from Algeria.
How much did the Algerian dinar lose of its value?
Consumer goods are becoming more expensive in Algeria.
Algeria has a weak currency.
What you think of Algeria, what comes to mind?
I let you down, didn't I?
Algeria needs to attract investments from all over the world.
Algeria's inflation rate is high.
What's Algeria's first trading partner?
What's Algeria's economic freedom score?
Algeria's economic freedom score is terrible.
My mum's the greatest.
My mum's the best.
Algeria needs to protect its borders.
Algeria needs to protect its borders from external threats.
Algeria needs a high international opening.
Algeria needs to develop a high corporate culture.
Tom's door was wide open.
Tension between Algeria and Morocco remains high.
Algeria should develop its agriculture.
Algeria needs modern weapons.
Algeria needs weapons to defend its borders.
Algeria has a lot of raw materials.
The Algerian economy is slowing down.
Algeria is now in a technical recession.
The right time is now.
Where does her granny live?
Where does his granny live?
Algeria's economy is relatively weak.
Is Algeria on the verge of bankruptcy?
Algeria paid off its foreign debt more than a decade ago.
It doesn't matter at all.
Algeria needs technological development.
The Algerian government is generous.
How easy is it to open a business in Algeria?
Hydrocarbons is Algeria's major economic sector.
Algeria needs to invest a lot of money in technology.
Will Algeria become a high-income country?
In the 1970's, Algeria had a thriving tourism industry.
Algeria needs to build more resorts.
Algeria has breathtaking seaside views.
Tom expects a lot from himself.
We didn't have a computer when I was growing up.
Some ex-Algerian officials are banned from traveling.
That was just a PR stunt.
He gave me your phone number.
She gave me your phone number.
How is this going to impact the Algerian economy?
Tom's car wouldn't start.
Huawei is present in Algeria.
The Chinese tech giant Huawei is present in Algeria.
Does Algeria have a 5G network?
This is why we pay taxes.
She gave me his phone number.
Tom devoted himself to his job.
He gave me her phone number.
One year should be enough.
Put yourself in Tom's place.
Every aspect of life now depends on technology.
He's a former Algerian diplomat.
He flew back to Algeria.
This is my favorite place.
Tom would always do that.
Algeria is a strong country.
Algeria is building a very powerful army.
Algeria needs a powerful army.
How many submarines does Algeria have?
Mammeri wrote novels about Algerians.
Mammeri was a gift to Algeria.
Mammeri's novels is a gift to all of Algeria.
Mammeri's work is a gift to all of Algeria.
Mammeri's vision was a vision of a strong modern Berber language.
Mammeri is the father of modern Berber.
Mammeri is one of the fathers of Algeria's contemporary literature.
This is a rare opportunity.
Mammeri's presence still permeates Algeria's cultural scene.
Mammeri is considered as the father of modern Berber.
Mammeri was one of the biggest figures of Algerian literature.
Mammeri is one of Algeria's greatest novelists.
Mouloud Mammeri was a brilliant Algerian writer.
Mammeri is one of the authors that set the pace for contemporary Algerian literature.
Algeria needs to reclaim Mouloud Mammeri.
Tom turned his gun on himself.
Mammeri wrote about Algeria and Algerians.
Mammeri is considered as the Nobel literature prize that Algeria never had.
Mammeri was one of Algeria's most prolific writers.
Mammeri is an Algerian writer.
Mammeri, a famous Algerian writer, started to write in the 1950s.
Algeria will always remember Mammeri.
Everybody should respect Islam.
I'll go the way I'm dressed.
We have to be uncompromising on Algeria's national unity.
We have to be uncompromising on Algeria's territorial integrity.
Algeria needs peace and stability.
Naima Salhi should go to jail for her racist statements.
Many young Berber speakers prefer to communicate in Arabic or French.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie prefer to communicate in French.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak French at home.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak in a Berber-French pidgin.
Many Berber speakers from Kabylie speak and even write a Berber-French pidgin.
This may determine the fate of the Berber language.
This is a beautiful Berber song.
The Berber language endures.
The Berber language is flourishing again.
Tom will understand this.
We're encouraging our children to learn Berber.
Berber should be compulsory as a subject for all Algerian pupils.
He's now able to speak Berber.
I was speaking Berber.
He spoke in the Berber language.
Salas and Skura spoke in Berber.
Berber will never die.
The Berber language will never die.
Berber will never go extinct.
The Berber will never go extinct.
In this area, Berber speakers far outnumber their Arabic counterparts.
I'd choose Berber as he language of my children's education.
He's Berber but he doesn't speak the language.
His parents spoke Berber fluently.
I wish I had that opportunity for me to learn Berber.
I wish I could speak Berber to talk to my grandmother.
She wished she could speak Berber to talk to her mother-in-law.
This is a Berber tongue-twister.
We love the Berber language.
I'm very conscious of my Berber cultural background.
I don't speak Arabic as well as I speak Berber.
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." "Why?" "Because it's my first language."
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." "Why?" "Because it's my mother tongue."
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." "Why?" "Because I don't speak Arabic as well as I speak Berber."
This is all part of the plan.
I'm as Berber as you are.
He never had the opportunity to learn Berber.
He never had the chance to learn Berber.
He only speaks Berber to his children.
You can say anything you want in Berber.
Your Berber is excellent.
She speaks Berber like a native.
They're united by their love for the Berber language.
He's committed to the Berber language.
He speaks Berber at work.
He speaks Berber everywhere.
Do you speak Berber at home?
"What language do you speak at home?" "Berber."
Do you use the Berber language in your everyday life?
Algeria is a bilingual nation.
Do you use Berber with your friends?
Do you use Berber with your teachers?
Do you use the Berber language with your teachers?
Do you use the Berber language with your students?
I grew up in a Berber speaking home.
I come from a Berber speaking home.
I speak Berber outside of school.
I speak Berber at school.
I only speak Berber at school.
I only speak Berber at home.
I only speak Berber in my village.
I prefer to speak Berber.
He uses a lot of Berber with his friends.
Tom struggled to save himself.
Berber is a living language.
He lives in a Berber speaking area.
How important is the Berber language to you?
They're talking in Berber.
They're really proud to speak Berber.
Their first language is going to be Berber.
I want our daughter to be educated in Berber.
I want our daughter to speak Berber.
I want our daughter to learn Berber.
We should encourage pupils to speak Berber at every opportunity.
Speak Berber naturally.
He's from a home where Berber is the first language.
The majority of these pupils are from homes where Berber is the first language.
He teaches mathematics in Berber.
These children come from Berber speaking homes.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber at home.
This will be happening today.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber outside of school.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber naturally.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber with their friends.
Her parents speak Berber.
In Algeria, Kabylie and the Aures mountains are bastions of the Berber language.
This is an area where Berber is the main language.
My son attained fluency in Berber.
I want my children to attain fluency in Berber.
He can speak both Berber and Arabic.
He's rooted in the Berber language.
He sometimes has difficulty switching to Berber.
This lesson is being conducted mainly in Berber.
This lesson is being conducted in Berber.
Here, Berber is required in everyday life.
He knows both Berber and Arabic.
He speaks both Berber and Arabic.
Here, you can't ignore the Berber language.
Naima Salhi harbors a deep hatred towards the Berber language.
What's the future of the Berber language?
The Berber language is developing.
Write Berber properly.
We need to protect the Berber language.
Write the Berber language properly.
He reads Berber books.
He's a good Berber speaker.
I want my kids to be good at Berber.
I want my kids to be good at the Berber language.
I want my kids to be good at both Berber and Arabic.
He's educated in Berber.
He texts his friends in Berber.
Is there a Berber language Facebook?
Does Facebook have a Berber option?
They're chatting in Berber.
He speaks Berber but if someone speaks Arabic to him, he'll speak Arabic back.
Is Facebook available in Berber?
Is Facebook available in the Berber language?
We speak the same language: Berber.
Racists like Naima Salhi and Noureddine Khettal claim that Berber doesn't exist.
You cannot rely on official acknowledgment alone as the salvation of the Berber language.
You cannot rely on official education alone as the salvation of the Berber language.
Tom will never come back.
Giraffes are huge herbivores.
Blesboks live in large herds.
This is a blesbok calf.
The blesbok was chased by a lion.
Giraffes have little to fear from predators except lions.
Fights between male giraffes can be fierce.
Giraffe populations are dwindling.
How do giraffes detect threats?
This is my first camping trip.
Giraffe herds can walk for many days in search of food.
Oxpeckers rid giraffes of their parasites.
The oxpecker attached itself to the giraffe.
Tom is in the cave by himself.
Oxpeckers and giraffes are good friends.
Giraffes are highly social.
Giraffes live in herds and are highly social.
Giraffes are good hosts to oxpeckers.
Giraffes are part of modern day megafauna.
This giraffe was born in captivity.
This giraffe was born in the wild.
This giraffe herd has fourteen individuals.
Giraffes are terrestrial animals.
Giraffes can reach leaves other herbivores can't.
Giraffes spend the majority of their day eating.
There's still food on the table.
Giraffes spend their day eating and socializing.
Giraffes have long powerful necks.
Giraffes have long powerful legs.
Giraffes are wonderful animals.
These giraffes live in the Okavango Delta.
The giraffe is one of Africa's most iconic animals.
Giraffes grow massive.
Tom will lose everything.
How much food does a giraffe need to eat daily?
These two bull giraffes are traveling together.
Giraffes are noble animals.
Giraffes are noble herbivores.
The young giraffes were playfully chasing each other.
Giraffes are large mammals.
There is a high density of giraffes in this area.
This is just a temporary repair.
The lions ran the giraffe to exhaustion.
A giraffe's coat pattern is equivalent to a human's fingerprint.
The giraffe eats acacia leaves.
This bull giraffe is experience in battle.
We saw a UFO.
The giraffe is an icon of the African fauna.
Giraffes are well adapted to life in the savanna.
Tom has bought himself a car.
The giraffe is one of the largest inhabitants of the savanna.
Giraffes can get most of the moisture they need from their food.
The giraffe can go up to three days without drinking.
The giraffe needs to eat around kilograms of food per day.
This is going to be a great help.
The giraffe has a prehensile tongue.
Giraffes live in groups known as journeys.
The two bull giraffes were sizing each other up.
A bull giraffe is massively built.
A sick or wounded giraffe could fall prey to lions.
A giraffe kick is incredibly strong.
A giraffe kick is incredibly powerful.
Are we going to do business in Lithuania?
Tom will be here with me.
This is going to be a lot of fun.
Tom had the house to himself.
This has already happened once before.
Tom went to a specialist.
We can keep doing this if you want to.
This is not a bribe.
Tom found himself a new job.
This is my first time to try water skiing.
Tom went home after that.
This is ten times worse than any pain I've felt before.
Tom himself chose the wine.
Tom was there to help me.
I haven't met the new manager yet.
Tom has to do that himself.
I wish that I didn't look so old myself.
Tom bought a hotdog for me.
Tom bought me a hotdog.
You need to get it by yourself.
Tom always kept to himself.
We might have to wait for months.
Tom wasn't in the house.
I wish that I could've done that myself.
Tom thought that Mary was going to try to kill herself.
You don't look so bad yourself.
Tom was eating by himself.
Tom thought Mary was going to try to kill herself.
I think that that's very bizarre.
Tom isn't a mean person.
I used to ask myself that same question.
Tom set goals for himself.
Please be honest with yourself.
"Why are you talking like that?" "You know exactly why I'm talking like this."
Tom is upstairs playing.
This seems very expensive to me.
Tom said that Mary killed herself.
I'll have to excuse myself early today.
Tom paid for that himself.
Get yourself a pair of glasses.
Tom didn't cry at all.
If you don't have a pen, it's OK to use a pencil.
Tom said Mary killed herself.
My parents left me here all by myself.
Tom himself was ecstatic.
If you see "Success" written on the back of this bag, you'll get another ice cream.
Come over and see for yourself.
Just ask Tom yourself.
I haven't been back there since.
Tom has a big ego.
I'm getting tired of repeating myself.
Tom bought himself a car.
Tom has a high opinion of himself.
Be good to yourself and others.
Tom's plan worked.
Tom found himself a job.
You need to write it yourself.
Tom has been told he's required to do that.
I think that's kind of strange.
Tom has been trying to save a little money.
I wish I didn't look so old myself.
I need to buy Tom something for his birthday.
Be ready to laugh at yourself.
Tom has been a taxi driver for about three years.
I found that really hard to do.
Do I have to answer all these questions?
Whose scissors are these?
Tom has a lot of money, but not many friends.
I went to bed after locking all the doors and windows.
A year has passed since that happened.
I visited Boston for the first time last summer.
Would you mind if we left a little early?
Tom read this book, I think.
Tom has already read this book, I think.
Is it too early to start drinking?
I'll never tell anybody what you just told me.
I'm going to try to persuade Tom to change his mind.
"Where's Tom?" "He's in the kitchen."
"Where's Tom?" "He's at school."
I saw everything that happened.
No one could tell me why that happened.
Nobody could tell me why that happened.
Can you be here by 2:30?
Do you remember that man's name?
What's that man's name?
The girl with the long hair is Mary.
The girl wearing the yellow dress is Mary.
There's only one pillow.
I was disappointed with the results.
I wish I could've done that myself.
I miss Tom, too.
You just need to be yourself.
They weren't at home.
I'd go with you if I didn't have such a bad headache.
I have trouble telling Tom and his brother apart.
It's not easy to get to the North Pole.
Tom's always busy.
Is the denomination "white man" racist?
This seems very strange to me.
Can't you help Tom?
We need to make these decisions for ourselves.
I'm going to Tom's.
I don't see myself getting married.
Tom loves his cats.
Take a good look at yourself.
I don't like Tom's attitude at all.
How was Tom injured?
Today, Tom had to get up very early.
Tom experienced another sleepless night.
Tom said that he didn't know anything about the accident.
Tom dislikes being watched.
Tom turned out to be a very unreliable person.
I think that's kind of weird.
I remember giving Tom the key.
We need to find a way to protect ourselves.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston since.
He's wanted for the assault of a hunter.
Feel free to use it yourself.
This Universe is a mystery.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since then.
The Universe is a mystery.
American bombing of Prague on Valentine's Day was allegedly accidental.
I must've been hallucinating.
I think that it's a possibility.
Tom's dog and my dog don't get along.
We have the rest of the day to ourselves.
Tom found the letters Mary had hidden.
I think that Tom won't know that either.
I'm not too fond of bees myself.
Tom hasn't taken a bath in three days.
Tom asked Mary where she had found the book.
Tom turned thirteen.
Tom turns thirteen the day after tomorrow.
Tom turns thirteen in two days.
I assured Tom that I'd take care of it.
I assured Tom I'd take care of it.
I don't think Tom deserves the promotion.
I told Tom he should eat something.
I had another argument with Tom today.
Don't think only of yourself.
Tom said that he wouldn't help anyone.
Tom said he wouldn't help anyone.
Tom said he wouldn't help anybody.
Tom admitted that the only reason he did that was for the money.
Tom admitted the only reason he did that was for the money.
I tried everything I could to stop Tom.
Tom isn't the type of person to give up.
Tom isn't fully conscious yet.
Tom only has work in mind.
Tom is still not allowed to have visitors.
Tom won't confess even if he was tortured.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary he got fired.
I loathe Tom even more for what he has done to Mary.
That man sitting over there is a famous singer.
Who's the person who just spoke to you?
There weren't many customers in the restaurant.
Tom is in the garden, too.
No one was there except for Tom.
Nobody was there except for Tom.
No one was there but Tom.
Nobody was there but Tom.
Our main campus is downtown.
Tom said that he didn't like my dress.
I wonder what Tom's intent is.
What kind of book are you reading?
What if Tom hurts Mary?
Tom said that he wouldn't go to work on Saturday.
I'm getting good at speaking French.
I'm getting good at understanding French.
How did we get ourselves into this mess?
I curse the day that I met Tom.
I didn't say that I knew how to speak French.
There's water in the glass.
"Look, Tom – I've picked some raspberries. Do you want some?" asked Mary, shoving a few into her raspberry-smeared mouth. Tom grimaced. "It's nice of you to ask," he said, "but I can't stand raspberries. Really sorry, Mary!"
He always has cream with his strawberries.
Tom said that he found this difficult.
This berry's tasty.
What are you doing hiding in the brambles? Picking blackberries?
She refuses to believe him.
Whereas others pick ten berries, she picks ten litres.
He refuses to believe her.
I didn't say I knew French.
I didn't say that I knew French.
That boy is Tom's son.
That girl is Tom's daughter.
That woman over there is Tom's wife.
He finds these places off the beaten track, where no-one else goes, and finds raspberries there.
I can see myself in my children.
That man talking to Tom is Mary's husband.
When he wasn't fishing, he was picking berries.
The quality isn't as high as it used to be.
What would you pay me to do that?
Do you know what your children are doing right now?
Do you know where your children are right now?
It'll be necessary to start all over from the beginning.
We had a lot of fun in Boston.
We had a lot of fun at the zoo.
We need to try to keep things simple.
He's the head chef at the restaurant.
I have a friend who works with Tom.
I have a friend who works in Boston.
I have a friend who works as a truck driver.
I have a friend who's a truck driver.
I'll go buy some snacks.
I really need some money.
Don't you know that guests will be coming?
Don't you know that guests are coming?
Every time something bad happens, I get blamed.
I didn't enjoy studying French.
She'll agree.
I'm sure that Tom will agree.
I cannot imagine sharing an apartment with Tom.
Who ate all the cheese?
I don't think that Tom will like this game.
I don't think Tom will like this game.
They haven't discovered the cause of the problem yet.
I'll never say anything about that again.
Come sit next to me.
Tom asked Mary to make him coffee. She told him to make it himself.
Tom's car is still in the parking lot.
The magnolias are blooming.
I argued with Tom about that.
I was afraid of what might happen.
You'll thank yourself later.
You don't have to come here anymore.
You don't need to come here anymore.
What'll we do if that happens?
You weren't supposed to eat that.
Why are you against the plan?
What don't you like about the plan?
You can have half of this.
I think that's very bizarre.
Tom's school isn't near where he lives.
We had the campsite all to ourselves.
Tom woke up the next day feeling better.
It's perfect, if I do say so myself.
Tom got back to Boston yesterday evening.
I haven't met everybody yet.
Tom told me he wanted to change his name.
We'd better camouflage ourselves.
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a kid.
It helps me to laugh at myself.
Tom hasn't even finished reading one page.
Just pull yourself together.
Tom hasn't said anything to me about that.
I haven't met everyone yet.
Please be honest with yourselves.
Tom wouldn't take the money I offered him.
Since I was the one they saw, they might think I was the one who did that.
I'll clean up this mess myself.
The Universe is limitless.
I'm not fluent in Klingon.
Tom didn't sing the song that we requested.
It's nice to do it yourself.
Tom found the letters that Mary had hidden.
I haven't done this before.
We'd better disguise ourselves.
Tom hasn't been over to my house for weeks.
Come on, I'll show you myself.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary that he got fired.
Arm yourself with knowledge.
I found a good deal online.
In Ancient Greece dying young was considered the "beautiful death" because you die in your prime, and you will forever be remembered as you were.
We had to see to it ourselves.
Tom is spending less time with Mary.
Tom went into the room and closed the door.
Tom is intrigued by the mystery of Kaspar Hauser.
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
This made me smile to myself.
Let's discuss the matter with Tom first.
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.
Tom confided in his friend that he was going to hang himself.
Please believe in yourself.
You're buying.
In nature, nothing is created, nothing is lost, everything is transformed.
We'll never know for sure.
Tom wasn't able to fix the garbage disposal.
Let's not sell ourselves short.
Anything worth doing is worth bungling.
Anything worth doing is worth doing badly.
Tom described the person he saw to the police.
I didn't express myself well.
Tom thinks that he's better than anybody else.
Ask yourself this question.
Tom was talking too fast for me to understand.
We're not ready to leave.
Tom went to the cemetery with his grandmother.
It's time to defend ourselves.
Tom hasn't gotten a haircut since he graduated.
I was really hard on myself.
Tom hasn't uploaded a new video in a long time.
Help me to sit in the wheelchair.
Ask yourself that question.
Tom is afraid something bad is going to happen.
I realized that too late.
Tom is hoping he that can go sailing with Mary.
Please believe in yourselves.
Tom wouldn't take the money that I offered him.
Many nations in Southeast Asia have passed laws against fake news in recent years.
In the internet age, many nations are struggling to deal with false information.
Frankly, I'm curious myself.
An elderly Chinese tourist has died in France from the coronavirus.
The 80-year-old man, who died in Paris, is the first person in Europe to die due to complications from the virus.
The first African coronavirus infection has been reported in Egypt.
Clean money has become a part of the effort to halt the transmission of the virus. The government is asking banks to provide customers with new banknotes whenever possible. China has also started to disinfect used paper money.
The U.S. told American passengers quarantined since February on the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan that they will be evacuated, but they will face another quarantine when they return home.
Tom ran an ultra-marathon.
The carnival of Venice is one of the world's oldest and best-known.
The town of Jokkmokk in Northern Sweden sets up an annual market offering visitors the opportunity to participate in a sled race with reindeer.
The reindeer race is a tradition of the indigenous Sami community whose members live in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Russia.
The CDC estimates that million Americans have gotten sick with flu this season and around people 14,have died.
Formula announced that it has suspended the Chinese Grand Prix which was due to be staged in Shanghai in April.
The Yazidi music is estimated to be between 5,and 7,years old. However, it has never been formally written down or recorded.
Yazidi tradition dictates that the songs are handed down from one generation to the next, with musicians memorizing upward of pieces.
When the Islamic State terror group swept across northern Iraq in 2014, they tried to wipe out the Yazidi people, a minority ethnic group that had lived in the mountains for millennia. Thousands of men were killed, and women and girls were forcibly enslaved. The ancient Yazidi culture was at risk of being eradicated.
“The music of the Yazidi people is absolutely essential to their culture,” Bochmann told VOA. “Only one section of the people, the Qawals caste, are allowed to sing the music. There are only of them left, and so we thought it would be essential in case another genocide took place, or anything else horrific, that we lodge this and record it.”
Hundreds of young Yazidis are being taught the techniques and instruments of their culture, including a sacred stringed instrument known as a tabor, and the daf, a type of frame drum.
Give yourself some credit.
An estimated 10,Yazidis were killed or kidnapped by Islamic State in 2014. Women and girls were forced into slavery, and suffered horrific sexual and physical abuse. Several members of the choir that traveled to London were held captive.
During their trip to London, the choir also performed for Prince Charles, next in line to the British throne.
The Venice Carnival opened Saturday with thousands of Venetians and tourists lining the banks of the canals to watch the parade of floats.
During the day, people wore fancy dress and walked around the city and posed in Saint Mark’s Square.
Tom shouldn't have put himself in that situation.
Tom participated in the ice carving competition.
The city holds an ice sculpture festival each year.
The Hungarian corpus maintainers are only interested in finding faults with the work of others.
Visual artist Ricardo Santos Hernandez uses art as a form of activism to raise awareness about the plight of Central American and Mexican migrants and U.S. immigration policy.
The Hungarian corpus maintainers do not form a team.
I found this interesting.
He was detained for questioning.
He was detained by the police.
He was detained as a suspect.
He was convicted and sentenced to death.
He was confined to a bed for three months.
He was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
She was brought up here.
He was brought up here.
He was born here.
He was aware of the difficulties.
He was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
He was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
He was arrested and charged with the murder.
She was alone most of the time.
He was alone most of the time.
He was almost run over by a dump truck.
He was afraid to swim.
He was afraid to cross the road.
He was afraid that the typhoon would damage his house.
He was accused of neglecting his duty.
He was admitted into the hospital.
He was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
She was abused by her stepfather.
She was able to park behind the hotel.
He was able to park behind the hotel.
He was able to make himself understood in Turkish when he visited Istanbul.
She was able to get there in less than ten minutes.
He was able to get there in less than ten minutes.
He was able to fit everything he owned into one suitcase.
She was able to answer all the questions.
He was able to answer all the questions.
He was a mean man before his daughter was born.
He was a bad student.
We warmed ourselves by the fire.
He wants to think it over.
He wants to study abroad.
He wants to live in the country after he retires.
He wants to graduate from college before he turns years old.
He wants to go to the movies.
He wants to get rich quick.
She wants to get rich quick.
He wants a large family.
He wanted to study English with a native English speaker.
He wanted to set the record straight.
He wanted to eat a couple of slices of bread.
She wanted to become a lawyer.
He wanted to become a lawyer.
He walks about ten kilometers a day.
He walked silently through the forest.
He volunteered to help.
He volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
He volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
He very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
He verified the date of the meeting.
He usually works from nine to five-thirty.
He usually wears sunglasses even when it's not so bright.
She usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
He usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
He usually takes a shower before breakfast.
She usually takes a shower before breakfast.
He usually sits in the back of the classroom.
She usually pays for everything in cash.
He usually pays for everything in cash.
He usually only eats eggs for breakfast.
He usually goes to bed just before midnight.
He usually feels sleepy in the early afternoon.
I usually eat my lunch alone.
He usually doesn't have to work on Friday afternoons.
He usually accomplishes whatever he tries to do.
He used to play basketball, but he doesn't anymore.
She used to live here.
He used to live deep in the forest.
He used to be drunk by this time every night.
He used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
He turned in a blank test paper.
He does some light exercises every morning.
He tries to avoid traveling by air.
She tried to cut the meat with a dull knife.
He tried to cut the meat with a dull knife.
He treats me very nice.
He translated the book from Turkish into English.
He tossed another log on the fire.
She tossed and turned all night.
He took up hang gliding.
He took the early retirement package the company offered.
He took the bus to school.
He took out a pencil and started to write.
He took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
He took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
I took off my coat and gloves.
He took off his clothes and stepped into the shower.
I took my wallet out of my pocket.
He took his time reading the contract.
She took a step forward.
She took a step backward.
He took a piece of candy from the bag.
He took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
We took a deep breath.
He took a closer look at it.
He told us that he'd come in person.
He told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
She told the children to line up.
He told the boys to line up.
She told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
He told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
He told me that I shouldn't buy that.
He told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
He told me that he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
She told me that she got her guitar for free.
He told me that he got his guitar for free.
He told me that he couldn't really trust them.
He told me that he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
He told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
He told me that he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
He told me that he could come on any day but Friday.
He told me that he couldn't afford a divorce.
He told his son the story about a monster that ate children.
Thanks to a massive injection of post-riot funds, small, cheerfully painted apartment buildings have all but eclipsed peeling grim high-rises.
He told his friends that he never ate meat.
A new tram line links Montfermeil to Paris and a muddy construction site promises to become a future station of a vast, regional transit network.
Today, Harb lives in a cheerful apartment overlooking a quiet square. Family members drop by. A North African neighbor pauses to chat. There is no graffiti in sight, and the elevators work.
Are you still drunk or are you drunk again?
"I know him well, he’s from the neighborhood,” she said.
Some sentences are too difficult for me.
A few sentences are too difficult for me.
A few sentences are too hard for me.
Lemoine said local authorities restored a more thoughtful form of neighborhood policing, which included training officers on cultural sensitivities.
Sri Lankan residents, for example, might look away when speaking to an officer, he said, as a sign of respect, not disdain.
Miami, Florida will host the 54th Super Bowl this Sunday.
The Super Bowl is the championship American football game for the top two teams in the sport's two separate divisions.
Tom hasn't been drinking, so he can drive us home.
Thousands of fans, hotels and restaurants are getting ready for an entire weekend of celebrations.
Sunday is a once-in-a-century day. The date is a palindrome, meaning it is the same read backwards or forward. It is February 2, or 02/02/2020, and the phenomenon is the same no matter whether regional custom calls for listing the day or the month first.
As it happens, it is also a palindrome day on the calendar, the 33rd day of 2020, with days left in the year as well.
American fast-food icon McDonald's on Friday marked years since it first opened its doors in Moscow.
"We were asked, 'Can you smile for eight hours straight?' We all said yes, of course,” she told VOA, “but it turns out it’s harder than you think.”
Tom doesn't like fast food.
Tom prefers home-cooked meals.
We couldn't help ourselves.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary since they got divorced.
Full-time day care for two pre-school children in the U.S. can cost $35,a year or more.
Every year, some 20,young adults come to the U.S. on special visas to work as an au pair, caring for pre-school children in the home.
In much of the world, child care is a family duty. But in the U.S., parents often work hectic jobs and need to hire someone for the job.
My goal is to prove myself.
Are Americans ready to elect a woman president?
Men are assumed to be qualified, while women have to prove that they’re qualified over and over again, she says.
Some observers also believe women are judged more harshly on their physical appearance, the sound of their voice, or other factors that are out of their control.
“There is something called the ethical pedestal that we talk about,” Hunter says. “Women are presumed to be more moral and more honest than men, but if they are accused of lying or wrongdoing, it's a lot harder for them to climb back up on the pedestal if they fall.”
Children of immigrants, who are born in United States, often struggle to understand their own identity.
A Cambodian-American actress is using her art to explore her roots through a very personal story.
Who called these dead to dance?
Put yourself in my shoes.
I found third grade hard.
We all speak for ourselves.
Notting Hill is one of London's most picturesque neighborhoods.
Mary is an Instagram model.
Tom is an Instagram model.
Tom went across the hall to see what was happening.
There is enough food in the world to feed everyone.
In the United States, there are five empty homes for every homeless person.
I should just shoot myself.
Tom convinced himself he hadn't done anything wrong.
You sell yourself short.
I love you beyond words.
I love you beyond words. Except those, I guess.
Tom is afraid that something bad is going to happen.
I found that really hard.
Tom let himself in using the key that I'd given him.
I shot myself in the foot.
Tom turned himself in three days after killing Mary.
Take a look at yourself.
Tom cut himself with the new knife you just gave him.
I couldn't move my arms.
Tom hasn't eaten at a restaurant since he lost his job.
We have no idea why Mary killed herself.
I have a family myself.
Take time for yourself.
Tom just stood there, looking at himself in the mirror.
My backyard is a mess.
Tom needs to stop isolating himself from everyone else.
I got ahead of myself.
Tom didn't take the medicine that the doctor prescribed.
I'm not too concerned.
Tom turned himself in three days after he'd killed Mary.
As for myself, I'm OK.
Tom promised himself he'd study harder for the next test.
My shoes are missing.
Tom went back to his car to get something that he forgot.
I can protect myself.
Tom cut himself with the new knife that you just gave him.
We had to see for ourselves.
We had to do that ourselves.
We need to persuade Tom to change his mind.
Try it for yourself.
Tom needs to get himself out of there as fast as possible.
I sleep on my stomach.
I'll handle it later.
Go see if Tom is OK.
This is what I live for.
This is the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Tom tried to keep himself busy, so he wouldn't think about the bad things that were happening.
I always wanted to know what would happen if I did that.
Tom would tell them.
Can I use yours?
I can't lose.
Tom said something that made Mary angry.
I get bored when I stay home.
I think that your skirt is too long.
I think your skirt is too long.
I think that your skirt is too short.
I think your skirt is too short.
I accept the challenge.
None of these T-shirts are mine.
How old is your younger son?
Tom can't be much older than you are.
None of us liked Tom's idea.
None of us liked the plan that Tom suggested.
None of us liked the plan Tom suggested.
These are my books, not Tom's.
This is my bicycle, not Tom's.
This is what we believe.
Tom finally admitted to himself that he was never going to be able to do that.
Smoking is not allowed on this bus.
I already know what you want.
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.
This is why I came here.
I love you more than words could say.
Words cannot describe how much I love you.
The boy over there is Tom's brother.
I think that the boy over there is Tom's brother.
I think the boy over there is Tom's brother.
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.
That boy over there is probably Tom's younger brother.
Tom wanted to introduce himself in French, but he didn't know how.
It seems like we've been talking about this all day.
Tom has finally got it into his head.
Tom had plenty to say.
I told Tom to get it out of his head.
The fame got to Tom's head.
My parents are from Algeria. They were born and raised there.
For solitude sometimes is best society, and short retirement urges sweet return.
This happened to me when I was living in Algeria.
This is a Muslim cemetery.
Is Tom a friend?
Take that one.
I live in Algiers, in the Bouzereah area.
Tom has a white horse.
Everybody was shouting.
Everyone was shouting.
You have your T-shirt on backwards.
You're a very patient teacher.
Where's the market?
This is just annoying.
Mary loves jumping rope.
If Tom refuses to do it, someone else will have to do it.
This is all we can do.
If Tom refused to do it, someone else would have to do it.
If Tom had refused to do it, someone else would have had to do it.
Mary is my kind of woman.
They're willing to talk about the problem.
These pencils are new.
Tom hardly ever gets angry.
Tom won't be on a diet, even though it is essential for his health.
Tom has his shoes on the wrong feet.
She doesn't eat meat.
Tom is good at creating obstacles.
Tom is determined to overcome obstacles in his life.
It doesn't eat meat.
Tom gave up learning Czech.
Your bedroom is next to the kitchen.
That was an oversight.
Elephants don't eat meat.
I've seen for myself how much damage an earthquake can do.
They're a good singer.
Tom and Mary are good singers.
Tom and Mary are both very good singers.
Tom is a good singer, but Mary isn't.
How can someone know if they're a good singer or not?
A lot of bad singers think that they're good singers.
A lot of bad singers think they're good singers.
Our band is looking for a new singer.
A lot of singers have recorded this song.
Tom used to be a singer in a punk band.
Almost anyone can be a good singer if they have a good teacher.
This song has been recorded by many singers.
I guess we'll have to find another singer.
Tom used to be a jazz singer.
The drummer is also the lead singer in that band.
Tom was too hard on himself.
I want to quit my job.
I'll have to do that for Tom.
Before granting me confession, the priest asked me "What are your sins?"
Tom turned down Mary's offer.
Eat anything you want.
Tom can't afford a new bicycle.
Well done, everybody.
Tom excused himself from the table.
This must be the one.
Tom's explanation wasn't very good.
This is more like it.
I hope that Tom is proud of himself.
Dost thou love me?
She saw two ships.
This is good for you.
Tom thinks he'll never fall in love.
Therapy's the answer.
You won't be bored with Tom and Mary.
Tom believes that there will be a big blackout soon.
Tom ordered his family to go to the shelter that he built.
Tom says that it is wise to stockpile some food in case of emergency.
Tom is afraid of the pandemic.
At that time, Tom was just a toddler.
Tom believes that his family is secured enough.
Tom is looking forward to the Event.
Tom wants to be a volunteer so that he can help others.
Tom would go there, but without Mary.
Tom recalls being abducted by aliens as a child.
I've never had a dog.
I never saw Tom again after that day.
I can't get jar open.
Even Tom himself was deceived by that.
Give us five minutes.
Tom will guide you.
If you follow Tom's instructions, nothing can happen to you.
That house with the red roof is Tom's.
Under Tom's guidance, you are safe.
Everybody, calm down.
Mary refused to follow Tom into the shelter.
Tom assured Mary that everything was taken care of.
Tom told Mary that they would have to stay in the shelter until it was safe outside.
Mary asked Tom if they were going to die in the shelter.
I don't want to eat meat.
Not so fast with the medicine! You have to be diagnosed first.
Mary didn't want Tom to leave the house.
That story was written by Tom himself.
We're all happy now.
The giraffes have nowhere to hide.
The lions were drawn to the female giraffe and her calf.
Giraffes must cross this area to get to water.
Giraffes avoid this area.
For lions, a buffalo is much easier to kill than a giraffe.
I'm glad Tom is taking care of himself.
The giraffe was running in the dark.
This sick giraffe is at risk.
The giraffe protected her calf with great courage.
The giraffe has a serious wound and it could kill her if it gets infected.
This giraffe and her calf chose the wrong moment to go for a drink.
Can a giraffe fight off four lions?
The giraffe did all she could to defend her calf.
This time, Tom disappointed me a lot.
With her injury, this giraffe can't afford to confront four adult lions.
Tom takes all the measures very seriously.
The lionesses pulled down the giraffe.
Giraffes are active even after dark.
The lions separated the giraffe calf from its mother.
If a giraffe feels threatened, it wouldn't hesitate to kick.
The giraffes moved to another area.
The giraffe herd was preoccupied with eating.
A giraffe's spotted coat helps it blend into its environment.
The giraffe herd is still in the woodland.
The lions were headed straight to the giraffe herd.
The giraffe was injured.
The giraffe was injured from a lion attack.
There are calves in this giraffe herd.
The giraffes fled in different directions.
This is an easy job.
The giraffe didn't see the lioness.
Giraffes, zebras, impalas, and elephants are usual neighbors.
The baby giraffe follows its mother like her shadow.
The female giraffe was on heat.
I ran into Tom on my way home from work.
Why are there so many giraffes in this area?
Giraffes can feast on these acacia trees.
Giraffes and zebras live next to each other on good terms.
This female giraffe is the oldest in the herd.
When do giraffe calves wean?
This is a good team.
A giraffe kick can kill a lion.
The giraffe escaped the lions.
The giraffe escaped the lion attack.
A giraffe has an unusual morphology.
A giraffe can spot a predator from a distance.
This is a Masai giraffe.
These movements, called necking, are used by male giraffes for fighting and courting.
This male giraffe is the head bull of the herd.
Giraffes rarely eat grass.
Giraffes have an unusual anatomy.
The blood vessels of a giraffe have valves that prevent excessive blood flow to the brain.
The giraffes were traveling in search of food.
The acacia tree is the giraffe's favorite plant.
Acacia trees are full of thorns but the mouth of a giraffe is totally impervious to thorns.
Giraffes have an endearing way to show mutual affection.
The young giraffe suckled some milk from its mother.
This young giraffe is four years old.
This giraffe has already give birth.
The baby giraffe stood up and started suckling.
The giraffe encouraged its baby to stand up.
The baby giraffe has to stand up as quckly as possible otherwise it would perish.
The giraffe started suckling.
The baby giraffe is suckling.
The giraffe herd knows where to find the best acacia trees.
The giraffe quenched its thirst.
The giraffes were looking for a waterhole.
The giraffes use this waterhole for drinking.
Unlike elephants, giraffes don't bathe.
Oxpeckers rid giraffes of their pests.
Oxpecker birds rid giraffes of their parasites.
The jabiru is a cousin of the stork.
The giraffes are near the waterhole.
The giraffes grouped and stood together.
The giraffe panicked for nothing.
These days, Tom does everything himself.
A female giraffe would never leave its calf alone.
The female giraffe keeps a close watch over its calf.
The giraffe remained vigilent.
The marabouts were feasting on the giraffe carcass.
Giraffes know how to use their hooves when it comes to defending themselves.
Female giraffes know how to use their hooves when it comes to defending their calves.
The giraffe herd are on alert.
We saw a procession of giraffes.
The young giraffe was following the herd.
The young giraffe followed his mother like her shadow.
How many kilometers do giraffes cover per year?
I burned my fingers.
Giraffes are afraid of lions.
In captivity, giraffes live quite old.
The giraffes have just discovered a waterhole.
The sun is going down and the giraffes have been waiting for this moment to go and drink.
However, it wasn't the end of my issues with Tom.
Tom thinks that he'll never fall in love.
This baby giraffe was born into drought and its herd face starvation.
For giraffes, the dry season is the toughest time of year.
The giraffes came back to the river.
Tom is our protector.
Are giraffes endangered animals?
Tom enjoys listening to Heavy Metal.
These giraffes live in the heart of Africa.
The giraffes went to the river to drink.
The adolescent giraffe was banished from the herd.
The midday sun is beating down.
Giraffes live in herds.
He scrubbed his back with a loofa.
Giraffes live in herds called towers.
The giraffes were quenching their thirst in the stagnant pool.
The jackals found the giraffe carcass.
This is a four year old male giraffe.
These giraffes died during the drought.
Giraffes have long and rough tongues.
This giraffe carcass has found many mouths.
The giraffes kept on moving.
A giraffe herd is a close family.
A giraffe would never leave her calf behind.
The giraffe seemed to sense something.
That made me think.
Giraffes live in herds led by a head male.
Newborn giraffes are totally dependent on their mothers.
This giraffe is a first-time mother.
They haven't done anything.
This area has more giraffes than any other in Africa.
Giraffes come to drink at this river.
The giraffes coalesced into a massive herd.
Tom said Mary paid for the ticket herself.
This isn't theirs.
For giraffes, the thorny acacia leaves are a feast.
This baby giraffe was born yesterday and it's already two meters tall.
This baby giraffe was born yesterday and it's already taller than an average adult man.
The giraffe has nowhere to hide.
These giraffes have faced plenty dry seasons.
The giraffes are again on the move.
Modern giraffes have been around since two million years.
Tom was in the kitchen humming to himself.
These giraffes come from a national park on the borders between Kenya and Tanzania.
Giraffes, rhinos, hippos, and elephants are prehistoric relics.
Lions are known to attack infant giraffes.
Leave me in peace.
Giraffes live in small family herds called towers or journeys.
Giraffes are graceful animals.
Giraffes are timid creatures.
Giraffes are blessed with height that gives them better access to food.
Giraffes, zebras, antelopes, rhinos, hippos, and elephants are vegetarians.
That's the life Tom has chosen for himself.
The birds fly away.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
I hate this stuff.
I'm glad that Tom is taking care of himself.
Iċ fare wel, eallswā, þancie þē.
I'm also faring well, thank you.
My name is Alfred. How are you doing?
I found it myself.
Ēalā! Iċ hatā Ēadweard.
Hey! I'm Edward.
She was a girl, and he was a boy.
The foundry changed owners.
No one was more frustrated than Tom himself.
I feel I can help.
Nobody was more frustrated than Tom himself.
Get over yourself.
Tom is sure that he'll never see Mary again.
Everything's tidy.
He doesn't like it here.
Does that mean Tom did what Mary said he did?
This is as good as it gets.
That's beyond our control.
This is pretty basic stuff.
This is really a good idea.
This isn't how we're used to doing this.
It would be a good idea to wait.
This is a little ridiculous.
This is a quiet neighborhood.
It's been a tough week for us.
That was a very bad decision.
My office is very small.
Tom said that Mary paid for the ticket herself.
That was the one.
Naturally, Tom kept the best apples for himself.
Just stand still.
It's not like Tom can beat me.
If Tom is too busy I'll drive you to the airport.
Tom is sick and so is everyone else in his family.
She had a very excellent wife.
This must be it.
Tom is passionate about music.
You can ask Tom yourself tomorrow when you see him.
This isn't ours.
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.
Birds are animals which can fly.
Everything is much more complicated.
When did we last see each other?
He sewed.
He has sewn.
He vomited everything back up.
Esperanto is easier.
Do you think that I don't know what that is?
This barrel holds over litres.
Don't be so dramatic, Tom!
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
I'm still not ready to give an answer.
I hope that everyone will agree.
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.
It's wide and broad.
Our friendship was put to the test.
I am very destructive.
It wasn't of benefit for her.
He asked me how late it was.
That is not to be underestimated.
I have water.
Don't let yourself be bossed around by her.
That's the spot.
Auntie is reading in the living room.
What do you all think about the French presidential elections?
Strange that I'd never realised that before.
What do you find beautiful about it?
I know him through a friend.
As she arrived at school, she realised that she'd forgotten her chemistry textbook.
The water is pleasantly crisp.
He attends the same school as I.
Are we going surfing?
This cake is very good.
It all depends solely on you.
We differentiate between living and dead objects.
We entertain the children.
He searched and found.
In Greenland it's colder than in Germany.
Tom has three daughters. All three of them are married.
Whom are you loyal to: me or the king?
To whom are you loyal: me or the king?
Whom do you serve: me or the king?
I'll go as I am.
Tom is usually the last one to leave the classroom every day.
Welcome aboard.
If Tom would've identified himself, the guard wouldn't have shot him.
We're all fine.
Zip your lip.
Zip your lips.
Tom is obsessed with religiosity.
Take this one.
This isn't a new policy.
Tom tried to convince himself that he was doing the right thing.
I had to leave the room because it was too smoky.
Tom has been promoted.
I found that frustrating.
Tom doesn't even consider himself to be a native French speaker.
This isn't the first time that I've been bullied.
This isn't the first time I've been bullied.
Tom has already ordered.
I have doubts about that.
Tom promised himself that he'd study harder for the next test.
You think that you can cure yourself, don't you?
I'm glad Tom is safe now.
Algiers is getting bigger.
Algiers is growing.
Algiers is developing.
Does Algiers have skyscrapers?
Algiers is growing rapidly.
Algiers is changing.
Algiers is an industrial center.
Algiers is more and more crowded.
Algiers is growing in all directions.
I have nobody to talk to.
Algeria is building a massive network of highways.
Tom has locked himself in his bedroom and refuses to come out.
I'll teach you everything you need to know about Algeria.
I've got a lot of stories that I could tell you.
Algiers has too many cars.
Algiers is transforming itself.
Algiers is a city of cars.
Algiers is a city of three and a half million people.
Algiers needs more green spaces.
Algiers is a city I dearly love.
Are there car-free streets in Algiers?
Algiers needs car-free streets.
I enjoy walking in Algiers.
I enjoy go on vacation to Algiers.
I enjoy visiting Algiers.
I enjoy biking in Algiers.
I enjoy going to Algiers.
This is going to generate more traffic in Algiers.
Algiers has changed a lot.
We have too many cars in Algiers.
We have too many privately-owned cars in Algiers.
We have too many privately-owned vehicles in Algiers.
Algiers needs better streets and neighborhoods.
Algiers needs better sidewalks.
Algiers needs a better transportation system.
This is an iconic photo of Algiers.
Algiers needs better urban planning.
He returned to Algiers.
Why did you choose Algiers?
Algiers needs more trees.
Algiers needs more beautiful and leafy trees.
Algiers needs more parking lots.
When I'm in Algiers, I feel at home.
When I'm in Algiers, I enjoy sitting down and looking at other people.
I want to stay in Algiers.
Phones are no longer made only for calling.
Algiers has many empty buildings.
Algiers has many congested streets.
I usually sleep upstairs.
Algiers needs better streets.
This is a map of Algiers.
Tom had something in his hand, but I couldn't see what it was.
We need to finish this job before the weekend.
Is Algiers a good city?
Algiers needs more people-friendly neighborhoods.
Algiers needs walkable sidewalks.
Algiers needs walkable streets.
Are there any bike lanes in Algiers?
Algiers is safer.
Algiers is relatively comfortable.
Is Algiers comfortable?
We need to reimagine Algiers.
Tom has a really big dog.
I've already seen enough.
Is Algiers a successful city?
Tom found out why Mary didn't want to go on a picnic with him.
How many people live in Algiers?
Algiers has very few forests.
What's the electricity consumption rate in Algiers?
Algiers uses a lot of water.
Algiers generates a lot of garbage.
Algiers uses a lot of energy.
Many people move to Algiers.
Many people are moving to Algiers.
Many people want to move to Algiers.
Algiers is a coastal city.
Algiers is warmer than London.
This is something that I'm going to do myself.
This is the lower part of Algiers.
I wrote a book about Algiers.
We need to make Algiers a city that's gonna last.
We need to make Algiers a sustainable city.
We need to make Algiers a lasting city.
Algeria is in the midst of a political crisis.
Algeria is in the midst of an economic crisis.
Algiers needs to build new parks.
Algiers needs more parks.
Algiers has a beautiful promenade on the seashore.
Algiers has a supermarket with a giant parking lot.
There are no double-decker buses in Algiers.
Algiers is a noisy city.
Algiers needs sustainable parks.
Algiers needs more soccer fields.
Algiers needs green streets.
Algiers needs a better sewer system.
The El Harrach river is badly polluted.
The El Harrach river is still badly polluted.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucracy.
Tom said I belonged here.
Let's have dinner in Algiers.
Let's have dinner in Algiers tonight.
Not many tourists visit Algiers.
There aren't many foreign tourists in Algiers.
This is one of the main streets of Algiers.
Algiers needs more libraries.
I've had a very hard day.
In Algiers, many people park on sidewalks.
Are there any malls in Algiers?
Algiers has limited public seating.
Tom has been in there talking to the boss for an hour or two.
I've been waiting for days for this to happen.
Tom's love life is a mess.
I've seen crazier things.
Tom and his new roommate don't seem to get along very well.
You haven't told me anything about yourself.
Ask Tom when he'll be back.
It'll be hard to explain.
Tom's family lived in Boston up until the end of last year.
I need to get out of the house for a few hours.
Surely you know who Tom is.
This is a big day for me.
Thank God I found you.
Tom tried to convince himself he was doing the right thing.
You think you can cure yourself, don't you?
Tom has just been promoted.
This is a big win for us.
I've got a lot of stories I could tell you.
Tom has lots of work to do.
This afternoon, the World Health Organization confirmed three thousand new cases of coronavirus, among which a hundred people died.
This is a real nightmare.
Tom seemed impressed by how well Mary was able to do that.
You don't seem too good at this yourself.
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.
The authorities disclosed little useful information about the spread of COVID-at the beginning of the outbreak.
This is a tight election.
Tom has just started serving a three year sentence.
Tom holds several people captive.
This is something I'm going to do myself.
Tom reproached me for not attending Mary's funeral.
Tom submitted an improvement proposal.
Hand washing is recommended to prevent the spread of contagious diseases like a coronavirus.
Don't listen to me!
Tom believes that he will achieve the aim.
Tom is trying something new.
This is a very good deal.
Tom told me that he had a rare medical condition.
I've already told you that several times.
I do think Tom will be there.
This is absolutely false.
Different types of data require different types of tests.
Tom has been working in the garden all morning.
Maybe you'll have to defend yourselves.
Tom brought a bottle of wine.
This is all for the kids.
Firefox used to be better than Google Chrome.
Consider switching to Firefox Quantum.
Mozilla made a new browser called Firefox Quantum.
Firefox Quantum uses less memory than Chrome.
Tom told me he had a rare medical condition.
The greater the difference between the null hypothesis and an outcome, and the larger the sample size, the more confident one can be that the outcome is meaningful.
I thought that I'd make myself at home.
Tellam, zik, tettmahalem da, naɣ?
The giraffes haven't drank water for days.
This giraffe carcass was downed by lions.
Tom found this under his car.
Giraffes are exclusively herbivore.
This giraffe is desperately thirsty.
This giraffe is desperately hungry.
The giraffes were eating, unconcerned.
Giraffes fear nothing, except lions.
The giraffe was pursued by lions.
Giraffes live in herds called journeys.
The ibis has a curved bill.
The giraffes are too busy eating.
The giraffes are busy eating.
The giraffe herd survived the drought.
This is good news for us.
The vultures were feasting on the giraffe carcass.
Hungarian is the 92nd most spoken language with 12.million speakers.
Tom has been a teacher here for three years.
That's how we dealt with that problem.
Not all clinical studies are hypothesis-driven.
Acacia leaves are a giraffe's favorite meal.
As far as I know, he was a good student.
The giraffe ran away.
Tom has a three-year old son.
Giraffes live in groups called journeys.
Lions are the most dangerous animals to a mother giraffe and her calf.
Lions are the most dangerous animals to giraffes.
The giraffe died of exhaustion.
Mother giraffes are known of their affection.
The giraffe was taking a rest under the huge acacia tree.
The male giraffes were wrestling.
Layla lives by the teachings of the Bible.
Giraffes live in a group.
Giraffes live in a herd.
The giraffe was focused on the lioness coming from the front, but there were three lionesses approaching her from behind.
The dry season is the toughest season for giraffes.
This is how it should be.
Even male giraffe cannot handle ten lions.
Tom has a three-bedroom apartment in Boston.
How fast can a giraffe run?
How fast do giraffes run?
A giraffe gives birth to one calf at a time.
The mother giraffe has to watch her surroundings all the time while raising its calf.
The giraffe and her calf took a rest under a large tree.
Her skin is pure white.
His skin is pure white.
Giraffes don't spend much time near waterholes.
The giraffes spent another day without finding water.
The giraffes spent another day without finding food.
The giraffes couldn't find any water.
The giraffes starved to death.
The giraffes are exhausted.
The giraffes decided to move to another area to look for water.
The young giraffe lost a lot of its strength due to malnutrition.
The sick giraffe recovered its health.
The baby giraffe left the world twenty-four hours after entering it.
The lions heard the sound of the baby giraffe.
Only four of the eight giraffes survived the journey.
I had no idea that this was happening.
This baby giraffe is only a few hours old.
The giraffe survived the lion attack.
The baby giraffe has been detected by predators. Three lions are already approaching the calf and its mother.
Tom has already talked to me.
Giraffes are herd animals.
For a baby giraffe, its first few weeks are the most critical.
The lion is the giraffe's enemy number one.
The baby giraffe was running for its life.
Weighing almost a ton, the mother giraffe is a formidable mother.
This giraffe delivered a calf in early April.
The giraffe licked its newborn calf clean.
This is just one of many.
The baby giraffe needs to be able to run within hours of birth.
A giraffe calf grows rapidly.
Giraffes run fast.
The giraffe sensed the danger.
Tom is the one who needs to deal with this.
Luckily, the giraffe sensed the danger and ran away.
Random assignment to a study group eliminates selection bias.
The baby giraffe realized it lost its mother.
The giraffe herd is moving on.
One of the giraffes wandered from the herd and was left behind.
I don't want my country to become a member of the European Union.
This giraffe calf is only a few weeks old.
The giraffes are enjoying a lazy afternoon under a huge tree.
The baby giraffe is pleased to see its mom.
The baby giraffe needs to stand up and learn to run from day one.
A giraffe herd has close bonds.
Giraffes roam the vast plains of sub-Saharan Africa.
This giraffe is looking strong and healthy.
The giraffe calf looks strong and healthy.
I'm not likely to change my mind.
It's not likely that I'd change my mind.
It isn't likely that I'd change my mind.
It isn't likely that I would change my mind.
Giraffes have powerful legs.
Why is all this trash in the hallway?
The giraffe herd fled.
A baby giraffe is born to run.
Like all young ruminants, a giraffe calf is born to run.
The giraffe calf has doubled in size.
By the end of the summer, this giraffe calf will be completely weaned.
To win access to a female, these male giraffes need to fight.
The giraffe is finally ready to mate.
The giraffes are facing a tough dry season.
The giraffes are facing a tough dry season this year.
The young giraffe is doing well.
Some members of the giraffe herd died during the dry season.
This sick giraffe will make a good meal for the hungry lions.
This giraffe's home is in Namibia, in southwest Africa.
Tom has been traveling a lot.
Without these acacia trees, there would be no giraffes in this area.
Giraffes spend most of their time in the woodlands.
These giraffes have walked more than forty kilometers to quench their thirst.
I think that Tom messed up his life.
Giraffes spend most of their day in the safety of cover, relying on camouflage to escape their predators.
Giraffes have a size advantage and their are much less vulnerable to attack than zebras.
The giraffe herd joined the zebras at the waterhole.
The giraffe herd need to find enough to eat.
The giraffe herd have begun their search for food.
The giraffe herd left the waterhole to eat.
The giraffe herd headed West.
The giraffes know where to find food.
The giraffes spent the morning feeding on the leaves of acacia leaves.
Giraffes can go several days without drinking, taking the moisture their need from acacia leaves.
Giraffe cows stick together in herds.
The giraffes need to cross this area of barren land to find water.
The giraffe is one of the most iconic species of the African savanna.
Giraffes too can go days without drinking.
This is more of the same.
Giraffes subsist mainly on acacia leaves.
During the dry season, giraffes need to drink more often.
Giraffes can live in dry environments.
This giraffe cow is pregnant.
This giraffe's calf is almost a year old.
During the dry season, the giraffe cow needs to conserve its milk and energy.
Conspiracy theories were made up by the CIA to divert people's attention away from capitalism.
The giraffe was unaware of a group of lions in the grass.
They waited until the heat dissipated.
Giraffes are constantly alert.
A giraffe's diet consists of plant matter.
A giraffe's diet consists mainly of acacia leaves.
Male giraffes fight over females.
Giraffes usually get most of the moisture they need from their food.
The small waterhole attracted a giraffe herd.
Giraffes rely on acacia leaves for sustenance.
The young giraffe male reached puberty and was expelled from the herd.
The giraffes spent a long day searching for food.
The giraffes were relaxing under a huge tree.
Giraffes are especially vulnerable while drinking.
Giraffes are constantly in search for food.
Tom has finally done something interesting.
I wouldn't include it.
We live in a three-bedroom apartment.
We meet on Sundays.
Giraffes can live in harsh environments.
Tom has had many girlfriends.
Giraffes are herbivores and they eat plants.
Progesterone is a female hormone.
This giraffe cow got impregnated in April.
Only this lone giraffe bull survived the dry season.
This giraffe has not drunk in four days.
Unlike the Serengeti wildebeests, the Masai giraffes don't migrate.
She was admitted to the university in Waseda.
Giraffes have rarely been filmed at night.
In daytime, giraffes spend hours eating acacia leaves.
Where there's water, there's life.
Don't compare yourself to other people!
This is no time to panic.
In the wild, giraffes almost never sleep.
Tom has been drinking quite a lot recently.
The giraffe calf survived its first year.
Berbers are proud of their language.
As a Berber, I'm proud of my language.
Maybe you'll have to defend yourself.
Tom has just gotten divorced.
This is no way to behave.
I didn't know Tom before I joined the team.
What I want now is hot coffee.
I have some things that I need to do.
"Was there any homework for tomorrow again?" "Sorry, I don't know. Ask someone else."
Tom has just turned thirteen.
I found this on the floor.
Tom has been saying mean things about you.
I have some things that I have to do.
We've a lot to thank Tom for.
I have lots of work to do.
Tom has been drinking in his room all day.
I have some pictures from that night.
I didn't think Tom had a shot.
I've been traveling a lot.
Tom has been absent from class many times.
I have some more information for you.
I'm glad that Tom is safe now.
I've had my ups and downs.
I was deeply moved after reading this novel.
Tom has asked me to take care of his dog.
We've got to take care of ourselves.
Tom bought a new pair of skis.
Let's order another round.
Tom has a picture of his cat on his desk.
I'd never felt so humiliated before.
These people cannot be reasoned with.
You're not nearly as funny as you seem to think.
Tom has a big house in Boston.
A screamer isn't a singer.
I thought you said you were scared to do that.
I thought that you said you were scared to do that.
I thought that you said that you were scared to do that.
I thought you said that you were scared to do that.
My ankle is a little sore.
I think that I'm the only one here who can do that.
I think I'm the only one here who can do that.
I'm the only person who has to do that.
I'm not the only person who has to do that.
I'm the only person who needs to do that.
Tom has some things that he needs to do.
Tom has some things he needs to do.
Tom has some things that he needs to buy.
Tom has some things he needs to buy.
I went to three funerals last month.
Tom has been here for weeks.
We need to think about it.
Tom found bear tracks behind his house.
We were forced to defend ourselves.
I don't know whether Tom told the truth or not.
I don't know if Tom told the truth or not.
Tom has just opened a new store.
We should leave right now.
Mary couldn't find an affordable dress.
I've done this a few times before.
Tom has ordered another round.
We should talk about that.
I'm glad to hear that Tom is home safe.
I've been waiting for your answer.
Tom shouted at the bus driver.
I won't rest till I'm dead.
I know Tom is a very valuable client.
I know that Tom is a very valuable client.
I knew Tom hadn't yet done that.
I knew that Tom hadn't yet done that.
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.
I hope Tom has learned his lesson.
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.
I strongly disagree with what you said.
I wanted to buy Tom something for his birthday.
I wanted Tom to understand why he couldn't stay.
I live in a small shack near the river.
I wanted Tom to introduce me to all his friends.
That Tom will come is certain.
Algeria is in an economic crisis.
Tom lent his French textbook to me.
I thought I'd make myself at home.
Tom has a nice house in Boston.
I'm just talking to myself.
I've already asked Tom what he thinks.
I think that that's inappropriate.
Tom has already left the party.
I've been there many times.
Tom has already mentioned that to me.
I found this in the bottom drawer.
Algeria should have one of the largest navies in the Mediterranean.
They came to spread the word of their Muslim faith.
This crisis has rocked Algeria to its core.
Algeria can't be defeated.
Algeria isn't on the edge of collapse.
Algeria is a civilized nation.
Tom has changed for the better.
Bouteflika was a sick leader presiding over a sick country.
In 2019, Bouteflika was politically and physically weak.
I've just met a new friend.
Tom found a dead bird in the chimney.
Whether you like Boumediene or not, he was a man of great impact.
Algeria should encourage entrepreneurship.
Algeria needs to remove corrupt and incompetent officials.
Bouteflika was forced to step down in 2019.
I didn't find everything I wanted.
Algerians are demanding democratic reforms.
Algerians want true democracy.
Tom has lied to us in the past.
Algeria needs to build a democratic system.
Algerians want better living standards.
What is the Algerian government going to do?
I was staying at the Aurassi Hotel.
Just relax and be yourself.
Algerians want to live a better life.
Algerians want a better life.
Algeria needs to maintain stability at all cost.
Algeria needs to keep peace at all cost.
Algeria will not disintegrate.
We should be grateful that Algeria did not disintegrate in the 1990s.
We should be grateful that Algeria did not collapse in the 1990s.
Algeria has recovered its legitimacy.
After the December presidential election, Algeria has recovered its political legitimacy.
We need to keep Algeria within the socialist framework.
Algeria is a developing country.
Algeria needs to be strong.
Algeria needs to be a regional power.
Tom was in his room the entire time.
A new cook has already been hired.
Tom has a lot of homework to do.
Just try to enjoy yourself.
Tom had never seen a giraffe before.
Algerians fought for independence between and 1962.
Will Algeria prosper economically?
Algeria is working to maintain world peace.
Algeria needs to consolidate links with Africa.
Algeria should play a leadership role in the region.
Algeria should put its corrupt officials in jail.
Algeria needs to project its authority far beyond its borders.
You should just simply walk away.
Algeria needs strong leaders.
Bouteflika was decreeing more freedom to himself.
The Algerian government is doing the right thing.
Are Berber names still banned in Algeria?
Does Algeria ban Berber names?
In February 2019, Algerians took to the streets en masse.
Tom has a small house in Boston.
We need to have a strong Algeria and in order to have a strong Algeria, we need to have a strong military.
Will Tebboune make Algeria great again?
Can Algeria grow rich again?
Algeria needs to reclaim a central role in Africa.
Algeria needs stability.
Algeria needs to reduce poverty.
Algeria needs to reduce its poverty rate.
Algeria doesn't have overseas bases.
How could I ever forget you?
I regret inviting Tom to my wedding.
Algeria is entering a new era of development.
I love women.
Algerians believe in democracy.
You need to try harder next time.
Algeria needs to develop internally.
The new highways Algeria is building will help it to develop internally.
Tom has just recently graduated.
Algeria's economy needs to expand externally.
Algeria's economy needs to develop internally and expand externally.
Algeria is a large economy.
Is France trying to suppress Algeria's development?
These problems need to be addressed by the Algerian government.
Algeria needs to build its own manufacturing base.
I dragged myself out of bed.
Algeria can and will outlast all terrorist and separatist groups.
You need to respect Tom's decision.
Yennayer is a centuries old tradition.
In North Africa, Yennayer is a centuries old tradition.
You can be pretty tough yourself.
He's a constant critic of the Algerian government.
This will have enormous implications for Algeria.
Tom has to stop what he's doing.
I found everything I wanted.
Tom is outside, waiting in his car.
We should check it out ourselves.
I date Sandy.
Tom has worked here for a while.
I found that very confusing.
We need to make some adjustments.
Tom lost himself in his studies.
I read several books a week.
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.
This is how we support ourselves.
I regret inviting Tom to our wedding.
Tom should stop what he's doing.
Do you believe in the Law of Attraction?
Is the Law of Attraction a hoax?
I am watching an airplane fly over the buildings.
Who's piloting that airplane?
I think we've made an error.
This is how we express ourselves.
Tom taught himself to read lips.
Tom went into the kitchen to drink some water.
I won't rest until I'm dead.
Tom found his keys under the couch.
There is a park next to my house.
I need to talk to Tom about that.
I'd never heard that before.
Tom didn't seem to understand that.
Maybe I didn't make myself clear.
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.
I've never experienced that.
For all I know, Tom could be a cop.
It's time for me to prove myself.
Tom met Mary halfway.
Tom has a three-year old brother.
I've spent time here before.
Tom needs to stop what he's doing.
I'd totally forgotten about that.
Tom has been seeing another girl.
Please be careful with that.
Tom has to leave tomorrow morning.
I think that we've made an error.
The birds flew away.
Tom probably knows what happened.
That's all I'll say for now.
Tom has made a mess of everything.
I had no idea this was happening.
Tom used to do my laundry for me.
I found that kind of strange.
Tom has been there for three days.
Help yourself to cream and sugar.
We should talk to Tom about that.
I found the test really easy.
Tom found a stray dog in the barn.
You need to look after yourself.
Algeria needs to make its cities more green.
Are electric cars sold in Algeria?
Are eco-friendly cars sold in Algeria?
Algeria needs to reduce its reliance on oil.
Are there electric buses in Algeria?
I found this hard to explain.
He lives alone in a small apartment in Algiers.
Tom didn't have his sunglasses on.
You don't want to burn yourself.
In the 1970s, the Algerian government attempted to criminalize Berber.
I'm glad to hear Tom is home safe.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Lakhdar Benkoula, and Noureddine Khettal are insulting Berber culture and denying the existence of the Berber language.
I grew up in a Muslim home.
I am eating couscous.
Berbers are fighting to maintain their language and culture.
He has a Berber nickname.
This Tifinagh letter is the symbol of the Berber language.
I identify myself as Algerian.
We're not going to let this happen in Algeria.
Algeria is doing just fine.
I think that's inappropriate.
Algeria has a very strong and unique culture.
Algerians are angry.
He wrote a book criticizing Algeria.
I've already asked Tom about that.
He's one of Algeria's biggest pop stars.
Algerians are demanding justice.
He's an Algerian union organizer.
We're monitoring the situation in Algeria.
They became separatists.
Algeria lost billions of dollars during the Bouteflika era.
Algiers is a bustling city of over three million people.
You could've called me yourself.
I found something in the box that I didn't expect to find.
Algeria is highly dependent on hydrocarbons.
Tom ordered tea.
President Tebboune should live up to his commitments.
Algeria has things to offer Africa.
Mobilis is an Algerian telecommunications company.
Can Algeria become Africa's most powerful country?
Algeria is militarily powerful.
There are tensions between Algeria and Morocco.
There is a deep rivalry between Algeria and Morocco.
The boys amused themselves by telling each other jokes.
Our company won't leave Algeria.
Our company has strengthened its presence in Algeria.
Tom just got shot.
This app was developed by an Algeria-based company.
I found something in the box I didn't expect to find.
Algeria needs to export more to Africa.
Is Algeria in a vulnerable position?
Algeria needs to generate millions of jobs.
Does Algeria need a tough leader?
We're not intending to leave Algeria.
Our company isn't intending to leave Algeria.
Their company was pressured to leave Algeria.
Our company is going back to Algeria.
Algeria has a relatively fragile economy.
Algerians shouldn't be pessimistic.
Algeria imports practically everything from abroad.
Algeria is a major economy in the region.
This will negatively effect the Algerian economy.
Algeria is nationalistic about the way it leads its economy.
Algeria first!
No one can stop the rise of Algeria.
You can't stop the rise of Algeria.
Algeria is a big economy.
Tom doesn't hate me.
I respect Algeria.
Algeria and China need to strengthen their relations.
Algeria and Russia have strong relations.
Algeria and Morocco are rivals.
Algeria has many untapped riches.
Algeria is still a mysterious country.
To many, Algeria is still a mysterious country.
I have arrived at the end of the line: Algiers.
What is your contribution to Algeria?
The ties between Algeria and China are good.
Oh, my God, I love Algiers!
This computer is completely unusable.
His computer is so slow.
It now serves the interests of classes doomed to destruction by the inexorable course of social development.
They're building computers here.
That man over there is the one whose car was stolen.
They come from all over Algeria, seeking a brighter future.
I am sure that I will be able to find him.
Tom can't stay there.
My brother plays football.
I am sure that I will be able to find them.
This is the first time that I've seen one of these.
My school is only a bike ride away.
He left his family in Algeria.
I am learning everything I have wanted to know about Berber.
I live and work in Algeria.
I live and study in Algeria.
I live in Algeria, far from home.
I don't know anyone in Algeria.
We all want a better future for Algeria.
She's married to her job.
She's married to her career.
She's married to her company.
Tom was taking a nap.
This is vitally important to the development of Algeria.
This part of the river is too shallow for a canoe.
We can go to work together.
We want to work together.
Tom often wears jeans.
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
Some salt will make it taste better.
Observant Muslims don't eat pork.
Our workers come from every corner of Algeria.
Our employees come from all over Algeria.
Working makes us stronger.
I hope that nothing bad happens to us.
Tom can't help me today.
Follow us on Facebook and on XING!
That doesn't happen in this part of the country.
Tom doesn't go to school.
Give me a bottle of wine!
Mary isn't as hypocritical as people think.
To earn money, you have to work.
My uncle's dog bit me.
Algeria is a huge developing country.
Algeria's economy is that of a developing country.
Algeria is not a Western country and will not become a Western country.
What gives Algeria its sense of being Algeria?
I like the smell of old books.
We know Algeria is big.
We know Algeria is huge.
Algeria could become a civilization state.
It looks like it's going to be another nice day.
Algeria needs to preserve its unity.
The state is everywhere in Algeria.
This book was authored by an Algerian historian.
We need to understand Algeria.
He sent his children to Algeria to study Berber.
He's far more knowledgeable about Algeria than you are.
Tom has a bad credit rating.
We couldn't possibly get another pilot in time.
Tom can't speak to you today.
That part of the story wasn't very interesting.
This is the first time I've seen one of these.
Tom doesn't know much about me.
It'll be difficult to finish doing this today.
Tom doesn't know much about us.
I think that it's important to tell the truth.
Tom doesn't know where we went.
The police have blocked off part of the area.
If I were you, I'd wait and see what happens.
My brother is playing football.
My brother plays soccer.
Tom has as many books as I have.
That was the most difficult part of the job.
Jews had been in Algeria since the first century CE.
Tom has just gotten back to Boston.
I've read thirteen books so far this summer.
Tom doesn't want to see me again.
The angry mob started throwing rocks at us.
I can't believe that Tom did this.
I can't wait to tell you about what we did.
Tom doesn't know where we are now.
That's one of the reasons that we're here.
Tom doesn't consider that cheating.
My family has lived here for three years.
Tom doesn't even know what this is.
Hungarian is better than Esperanto.
Tom has no sense of fashion.
This has become a part of my daily life.
I know that Tom wouldn't hit Mary.
I know Tom wouldn't hit Mary.
Tom doesn't know how to take pictures.
That's only part of the story, isn't it?
Weren't you surprised by Tom's answer?
I wish I'd gone to the concert with you.
Tom doesn't think this is going to work.
By helping you, we're helping ourselves.
Tom can't go to the art museum with us today.
This trip is costing us a lot of money.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he should be doing.
I liked what I found.
Tom doesn't know where I work.
I really hope Tom is found quickly.
You won't find work here.
Tom eventually found his way home.
Did you find the leak?
Tom has been stealing food from us.
Your hat is on backwards.
The guards found Tom's cell empty.
Both Tom and Mary are good singers.
Tom found the letter Mary had hidden.
Tom found the letter that Mary had hidden.
I just got my hair cut.
Tom went to Boston to find out why.
Don't be so narrow-minded.
If Tom does that, I'll do it, too.
I've never eaten sushi.
It's said that in the United States there are at least million privately owned firearms.
I'm looking for a travel agency.
One of us two should do it.
I don't want to see their faces again.
Tom needs to find himself a new job.
Don't take off your shoes.
Don't take your shoes off.
I work for the government.
I'd like to find out where Tom is.
It's my job to do that.
Tom will soon find out what you did.
I've opened the window.
I guess you know how Tom found me.
My stomach still hurts.
Get out of here before Tom finds you.
Everyone knew that but me.
Tom found work in a lumber yard.
That was disrespectful.
I found out that Tom is still married.
I found out Tom is still married.
Good help is hard to find.
I had all reasons to recommend her as your guardian.
Tom found out about what we did.
That's part of the job.
Algeria should become one of the world leaders the in wind power technology.
Does Algeria have wind farms?
Is Algeria planning on building wind farms?
That's not the reason Tom wants that.
Algeria is just forty kilometers away.
Algeria needs renewable energy.
Algeria needs to achieve economic growth.
Algeria needs to build wind farms.
Some of Algiers neighborhoods are ugly to look at.
He owns a dairy farm in Algeria.
The Algerian ambassador visited this Chinese wind farm and was impressed.
Algerian cities need bike lanes.
Algiers isn't so wonderful after all.
I was born Algerian.
Germany is not only beautiful, it's also rich.
Algeria squandered its oil revenues during the Bouteflika era.
Algeria needs to transform its economy quickly.
Algeria can't continue to be North Africa's Saudi Arabia.
Algeria has an oil-funded welfare state.
We all worry about Algeria's future.
Algeria is not in danger.
Algeria has incredible wind resources.
Algeria needs to develop its wind resources.
Algeria is continuing to mine its oil and gas.
This school was founded in 2013.
Algeria has oil and gas along the Libyan border.
Algeria has a lot of oil and gas fields.
Algeria's oil and gas fields will soon be depleted.
Algeria became rich on exported oil.
Algeria is exporting oil and gas.
Algeria is exporting gas.
Algeria is exporting natural gas.
Algeria prides itself on being a beautiful country.
This is Algeria's most northerly place.
It's extraordinary how much things have changed in Algeria.
This is a first for me.
Algeria needs to get out of oil as soon as possible.
It seems that Algeria cannot produce more oil.
Algerians are feeling the winds of change.
Algerians are already feeling the winds of change.
Algeria needs to invest its oil revenues in a good way.
Summer is now over in Algiers.
The next morning, Tom was found dead.
Oil is Algeria's economic savior.
Part of the roof blew off.
Ahmed Benbella was Algeria's first president.
Algeria is breathtakingly beautiful.
Algeria has breathtakingly beautiful landscapes.
Let's find out how Tom did that.
We visited some of Algeria's most remote corners.
Algeria has landscapes like no others.
This is a first for us.
Does Algeria still have traditional salt miners?
How much oil does Algeria produce annually?
Algeria needs to avoid the mistakes of the past.
In the 1990s, Algeria wasn't safe at all.
These can only be found in Australia.
Please show me Algeria on the map.
Has Algeria started mining its shale oil?
Has Algeria started extracting its shale oil?
Algeria has good ties with Iran.
That fear isn't unfounded.
For Algeria, gas is a strategic asset.
Algiers has a very busy port.
Algiers is the end of the line.
Algeria should not lose this opportunity.
I suspect Tom would do the same.
This is a good outcome.
Tom didn't say where he found my dog.
These are unfounded fears.
He was on the payroll of an Algerian company known as Sonatrach.
Tom will never find this place.
Algeria has huge deposits of iron.
He cut his teeth in Algeria.
Algeria is constructing an enormous mine in Tebessa.
Algeria signed a big mining agreement with China.
This is a long process.
We have to find Tom before Mary does.
I don't like ideologies. I side with honour and common sense.
Mluvíval jsem rusky, ale už ne.
We were dating.
Algiers is the bustling chaotic capital of Algeria.
This is a big deal for us.
Algeria has better infrastructure.
Tom was found dead in his pool.
Algeria, a name that conjures up vast desert landscapes.
Rebrab is one of the most powerful businessmen in Algeria.
In the Tuareg society, owning a thousand camels command respect and prestige.
I retained strong links with Algeria.
Algeria is moving to a market economy.
Renewable energies is an emerging sector in Algeria.
Algeria needs to invest in renewable energies.
Algeria needs to invest more money in renewable energies.
Does Algeria still have a middle class?
Algeria needs new hotels.
Algeria needs more hotels.
Algeria is building new hotels.
Algeria needs foreign investors in order to develop.
This is a part of life.
I'd like to find out why Tom did that.
Alcoholism is rife in some parts of Kabylie.
How can we reduce poverty in Algeria?
Reducing poverty in Algeria is an ambitious objective.
Many Algerians can't survive on their wage.
Is it true that Algeria is exporting gas to Italy at a discounted rate?
Soccer is one of Algeria's national sports.
Algeria has rich traditions.
This is a good initiative.
Life in these parts of Algeria has changed little over the centuries.
In the 1990s, Algeria had countless security checkpoints.
He is an Algerian.
They tried to enter a joint venture with the Bouteflika regime.
Algeria's political landscape is changing.
Algeria's political landscape has been changing.
I hope that Tom is found alive.
They were dressed in Algerian traditional clothes.
I live in Algiers and he lives in the nearby city of Boumerdes.
This is a very sad day.
They actually understand Berber.
We're getting closer to the Algerian border.
We're now on the Algerian side of the border.
The police found Tom dead in his home.
The Internet is available in Algeria.
He read every Berber book I had.
This is a new low for you.
I found out that Tom was right.
This is what an Algerian ID card looks like.
We used to plow our fields manually.
This is absolutely new.
Algiers a few fountains that run on electricity.
Tom found Mary's ring under the couch.
This computer has a fingerprint sensor.
They were both deported from Algeria.
Both of them were deported from Algeria.
Algiers needs to eliminate traffic jams.
This ice cream tastes very watery.
This product is banned in Algeria.
The Algerian government needs to stop this.
In the 1990s, Algerians lived in a constant state of fear.
He tried to flee to Algeria.
This is a pretty big deal.
You'll never find Tom in time.
This is all about jobs.
He dreams of visiting Algeria.
Algeria is a very interesting country.
Berber is very interesting.
I guess that you know how Tom found me.
Algeria is not a socialist state any longer.
This is a very good start.
This Berber carpet is handmade.
We have just arrived in Algeria.
We couldn't find Tom anywhere.
Is Algeria technically still at war with Morocco?
We have a Berber-speaking guide.
Are Algeria and Morocco technically still at war?
This is our flag, the Algerian flag.
This is our flag, the flag of Algeria.
He finally arrived at the Algerian border.
He never saw Algeria again.
He fled Algeria in 2004.
He found refuge in Algeria.
He was never able to return to Algeria.
Algeria is his country of birth.
This one's even better.
Fascists like Noureddine Khettal and Lakhdar Benkoula are trying to rewrite Algeria's entire history.
France massacred the people of Algeria.
Algeria has many international friends.
He never heard of Algeria.
He liked couscous so much.
I really hope that Tom is found quickly.
This chef was trained in Algeria.
He's one of Algeria's best pizza chefs.
This pizza cook comes from Algeria.
This is a very good thing.
They're singing in Berber.
Tom wants to find another job.
What's the poverty rate in Algeria?
Your job is to find it.
This gifted young violinist is from Algeria.
This professional concert pianist is from Algeria.
We found out that Tom was still married.
Algeria has sophisticated fighter aircraft.
Even the United States refrains from attacking Iran.
Algeria is heavily armed.
This is absolute nonsense.
Tom couldn't find his way out.
We visited the house where Didouche Mourad was born.
He knows the history of Algeria.
They took refuge in Algeria.
He openly criticizes the Algerian regime.
It's raining in Algiers.
I found that disgusting.
Kamel Messaoudi wrote this song.
Both Tom and Mary found the class boring.
This is all I ever wanted.
That's not why Tom wants that.
I found that irritating.
Tom found my necklace I thought I'd lost.
This is good for our team.
It was the least Tom could do.
He tied the canoe to the top of his car.
He tied his dog to a post.
He threw me an apple.
He threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up.
She threw a stone into the pond.
He threw a rock at the dog.
He thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
He said the plan might backfire.
He thinks that eating at a restaurant by himself is pathetic.
He thinks it will rain tomorrow.
He thinks he's being shadowed by a private detective.
He thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
He tends to exaggerate.
He tends to be lazy.
He talks like an old man.
He talked about school.
She talked about school.
We talked about his family.
She takes a walk every morning.
He takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
He takes a bath every evening after dinner.
He takes a bath at least three times a week.
He swore that he ate at least twice as much as his wife.
She burps a lot.
He suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
He suddenly felt tired.
He suddenly felt like he was going to faint.
He succeeded in getting elected.
He studied hard so he could get into college.
He stuck his nose where it didn't belong.
She stuck her nose where it didn't belong.
He stopped looking for the treasure and went back home.
We stood on our heads.
He stood on a chair so he could reach the top shelf.
He stood motionless, listening carefully.
She stayed up all night.
He stayed at home all day.
He started playing basketball three years ago.
I staggered to my feet.
He sprinkled some sugar on the toast.
I sprang to my feet.
He spent the last ten years of his life here.
She spent the last ten years of her life here.
He spent a week here.
He spends most of his money on food.
He speaks English so badly that he is often misunderstood.
He speaks English fairly well, doesn't he?
He speaks English better than any of the other students in his class.
He speaks four languages, but doesn't know how to be polite in any of them.
He sometimes says things he doesn't really believe.
He snuck out and had a few beers with his friends.
He slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room.
He sliced the banana with a knife.
He slept under mosquito netting.
He slept like a log all night and most of the next day.
He showed up early so he could get a good seat.
He showed up at about 3:30.
She showed me how to make spaghetti.
He showed me a picture of the food they had eaten.
He shouldn't have said such a thing.
He should take an umbrella because it looks like rain.
He should have left earlier.
They should have been more careful.
He should go to the gym.
He should go to bed early tonight since he has a test tomorrow.
He should go see a doctor.
She should go see a doctor.
He should consult an expert.
He should be out of the hospital by next Friday.
He should be home by now, but he's still at his office.
He should be back by 3:30.
He should be back before 3:30.
He shot himself in the foot accidentally.
He shared a well with his neighbor.
He shared a large number of ideas with the committee.
He sells shirts at a percent discount.
She sells shirts at a percent discount.
He seldom wins arguments.
He seldom goes out on Friday.
He seldom eats red meat.
He seldom bothers to comb his hair.
He seems to be sleeping.
He seems to catch the flu every year.
He seems to be very excited.
She seems to be very excited.
He seems to be much taller than he used to be.
He seems to be hard up for money.
He seems to be depressed.
He seems to be busy all the time.
She seems to be asleep.
He seems to be a good guitarist.
He seems to be a friendly person.
He seems to always say the right thing at the right time.
He seems to always be running into people he knows.
He seems to always be busy.
They seemed to enjoy themselves at the party last night.
He seemed to be somewhat disappointed.
He spent a lot of time trying to learn how to play the ney.
He takes bağlama lessons three times a week.
He spent most days begging for money in front of mosques.
Igor is a high-end fly fisherman who would not settle for anything but the best.
He should definitely visit the Hagia Sophia while he's in Istanbul.
They screamed for help.
He screamed at the top of his lungs.
I found the door locked.
That's not the reason that Tom wants that.
This is just what we need.
You won't be able to find Tom.
I had nobody to talk to.
The police found Tom's body in his garage.
This is kind like a dream.
Tom found out who Mary was.
I hope they can find us.
That's not the reason Tom wants to do that.
This is nothing new to me.
Maybe we'll never find Tom.
Let me help you find it.
I'd like to find out when Tom's birthday is.
This is something unusual.
Later that night, Tom died.
No survivors were found.
Tom will soon find out how different we are.
This is what I like doing.
Tom helped me find my dog.
This is obviously wrong.
I suspect Tom would feel that this is unfair.
Do you still need it?
Do you still need them?
This is what I like to do.
Tom found a taxi for Mary.
This is our only weapon.
I suspect that Tom would feel this is unfair.
This is what I love to do.
Tom found Mary's necklace.
This is personal for me.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out about this.
This is what must be done.
I hope Tom is found alive.
This is real high class.
We found quite a lot of junk in Tom's garage.
This is what we asked for.
I found out Tom was right.
This is really worrying.
Mary came to Boston, hoping to find a husband.
Was that part of the plan?
Tom's dog has been found.
This is somewhat vexing.
Tom found my necklace that I thought I'd lost.
Where do you live exactly?
Tom helped me find a job.
This is such a bad deal.
Tom was found dead in a cave behind his house.
You'll find out when I do.
Tom found work in Boston.
This is very suspicious.
We need to find Tom and tell him what happened.
I found it in the basement.
Tom found out about that.
This tea is really good.
That's not the reason that Tom wants to do that.
I refuse to discuss that with Tom.
I'll come back again later.
France invaded Algeria and slaughtered its people.
Tom will never find out.
What do they actually know about Algeria?
I'm the first Algerian they've ever met.
They became nervous when I told them I came from Algeria.
These young people are the future of Algeria.
We've been driving for a couple of hours through the Algerian countryside.
In this part of Algeria, the scenery is striking.
In this part of Algeria, you can find thick forests and untouched landscapes.
In this part of Algeria, the mountains are majestic.
Algeria needs to project its power in the region.
We need to make Algeria is very well known around the world.
We're hundreds of miles away from Algiers.
You can buy this in Algeria.
You don't need to know how to read Berber to know what this means.
My tour guide is Algerian.
I thought I had to do it.
Tlemcen is an Algerian city close to the Moroccan border.
He drove back to Algiers.
I'm driving back to Algiers.
I suspect that Tom would feel that this is unfair.
He has been invited back to Algeria.
The word biosphere comes from a Greek word meaning "life globe."
He returned to his hometown near Bejaia, Algeria.
He was banned from traveling to Algeria.
I've experienced it myself.
A person came whose language I didn't understand.
In this part of Algeria, people are not used to seeing foreigners.
Let's say it in French.
We're heading forty miles south of Algiers.
Beef is too expensive in Algeria.
Beef and mutton are too expensive in Algeria.
Beef and mutton are often too expensive in Algeria.
It's been about four years since I came to Algeria.
Tom wanted to find Mary.
Algerian food is simple and delicious.
Have you ever seen any Algerian movies?
It's your job to find it.
My favorite ritual is reading Algerian newspaper.
What have you heard about Algeria?
During the Bouteflika era, the Algerian government lost the trust of the people.
Tom found some bubblegum and bought it for his son.
They're waving Algerian flags.
Please help me find my mom.
I like Algeria better.
Algeria trades heavily with China.
Algeria continues to trade heavily with France.
This is a typical lunch in Algeria.
Algeria has a growing consumer class.
Tom liked what he found.
Are there karaoke bars in Algeria?
Algerians need to work harder.
No explosives were found.
There are no active volcanoes in Algeria.
We've never been this far inside Algeria.
I hope Tom has finally found what he was looking for.
In this part of Algeria, people are leading a slow and lazy life.
He was actually born in Algeria.
This is what we have to do.
How do you view your life?
Life in Algeria is a tough climb.
Tom helped me find Mary.
This is our headquarters.
Tom doesn't know what's going on, but he'll find out.
Where has all of Algeria's money gone?
Click here to find out more.
Does Algeria have S-missiles?
Tom found Mary pretty.
Does Trump own business ventures in Algeria?
Does Trump own any towers in Algeria?
Does Trump own any property in Algeria?
Does Trump own any hotels in Algeria?
Algeria's economy is sinking into recession.
This is our neighborhood.
How much damage can this do to the Algerian economy?
How much damage can the current political crisis do to the Algerian economy?
Is Algeria's economy prone to shocks?
Algeria needs to raise productivity.
I hope that Tom has finally found what he was looking for.
I'll find you another table.
Tom found Mary a taxi.
This is quite disturbing.
I think this is something that Tom didn't want us to find.
If it's there, I'll find it.
Tom has to find Mary.
This is what I had to do.
Tom found Mary's address written on a page in John's notebook.
Algeria's economy is in recession.
Tebboune has an ambitious program for Algeria.
Tebboune has a 54-point program for Algeria.
Algeria needs to sustain a better level of growth.
If you don't know, find out.
How much will Algeria's economy expand this year?
Algeria needs to improve its growth.
Algeria is one of Africa's biggest economies.
What's Algeria's per capita income?
The engines of Algeria's economy have slowed down.
I've been out of work for four months.
The Algerian government needs to cut costs.
Tom found Mary's dog.
Business is slow in Algeria.
Tebboune promised to transform Algeria.
Investments have dropped in Algeria.
This is what we have now.
Algeria's economy isn't doing well.
Algeria's economy is doing pretty well.
I think that this is something that Tom didn't want us to find.
Algeria needs to develop its labor-intensive economy.
We're staying in Algeria.
It's harvest time in Algeria.
Algerians can't even get meat for themselves.
Imagine yourself doing that.
Algerian farmers need to export part of their produce.
I wanted to find Tom.
Not many foreign tourists come to Algeria.
He lived in Algeria for four years.
He rents an apartment in Algiers.
He can't afford to live in Algiers.
He has to move to Algiers.
We didn't find any bombs.
Algeria is trying to draw foreign investors in.
Algeria has a chronic housing crisis.
Unless we can find another way, we'll do it the way Tom showed us.
This is the Algerian agriculture minister.
Algeria can't shut itself off from the world.
Cherif Omari is the Algerian agriculture minister.
Algeria could produce great products.
The border between Algeria and Tunisia is completely open.
How many new jobs does Algeria need to create annually?
Algeria needs to create lots of manufacturing jobs.
In Algeria, many young graduates are jobless.
In Algeria, many young graduates are unemployed.
Algeria needs to generate enough jobs for millions of young people.
Algeria needs to generate enough jobs for thousands of young graduates.
He has a small business in Algiers.
Many Algerians are struggling to make ends meet.
He lost all his money in Algeria.
In Algeria, President Tebboune is facing many challenges.
How much does Algeria's economy need to grow?
In Algeria, the manufacturing sector has not taken off.
Things will get better in Algeria.
Algeria needs political stability.
Algeria's economy needs to be re-engineered.
People do this all the time.
Tebboune will need to make some tough choices.
I finally found Tom.
You didn't ask me.
How does Algeria dispose of its hazardous waste?
How many landfill sites does Algeria have?
Algeria needs to improve its waste management.
Algeria needs to modernize its waste management.
How does Algeria dispose of its plastic waste?
Algeria needs to address the elephant in the room.
Algeria needs to address the dinosaur in the room.
Algeria needs to reduce its green-house emissions.
This technology has been used for years in Algeria.
Tom is at the club today.
There are few wooden buildings in Algeria.
What's holding Algeria's economy back?
Algeria is getting ready to vote.
Algeria still has a huge infrastructure gap.
Congestion in the capital, Algiers, costs Algeria billions in lost revenue.
More than three million people live and work in the Algerian capital.
Algeria is awesome.
I'm very proud of Algeria.
There's only one subway line in Algiers.
Tebboune needs to unlock Algeria's economic potentiel.
Algeria needs to reduce logistical costs.
This is not enough for Algeria's development needs.
Algeria needs to keep spending on building infrastructure.
Algeria gives big and generous allocations to education and healthcare in the state budget.
Algeria's state budget gives big allocations to education and healthcare.
Algeria's state budget gives generous allocations to education and healthcare.
Algeria needs more physical infrastructure to boost its economy.
Algeria needs much more physical infrastructure.
Algeria needs to revitalize its manufacturing sector.
Algeria needs to modernize its infrastructure.
The Algerian government could have done much more.
What's Algeria's biggest source of direct foreign investment?
You never helped me.
Algeria's economy is struggling.
Algeria needs to develop a more self-sufficient economy.
Algeria needs to spend more on infrastructure.
Algeria needs to improve its business climate.
How many Algerians live in extreme poverty?
He's struggling to earn a living in Algiers.
How many children are at risk of malnourishment in Algeria?
Tom probably didn't mind.
You've misjudged me.
I know what it means to need a mummy.
This is an open secret in Algeria.
This continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
Corruption continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
Algeria needs to produce its own food.
Algeria needs to grow its own food.
Bureaucracy continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
Algeria needs to build much more hospitals.
Algeria imports most of the food it consumes.
Our last stop was at Tom's place.
We found out Tom had lied.
You've never hurt me.
You won't learn much from Tom.
Algeria needs to eradicate corruption.
Algeria needs to eradicate bureaucracy.
Tom knew that he wasn't allowed to go there. Nevertheless, he went there.
Algeria needs to stamp out corruption.
Algeria's heavy bureaucracy encourages corruption.
Venezuela is crippled by its economic crisis.
Algeria and Venezuela are oil-rich countries.
In Algeria, inflation will continue to rise in 2020.
Algeria is faced with a squeeze of its cash reserves.
Algeria needs to raise its minimum wage.
Nothing will stop Algeria's economic reforms.
Tom knew about every detail of their plan.
Bananas are relatively cheap in Algeria.
Algeria needs to take measures to increase revenue.
How did Algeria get to this point?
Could Algeria get as poor as Venezuela?
Tom is going to the airport.
This will have a very little impact on Algeria's economy.
Algeria's new president, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, has a lot of government experience.
This is my report card.
We ran to catch up with Tom.
Tom stopped saying hello.
You saw me, didn't you?
How long has Tom worked here?
You should've asked me.
Tebboune is trying to transform Algeria's economy.
Tom will help with my French.
Why did you hide from me?
Can Tebboune create a better economy for Algeria?
I was surprised at what Tom knew about me.
Can Algeria recover from its economic crisis?
Their company pulled out of Algeria.
Is the Algerian government running out of cash?
Algeria can feed its people.
I promised Mary not to tell Tom anything about her affair with my brother.
Algeria is a key player within OPEC.
Algeria is an OPEC member.
Let the girls notice that bulge.
Algeria's economic crisis is likely to continue.
A lot of Algeria's economic problems are self-inflicted.
Algeria's economic crisis is caused by years of economic mismanagement.
I don't find Tom at all funny.
Watch out, a dog!
You'll tell me, won't you?
I would not be here if I had not been a nutcase.
The willow is old.
The road is very curvy.
Can one gulp a spoonful of cinnamon without coughing?
Wipe those three funnels up.
Rub my one gently.
Cannot care a less about it.
Then I worked at the post office.
I can run more quickly than Tom.
I find Tom's voice irritating.
You all hate me, don't you?
Tom was at the club yesterday.
Do you all hate me?
You both saw me, didn't you?
You can't trust the police.
You can't trust the police here.
I wonder what Tom really meant.
You did warn me, didn't you?
This is bad news for Australia.
You didn't see me, did you?
I'm not a moviegoer.
Tom let me to use his computer.
Here's what's happening.
You're just flat out wrong.
We should give Tom his space until he's ready to talk to us.
Women are individuals.
We found out that Tom had lied.
Pour yourself another drink.
Tom is going to find out anyway.
That's all part of the plan.
Tom is still sitting in his car.
That's just part of the job.
Make sure that you tell Tom that.
The mystery has been solved.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out.
This is absolutely pathetic.
This is bad for the economy.
Tom says that Mary will find out.
This is just a hobby for me.
What do you like? What don't you like?
This is my personal opinion.
Tom needs to find a place to rent.
This is only partially true.
This is our dream come true.
I'm just that kind of person.
Tom found a dead cat in his garage.
Tom is just that kind of person.
This is out of the question.
Tom's body was found in his garage.
This is part of the process.
We found out Tom wanted to do that.
This wasn't so easy to find.
If you can, find out what Tom needs.
Tomorrow is going to be hot.
The layer of ice is thick enough to walk on.
If you find Tom, please let me know.
We're determined to do this.
Tom didn't find anyone in the shack.
Where did you find this map?
Tom found Mary hiding in his closet.
You all hated me, didn't you?
Tom didn't find anybody in the shack.
You both hate me, don't you?
We found Tom unconscious in his room.
You live near me, don't you?
Do you think Tom will be found guilty?
Call me if you find anything.
Call me if you need any help.
The dress that Mary is wearing today is her favorite.
The dress Mary is wearing today is her favorite.
Tom found the door to his office open.
Everyone knew that except me.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't find out.
Good help is so hard to find.
We never found out what Tom was doing.
You all despise me, don't you?
Tom and Mary found a baby on their front porch.
Tom found his office door open.
I don't think this is normal.
I hope Tom finds what he's looking for.
I hope that they can find us.
Tom found some kittens under his house.
I'm trying to find a way out.
Do you think Tom will be found innocent?
I've experienced that myself.
Tom found Mary's car in John's driveway.
I've had too many close calls.
Tom sits at the table near the window.
Tom seems to have a lot of friends here.
It took me months to do that.
We don't know what Tom is going to find.
Maybe we can find the answer.
But this is public property and thе press is entitled to access.
We found out that Tom wanted to do that.
That woman is very beautiful.
This woman is very beautiful.
It looks like Mary has found a boyfriend.
This is all for the children.
They're both Canadians, aren't they?
It looks like Tom has found a girlfriend.
This isn't what we asked for.
Tom sat down at a table near the window.
Tom chose a table near the window.
I doubt if Tom could find Boston on a map.
Anyone who says they have no regrets is saying, ''I am an dickhead.''
I thanked Tom for his work.
Thank you for replying.
"Is my translation OK?" "You couldn't have translated it any better."
Do you think that this translation is OK?
Do you think this translation is OK?
Do you think that this translation is accurate?
Do you think this translation is accurate?
You don´t feel like someone who cares too much what others think.
Does this translation sound OK to you?
Tom called to say thanks.
Thanks for the heads up.
Tom never says "thank you."
Reload the page.
Life is as interesting as you make it.
He says it's raining.
I'm rearranging the furniture in the living room.
I'm relining the shelves.
We're going to divide up work.
I thought you were going to divide up work.
Thanks for voting for me.
I can't take it back. It's against store policy.
You can thank Tom for this.
Thanks for all you've done.
It's good Tom is on the job.
I always tease people I love.
He came to pick her up for a blind date.
He didn't hear me.
He's always exhausted when he gets back from work.
He's always exhausted when he gets back from the market.
He took a nap in the living room.
A big meal always makes me so sleepy.
We're eating pizza.
We're getting tattoos.
Thank you for protecting us.
That's what he called it.
He does this for free.
He can never have me.
He has flowers for you.
He's back from the market.
His problem is not physical.
He could do a lot more if he wanted to.
He's eating meat.
He's wearing a condom.
He left in his wheelchair and he never came back.
We have to do something constructive.
Don't you have to go back to work?
He gave you the wrong directions.
He reads comic books.
They share an underwear drawer.
He hates Star Trek.
He's gonna believe that.
He's ready for bed already.
He bought a nectarine.
Thanks Tom. I appreciate it.
His social security check is late.
His arthritis is bothering him again.
We have married each other for generations.
He was a fan of those cigars.
He is incorrigible.
His wife is a cheap slut.
His teeth are nice.
He has a confession to make.
He completed the crossword puzzle.
He was reading the TV guide.
He never graduated from high school.
He's taking a history test.
He doesn't speak a word of Berber.
He did better than her.
He was doing very well in every subject.
He was bad at Berber.
He was doing well in every subject, except Berber.
Let's all go out for dinner. It's on me.
He's a man and I'm a woman.
During classes he dislikes, Tom always sits where the teacher can hardly see him — and sleeps.
He's gonna lose his lunch.
I can see through your shirt.
He knows the rules.
She barely covered her breasts.
She barely covered her boobs.
He looks perky today.
He ate the cheese cake.
She's trying to steal Skura's man.
I have no ego.
He failed the Berber test.
If he fails the Berber test, he won't get his diploma.
Let's keep this at an adult level.
Where's my Berber workbook?
He invited her yesterday out to the movies.
He invited her yesterday out to dinner.
He smelt the aroma of a cigar.
He smokes cheap cigars.
He's so generous.
He has given it to me.
He has virtually no social life.
His life is dull and borning.
He can't buy that.
Don't believe everything you read in that rag.
I was in Algeria, working on a novel.
He was totally naked.
She wears too much makeup and looks like a slut.
He's all dressed up.
His behind was in my face.
Big Jinping is watching you.
He's really lost.
He called the emergency car service.
He has a lovely home.
He's Algerian, isn't he?
"He's Algerian, isn't he?" "What difference does it make?"
He's not the kind of person I want as a friend.
He's not coming tonight.
Best friends are hard to come by.
He had a heart attack.
He got struck by lightning.
Has he ever been married?
He's interested in Skura.
He's acting like a spy.
He's in the broom closet.
He's inspecting the broom closet.
Do you mind if we postpone our date?
He's an expert lip reader.
He's going for a walk.
He's a generous man.
He's a caring man.
He's a dead man.
That's all he did.
Her purse is still over there.
He didn't tell us how it happened.
He never told us how it happened.
He had a marvelous time with her.
I think Tom will be there.
He never remarried after the divorce.
He can make things work.
He really needs to try.
He needs to give her another chance.
His marriage was falling apart.
She left school to become a fashion model.
She's a fashion model.
You need to stop telling me how to run my life.
He didn't say and I didn't want to ask.
I would like to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage.
He can't decide who to choose.
He chose none of them.
How did his car get dented?
He fired us.
Has he ever lied to you?
Didn't you hear me honking?
He has a plane to catch.
"Into the kitchen, Skura." "What?" "You heard me. Into the kitchen. I want to talk to you."
He's doing it again.
"Let's go." "Finally."
He did a terrible thing.
Have a good trip and call me.
He invited everyone he knew.
He threw a party and invited everyone he knew.
He died playing poker.
He hasn't seen his mother in over four years.
They spent very little quality time together.
He has been in there for forty minutes. What's he doing?
What's he writing?
He decided to keep a journal.
He's a lousy photographer.
He has waited his whole life to visit Algeria.
He finished his book.
He finished his Berber dictionary.
Thank you for flying with us.
When will it rain again?
We have to discuss the price.
He doesn't have forty thousand dinars.
You look better than a lot of other women here.
Tom thanked his predecessor.
This work echoes van Gogh.
The weather today is minging!
The weather today is mingin'!
It's filthy weather today!
You ought to read books.
Thank you for hearing me out.
They're gonna auction off some of his art this week.
She will be sixty-five years old tomorrow.
All of a sudden, Bello broke loose from his lead, bolted towards the river and leapt in. Only now do we realise the reason for this unexpected behaviour lay in the fate of a drowning fawn which the dog pulled up on the bank and thus rescued.
Bello suddenly broke free from his lead, ran towards the river and jumped in. The reason the dog behaved in this surprising way, we only now realise, was so that he could rescue a drowning fawn which he fished out onto the riverbank.
The Great Dog is a constellation.
Canis Major is a constellation.
Tom thanked me for the book.
Thanks for the fast response.
Tom deserves a big thank you.
Don't sweat it, Tom.
Thank you for a job well done.
Who are these jokers?
I thanked Tom for his support.
Thank you for the explanation.
Tom thanked Mary for the book.
Thanks a lot for all the help.
I thanked Tom for his patience.
Thanks to everyone who helped.
Tom thanked us for our support.
Thank you for being by my side.
You have Tom to thank for that.
Thank you for being on my side.
Just thank God Tom wasn't there.
Thanks to everybody who helped.
It's good that Tom is on the job.
Between 13th and 15th February 1945, British and American bombers fire bombed the city of Dersden, Germany. These action were later deemed a war crime.
Thank you for sharing that idea.
Tom thanked Mary for her apology.
Thanks for making me feel so welcome.
Tom thanked Mary for saying that.
Do you know the address?
That's an idealistic notion.
It is much more beautiful to know something about about everything than to know everything about one thing.
Having eaten lunch, we all took a nap.
Thanks very much for joining us.
Whoever says that they have no regrets actually says: "I'm a fool."
Ducks feed on worms, crustaceans, aquatic insects, and algae.
Do you what it means to be old today? You know all of the answers, but nobody asks you the questions.
This food is enough for two.
Tom thanked Mary for her patience.
This truck looks like a house on wheels.
Journalists are people who believe that you can refine an announcement if you call it a report.
Currently, my cousin is a professor of Foreign Languages.
During the move, we threw out a ton of junk.
Come down and eat with us.
They haven't answered me yet.
I haven't been able to talk to her yet.
Thanks for making me feel welcome.
After dinner, Tom thanked the host.
Every book has its destiny.
I translated the article in French.
You have a lot of money, I don't.
I began to play piano when I was fifteen years old.
Back then, I didn't earn enough to support my family.
This broadcast was scheduled for a very late hour.
The group keeps getting smaller.
Thanks for your thoughtful comment.
In Basque, the active subject should have an ergative case marker.
You ask me why I buy rice and flowers? I buy rice to live and flowers to have something to live for.
I believe in eternal life.
He sacrificed his life.
My name is Julo.
Indifference reigns.
Just thank God Tom wasn't in there.
After the Fukushima disaster, many people foresee the end of the nuclear era.
Tom pushed his glasses up.
The Roman Emperor Constantine promoted Christianity beginning in the year 313.
I am proud to be Brazilian.
I've done a truly stupid thing.
I thought that you wouldn't believe in me.
Thank you for taking care of my dog.
Thank God Tom warned me about that.
These are not to be touched.
Thanks for responding to my comment.
Tom thanked God for protecting him.
Thanks for helping me make up my mind.
Tom thanked Mary for the gift card.
Thank you for sharing your ideas with us.
I want to thank you all for this opportunity.
I owe both you and Tom a big thanks.
I don't like chicken.
Thank God Tom isn't here to see this.
However, at the beginning of the year, the new director hired him again.
The jump fell short.
Are the rivers in Africa big?
You have to wait in line to get into the club.
The government should invest more in health and security.
Our headquarters will open tomorrow.
I needed a good laugh.
This was an isolated action.
I like the department's chemistry classes.
They killed my friend in a fight between neighborhood gangs.
I can't understand how something like this could happen.
Yulia Brodskaya's works are fascinating.
My name is Tamako. What's yours?
I ate takoyaki in Osaka.
My back hurts a lot.
Penguins are peculiar birds.
When we blow up an image, it usually loses its quality.
It's better if you keep this money in a safer location.
Social progress can be measured by the social standing of the feminine sex.
Tom thanked Mary as he left the room.
After falling down, Nicolás was left down on the pavement, without the strength to pick himself up.
That path can easily be traversed by foot.
I won't be happy, but at least I have a husband.
I have a hectare of land.
Beautiful things grow amongst thorns.
Learning English requires dedication.
I wrote a song for her.
The crisis of capitalism concerns Chinese communists.
I wrote her a song.
My bicycle has chrome plated rims.
You're right as usual.
When I get drunk, I get verbal diarrhea.
I'm warning you that the bridge is in very bad condition.
Will the Bank of Algeria raise its interest rates to strengthen the Algerian currency?
Tom thanked the team for their support.
Algeria is a strong ally of Russia.
Turkey is a very important investor in Algeria.
Algeria's economy is relatively small.
Is Algeria out of the woods yet?
Algeria's economy has survived so far.
Algeria's economy depends on oil.
Is Algeria an emerging market?
Algeria trades a great deal with Turkey.
How is Algeria exposed to China's problems?
It's really important for Algeria to normalize its relations with the West.
Algeria should normalize its relations with the West as soon as possible.
This might come in handy.
This economic crisis couldn't come at a worse time for Algeria.
Algeria is facing serious structural issues.
People don't know what's going to happen in Algeria.
What happened in Venezuela won't happen in Algeria.
Agriculture represents only 12% of Algeria's economy.
We're worried about Algeria's economy.
Algeria's economy is in a technical recession.
Algeria needs foreign investment.
Algeria needs infrastructure projects.
Algeria is constructing multiple railroad lines.
Algeria is constructing new railroad lines.
How much of Algeria's budget is lost to corruption?
Does Algeria have an anti-corruption commission?
Algeria is building affordable housing for its citizens.
Tom was able to do that thanks to Mary.
He wrote a book about the Berber language.
Can Algeria live without Europe?
Algeria could face a critical economic crisis.
Algeria could face a critical financial crisis.
Algeria has introduced a plan to reform its economy.
Does Algeria have a plan to curb inflation?
Algeria needs to raise salaries.
It's necessary for Algeria to raise salaries.
People in Algeria are confused.
How did Algeria's economic crisis develop?
Algeria could suffer a cash shortage.
Instead of cutting spending, Algeria printed more money.
Iran was hit by international sanctions.
Algeria is very different from China.
What do you think about Algeria?
I hope the fish are biting.
Will inflation continue in Algeria?
How are Algerians viewing all this?
Algerians need to put their faith in Tebboune's government.
It's too early to say whether Tebboune's reforms are successful or not.
It's too early to say whether Tebboune's measures are successful or not.
Algeria will not collapse.
Algeria's economy will not collapse.
Algerians are beginning to trust Tebboune.
Foreigners are reluctant to invest in Algeria.
Foreigners don't want to invest in Algeria.
Many young Algerians are fleeing their country.
Algeria boasts enormous oil riches.
Algeria boasts enormous oil and gas riches.
Algeria is overdependent on oil.
Algeria needs to become self-sufficient in agriculture.
Algeria is reaping the results of decades of economic mismanagement.
Algeria, Russia, and China are friendly towards Iran and Venezuela.
Algeria is a massive economy.
Algeria could become a massive growing economy.
China can help Algeria modernize its infrastructure.
You have Tom to thank for your failure.
China is helping Algeria modernize its infrastructure.
There won't be chaos in Algeria.
There won't be chaos in Kabylie.
Tebboune has introduced new economic reforms.
Algeria has plenty of skilled workers.
Algerians are very open-minded people.
As a foreigner living in Algeria, I can testify to this.
Algerians are very tolerant people.
They treated them differently for being Algerians.
Presidential elections are every five years.
How dire things are of Algerians?
He crossed the border to Algeria.
He says there is no future in Algeria.
Algeria could have become a very wealthy country when oil prices were very high ten years ago.
Could Algeria become a magnet for immigrants?
We need to be really careful.
There are people that believe everything they hear.
The residents fled because the house was in flames.
He was a fervent follower of Bouteflika.
He knew Bouteflika personally.
He admired Bouteflika.
There are millions of Algerians that want to leave the country.
You have Tom to thank for your success.
He's being treated in Algeria.
He doesn't have a visa to remain legally in Algeria.
Both of them moved to Algeria.
He doesn't want to leave Algeria.
Thousands and thousands of Algerian youth are leaving their country.
Many Algerians have lost faith in the government.
I love eating watermelon in the summer.
We took a look for ourselves.
Algeria is in a crisis.
Algerians are now demonstrating against the government.
They're talking about Algerian politics.
Algerians want to avoid bloodshed.
The Algerian government wants to avoid bloodshed.
Tom thanked Mary for taking care of him.
Bouteflika was very popular.
Bouteflika had power and money.
Algeria is still using oil to bring social change.
Algeria needs to reduce its vulnerability to oil price bust.
Algeria is importing everything, including clothes.
Everybody in Algeria knows that oil prices are cyclical.
Bouteflika got sick.
Algeria's economy started to go down in 2014.
Algeria's economy is doing poorly.
You agree with me, don't you?
Her nose was bleeding.
Now no one wants to take responsibility.
Every month, he sends money to Algeria.
I would like it if you did it yourself.
The black cat is eating a white rat.
I have a gluten intolerance.
Algeria has large petroleum reserves.
Thanks to my short legs, I have to shorten all of the pants that I buy.
This could go badly.
It could be worse!
He's a reporter and has been documenting the Algerian crisis.
He's an Algerian journalist.
Don't walk around the house in a robe!
Smail Yefsah was an Algerian journalist.
In the scene, Mary is a controversial and irreverent comic.
I'm not a xenophobe.
Tahar Djaout was an Algerian poet.
Mouloud Feraoun was an Algerian writer.
He doesn't respect our code of honor.
Algeria is rich in oil.
During the Bouteflika era, Algeria was ruled by a corrupt elite.
Algeria has launched ambitious social programs.
Algeria is suffering from the oil crash of 2014.
Her husband went to Algeria because of the crisis.
He fled Algeria because of the crisis.
Venezuela is on the brink of famine.
The Algerian government needs hard cash.
Many Algerian migrants send remittances to their families.
I was born in Algeria and I want to die here.
If he had a chance, he would leave Algeria.
It's the crisis that make him want to leave Algeria.
Tom always says "please" and "thank you."
He crossed the border to Algeria illegally.
Algeria needs highly educated people.
Algeria has a total population of million.
In the 1970s, Algeria was considered a beacon of prosperity.
During the Bouteflika era, corruption spiraled out of control.
You can't even begin to compare with Tom.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars at will.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars without parliamentary oversight.
The wound will not stop bleeding.
Algeria's corrupt officials dipped into the country's petrodollars without accountability.
Today the airport workers are going on strike.
Bouteflika and his entourage had unchecked access to Algeria's oil revenues.
During the Boutelfika era, billions of dollars vanished into private coffers.
Men aren't always what they seem to be, but rarely are they something better.
Tom left Mary for another girl.
The Algerian government needs to take more drastic measures.
Tebboune knows the Algerian system from within.
The finish line seems to move farther away whenever we get closer.
The girl is smiling in the picture.
You have a right to be angry.
Many Algerian journalists denounced the corruption of the Bouteflika family.
I'm using wireless headphones.
In older manuscripts, the number of the Beast is not but instead 616.
Algeria's political decline began under President Bouteflika.
My father died when the cherry blossoms were in full bloom.
During the Bouteflika era, billions in public revenues went missing.
I like to wake up early to take advantage of the morning.
Under Bouteflika, many state-owned company were driven into the ground because of mismanagement.
Almost all of Algeria's necessities have to be imported.
Avocado skin is quite thick.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria made many fateful economic errors.
Tebboune claims he knows where Algeria's corrupt officials stashed their dirty money.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's corrupt officials siphoned billions of dollars out of the country.
Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials plundered Algeria.
Can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
How can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
He still lives in Algeria.
There are a huge amount of carbon deposits in the country.
Algeria needs to be freed from corruption.
Esperanto is neither the language of the angels or the language of the future. Esperanto is my language, our language, and we can use it today, here and now.
I was about to give up when suddenly I found a solution.
I'm not a slacker, I just like to rest before I get tired.
You have to do this yourself.
I think Tom will thank me when he's older.
All the men were found guilty.
Tom doesn't need to thank me for anything.
Everyone found it interesting.
Tom thanked his friends for their support.
Are you sure it's his?
I do a lot of online shopping.
I didn't say I was going to, I just wanted to.
Do you think that Tom will be found guilty?
I have important things to do.
Eventually, Tom did what we told him to do.
I have no idea how to do this.
That's how this heroic epic ended.
If found guilty, Tom faces a life sentence.
His speech was very interesting.
He's the best runner.
He's been on the phone for over an hour.
He's interested in mountaineering.
He'll go there tomorrow.
He was up all night.
He was fired without notice.
He was a little disappointed.
He wants to get rich quickly.
He took a step backwards.
He thinks it'll rain tomorrow.
He speaks like an old man.
He showed me how to make spaghetti.
He shouldn't have said that.
He sat in the front row.
He said I should talk to you.
He said he knew where the body was buried.
He doesn't like pets.
I thought that I had to do it.
I hope that Tom finds what he's looking for.
It took me hours to find this.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he did.
It's hard to find steady work.
May I leave my suitcases here?
Tom's parents both work in the same factory.
Please help me find my mother.
Do you think that Tom will be found innocent?
That's how we dealt with that.
You should always knock on Tom's door before you enter his room.
You should always knock on the door before you enter my room.
You don't know when Tom is coming, do you?
You don't have to do what Tom tells you.
You don't have to do what Tom tells you to do.
You should ask them for help.
You can always ask Tom for help.
You can always ask us for help.
Why did Tom decide not to go there?
Why do you think Tom wasn't in class today?
Why do you think Tom likes chess so much?
Who gave Tom those coins?
Who gave Tom that money?
Who gave Tom so much money?
Who else should I talk to?
How did you get Tom not to come?
When did Tom leave here?
What'll you get Tom for his birthday?
What surprised me the most was how much Tom ate.
What surprised me the most was how long Tom slept.
What surprised me most was how long Tom slept.
What surprised me most was how much Tom ate.
What really matters is how we deal with this issue.
What really matters the most is how we deal with this issue.
What really matters is how we deal with this matter.
What kind of woman could love such a man?
What kind of computer does Tom have?
What's the most important point?
What's Tom's new car like?
Her speech was very interesting.
She's the best runner.
She's been on the phone for over an hour.
She's interested in mountaineering.
She'll go there tomorrow.
She was up all night.
She was fired without notice.
She was afraid to swim.
She was a little disappointed.
She was a bad student.
She wants to study abroad.
She wants to go to the movies.
She wants to get rich quickly.
She volunteered to help.
She took a step backwards.
She told his friends that he never ate meat.
She threw me an apple.
She thinks it'll rain tomorrow.
She takes a bath every evening after dinner.
She spends most of her money on food.
She shouldn't have said that.
She should go to the gym.
She sat in the front row.
She said I should talk to you.
She said she knew where the body was buried.
She made some mistakes on the test.
She doesn't like pets.
She takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
He said he had a stomachache and left the room.
She said she had a stomachache and left the room.
He's in high school.
She's in high school.
He came home yesterday.
She came home yesterday.
You're his friend, aren't you?
You're a friend of his, aren't you?
You shouldn't have borrowed her car.
You should always knock on the door before you enter his room.
You should always knock on the door before you enter her room.
You don't know why he didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know when she's coming, do you?
You don't know when he's coming, do you?
You can't rely on her.
You can always ask him for help.
You can always ask her for help.
Why would she do something like that?
Why do you think she wasn't in class today?
Why do you think she wasn't at school today?
Why do you think she likes chess so much?
Why do you think he wasn't in class today?
Why didn't you tell her the truth?
Why did he decide not to go there?
Why did she decide not to go there?
Who gave him those coins?
Who gave him that money?
Who gave him so much money?
Who gave her those coins?
Who gave her that money?
Who gave her so much money?
Who does she work for?
Where was she working then?
When did she leave here?
What'll you get her for her birthday?
What surprised me the most was how many hours a day he slept.
What made him so sad?
I had to run to catch up with her.
What kind of computer does she use?
What kind of computer does he have?
What kind of computer does she have?
What's his new car like?
What's her new car like?
What's he doing now?
What's she doing here at this hour?
We couldn't find all the items on Tom's list.
That's only part of the story.
Tom thanked Mary for her patience and support.
The time has come to find out.
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.
There was a hole in my pocket.
I think that Tom will thank me when he's older.
This is a lot of fun to watch.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he's done.
We found a way to get it done.
Tom thought he'd found the right woman for him.
Why are all the cabinets open?
It looks like Tom needs to study a little harder.
You all missed me, didn't you?
Tom advised me not to buy a used car.
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.
Tom is a cheerful person.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston to visit his uncle.
I encourage everyone to get here early.
I encourage everybody to get here early.
I wanted Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I want Tom to stay where he is until I get back.
Will we be able to finish this in time?
Is the letter W an upside-down M or is M an upside-down W?
This is going to be pretty easy.
This is going to be pretty easy, I think.
They've been to Mexico.
I've decided I'm going to shave my head.
I've decided that I'm going to shave my head.
I've decided to shave my head.
The clouds dissipated and the sun rose.
I can't understand why Tom turned down that job.
I want Tom to play something for me on the piano.
I don't know anything about basketball.
I tried to hire Tom to take care of my children.
I didn't expect anything bad to happen.
I consider myself really, really lucky.
What possible reason would Tom have to do that?
Tom and Mary have been to Australia.
Tom and Mary have been to Australia several times.
Tom and Mary have been to Australia before.
Just seeing you smile makes me happy.
Tom got upset when he found out Mary was leaving.
You'll wait for me, won't you?
Tom found the box just where Mary said it would be.
Everybody found it interesting.
Thanks to Tom we were able to get the job done early.
I found that meeting stressful.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he's done for us.
I'm finding it hard to breathe.
Tom got upset when he found out that Mary was leaving.
I've never eaten kangaroo meat.
I want to thank Tom for inviting me to give this speech.
It's just a part of the puzzle.
Tom found Mary's diary in the bottom drawer of her dresser.
Look what I found in my garden.
All Tom has to do is be there. He doesn't need to say anything.
My father made me go to school.
Clean your towels properly.
How do you clean your towels?
He purchased some new towels.
How do you wash your towels?
Never use bleach to wash your towels.
Don't use fabric softener to wash your towels.
When you wash your towels, try to avoid overloading your washing machine.
The towels shrank.
You shouldn't overdry those towels.
You shouldn't overdry your towels.
How do I deodorize my towels?
This towel has a nasty odor.
This is a nice towel.
This is a luxury towel.
He sells towels on his site.
These towels are very expensive.
He wants to purchase new towels.
When was the last time you washed these towels?
These are wonderful towels.
This towel has an ivory color.
This towel is absorbent.
This towel is very, very soft.
This towel feels very soft.
This towel is 100% cotton.
This towel is 100% Egyptian cotton.
He took a look at the towels.
These towels are very, very absorbent.
I was only teasing you.
These towels are beautiful.
These towels absorb water.
This towel can hold more water.
This towel is stiff.
This towel is super soft.
This towel is absorbing.
He was scrubbing his skin with a rough towel.
I have an extra towel.
The towel is in the tub.
The towel is on the floor.
The towel fell to the floor.
Scrubbing wore the towel out.
These towels are cheap.
These towels are inexpensive.
How do I care for my towels?
We have a huge selection of towels.
This towel has stronger fibers.
These towels absorb a little bit better.
He ruined my towels.
This towel has a bleach stain.
He washed his towels with fabric softener.
The towels didn't bleach.
I hate white towels.
You have really good towels.
They make good towels here.
What is this towel made of?
These towels are wonderful.
This towel is woven in Algeria.
These towels are made in Algeria.
This company does nothing but make towels.
He never used your towels.
I need my towels.
I want a towel.
Please give me a towel.
Egyptian cotton towels are terrific.
Choose that towel. It's terrific.
We have quality towels.
I've tested these towels myself and they're terrific.
These towels are lovely.
These towels are beautiful but expensive.
What does this towel feel?
This towel feels slippery.
This towel has printed patterns.
Tom loves to tease Mary.
This towel is so beautiful. It has printed patterns.
This towel is extra large.
I need an extra large towel.
I'm a huge guy and I need extra large towels.
I use towels every day.
We all use towels every day.
He has raggy towels.
He has dirty towels.
His towels are raggy and dirty.
They have different kinds of towels.
Bullying and teasing aren't allowed here.
Tom loves to tease his sister.
It doesn't feel good to be teased, does it?
Tom often teases me about that.
My classmates used to tease me about my accent.
Be careful not to tease Tom too much.
This towel is thick and heavy.
This towel is thick.
This towel is heavy.
This towel absorbs a little bit better.
This fabric softener makes towels feel soft.
My daughter ruined my towels.
My towels faded.
This is my favorite towel.
You know that this is my favorite towel.
What do you know about towels?
I know a lot about towels.
I got teased about my weight when I was growing up.
I'm also from Algiers.
"Where are you from?" "Algiers."
This is a luxury bath towel.
Tom hesitated and looked confused.
These towels come in four colors.
I like the texture of this towel.
Tom took something out of his pocket.
He got out of the shower and put a bath towel on himself.
I hate this towel. It's too rough.
This towel is made of pure linen.
This towel is 100% pure linen.
This towel is made of an environmentally friendly fabric.
I wonder how long we've been here.
If you're going over to somebody's house, better take your own towels.
These towels are also beautiful.
This is a waffle towel.
This waffle towel is made of Egyptian cotton.
These towels are very efficient.
How much is this towel?
How much did these towels cost?
I was expecting this towel to be a dollars.
I would buy a waffle towel.
I would buy this towel.
I think that I'd buy this towel.
Which towel is your favorite?
This is a fluffy towel.
You can have the towel.
"I love this towel." "You can have it."
Are these towels free?
Fold your towels.
I'm gonna show you how to fold the towels.
Spread the towel on the bed.
Spread the towel on the sand.
Spread the towel on the ground.
Spread the towel on the floor.
Spread the towel on the table.
This towel smells of vomit.
It's easy to forget that the microphone is on.
It's easy to forget that the mic is on.
The towels were tightly folded.
He's done folding the towels.
Tom and Mary like to tease each other.
He spread the towel on the sofa.
It's easy to forget the microphone is on.
How often should I wash my towels?
It's easy to forget the mic is on.
This towel is tightly rolled up.
He rolled the towel up.
How often do you wash your towels?
How often should towels be washed?
He left his parents behind in Algeria.
Don't leave me alone in Algeria.
He can help you from Algeria.
My father used to always say that you only tease the ones you love.
I send money to Algeria every month or so.
He has been living in Algeria since April 4.
Has the rule of law eroded in Algeria?
I'm going to give a workshop in Algeria.
There is no gun violence in Algeria.
Tom and Mary like to tease one another.
He lives with his mother and sister in Algeria.
I refuse to lose faith in Algeria.
Algeria is the most beautiful country.
Some officials say that they love Algeria but they don't really mean it.
In the 1970s, Algerians were bombarded with propaganda on state radio and TV.
Gasoline isn't free in Algeria.
In 2018, Algeria printed money to finance its deficit.
There are relatively few independent media outlets in Algeria.
Tom got questioned by the cops.
Tom got questioned by the police.
Tom was questioned by the cops.
Morocco shut its border with Algeria.
Algeria has global strategic significance.
Tom had the same questions I had.
Tom had the same questions that I had.
Like Syria and Libya, Algeria has strategic significance.
When I was young, I often got teased because one of my ears if bigger than the other.
Algeria has become a bargaining chip in a global game of poker.
Algeria will never collapse.
Algeria has vast natural resources.
Algeria will solve its crisis.
I've asked that question many times, but no one has ever given me a satisfactory answer.
I've asked that question many times, but nobody has ever given me a satisfactory answer.
He spoke with President Tebboune of Algeria.
Algeria wants to preserve the unity of OPEC states.
In Algeria, oil is a key factor.
Algeria's enemies want Algerians to kill each other.
The enemies of Algeria want Algerians to kill each other.
Algeria will never be divided.
Algeria will always preserve its national unity.
Algeria's unity can never be questioned.
Algeria's national unity can never be questioned.
Tom says that he isn't going to answer any questions.
Tom says he isn't going to answer any questions.
No one has the right to question Algeria's national unity.
Algeria is here to stay.
I've written down some questions that I'd like answered.
I've written down some questions I'd like answered.
We shall defend Algeria to the last drop of our blood.
We shall defend Algeria's unity to the last drop of our blood.
Algeria is here to stay united for ever.
Algeria will never disappear.
Algeria is not a tribal nation.
Tom gets teased about being overweight.
That's a question that I often get asked.
That's a question I often get asked.
Does Algeria have a rubbish crisis?
This is a question I get a lot.
Does Algeria have a garbage crisis?
This is a question that I get a lot.
He traveled about an hour outside Algiers.
That's actually a question I get a lot.
That's actually a question that I get a lot.
That's a bold question, but it's one that you should ask.
That's a bold question, but it's one you should ask.
That's something that most of us don't question.
That's something most of us don't question.
It's a question of historical accuracy.
There are lots of garbage scavengers in Algiers.
He lives on the fringes of Algiers.
This is probably one of the most frequently-asked questions that we get.
This is probably one of the most frequently-asked questions we get.
He's committed to giving his children an Islamic education.
He's committed to teaching his children Berber.
The demolition site is covered with plastic mesh to keep down the dust.
This is not the easiest way to make a living in Algeria.
Algeria's future isn't uncertain.
That's the question that nobody wants to ask.
That's the question nobody wants to ask.
That's the question that no one wants to ask.
That's the question no one wants to ask.
Algeria needs to solve its environmental problems with high-tech solutions.
That's a question that nobody has ever asked me before.
That's a question nobody has ever asked me before.
That's a question that no one has ever asked me before.
That's a question no one has ever asked me before.
Does Algeria still produce coal?
When did Tom pop the question?
Algeria still has a long way to go to become a developed country.
Has Tom popped the question?
Has Tom asked you to marry him?
When did you and Tom get married?
Algeria needs to recycle more.
Algerians need to keep their environment clean.
Algerians need to keep their cities clean.
The NSA and the CIA use a global network of spies and informants.
He became one of Algeria's loudest critics.
No question Tom has done a great job.
There's no question that Tom has done a great job.
There's no question Tom has done a great job.
I was called a liar.
He defected to Algeria.
Algeria is safe.
He fled to Algeria in 2004.
Algeria hasn't changed.
He continues to speak out against corruption in Algeria.
He was murdered in Algeria.
He says he works for Algeria's state security.
Is Algeria a democratic country?
Bouteflika assumed power in 1999.
The authorities refused to let him leave Algeria.
He compared Israel's actions in the occupied territories to Nazi Germany.
I don't think this book would sell in Algeria.
They don't want to anger the Algerian government.
He's a well-known Algerian blogger.
Do you feel safe in Algeria?
She was jailed in Algeria.
He disappeared from Algeria.
Algeria and China have developed a solid friendship.
We're invited to a Berber New Year's celebration in Algiers.
Everybody asks that question.
Everyone asks that question.
That's not a question that I usually get.
That's not a question I usually get.
Algeria and Morocco share a complicated history.
There is only one Algeria.
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is and will always be part of Algeria.
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Algeria has strengthened its ties with China.
Algeria is one of Russia's main allies.
Is Algeria walking on a tight rope?
Algeria needs to make its presence felt in the region.
Algeria needs to make its presence felt in North Africa.
Tom used to tease me a lot, but he doesn't anymore.
He has an Algerian identity card.
Even though Tom knew he'd be teased about his height, he decided to try out for the basketball team.
Even though Tom knew that he'd be teased about his height, he decided to try out for the basketball team.
Tom is very overweight and gets offended when people tease him for being so.
Tom is very overweight and gets upset when people tease him for being so.
He was arrested on returning to Algeria.
Naima Salhi's party even has seats in the legislature.
Naima Salhi is a racist barking dog.
My question is for Tom.
Here's my question.
He's running in local elections in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
I'm all thumbs, so I'm not very good at origami.
The suspect was taken to the police station for further questioning.
Algiers is getting rid of its slums.
He lives and works in Algiers with his wife.
This area of Algiers is also going to be torn down.
They were relocated to Algiers.
Several old buildings were torn down in Algiers.
Algeria needs its economic miracle, too.
Should Algiers cut the number of its residents?
Human rights activists accuse Israel of using barbaric methods in the occupied territories.
Tom asked his questions.
Algiers should be Algeria's display window.
Most shoe soles nowadays are made from foam.
Many Algerians are resigned to reality.
There is a place for dreams in Algeria.
I have faith in Algeria.
That's my question.
There is still hope in Algeria.
There is hope in Algeria.
Technically, this is illegal in Algeria.
Technically, this is illegal in Algeria, but the authorities tolerate it.
There are about forty such schools in Algiers.
He rented a newly built apartment in Algiers.
He lives in two tiny rooms in Algiers.
He sells shoes in Algiers.
She sells Kabyle dresses on the Internet.
He's going back to his village in Kabylie, Algeria.
He grew up with his grandparents in Algeria.
He rarely comes to Algeria.
We'd like to thank you for taking the time to answer our questions.
When Tom was five, he moved along with his family to Kyiv.
He never comes to Algeria.
He never visits Algeria.
His parents are in Algeria.
Algeria has changed dramatically.
It's time for him to leave Algeria again.
Algeria has countless rural migrants.
He now works in Algeria.
His village is a remote region of Kabylie, Algeria.
He doesn't want to return to Algeria.
He was asked to leave Algiers.
Tom questions everything.
He lives and works in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Algeria continues to turn a blind eye on that.
This remains legal in Algeria.
It's a great question.
This is a fundamental question that needs to be addressed.
I've been able to travel to Algeria more than four times.
He has a souvenir shop in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
He took me from one Algerian town to the next.
Everyone should visit Algeria.
Everyone has to visit Algeria.
Tom kept asking questions.
Are there mosques in North Korea?
Are there any Muslims in North Korea?
He insulted God.
He's insulting God.
People survived with food stamps handed by the authorties.
The was a dramatic increase in private vehicles in Algiers.
It's a tough question.
Everything is different in Algiers.
The question is how are we going to get this done on time.
Tom questioned everything.
That's not in question.
That's a fundamental question that needs to be addressed.
Tom didn't ask any question.
That's not my question.
Thanks for taking the time to answer all of my questions.
Tom sent Mary some questions.
Here's another question.
It's just a question of how much time it's going to take.
We asked Tom a few questions.
It's a serious question.
That's the most important question to consider, I think.
They aren't for you.
I asked Tom that very question.
That's the big question.
Tom asked some tough questions.
Tom messed up my computer while I wasn't in the room.
All I have are questions.
Algeria is a free society.
He's out of Algeria.
Humanity exists in Algeria.
Brotherhood exists in Algeria.
Do you want to return to Algeria?
Tom pestered us with questions.
That's the main question.
They edit Wikipedia.
The question facing us is whether we should stay or go.
Tom answered the question right.
China and North Korea have common interests: They both want the US out of East Asia.
The real question is why.
The enemies of Algeria want these protests to end in a bloody civil war.
Algeria has one of the strongest economies in Africa.
He started a new life here in Algeria.
He wants to start a new life in Algeria.
Send me all your questions and I'll try to answer them.
He fled Algeria without giving any warning to his family.
Tom answered the question wrong.
Tom has no business to be here.
It was a question of time.
Every day, the Algerian capital, Algiers, grows bigger.
Do you have family in Algeria?
Thanks for taking the time to answer all my questions.
He spent a lot of money in Algeria.
He received official permission to come to Algeria.
He waited four months to receive official permission to come to Algeria.
In this part of Algeria, time seems to have stood still.
I asked Tom a difficult question.
He teaches Berber at the Tizi-Ouzou University.
He has done a lot for Algeria.
That's a popular question.
Algeria's middle class is on the rise.
He's a civil servant with the Algerian justice department.
He lives in a small town in central Algeria.
He's under house arrest in Algiers.
How we're going to deal with that remains a question.
Skura is an Algerian filmmaker.
He managed to escape with his family to Algeria.
He made the decision to flee Algeria last year.
I get why Tom asked that question.
He bought these souvenirs in Algeria.
They discovered that he fled to Algeria.
Islamists call of the rule of Islamic law.
Now, leave Tom to himself.
We have come to Algeria.
Algeria is a country a few people outside North Africa know about.
Algeria is almost never covered by Western media.
There was a mass exodus of Malian Tuaregs to Algeria.
That's a serious question.
What future awaits Algeria?
We wonder what future awaits Algeria.
He lives with his parents and extended family in Algiers.
Her husband has to be Muslim.
He would never dare to say this in Algeria.
Neither Tom nor Mary will be allowed to visit their children.
In the 1990s, many Algerian intellectuals were killed by radical Islamists.
He was killed by radical Islamists in Algiers.
He's an Algerian human rights activists.
He doesn't want his son, who is living in Algeria, to visit Libya.
In the 1990s, many secular intellectuals were killed by radical Islamists in Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was mismanaged by the political elite.
I was taught to shoot first and ask questions later.
Algeria is not an Islamic republic like Iran.
Algerian Islamists are demanding a state founded on Islamic law.
Some Algerians are very superstitious.
Some Algerians are very religious.
He has been involved in politics since the founding of Algeria.
He runs a private Quraic school.
Islam is a liberal and moderate religion.
He teaches Islamic sharia law.
He presents himself as a moderate Islamist.
Islamists are demanding more.
Islamists can mobilize huge crowds in Algeria.
Algeria's war of independence began in 1954.
Tom was knocked out, after which he was robbed.
Algerians didn't want to remain part of France.
The Algerian constitution declares Islam the state religion.
I'll let Tom answer that question.
Some Islamic hardliners are against the celebration of Yennayer.
He's determined to persevere in his work on behalf of equality and human rights.
He traveled to the south of Algeria.
Algeria is twice as large as your country.
Algeria is less than half of your country.
Here, Hindus and Muslims live like brothers.
Skura is also Muslim.
We saw the mosque was burning.
They burned our mosque to the ground.
A man was asking for Tom.
We helped rebuild the mosque.
Many Hindus helped us rebuild he mosque.
Many Christians helped us rebuild the mosque.
Algeria is our country and it's our right to live here.
Algeria is our only country.
I told him that Tom isn't here.
We are Kabyle and Algeria is our only country.
The Algerian flag is my only flag.
Algeria's south is more traditional.
Racist fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula should be arrested and tried for their anti-Berber racist campaigns.
Tom told Mary to stop asking silly questions.
I think that racist fascists like pseudo-intellectual Lakhdar Benkoula are disguised takfiris.
This was foretold by Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Islamic hardliners confiscated and burned dozens of mobile phones because they had music stored on them.
Skura is pregnant and nearing her due date.
That's the major question.
We are among Muslims.
We depend on God.
Our lives are in God's hands.
I can't comply with Tom's requirement.
We live among Muslims.
This tent is a mosque.
In 2019, Algeria was in a situation that was ripe for unrest.
Algeria has a fledgling tourist industry.
Algerians have been organizing big demonstrations since February 2019.
I met four young musicians from Algeria.
To me, Algeria is a place of hope.
They sang together in Algeria.
Algeria appears to be at a tipping point.
It's the young people of Algeria that will determine the future of the country.
"There's singing in Berber." "It's wonderful."
The question of who fired first remains unanswered.
Bejaia is an Algerian city.
It's now Tom's turn ask questions.
Algeria isn't on the verge of implosion.
Those who don't feel Algerian should just leave the country.
If you don't feel Algerian, just get the hell out of this country.
The real question is when.
Algeria's subsoil is overflowing with riches.
He's keeping a blog in Berber.
We're in Djelfa and we have hours and hours of driving ahead of us.
We're on Muslim soil.
Berber culture shouldn't be folklorized.
Thank you very much for your interesting questions.
This towel is from Algeria.
These olives are from Algeria.
The question is how does Tom feel.
Algeria is against the annexation of East Jerusalem.
What do Algerians think about this?
He knows Algeria well.
This is forbidden in Algeria.
This German tourist knows Algeria well.
They're still living here in Algeria.
These people live in Algeria.
They behave as though were weren't there.
In 2019, millions of Algerians demonstrated against corruption.
What's going on in the rest of Algeria?
Oran is nicknamed the capital of the Algerian west.
How did you form this opinion of Algeria?
He has returned to Algeria.
The area is patrolled by the Algerian army.
He filmed countless anti-Algerian videos.
He came to Algeria on a simple tourist visa.
He discovered another face of Algeria.
She met an Algerian man.
Algerians have come to accept that as part of their life.
He entered the old part of Algiers.
This is my final question.
Algeria has a powerful military.
Many old buildings were torn down in Algiers.
New buildings are being built in Algiers.
All of them are Algerian.
The slogans are translated into Berber.
This is illegal in Algeria.
She lives somewhere in Algeria.
If I have any more questions, where can I find you?
Can we go inside the mosque?
He took photos inside the mosque.
He has to wait outside the mosque.
Wait outside the mosque.
The mosque is not big enough to hold us all.
He translated the Quran into Berber.
The mosque is not big enough to hold us all. We need to pray outside.
He prayed outside the mosque.
Our mosque has a huge parking lot.
He explained Islam to her.
He's a researcher specializing in radical Islamists.
The question is why did Tom do it.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is our current president.
It’s everything but that.
Algerians can't escape this.
There aren't any Algerians here.
There are a few Algerians around here.
He works with Algerians.
Do Algerians pay well?
You shouldn't question it.
Here in Algeria, I'm paid a lot more.
Algeria can be proud.
Many Algerians were unconscious to French colonization.
I was a Berber teacher at the time.
He's now a refugee in Algeria.
He spoke to his students in Berber.
He spoke to his children in Berber and never in French.
They didn't teach us anything about our Berber culture.
He taught them Algerian history.
The riots of changed everything in Algeria.
Algerians practice a tolerant form of Islam.
Algerians practice a moderate form of Islam.
Is Berber in danger of vanishing?
I want to thank you for answering all my questions.
Ethnic separatism and violent Islamism need to be nipped in the bud in Algeria.
Uyghurs look different to the Chinese.
That Kabyle dress kept catching my eye.
We arrived in Algiers.
The question was why Tom did that.
North Korea has missile technology that can reach the United States.
Iran has ballistic missiles that can reach Europe.
"The Korean Peninsula needs to be denuclearized." "The whole world needs to be denuclearized."
He wanted to go to Algiers for himself.
We're here in Algiers.
Send me all your questions.
He lives east of Algiers.
Algeria's political reality is much more complicated.
Peace in Libya is attainable.
Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions.
What's the worst case scenario for Algeria?
I was always at the top of my class.
That's how I learned Berber.
Tom asked questions about viruses.
He wanted to leave Algeria quickly.
He worked in Algeria for four months.
He's making a lot of money in Algeria.
Algeria is in urgent need of new housing.
That's an obvious question.
Algeria has one of the most powerful militaries in the region.
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions.
Tom had many questions about that.
That's not a hard question.
We're trying to find the answer to that question.
Tom shocked us with that question.
All you do is ask questions.
The question now is how do we solve this problem.
From Tom's tone, I sensed there was a "but" coming.
I know why Tom asked that question.
The lost key was under the couch.
There's no questioning that.
Detectives are questioning the suspect right now.
If it were me, I think I'd try going to a different hospital.
Tom asked me a perplexing question.
This question must be asked.
This is really delicious, no question about it.
I wonder if Tom asked that question.
Those were stupid questions.
That's a totally different question altogether.
The police questioned Tom for hours.
We were left with questions.
I think that you're asking the wrong question.
I wonder why Tom asked that question.
Don't question my patriotism.
I haven't given much thought to that question.
The only question was why Tom did it.
It's an interesting question.
How we're going to do that remains a question.
There's no question Tom will do that.
It's my job to ask questions.
Where we're going to live remains a question.
They'll kill you!
There's no question Tom has talent.
This is a very easy question.
This is why everything should be questioned.
Why should we question Tom's motives?
You should follow your lawyer's advice.
You should do what your lawyer advises you to do.
How often do you see ducks around here?
How many people do you think will come?
Tom deals with this kind of thing all the time.
How many of these do you think we need?
How many Canadians friends do you have?
They'll kill you all!
I wanted to impress him.
His hobby was collecting ancient coins.
What do you like and what don't you like about this?
Your job is to take out the garbage.
Your job is to greet customers.
Tom's job is to make sure that everything goes as planned.
My job is to help you learn to communicate better in French.
Our job is to find out who they are.
Our job is to find the bomb and defuse it.
A judge's job is to judge.
Your job is to play devil's advocate.
Part of a teacher's job is to prepare students for the future.
My job is to make sure that everybody follows the rules.
Our goal is to continue to get better.
Our job is to look at the evidence.
Tom's main job was to cook for the other prisoners.
Tom's job is to help people find a suitable pet.
Our job is to protect our children.
They butchered our cows.
One of my duties is to clean all the toilets in this building.
Our goal is to find a cure for cancer.
Our goal is to get better.
Our goal is to win a championship.
Our goal is to win a gold medal.
Our goal is to help people understand these issues.
My goal is to break my own record.
My goal is to just keep on improving.
My goal is to make the team.
Our goal is to win the tournament this year.
I wanted Tom to stay at home with the children.
Tom and his wife never take vacations together.
How long have you been working on this?
It was a mistake for me to testify against Tom.
How long has this car been parked here?
I wanted Tom to understand why he had to leave.
How long do you think that the meeting will last?
How far is it from here to the library?
I wanted Tom to meet me in front of the school.
Have you ever been kicked out of a bar?
I wanted Tom to give me enough time to do that.
Do you have a lot of friends in Boston?
When in doubt, hug it out.
The Koran has more interpretations.
Tom really wants to kiss Mary.
A chicken is not a bird, and a woman is not a person.
I hope nothing bad happens to us.
Feel free to ask me questions.
Do you think I don't know what that is?
I hope that everybody will agree.
I hope everybody will agree.
I hope everyone will agree.
This experiment should answer that question.
The big question is how does Tom feel.
Here's a question for you all.
Here's a question for all of you.
That's a question that I hear all the time.
The main question is how does Tom feel.
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.
It's OK to ask hard questions.
The only question was why Tom did that.
It's only a question of money.
The real question is how does Tom feel.
That's my number one question.
Tom still hasn't got the courage to tell Mary what he did.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he has done.
Tom thought that it would be better to go talk to Mary than to just text her.
Don't touch this.
Tom ate a small portion of fish.
Tom's favorite animal is horse.
Tom thought it would be better to go talk to Mary than to just text her.
"You can't answer my question with a question." "Why not?"
That's the question of the century.
We meet on Mondays.
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.
Tom took a piece of candy out of the bag and put it into his mouth.
My back really hurts.
As soon as Tom walked into my office, he started to ask questions.
It all depends on you.
Tom has to face the truth.
Tom started crying because the other children were teasing him.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.
We're looking for oil.
Tom managed to escape from a gulag in Siberia.
Tom tried to cut the meat, but his knife wasn't sharp enough.
That's a very old tree.
Tom told me that he heard something, but he wasn't sure what.
I've done a very stupid thing.
Tom jumped out of a tenth-story window, killing himself.
Tom showed me a picture of the food they ate at the banquet.
Tom claims to be capable of astral traveling.
There were no questions asked.
Did you know that Tom is my half-brother?
Tom rolled up the rope and put it in the trunk of his car.
Tom is much worse than Mary.
All my questions were answered.
Tom went to the counter and bought drinks for both of us.
Don't ask me so many questions.
Linda looked at the piano and inquired, "Who taught you piano?"
Tom wanted Mary to answer some questions about her past.
That was a rhetorical question.
Tom told me he heard something, but he wasn't sure what.
That's one way you can help me.
Tom started to answer the question, but was interrupted.
That's what we aim to find out.
Tom says he and Mary will spend New Year's Eve together.
We all asked the same question.
Tom assured Mary that everything had been taken care of.
Tom works as a tram driver in his hometown.
Tom isn't able to support himself.
Tom always writes everything down, so he doesn't forget.
You must try to enjoy yourself.
Tom spent all his money to buy Mary a birthday present.
You need to clean the bathroom.
The question is whether Tom can keep up with us or not.
You should go and see a doctor.
I began to play clarinet when I was thirteen years old.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
You should really find a hobby.
Here is another sentence.
Tom went to school by bus today, but he usually walks.
Everything should be questioned.
Tom wasn't interested in doing anything that I suggested.
I found that movie really funny.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it's not sunny.
I still live in my birth town.
I found this wallet in the park.
Tom tried to cut the meat, but his knife was too dull.
I had a good reason to be upset.
Tom told us a story about a monster that ate children.
I hope that the fish are biting.
Tom spent the first three years of his life in Boston.
I only know a part of the story.
Tom spent the last three years of his life in Boston.
I tripped and sprained my ankle.
Tom spends all his free time at home with his family.
I've done a really stupid thing.
Tom asked the waitress some questions about the menu.
I've thought about the question.
Tom used to play basketball, but he doesn't anymore.
Many people questioned the cost.
Tom told me that he wrote that poem three years ago.
Many people will have questions.
Tom started questioning Mary about where she'd been.
My heart started beating faster.
Tom said he didn't know anything about the accident.
I corrected the sentence.
He needs time to come up with a plan.
We came up with a plan of activities.
My next step is to find out why.
Getting acquainted with Kotlin makes me a better programmer
Tom has had three different jobs since last October.
Thanks for all of the questions.
Before the end of January 2020, many natural catastrophes happened
Tom won't spend New Year's Eve with his family.
I'm eating my fourth strawberry.
It is easy to knuckle down if you have enough motivation
Elaborating symptoms to the doctor help them to diagnose sickness easily
Thanks for asking that question.
Tom won't come to work today because he has a cold.
He didn't mean to hurt her feelings.
That's what we want to find out.
It’s totally natural to feel bored at times
Tom assured Mary everything had been taken care of.
The hiring manager is looking for an answer that’s more grounded in reality.
This is a very complex question.
Sustainability is part of our responsibility as software engineers.
Tom asked the waiter some questions about the menu.
We all have to defend ourselves.
That's a question that can best be answered by Tom.
We have another TV in the attic.
His eyes were shut.
Tom thanked me for helping him decorate his house.
We need to believe in ourselves.
It'll be hard to find a replacement for him.
His computer is on his bed.
I think her opinion is important.
Tom sometimes got teased for being slow at school.
You never know what you'll find.
Wikipedia is a very helpful site.
Wikipedia is a very useful site.
Tom showed Mary the letter he got from his father.
You should consult a specialist.
Tom has been asking us a lot of strange questions.
Your orders won't be questioned.
Tom was interested in doing anything I suggested.
Asking questions is how we learn.
Tom was asked a question that he couldn't answer.
We took him to the hospital immediately.
God shot herself.
Come back again whenever you can.
Tom was often teased because of his poor French.
This morning he committed suicide with a gun.
Here's a question to both of you.
Tom told Mary that he was going to hang himself.
I can't fight everyone by myself.
Tom spent the last three years of his life here.
I can't go with you to the dance.
Tom is a very good singer, no question about it.
I can't lend you that much money.
Tom told me he wrote that poem three years ago.
I've done that kind of thing myself.
Tom suggested that we leave before it got dark.
I hate being asked that question.
Tom started playing basketball three years ago.
I was thoroughly enjoying myself.
Tom speaks French pretty well, don't you think?
I'll try to answer that question.
Tom isn't here because he's on a business trip.
I'm sure a solution can be found.
Tom has asked me that same question many times.
Many people are questioning that.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions about Boston.
That's part of the appeal, right?
I think Tom, without question, is going to win.
This might come in handy one day.
Tom was so busy working that he forgot to eat.
This might come in handy someday.
Tom wanted Mary to come to his birthday party.
You can ask more questions later.
Tom read a magazine while waiting for the bus.
You'll try to stop me, won't you?
That was a question that Tom seemed ready for.
It's about time I went home.
All the boys find you fascinating.
Tom kissed Mary in front of everybody.
I can't imagine sharing an apartment with Tom.
What Tom said really made me mad.
I don't think that this is normal.
What Tom said offended me.
The way Tom talks really annoys me.
That annoys me.
Tom said something that rubbed me the wrong way.
Tom got everything he wanted on his birthday.
Tom just rubs me the wrong way.
I find this situation interesting.
Mary is very beautiful, but she doesn't have a very good personality.
Tom doesn't like it when I ask him questions.
I look forward to your being here.
That's a question that Tom should answer.
I want to find someone to talk to.
I began to play clarinet when I was thirteen.
It was an easy question to answer.
Tom was asked a question he couldn't answer.
The world is on the verge of destruction.
The world is on the brink of destruction.
I was wrong. Please forget what I told you.
My bedroom is next to the kitchen.
Those are all lies.
Tom was able to answer all of the questions.
"Is it OK to smoke here?" "Yes, it is."
That dress is absolutely stunning.
Tom swims almost as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't swim as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't swim as well as Mary.
Tom swims almost as well as Mary.
Tom isn't as good a swimmer as Mary is.
Tom isn't as good a swimmer as Mary.
Tom is a much better swimmer than Mary is.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Tom does that the same way as Mary.
That question is still unresolved.
Tom told me that he got his guitar for free.
Tom told me he got his guitar for free.
I forgot what I came here to do.
I can't remember why I came here.
That was only part of the problem.
Tom spent a lot of time learning to do that.
That's an easy question to answer.
He drove towards the Algerian border.
Everyone has moved to Algiers.
Tom has been taken downtown for questioning.
I was born in Algeria but grew up mostly in Germany.
Everything has changed in Algeria.
He fled to Algeria as a refugee.
He fled to Algeria as a refugee. He was twenty-four.
He became an Islamic preacher.
Al-Qaida and ISIS are fascist Islamist groups.
How does the death of these suicide bombers serve any purpose?
They begged me to take them to Algeria.
They were living a safe life in Algeria.
That's simply out of the question.
They kill one another in the name of jihad.
ISIS terrorists are known for killing one another in the name of jihad.
Tom asks us the same questions all the time.
This is a very difficult question.
Tom killed himself by jumping out of a tenth-story window.
Tom wears a suit only on special occasions.
I was born in Bejaia, Algeria, to a conservative family.
He was born in Bejaia, Algeria, to an intellectual family.
We all want the same things out of life.
He held so fervently to his Islamic beliefs.
He has been a victim of bullying for most of his life.
One of the kids that I befriended was Muslim.
There is no natural animosity between white and black children.
There is no natural animosity between Muslim and Jewish children.
There is no natural animosity between Hindu and Muslim children.
We have many questions about that.
There is no natural animosity between Arab and Jewish children.
That imam was in many ways a father figure to me.
Algeria has started to change.
More and more Israeli Jews are tired of hating Arabs.
They follow an intolerant ideology.
Algeria is not hard to visit.
How many German people live in Algeria?
North Korea is uniquely terrible.
No one can really play Algeria and Morocco against each other.
Tom wants to be a simultaneous interpreter.
North Korea is a mountainous country.
You should've asked me to do that.
The gardener has just cut a hedge.
He likes travelling abroad.
You can see this everywhere you go in Algeria.
Algiers should demolish all of its decaying buildings.
Tom used to sit next to me in French class.
What do you want me to send you from Algeria?
I talked about Algeria in my book.
He was listening to Algerian music.
I come from a Muslim household.
He came to visit Algeria in April.
I read an interesting article about Algeria.
Algeria is a youngish country.
Life expectancy is relatively high in Algeria.
Algeria is strong and proud.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Starting my business in Algeria was easy, but maintaining it was another story.
I'm not Algerian.
I actually went to Algeria.
He read some forty books about Algeria.
He was born in 1961, as Algeria was becoming a country.
You were never meant to find that.
I wonder why Lakhdar Benkoula hasn't claimed yet that Homo sapiens originated in Phoenicia.
They love Algerian music.
He loves Matoub's songs.
He loves Matoub's style.
Tom told Mary he was going to hang himself.
Tom fell out of a tenth-story window, killing himself.
I was in Algeria when I was a communist.
Do you have any predictions for what's going to happen in Algeria?
Asking questions is the best way to learn.
Algeria will not vanish.
The book was translated into several languages, including Berber.
The students were learning Berber.
Those separatists are much closer to fascism than they are to nationalism.
Are there golf courses in Algeria?
There is a golf course in Algiers.
Tell me an Algerian joke.
Tell me a joke in Berber.
The separatists would insult you for any reason whatsoever.
Tom has been on the phone for over an hour.
He was taken to Algeria.
He was pardoned by the Algerian president.
Ahmed Gaid Salah was the head of the Algerian army.
Do you want to talk more about Algeria?
At first, I couldn't find anything.
Why does she never do what I tell her to do?
Tom got teased by the other kids at school.
I'm Algerian and I was born in Germany.
We moved to Bejaia, Algeria.
I guess we'll find out soon enough.
Those guys speak perfect Berber.
Our guide spoke perfect Berber.
Our tour guide speaks perfect Berber and his accent is superb.
"Tighremt" is Algeria's first Berber-language daily newspaper.
Tom asked me some really strange questions.
Thanks, anyway!
Islam is the religion of my parents.
I want to find somebody to talk to.
Without our army, Algeria would be a complete disaster.
Tom asked me a lot of questions about that.
I'd like to be able to sing better.
Tom's mother and father are both teachers.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect, and it's spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
I'm so grateful for having parents who taught me Berber.
I've asked my lawyer that question.
I am no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I was.
Tom took out a pencil and started writing.
If you have any questions, call me.
I understand everything I hear in Berber songs.
I understand everything in Berber.
When I went to Algeria, I immediately experienced improvement in my spoken Berber.
Tom suggested we leave before it got dark.
One by one, the boys left the room.
I want to improve my Berber speaking skills.
You have to study Berber grammar.
I want to actually speak Berber to improve it.
I improved my Berber sentence structure.
I learned to speak Berber.
I used the exact same words in Berber.
I listened to a Berber conversation.
Tom is the captain of our basketball team.
That's part of the job description.
Tom has the same taste in music that I do.
Trying the door, I found it locked.
Why did you guys think that Tom liked heavy metal?
Why did you guys think Tom liked heavy metal?
There's no question that Tom's got talent.
Why did you all think that Tom liked heavy metal?
Why did you all think Tom liked heavy metal?
Tom and Mary don’t trust each other anymore.
The banks are on the verge of bankruptcy.
Visit our website to find out more.
There's no question that Tom will do that.
We don't have the right to do that.
Tom was immediately questioned by the police.
I think this is part of the problem.
That was a question Tom seemed ready for.
I worked all day and was very tired.
I wonder whether Tom asked that question.
I'll wait for you at the front gate.
I understand why Tom asked that question.
It felt good being part of the team.
Party unity is threatened when members will not compromise.
In a compromise between management and unions, a four percent pay rise was agreed in return for an increase in productivity.
I tried to close the discussions at noon, but my counterpart would not stop talking.
I asked Tom many questions about his job.
In the past I have had little respect for that client, but today she spoke cordially and listened to my point of view.
It's going to be a hot day tomorrow.
This helps isolate the client from the impact of design changes and defects.
I was hoping to avoid discussing last year's dispute, but Monica is still holding a grudge.
I want you to know that we don't have any hostility towards your company despite last year's mixup.
Tom wasn't allowed to ask any questions.
It's not a question of if, but when.
Tom obeyed the captain without question.
Thank you for all of your questions.
Tom has the same taste in music as I do.
Thank you for answering my question.
Tom bothered me with a lot of questions.
That's likely why we never found it.
Tom asked some rather awkward questions.
He was on that train.
He was around fourteen or fifteen years old.
He lived in a city four hours away from Algiers.
His mom let him have a lot of freedom.
He went somewhere else instead of where I was.
He went to a quiet corner of the train station to wait for her.
He was standing still.
He apologized a thousand times.
He bought her something to eat.
She was a pretty shy girl.
He tried to drag me with him.
He offered to buy me a hot chocolate.
He wasn't alone anymore.
He tried to kidnap her.
They met at the train station.
A man tried to kidnap her at the train station.
He ended up getting lost.
He couldn't even find a taxi cab.
He waited for the train.
I don't know if it was a woman or a man.
He had that hard look about him.
He wore a flannel shirt.
He was wearing a flannel shirt.
The man was wearing a flannel shirt.
They both grew up in Algeria.
He was occasionally mumbling to himself.
The train station was pretty empty.
The train was pretty empty.
He turned to us and smiled.
He doesn't need a job.
He muttered that under his breath.
He got out of the train.
He's not far from the hotel.
He was behind us.
He got a little worried.
He got lost in the crowd.
He turned.
He got inside the hotel.
He didn't see them again.
Thankfully, I didn't see them again.
She's a very small weak woman.
He takes his city's subway system to and from school.
He has a high-class hotel.
There's police around.
He rides the train.
This building used to be a hospital.
They take the same route.
He was using his phone.
He played some music.
He was sitting there with his headphones on.
He wanted to sit between us.
He's a bald guy.
He gave me a friendly pat on the back.
He wanted something.
He doesn't hear very well.
This sounded quiet to me.
I don't want to repeat myself.
Instead of shaking my hand, he pulled it away and kissed the back.
How much do you drink?
I asked Tom to explain to me what his problem was.
He leaned over me.
He avoided answering that.
This is the station I need to get off at.
Between my station and yours there are four other stations.
He didn't follow me.
He pretended that he knew that woman.
He sat down in front of me.
He was harmless to her.
He's a bald-headed idiot.
He was talking to another man.
Him and I were on the same train.
He started looking at me.
I wanted to say no so badly, but I couldn't speak.
He was pressed against my side.
He started mumbling again and I could barely understand him.
He dated black girl.
We're getting closer and closer to your stop.
He had bad intentions.
He realized something was up.
He just didn't care.
He was terrified.
Tom asked me some interesting questions.
He pulled dozens of photos out of his pocket.
He couldn't get out.
His fears were proven true.
He managed to text her.
He connected his headphones to his phone.
He was trying to run fast enough to lose the cops.
He continually called his mom.
He showed her where he lived.
He said that he would wait with her.
He pulled his phone out and called his mom.
His mom is a good-looking lady.
He gave up on calling her.
He pulled out another pen.
He needs your full name.
His mom wouldn't be happy if he gave her phone number out.
He gave me his full name.
If you want a job, call me.
He gave her a fake name.
His phone was on silent.
He finally called me back.
They both ran away.
He kept an eye over his shoulder for that guy.
He's still scared.
He was terrified they'd be there.
He felt terrible about that.
He jumped out of his skin.
He's still on campus.
He's still in college.
He isn't scared anymore.
He was around thirteen or fourteen years old.
He traveled by train to Algiers.
The train arrived.
He was taking photos of her.
He was taking a photo.
He looked the other way.
He's tall, slim, and blond.
He didn't hear what she was saying.
He asked me to come sit with him.
He was waiting on the platform.
He took photos of me.
He was taken away.
This happened around four years ago.
He was the only one without a car.
He has just got on the train.
It's gonna be a forty minute wait.
He was waiting to pick up a relative or friend.
A number of issues remain unresolved.
There's no question about Tom's loyalty.
He kept getting closer to me.
Doing that isn't out of the question.
He realized that.
He kept calling me from afar.
He started cussing at me.
It started to get dark.
He heard a car screech.
He saw the car door open.
He started screaming.
He watched the whole thing.
