He turned on his high beams.
He mumbled something sin Berber.
He almost got kidnapped.
He tried to attack me.
He takes the train unaccompanied.
He rarely takes the train unaccompanied.
He takes the train.
He will be waiting me on the other side of town.
He was driving to the next town.
He was heading home from an overnight shift.
He texted her to say he was there already.
I haven't had any coffee.
He kept scrolling through Facebook.
She's super fit.
She does have some attractive features.
She looks really hot.
He started talking to us.
She's not that pretty.
He rolled his eyes and went back looking at his computer.
He walked to the mall.
He has a tendency to act stupid when he's afraid.
He had coffee.
I'm gonna break your neck.
He's gonna break your little neck.
He was threatening me.
He chose to sit near the door.
He likes fat girls.
Do you cosplay?
He tried to keep his voice cheerful.
He has just gotten off work.
He was still glaring at us.
He walked us to the mall.
He found out why.
This happened when he was fourteen.
The question is can Tom keep up with us.
He went to Algeria the following day.
His next destination is Algeria.
He slept at the station.
He spoke pretty good Berber.
He doesn't have an accommodation problem.
He must stay there.
He must stay in Algeria.
He can stay there for free.
He stopped talking to me entirely.
He gave he the address.
He didn't stay there.
He was slightly annoyed.
He checked into an annoyingly expensive hotel.
He ended up checking into the Aurassi Hotel.
He gave me the address.
The hotel looks like a normal building.
He wants to promote his business.
He was relieved to leave that town.
Why did you start wearing hijab?
She wears a really cute hijab.
She's Muslim and she wears modest clothes.
Her hijab is cool.
Her hijab looks super cool.
She's Muslim and she wears straight-leg loose pants.
She's Muslim and she wears loose pants.
She's Muslim and she wears long-sleeve shirts.
Hijab means a lot to me.
What made you decide to wear hijab?
She's Muslim and she tries to dress modestly.
She's Muslim and she dresses modestly.
She started wearing hijab when she was in high school.
Her sister wanted to wear hijab.
No one in her family wears hijab.
She's Muslim and she wears modest clothing.
No one in my family wears hijab.
She really wanted to wear an Islamic headscarf.
I can't tell you anything about that.
She started wearing an Islamic headscarf during Ramadan.
He doesn't know too many Muslims.
She practiced wearing the hijab.
This hijab is of a horrible quality.
She felt that she was ready to wear the hijab.
She wants to wear the hijab.
She's a new hijabi.
She felt everybody was staring at her because of her hijab.
She felt everybody hated her because of her hijab.
She felt everybody stared at her because she was wearing a hijab.
Hijab spreads the beauty of Islam.
Though she wears a hijab, she's still completely American.
She was super insecure about her hijab.
She was insecure about her hijab.
He was in the post office.
She's a woman of faith.
I see her as a woman of faith.
Some people think that hijab is something oppressive.
She's Muslim and she wears the hijab.
Not all Muslim women wear the hijab.
Wearing hijab won't stop you from achieving your goals.
"Dad, I want to wear the hijab." "Do whatever is best for you."
What does hijab mean to you?
She wore hijab to please God.
Hijab is a personal thing between God and me.
Hijab is a personal thing between her and God.
Hijab is a personal thing.
How is hijab affecting your life?
She loves hijab.
We have no right to judge her for her hijab.
Tom told me he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Bouteflika came to office in 1999.
Algeria needs to eliminate abject poverty.
Algeria needs to build more infrastructure.
Tebboune was sworn in as Algeria's president in December 2019.
He's an Algerian research analyst.
Will Tebboune fulfill all his promises?
This area of Algiers is prone to flooding.
Algeria has many wide-ranging subsidy programs.
I never found what I was looking for.
Tebboune is finally able to get down to business.
Bouteflika first entered office in April 1999.
Tebboune promised to crack down on corruption.
Algeria should improve its creaking infrastructure.
Bouteflika first took office in 1999.
The Bouteflika era was characterized by rapid infrastructure development.
We are proud of Algeria's achievements in the last twenty years.
Tebboune needs to unleash Algeria's true potential.
Can Algeria become a high-income country?
Algeria should have a long-term vision.
Algeria needs to develop its manufacturing sector.
Will this affect Algeria's growth?
Algeria has a large working-age group.
Algeria needs to improve the quality of its human capital.
I'd be happy to answer any questions.
Tom spent his vacation with his family.
Algeria needs more skilled engineers.
Algeria needs to accelerate its development.
There is a growing trend in religious conservatism in Algeria.
There is a growing trend in religious intolerance in Algeria.
I'd like it if you did that yourself.
That's extremely interesting.
In Algeria, very few Islamist groups pledged loyalty to ISIS.
Many radical Islamist groups are funded by organizations based in Saudi Arabia.
They both studied in Algeria.
Tom sometimes asks very rude questions.
Do you think Bouteflika left a lasting legacy that Algeria could be proud of?
He's an Algerian lawmaker.
Bouteflika had absolute power and absolute power corrupts.
Algeria is still undergoing a transition towards democracy.
Algeria needs to achieve high economic growth.
Algeria needs to eliminate its endemic corruption.
Tebboune needs to address many challenges.
I think that Tebboune has the power to change Algeria for the better.
I'm not too worried about the future.
Algeria is seeking to mature its economy.
Jijel and Skikda are known for their lush green mountains.
This fresh produce comes from Algeria.
Tom keeps asking me that same question.
Algeria has a young population.
We're in Algeria.
Algeria and France are still reconciling their checkered history.
Algeria needs tens of billions of dollars to meet its infrastructure needs.
It feels like I'm part of the family.
Algeria has already committed to participating in China's Belt and Road initiative.
Algeria and France need to work together to address these issues.
This is something the Algerian government is struggling to do.
This is something the Algerian government is struggling to achieve.
Algeria should become China's main investment hot spot in the Mediterranean region.
This memorial is built as a tribute to the Algerians who fought and died in the war of independence against the French.
Tom asked several perplexing questions.
Thanks for all these great questions.
Algeria should become an investment hub.
The committee thanked Tom for his work.
These products are not expensive in Algeria.
Algerians love Hollywood flicks.
Algerians watch tons of Hollywood flicks.
Algerians love Hollywood films.
You don't have to take your shoes off.
You don't have to take off your shoes.
Please don't take off your socks.
Please don't take your socks off.
Please don't take off your shoes.
Please don't take your shoes off.
The film was dubbed in Berber.
China has pumped billions of dollars into Algeria.
North Korea is a largely mountainous country.
Algeria has spent billions of dollars in infrastructure.
You don't have to take your socks off.
You don't have to take off your socks.
I stole a car.
Why would you steal a car?
Thanks for sharing your food with us.
Did you learn your lesson?
Did you face any consequences?
Were there any repercussions?
Kabylie, a region located in northeastern Algeria, has majestic mountains.
Your cat is a thief.
Your dog is a thief.
Algeria will be part of China's Belt and Road network.
"Your ferret is a thief." "That makes sense."
Bejaia and Tlemcen are two of Algeria's heritage towns.
Algeria isn't in critical danger.
Algeria's economy isn't in critical danger.
How many foreign tourists does Algeria attract every year?
When in Algeria, do as Algerians do.
Tom worked for a construction company.
Algeria is currently undertaking very serious reforms.
Algeria is now open for business.
Ghardia is a mysterious city located in central Algeria.
I visited Algeria's border cities with Tunisia.
I discovered the splendors of Algeria.
I discovered Algeria's natural splendors.
Camels are magnificent animals.
North Africa received Islam in the 7th century AD.
Islam was spread in this region by traveling traders.
That's a question that's often asked.
They say your Berber is pretty good.
Your Berber is pretty good.
My Berber is terrible.
Is studying Berber popular among your peers?
A lot of Algerians are coming to Turkey.
He wants to start his own business in Algeria.
I'll hire a person who speaks Berber.
I think I'll hire a person who speaks Berber.
Algeria is a very important country in North Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algiers is our country's capital.
Are there high-speed trains in Algeria?
Algiers is a thriving modern metropolis.
Algiers is the seat of the Algerian government.
Algeria will never break apart.
Algeria is relatively closed to the rest of the world.
Bouteflika stepped down in 2019.
Algeria's new government is ambitious.
Algeria needs to reform its political system.
Tom worked as a guard for three years.
Algeria is currently conducting very serious reforms.
Algeria needs more industrial parks.
Algeria needs more foreign investment.
In 2019, Algeria captured the world's attention.
He wasn't allowed to work in Algeria.
It's an exciting time to be in Algeria.
This is Algeria's capital city: Algiers.
This is the Algiers metro.
This Algerian city has its unique architectural theme.
Gagarin was the first man in space.
That's one of the reasons we're here.
Algeria's tourism industry is poised to prosper.
Donald Trump thinks that climate change is a hoax. I think that Donald Trump is a hoax.
Algeria needs to attract more investors.
This is one of Algiers' best known markets.
Algeria has started exporting fresh produce to France.
Algeria needs to increase its fresh produce exports.
Africa should be Algeria's biggest market.
Algerians should eat more meat.
This dish looks like couscous.
Tom wore a new jacket to school today.
This couscous smells delicious and I'm starving.
China is investing a lot in Algeria.
Algeria needs to develop its water resources.
He relocated his family to Algeria.
Where did you find these rare stamps?
He's looking for partners in Algeria.
They have already started learning Berber.
What do you think are the prospects of the Algerian economy?
Algeria's economy has a lot of potential.
One of Algeria's top tourism sites is the city of Ghardaia.
Ghardaia is a rich trading city in central Algeria.
Ghardaia, a beautiful city in central Algeria, has magnificent buildings.
They never made it to the borders of Algeria.
Algerian urban planners should work hard to redesign Algiers.
Tom will carry your suitcases for you.
The plan was made in consultation with the Algerian government.
Algeria will be connected to China's new Silk Road.
Bethlehem, Jerusalem, and Hebron are Palestinian cities.
I traveled to Palestine in 2004.
Jerusalem, where the al-Aqsa Mosque is located, is one of the oldest cities in the world.
Jerusalem, where the al-Aqsa Mosque is located, is an ancient city.
This is Palestinian land.
You know where to find it, don't you?
This area is recognized by the international community as Palestinian.
I used to think that Tom's life was a tragedy, but now I think it's a comedy.
He lives in a small Palestinian village.
This is confiscated Palestinian land.
Tom pleaded for cooler heads to prevail.
I love the poorly educated.
Tom thinks that he can graduate early.
I have some questions about your plan.
He's Palestinian and he lives in Hebron.
This area is off limits to the Palestinians.
Gaza is a tiny self-governing territory which is home to almost two million Palestinians.
Tom spent his holiday with his family.
I hope we can find some good bargains.
One in every two Palestinians in Gaza does not have enough food to eat.
Tom is just as busy as the rest of us.
Some Palestinians and Israelis work for peace together.
I'm sure that a solution can be found.
Palestine is a troubled land.
He came to Palestine four years ago.
He can see the al-Aqsa Mosque from his kitchen window.
He came here to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque.
The Palestinians claim East Jerusalem as their capital.
Jerusalem is divided between Israelis in the west and Palestinians in the east.
The al-Aqsa Mosque is a holy site for Muslims.
The Palestinians consider East Jerusalem as the capital of their envisaged state.
He came to Palestine last April.
Tom used an old towel to dry his dog.
How to achieve peace in Palestine?
Surely Anna does not live alone?
Surely Tom does not eat meat?
Surely Tom doesn't eat meat?
Surely Anna doesn't live alone?
I'm sure you need this more than I do.
Tom lent me thirty dollars yesterday.
Let me answer the last question first.
Tom is the tallest one in his family.
That's a question I hear all the time.
Tom is the same height as his father.
I was deeply moved by that novel.
Tom is the one who cleaned this room.
You can find more info on our website.
Tom hired a detective to follow Mary.
A number of problems remain unresolved.
Tom has volunteered to do everything.
I don't like being asked that question.
Tom worked hard to get into college.
This is special, no question about it.
I want to find out who did this for me.
Tom shares a well with his neighbor.
I wouldn't feel comfortable doing that.
Tom enjoys listening to heavy metal.
I'm not going to wash your car for you.
Tom put new strings on his old guitar.
Tom won the first prize, didn't he?
That's a different question altogether.
Tom says there isn't any food left.
We don't know what we're going to find.
Tom couldn't see what was going on.
We need to find a way to get this done.
What Tom proposes will never work.
A number of questions remain unresolved.
Tom studied literature in college.
Don't leave important questions unasked.
Tom enjoys listening to punk rock.
How many mistakes have you found so far?
Tom considers Mary a close friend.
I didn't need to ask any more questions.
Let's discuss this with Tom first.
I don't know where this word comes from.
Tom's hat got blown off his head.
I'd like it if you did that by yourself.
Tom told the children to line up.
Later the same day, we all got arrested.
Tom told me not to take anything.
Maybe it's time we found out about that.
Tom thinks he can graduate early.
Thanks for putting up with my questions.
Tom speaks better French than me.
Tom speaks better French than I do.
Thanks for your straightforward answers.
Mediocre developers don't aware of new technologies.
He lived undercover in Algeria.
I spoke to you in Berber.
Back in the 1970's, it wasn't allowed to teach Berber in Algeria.
This video is shot on a camera phone.
Tom and Mary are identical twins.
Tom has started wearing a tie to work.
We felt threatened.
He's an Algerian Christian.
They don't speak Berber.
He has only been in Algeria for a short time.
They're heading to Algeria.
Tom had an envelope in his left hand.
I heard a car start up.
He spent his entire fortune in Algeria.
The family settled down to watch an Algerian movie.
This will be his last trip to Algeria.
He decided this will be his last trip to Algeria.
Tom suggested that we start at once.
I'm not fluent in French.
This is increasingly a financial nightmare for Algeria.
This is a financial nightmare for Algeria.
The rescued survivors were repatriated to Algeria.
There are no diplomatic relations between Algeria and Nauru.
The remains were repatriated to Algeria.
Tom suggested that we begin at once.
How did you get your start?
My children try hard to get up early.
I wanted to get up early this morning, but I still overslept.
How did Tom get his start?
He wrote four books on Algeria.
He's researching Algeria's fishing industry.
Tom seemed to want to start a fight.
My children try really hard to get up early, but they still often get to school late.
We all wanted to know the answer to the same question.
We need to start all over.
He was kidnapped by North Korea.
He was kidnapped by North Korea on this beach.
Tom grabbed his gun and ran outside.
The boat was brought up from the seabed by the Algerian authorities.
Could you toss me an orange?
He had a privileged life in Algeria.
Tom helped me get my truck started.
He was forced to live in North Korea.
He was executed in North Korea.
He was tried in Algeria.
He's still imprisoned in North Korea.
He still has a few vague memories of Algeria.
His whole life has been difficult.
He spent his whole adult life in Algeria.
He spent his whole adult life studying Berber in Algeria.
I started humming to myself.
Skura is a pretty young woman originally from Bejaia, Algeria.
He finished his studies and moved to Algiers.
He disappeared from Pyongyang, North Korea.
She was called Skura and she was Algerian.
He now lives in Bejaia, in Algeria.
He was kept prisoner in North Korea for fourteen years.
He's a former North Korean spy.
This is a North Korean spyboat.
Tom definitely did that by himself.
This is an Algerian newspaper.
Why did you start doing that?
Algeria wants to become a great nation in the eyes of the world.
He has always been fascinated by Algeria.
This basketball was signed by Michael Jordan.
Tom started talking to a stranger.
These are Algeria's best under basketball players.
These are the best basketball players of Algeria who are under 18.
Dublin is located in Ireland.
Dublin is the capital and largest city of Ireland.
Keep a bucket of water nearby.
Tom holds Mary in low esteem.
I value Tom as a friend.
I have been speaking Berber since I was a small child.
The office was silent. There was no typing, no mouse clicking. Nothing.
Tom started singing along with us.
He gave it to me for free.
It was windy the day before yesterday.
Where did you buy these towels?
He was reporting from Algeria.
He never ventured outside of Algiers.
"What do you want to do when you grow up?" "I want to be a Berber teacher."
These kids speak better Berber.
Tom started crying and I did, too.
The Soviet Union was defeated and humiliated in Afghanistan.
Most Algerians don't know about him.
There is no Internet in North Korea.
Is this the first time you have met Algerians?
What do Germans know about Algeria?
It's starting to get hot in here.
Tom packed up his things and left.
How many beach towels do you have?
Tom spoke to me in fluent French.
Things are starting to fall apart.
Tom sent Mary a birthday present.
Construction is to start in October.
Your floor is someone else’s ceiling.
My ceiling is your floor.
Do you know who gave that to Tom?
There are fresh towels on the shelf.
Tom should consult a specialist.
This is a nice way to start the day.
Tom doesn't work for anybody.
Tom isn't watching TV right now.
We need time to come up with a plan.
Tom is our starting quarterback.
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.
Tom has started studying karate.
Get me some towels from the bathroom.
Do you know who did that to Tom?
We need to finish what we've started.
Do you know who Tom's father is?
Maybe it's time to throw in the towel.
Tom went there three years ago.
We started doing this three weeks ago.
Tom suggested we start at once.
We're not ready to throw in the towel.
Tom suggested we begin at once.
The answer is no to both of your questions.
Tom should go and see a doctor.
This is only one of the things we found.
Tom sent presents to all of us.
Doing that is simply out of the question.
Tom sent me a birthday present.
How do I tell Tom about his smelly socks without making the situation too awkward?
I can't go back and do it all over again.
Tom sat in the back of the bus.
I think you're asking the wrong question.
Tom is old enough to drink now.
The answer is yes to both of your questions.
Tom's proposal was a good one.
The meeting will start at 2:on Monday.
Tom used to live in the woods.
The question is whether we can get along.
This is the only one I really care about.
Tom tied the string to the kite.
The dogs sniffed at each other, their tails wagging.
"Un Chien Andalou" by Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dalí is considered a masterpiece of surrealist cinema.
There was a smell of wet dog in the flat.
The 20th of October was the day Tom adopted his dog Bello.
The dog is growling.
The dog goes "woof-woof".
The dog ran round the tree.
The children are playing with the dog.
The neighbours' dog was barking and, in the distance, another dog answered.
We talked about the question over coffee.
Have you got a cat or a dog?
Do you have a cat or a dog?
Dogs wag their tails when they're happy.
Where his daughter's musical talent comes from, her father doesn't know. He and his wife don't have a musical bone in their bodies, he says.
Where his daughter got her gift for music from, her father doesn't know. He and his wife are not at all musical, he says.
Are they all so mad keen on music?
Are they all so mad about music?
That's proper atmospheric music.
The town musicians of Bremen had no home.
Do you like listening to music?
Tom threw rocks at the wolves.
This music makes your ears hurt.
That music makes your ears hurt.
The music hasn't changed.
His three children have all become musicians.
His three children all became musicians.
"Why have you brought a violin?" "I'd like to make some music." "That's a brilliant idea. Don't hang about – get cracking!"
"Why did you bring a violin?" "I'd like to make a bit of music." "That's a brilliant idea. Don't wait long – get started!"
The singing and the orchestral accompaniment is gradually becoming louder.
The singing and the orchestral accompaniment gradually gets louder.
You won't find anyone to do that for you.
The musician complained because his instrument wasn't well-tuned.
The musician was complaining because his instrument wasn't well-tuned.
Among his musical works are a dozen operas and operettas.
He loves literature: she loves music.
After the father had left his family, his aunt, who had a very beautiful voice, and his exceptionally musical uncle took care of the child's upbringing.
These factors encouraged the development of new musical trends.
These factors encouraged the development of new trends in music.
You have a good ear for music.
Music begins where words leave off.
They practically fed him on music.
The musicians can't hear the drummer well enough.
Tom says there's no food left.
Half an hour before arrival, he knocked on the door to her compartment to wake her up.
Half an hour before their arrival, he knocked on the door to their compartment to wake them up.
Half an hour before they were due to arrive, he knocked on her compartment door to wake her.
The gardener went into the garden.
He paints still lifes.
Do you want some more apple juice?
She's warmed the milk.
She warmed the milk.
Asking questions is the best way to learn things.
Tom ate a whole loaf of bread.
I didn't find that class very interesting.
North Korea is criticized and ridiculed.
North Korea is a very secretive nation.
Algeria is building new infrastructure.
Tebboune has a powerful vision for Algeria.
Can Algiers become a high-tech metropolis?
Algeria has its eyes clearly focused on sub-Saharan Africa.
Tom didn't have any socks on.
Algeria has grand ambitions.
I boarded a train from Algiers.
Many Chinese tourists visit Algeria.
He spent his life studying Berber.
The economic development of Algeria will be an arduous ascent.
Algeria is building a very large harbor in Hamdania.
Oran, Algeria, will become a leisure paradise.
His friends don't want to come to Algeria anymore.
New construction projects are transforming Algiers.
He's an Algerian political scientist.
He's looking for investment opportunities in Algeria.
The Chinese are in Algeria in force.
Rents are soaring in Algiers.
This is an Algerian restaurant.
I have some questions about your proposal.
Algerian police responds swiftly when there's a problem.
Here, Saudis enjoy freedoms that are often denied them at home.
Algiers is still special.
They are performing a traditional Berber dance.
What do you think of Algiers?
Life is good in Algiers.
Minders monitored our every step in Pyongyang.
This Palestinian village is now off-limits.
We were permitted to film the deserted Palestinian village.
We were not permitted to visit those Palestinian families.
Algeria needs raw materials for its burgeoning industry.
Our next destination is Algeria.
North Korea is a reclusive country.
North Korea is an isolated country.
Myanmar is a reclusive country that shuns outsiders.
The actual customer is in Algeria.
This smartphone is made in Algeria.
They don't know much about Algeria.
The actual customer is back in Algeria.
Tom can't run faster than me.
Algeria is Tunisia's powerful neighbor.
Algeria built many large dams.
Algeria exports electricity to Tunisia.
In Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria, entire families were resettled to make way to the Taksebt Dam.
Algeria will become North Africa's economic powerhouse.
Algeria needs to assert its interests.
He used to have a good piece of land in Algeria.
In the 1990s, Algeria was heavily in debt.
The Palestinian village was declared off-limits to journalists.
Bouteflika promoted deals with China.
Bouteflika initiated many costly projects with little oversight.
I'm dismayed with what the Bouteflika regime did to Algeria.
Bouteflika's projects were big and prestigious but they were initiated with little oversight.
Algeria needs investments.
I'd never be able to answer that question.
This truck has returned from Algeria.
The Karakorum Highway is one of the most dangerous roads in the world.
Even today, time seems to have stood still in the remote oases of the Algerian Sahara.
Tom ate a small piece of pie.
This cemetery holds the graves of some of the Algerians who died for the liberation of the country.
Our bosses are in Algeria.
Several thousand Algerians work here.
In the early 2000s, the Internet connection was highly unreliable in Algeria.
Algeria wants to have direct access to the Atlantic Ocean.
Algeria is still far away.
We have crossed thousands of kilometers, but Algeria is still far away.
Badi is a Tuareg nomad.
He's planning to buy a camel.
He was stroking his camel.
He camel stayed calm.
Algeria needs huge investments to improve its infrastructure.
A lot has already improved here in Algeria.
Algeria needs to invest on a grand scale to modernize its infrastructure.
We Algerians want a better life.
He's a celebrity in Algeria.
We have to thank God for that.
Are there falconers in Algeria?
Algerians need clean water.
That was a mistake, as we soon discovered.
It's our land, Palestinian land.
What were the Algerians planning?
Algeria wants to increase the amount of freight transported by train.
The teacher, Skura Amzil, studied in Algeria.
He can speak good Berber.
Algeria is investing in its young people.
Algeria is building for the future.
He's working for an Algerian company.
Algeria is building a road to Niger.
Northern Mali is a conflict zone.
Two Algerian diplomats were killed by terrorists in Mali.
Two Algerian diplomats were kidnapped and killed by terrorists in Mali.
Algeria never colonized any country.
China is planning more projects in Algeria.
After studying in Algeria, he returned home.
Skura grew up in Algeria.
This land belongs to the Palestinians.
This is still an important tradition in Algeria.
Algeria has a rich history.
Tom's proposal was rejected.
Does Algeria have economic free zones?
Tebboune's government has vision and energy.
He puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
He put the new tablecloth he had just bought on the table.
He put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school.
He scarcely ever gets any exercise.
He says you should always tell the truth.
She says you should always tell the truth.
He says we can park on either side of the street.
He says that recently he isn't able to get enough sleep.
She says that recently she isn't able to get enough sleep.
He says that learning a foreign language is hard.
He says that he's weary.
She says that she's weary.
He says that he's fed up with this hot weather.
She says that she's fed up with this hot weather.
He says that he's a creature of habit.
He says that he'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
He says that he wants to be buried here.
She says that she wants to be buried here.
He says that he hasn't made up his mind yet.
He says that he has the perfect marriage.
He says that he doesn't like children.
He says that he doesn't feel like jogging.
He says that he doesn't feel like going out.
He says that he doesn't feel like drinking boza tonight.
He says that he can't imagine going out in this weather.
Algerians used to be industrious people.
He says that he can be here by 3:30.
He says it's a waste of time to try to please everybody.
He says he's having trouble with his computer.
He says he is rich.
Workers from all over Algeria have come to work in Algiers.
He says he can't put up with this noise any longer.
She says she can't put up with this noise any longer.
"Where do you come from?" "Algeria."
He says he can't put up with the heat any longer.
He says he can't ignore the smell any longer.
He says he can't ignore the noise any longer.
He says he can trace his ancestors back about years.
He said that we weren't allowed to take photographs in this museum.
He said that nothing like that would ever happen again.
He said that neither one of his parents had ever been here.
"Where do you come from?" "Algeria." "And you?" "Tunisia."
He said that I could spend the night at his place.
He said that they would come.
He said that he was very interested in archery.
She said that she was very interested in archery.
He said that he had eaten too much and didn't feel very good.
He said that he had eaten lunch with his friends.
He said that he feels much better today.
He said that he feels like going out.
He said that he could make it to the party.
He said some things that didn't make sense.
He said jokingly that he was not very rich.
He said I was supposed to talk to you.
He said he'd never leave his wife.
He wants to bring his family to Algeria.
She said she'd never leave her husband.
He said he was willing to help us out.
He can't bring his family to Algeria.
He said he wanted to get out of town for a while.
He said he wanted me to spend the summer here with him.
I said I liked what she had made for dinner, but I was only being polite.
I said I liked what he had made for dinner, but I was only being polite.
He said he just had to eat something right away.
He said he had eaten nothing, but that wasn't true.
He said he had an important call to make.
She said she couldn't clean the house tomorrow.
He rolled up the string and put it in his pocket.
He rode his motorcycle across the country.
She rode her motorcycle across the country.
He ripped open the envelope.
He rented a tuxedo for the prom.
He renewed his driver's license two weeks ago.
He reminds me of someone I used to know in high school.
He reminds me of his father.
She remained poor all her life.
She regrets what she did.
He refuses to buy anything made in China.
He refused to worry about the future.
He refused to settle down.
He refused to pay protection money.
He refused to give up.
She says she can trace her ancestors back about years.
I really love playing the guitar, but I don't like singing.
He really is a nice guy.
He really does swim well, doesn't he?
He really does hate dogs.
He really does detest giving speeches in front of large audiences.
He realized that he had lost his wallet.
He read anything he could lay his hands on.
He ran out of water.
She ran out of time.
He ran out of the room.
They ran out of money.
He ran out of food.
She ran into the room.
He ran into the house.
He ran for mayor.
He ran down the stairs.
He ran as fast as he could to escape from the angry dog.
He ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
I raised my voice.
He speaks excellent Berber and will be our translator.
He quite often exaggerates.
That's the issue we should consider first.
He quite often eats out.
They quit smoking.
He quit his job this week.
He put up with the pain for a couple of weeks before finally going to the hospital.
He put the money into his pocket.
He put new strings on the old guitar that he had just bought.
He put his cap on and went outside.
He put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
I put down my pen.
I put away my clothes.
He put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed.
He pushed the door shut.
He pushed the door open.
He pumped up the tire.
She pumped up the tire.
He promised to come, but hasn't showed up yet.
She promised to come, but hasn't showed up yet.
He promised never to be late again.
She promised never to be late again.
Your problem is that you live in your own bubble.
He pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
I prepared dinner by myself.
He prefers to eat pasta with ketchup.
She prefers to eat pasta with ketchup.
He prefers speaking Turkish.
He predicted our success.
She predicted our success.
He prayed to God for help.
She prayed to God for help.
He practices playing the kemenche every day.
He pointed towards the mountain.
He plugged in the radio and turned it on.
She plugged in the radio and turned it on.
These coins come from Algiers.
He planted three apricot trees in his yard.
He planted some explosives near the middle of the bridge.
He plans to stay here until it stops raining.
He plans to go in spite of the bad weather.
He picked up the coins that had fallen behind the sofa.
He picked up that habit from his father.
She picked up that habit from her father.
His bus leaves for Istanbul at 1:p.m.
Algeria needs to build more museums.
He says that he can drink a whole bottle of raki without getting drunk.
He said that he'd give me liras if I ate an earthworm.
He runs a small business in Istanbul.
He rescued her from being raped by the soldiers.
He regularly eats doner kebab with his friends.
The workers are from Algeria.
He put together a hundred thousand liras in unmarked, used bills as the kidnappers had told him to do.
He postponed his trip to Istanbul.
She postponed her trip to Istanbul.
He plays the qanun exceptionally well.
He plays the kaval by ear.
This cotton is from Algeria.
He played the ney for two hours without taking a break.
He plays Dombra on his saz every day.
"Where do you buy this paper from?" "Algeria."
He played an old Turkish song on his new oud.
He played a Turkish folk tune on his baglama at a Kurdish wedding in Germany.
He plans to go to Istanbul next week.
He runs a shop in Algiers.
He ordered this from Algeria.
It almost feels like Algeria.
I like it here. It almost feels like Algeria.
This road is supposed to be Algeria's gateway to the heart of Africa.
This decision will affect her future career.
Algerian companies are doing the building.
These problems don't seem to worry the Algerian government.
Tom works as an electrician.
He's an Algerian wholesaler.
Algerians used to be industrious and hard workers.
I'm an observant Muslim and I can't work in wine.
He has almost fourteen hectares of vines in Algeria.
Algeria is now my home.
He doesn't feel he completely belongs in Algeria.
Algerians have a warm heart.
She's married to an Algerian man.
He's here to learn Berber.
The Algerian market is growing more diverse.
This is a book of Algerian proverbs.
We're not ready to throw in the towel yet.
Algeria has many inland ports.
He's an Algerian harbor CEO.
Algeria needs high-speed railways.
Algeria needs to build more resorts to attract foreign tourists.
Algeria has seen a surge in Chinese investments in recent years.
I'm heading over to Algeria.
The historic relationship between Algeria and China is still strong today.
Hundreds of hotels are currently being built in Algeria.
Tom wants to graduate early.
He runs a hotel in Algeria.
Algeria is building new expressways.
Algeria can attract a lot of tourists.
The Berber classes he took in high school helped him greatly.
Algeria's growing tourist industry is creating a lot of jobs.
In the 1970s, foreign tourists used to flock to Algeria.
He used to run one of the most popular restaurants in Algiers.
You won't find anybody to do that for you.
Algeria is developing fast.
Algeria needs massive industrial parks.
Algeria has deep-water ports.
Does Algeria have Chinese-owned factories?
He manages a property in Algiers.
Cooperation with China will lead Algeria to prosperity.
Tom started screaming at me.
Algeria built a mega-four-lane highway called the East-West Motorway.
I hope that we can find some good bargains.
We lamented her death.
Tom sent all of us presents.
I'm sure that you need this more than I do.
Tom got a loan to buy a car.
It took us a while to finish doing that.
What does Tom want, anyway?
If triangles made a god, they would give him three sides.
There are no paper towels in the dispenser.
Tom's death was a surprise.
You need to think of something nice to say.
Tom told me not to take it.
I need to find another way to earn a living.
Tom gave me a fifth of rum.
I put a clean towel in the bathroom for you.
Say my name.
Do you know who helped Tom?
The World Health Organization says the coronavirus outbreak does not yet fit the criterion for a pandemic — but warns a pandemic is possible and nations should prepare.
The death toll in Italy from the coronavirus outbreak stands at seven with more than cases confirmed.
At least towns in the north of Italy are in lockdown mode and the army is ensuring no one enters or leaves them during a quarantine period.
Italian authorities are working around the clock putting in place unprecedented measures in an effort to curb the surge in coronavirus cases.
In at least six regions in Italy’s industrial north, schools and universities are closed.
People have been told to stay away from their offices and remain indoors as much as possible.
Theaters and museums have also been closed as have bars and discos.
Venice carnival events have been cut short for the first time ever.
Authorities have banned all demonstrations and public gatherings, including sporting events and church services as Italy deals with the biggest outbreak in Europe.
The head of Italy’s civil defense department, Andrea Borrelli, said authorities were surprised by how fast the virus has spread.
Borrelli said a plan is in place to house people who have contracted the virus and for those in quarantine.
Extra food and medical supplies will be taken to the towns in lockdown in northern Italy.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte says residents in affected towns could face weeks in lockdown.
In Milan over the weekend, many residents raided supermarkets, leaving empty shelves, fearing they would not be able to go to the shops.
The Lombardy region is Italy's hardest hit region and streets are deserted.
Many people have been told to stay home and work from there.
One vendor outside a Milan railway station said he was selling the masks for $each.
University students in affected areas were unable to sit for their exams.
This student says she had three exams this week and all of them have been canceled. The student says she does not know when she will be able to take them.
Italians have been told to avoid traveling to affected areas.
At the airports, passengers are being checked for symptoms of the virus with heat sensors.
Some regional train lines have canceled service, but fast trains between the major cities are still operating normally.
I usually start my day with a big breakfast.
The World Health Organization said Beijing had taken the right "strategic and tactical approach" to effectively curb the spread of the COVID-epidemic.
Japanese health officials placed the ship and its 3,passengers and crew under quarantine after a passenger who disembarked in Hong Kong was diagnosed with COVID-19.
The attempt to contain the spread of the virus backfired, as people became infected, making it the largest cluster of confirmed cases outside of China.
Only those passengers who have tested negative for the virus and have not shown any symptoms are being allowed to disembark the Diamond Princess.
About Americans were evacuated Monday and immediately placed in another 14-day quarantine.
Several other governments, including Britain, Canada, Australia and Hong Kong, are also making plans to evacuate their citizens from Yokohama.
Russia said starting Thursday it would ban all Chinese from entering its territory.
A procedure one might expect to see only on an episode of popular television show Grey’s Anatomy actually occurred at a London hospital recently as a patient played the violin while undergoing surgery to remove a brain tumor.
Dagmar Turner, 53, has had a passion for playing the violin since she was 10.
Dagmar Turner, 53, has had a passion for playing the violin since she was 10, and she is currently a member of the Isle of Wight Symphony Orchestra.
Losing the ability to play the violin because of a brain tumor was an especially frightening scenario for her.
During a symphony performance in 2013, Turner suffered a seizure that brought to light the slow-growing brain tumor.
Located on the right frontal lobe of her brain, the tumor threatened to damage her left hand’s fine motor skills — the hand that controls the notes being played on the violin.
Her first course of treatment was radiotherapy.
The tumor continued to grow.
Surgery became the next best option.
The brain has no pain receptors.
Turner was able to be fully awake and performing as the tumor was removed.
First, her brain was mapped, allowing doctors to recognize and identify sections that were active while she played the violin, as well as sections that dictated movement and language.
Then, halfway through surgery, Turner would be awakened to play her violin so surgeons could avoid the sections of her brain that were active as she moved her hands to play.
Turner’s surgery was a success, and she was released from the hospital and back home in just three days.
She plans to resume playing soon in the orchestra.
Tom started yelling at me.
The question now is how long should we wait.
For international students whose primary language is not English, writing a college essay can be challenging.
But English competence is not everything when it comes to writing well.
Even native English speakers can struggle without the right approach.
What are some good questions to ask before writing an essay? Boissiere said all students should ask about the style, format and purpose.
Style defines whether the essay is a research paper, a position statement, an opinion piece or a summary essay.
Are you trying to convince the reader of a position? Presenting deeply researched information about a topic? Summing up a situation or event? They all take different approaches in their style of writing.
Format is the standard way an essay is structured, such as Modern Language Association (MLA); American Psychological Association (APA) style, used mostly for scientific papers; and Chicago Manual of Style (CMOS).
Purpose, he said, is key to formulating a good thesis, meaning the writer should know what he or she is writing about and not wander through a topic aimlessly.
After answering these questions, there are three tips to ensure the essay is well written.
The first tip is precision, that is, to express yourself clearly.
"When I see words and expressions that are unnecessarily convoluted, it is a huge red flag," Boissiere said.
There is absolutely no value in expressing yourself in a sophisticated way if your reader cannot understand what you are saying.
The second tip is concision, or succinctly stating ideas.
"Writing is really thinking. If you cannot express exactly what you need to get across, that shows there's confusion or vagueness in your thinking," Boissiere said.
Finally, make sure someone — preferably a native speaker — proofreads your essay before you print out the final version.
Don't hand in an essay with spelling, punctuation, grammatical or printing errors.
"I always try to help international students proofread their essays if they need it. This is kind of my job here," said John Pugh, graduate student and teaching assistant in the English Department.
Cultural differences can be a barrier for international students who are not accustomed to critical thinking.
Lastly, Boissiere said, not enough students seek out help.
"I have office hours every week for a reason," Boissiere said. "But I don’t see many students coming here to ask questions."
College students who don't complete their degree programs might jeopardize their earning power, meaning there's less money to repay their student debt, say experts.
In the United States last year, million Americans did not complete their studies.
The European Union found that in 2016, million young people throughout its member nations had suspended their university education.
Across South America, nearly half of all 25- to 29-year-olds in had left school without earning a degree, the World Bank reported.
Researchers found the most common reason for leaving was the difficulty of balancing work with their college or university studies.
Tom has started a new job.
Community colleges largely serve poor and minority students, many of whom are working in full-time positions and supporting families.
Federal studies show that only about percent of individuals who start their education at such schools earn a degree.
Colleges and universities need to consider offering more classes outside of normal business hours.
People in China are using mobile phone apps to follow and, perhaps, help slow the spread of the coronavirus, COVID-19.
The question now is where should we do that.
Tom continued stabbing me.
You'll never find anyone to do that for you.
Why don't we just do that?
We should just tell Tom that he can't do that.
We should just tell Tom he can't do that.
The clouds fell away like curtains and the sun rose.
We don't understand him.
We don't understand her.
Tom packed his suitcases and headed to Boston.
I've never purchased a lottery ticket.
Tom spends money like there's no tomorrow.
Tom wants to know the reason why he was fired.
It didn't take long for me to do that.
When do you have to go back to Boston?
When was the last time you got a gift?
Unfortunately, I can't tell him.
I've been wondering about that myself.
Tom lives in a room above his parents' garage.
I've always been interested in robots.
Tom has always dreamed of living in Australia.
I'm really excited about this weekend.
Tom had always dreamed of living in Australia.
I'm pleased with the election results.
Tom and I don't live very close to each other.
I'm not getting my questions answered.
I wonder where Tom will be tomorrow afternoon.
I didn't get any of my questions answered.
I really dislike chicken.
It was not in Paris that we met.
Tom promised to come, but he hasn't shown up yet.
Boston wasn't where we met.
I really don't like chicken.
I don't really like chicken.
Dinosaurs once roamed the earth.
Woolly mammoths once roamed the earth
It's going to be a hot day today.
I can't face the past.
I came to Algeria when I was a child.
We made a trip to Algiers' old town.
Tunisia welcomes large numbers of Algerian tourists every year.
China really helps Algeria's economy.
If you want to get a taste of Algeria, visit this London neighborhood.
He owns a cabaret in Algeria.
Algeria needs to woo Western tourists.
This business establishment is run by an Algerian company.
He runs a tour company in Algeria.
This business is partially owned by a company based in Algeria.
This deprives the Algerian treasury of millions of dollars.
Algerians are still warmly welcoming foreign tourists in their country.
Algerian private schools should integrate Berber into their curriculums.
They're pushing their children to pick up Berber.
"I'm learning Berber." "Why Berber?"
He wants to expose his children to the Berber language.
They offer Berber lessons.
Algeria needs to invest in infrastructure.
Algeria can benefit greatly from the Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria can have access to the huge sub-Saharan African market.
China is one of the largest investors in Algeria.
What opportunities does China see in Algeria?
Algeria wants to play a much more important role in the region.
He even speaks Berber.
Chinese stores have started to open in Algiers.
Ouyahia is Algeria's former prime minister.
Algerian and Chinese leaders signed many agreements.
Derailments are relatively rare in Algeria.
I got stuck in a massive traffic jam in Algiers.
Compared to Tunisia, Algeria is vast and has much better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to expand its political and economic influence in the region.
I wonder why his dog is so aggressive.
Algeria is home to an Ibadi minority that lives in Ghardaia.
My parents are originally from Algeria.
I'm very excited to take you along with me on this journey to my native Algeria.
Algeria is my homeland.
Algiers will be my first stop.
I grew up in a small rural town in Algeria.
Algiers is undergoing a transformation.
Algeria is one of the world's major oil producers.
Algeria is Africa's second largest oil producers.
Profound change is about to come to Algeria.
He's taking us to his home in Algiers.
My family has lived in Algiers for four generations.
Algeria doesn't have direct access to the Atlantic Ocean.
Algeria exports gas to Europe through two major pipelines.
Algeria is building a massive deep-sea port in Hamdania.
I didn't fall asleep like everyone else did.
I didn't fall asleep like everyone else.
I didn't fall asleep like everybody else did.
I didn't fall asleep like everybody else.
The police believe that the driver fell asleep while driving.
The police believe the driver fell asleep while driving.
Many of the students got bored and fell asleep.
His family lives in Algiers.
Construction projects usually face many delays in Algeria.
Tom would punch and kick his son for any reason whatsoever.
Tom wouldn't punch or kick his son for just any reason.
I wrote Tom a song.
If I'd been at that meeting, I probably would've fallen asleep, too.
Tom bought me a dog.
I'm starting to really question whether we're doing the right thing.
I'm a totally independent person.
You look like a slut.
Esperanto is a language, created by Ludwik L. Zamenhof for international communication.
Tom brought me food.
He wrote a book on how to treat minor injuries.
Apply the band-aid properly.
Wrap the band-aid around your finger.
You need to make sure your cut is clean before you apply a band-aid on it.
Clean the cut out before you apply the band-aid on it.
He applied the band-aid on his finger.
Before you open up the band-aid, make sure your hands are clean.
He put the band-aid on the wound.
Don't touch the band-aid with your dirty fingers.
You don't need to be a heart surgeon to apply a band-aid on a wound.
You don't need to be a brain surgeon to apply a band-aid on a cut.
Take off that band-aid.
Peel back that band-aid.
You need to apply the band-aid properly.
Applying a band-aid on a cut isn't that complicated.
The reporters all started yelling out questions at the same time.
Tom came to help me.
Everybody is about to find out that they're going to be laid off.
Tom felt threatened.
You should take an umbrella with you because it looks like rain.
Tom had no socks on.
Everyone is about to find out that they're going to be laid off.
The couscous tastes great.
Tom started a fight.
He said he felt terrible about doing it.
I can see a flower.
He drinks water from the tap.
He skipped school.
He wants to skip school and have a good time with his friends.
Are you one of the people who had to be here yesterday?
I get up very early.
This is one of the reasons that I like Boston.
This is one of the reasons I like Boston.
We had all just fallen asleep when the smoke alarm went off.
My visit to the al-Aqsa Mosque was an emotional journey.
Does he need money?
She'll buy bread.
In the villages of Kabylie, Algeria, women collect spring water every afternoon.
Algeria needs to use solar energy to extract water.
This is the Dutch flag.
Algerian economists need to think outside the box.
My ancestral village is in Algeria.
My ancestral village is in Kabylie, Algeria.
Tom started jumping.
Some areas of Algeria lack infrastructure.
Many Algerian areas lack access to clean water.
Access to clean water shouldn't be a luxury in Algeria.
Maybe it's time to throw in the towel and do something else.
Lakhdar Benkoula is a pseudo-intellectual who promotes stupid conspiracy theories to make people dumb.
Algerian cities need to solve their urban water crises.
Algerian cities need to solve their urban water problem.
Algeria has the technologies and the know-how to transition away from fossil energies.
Tom started to walk.
Algeria needs to solve its water problem with cost-effective ways.
Algeria has many sewage treatment plants.
Algiers needs many sewage treatment plants.
Algiers need modern sewage treatment plants.
This water needs to go to a sewage treatment plant.
Algiers needs to recycle its waste water.
Algeria needs to move away from its reliance on oil and gas.
Algeria needs to move away from its reliance on hydrocarbons.
Algerians need to teach their children environmental values.
Everybody is about to find out they're going to be laid off.
Algeria has a lot of alfalfa.
Algeria is a relatively dry country.
Algeria is drier than Spain.
Algeria could export alfalfa hay.
Libya built the Great Manmade River.
Tom wrote me a song.
Algeria has water supply problems.
In Kabylie, Algeria, girls collect spring water every afternoon.
He seems to know me.
Do you know this word?
She doesn't seem to want to wake up.
Everyone is about to find out they're going to be laid off.
I'm going to wash off now.
It's about your sister.
Camels know the value of water.
Two and four are even numbers.
One and three are odd numbers.
Tom got disqualified.
This is a good start but we've still got a long way to go.
Tom isn't a lazy boy.
I usually get up very early.
Next week, we're going to start working on a new project.
I get up earlier than my children.
Tom hurt the people.
Tom started clapping.
I'm the one responsible for laundering sheets and towels.
My minivan is still getting me to work.
Corruption is one of Algeria's greatest problems.
Tom started sweating.
This is the something that many people seem to overlook.
Tom's eyes were open.
This is a good start, but we still have a long way to go.
Tom's eyes were shut.
I would've thrown in the towel and quit a long time ago.
Tom started panicking.
We have a lot of things to do, so let's get started.
Tom started to hit me.
I put the documents that you requested on your desk.
I wrote a song for Tom.
This is the something many people seem to overlook.
It all started in 2013.
I'll remember this weekend for the rest of my life.
Tom started hitting me.
A dead body was found in woods behind the school.
Tom started snickering.
You've got to keep moving or you'll fall asleep.
Tom waited for an hour.
We've got to find out what we're supposed to do.
Tom's eyes were closed.
The political crisis threatened Algeria's very existence.
We'd like to start by asking you some questions.
Northern Algeria is a densely populated area.
Algeria is largely a desert country.
Much of Algeria looks like this.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is Algeria's former president.
He's a reporter for the Algerian newspaper Tighremt.
Tom started apologizing.
We usually wash our towels at least once a week.
Tom started crying, too.
This is a really good way to start the new year.
As soon as he turned around, he got hit by a clothesline.
Tom started to crack up.
The band just started playing a few minutes ago.
Tom's eyes weren't open.
Sooner or later, we're going to have to do that.
Tom started as a janitor.
Learning a foreign language requires dedication.
Tom took very good notes.
I usually only wear a suit on special occasions.
As soon as he turned around, he got clotheslined.
The water boils.
Tom's speech was perfect.
Water boils at hundred degrees Celsius.
You're one of Thomas's students, aren't you?
Thomas obviously hates me.
How many vacant houses are there on this street?
You should bring a towel and change of clothes.
Is Tom innocent or guilty?
We need to find a good place to pitch our tent.
Classes started in October.
This is starting to feel like an interrogation.
Tom has started freelancing.
That's the issue that we should consider first.
Tom fell asleep on the floor.
I found my credit card that I thought I'd lost.
Tom fell asleep with the TV on.
All I need is some hot water, soap and a towel.
You need to keep moving or you'll fall asleep.
Tebboune has grand visions for Algeria.
Algeria needs more dams.
Today we have the entire Algerian nation living off of oil.
That makes one of us.
Algeria is developing very fast.
Algeria needs to build more dams.
Tom seems to have fallen asleep.
Algeria would never go to war over that.
Algeria is vying for foreign investment.
Algeria needs to attract foreign capital.
Many shady dealings plagued Bouteflika's governments.
Algerians have to think about the future.
Is Algeria a democratic nation?
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is part of it.
Wheat is a major commodity in Algeria.
Wheat has been a major commodity in Algeria for centuries.
You have to keep moving or you'll fall asleep.
He lives in the Algerian capital, Algiers.
Algeria and China have developed a robust trade relationship.
Algeria has rewarded lucrative construction contracts to Chinese companies.
The Chinese are opening businesses in Algeria.
China was the one of the first countries to recognize Algeria.
China is one of Algeria's largest trading partners.
Tom told me about his situation.
Hassi Messaoud is one of Algeria's major production centers for oil and gas.
Today there are tens of thousands of Chinese people living and working in Algeria.
China sponsored dozens of Chinese Muslims to study in Cairo.
He first came to Algiers in the early 1940s.
He set up a business in Algeria.
There's a paper towel holder next to the sink.
Algeria and China are learning how to make money together.
I'm starting to feel sorry for Tom.
You'll never find anybody to do that for you.
Yesterday Tom had a very unpleasant encounter with some rando on the street.
Tom said we could start without him.
He was bitten by a wild animal.
She agreed with her.
He agreed with him.
Bouteflika was forced from office in 2019.
In 1999, Bouteflika came to power.
The Bouteflika era didn't end well.
Algerians fought the French colonization and won.
All religions suck.
Many of Algeria's corrupt officials were arrested in 2019.
You can find more information on our website.
Alright, I'm going for a wee.
He had a white book under his arm.
During the Bouteflika era, many corrupt officials made lots of money and fast.
Tom needs to finish what he's started.
During the Bouteflika era, Algerian newspapers ran many exposes about the country's corrupt officials.
Algeria's investment laws often anger the country's business community.
Despite the arrest and trial of many of Algeria's corrupt officials, many questions remain unanswered.
Under Bouteflika, many Algerian officials were complicit in serious wrongdoing.
This film was broadcast in Algeria.
When are you going to publish these findings?
What's happening in Algeria is deeply concerning to us.
Sonelgaz is Algeria's state-owned electricity provider.
Algeria needs to approach French authorities to investigate the corrupt officials of the Bouteflika regime.
They showed me an organigram of the Algerian company.
They showed me the organization chart of the Algerian company.
He flew to Algeria.
Tom suggested we get an earlier start.
The Bouteflika era is over.
Algeria needs to deal with its high-level corruption problem.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, and Noureddine Khettal are promoting an extremist form of Arab ethnonationalism in response to another fascist movement that promotes separatism.
This is only one of the things that we found.
Bouteflika's government was hypocritical and corrupt.
Algeria's Islamo-Baathists want to turn the country's education system into an arena for ideological experiments.
Tom couldn't get his motorcycle started.
Algeria needs to evolve in the right direction.
We need to shape a better future for Algeria.
Benkoula is a fascist pseudo-intellectual that's promoting Arab ethnonationalism and hatred towards anything Berber.
Benkoula should be arrested and tried for his anti-Berber racist campaigns.
If that happened, it would start a civil war.
Fascists like Benkoula want Algeria's society to be homogeneous along ethnic lines.
He lived in the Algerian capital of Algiers.
He has been living in Algiers for many years.
Benkoula's racist social media pages need to be closed down.
Benkoula openly expresses his racist views.
Tom was the one who got things started.
What will it take to stop the spread of Covid-19?
Before we get started, let me ask a question.
Tom couldn't get his lawn mower started.
This is where it starts getting interesting.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, and Naima Salhi are a minority but they claim they represent a majority.
Tom got into bed fell asleep right away.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, and the separatists are completely marginalized.
A right-wing extremist killed dozens of Muslims in two different mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand.
He rolled up his prayer rug.
This is really starting to freak me out now.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, and Noureddine Khettal demonize Kabyles and Berbers in general, accusing them of being "infiltrators."
We have lived in Algeria for many decades.
Who's only Chinese?
Is Algeria limiting the independence of the media?
Thousands of Algerian youth have drowned in the Mediterranean.
The separatists don't have any role whatsoever in Algeria's politics.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, and Naima Salhi are promoting hatred and division among Algerians.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, and the separatists are promoting social polarization in Algeria.
Tom has started to going to bed earlier.
He worked for the UN in Algeria as a computer engineer.
He's now in Algiers where he lives in exile.
I started off the day with a good breakfast.
He also worked for the UN in Algeria.
He was still working for the UN in Algeria.
I have come to Algeria to speak to people who knew Matoub Lounes.
He now works as an electrician in Algeria.
I showed him a photo and asked him if he could identify those in it.
He agreed to come with me to Algeria.
Tom is starting to look like an old man.
He's well known in Algeria.
This is where it really starts getting fun.
The pitcher will go to the well once too often.
Playing with fire leads to be burned.
If you keep playing with fire you must expect to get burnt.
Bidding started at three hundred dollars.
The movie was so boring that I fell asleep.
Construction started on October 20, 2013.
I always start my day with a cup of coffee.
Tom closed his eyes and soon fell asleep.
This is place is starting to get crowded.
Tom got on his motorcycle and started it.
This is a good way to start the new year.
Tom has started writing a book in French.
This is how the whole thing got started.
Tom said that we could start without him.
This is starting to give me the creeps.
Tom says that he's too old to start over.
This is just to start the ball rolling.
If you keep playing with fire, expect to get burned.
Tom claims that he's done that many times.
The soldiers start firing at something.
Tom has suggested we get an earlier start.
I have trouble falling asleep at night.
Tom lay down on the floor and fell asleep.
Have you ever fallen asleep on the job?
Tom started crying when he heard the news.
You don't have to wait for an apology in order to forgive.
Get up and start your day with a smile.
If you play with fire, you get burned
Tom started doing that early this morning.
Your phone's been ringing all morning.
Tom came over to take pictures of my house.
This is probably where it all started.
Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.
Tom picked up a broom and started sweeping.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
The movie was so boring I fell asleep.
Tom probably got tired of waiting and left.
Every year, around million tons of plastic waste are dumped into the world’s oceans – polluting the water, killing wildlife, and creating microplastics that enter the food chain.
The fishermen's nets are no longer stuffed with fish, but with plastic.
Brigham Young University (BYU), which operates on four campuses in Utah, Idaho and Hawaii, is a private, not-for-profit school governed by the religious doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS), also known as Mormons.
Austria is considering stopping all rail traffic from Italy and imposing other controls on its border with its southern neighbor.
Two Italian émigrés who live in the Austrian region of Tyrol, and who recently returned from a trip to northern Italy, tested positive for the virus.
Hundreds of tourists at a hotel in the Spanish resort of Tenerife are being tested after another vacationer, an Italian from Lombardy, tested positive.
This is what started the whole thing.
British officials announced that anyone who has visited northern Italy in the past two weeks should “self-isolate” at home, if he or she develops flu-like symptoms.
Two schools in the English county of Cheshire decided Tuesday to shut down after some of their students returned from ski trips in Italy.
The rapid surge of cases in the north of Italy has prompted panic shopping, with supermarkets across the country, even in the south far from the viral epicenter, packed with families stocking up on food and medicine.
In a superstore in Viterbo, on the northern outskirts of the Italian capital, Rome, retailers were taken aback by the volume of shoppers eager to stock up on water, pasta and dry foods.
People formed long lines in front of registers early in the morning with shopping carts piled high.
“That’s a lot of people,” said Lucretzia, a cashier at Conad Ipermercato.
“That’s a lot of people,” said Lucretzia, a cashier at Conad Ipermercato. “This is more like what we see on Christmas Eve,” she said.
Pharmacists said they had sold out of surgical masks, hand-sanitizers and disinfectant wipes
An assistant at the hardware store Bricofer said all stock of protective masks used by builders and home-improvement enthusiasts had been emptied.
Kuwait suspended all flights to Italy because of the coronavirus outbreak.
All the deaths from the virus so far in Italy have involved people over the age of 60, most of whom had pre-existing health conditions.
The worst-hit region is Lombardy, where six people have died and people have contracted the potentially deadly disease.
Government officials say there’s no evidence to support the suggestion that Chinese students may be the ones inadvertently spreading the virus.
European officials say they fear the spread could quickly develop into a pandemic.
Officials point out that one of the biggest challenges in containing the virus is that it can be spread by infected people who show barely any symptoms, if any, of ill-health.
Stock markets around the world tumbled Monday over fears that China’s coronavirus outbreak is causing long-term damage to the supply chains that are the lifeblood of the global economy.
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
The World Health Organization, which monitors global disease outbreaks, has so far declined to label the coronavirus a “pandemic” — its most dire classification.
The WHO has said that it now believes the spread of the virus in China has already passed its peak and is on the decline.
McDaniel said the damage caused by the virus will likely far outstrip that caused by the ongoing tariff-based trade war between the U.S. and China.
Women pursuing computer science degrees often feel alone and isolated, since the field is overwhelmingly dominated by men.
While about percent of all bachelor’s degree recipients in the U.S. were women, only about percent of Computer and Information Science bachelor’s degree recipients went to women, according to the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT).
Tom starts smiling every time he sees Mary.
Vasquez, a high school sophomore, came from one of the countries that participated in this year's Model U.N. conference.
Students worried about climate change want universities to cut investments in energy companies that deal in fossil fuels.
If I'd been at the meeting, I probably would've fallen asleep, too.
For decades, many high school and college students have participated in Model U.N. - a conference simulating a U.N. gathering to teach students about diplomacy and international relations.
Mary prepares her own baby food.
Mary prepares her own meals.
Mary makes her own baby food.
The conference starts Monday morning.
Georgetown University’s board of directors announced this month that it will end its investments in coal, oil and gas companies within years.
Some schools have stopped investing in energy companies but critics question whether such actions slow the effects of climate change or hurt the profits of energy companies.
Many schools defend their investments. They say they have a responsibility to grow the money they receive from donations. They also say it is easier to influence change as an investor, so they can help change company policies or find answers to climate problems through research.
An endowment is money that was donated to support a university and that is invested to grow and support future goals.
Recently, some Yale professors agreed to discuss the university’s moral obligations related to fossil fuels.
The issue gained attention when student protests interrupted the yearly Harvard and Yale football game.
Yale said it has supported shareholder proposals that companies report on what they are doing to fight climate change.
Yale has asked supervisors of its investments not to invest in companies that do not work to reduce gas emissions.
Yale has asked supervisors of its investments not to invest in companies that do not work to reduce gas emissions. But, student activists want a clean break.
Tom suggested that we get an earlier start.
The actions are part of a larger movement to get insurance companies, large investors and governments to end fossil fuel investments.
Environmentalist and writer Bill McKibben is a leader of the movement to stop investments in fossil fuels.
The school announced last year that it would sell all its investments related to fossil fuel companies.
The Independent Petroleum Association of America has answered with its own campaign. It argues that pulling back from fossil fuel-related investments will be very costly for universities and do little to affect climate change.
Venice has been feeling the effects of global warming, with more frequent events of high tides and rising water levels in recent months.
On Nov. 12, the lagoon city suffered a particularly severe event that caused significant damage to its buildings, churches and cultural heritage.
Rising waters during the winter months are nothing new for Venetians, who have lived with high and low tides for centuries.
The band has already started playing.
The drain is clogged.
The drain was clogged by leaves.
Tom has already started dating someone else.
I think that I'll stay out of this.
I think I'll stay out of this.
What was life like in the 60s?
What was life like in the sixties?
I hope I've helped in some way.
I hope that I've helped in some way.
I think I ate too much chocolate.
I think that I ate too much chocolate.
This book is over three hundred pages long.
This book is over pages long.
I hope I can visit Boston again.
I hope that I can visit Boston again.
I've started writing another musical.
Tom has been trying to teach himself French.
How did this whole thing get started?
Tom sat down and started to untie his shoes.
This is where it all started for me.
Tom fell asleep in class and started snoring.
That's a business I'd love to start.
Tom goes to the gym a couple of times a week.
This is starting to get irritating.
Tom has already started dating somebody else.
This is starting to feel like work.
Tom started kissing me and I pushed him away.
This is all starting to make sense.
Tom was supposed to have done that yesterday.
Isn't it about time we got started?
The police think Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
I'll tell you the details tomorrow.
Tom dropped his empty gun and started running.
The noise started around 2:a.m.
Tom has suggested that we get an earlier start.
The police think that Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
That's a business that I'd love to start.
I think we need to look elsewhere.
Tom left early in order to avoid the rush hour.
The debate will start in an hour.
Tom started going bald when he was quite young.
All of us thought the same thing.
We tried to jump-start my truck.
Someone has to help Tom.
Somebody has to help Tom.
We won't start the meeting until Tom gets here.
The meeting has already started.
Tom was so tired that he fell asleep on the sofa before Mary had finished making him a sandwich.
Tom started doing this three weeks ago.
These days, the wildcat is a protected species in Algeria.
The Babor mountains of Jijel are a beautiful wild place.
Berber is still spoken in the Babor mountains.
Have you ever seen a wildcat in Algeria?
I have never seen a wildcat in Algeria.
Wildcats are extremely rare in Algeria.
There could still be wildcats in this area of Algeria.
We need to preserve the wildcats of Algeria.
My cat is neutered.
Algeria has amazing landscapes.
This cat is pregnant.
Algeria's wildcat wild populations need to recover.
They applied for a license to reintroduce wildcats in this area of Algeria.
Stop swearing.
Stop cussing.
Tom was so tired he fell asleep on the sofa before Mary had finished making him a sandwich.
I heard gunfire.
ISIS fighters isolated the cities they occupied from the world.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists promote propaganda that radicalizes their followers and makes them dumb.
You're going to feel the pain right away.
It's a story that's not going to go away.
You aren't going to get away with this.
These issues aren't going to go away.
People are going to get carried away.
This isn't just going to go away.
It's going to be hard to walk away.
You're not going to scare me away.
I'm not going to turn away.
I'm going to try to stay away.
The need isn't going to go away.
That's not going to go away.
That isn't going to go away.
It's not going to go away.
I doubt if Tom is going to get away with it.
I'm not going to send you away again.
You know Tom isn't going to let you get away.
You know that Tom isn't going to let you get away.
You know Tom isn't going to let you leave.
You know that Tom isn't going to let you leave.
Healthcare continues to be a big problem in southern Algeria.
Tom went away without saying a word.
Algeria doesn't have a problem of political vacuum.
Algeria has solved its problem of political vacuum.
Tom isn't far away.
Tom got carried away.
Tom ran away from me.
Tom lives a block away from here.
Tom threw the plastic bag away.
Daesh controlled Mosul for three years.
Tom said that he wanted to get away.
Tom said he wanted to get away.
Daesh controlled Raqqa and made it its capital in Syria.
We need to put everything away.
Tom threw all his old textbooks away.
Tom threw away all his old textbooks.
Tom has just passed away.
Tom gave all his money away.
Tom and I are going away for the weekend.
Algiers needs to repair its old buildings.
Is corruption going on in Algeria?
I can't let you get away with that.
Is there financial transparency in Algeria?
Under Bouteflika, there was no financial transparency at all.
It's all lies.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I couldn't understand what they were saying.
Daesh fighters shot at us.
Why did Daesh bomb this house?
"Who kidnapped him?" "Daesh."
Daesh is a terrorist organization.
He comes to Algiers three to four times a week.
Many Algerians have high blood pressure.
Many Algerians have diabetes.
Many Algerians have heart problems.
I heard thunder.
Tom fell asleep on the train and missed the station that he was going to get off at.
Algeria's development projects are making progress.
Algeria's development projects have taken too long.
Algeria needs to build new hospitals.
Algeria needs to modernize its hospitals.
Algeria needs to build new and modern hospitals.
Daesh was defeated in Syria.
Daesh has been defeated in Iraq.
Life is getting difficult here.
In Raqqa, they found tons of documents belonging to Daesh.
These documents belong to Daesh fighters.
I wanted a beer.
I want to take revenge for everything Daesh has done to us.
Tom fell asleep on the train and missed the station he was going to get off at.
Some people in Iraq and Syria want Daesh back.
Algeria's action plan was approved by the cabinet of the Prime Minister.
I loved your poem.
Tom was yelling at me, the baby was crying and then my phone started ringing.
This is a fallacy.
Do you like documentaries?
What can be done to save Algeria?
This Algerian vet is a dedicated conservationist.
Algeria became rich on oil.
If the demise of the combustion engine is near, Algeria shouldn't become a dump for European used cars.
Is Algeria prepared for the future?
Bejaia was once one of Algeria's most beautiful cities.
Tom started playing jazz after studying classical music for many years.
It was hard for me.
What are Algeria's climate targets?
Does Algeria have climate targets?
The Algerian government seems to think so.
Are there Yellow Vests in Algeria?
Algeria needs to forge a path for others to follow.
He's an Algerian top manager who spent years at Sonatrach.
When this Algerian engineer emigrated to Germany, he took half of his development team with him.
Tom started falling in love with Mary the minute he laid eyes on her.
This project has unlimited government backing in Algeria.
Mercedes is in Algeria, too.
Tebboune has a grand vision for Algeria.
Why are you so down?
Algeria needs deep structural change.
No one should be left behind in Algeria's structural change.
Algeria needs to move its economy in the right direction.
Algeria needs a transformation plan.
Algeria needs to undergo a radical change.
Farouk Chiali is Algeria's transport minister.
Algeria backs ambitious climate targets.
Does Algeria have climate goals?
What if Algeria's development goes in the wrong direction?
This is a cornerstone of Algeria's government policy.
He's one of Algeria's leading researchers in the field of agricultural engineering.
Change is coming to Algeria.
Algeria needs a new image.
Algeria wants to change that.
Algeria needs to make electric vehicles.
Is Algeria reacting to climate change fast enough?
Algeria needs to speed up its economic reforms.
Algeria needs to prepare for the future.
Algerian long-term employees will have new tasks.
Algeria is in for a big change.
This will be a big change for everyone in Algeria.
Algerians want change faster than the government.
Algeria needs to make change happen fast.
Algeria is facing major development problems.
Oil shouldn't shape Algeria's future.
Bejaia is in the east of Algeria.
Many of the separatist leaders will never be able to set foot again in the country.
He was born in the land of the mafia.
He studied at an Algerian university.
Corruption is suffocating the development of Algeria.
Corruption has penetrated everything in Algeria.
Algerians need to stand up to corruption.
Under Bouteflika, election fraud was very common.
Tom started to explain what had happened, but Mary wasn't listening.
Several Algerian civil servants were arrested for issuing false papers for corrupt businessmen.
In many Algerian towns, running water is available for just a few hours each day.
The Algerian government should work with actions, not words.
The Algerian government should fight corruption with actions, not words.
He invited his friends to Algeria.
He invited her to dinner.
He invited his friends to an Algerian dinner.
Algeria should learn how to plan long term.
Of course, I didn't choose this life.
Mafiosi kill children and dissolve them in acid.
Algeria needs to fight its corrupt mafia.
This is not a popular job in Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials drained the wealth of state-owned companies for years.
Algerian police found a stash of weapons on that farm.
Algerians should do away with their lazy ways and get to work instead of attacking the system.
Will we get a raise?
Algerians should do away with their lazy ways and get to work instead of blaming everything on the system.
My boyfriend is Algerian.
Tom started singing an old song and everybody in the room joined in.
It's seems that it's very easy for corrupt Algerian officials to launder their money in France.
My boyfriend is Canadian.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's corrupt officials would set up private companies, sign contracts with government companies and institutions and charge them inflated prices.
In Algeria, patients wait for months to have an operation.
Algeria has an inefficient health system.
Algerian public money shouldn't get into the hands of corrupt officials.
Despite her repeated racist attacks, Naima Salhi continues to sit in the Algerian parliament thanks to parliamentary immunity.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, and the separatists could have links to foreign powers and work to destabilize Algeria from the inside.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, and the separatists will soon lose power.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, and the separatists are subversive elements.
Many Algerian associations are only there to receive government subsidies.
Her skin is soft.
He doesn't want to have an average life. He wants to become rich.
Go back to the house.
Algeria is fighting organized crime.
This is Kabylie, a beautiful and enchanting region in the north of Algeria.
As a linguist, I've spent years studying the Berber language.
Tom has started asking his parents questions about what happened.
Have things improved?
Tom will start hiking the Appalachian Trail the day after tomorrow.
I awoke with a start.
He runs a small business in Algeria.
He hired a developer in Algeria.
You can live in Algeria without paying a dime.
They have a contact center in Algeria.
Tom started complaining about Mary again, but I told him to stop.
To understand this, we need to understand the geography of Algeria.
We took off from Algiers.
We are going to see Algiers from the air.
Some areas of Algeria are totally inaccessible.
I think I'm dyslexic.
They live in these remote mountains of southern Algeria.
Tom started asking questions as soon as he walked into the room.
He turned out to be a liar when all was said and done.
Turns out I never lost my wallet. It was in my desk the whole time!
Just go out and play.
Tom has started hanging out with some of the bad kids at school.
Tom is always dressed in normcore basics like jeans and T-shirts.
Michael Bloomberg pays people to construct a reality where he is worshipped.
His wife seems to be an alien.
They don't seem to be an American.
Just make it go away.
Tom was kicked out of school for fighting with another student.
Last week, we did OK.
Tom started speaking in French and everyone stared at him.
They won't let me go.
Tom slowed down for the stop sign, but he didn't actually stop.
Soon you'll learn the truth.
Soon you'll come to know the truth.
Don't make me go home.
Tom started playing the tuba when he was thirteen years old.
I paid by credit card.
Tom didn't start to sing professionally until he was thirty.
I'm dyslexic, I think.
Tom came out of the locker room wearing nothing but a towel.
It's going to hurt us.
Tom started talking in French, which I couldn't understand.
It's going to kill us.
Start up your engines.
This sector receives huge subsidies from the Algerian government.
It's not easy to buy a plot of land in Algiers.
The company turned to the Algerian state for help.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, and the separatists have escalated their racist campaigns.
Tom fell asleep during class and began snoring very loudly.
The government should encourage ordinary Algerians to come out and defy corrupt officials.
These rules are crazy.
Algeria should eradicate the terrorism scourge.
This call came from the Algerian city of Bejaia.
I've never seen anything like this in Algeria.
Tom was able to escape because the guards all fell asleep.
He was investing his criminal profits in Algeria.
Everyone pointed at me.
Tom's trial was to start today, but it's been postponed.
The Italian mafia has a very sinister history.
Daesh activities have little to do with religion and more to do with crime.
Networks like Daesh and al-Qaida are, in fact, global federations of terrorism.
Catching Algeria's escaped corrupt officials should be an absolute priority.
Algeria has state-of-the-art spy planes.
Is that really allowed?
Daesh clones its criminal structure everywhere.
In Algeria, it took years of fighting to eradicate terrorism.
In Algeria, it will take years of fighting to eradicate corruption.
I have a belief that, in Algeria, the tide of history has finally begun to turn.
Tom picked up a knife and started peelings the apples.
Under Bouteflika, many corrupt officials became unimaginably rich.
In the 1990s, terrorist groups made Algeria a killing field.
In 1994, a massive bomb blast killed dozens of policemen and civilians near a police station in Algiers.
It was too much for me.
He loved to read comic books.
The mafia would kill someone and put their body in a bath of acid.
You can drive around Algeria today without fear.
That's not the way most people see it in Algiers.
It's the 22nd anniversary of Matoub Lounes's death.
He's the head of the anti-mafia pool of magistrates.
In 2019, Algerians took to the streets to ask for radical change in the country.
He was accused of colluding with the separatists.
Algerians should be united against the corrupt officials of the Bouteflika regime.
He was threatened by the separatists.
He received threats from the separatists.
Our Algiers pastry shop has been in the family for forty years.
His wife and children moved to Algiers.
He faces the threats of the separatists alone.
The separatists have infiltrated everything.
Algeria is now free of the terrorist scourge.
We need to expose Lakhdar Benkoula's racist campaigns and report him to the authorities.
Algerians need to speak out against corruption.
He likes to talk about Algeria.
Tom moved to Boston and started working for his uncle.
We need to launch legal action against fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula.
It was very slow going.
I'm the one receiving death threats from the separatists.
Tom lost his cool and started throwing things at Mary.
We need to expose the truth about Lakhdar Benkoula's past.
Algeria needs to wipe out the culture of corruption.
Algeria needs to truly fight corruption.
The Djurdjura is a mountain range located in northeastern Algeria.
Algeria provides a good case study.
Algeria has declared war on corruption.
Algeria has declared a war on corruption.
Algeria is trying to root corruption out.
Algeria has suffered from corruption for many years.
Northern Algeria is filled with rugged mountains.
Algeria is one of Africa's most beautiful countries.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials plundered Algeria's vast resources.
Cherif Omari is Algeria's minister of agriculture.
There is little sympathy for corrupt politicians among ordinary Algerians.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials squandered Algeria's riches.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials siphoned millions off public budgets.
Corruption has become endemic in Algeria.
This is Kabylie, a rural area in northeastern Algeria.
It went terribly wrong.
In a matter of years, Berber will no longer be spoken in this part of Algeria.
Berber is still spoken here.
Algeria is rocked by corruption.
For now, Naima Salhi still sits in the parliament.
Tom got up and started to leave, but Mary stopped him.
He began his political career in Algeria.
He bought more property in Algeria.
For now, Naima Salhi, a fascist clown, enjoys full parliamentary immunity.
Corruption has plagued Algeria since the country's independence.
Corruption has ruined Algeria's economy.
People started dancing.
Algeria has spectacular environment.
He's an Algerian environmentalist.
Tom often falls asleep while watching baseball on TV.
They have a wood mill in Algeria.
Algeria is blessed with wonderful forests.
Algeria has so much corruption.
Most Algerians have lost faith in their politicians.
People started talking.
Will Algeria embrace democracy?
They live in a remote corner of Algeria.
This Algerian village remains frozen in time.
Many old buildings are allowed to fall into disrepair in Algeria.
France needs to declassify colonial records related to Algeria.
Some Algerians still live in abject poverty.
You claim to be an empiricist, and yet you believe in "natural rights." Curious.
Mouloud Feraoun was one of Algeria's leading novelists.
Mouloud Mammeri was one of Algeria's leading intellectuals.
Tahar Djaout was one of Algeria's leading authors.
Tom locked himself in his bedroom and started to cry.
He's an Algerian taekwondo champion.
Pretending to be surprised is his shtick.
Pretending to be surprised is her shtick.
Mixing the profane with the divine was Ginsberg's shtick.
"Why's he always like that?" "It's his shtick."
The carrot and stick approach is his shtick.
I'm watching Sami and Tom jostle for recognition as King of Tatoeba.
If she's serious, why does she consort with fascists?
If she cares about social justice, why does she consort with the alt-right?
Wheat is Algeria's most important food crop.
Algeria should stop importing wheat.
Wheat is ground into flour.
If Aviva hates fascism, why does she consort with Kahanists?
The ground in Northern Algeria is particularly fertile.
DNF is the replacement for the YUM package manager in newer versions of Redhat Linux.
We just saw his pretenses of moderate politics fall to pieces.
Do you consort with Proud Boys regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Do you consort with neo-Nazis regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Sponges are porous.
The people you consort with take all the guesswork out of determining your politics.
For all intents and purposes, he's a fascist.
People started yelling.
For all intents and purposes, Donald Trump is a fascist.
Tom started coughing and everyone began to move away.
Please don't start now.
Tom fell asleep while reading the evening newspaper.
Sami googled his symptoms.
Can Algerian products compete internationally?
Please don't start yet.
He's an Algerian grain trader.
Algeria's wheat should be shipped all over the world.
Tom started working in Australia several years ago.
Algeria's wheat exports have been steadily increasing.
Algeria's climate is suitable for growing wheat.
This is Algerian wheat flour.
Flour is very affordable for most Algerians.
This wheat flour is made in Algeria.
He's an Algerian store owner.
This wheat originally comes from Algeria.
This wheat comes from Algeria.
Are Algerian products more expensive?
You have to go to them.
Algeria shouldn't be importing wheat from Europe.
Many Algerians are employed in agriculture.
Algeria imports powdered milk from France.
Wheat is grown in such large quantities in Algeria.
Don't gobble all the food up before I get back.
This wheat is grown in Algeria.
This flour is made from Algerian wheat.
It's an unjust proposal and I refuse to toe the party line.
Wheat is grown in Algeria.
He works for an Algerian agricultural cooperative.
Being guilt-ridden doesn't change anything.
I actually had no idea she was a triplet.
Algeria has dairy cows.
This wheat semolina is produced in Algeria.
He lives in an Algerian rural village.
Algerians need to develop high-yield seeds.
Can Algerian wheat compete with subsidized wheat from Europe?
Could Algeria sustain itself without food imports?
We have onions in Algeria.
Algerian farmers need to improve their farming methods.
This wheat is imported directly from Algeria.
This grain is grown in Algeria.
We should be promoting Algerian products and making them competitive.
Cheap produce from Europe is inflicting damage on Algeria.
We're making bread from Algerian flour.
Algerian bakers need to make bread from locally sourced flour.
Does Algeria export meat?
Algeria needs to increase youth employment.
Algeria needs to export much more.
In India, restaurants typically have veg and non-veg options.
We visited the Algerian ministry of agriculture.
Algeria needs to tackle the causes of religious extremism.
He's an Algerian business leader.
Algeria needs to do this very cautiously.
Algeria needs to protect its small companies.
I came to Algeria to visit their company.
Algeria needs to connect its farmers with markets in Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
We want to develop a new supply chain with a supplier from Algeria.
This crop is grown in Algeria.
These crops are grown by Algerian farmers.
He runs a delicatessen store in Algeria.
Cheap European products are flooding Algerian markets.
I've just created a professional website for my business.
This is the port of Algiers.
When foreign products enter Algeria, they're subject to import duties.
Tom started talking as soon as he entered the room.
I have been working in Algeria for a long time.
He lives in the Algerian province of Bejaia.
He's an Algerian mountain biker.
Is this bike made in Algeria?
Companies like these are subsidized by the Algerian government.
China is swamping the world with its products.
These products are being made by Algerian firms.
You look like your mom.
All these products are made in Algeria.
Chinese bikes have flooded the market in Algeria.
He owns two different bicycle shops in Algeria.
Can Algerian products sell well internationally?
Can Algeria go into debt with the IMF again?
We will head next for Algeria.
He works for Sonatrach.
His products are often exported to Algeria.
Tom started taking French classes after he retired.
Are these products available in Algeria?
Is anything in this room actually made in Algeria?
It was a sad day for me.
Tom opened the shower door and reached for a towel.
Let's call your parents.
Algeria could lose a lot in a free trade game.
He's making good money in Algeria.
These products are all Algeria.
Algiers is a dynamic growing urban center.
Buy Algerian.
Algerians don't like Donald Trump.
Tom kept on talking as though nothing had happened.
These are Algerian flags.
Algerians do care about that.
It's sad to see Algeria in this situation.
He's trying to buy only Algerian-made products.
This car is assembled in Algeria.
I thought this was Algerian-made.
He tries to buy only products made in Algeria.
Algeria is facing a huge economic crisis.
He works in the Algerian province of Bejaia.
This product is imported from Algeria.
People started clapping.
We produce them here in Algeria.
This product comes from Algeria.
Many industries have already disappeared in Algeria.
Algeria needs antidumping measures.
Algeria needs to protect its jobs.
Algeria needs to protect its businesses.
Algeria produces iron.
The path to that rural Algerian village took us through a dense forest.
Should Algeria raise its import duties?
Onions are a staple in this area of Algeria.
The potato was packaged in red nets.
Our onions are packaged in red nets.
Algeria needs to protect its domestic markets.
Europe's overproduction is undercutting Algeria's agricultural sector.
Algeria could exports many farm products.
Algeria should build its own markets.
Algeria's agriculture sector is vulnerable.
Could Algeria become an industrial powerhouse?
Are Algerian products really competitive?
Is free trade a dangerous thing for Algeria?
Algeria can produce more food.
Can Algerian state-owned businesses be run profitably?
It's harvest season in Algeria.
He's an Algerian cattle breeder.
Can Algerian goods be competitive on the world market?
How much is Algeria investing in agriculture?
These products are cheap on the Algerian market.
He's a well-known figure in Algeria.
He runs a chicken farm in Algeria.
Many European products are destroying livelihoods in Algeria.
Algeria more than ever needs to protect its industries.
Can Algerian products compete with others internationally?
Many of the free-trade agreements that Algeria has signed with EU members are one-sided and unfair.
Tom started playing the tuba when he was thirteen.
Can Algeria become an industrialized nation?
That should change soon.
Tom cleared his throat before he started speaking.
That stress is gone now.
Tom was living in Australia when the war started.
The race starts at 2:30.
Tom usually does his homework right after dinner.
This was how it started.
Tom started screaming at me for no reason at all.
Will we receive a raise?
I froze for a moment.
There are girls with penises, boys with vulvas and transphobes without teeth.
I can't go back to sleep.
That's transphobic.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
It was a big deal for me.
Tom closed his umbrella and laid it on the floor.
I can't do without his help.
It's going to cost a lot.
Tom took a deep breath and then started talking.
It's starting to pay off.
I actually had no idea he was a triplet.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa and started snoring.
Let's go over this again.
Tom kept on reading as if nothing had happened.
People started screaming.
During the day, they look at each other; at night, they hug. What could it be? These are the door panels.
All day long, they look at each other; at night, they hug. What could it be? These are the door panels.
Tom tried to look as if nothing had happened.
The event starts at 2:30.
Things went pretty badly.
Tom had to tell his mother what had happened.
We're starting from zero.
Imagine how life would change for so many people who need a replacement organ if scientists could just print a new one that works.
Scientists at Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine are working on 3D bio printed human organs.
The scientists are also working to develop artificial blood vessels and miniature models of a human body using 3d bio printing.
Tom doesn't think he looks like his father.
You won't go home hungry.
Around million tons of plastic waste are dumped into the oceans every year, polluting the water, killing wildlife, and creating microplastics that enter the food chain.
Tom pointed out some mistakes I had made.
Many people spend much of their waking hours staring at screens.
Many people spend much of their waking hours staring at screens and that has spawned a growing health sector, called "digital wellness".
We live in an attention economy.
That deal didn't work out.
Our attention is the most precious resource.
Struggling with a stutter as a child, she relied on eye-contact to let people know she was trying to communicate.
Tom hopes something interesting happens.
Nomophobia is the irrational fear of being without one's phone.
Life spent online is generating new maladies. One of them is nomophobia, which is the fear of being without one's phone.
You can get "tech neck" from holding the neck at a degree angle.
Email apnea happens while holding your breath when reading emails.
Going completely offline is unrealistic for most people.
That isn't the point here.
Tom happened to be visiting me that day.
That's basically my point.
Tom always looks like he's half-asleep.
That's starting to change.
Tom Jackson is the author of this book.
That's starting to happen.
My invention principally consists in the placing within a boiler spongy, porous, or solid substances of various kinds, so as to fill, or nearly to fill, its internal cavity, with the exception of the spaces between, or within, such substances.
It is of a moderately fine, but unequal texture, considerably firm and hard, yet in many places loose, irregular and porous.
Part of this snow, which is not dissolved during summer, impregnated with rain and snow-water, is frozen during winter, and forms that opaque and porous ice of which the Lower Glaciers are composed.
Tom looks like he's about to throw up.
The trial starts tomorrow.
If you want anything, just ask for it.
I knew I’d seen you somewhere before.
Tom is one of Mary's friends, isn't he?
Tom hopes that something interesting happens.
How long did it take you to find Tom?
This shirt doesn't fit me.
Tom says that he'll text you later.
We just need to get going.
Tom was very angry about all that.
We really should be going.
Tom ordered drinks for all of us.
I see what's going on here.
Tom is very angry about all this.
It was a good start for us.
Tom said that he remembered me.
It was a very warm welcome.
Tom said that he needed a ride.
Tom said he needed a ride.
Tom said he remembered me.
Do you think that you can come?
Do you think you can come?
It was my worst start ever.
Tom pointed down at the ground.
Tom sent a birthday present to Mary.
Do you know who gave Tom that?
Tom sent us all presents.
This is the only one that I really care about.
Overall, it's a good start.
Tom was about minutes late.
That has started to change.
Tom says he'll text you later.
The game starts in an hour.
Tom doesn't open up to anyone.
The meeting starts at 2:30.
Tom will go there by himself.
Things didn't go that well.
Tom says that he'll text you.
This was my starting point.
Tom says he'll text you.
Tom refused to open his door.
We had a really good start.
Tom ordered all of us drinks.
Tom pointed out some mistakes that I had made.
Well, it's a start I guess.
Tom will go there with Mary.
You can get there by train.
Tom left the club with Mary.
Hold on tight. Don't let go.
Algiers is smaller than Paris.
Algiers is so large.
Many buildings in Algiers date back to the French colonial days.
Algiers is buzzing with life.
Many Algerian women wear a headscarf commonly known as a hijab.
He wants to establish his own fashion label in Algeria.
Indonesia has the largest number of Muslims in the world.
When it's time for the Friday prayer, the faithful flow into the mosque.
Algeria has thousands of mosques.
This mosque has room for four thousand worshippers.
Most Muslim women wear the hijab as a recognition of their faith.
In Algeria, it's not compulsory to wear the hijab.
This doesn't seem to fit in with your Islamic faith, does it?
I love her hijab.
She's interested in Islamic fashion.
She's interested in Islamic fashion wear.
Islamic fashion wear needs to be modest.
Her program is shown once a week on Algerian TV.
They took a quick moment to pray together.
Can we pray together?
These women wear the hijab.
These women wear hijab.
The program will be aired on an Algerian private TV channel.
Algiers is a city full of expensive apartments and villas.
Many people come to Algiers in search for a better life.
Algeria is attracting many Chinese companies.
Algiers needs much more supermarkets.
I have always wanted to come back to my home city of Algiers.
He has lived in Algeria for several years.
I was born and raised in Algiers.
I hate Algiers' traffic jams.
Algiers is a good place.
I'm starting to love Algiers again.
Algiers is not a bad place.
He helped her to prepare the couscous.
This is the first time I've ever eaten couscous.
Algiers is a modern city focused on the future.
Our Berber-language association has members.
There is a translation into Berber available.
He has worked on the stage for most of his life.
Algiers never really rests.
Every morning in Algiers, millions of commuters flow into the city center.
Getting to the city center is the biggest problem in Algiers.
Finding a parking spot in Algiers is almost impossible.
It's almost impossible to find a parking spot in Algiers.
There are many taxis in Algiers.
This represents the minimum wage in Algeria.
He's parking attendant.
He works at the supermarket as a parking attendant.
Algeria was a French colony for over a hundred years.
Many of Algiers' colonial buildings have been preserved.
Many of Algiers' colonial buildings have decayed.
The ship upon which they work belongs to an Algerian businessman.
New buildings are being built everywhere in Algiers.
Algiers needs to preserve its green areas.
We met at the Audin Roundabout, in Algiers.
Let's meet at the Audin Roundabout.
This is one of the few places in Algiers where young artists are allowed to practice graffiti.
They study at an Algerian academy of arts.
Tom has quit working for us.
I can't see what's going on.
Tom got a message from Mary.
I don't know where we'll go.
Tom wouldn't open his door.
I need to go to the dentist.
Tom is upstairs, unpacking.
I've started writing a book.
Tom almost always says yes.
It was a special day for me.
Tom will go there with us.
It was a trying time for me.
Tom used to be a paperboy.
It was fun talking with you.
It was me that started this.
It's the start of a new era.
Tom looks like a gangster.
Let me help you get started.
Algiers is a magnificent city.
What's so special about Algiers?
That's what makes Algiers' charm.
I have always lived in Algiers.
I'm at home in Algiers.
He's the founder of a Berber-language association.
Algiers in Arabic means "islands."
Algiers is a metropolis.
Algiers has developed into a metropolis.
Algiers is a modern city today.
Tom knew about it already.
I'm going to the garage.
I have take my car to the garage.
I need to get the tires on my car rotated.
That time has come and gone.
In Algeria, a working day usually lasts eight hours.
To be a vet here is a dream job for Skura.
Many French colonial buildings still shape Algers's landscape today.
In Algeria, the state religion is Islam.
Berbers aren't an "ethnic" or "cultural" minority in Algeria. In fact, most Algerians are of Berber descent and Berber speakers, including Kabyles, are well integrated in the Algerian society.
Almost half of Kuala Lumpur's inhabitants are Muslim.
"Live and let live" seems to be the motto of Kuala Lumpur.
This old trade is still flourishing in Algiers.
These sandals go quite nicely with your hijab.
Tom almost always says no.
My father still talks about the old Algiers.
New buildings are constantly being erected in Algiers today.
In Kabylie, Algeria, life is traditionally Muslim.
Finding a good job is not easy for young Algerians.
In Algiers, people are always eating.
That was the way we started.
These are Muslim Algerians.
This food is halal.
This food is without pork and halal.
I want halal food.
I want to eat halal food.
Have you ever eaten halal food?
He met new friends in Algiers.
He made new friends in Algiers.
There is a great variety of food in Algeria.
Algiers has its own special charm at night.
These people are also Muslims.
Algiers is an open, tolerant, cosmopolitan city.
Algiers is full of people and vehicles.
Algiers is full of cars.
Algiers is a Muslim city.
Skura is also a Muslim woman.
She doesn't want to have anything to do with the headscarf.
She doesn't want to have anything to do with the hijab.
Tom should've come today.
This is an old Algerian handicraft.
That's where it all started.
She painted Berber motifs on the pottery.
These ladies are wearing the hijab.
Can Algiers succeed in becoming a fully industrialized city.
The Algiers Opera House was built by the Chinese.
He became permanently employed at Sonatrach.
This is a Berber tradition.
This is an old Berber tradition.
Berber traditions are part of Algeria's cultural heritage.
She still wears the hijab.
She took her hijab off.
She must take her hijab off.
Not a single scene of that film was filmed in Algiers.
Algiers is completely different.
Algiers is a popular city.
Algiers is a relaxed metropolis.
He's an Algerian stockbroker.
I crossed the whole city of Algiers on my scooter.
Tom looks like his uncle.
Algiers is a city of white-colored buildings.
Most Algerians are Muslims.
I don't want to miss the Friday prayer.
Hijab is very important to her.
To him, religion is something spiritual.
He prayed in the main hall of the mosque.
The Algiers Grand Mosque is a gigantic structure.
In Ghardaia, Mozabite men wear their traditional clothing.
The team played really well.
Tebboune should lead Algeria into a new modern era.
They cook the halwa in cauldrons.
Tom hardly ever says yes.
They make the best baklava in the whole of Algiers.
Most Mozabites are ibadis.
Islam is Algeria's national religion.
Our mosque has a large prayer hall.
Our mosque has a beautiful crystal chandelier.
He's an Algerian marketing expert.
He owns an ice cream parlor in Algiers.
This is what keeps me going.
School is compulsory in Algeria.
School is compulsory for girls in Algeria.
Algeria is a modern nation, not a barbaric country.
Algiers is a city with many different faces.
Tom watched that happen.
I live in an Algerian fishing village where life peacefully takes its course.
Tuareg men dress traditionally.
Algerians maintain this tradition.
Traditional embroidery requires a lot of patience.
This is what keeps us going.
Our lifestyle is modern but oriented to Islamic traditional values.
Tom usually comes early.
People in Algeria live very differently.
This area of Algeria is a stone desert where no one can live.
Algeria has breathtaking views.
People have lived in Algeria since prehistoric times.
We got off to a great start.
He lives in an Algerian fishing village.
I throw the sardine as bait.
I use the sardine as bait.
He owns a small shop in Algiers.
The casing of the traditional dagger is made of leather.
He has a small shop in Algiers.
Algiers is a fascinating city.
The people of Algiers look forward to the future.
The people of Algiers look at the future with optimism.
Islam is openly practiced in Algeria.
Algeria still invests billions in urban development.
Algeria still invests billions in infrastructure.
He's a successful businessman from Algeria.
Not a single nail is used to build a dhow boat.
You look like weight lifter.
An Emirati would never give up a family tradition.
We visited some of Algiers's historical houses.
Skura also works in Algiers.
I'm a native Algerian.
These traders are from Algeria.
Their family business is located here.
He studied economics in Algeria.
Tom has a French accent.
Business is booming in Algeria.
The Casbah is part of Algiers's cultural heritage.
Algiers needs large car parks.
Algiers needs huge parking lots.
All lectures are in Berber.
How is Algeria's economy progressing?
Algerian students should be target-driven.
I can't hear what's going on.
I'm halfway through my sandwich.
Tom hardly ever says no.
I've started writing a novel.
Tom has a pet monkey.
It was hard for me to let go.
They haven't proven it.
He is very demanding to himself and others.
Tom seldom says yes.
He was born in Algeria and grew up in Germany.
He studies Arabic contemporary art.
He's an Algerian artist.
He left his hometown of Algiers.
How to stay safe from the new coronavirus?
China's health authorities are taking steps to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
In any case, nobody will come due to this rain.
Dubai is a low-tax economy.
When was the Algiers new international airport opened?
Marina likes this kind of music.
He adapted to life in Algeria.
Algiers develops its very own charm at night.
I feel more at home in Algiers.
He feels more at home in the Algerian desert.
My car doesn't always start.
No animal is as resistant in the desert as a camel.
Chocolate is popular in Algeria.
Algiers should become an investment metropolis.
Tom opened his door.
Now's the perfect time to go.
I don't belong to this kind of women.
Algiers never stands still.
Tom hid in the shed.
He moved permanently to Algeria.
That comment was unnecessary.
Tom had three beers.
He managed to get her antibiotics that saved her life.
The patient started coughing.
He came to Algeria to chase a dream.
He's an Algerian laborer.
He's an Algerian dancer.
He decided to try his luck in Algeria.
He's trying to buy a house in Algeria.
Algiers is certainly North Africa's fastest growing city.
This half-finished bridge is in Algiers.
He bought a land plot in Algiers.
He has already left Algeria.
"Did you get any money for this?" "Not one dinar."
Tom wanted a salad.
Don't let anyone leave this room.
Don't let anybody leave this room.
The show has already started.
We're doing this because we have to.
We're doing this only because we have to.
We're only doing this because we have to.
"What does 'unreliable witness' mean?" "It means the person is a liar."
Tom seldom says no.
They never gave me an answer.
Tom rushed outside.
Let's get out of here! That's going to explode!
This is phenomenal, isn't it?
Tom prefers coffee.
This is starting to get good.
Tom ordered drinks.
This is starting to get ugly.
Tom never says yes.
This time I'm going with you.
Tom got shot again.
What should be our next step?
Tom will have to apologise for his statements.
Tom will text you.
Are you afraid of being fired?
Tom should apologize for what he said.
Do you believe in rebirth?
I loved their work.
Tom will go there.
Do you still have the receipt?
Tom was in my way.
Getting started was difficult.
Tom wants a puppy.
How about we go to the movies?
Tom stayed inside.
I keep forgetting their names.
Tom snapped at me.
When did Tom buy his home?
Tom slowly sat up.
It was a great victory for me.
Haggling is normal in this country.
Tom is a Russian chauvinist, and Mary is a Ukrainian nationalist.
We don't want no excuses.
We want no excuses.
Tom shut his door.
It was great working with you.
Tom has just kicked the bucket.
Tom shouted at me.
Many children often go hungry.
Tom saw a raccoon.
Now we really should be going.
Tom is an awkward person.
Tom is a dork.
Tom rushed inside.
The party has already started.
You're important to me.
You are important to me.
Tom quit the team.
This has gone on far too long.
Tom quit his band.
This has gone on way too long.
Tom never says no.
This is as far as I should go.
Tom never replied.
We'd better get started today.
Tom needs to move.
You really hate me, don't you?
Tom needed a ride.
You've got to keep doing this.
Tom moved back in.
I started a new diet last week.
Tom should've asked Mary for help, but he didn't.
Tom could've asked Mary for help, but he didn't.
Tom mistreated me.
I would ask Tom for help if I were you.
I was the one who started this.
Tom makes candles.
Now I see what's going on here.
Why Tom and not me?
Why did you do that, and not Tom?
Tom loves to talk.
What time does the rodeo start?
Tom loved to sing.
When will the next episode air?
This tool was invented by Tom.
Tom has invented this tool.
Tom loved singing.
You can't go there by yourself.
I still don't understand why Tom hates me so much.
Nobody understood Tom's irrational behavior.
I almost forgot about Tom's existence.
It was a good party until Tom's arrival.
Tom loved cooking.
It was a good party until Tom arrived.
We were having a lot of fun until Tom arrived.
You look like you need a break.
As soon as Tom got there, many people left.
We had a good time. Then Tom came, and ruined everything.
We were having a good time until Tom got here.
Up until the time Tom arrived, everybody was having fun.
Up until the time Tom arrived, everyone was having fun.
Don't dare to go there without Tom.
Tom looked normal.
At this point, we have no choice.
Tom was released for lack of evidence.
Tom translated everything for me.
Tom lives with me.
Tom will pay for it sooner or later.
At this point, we can only hope.
Tom's behavior worries me.
I was really shocked by Tom's appearance.
Tom owns a chicken farm.
I told Tom that he was scaring me.
Tom wouldn't go to bed.
Tom liked it here.
Did I pronounce your name wrong?
Tom left in a cab.
Everyone should watch this game.
Tom is the Elon Musk of bad ideas.
Tom knew about it.
It was difficult to get started.
Tom kept watching.
Now we can go on with our lives.
I have a feeling that I've met you before.
I have a feeling I've met you before.
I have a feeling that that isn't true.
I have a feeling that isn't true.
I have a feeling that that's not true.
I have a feeling that's not true.
I feel like doing something new.
I had the impression that Tom didn't know what was going on.
I had the impression Tom didn't know what was going on.
I didn't believe anything that Tom said.
What time do you get home?
When do you get home?
It took three days for the smell to go away.
That smell stayed with us for three days.
Tom kept sneezing.
Now where are we supposed to go?
What time are you planning to be home tonight?
What time are you planning to get home tonight?
What time do you plan to get home tonight?
What time do you plan to be home tonight?
Tom kept his calm.
Thank you for pointing that out.
Tom is very crazy.
The process is very complicated.
Tom is upset, too.
This feels like a turning point.
Tom is being rude.
Are we really allowed to do that?
Tom is a mean man.
This has been going on for too long.
Tom is a mean guy.
This has been going on way too long.
Tom hated his job.
This is a point often overlooked.
Tom has to go out.
This time I'm not going with you.
Tom has got to go.
We need to get that point across.
Tom has an accent.
Cats are very interesting animals.
Tom has a car now.
Do you think things have improved?
Tom has a big car.
It's very rude to point at people.
Tom had his jacket on.
Let's go over those figures again.
The masses are gobbling it up.
The masses gobble it up.
Stop posting spoilers.
Stop saying spoilers.
Sleep dulled my senses.
Tom had gloves on.
Now's the perfect time to do that.
Tom got kidnapped.
Thanks for making my point for me.
Tom got a new car.
That couldn't have gone any worse.
Tom gave me a gun.
That shirt doesn't fit me anymore.
Let's send an invitation to Dupont.
I like the music in this place.
I like the local music.
I really love this tune.
Music is the language of the soul.
It's pouring.
Thou art important to me.
To hell with their objections!
This song is super catchy.
How do fish spend the winter?
"You're not afraid of me, are you?" "Of course not." "How sweet."
How do fish get through the winter?
Are they happy?
Tom found his dog.
The terms of use will change soon.
I do not tolerate disobedience.
It's pouring outside.
It's sprinkling.
It's sprinkling outside.
Tom cried with me.
Do you usually watch the World Cup?
I heard somebody screaming.
Tom couldn't wait.
Don't leave any food on your plate.
George Orwell was a violent antifascist.
George Orwell was a supporter of what we now know as "political correctness," considering it to be "only the most ordinary politeness."
George Orwell believed there was a lot to be hopeful about in the Soviet Union, despite its problems.
Martin Luther King, Jr. believed that white moderates were a bigger stumbling block to racial justice than the Ku Klux Klan.
Is he happy?
Is she happy?
Tom cooked for me.
How many people do we need to hire?
Tom gave Mary the money that she asked for.
Tom lent thirty dollars to me.
Tom said he liked that book.
Tom said that he liked that book.
Tom stomped out of the room angrily.
Tom angrily stomped out of the room.
I think that I understand.
I had the impression Tom knew what was going on.
I had the impression that Tom knew what was going on.
Tom didn't go because Mary said that he shouldn't.
Tom didn't go because Mary said that he shouldn't go.
Tom didn't go because Mary didn't want him to.
Tom didn't go because Mary didn't want him to go.
Tom didn't go because Mary didn't.
Tom didn't go because Mary didn't go.
Tom said he was going to clean up his room.
Tom said that he was going to clean up his room.
Tom recommended I go there by myself.
The police officer said we should go that way.
The police officer said that we should go that way.
I knew that was going to be hard.
I knew that that was going to be hard.
I knew that was going to be difficult.
I knew that that was going to be difficult.
No one's going to ask you any questions.
Nobody's going to ask you any questions.
If you're going to do that, make sure you're careful.
If you're going to do that, make sure that you're careful.
No one ever goes there anymore.
Nobody ever goes there anymore.
I thought you said this was going to be fun.
I thought you said that this was going to be fun.
I think I'm ready to go.
I think that I'm ready to go.
I hope that works.
I hope that that works.
No one's going to hit me.
Nobody's going to hit me.
No one's going to hit you.
Nobody's going to hit you.
No one's going to kiss you.
Nobody's going to kiss you.
I think I'm going deaf.
I think that I'm going deaf.
Do you think that things have improved?
I think I'm going to be doing that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to be doing that tomorrow.
No one goes to Australia anymore.
Nobody goes to Australia anymore.
No one goes to Boston anymore.
Nobody goes to Boston anymore.
No one knows where to go.
Nobody knows where to go.
I hope something interesting happens.
I hope that something interesting happens.
That isn't going happen.
No one's going anywhere.
I hope this is going to be fun.
I hope that this is going to be fun.
Tom dropped it.
Tom touched me.
I have a new idea.
Keep going, Tom.
It's a team effort.
They've gone away.
Tom did it slowly.
I knew I was wrong.
Tom died in a bed.
Tom does his duty.
I feel at home here.
You're presumptuous.
Tom spoke rapidly.
I'm going to keep it.
Tom works Mondays.
They might retaliate.
Tom is still a boy.
Let's not go that far.
Tom turned me down.
Our fees have gone up.
Tom works in a lab.
Tom can't keep time.
We need a little more.
Tom decided to come.
You let everyone down.
Tom loves Maria, but not me.
Tom has faith in us.
It's going to work out.
Tom has greasy hair.
That's not how it went.
Tom has to move out.
That's what went wrong.
Do you want to stay up to date with all the latest news?
Tom hung up angrily.
That's why we're going.
I'm pirating music and I'm proud of it!
Tom is my go-to guy.
There's lots going on.
Tom kicked me twice.
Would be good to live in a world, where people don't need to work.
It would be good to live in a world where people don't need to work.
More and more Algerians are using electricity to heat their homes.
Tom smokes too much.
Electricity is still a luxury commodity in Morocco.
Morocco is a country with very little fossil fuel.
Algeria is a country with plenty of fossil fuel.
In this area of Algeria, many things are still done by hand.
He lives in a traditional Berber village in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Their Berber village is on the edge of the Algerian Sahara.
"Ifri" is Berber for cave.
This area of Algeria is connected to the national grid.
Algerians need to use more solar power.
Energy-saving lamps are still expensive in Algeria.
Algeria needs to invest more in solar-power plants.
Algeria needs to harness the abundant sunshine of the Sahara and export its energy to Europe.
Algeria needs to exploit the potential of its solar power.
In Algeria, solar power has huge potential.
Could solar power make Algeria richer?
It's going be expensive.
Adrar is an area of Algeria where the winds give a high energy yield.
Algeria needs huge wind farms.
Algeria needs to develop better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to build better infrastructure.
Algeria needs to export more energy to Europe.
Tom was ready to go.
Many projects are on hold in Algeria.
In Algeria, many projects are on hold.
Algeria is a land of superlatives.
Algeria's demand on energy has soared.
Algeria shouldn't become an "environmental sinner".
Algeria needs to become more environmentally friendly.
Algeria has lots of sun.
Algeria needs to produce renewable energy and export it to Europe.
Algeria needs to build more hydroelectric dams.
It's going to be a mess.
Mary shaves her legs.
Construction began on the Algerian East-West Highway in 2007.
Many Algerians were relocated and compensated during the construction of the East-West Highway.
Algiers is an overcrowded city.
Bejaia is a typical Algerian city.
Algerian cities need to be turned into producers of green energies.
Not all of them will go.
Italy imports gas produced in Algeria.
Spain also imports gas produced in Algeria.
Could Algeria switch to green energy?
Tom bought me drinks.
Algeria needs to move away from fossil energy.
Algeria needs to use more renewable energy.
Algeria needs to use more renewable energy and move away from fossil energy.
Algeria needs to produce more renewable energy.
Algeria needs to solve its energy problems.
At some point in the future, Algeria will have to live without fossils fuels.
Algeria is moving slowly but surely into the future.
Algeria is facing enormous problems.
Tunisia is getting part of its electricity from Algeria.
Italy is getting gas from Algeria.
Even paranoiacs have real enemies.
Algerians should be more environmentally aware.
Algeria should extend financial backing for renewable energies.
Algeria needs to take climate protection seriously.
Algeria needs to electrify its transportation sector.
Algeria needs clean electricity.
Algeria needs to replace fossil energy with renewable energy.
Algeria needs to decabonize its electricity system.
Algeria needs to tackle the decabonization of its electricity system.
I won't tolerate disobedience.
Disobedience won't be tolerated.
Algeria should plan to phase out cars from combustion engines instead of planning to import Europe's used combustion engine cars.
Algeria's minister of trade is Kamel Rezig.
Tom translated everything into French for me.
You look like you need to take a break.
Renewable energies are finding an interest in Algeria.
Algeria is a country with plenty of sun.
Algeria could develop solar energy cheaply.
Algeria is still a developing nation.
Algeria still has some way to go on the infrastructure front.
Algeria shouldn't be a climate offender.
Algeria should reduce its greenhouse gas emissions.
He's an Algerian aviation expert.
They established a special research department in Algeria.
Algeria should commit itself to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions.
He's an Algerian physicist.
He's an Algerian pilot.
He set up an Algerian research group.
He set up a research group in Algeria.
Traveling by plane is relatively cheap in Algeria.
I have huge respect for Algeria.
I have huge respect for Algerians.
This needs to be properly thought through in Algeria.
How will climate change affect Algeria?
In Algeria, the future has already arrived.
In Tuvalu, water is already eating away on the land.
Many Palestinians are homeless now.
He doesn't come to Algeria much anymore.
Many Palestinians don't have enough money to rebuild their houses.
Many Palestinians don't have money to restore their houses.
Many Palestinian families have been torn apart because of the separation wall.
Many Palestinians are internally displaced in their own country.
Many Palestinians are refugees in their own country.
There are still four thousand Palestinians living here in crammed quarters. Their houses were destroyed in 2014.
Palestinians have seen big changes in Jerusalem and its area.
He has grown up here, in the heights of Kabylie, Algeria.
They'll finance your trip to Algeria.
Kabyles are not a "persecuted indigenous ethnic group." There are millions of Kabyles in all parts of Algeria and they are well integrated at all the levels of the Algerian society.
There are a lot of people from here in Algeria.
There are a lot of people from Algeria in France.
The separatists are trying to portray Kabyles as an "endangered and persecuted ethnic minority" that needs to seek "independence" from a so-called "Algerian colonial regime." In fact, there are millions of Kabyles in Algeria; they live in every single part of the country; they are perfectly integrated at every level of the Algerian society; they are free to go, work, and live everywhere in Algreria; they intermarry with people from all over Algeria; they massively reject any separatist plans to divide Algeria and their parents and grandparents played a central role in the rise of Algerian nationalism and the liberation of Algeria.
The Kadazan language will never disappear as long as there is one person who continues to speak the Kadazan Language.
Paranoia is a serious disease, Tom. You should consult a doctor.
I slipped as I went down.
Tom noticed I was there.
Tom noticed that I was there.
Tom didn't notice I was there.
Tom didn't notice that I was there.
Tom said he wanted to have fun.
Tom said that he wanted to have fun.
I was delayed as there was no transport.
I was shaking with fright.
They applied for asylum at the Algerian border.
He came to Algeria in as a political refugee from Syria.
Algeria has reception centers for migrants from Mali and Syria.
I always feel like an Algerian.
I feel Algerian.
I'll always feel Algerian.
He arrived from Algeria.
He's not making progress in Algeria.
He earns enough to help support his family in Algeria.
He didn't enjoy his childhood in Algeria.
He had a normal childhood in Algeria.
He continued his studies in Algeria.
He works as a freelance gardener in Algeria.
It's very different from Algeria.
Germany is very different from Algeria.
He has everything he needs in Algeria.
Southern Algeria has a desert climate and a severe lack of water.
It's a different life here in Algeria.
He has just earned four thousand dinars cash from an hour of gardening.
His wife comes from the same Algerian region as he does.
I'll live in Algeria as long as this world remains.
He's an Algerian philosopher.
Will Algeria be affected by climate change?
How many domestic date varieties grow in Algeria?
They have already gone to Algeria.
I can't imagine ever leaving Algeria.
The trip to reach Algeria was very hard.
He can't move freely in the West Bank.
Palestinians can't move freely in the West Bank.
This is happening in Algeria.
Our prices have gone up.
Tom told a good joke.
Tigzirt, which means "island" in Berber, lies on the Mediterranean Sea, in northeastern Algeria.
Their house is damp and smells of rot.
That's a long way to go.
Tom wanted to go out.
Water is finding its way through the wall.
They have moved to other parts of Algeria or left the country altogether.
The farmers are tilling their fields.
He's an Algerian mathematician.
He has dedicated his life to preserving the Berber language.
There's a lot happening.
Tom gets around a lot.
They wouldn't let me go.
Tom said that himself.
In Algeria, the heat of the sun can be relentless in the summer.
This junk has got to go.
The situation has grown much worse in Iran.
Young people are leaving Algeria.
Tom showed us the way.
It's late February and rains haven't come yet in Algeria.
Many people have lost their livelihoods in the Sahel region.
Many people live on the edge of despair in the Sahel region.
Many people have fled the drought in the Sahel region.
Many Tuaregs live in the Sahel region.
Many people of the Sahel region are climate refugees.
In the Sahel region, lack of water is driving people from their homes.
In the Sahel region, Lake Chad continues to shrink.
Algiers is a big place.
Algiers is getting bigger and busier.
Algeria is a lovely country.
He lives and does business in Algiers.
Algiers is crowed and jammed.
He's an Algerian fashion designer.
They live in Algiers's southern suburbs.
We won't go any further.
Tom was totally drunk.
There is enough space here, even for Tom.
Don't expect Tom to help you.
Count Tom out of it.
You can go home at noon.
Tom went deer hunting.
I'm not going to keep it.
Tom went to my school.
It was time for me to go.
Tom did it very slowly.
It went on for some time.
Tom drives a black van.
He invested the money in Algeria.
He's an Algerian banker.
He's an Algerian bank employee.
It's going to be a blast.
Tom lives in this area.
It's my job to go get it.
Tom looks pretty angry.
Life will go on as usual.
Tom ran to the station.
That's a lot to wish for.
Tom smoked a cigarette.
That's as far as I'll go.
Tom speaks poor French.
The key is to keep going.
Tom spoke deliberately.
The season is going well.
Mary has beautiful hair.
The smell took about three days to wear off.
The two go hand in hand.
Mary has lost her purse.
Tom knows how to protect himself.
I am sure that the culprit is Tom.
Do you have something against Tom?
This is going to be ugly.
Tom decided not to come.
Tom would never hurt anybody.
Tom has excessive demands on Mary.
Tom sealed his fate by that.
This is what Tom always supported.
We're going to be a team.
Tom gripped Mary's hand.
We're going to make wine.
Tom called me that night.
It kind of goes both ways.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas.
You forgot her name.
It seems to go on forever.
Tom gave me a blue shirt.
Let's see how things go.
Tom likes strawberry jam.
Life is going on as usual.
I won't take it if it is from Tom.
Opportunities come and go.
Tom weighs about kilos.
This is a choice of the Stein's Gate.
Our hearts go out to them.
Tom went abroad last year.
Pick that up and let's go.
I'd prefer to go on Monday.
The future of Algerian agriculture depends on a good management of the country's water resources.
Bananas aren't native to Algeria.
You can see how well bananas grow in Algeria.
Bananas can be cultivated in Algeria.
Olive trees are native to Algeria.
They expanded their plantation in Algeria.
Tom has GB of porn on his iPhone.
In Algeria, investors are hampered by red tape.
The Algerian authorities did nothing.
In Algeria, investors have problems with bureaucracy.
Algeria needs to develop a new water management plan.
We cannot let this sort of thing happen in Algeria.
Algeria should stop illegal water extraction.
This pipe comes from that well.
This is an illegal well.
There's not much going on.
They dug an illegal well.
There are over a million illegal wells in Spain.
Tom and Mary went shopping.
Australia is an island, a continent, and a country.
Australia lies at the bottom of the globe.
Australia is divided into states and territories.
Biskra is the date capital of Algeria.
Skikda is the strawberry capital of Algeria.
Larbaa Nath Irathen used to be the cherry capital of Algeria.
Her ovaries were removed.
Why are you in Algeria?
He owns four sugar mills in Algeria.
How much sugar does Algeria produce?
Algeria is one of the largest oil-exporting nations in the world.
How much sugar does Algeria consume?
How much sugar does Algeria consume per capita?
Sugar consumption is growing in Algeria.
How much sugar does Algeria import?
Algeria's farmland is spectacular.
Algeria's farmland is wonderful.
Boumerdes has become Algeria's grapes heartland.
You have a long way to go.
Tom is expected to be there.
You shouldn't go up there.
Tom doesn't live around here.
Grab your bag and let's go.
Tom skipped a year in school.
Algerians are migrating to Canada, seeking a better life.
It's harvesting season in Algeria.
They want to start a cane farm in Algeria.
If you have to go, it's OK.
Tom wants one of those a lot.
My brother and I were born in Algeria.
He's an Algerian transport supervisor.
You're probably going deaf.
You should go back to Boston.
The unloading facility is in Algiers.
The unloading facility is located in Algiers.
Algeria is a gas-exporting giant.
This vessel was loaded in Algeria.
Algeria should focus on green renewable energy projects.
Everything went up in smoke.
Algeria's appetite for sugar is increasing.
Tom doesn't live in this area.
The Algerian oil and gas industry is big.
Algeria can make its renewable energy industry much bigger.
Algerians eat so much pizza.
He has a pizza joint in Algiers.
Algiers is home to one of the fiercest driving environments in Algeria.
This lettuce was grown in Algeria.
It's never going to go away.
They're growing lettuce in Algeria.
Tom got married in his thirties.
Algerian farmers need to improve their crop yields.
Algeria's urban populations are rising.
Algerians need to eat healthier food.
This swordfish is from Algeria.
Algeria trades with the rest of the world.
He's an Algerian fisheries inspector.
He's the principal fisheries inspector of Algiers.
Can you have this translated?
He's constantly on the phone.
What are your issues with Tom?
Fish is expensive in Algeria.
Algiers people want quality.
In Algeria, pretty much everyone eats sandwiches.
Algerians like soccer.
Soccer is a very popular sport in Algeria.
Say another word about Tom, and you are dismissed.
It's time to pack up and go.
They have a factory in Algeria.
Tom kicked me a couple of times.
Algerians consume a lot of egg mayonnaise.
Tom is still in the game.
We need to work through the night.
Is online shopping becoming more popular in Algeria?
Tom entrusted me with an important task.
How much sunshine does Algeria receive every year?
Don't confide in Tom.
He's an Algerian farm manager.
That's all I'm going to get.
Tom went home three hours later.
Algeria should develop urban farming.
I think that Tom strings me along.
These tasty plants are grown in Algeria.
The Algiers rush hour traffic is holding us up.
It is hard to say when my obsession with Tom began.
Algerian cities are growing all the time.
We need to keep water flowing to Algerian cities.
Algeria needs to manage its water waste efficiently.
These plants were raised by Tom.
That's just the way it goes.
Tom couldn't come to our wedding.
What attracts you to Tom?
SEAAL is Algiers's drinking water supplier.
Algiers has a desalination plant.
This could seriously impact Algiers's water supply.
This ship has arrived in Shanghai after a six-week journey from Algiers.
Tom has three cats. Mary has one.
Since he was born on February 29th, Tom celebrates his birthday every four years.
Tom was born on February 29th.
Tom is a leapling.
This isn't going to go away.
Tom went backstage after the show.
Don't let things go to pieces.
Tom wouldn't go to Boston with me.
I'm not sure how I can go on.
Tom earns a good living doing that.
Not all of them will help us.
Tom pawned his grandfather's watch.
The war has gone on too long.
Tom broke into his neighbor's house.
You know you have to go back.
Tom knows many people here in Boston.
You've just got to let it go.
Tom has always wanted to go to Boston.
No one deserves his torments.
Nobody deserves his misfortunes.
Here is what I want you to do.
Tom knows how to count to ten already.
Who wants to travel far has to move his tonsure by sparing his mount.
It's going to be a close game.
Tom didn't seem to understand the joke.
Who wants to travel far moves his carcass while sparing his mount.
The lights flashed off and on.
I have to go to the station to meet Tom.
Things were going really well.
Tom used to do thirty push-ups every day.
You can't let those people go.
Tom should tell Mary what he just told us.
When she churns the milk, the Kabyle mother intones the lullaby which says: ““ Gouchla gechoula ”, my baby will go to the fountain, find an omelet there, and will not give it to anyone, other than his darling mother. "
You don't want to go up there.
Tom may miss his train if he doesn't hurry.
I felt a sharp pain in my side.
Tom was supposed to go to school early today.
I think we're going to make it.
Are you going to give Tom anything for Christmas?
Some people won't go willingly.
Tom goes to the supermarket once or twice a week.
Tom's mom is from Canada.
This place smells like a sewer.
Tom brushes his teeth more than three times a day.
You'd better do that next week.
I can't find the page I'm looking for.
Tom opened the bottle and poured each of us a drink.
I can't find the page that I'm looking for.
I couldn't find the page that I was looking for.
You've just got to go in there.
Tom is younger than his classmates because he skipped a year.
I gave up smoking two months ago.
Grab your suitcase and let's go.
Tom can't fool me.
I'm grateful for everything I have.
Tom bailed me out.
It was a pleasure to work with you.
Tom went camping.
It was a real pleasure to meet you.
Tom wanted pizza.
It's getting late. I have to leave.
I have to hurry. Otherwise, I might miss my train.
It was bound to happen to sometime.
Tom talked to us.
It was very nice of you to help me.
Tom sounds tired.
This desk has a secret drawer.
This desk has a hidden drawer.
As I've gotten older, my opinions on many things have changed.
Now that I'm older, my opinions on this matter have changed.
Thank you for raising these points.
Tom saw a rabbit.
Thanks for pointing out my mistake.
Tom saw a coyote.
Thanks for pointing that out to me.
Tom sang with me.
The time has come for you to leave.
You look like the person in charge.
Tom protected me.
You look like you're ready for bed.
Tom prefers jazz.
It's really rude to point at people.
At some point, it's going to happen.
Tom picked on me.
Did I pronounce your name correctly?
As Tom started to pull the trigger, he realized he was about to shoot his own father.
Tom lives on the other side of the island.
I never want to go back there again.
Tom parties hard.
It was stupid of me to believe that.
On Monday, Tom made it plain that he wasn't yet ready to throw in the towel.
Get in here on the double.
Get in here right away.
Things couldn't have gone any worse.
Tom partied hard.
This is the first time that I've seen a ship this big.
This is the first time I've seen a ship this big.
Tom peeled an orange and handed it to Mary.
You look like you been hit by a car.
My neighbors started arguing about three hours ago and they're still at it.
You look like you could use a drink.
Tom never cusses.
Tom never swears.
Do you want anything from the bakery?
On Monday, Tom made it plain he wasn't yet ready to throw in the towel.
Tom never curses.
Why do you keep giving her money?
I practice almost every day.
It was a very good experience for me.
The police believe that Tom may have fallen asleep behind the wheel.
Why do you keep giving money to Tom?
Why do you keep lending Tom money?
Why do you keep lending money to Tom?
Why did she do such a thing?
There's no point discussing that now.
She showed him how to sew a button on.
Tom needs a ride.
She taught him how to sew buttons on.
My coat has two-hole buttons.
He learned how to sew on buttons.
This is a small button.
This button isn't appropriate for that coat.
He sewed the button on upside down.
He doesn't even know how to sew on a button.
I've got a loose button on my shirt.
He's got a loose button on his coat.
He noticed the loose button on her coat.
Could you fix that button for me?
Could you sew on that button for me?
He learned how to sew buttons onto his garments.
He removed the loose button.
Remove the loose button carefully.
You need approximately inches of thread to sew on a button.
She taught all of her kids how to sew on buttons.
You look like someone who needs help.
The police believe Tom may have fallen asleep behind the wheel.
The buttons started to come loose.
You look like you could use a friend.
Tom must be nuts.
I like these blazer buttons.
I only have flat buttons.
You look like you need a little help.
The police said that Tom may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
At some point, that's going to happen.
Tom moved slowly.
How about we go to the beach tomorrow?
The police said Tom may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
I won't go anywhere without Tom.
At last Tom announced the results.
I think that you're missing the point.
Tom looked tough.
Let's not talk about this anymore, OK?
The play was so boring that Tom and I both fell asleep.
That's the point I was trying to make.
Tom is unpacking.
You look like somebody I used to know.
The blood on the towel found in Tom's car was his own.
You look like someone in need of help.
Tom is on a trip.
Skura's father is my landlord.
You look like you're having a bad day.
We're thinking about opening a new branch in Boston.
Tom has become a real couch potato. All he does is watch television all the time.
He's an Algerian office manager.
He's an Algerian microbiologist.
You looked like you were going to cry.
Tom has moved on.
You forgot her name, didn't you?
You forgot his name, didn't you?
I knew there was no point in trying to convince Tom.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he's done.
Tom doesn't work for anyone.
You've all been so nice to me.
You all've all been so nice to me.
I told Tom he was scaring me.
I'm sure the culprit is Tom.
I'm sure that the culprit is Tom.
I'd prefer not to answer that question.
Tom has grown up.
You'll soon learn the truth.
Can you get this translated?
Could you have this translated?
I still live in the same town where I was born.
We hired a gardener to trim our hedge.
If you want anything, just ask.
I knew that I'd seen you somewhere before.
We came up with a plan.
We need to come up with a better plan than this.
We need to come up with a better plan than this one.
The water is boiling.
The water is already boiling.
Water boils at one hundred degrees Celsius.
Water boils at a hundred degrees Celsius.
It was lucky you were there to help me.
At sea level, water boils at one hundred degrees Celsius.
The process itself is very complicated.
Tom has a curfew.
Unfortunately, we ignored that warning.
The play was so boring Tom and I both fell asleep.
Tom came out very badly.
What was it that caught your attention?
Tom had shoes on.
Tom cannot manage it anymore.
Tom was arrested right at his workplace.
You look like a guy who needs a friend.
I hope to be able to come back to Boston someday.
Tom set fire to his rival's house out of jealousy.
I was shocked to learn that Tom is my new boss.
How many left-handed people do you know?
Tom really doesn't need to know it.
Tom had one beer.
I will hide you away from Tom.
Tom should've come early.
It was a real pleasure to work with you.
It was nice to go back to Boston for the summer.
It's considered rude to point at people.
Tom had a hat on.
Tom had one can of beer in his hand and three more in his pack.
We only have three cans of beer left.
There are only three more beers in the refrigerator.
There are only three more beers in the fridge.
You look like you live with your mother.
I knew there was no point in talking to Tom.
You look like you're ready to celebrate.
Tom got swindled.
Due to the high amount of hydrogen sulfide in its atmosphere, Uranus would smell terrible.
At some point, things have got to change.
I hope to be able to visit Boston someday.
She is carrying a pack on her back.
I don't want to go back there ever again.
Tom contacted us.
You look like you could use some company.
I came to Australia when I was a child.
You look like you've been up for a while.
Tom contacted me.
Tom started coughing and everybody began to move away.
People started applauding.
People started cheering.
You look like you've had a very hard day.
You look like you did three years ago.
This department is supervised by Tom.
If I am not mistaken, Tom didn't promise anything.
Do you want anything from the supermarket?
Tom apparently misused his position.
Tom was shaving.
Mary treats Tom like a baby.
Tom might have acted under pressure.
He spoke to me in Spanish.
Tom is a couch potato.
Tom likes to act from a position of strength.
What about Tom caught your attention?
He doesn't know how he's supposed to do it.
He doesn't know how he's supposed to do that.
I wish that that accident hadn't happened.
You've got a stain on your T-shirt.
You have a stain on your T-shirt.
Tom was shaking.
Autumn days are coming to an end, and winter will set in soon.
She's heated the milk.
NASA is preparing to send a new rover to Mars for a human exploration mission of the Red Planet.
The party has already begun.
The party's already begun.
The party's already started.
The Mars rover will investigate a region of Mars where the ancient environment may have been favorable for microbial life, probing the Martian rocks for evidence of past life.
Throughout its investigation, the rover will collect samples of soil and rock, and cache them on the surface for potential return to Earth by a future mission.
That's the house he was born and grew up in.
That's the house in which he was born and grew up.
She wrapped the doll in pink tissue paper and put it in the cardboard box.
Those are old magazines.
Those are old periodicals.
SuperCam is a rock-vaporizing instrument that will help scientists hunt for Mars fossils.
The blacksmith took the hammer in his callused hand.
SuperCam fires a pulsed laser beam out of the rover's mast, or "head," to vaporize small portions of rock from a distance, providing information that will be essential to the mission's success.
The cat is sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace.
Using a laser beam will help researchers identify minerals that are beyond the reach of the rover's robotic arm or in areas too steep for the rover to go.
The cat's sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace.
The cat's asleep on the fireside rug.
The cat is asleep on the rug by the fire.
He took off his tie.
The farmer had a suntanned face.
Is this dish seasoned with pepper or paprika?
The autumn wind roared through the trees.
The autumn wind whooshed through the trees.
Two grams of pepper is enough.
Two grams of pepper will do.
It was very nice of you to do that for me.
Why is the sky blue during the day but red at sunset?
He didn't notice the difference.
I came to Australia when I was a kid.
Can you help me lay the table?
The trees are bending in the wind.
The trees bend in the wind.
But that's another story.
Can you help me set the table?
I found a box full of chocolates in the kitchen cupboard.
He likes eating raw carrots.
He likes raw carrots.
There's no water on the table.
She's a strange, enigmatic and inspiring poet.
The furniture is arranged so that when you open the door, you're looking straight in the mirror at yourself.
He can't see the little birds hiding amongst the leaves.
He sat down at the table to eat.
The player doesn't seem to agree with the referee's decision.
Have you got glow-worms in your garden?
Do you have glow-worms in your garden?
Are there any glow-worms in your garden?
I don't like that kind of joke.
I don't like those kinds of jokes.
Butterflies undergo a complete transformation during their lifetimes.
Good that you came.
It's good that you came.
It's good that you were able to come.
Who could know that?
It's good you came.
Who might know that?
It's good you were able to come.
She intends to get divorced.
I'm glad that you were able to come.
She plans on getting divorced.
She's planning to get divorced.
She intends to get a divorce.
His trousers are ironed every day.
This path follows the river.
His books have been translated into forty languages.
When she woke the next morning, she went straight to the window to see whether the first snow had fallen.
Waking the next morning, she went straight to the window to see whether the first snow had fallen.
Thank you very much for pointing that out.
Tom was at work.
Sunlight ripens and sweetens the grapes.
He went the whole way on foot.
He walked all the way.
In all probability it won't snow today.
In all likelihood it won't snow today.
The lion opened its jaws wide and yawned.
The lion opened wide its jaws and yawned.
It won't likely snow today.
It's not likely to snow today.
I doubt if it'll snow today.
The moon hasn't risen yet.
The moon hasn't come up yet.
What's "owl" in Greek?
I doubt that it'll snow today.
I doubt it'll snow today.
He realised his efforts were in vain.
He saw that his efforts were in vain.
They want to have a meeting with us today.
He was convinced of the need to learn it.
This flight makes a stop in Boston.
It gets dark much earlier in winter.
It becomes dark much earlier in winter.
Sometimes the time flies by.
These two are with me.
Suddenly he embraced her.
She worked all through the night.
Two cups of tea and two cups of coffee, please.
Two teas and two coffees, please.
He was staying with his aunt.
Lucy learns a lot through reading.
You have to take this bus if you want to go to the museum.
You have to get that bus if you want to go to the museum.
You've got to take this bus if you want to get to the museum.
You've got to get this bus if you want to go to the museum.
Bit by bit, she recovered.
Little by little, she recovered.
She recovered bit by bit.
Could you have known that?
He did it just to do her a favour.
He did it only to do her a favour.
More and more junctions are being built as roundabouts.
The sun's shining this morning, although it's very cold.
They cost three Euros a piece.
The Sun lights the Earth.
The street was full of advertising.
You look like a woman that I used to know.
There are some books on the shelf.
Some books are on the shelf.
There's some books on the shelf.
Tom wanted soup.
The hairdresser did the bride's hair.
Neither the Earth nor its orbit is perfectly round.
The mobile battery has run out.
This mobile battery is flat.
In the evening the friends go to the village pub for a drink.
The day before yesterday was very cold.
He accepted the suggestion.
He was shattered.
He was knackered.
He was whacked out.
"How long are you staying?" "A month."
She put the book on the desk.
Everyone began to take their places.
Everyone began to take their seats.
What's he going to talk about?
This gladiolus is perennial: it flowers every year without needing any special attention.
Blimey – it's already half six!
You look like you're in pretty good shape.
The point is that Tom wasn't lying.
You look like a kid who was just caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
You look like a kid that just got caught with his hands in the cookie jar.
I heard someone laughing.
I heard somebody laughing.
I laughed, but no one else did.
I laughed, but nobody else did.
I can make anyone laugh.
I can make anybody laugh.
Tom told me he thought that it wouldn't rain today.
Tom told me that he thought that it wouldn't rain today.
Tom told me he thought it wouldn't rain today.
Tom told me that he thought it wouldn't rain today.
I bet I can make you laugh.
I bet that I can make you laugh.
Everyone laughed at my idea.
Everybody laughed at my idea.
I couldn't believe no one thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe nobody thought my jokes were funny.
I said something I thought was funny, but nobody laughed.
I said something that I thought was funny, but nobody laughed.
I told Tom I didn't feel like doing that.
I told Tom that I didn't feel like doing that.
I said something I thought was funny, but no one laughed.
I said something that I thought was funny, but no one laughed.
I stopped laughing as soon as I noticed Tom was crying.
I stopped laughing as soon as I noticed that Tom was crying.
I hoped everybody would laugh.
I hoped that everybody would laugh.
I realized Tom wasn't laughing and wondered what was wrong.
I realized that Tom wasn't laughing and wondered what was wrong.
I hoped everyone would laugh.
I hoped that everyone would laugh.
We were laughed at by everyone in the room.
We were laughed at by everybody in the room.
Everyone laughed but me.
Everybody laughed but me.
I knew Tom would laugh.
I knew that Tom would laugh.
Everyone laughed at me.
Everyone started laughing at me.
Everybody started laughing at me.
Everyone laughed, including me.
Everybody laughed, including me.
I hope Tom won't laugh at me.
I hope that Tom won't laugh at me.
Everyone in the class laughed at me.
Everybody in the class laughed at me.
Everyone laughed except for me.
Everybody laughed except for me.
I thought I'd die.
I thought that I'd die.
I don't like these kinds of jokes.
I could hardly keep from laughing when I saw Tom and Mary dancing.
I laughed again.
I couldn't believe that no one thought my jokes were funny.
I couldn't believe that nobody thought my jokes were funny.
I don't want to go for lunch with Tom.
I have never promised Tom anything.
As soon as we saw what Tom was wearing, we all burst out laughing.
I stifled a laugh.
Tom's infatuation with Mary resulted in tragedy.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he did.
Tom was about to leave when it started raining really hard.
This idea was born in Tom's twisted mind.
I wasn't laughing.
Tom lived in the house next to ours for three years.
He threw away his bath towels.
Don't tell him that I was here.
I laughed politely.
Tom came back from Australia a couple of months ago.
Besides me, only you know about it.
Mary looks like a man.
That made us laugh.
I looked at what Tom was doing and started laughing.
I feared for my life.
I burst out laughing when I saw what Tom was doing.
She's showing off.
People laughed at me.
Tom should've offered to help Mary, but he didn't.
He doesn't like to give, just to get.
I really ate too much.
Tom rented an apartment in Boston for three years.
I just looked at her and I knew what she was thinking about.
I was afraid to laugh.
Tom laughed when Mary told him what she'd done.
We just looked at each other and started to laugh.
I think you should go and try your luck elsewhere.
You sure do cry a lot.
Tom laughed when I told him what had happened.
I'm not welcome at home.
You sure do eat a lot.
Tom inherited this house from his grandfather.
We do whatever we can.
I know why you laughed.
Tom never even smiles when I tell him a joke.
I laughed till I cried.
Tom doesn't really need to know what we did.
I promise not to laugh.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't cooperate with us.
Tom was shorter than me up until last year.
You'd better not laugh.
Tom was awfully skinny when he was younger.
I like this kind of music.
Tom has even more pencils that Mary does.
I was trying not to laugh.
Tom saw Mary looking at him and blushed.
You sure do do that a lot.
I told Tom a joke, but he didn't laugh.
All the boys laughed at me.
Tom had the crowd laughing in no time.
It won't likely rain today.
Tom got here really late this morning.
Why are you still laughing?
You need to get some sleep.
All the girls laughed at me.
I doubt if it'll rain today.
I'd never be able to do that.
I prefer biking to walking.
I prefer riding a bike to walking.
I prefer bike-riding to walking.
Tom and Mary were both there for me.
Tom and Mary were both screaming.
Tom and Mary were both fast asleep.
Both Tom and Mary were fast asleep.
Tom said that he had a really good time.
Tom took the kids to Boston with him.
Tom told us that Mary would be here.
Tom told everybody that he was married.
Tom told everyone that he was married.
Tom loved the gift that you gave him.
I'm sorry that I got carried away.
Tom is afraid that Mary will say no.
I want to make sure we don't make the same mistake you did.
Tom did everything that he needed to do.
What is it that you have to do?
Tom couldn't do anything at the time.
I hope that you'll do that soon.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen Tom get angry.
Tom didn't introduce Mary to anyone.
Tom didn't introduce Mary to anybody.
I don't think I offended anybody.
Tom didn't know that Mary was dead.
I didn't know anyone else there.
I didn't know anybody else there.
Tom didn't know Mary was pregnant.
I didn't see anybody go inside.
Tom doesn't know Mary's children.
I'd like to see someone do that.
Tom didn't tell his mom what he'd done.
I didn't think I could do that.
I didn't think that I could do it.
Tom didn't want anybody to help him.
No one wanted to do that with me.
Nobody wanted to do that with me.
I presume you do that sometimes.
Tom doesn't do things the way that I do.
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
Tom hasn't yet met Mary's children.
We don't need to hire anybody.
Tom doesn't know Mary lives here.
I didn't want to offend anybody.
Tom said that he didn't to want to talk about Mary.
I thought that the room was empty.
Tom speaks slower than Mary does.
Tom speaks more slowly than Mary.
The pond is three meters deep.
Tom told me that he didn't need a ride.
I hope that you enjoy your stay.
Tom didn't find out that he'd been adopted until he was thirty years old.
Did you say you were going to Austalia?
Did you say that you were going to Austalia?
Tom didn't think that he could do that.
I don't think I can eat all this.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is crazy.
I knew this would be hard to do.
I swear that I'll wait for you.
Tom drove his dad's car to the park.
Tom drove his father's car to the park.
I guess that we're out of luck.
Tom says that he feels a lot better now.
Tom says that he feels much better now.
Doing that was ridiculously easy.
Tom said that he was going to the zoo.
No one really knows what happened.
Nobody really knows what happened.
Tom used to cry a lot when he was a kid.
I thought it was very difficult.
I thought that it was very easy.
I don't think I could stand that.
I felt that I was being watched.
Tom didn't want to be taken advantage of.
I felt that I should apologize.
When Tom walked into the room, everyone switched to French.
When Tom walked into the room, everybody switched to French.
I'll stand by you, no matter what.
Tom didn't make eye contact with anybody.
I felt the timing wasn't right.
Tom insisted he'd done nothing wrong.
I think that this is ridiculous.
Tom gave this to me for my birthday.
I think you need some time off.
Tom is somebody that I looked up to.
Did everyone else do that, too?
Did everybody else do that, too?
Tom told his father what he'd done.
I'm glad that you weren't injured.
I'm glad that you weren't hurt.
Tom and Mary were both downstairs.
Tom and Mary are both downstairs.
That's not a hard thing to do.
That's not an easy thing to do.
That isn't an easy thing to do.
I'm drinking beer.
Tom likes going out for walks alone.
I'm the only one who laughed.
Tom laughed all the way to the bank.
It's not likely to rain today.
I hope that nothing bad happens.
It isn't likely to rain today.
I'm much younger than Tom is.
I was afraid Tom would laugh at me.
All the children laughed at me.
Tom didn't find out he'd been adopted until he was thirty years old.
A traveler trying to get out of Italy, where the coronavirus outbreak seemed to balloon overnight, described a scene where tourists and students scrambled to find a flight out of Florence.
"It’s a madhouse,” said Joan Walsh of Massachusetts, who cut her Florentine tour short with her husband, David Sibley, after the virus reportedly had infected more than people and killed as of late afternoon Thursday.
A handful of schools in the U.S. started bringing home students after closing their Italy programs this week.
Several schools with study-abroad programs in China and South Korea, where the coronavirus has infected nearly 79,and nearly 1,800, respectively, have already shuttered those programs.
Some students found out Monday that they were ordered home; others were voluntarily leaving Italy.
"We have made the decision to close the academic program at our Florence campus and assist our students with returning to the United States,” announced Syracuse University on Wednesday.
Concerns for the safety, well-being and free movement of the students in our study-abroad program in Florence, Italy, have guided this difficult decision, which was also informed by global health experts.
“Kinda sucks,” Walsh said the students responded. Most said they wouldn’t return until after spring break, later, or not at all this semester.
After the English-speaking U.K., Italy is the second-favorite study-abroad location for U.S. students. In the 2017-academic year, nearly 37,American students studied there.
Students will have the option of both online and hybrid courses to ensure they remain on track toward their graduation dates.
“Trying to get flights out of Italy isn’t too easy right now,” Kleiman said.
Students faced grocery-store chaos. "Monday, the lines were huge, and all of the shelves were empty,” he told VOA. “I was very worried.”
Kyle Patel, who was supposed to travel with a professor from the University of Georgia to South Korea on March 9, was excited about the coronavirus. "I'm pre-med and also public health. I study epidemiology, so I thought it would be really cool to be there at a time when this outbreak is going on,” Patel said.
Kleiman said he was staying at a friend’s house outside Milan, “trying to read some of the initial class notes that have been posted for my classes for the first week, trying to advance my thesis, and watching movies/playing video games.”
A narrow alley in San Francisco, California, is also an art exhibit, with walls covered by beautifully painted images and murals. It is called the Clarion Alley Mural Project, or CAMP, and it was established by a group of volunteers in 1992.
The Indonesian government announced that it plans to repatriate of its citizens who are crew members aboard the Diamond Princess, a cruise ship docked in Yokohama, at the center of Japan’s coronavirus outbreak.
The crew members will return home by air Sunday and be quarantined on Sebaru Kecil, an uninhabited island in Thousand Islands, near Jakarta.
Like in most places these days, the coronavirus outbreak is topping the French news.
Several dozen cases of coronavirus have been reported so far in France.
The French government is advising precautionary measures like not shaking hands and forgoing the traditional kiss on both cheeks.
For the moment, the borders between France and Italy remain open.
However, a recent decision to allow 3,Italian fans to travel to the French city of Lyon for a football match sparked controversy.
Tom got himself a beer out of the refrigerator.
Tom got himself a beer out of the fridge.
I don't think that I offended anyone.
I don't think I offended anyone.
I want to make sure that we don't make the same mistake you did.
You sure do that a lot.
You do do that very well, don't you?
You do that very well, don't you?
Tom didn't follow the recipe.
Tom hasn't met Mary's children yet.
Tom hasn't met Mary's kids yet.
I'm really grateful for your help.
I'm not as optimistic as you.
Tom followed the recipe exactly.
This recipe looks so simple.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to do that.
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.
I can't do anything about that at this time.
Tom did that for his kids.
Tom wrote a book about his bicycle trip around Australia.
Finish eating.
Tom lost both of his parents when he was quite young.
I can't do much.
Tom forgot to bring an extra change of clothes.
I can't pay you now.
Both of Tom's parents died when he was quite young.
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.
Tom didn't say anything I hadn't heard before.
I can't go there now.
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.
You do that too much.
Tom punished his children for doing that.
My glasses are broken.
My glasses got broken.
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.
I don't have money now.
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.
Can we keep it a secret?
Tom showed me his new baseball glove.
Can I stay here with you?
Tom couldn't help but agree.
I want to go to Australia some day.
I have nowhere to go now.
I disagreed with Tom on that point.
Will you accept this job?
Do you think that Tom would do that by himself?
Do you think Tom would do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom would be able do that by himself?
Do you think Tom would be able do that by himself?
We have to look after our Earth.
Our Earth is our only planet.
Earth is our only planet.
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom could do that?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom could do that?
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom would do that?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom would do that?
Do you really think that Tom would've been able to do that by himself?
Do you really think Tom would've been able to do that by himself?
Do you really think Tom could've done that by himself?
Do you really think that Tom could've done that by himself?
Tom threw the rotten bananas away.
We want to buy a new home.
One shouldn't celebrate too early.
Tom was unable to do that by himself.
I wasn't able to get Tom to laugh.
We want to try doing that.
Tom no longer needs glasses.
I've decided to do that myself.
We want to try to do that.
Tom doesn't need glasses anymore.
I tried to explain my idea to Tom.
This narrator is very good.
I told Tom not to laugh so loudly.
We want to be billionaires.
I laughed and Tom laughed with me.
Why are you still standing?
What Tom did didn't go unnoticed.
Why are you treating me this way?
Tom was never able to walk again.
I have no idea what to do now.
Tom lives in his parents' garage.
What an unfortunate situation!
I watched three movies yesterday.
Can we get to the beach by bus?
Have fun studying.
Enjoy your studies.
I really liked Tom's performance.
I have no idea what time it is.
I laughed at most of Tom's jokes.
I was the only one who laughed.
I am my own master.
Don't tell me what to do. I am my own mistress.
Wouldn't it be too much for you?
I laughed as I read Tom's letter.
I'm afraid of being laughed at.
Wash your hands with water and soap.
Unfortunately, I can't tell Tom.
I've got a favor to ask of you.
Tom kept us waiting all morning.
My first reaction was to laugh.
Tom and I both started to laugh.
I need a reason to go on living.
Tom and I both started laughing.
Something's going on down there.
Both Tom and I started laughing.
I looked where Tom was pointing.
They all started laughing at me.
These trucks are the lifeblood of Algeria.
This company specializes in the transportation of anything and everything around Algeria.
These semitrailers are the lifeblood of the Algerian economy.
These trucks are the lifeblood of the Algerian economy.
The train reaches its destination in Algiers.
I laughed at all of Tom's jokes.
You ought to go there this week.
I asked Tom why he was laughing.
You've got to finish doing that.
When did Tom start dating Mary?
All the other boys laughed at me.
It didn't show up out of nowhere.
Tom showed me his new unicycle.
I haven't laughed in a long time.
I think that Tom remembered me.
If I do that, I'll be laughed at.
I picked Tom up on my way home.
Is there any way we can help you?
I forgot to say goodbye to Tom.
We need to walk faster than this.
I agree with Tom on that point.
Go ahead and laugh if you want to.
That should be taken seriously.
It should be taken seriously.
The point is Tom wasn't lying.
I was the only one who didn't cry.
I don't have any French books.
I'm going to try harder next time.
Tom has asked for our advice.
This is my favorite kind of music.
Marina likes this sort of music.
Tom has no idea how serious the situation is.
Some people might already be fed up with Tom, but I am still mesmerized by that guy.
He is cowardly.
Tom and Mary were very quiet.
We were all laughing hysterically.
You're catering to his every whim.
Tom and I were both laughing.
We'd like to do something to help.
This picture was taken about five years ago.
The trial starts next Monday.
You're not going to stay, are you?
Tom stole something of mine.
Do you usually drink a lot of beer?
Tom has agreed to our terms.
I don't have the strength for that.
The book weighs one kilo.
Tom didn't say anything new.
I still laugh about that sometimes.
Tom and Mary were very loud.
I think I'll go buy us some drinks.
He is buying a computer.
Tom would never walk again.
I tried to make the children laugh.
Tom tried to make me laugh.
This has been going on a long time.
Tom ended up leaving early.
This money is really going to help.
The processing facility is in Algiers.
Tom betrayed my confidence.
We'd better start doing that today.
Tom and I weren't laughing.
We're going to continue doing this.
You're foreigners.
Is Tom still bothering you?
You can't let those people do that.
The trucks finally arrived in Algiers.
The trucks headed back to Algiers.
The vegetables have reached Algiers.
Algeria has various mountain ranges in the north.
I've never heard Tom laugh.
You have to go out there and fight.
Algeria needs big bulk ports.
Algeria is investing in roads.
Algeria could export various materials.
Algeria produces building materials.
His smile was frightening.
He's an Algerian marine pilot.
Algeria isn't in a cyclone region.
Algeria needs to develop its shipping ports.
Algeria needs to develop its shipping ports and build new ones.
Algeria needs much bigger shipping ports.
Algeria needs shipping ports much bigger than those it currently has.
I pointed my finger at Tom.
You're going to pay me, aren't you?
We shouldn't laugh at Tom.
Can I come over to your place today?
The tugboat guided the ship into the Algiers port.
On a good day, Algiers looks as pretty as a picture.
In winter, Algiers is beautiful.
Algeria has a fantastic climate.
In the summer, Algeria is something else entirely.
There are no cyclones in Algeria.
In Algeria, it gets very hot in summer.
Tom pulled his sweater on.
The final destination is the Algiers Port.
Our final destination is the Algiers Port.
I don't laugh as often as I used to.
The Algiers Port isn't too large.
That's what keeps Algeria's economy going.
Algeria is very big.
Tom didn't look sad to me.
I'm afraid people might laugh at me.
We hold online meetings with partners across Algeria.
Algeria has a bright future.
Does Algeria have rare earth metals?
Algeria should produce hybrid cars instead of becoming the dump of Europe's used cars.
Fascists like Naima Salhi, Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists continue to claim that there never was a language called Berber.
Algeria produces smartphones.
Algeria should produce electric cars.
Does Algeria have rare earths?
Does Algeria have rare earth deposits?
Algeria has lots of useful raw materials.
Algerian needs to protect is environment.
Do we have rare earths in Algeria?
Algeria should focus on the green technologies of the future.
Algeria should develop green technologies.
Algeria should focus on developing the green technologies of the future.
Algeria should develop the green technologies of the future.
Algeria has zinc deposits.
I'm learning Ladino.
Tom bought a box of candy.
When is the bonfire going to be lit?
I'm learning Judeo-Spanish.
Tom bought a bag of candy.
Why that happens is still a mystery.
Algeria needs more nature reserves.
Algeria should export smartphones to sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria needs more wind turbines.
Algeria has become militarily powerful.
Algeria reduced its oil exports.
Algeria should tackle its environmental problems.
Algeria should tighten its environmental regulations.
Algeria could make a lot of money with processing its hydrocarbons.
Algeria wants to control its hydrocarbons refining, too.
Algeria is overly dependent on Chinese exports.
Algeria should find new oil and gas deposits.
That happened to Tom, too.
You wouldn't go in there, would you?
The lollipop made my tongue blue.
I tried to make Tom laugh.
I have no idea what's going on there.
I think Tom remembered me.
If we do this, it'll set a precedent.
Tom took the news calmly.
This kind of thing can go on forever.
Tom pulled his gloves on.
I have no intention of doing that now.
You're a foreigner.
Tom pulled his gloves off.
I saw Mary naked, but I wish I hadn't.
Tom didn't bat an eyelid.
I was afraid people might laugh at me.
Tom pulled his sweater off.
Tom pulled off his sweater.
Tom asked for our advice.
If you're going to do it, do it today.
We only heard one shoot.
I waited for Tom's reply.
It would be a bad idea to go up there.
Boston is very beautiful.
People laugh at you behind your back.
I'm a foreigner and I'll stay that.
Tom is an obstinate guy.
This isn't going to end any time soon.
Tom helped me willingly.
We've decided to try doing that again.
Tom has started smoking.
You can't let those people change you.
Tom and Mary were quiet.
I'd suggest that you don't go up there.
We heard nothing.
We didn't hear anything.
Tom was hurt and angry.
You need to learn to laugh at yourself.
Tom still works for us.
I asked the boys why they were laughing.
Tom is an educated guy.
I don't have the answer to that question.
Tom got himself a beer.
I don't have the answer to your question.
I can't tell my father about this.
I can't tell Dad about this.
Tom and Mary were loud.
I won’t have any time to do that today.
In French, the subject is rarely omitted.
I have no equal.
I have no rival.
I am second to none.
My people consider me a traitor.
My people hold me for a traitor.
My people regard me as a traitor.
I held you for better.
I hold my math teacher in high esteem.
Damn, you're such a mug.
Tom lives with me now.
Of course, you're going to enjoy it here.
Tom has quit drinking.
We just want to have enough to live well.
Tom had only one beer.
Tom was understandably confused.
Tom fed the squirrel.
The U.S. Botanic Garden in Washington, one of the world’s top plant conservatories, is marking its 200th anniversary this year.
The U.S. Botanic Garden in Washington celebrates its bicentennial this year.
The 4,orchid plants are one of the botanic garden's foremost attractions.
Tom bought some candy.
You still look like a high school student.
Tom has a pet rabbit.
I don't have the strength for that anymore.
Tom needs a bicycle.
I've already told the police what happened.
Tom kept us waiting.
That's the point that I was trying to make.
Young people like her books.
Young people like your books.
Young people like their books.
Tom didn't look sad.
You look like you wore your clothes to bed.
I saw your friend here yesterday.
I missed Tom's call.
You're going to do that anyway, aren't you?
Not many people would like to go back there.
At that point, anything could've happened.
Tom pointed at us.
The snow will all be gone within a few days.
The snow will all be gone in a few days.
Tom grinned at us.
We just want to have our opinions respected.
I pointed at Tom.
We're not at all satisfied with the results.
You're a foreigner, aren't you?
Tom studied art.
No matter what happens, I'll always love you.
Tom stood by me.
We've decided to try doing it that way again.
Tom saw a shark.
Who's the most important person in your life?
Tom picks on me.
You have to do that today before you go home.
Tom needs a gun.
You look like you could use some cheering up.
Tom says that he needs a ride.
You look like you just lost your best friend.
Tom says he needs a ride.
The narrator is very good.
Tom made me pay.
You look a lot like an old girlfriend of mine.
Tom hid his gun.
You look like you have something on your mind.
Tom headed home.
You look like you know how to handle yourself.
Tom has a puppy.
At some point, we just need to make a decision.
Tom fought John.
Why do people always make things so complicated?
Tom didn't vote.
You look like you could use a glass of lemonade.
Tom despises me.
It was very considerate of you to do that for me.
Tom smokes pot.
My car stalled in the middle of the intersection.
Tom smoked pot.
As you've already pointed out, that was a mistake.
Adolescence is a complicated phase
Tom saw a wolf.
It was very considerate of you to buy that for me.
Tom likes soup.
You look like a guy who might put up a good fight.
You look like you could use a cup of coffee.
Many strange things have been happening here.
Tom was in shirt sleeves.
Please remove this.
Tom refused to compromise.
This is almost new.
Tom gave me a foot massage.
This isn't so rare.
Tom likes math, but I don't.
Tom rides his bike to school.
Tom bent over to tie his shoe.
This isn't so uncommon.
Tom is known as a ladies' man.
I felt really miserable.
He was awarded Algerian citizenship in 2004.
He's a member of the Algerian parliament.
Tom gave me both money and advice.
I could have gone to China or Russia, but I wanted something different, so I came to Algeria.
I really wanted to help.
When I started my business in Algeria, I met the right people and things took off from there.
In the 1970s, Algeria had collective farms.
The crisis of the 1980s hit Algeria's agricultural sector hard.
That Algerian manager ran things properly.
We have dairy cows in Algeria.
Our Algerian business employs four hundred people and it keeps hiring.
They didn't resent me because I'm Algerian.
Algerians are confronted everywhere by reminders of the war of liberation.
In 1958, French troops shot twenty-four Algerians there.
I didn't study Berber formerly.
Over time, he learned Berber.
You need to learn proper Berber.
When I spoke Berber to them, they were confused.
The Berber language exists.
Tom is the best student in his class.
According to eminent fascist "intellectuals" like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, and Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists, there is no such a thing as the Berber language.
I desperately need money.
The sanctions were good for Iran because they helped it strengthen various economic sectors.
He sells agricultural machinery in Algeria.
He married her when he first arrived in Algeria.
Algeria needs agricultural machines.
"What if Algeria sees tough times again?" "Algeria is ready to face any situation."
He can take care of himself. After all, he's Algerian.
Never mess with an Algerian.
Algerians are as tough as Italians.
Algerians and Italians are Mediterranean people.
Algerians and Italians are Mediterranean people and one should never mess with them.
Algerians and Italians get along very well.
Algerians and Sicilians get along pretty well.
When an Algerian is in Sicily, he feels at home.
Whenever I visit Sicily, I feel at home. It reminds me very much of Algeria.
I love visiting Italy. It reminds me of Algeria.
I love visiting southern France, Corsica, Andalusia, and Italy. They remind me of Algeria.
Algeria is as beautiful as Italy.
Algeria is as beautiful as southern Italy.
Northern Algeria is as beautiful as Italy.
Algerians are very similar to Italians.
Algerians are anthropologically similar to Italians.
Algerians and Italians share a lot culturally.
Algerians and Italians have a lot in common culturally.
Algerian and Italian women are very similar.
I sometimes can't tell an Algerian woman from an Italian one.
Algeria isn't officially represented in the fair this year.
This fair features Algeria's various regions.
We are back in Algeria.
Tom used to live in Australia, I think.
This is our secret weapon.
In Algeria, the situation has returned to normal.
The situation has returned to normal in Algeria.
Algeria has won 4-1.
Ghana lost to Algeria 4-1.
Takfiris think that Algeria is trembling with fear.
This film was shot over a period of four years in Algeria.
That's forbidden in Algeria.
Entering Algeria is still complicated for some foreigners.
Algeria hopes to become economically self-sufficient some day.
Algeria has fertilizer companies.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had cooperative farms.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had cooperative farms everywhere.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had collective farms.
Algeria certainly needs a science and technology museum.
This the Algerian village where Matoub Lounes was born.
He was the son of an ordinary Algerian peasant.
These traditional coats are imported from Algeria.
How did the presentation go?
Who wouldn't love to live in Algiers?
I immediately understood what Tom meant.
In Algeria, there are paved roads everywhere.
Get out of there immediately.
Algeria doesn't have lots of high-rise buildings.
He will never set foot in Algeria again.
The balcony offers a view across Algiers.
The balcony offers a beautiful view across the Algiers Bay.
The window offers a wonderful view across the Algiers Bay.
Algiers's most famous amusement park is in Benaknoun.
Algiers's most famous amusement park is located in a neighborhood called Benaknoun.
I can't come often to Algiers because of my work.
I like to come to Algiers to relax.
I think that there's a ghost in our attic.
I think there's a ghost in our attic.
All of Tom's grandparents died before he was born.
Many Algerians have never been abroad.
There's hardly an Algerian who doesn't dream to go abroad.
Algiers, Oran, and Bejaia are some of Algeria's most attractive cities.
Algiers, Oran, Bejaia, Constantine, Tlemcen, and Ghardaia are some of Algeria's most attractive cities.
Jijel, Skikda, Bejaia, and Ghardaia are some of Algeria's most attractive regions.
There are less and less arranged marriages in Algeria and marriage for love is trending.
He's an Algerian business professional.
He's an Algerian traffic cop.
They're singing the Algerian national anthem.
We're cheering on the Algerian team.
Mary gets prettier every time I see her.
My parents never punished me.
"Talwit" means peace in Berber.
In Algiers, the Sablette Seafront is a popular place for Friday outings.
This fruit is imported from Algeria.
Fast-food restaurant are cropping up everywhere in Algeria.
Food is an important part of the Algerian culture.
Does Algeria have cooking festivals?
This is an Algerian sports shoe factory.
Algeria needs to raise the quality of its products to an international level.
Algerian products have to appeal to international consumers.
Times have changed in Algeria.
We paid a visit to a bowling alley located in Bab Ezzouar, Algiers.
He's an Algerian office worker.
This young man is an Algerian office worker.
Tom squished the cockroach with his foot.
Can you help me translate this?
This Algerian region is famous for its unspoiled nature.
In the Algerian regions of Jijel and Skikda, there's a lot of unspoiled nature.
Algerians are open, curious, and full of life.
Algeria is changing rapidly.
Algerians' tastes are changing.
Algerians have big hopes for the future.
Tom left the house while we were still sleeping.
Starting my business in Algeria wasn't easy.
Did you just come up with this?
The Algerian region of Skikda is known for the turquoise blue waters of its beaches.
Mass tourism could harm Algeria's unspoiled regions.
He's an Algerian diving instructor.
We need to study the effects of plastic waste on the Algerian ecosystem.
Leopard sharks are harmless to humans.
This Algerian region is a specially protected national park.
Tom was paid three hundred dollars for doing that.
I've always told you the truth.
Waste disposal is a big problem in Algiers.
Tom put his money in the bottom drawer of his desk.
Get down from there immediately.
Tom attended several ceremonies while he was in Australia.
My mum helps me remove the core of the plum.
She went to the post office to send the package.
Everything was much simpler then.
Will you be at Lucy's home tomorrow morning?
Louder. I can't hear you.
What she said can't be believed.
You don't want to listen to me at all.
Tom jumped off the bridge.
Do I need you?
There's a kitten on our porch.
Tom let me use his office.
Will you try it?
Tom laughed and walked away.
I won't likely win.
The three of us are brothers.
I'm not sure that was what Tom said.
I'm not sure that that was what Tom said.
I'm sure that wasn't what Tom said.
I won't need those.
I'm sure that that wasn't what Tom said.
Tom is a doctor and an author.
I won't be forgiven.
I love snorkeling in Algeria.
The Chrea National Park is a real tourist attraction in Algeria.
The monkeys of the Yakouren Forest are a real attraction in Algeria.
Fish is one of the local staple foods in this Algerian village.
No tsunami is heading towards Algiers.
Algeria has an emergency plan for the coronavirus epidemic.
Algeria takes this danger seriously.
In Algerian apartment buildings, elevators are derelict and haven't worked for a long time.
Tom is a man who loves ritual.
Why are you still up?
Forty thousand dinars is a wage an Algerian can live on.
Tom let me work in his office.
They live in a Muslim fishing village in southern Thailand.
I didn't find it easy.
They're Muslims and they're bothered by the lightly dressed Western tourists.
People in this village are Muslim and they seem to be bothered by the lightly dressed Western tourists.
People in this Mexican village are conservative and they're bothered by the lightly dressed American tourists.
Algerian seas are illegally plundered for their coral.
Algerian coasts are illegally plundered for their coral.
Tom lives alone in a log cabin.
I want a purebred dog.
Tom doesn't like his new glasses.
Cats are baby-sized.
Cats are baby-sized furballs.
I have no choice except going by air.
Algeria has a lot of dive sites.
Algeria could become a paradise for diving tourists.
The Algerian town of Tigzirt could become a paradise for diving tourists.
The family was highly doubtful of the statement from the military.
Algeria doesn't need Japanese fishing boats to overfish its seas.
We don't need to worry about Tom.
These are stupid rules.
The doctor suggests the patient stop smoking.
The pages are turning yellow with the years.
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?
Let's blow the fans.
Should I make a confession of my past to her?
Wang and Li get along well.
We have not yet arranged the time to leave for Nanjing.
Thirty-two Madagascan students who receive scholarship are flying to China.
Tom likes both singing and dancing.
I won't buy any of these.
Fish has become expensive in Algeria.
In Netherlands you can see windmills wherever you go.
French is so difficult that I don't want to learn it any more.
Tom didn't make his intentions clear.
Please don't wait for me.
Algiers is the richest city in Algeria.
Algeria should recycle more.
Welcome to the magical world of Algiers.
Algiers is a place of history.
Where's Algiers's main sanitation depot?
He's an Algerian sanitation worker.
Algerian sanitation workers have their work cut out for them.
He's an Algerian urban historian.
We need to keep Algiers clean.
Algeria is filled with contradictions.
Algiers doesn't have large slums anymore.
Everything could be recycled in Algeria.
There is a market for everything in Algeria.
Tom is taller than his younger brother.
We had lunch in the park.
This product sells all across Algeria.
Tobacco sells all across Algeria.
The old garments are inspected and missing buttons are reattached before they're sold.
Hindus believe in the sanctity of life.
He's an Algerian goldsmith.
Tom is in his room, studying for a test.
Are the fish biting today?
I won't do what Tom says he wants me to do.
I won't help you tomorrow.
Algeria has a Berber-language daily newpaper called Tighremt. This newspaper is entirely published in Berber.
Let's not start the meeting until Tom gets here.
We paddled down the river.
Tom couldn't remember where he put his sunglasses.
What's in the dog's mouth?
Mary went to Boston where she met the man of her dreams.
I can't get the door locked.
Tom gave the man who came to the door both food and money.
Let's talk about anything but that.
Tom has brains.
If you have any time available today, I'd like to talk to you.
Tom worries me.
At that point, I was afraid something bad was going to happen.
Tom worries us.
No matter what you do, you're not going to get me to laugh.
Tom likes pasta.
You looked like someone who didn't want to be disturbed.
Let's look for something better.
Let's look around more thoroughly.
Let's check more thoroughly.
Tom may call us.
At some point, we're going to have to make some changes.
Tom may have it.
You look like you've got one foot in the grave already.
Aren't I beautiful?
Am I really ugly?
Tom may need us.
You can't let other people make your decisions for you.
Sorry then. No idea what came over me.
Tom may stop us.
You should pack a couple of extra changes of clothes.
Tom may want it.
You can't just go out and buy a replacement for this.
Tom's arm hurts.
Only people came to the stadium to watch us play.
They beat their children.
I want to know who has gone.
It won't be repeated again.
Tom should have admitted his mistake.
Tom should admit his mistake.
Can you find Tom?
It's going to take years for us to finish doing this.
Did we scare Tom?
I wanted to fix everything, but I only made it worse.
Industry is the root of all ugliness.
Even Tom knew it.
You look like you haven't had a decent meal in days.
The cobwebs are glistening in the silver dew.
The cobwebs glitter in the silver dew.
This is a famous bronze statue.
He built himself a cottage in the middle of the woods.
He built himself a cottage in the middle of the forest.
He was building himself a cottage in the middle of the woods.
She always considered him a faithful husband.
Only Tom is left.
Do you wear a wedding ring?
Are you wearing a wedding ring?
More men are going to die before this thing is over.
That star is so large that it can be seen with the naked eye.
The receptionist asked him whether he'd like to pay by card or cash.
He's a Nobel Prize winner for literature.
Would you prefer white or red wine?
Tom ate a carrot.
All eyes were on him.
It now takes me longer to do things than it used to.
Can anyone guess?
She's as thin as a rake.
He drives too fast.
The question is very important.
It's a very important question.
They've bought a newspaper.
They bought a paper.
They respected each other.
The air was freezing, though a beautiful spring sun was shining.
The air was icy, though a beautiful spring sun shone.
The air was nippy, though a beautiful spring sun shone.
They've become used to the cold.
They have become used to the cold.
They have got used to the cold.
They've got used to the cold.
They got used to the cold.
"Is this book worth reading?" "Yes, it is."
He always eats in the kitchen.
"Would you like something to drink?" "Yes, an orange juice, please."
The cyclist stopped for a break and drank a large shandy.
Dark clouds are moving in – a storm is coming. Let's get home sharpish.
The sky is filling in with dark clouds – a storm's on its way. Let's get home, quickly.
If you open this door, you'll come into the garden.
When you open this door, you come into the garden.
On the first day of the voyage Mary held out, but after that she became seasick.
Whenever Tom held a lecture, you had to camp outside the lecture theatre the night before to get a seat.
Absolutely meaningless; everything is meaningless.
Whenever Tom held a lecture, people wanting a seat had to camp outside the lecture hall the night before.
Absolutely meaningless, said Kohelet. Absolutely meaningless, everything is meaningless.
Tom ate my apple.
Does she sing or play the piano?
Besides the guitar, she also plays the piano.
You looked like you were having a pretty good time.
Utter vapor, said Kohelet. Utter vapor, all is vapor.
The valley widened more and more.
The clouds drift round, and they glide by, surrounded by light and the blue sky.
Algeria needs hospitals.
The Algerian government has money.
The father of the leader of the separatists fought and died for the independence of Algeria.
The father of the leader of the separatists fought and died for Algeria's independence.
Ferhat Mehenni's father fought and died for he independence of Algeria.
Ferhat Mehenni's father fought and died for Algeria's independence.
Both Ferhat Mehenni's parents fought for the independence of Algeria and his father died during the war of independence.
Our parents fought for the independence of Algeria.
Our parents fought for Algeria's independence.
In the 1990s, Algeria was driven into a civil war.
In the 1990s, Algeria was driven into a bloody civil war.
I think about Algeria a lot.
Tom has the wine.
The point is that I don't think that's a good idea.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists want to drive Algeria into ethnic slaughter.
A bottle of cold mineral water would do nicely now.
How do you ask for water in German?
Algeria is part of the world.
Water is seeping through.
We met in Algeria.
Ferhat Mehenni's mother fought for Algeria's independence.
Algeria still has a functioning government.
Alex kicked the ball so high that it came down with snow on it.
All of a sudden he hugged her.
He's living a comfortable and safe life in Algeria.
He's living a safe life in Algeria.
He worked in the most desperate parts of Algeria.
He worked in the most remote parts of Algeria.
Diabetes is really on rise in Algeria.
He's living a comfortable life in Algeria.
Tom is blameless.
Did you live in Algeria?
I have returned to Algeria to save my country.
I want these things, but the rest goes to the dump.
Why did you return to Algeria?
Do you like Jill's new hairdo?
Why have you returned to Algeria?
Do you like Jill's new hairstyle?
"Why did you return to Algeria?" "To save my country."
"Why have you returned to Algeria?" "To save my country."
Algeria is a normal country.
Do you by any chance know where I could have left my keys?
The arms of his pullover were so long that they covered his hands.
His jumper's arms were so long that they covered his hands.
He has a fashion shop in Algiers.
You've asked a very good question.
He's running a restaurant in Algiers.
Do you remember that time?
We love Algeria.
He won't come in rain like this.
He's not going to come in rain like this.
He opened a restaurant in Algiers.
He won't be coming in rain like this.
He's not going to be coming in rain like this.
He's an Algerian engineer.
This part of Algeria feels like Arizona.
It's been raining now for almost a whole week.
It has been raining for almost a whole week now.
He wants to move back to Algeria.
You'll arrive at 2.and Mary a bit later.
You'll arrive at half past two and Mary a bit later.
You'll arrive at half two and Mary a bit later.
The last presidential election in Algeria was a historic vote.
You're arriving at half past two and Mary's arriving a bit later.
You're arriving at half two and Mary's arriving a bit later.
You arrive at 2.and Mary arrives a bit later.
You'll arrive at 2.and Mary will arrive a bit later.
In 1992, a bomb exploded at the Algiers international airport.
You'll arrive at half past two and Mary will arrive a bit later.
You'll arrive at half two and Mary will arrive a bit later.
In the 1990s, the Algerian GIA terrorist group became a formidable force.
Those years, unfortunately, went by very quickly.
Those years flew by, unfortunately.
The Algerian diaspora should come back and take part in the development of the country.
Paul has drunk two bottles of water.
Paul drank two bottles of water.
Algeria should become a land of opportunity.
Today is Wednesday, isn't it?
Come back to Algeria.
It's Wednesday today, isn't it?
Today's Wednesday, innit?
He introduced his fiancée.
He held government positions in Algeria.
He has also held government positions in Algeria.
Kidnapping, repression, aggression, beating, unfair condemnations, imprisonment are the daily lot reserved for Kabylia and the Kabyle people to bring them to their knees.
Everything is fomented in the Algerian black laboratories to drive Kabylia into the chaos that would legitimize a state of siege.
Tom may blame us.
The “Hirak” is the Trojan Horse, an instrument of excellence, used to infiltrate Kabylia and explode it from within.
“Khawa-Khawism” is a sedative euthanasia lure, whose awakening will be dramatic for its unfortunate followers and for Kabylia as well.
You look like you could use another pair of hands.
The harmful fruits of the “Hirak” are already visible in Kabylia.
Kabyle blood is halal.
Algeria should learn from successful economies like Vietnam, Korea, and Turkey.
Sofiane Babaci was kidnapped from his home.
Algeria should open up its economy to the rest of the world.
Algeria should separate economy from politics.
He was illegally detained under a warrant of arrest and thrown in prison for the simple reason of being in possession of the Kabyle flag.
Algeria should open up its market.
Algeria should welcome foreign investment with open arms.
Algeria should lower the cost of doing business.
Algeria should emulate what successful economies like Vietnam and South Korea achieved.
Algeria should duplicate what successful economies like Vietnam and South Korea achieved.
In Vumerdas, Amar Saidani, a young Kabyle from Iwaquren, was brought before the judge with an empty file, to whom one want to make bogus accusations, with recruited witnesses.
Algeria and Tunisia have a similar culture.
The colonial horde repressed, in blood, with unprecedented violence, a peaceful rally organized to prevent the gathering of the criminal Ali Benflis.
As usual, the Kabyle mother will still cry for her injured children, five of whom are in serious condition, one child who has lost an eye, and another child who will never stand up again because both feet had to be amputated after the colonial police decided to drive over him and crush his feet with a military truck.
I've been following Algeria now for close to four years.
How fast will Algeria grow?
Modern Algeria has embarked on a process of Arabization, Islamization and socialism and this threefold policy has been a failure.
Socialist slogans and state management of the economy have not sufficiently modernized Algeria or reduced corruption.
Islamization in Algeria has degenerated into a civil war that has left nearly two hundred thousand dead and the regime buys the peace of the imams by making concessions.
Algeria should have good infrastructure.
Arabization is fiercely opposed by the Kabyles who want to preserve their language and their culture.
Is cheap labor available in Algeria?
Kabyles have their own language and culture and most of the time they have a strong preference for secularism.
Does Algeria have enough cheap labor?
Is Algeria running out of cheap labor?
The Kabyles are ostracized by the government especially as many express their desire for autonomy or even independence.
Algeria has benefited a great deal from that.
With the advent of Algeria’s independence in 1962, the Kabyle language was denied acknowledgement, repressed and banned.
Since then, Kabylia has been obstinately confronting the process of Arabization and acculturation that is undermining its language and identity.
The Black Spring in was a very large event. One hundred and twenty-six Kabyle demonstrators were killed by the Algerian gendarmerie, and nearly others were wounded.
Tom went to Mary.
Algeria has a very bright future.
I'm not an engineer yet, but I want to become one.
How do people see Algeria on the world stage?
Algeria is back on the world stage.
Tourism will be a major source of revenue for Algeria.
Algeria should promote more economic growth.
Algeria's economic growth needs cheap labor.
Algeria needs to attract more capital from overseas.
Will Algeria be successful in doing that?
Who's Tom dating?
It takes me longer to do things than it used to.
Maybe Tom's answer will be no.
I'm not likely to be at tomorrow morning's meeting.
Should we ask Tom?
If you don't understand something, let me know.
Tom had icy hands.
I'm surrounded by a lot of incompetent people.
Tom has a minivan.
I'm the one who handles most of the business.
Tom has his moods.
I was aware of everything that was going on.
Tom hates working.
I don't know if I could be happy doing that.
Tom is indisposed.
I can't get excited about anything anymore.
Tom may accept it.
I won't have enough time to do that today.
Tom may invite us.
As soon as I find out, I'll let you know.
Tom may know Mary.
After the meeting, we went out to a bar.
Tom stumbled home.
Who's calling us at this time of night?
Tom threw it away.
We must leave here as soon as possible.
Don't be like this.
Tom won't keep it.
I'm very disappointed with both of you.
Guard them.
Tom works all day.
I'm satisfied with the way things are.
Why did Tom shoot?
I don't want to be a burden to anyone.
Can't you find Tom?
Prices just keep going up every year.
Did you tickle Tom?
Get out of there as soon as possible.
Mary feels very old.
This problem isn't going to go away.
Tom agreed to come.
I've set my alarm to go off at 2:30.
As Chinese authorities try to get the country back to work without risking another coronavirus outbreak, new official data show that the manufacturing sector plunged by a wider margin than expected.
Last Saturday, China's National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) revealed that the widely-watched indicator of the country's economic activity slumped to a record low of 35.in February from 50.in January. This was the lowest since January 2005, when the index was first released.
In addition to the manufacturing data, China's non-manufacturing services sector activity also posted its deepest contraction on record, dropping to 29.from 54.in January, according to another survey by China's NBS.
While the coronavirus epidemic has disrupted business for some of the biggest corporations in the world, it is hitting smaller businesses in China particularly hard.
Wu opened his shoe manufacturing business about years ago and it had been doing well until now, he said.
"My customers are not able to come to me. Now I can only use apps to handle some orders on Taobao," an Amazon-like online marketplace, he said.
Recognizing the threat, the government has pledged support for the country's small- and medium-sized businesses, including a deferral of pension, health and housing payments, and promises to lower rents.
The government has also announced delayed schedules for repaying business loans.
Primary school teacher Marzio Toniolo would usually spend his weekday mornings cycling to work and teaching children in the small, quiet northern Italian town of San Fiorano.
Now, Marzio is one of around 50,people whose lives are on hold after they were placed under quarantine as Italy tries to contain Europe's worst outbreak of coronavirus that flared up in the regions of Lombardy and Veneto.
Shops are shut, the bar is closed and people speak to each other from a safe distance.
We told my grandpa times that the bar is not open because of the Spanish flu, to make him understand.
Tom cares for Mary.
I'll tell you more about this later.
My door won't lock.
Tom hates studying.
Get out of here as soon as possible.
I left the house while everyone was still sleeping.
I left the house while everyone was still asleep.
We left the house while everyone was still sleeping.
We left the house while everyone was still asleep.
Tom may be worried.
You don't have to follow my advice.
That was a huge coup.
Tom may believe us.
When you don't have what you love, you should love what you have.
We have no choice but to go for it.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend and put his life in danger.
Tom was doing well.
If only I knew where to go, I'd go.
Tom's bag is empty.
I'm always the first one to arrive.
Who's visiting Tom?
Do you really not like stawberries?
You can't beat Tom.
Who's that girl who winked at you?
Tom might accept it.
We're just about ready to do that.
Tom might invite us.
Things like that happen sometimes.
Even though more people than ever are shopping online, just 11% of all retail sales occur over the internet.
America’s retailers are taking notice now that millennials have overtaken aging baby boomers as the country’s largest living generation of adults.
For starters, millenials are more adventurous and want to try something new
Millenials are interested in connecting with brands that feel authentic.
This generation has been conditioned to be able to order everything through a small screen.
Tom won't wear that.
Millennials are expected to be big spenders over the next decade as they begin to buy and furnish new homes and start having children.
Millennials are more hesitant to buy legacy big brands that they think don't really understand.
The cost of living keeps going up.
Harley Davidson motorcycles, which represented freedom and the unlimited possibilities of the open road to older generations, now faces being left behind by millennials who are more interested in using ride-sharing apps to get around.
Harley-Davidson recently reported its worst quarterly sales in recent history, continuing a slide that began in 2014.
There was a time when American teenagers thought nothing was cooler than wearing the Gap’s chino pants and branded sweatshirts.
But today’s hipsters aren’t buying the retailer’s offerings, which industry experts say haven’t changed much in the last years.
Millennials are the most photographed generation of adults in history.
How millennials want to see themselves really impacts what they buy in terms of "Does this brand, product or service align with my values? Does the store ... treat people well? If it's a restaurant, is the food responsibly sourced?" All of these things are suddenly playing in that consumer narrative.
The World Health Organization is urging countries affected by the coronavirus to enact containment measures as the best way to slow down the spread of this deadly disease.
I bet Tom won't come.
Prices have gone up significantly.
What time will you leave the office?
I have bought some clothes.
Do you mind taking me home?
Should we praise Tom?
Only a few of us have to go there.
Tom didn't want this.
Just grab what you need and leave.
Tom fell in the pool.
We've had a lot of disagreements.
Tom may get divorced.
We're negotiating a new contract.
Tom might be worried.
We haven't yet agreed on a price.
Tom might believe us.
There's a party going on next door.
Don't say anything about this to anybody.
I don't know who anybody is.
I don't know who anyone is.
Don't forget Tom and Mary used to be married.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary used to be married.
Don't turn on the light.
Don't turn the light on.
Don't make the same mistakes I did.
Don't make the same mistakes that I did.
I don't think that can happen.
I don't think that that can happen.
No one is going to show up.
Nobody is going to show up.
My mom is going to kill me.
My mother is going to kill me.
Everyones's scores went up.
Everybody's scores went up.
I thought this was going to be easy.
I thought that this was going to be easy.
I'm very happy you came to see me.
I'm very happy that you came to see me.
I hope you feel comfortable.
I hope that you feel comfortable.
I'm not going if no one else is going.
I'm not going if nobody else is going.
I'm not going if no one else is going to go.
I'm not going if nobody else is going to go.
I'm surrounded by people I don't like.
I'm surrounded by people that I don't like.
I'm not convinced that that's a good idea.
I'm usually the last to leave the office.
I'm usually the last one to leave the office.
I'm sure Tom won't let us down today.
I'm sure that Tom won't let us down today.
I'm sure Tom won't let us down.
I'm sure that Tom won't let us down.
I hope Tom doesn't let us down.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't let us down.
I'm sure this was done by Tom.
I'm sure that this was done by Tom.
I'm sure Tom did this.
I'm sure that Tom did this.
I'm sorry Tom wasn't able to come.
I'm sorry that Tom wasn't able to come.
I'm sorry Tom wasn't able to be here.
I'm sorry that Tom wasn't able to be here.
I see Tom trusts you.
I see that Tom trusts you.
Who's that girl Tom is flirting with?
Who's that girl that Tom is flirting with?
I'm hungrier than Tom is.
I'm not the person who should be doing this.
I'm not the person that should be doing this.
I think Tom made that mistake on purpose.
I think that Tom made that mistake on purpose.
I hope that won't be a problem.
I don't think we'll be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I don't think that we'll be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I'm sure I won't be as busy tomorrow as I was today.
I'm sure that I won't be as busy tomorrow as I was today.
This is the third time I've seen this movie.
This is the third time that I've seen this movie.
No one goes to the library anymore.
Nobody goes to the library anymore.
You said you wanted to hear the truth.
You said that you wanted to hear the truth.
I wrote down everything I needed to buy on a scrap of paper.
I wrote down everything that I needed to buy on a scrap of paper.
I hope I don't bore you.
I hope that I don't bore you.
We had trouble getting the money we needed.
We had trouble getting the money that we needed.
Tom hasn't yet paid back the money that he owes me.
Tom rarely talks to anyone.
Tom says that he feels a lot better today.
Tom agreed to do what we asked.
Tom said hello to everyone in the room.
Tom said hello to everybody in the room.
It'll be faster and easier to do this the way Tom suggested.
It'll be faster and easier to do this the way that Tom suggested.
Why do you think this is interesting?
Why do you think that this is interesting?
Why is everyone awake?
Why is everybody awake?
I should've guessed you were the one who did this.
I should've guessed that you were the one who did this.
That was the last one.
That was the last straw for me.
That was the last time we did that.
That was the last time Tom was seen.
That was the last time I ever saw Tom smile.
That was the last time Tom was seen alive.
That was the last time that Tom was seen alive.
Tom almost died after eating the mushrooms that Mary had gathered.
Tom almost died after eating the mushrooms Mary had gathered.
Don't be afraid, Tom.
The red geranium is very beautiful.
It doesn't look so cute.
What is the joy of life?
Don't call us.
Don't quarrel with him any more.
Don't end up like Tom.
There cannot be life without the sun.
Don't be tardy.
Don't ask me what Tom meant.
I hope that that won't be a problem.
Don't betray me.
Don't let Tom get away with it.
Don't stop trying.
Don't be fooled by what Tom said.
Don't mess them up.
Tom always does things like that.
Don't you feel hot?
Tom asked us where we were going.
Don't dye your hair.
Don't ask me what Tom is thinking.
Algeria should develop its trash economy.
This plastic is sold to an Algerian industrial recycler.
Algiers produces a lot of waste.
Algiers's sanitation system is relatively good.
The French built Algiers's first sewers.
In Algiers, the El Harrach River became an open sewer.
Don't spill the milk.
Some homeless people defecate on the street.
Some homeless people defecate in public.
Don't trust Tom with so much money.
Don't tell my father.
Don't you see how wonderful Tom is?
My father lived in Algiers for forty years.
Algiers should become one of the brightest jewels of the Mediterranean Sea.
There are very few flea markets left in Algiers.
Oued Kniss is a well-known flea market in Algiers.
Algerians could grow anything.
Algeria needs more green entrepreneur.
Algeria needs to recycle its electronic trash.
How much electronic waste does Algeria produce every year?
Tom criticized Mary for doing that.
Hindus believe in reincarnation.
Don't ask me for help.
Tom didn't want what I offered him.
Don't be hypocritical.
Don't bother Tom now. He's studying.
In Algeria, any dream can come true.
He lives in one of Algiers's most expensive neighborhoods.
I think that in Algeria, any dream can come true.
Algiers is one of the richest and most densely populated cities in Algeria.
He's an Algerian neighborhood activist.
Algeria's economy should not develop at the expense of its environment.
Does Algeria has garbage incinerators?
Two thousand years ago, Algiers was called Icosium.
Don't do it right now.
Don't you think Tom would like that?
Where is Algiers's main garbage dump?
Oued Smar was once Algiers's main garbage dump.
Algiers has a population of more than three million people.
Algiers should become one of the cleanest cities in Algeria.
Setif is one of the cleanest cities in Algeria.
Wash your hands with soap and water.
Don't give up hope yet.
Don't you want to see Tom in person?
Don't hate me for this.
It is difficult to write a simple or short sentence that is not boring.
I'm telling you Tom will understand.
Algiers's cemeteries are running out of space.
Algiers should become an efficient city.
Algiers should become a cleaner city.
They were sold to an Algerian recycler.
Many old houses were torn down in Algiers.
Writing a short, concise report is difficult.
He became an expert in Algerian interior design.
This is a book about Algerian cuisine.
Algeria should become self-sufficient.
Don't quote me on that.
Should we ask Tom to do that for us?
The Mediterranean Games are coming to Oran.
The Mediterranean Games are coming to Algeria.
Don't try to remind me.
The Olympic Games are coming to Tokyo.
Don't ask me what Tom is going to do.
Algiers should be a people-centered city instead of being a car-centered city.
Algiers needs to be people-centered instead of being car-centered.
Algiers produces a lot of garbage.
Algiers should reduce its ecological footprint.
Algiers should recycle more.
Algerians should plant more trees.
Algiers needs much more trees.
Algiers needs more forests.
Don't be fooled by that.
Algerians should learn how to produce less garbage.
Where is the evidence, Billy? We need the evidence!
Don't believe anything that Tom says.
Algeria needs us.
Algeria needs all of us.
Algiers needs an effective trash system.
Algiers should build a better trash system.
Algiers should have a better trash system.
He's an Algerian waste management expert.
Algeria has to get serious about recycling trash.
Algeria needs more incineration plants.
Most of Algiers's trash ends up in garbage dumps.
Most of Algiers's trash ends up in dumps.
Algiers could generate electricity from trash.
This is garbage that runs on garbage... Jokes aside, this isn't far from the truth. In fact, this garbage truck runs on fuel produced from garbage.
Recycling in Algiers remains humble.
Don't become complacent.
Tom might believe us, but I doubt it.
He's an Algerian historian.
Don't believe the polls.
He climbed down into the sewers.
He plunged into the sewers below.
Don't you see what a great guy Tom is?
Algerians should put ideology aside and build a stronger country.
When Algerians put ideology aside and focus on building a stronger and united nation, nobody would listen to fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, takfiris and separatists.
Algerians are now focused on building a new and stronger republic, a modern and united nation, and have no time to listen to the hate speech of takfiris and fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi and the separatists.
To me, fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, the separatists and the takfiris are all the same.
Algeria needs more sewage treatment plants.
Algeria has recently built many sewage treatment plants.
Don't breathe the fumes.
My new book goes on sale October 20th.
What was life like in Algeria back then?
"Skura" is a Berber name.
The name "Skura" is derived from "tasekkurt" which is Berber for patridge.
The leader of the separatists claims that the Berber language doesn't exist.
Algiers needs to improve its trash system.
Algerians shouldn't forget their past.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula and Naima Salhi are dishonoring Algeria's past.
By insulting some of Algeria's heroes of independence, fascists like Noureddine Khettal and Naima Salhi are dishonoring Algeria's past.
Don't get too elaborate.
Tom ate a couple of eggs for breakfast.
Algiers is the proud capital of Algeria.
Algiers is the capital of Africa's largest nation, Algeria.
Algiers is the beating heart of Algeria.
Algeria is light years away from its socialist past.
Ardis is Algiers's largest supermarket.
In Algiers, thousands of people come to the Ardis Supermarket to shop.
Algerians are now focused on building a more united and strong nation and have no time for the absurdities of fascism, racism, takfirism, and separatism.
Don't make a mess of it.
Tom can't stand doing things like that.
Don't sweat the details.
We have less than thirty minutes to go.
Don't trust your memory.
Don't forget, Tom is now thirty years old.
I've set my alarm to go off in three hours.
Don't blame the children.
Don't let what happened to Tom happen to you.
Don't celebrate just yet.
Tom takes a bath every day just before dinner.
Don't forget the candles.
Tom will go back home to Boston for the summer.
Don't get stuck in a rut.
Algerians have no recycling culture.
Net Com is Algiers's waste management company.
Don't get me wrong. Tom is the best person for the job.
Don't give away too much.
Some of Algiers's neighborhoods used to be awfully dirty places. Now Algiers is much cleaner than before.
Algiers is expanding.
Do you remember when Bouteflika came to power in 1999?
Like all large cities, Algiers is a giant trash- producing machine.
How many official dumps does Algiers have?
This company monitors one of Algiers's largest landfills.
This company monitors one of Algiers's largest dumps.
Algerians should care more about the environment.
Algeria should eradicate illegal dumps.
Algerian environmental authorities should eradicate illegal dumps.
Algiers's former largest dump was turned into a garden.
Algeria should continue its fight against illegal trash.
Tom owns a toy store.
I'm not happy with this contract.
This work has to be done by hand.
This job has to be done by hand.
Tom's coffee is good.
Do you really not like chocolate?
Algiers is Algeria's great capital.
Algiers has developed a chronic trash problem.
I held Tom in my arms.
Things went smoothly after that.
Maybe Tom will say no.
I'm surrounded by unfair people.
Should we include Tom?
We're going to be up all night.
Tom goes home at 2:30.
And the sun rises and the sun goes down, and it yearns for its place, and it rises there.
This has been going on forever.
Heading south and then turning toward the north, around and around goes the wind, and to its course the wind returns.
Who's Tom living with?
I'm sorry you don't sleep well.
Who's waiting for Tom?
I'm always willing to help you.
How much do we pay Tom?
I'm always the first to arrive.
I want you to fire Tom.
We should've never gone there.
Let's sell this to Tom.
We might as well just go home.
Maybe Tom will say yes.
I'm going to do that some day.
Tom bought some butter.
I like watching my baby sleep.
Tom is outside playing.
I don't want to eat very much.
Tom should return soon.
I can't get the door unlocked.
Tom's suitcase is full.
We should've never done that.
I would prefer things not to change.
Who's Tom playing with?
Spend some money on yourself.
Tom eats rice every day.
I should've never eaten that.
Tom's knapsack is empty.
I need a stronger painkiller.
It would be a pity if we couldn't find it.
I'm sure that I've seen this shirt in the warehouse.
Don't even bother!
Tom's suitcase is empty.
Why are so many people here?
Hey, shut up for a second!
I went and gambled with all the money.
I'm Tom's number one fan.
Who's been stealing from us?
They said it was a very reliable tip.
Told you so.
We want to buy a new house.
Who's Tom traveling with?
This is as far as I can go.
If you had helped us out it wouldn't have turned out like this.
So it's my fault?
We'll fend for ourselves.
Who's taking care of Tom?
My bills have gone up, too.
I fell asleep right after my returning home.
He usually got up early.
I hate eggs.
You don't even lift a finger.
The house is very big, isn't it?
Don't spend all the money.
I came here to defend Tom.
It's not going to work now.
Tom bought some batteries.
It's going to be hard work.
Should we ask Tom to leave?
It didn't go all that well.
They were all against me.
We want to try.
Who's Tom out sailing with?
We want a lawyer.
If I were you, I'd go home.
We want to hear your opinion.
Why don't you want to come?
Tom's presence won't make it easier.
Who's Tom been singing with?
As the owner of a rabbit, they can't fight for shit. They don't even think to bite as a form of defense. They try to punch with their tiny, useless front legs. It's adorable and pathetic.
Take a closer look at that snout.
Who's Tom making fun of now?
Don't make me go to school.
How do you usually greet Tom?
And that's the way it went.
Should we ask Tom to do that?
They refused to let us go.
Should we ask Tom to help us?
There's shooting going on.
Tom may have time to help us.
Things didn't go the way we planned.
Who's Tom been fighting with?
The situation is on-going.
Who's Tom having dinner with?
The power goes on and off.
Who's Tom working with today?
The number keeps going up.
Tom may decide not to do that.
The game went a long time.
That's going to be a drag.
What can Algerians do to fix their environment?
How did you get Tom to shut up?
Welcome home ma'am.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Our eyes were bigger than our stomach.
Is Mr. Jackson the teacher a recent graduate?
To put this into perspective, the quantity of food wasted in our country is enough to feed South Sudan for three years.
Tom is good at hiding his pain.
There's a riot going on.
Muslims should donate, not dump.
Muslims shouldn't waste food.
Tom might have time to help us.
My bills have gone up.
We need to simplify our lives.
It's after school.
The first possible vaccine against coronavirus is on its way to human testing.
I love my Berber name.
Testing a vaccine for safety and efficacy will take to months or more.
She didn't wear any of her Berber clothing.
In Japan, some people have surgery on their eyes to look like Westerners. This is the most stupid thing that a person could ever do.
I spoke perfect Berber.
British officials are trying to ready the country for a “more widespread transmission” of coronavirus and have warned that in the event of a major spread cities could be locked down and public transport suspended.
Who's that girl smiling at Tom?
My family is with me.
The Library of Congress marked Black History Month with an exhibition dedicated to Rosa Parks – best known for her refusal to give up her seat to a white man on a crowded bus in Montgomery, Alabama.
Will students returning from Italy be coming back and living on campus? Will they be tested and quarantined till the results are obtained?
World Health Organization chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus urged people throughout the world Tuesday to stop stockpiling masks and other protective gear, saying they are needed by health workers who are fighting the coronavirus.
Indonesia's Mount Merapi volcano erupted Tuesday, sending a massive cloud of ash high into the air over Java island and shutting down a nearby airport.
The archipelago sits along the so-called "Ring of Fire," a series of geological fault lines in the Pacific Ocean that makes it prone to earthquakes and volcanic activity.
Tom might decide not to do that.
Let's go grab a beer.
I haven't eaten since the morning.
I haven't eaten since morning.
I haven't eaten since this morning.
Who's Tom having breakfast with?
I'm pretty cold.
Tom won't touch a drop of alcohol.
Don't all cars come with seatbelts?
Tom speaks French with his grandparents and English with his parents.
What're your plans for the future?
Tom ran all the way to the station, but he still missed his train.
Should I cancel my trip to Asia?
Should I cancel my trip to Italy?
Don't stay away so long next time.
Tom went to Boston for the first time just a month ago.
Don't miss your chance to do that.
Tom wanted to get as far away from Boston as he could.
Try not to waste any food.
I think that I can trust you.
I think I can trust you.
Thank you for trusting me.
Don't use up all your savings.
Tom left for Boston as soon as he got the phone call.
Are you able to communicate well in French?
Are you still not able to communicate well in French?
Were you able to make yourself understood in French?
Don't let this happen ever again.
When you speak French, do you think people understand what you're trying to say?
Tom went to see Mary while he was staying in Boston.
Don't I deserve to be happy, too?
Tom went to Boston, where he stayed for three weeks.
"That's stupid." "It's sad, more than anything."
I never eat that kind of stuff.
Tom has volunteered to go to Boston to help there.
Don't get your new pants dirty.
Tom speaks not only French, but also English.
Don't forget to sign the check.
Tom has gone to Boston on official business.
Don't always be in such a rush.
I asked Tom how much he expected to be paid.
Do you know who the traitor is?
When you go to Boston, could I go with you?
Don't you want to sit with me?
I don't understand why Tom is so mad at me.
Don't count on that happening.
I asked Tom how much he wanted to be paid.
Be careful not to make a mess.
Tom went either to Boston or to Chicago.
Don't let that happen to you.
I don't understand why Tom is so angry.
Don't leave this window open.
I don't like the kind of food Tom makes.
I don't like the kind of food that Tom makes.
It wasn't that bad, was it?
It wasn't as bad as that, was it?
Things weren't as bad I as expected.
Things weren't as bad I as expected them to be.
Don't believe those reports.
Tom and I are in the same math class.
Please show me that letter.
I wonder how Tom was able to do that.
Don't get too carried away.
I don't understand why Tom is so mad.
Don't forget about gravity.
I don't think Tom is in love with me.
Don't count on any of this.
Tom is going to move back to Boston.
Don't blame the government.
Tom doesn't want me to go to Boston.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
Don't believe those things.
I wonder if Tom will do that or not.
Don't be so self-important.
Tom went to Boston to see his aunt.
Don't be so quick to judge.
Tom went to high school in Boston.
I waited all day for somebody to come and help me.
Don't be caught unprepared.
Tom signed up for a French course.
Don't miss out on the fun.
Tom went from Boston to Chicago.
Don't keep people waiting.
Don't trust your memory. Write it down.
Don't do anything illegal.
Tom is a good speaker of French.
Don't celebrate too early.
Tom went to Boston via Chicago.
Algiers is one of the most modern metropolises on the African continent.
Affluent Algerians live in huge houses with swimming pools.
We Algerians need to keep our cities clean.
He's an Algerian archaeologist.
Don't ask me if I'm happy.
I just took Tom's word for it.
He's an Algerian glass recycler.
Algiers is changing fast.
Algerian authorities need to provide water for everyone.
We need to keep Algiers's streets clean.
This Algerian company specializes in paper recycling.
Just drop it already!
Don't always be in a rush.
Today the fortune of Algeria is tied to the fluctuation of global oil prices.
I borrowed something from Tom.
The El Harrach River functions like an open sewer.
The El Harrach River was very smelly.
El Harrach River is full of human and industrial waste.
The El Harrach River has been a source of bad smell for decades.
The Chinese authorities are very aggressive in enforcing quarantine on people with coronavirus.
We'll have lunch at noon.
We need to go back to Boston.
He now owns and operates his own plastic recycling business in Algeria.
Don't throw rocks at people.
I've received news about Tom.
Can Algiers become a zero-emissions metropolis?
Can Algiers become a green city?
Human sacrifice was a very important thing for the Phoenicians.
The Spanish massacred the Azetcs.
Evidence of the Berber cultural heritage is everywhere in Algeria.
Don't tell us what to do.
I know why Tom left me alone.
Algiers should become a model of order and cleanliness.
Algerians should never forget the lessons of their ancestors.
Algiers is a large city and creates a lot of waste.
He's an Algerian diver.
Don't lose your patience.
I don't think Tom is in love.
Everyone should vote.
We aren't afraid of anybody.
We aren't scared of anybody.
Be proud and patriotic.
She wore a Kabyle dress to the wedding.
Don't do anything until we know exactly what's happening.
Mary wore a blue dress to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Let Tom win.
Algiers needs no-driving days.
This gives Algiers a new whole look.
Algiers needs car-moratorium days.
Algiers needs to reduce its air pollution.
Algeria needs to make more efforts to reconnect with its Berber heritage.
The acknowledgment of Yennayer as a national holiday shows Algeria's efforts to reconnect with its Berber heritage.
Algerians need new places to go and play.
We live and work in Algiers.
Algeria needs to reduce pollution.
Don't think this kind of thing can't happen to you.
Fuel-efficient vehicles can reduce pollution.
Iran is a thorn in Trump's side.
Did Tom wait?
What kind of things can people do to help reduce pollution?
The revolt that took place in Algeria was shatteringly and cruelly defeated by the French army.
I waited all day for someone to come and help me.
You wrote to Tom, didn't you?
You've written to Tom, haven't you?
Some of the massacres the French perpetrated in Algeria reached Holocaust proportions.
The people of the Kabyle village of Maraghna bravely took part in the liberation of Algeria.
Tom won today.
Don't think you're going to get away with that.
From on, Algerians did everything they could to stop the French invasion.
I thought you said you'd do that if I wanted you to.
Even Tom waited.
Many of the people in the crowd were wearing masks.
Don't stay up late waiting for that to happen.
As French bombs fell from the sky, countless Kabyle villages were destroyed in Algeria.
Many Tuaregs continue to live in tents.
We have a good life in Algeria.
Civil war will not return to Algeria.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists want the civil war to return to Algeria.
The People's Democratic Republic of Algeria was proclaimed in 1962.
He's a world-renowned Algerian photographer.
Tom has vanished.
We want to build a new Algeria.
In short, we want to build a new Algeria.
Don't give any of these things to your kids.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula and Naima Salhi accuse Kabyles of being "colonizers," the separatists call the Algerian government a "colonizer" and the takfirists accuse any person who's not with them -practically all Algerians- of being infidels that should be exterminated. This is what's going on in Algeria and this needs to stop.
I waited with Tom.
Don't ever run away from me like that again.
Algeria and Morocco are the two major countries of the Maghreb region.
The Blida Atlas was home to large numbers of Berber speakers.
Some people like the takfirists and separatists want to turn Algeria's protests into an armed rebellion.
In Algeria, the scenery is absolutely superb and the people are super friendly.
Tom knows who won.
This is the suit I'm going to wear to the concert.
Many places in the West Bank are declared no-go areas for the Palestinians.
Algerians are praying for peace and stability in the country.
Tom replaced Mary.
We have many reasons to be proud of our country.
Put Algeria first.
Some people want Algeria to put tanks on the streets to crush the current protests. Well, this will never happen.
Some fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, and the separatists want Algeria to descend into a civil war.
Tom vanished, too.
I'm going to wear this shirt to work tomorrow.
Some fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, the separatists and the takfirists want Algeria to descend into a civil war, but the Algerian government is ahead of the game.
Russia is Algeria's traditional ally.
Algeria has dashed the plan of the separatists.
Iran is proudly fronting its new weapons.
Fascists like the supproters of Lakhdar Benkoula and Naima Salhi, the takfirists and the separatists are apparently discussing how to carve up Algeria between them.
Algeria will never be ethnically divided by fascists, separatists, and takfirists.
Algeria is and will remain united.
Unlike Tunisia, Algeria has a large Berber-speaking minority.
Algeria is our motherland.
The figs from her garden taste delicious.
I was able to sleep well last night.
I also want to go to Beijing.
Fascists and disguised takfirists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Naima Salhi, and Noureddine Khettal have set about to provoke a bloody conflict between Algeria's Arabic-speaking population and the country's sizable Berber-speaking minority much to the enjoyment of some marginal but potentially dangerous separatist groups.
Children normally trust their parents.
People keep surprising you.
Does Tom win often?
We have many reasons to be proud of our team.
He was learning.
Maria gave Tom a lesson.
Did Tom wink at you?
That's the ugliest dress that I've ever seen.
He recently returned from exile in Algeria.
Take the wheel, Tom.
One of the men was wearing a blue sweatshirt.
Tom left soon after.
Most of the men were wearing dinner jackets.
Tom regrets waiting.
Did you really forget your passport at home?
Entities should not be multiplied without necessity.
I'm waiting for someone to come pick me up.
I embroidered.
Extra! Extra! Read all about it!
Tom told me to stop.
I think that we're very open-minded people.
Tom wore blue jeans.
Don't stay here waiting for that to happen.
Even Tom didn't wait.
What're you planning to wear to the party?
Maybe Tom won't wait.
People don't want to be ruled by a tyrant.
Tell Tom not to wait.
I'm never going to wear these shoes again.
Tom said Mary waited.
Don't get caught up in what didn't happen.
Tom squinted at Mary.
Don't expect that to happen any time soon.
We live in the plastic age.
Tom tried to stop us.
After hours of work, we were all worn out.
Tom was teasing Mary.
A big surprise was waiting for me at home.
Will Tom wait for us?
We should've waited a few minutes longer.
Did Tom say he waited?
Many of the women were wearing fur coats.
No one but Tom waited.
We're well aware that that has happened.
Sorry about that, Tom.
We want a better education for our kids.
Tom apparently waited.
We need to speak out against corruption.
Tom claimed he waited.
Try not to make this same mistake again.
All the rivers run into the sea, yet the sea is not full. To the place where the rivers flow, there they flow again.
Tom knew I loved Mary.
The soldiers were all wearing gas masks.
Tom often teased Mary.
That's the ugliest dress I've ever seen.
Tom told me the truth.
I didn't know what to wear to the party.
Tom waited by himself.
Don't walk away when I'm talking to you.
Tom waited in the car.
Don't look away when I'm talking to you.
That's the spirit, Tom.
Don't hate anyone for what has happened.
Why did he do what he did?
I've seen Tom fairly often.
Tom had to wait for me.
We drive on the right side of the road.
Tom just winked at you.
People like us can be found everywhere.
Tom told a funny story.
I don't see that happening around here.
I don't want to be here now.
His daughter was sick.
He got another bottle.
He feels a little bit stress.
He's laughing at himself.
He did another video.
You can see that from the title.
This funny story happened to him.
This story happened four years ago.
He can laugh at it now.
He never wears blue.
It's been a pretty long day.
He keeps drinking that.
I honestly don't know why I'm drinking this.
He eats seafood.
I'm not really big on buying that stuff.
He buys good quality meat.
He has heard things about that.
That story was pretty sad.
This story happened over four years ago.
This happened when I was fourteen.
He started to cook food for himself.
He had a little bit of money.
He saved up a little bit of money.
Tom was wearing a kilt.
He ate the meat.
He kept drinking that.
It's starting to itch really bad.
He was using that phone at that time.
His face was dirty.
He went back to the market.
I couldn't wait to try my new skis.
He started cooking.
He was smelling the food.
He was so proud of himself.
My nose really started to itch so bad.
His face was blue.
He didn't know what was wrong.
He's very fair-skinned.
He has really weird skin.
He could see everything on his skin.
He has been eating seafood all of his life.
He has never had a problem with seafood.
He's still eating his food.
I'm eager to know.
He didn't wash his face.
My throat was itching.
He decided to go to the hospital.
He can sit there.
The itching has already reached my legs.
The color of his skin went back to normal.
He grew an allergic reaction towards shellfish.
He has an allergy towards shellfish.
He stopped eating shrimp completely.
He ordered some Chinese food.
He never gets our orders wrong.
This food doesn't have any shrimp in it.
He ate a big piece of shrimp.
He's gonna die by himself.
He was freaking the hell out.
He spit the shrimp out.
Her baby is crying.
He didn't take any aspirin.
I wonder if he's in love with me.
Nothing was happening to him.
He asked her to come over to his apartment.
He was allergic to shellfish.
Tom needn't have gone to the hospital.
He was allergic to shrimp.
He smelt shellfish.
He'll do it now.
He'll do it tomorrow.
He didn't have an allergic reaction.
He stayed alive.
This is the food that caused him to be sick.
He didn't eat meat.
He couldn't eat any meat.
He never ate the meat.
He was pissed.
He ate all of the lobster.
He ate all of the shrimp.
He doesn't buy their seafood.
He makes us laugh.
He made some fish tacos.
He took the cheese.
He ate the cheese.
He used your cheese.
He bought some cheese.
He ate some tacos.
His fridge was very cold.
He put the piece of cheese on top of his taco.
That doesn't feel like cheese.
This is a chicken finger.
This is a half-eaten olive.
I couldn't eat my tacos.
Where is the ashtray?
Their deals are so great.
I found a little cockroach on my pizza.
I found a grilled cockroach on my pizza.
This experience traumatized him.
I am going to stay for another few weeks.
He stayed far away.
They tried to kill him.
He tries to stay away from junk food.
What did she answered him?
He says he doesn't trust any of it.
I don't trust any of it.
Today is Saturday, junk food day.
Did Tom sit in the back?
She's looking fresh.
They took some cute pictures together.
Have you really lost your wallet again?
He's not confrontational.
I don't know what that means, but I don't think that's very nice.
He doesn't want to fight.
He is not confrontational.
He avoids confrontation as much as he can.
I didn't hire this girl to work at the office. So, who hired her?
Didn't Tom wait for you?
If you can't discipline him, I'll be forced to take him to court.
Don't tell me you don't like chocolate.
Why are Algerians angry?
I know you have been following in the situation in Algeria very closely.
Algeria's private sector is relatively small.
Algeria won't become a failed state.
Does Tom walk to school?
You need to learn to be more tolerant.
The ugly Mary became a sex kitten.
I have doubts about Tom.
We might have to wait a little longer.
Algeria has a relatively low unemployment rate.
We will see how the situation in Algeria evolves in the coming days.
How much influence does Iran have in Iraq?
Algeria and Russia have a special relationship.
The United States has no military presence in Algeria.
Let Tom sit in the back.
We drive on the left side of the road.
Tom is wearing slippers.
I think we're very open-minded people.
Tom knew he'd hurt Mary.
My dog can understand Esperanto but can't speak it.
I think that we've waited long enough.
My dog understands Esperanto but can't speak it.
Tom told me a sad story.
My mother doesn't like wearing heels.
Tom was wearing sandals.
I want you to think about this again.
The Moroccan government is "keen" to have good relations with Algeria.
Trump is trying to use Iraq as a pawn in his Middle East strategy.
The US invaded Iraq and dismantled its infrastructure.
Do you really want to eat that junk food?
We didn't wait with Tom.
Who can protect the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza?
Almost two million Palestinians are imprisoned in Gaza.
Don't think you can get away with it.
In the 1970s, the FLN party tried to strip Berber speakers from their identity, culture, and language.
Between the 15th and the 17th century, thousands of Spanish Muslims and Jews were forced to renounce their religions.
There are lots of points of friction between Algeria and Morocco.
He specializes in modern Algerian history.
This is a serious escalation between Algeria and Morocco.
How will the Algerian government respond to this escalation by Morocco?
We expected Tom to wait.
Muslim democracies are rare.
Don't be deceived by how things look.
Most nations don't want to upset China.
Algeria has the sovereignty to make its own laws.
The marginal but radical racist group is promoting ethnic separatism.
What is the Algerian government really trying to do?
We all identify as Algerian.
Nobody is trying to eradicate Islam in China.
No one wants ethnic separatism in Algeria.
Ethnic separatism isn't a major concern in Algeria.
Why's Tom still waiting?
Would it be OK if I sat in the back?
Some Muslims drink alcohol and even eat pork. They're just non-observant Muslims.
Joe Biden stole my bike.
Joe Biden lives in the woods.
He's from the Berber ethnicity.
Go back to sleep. Joe Biden isn't real; he can't hurt you.
We stood up and sang the Algerian national anthem.
He has forgotten the rest of the Algerian national anthem.
He wants to eat Algerian food.
Tuaregs are a Berberophone group.
Kabyles are a Berberophone group that lives in northeastern Algeria.
Joe Biden puts human eyeballs on his salad.
I haven't heard much about Tom's husband.
What's Tom's husband like?
Tom brought his husband to the family reunion.
Tom's husband is bisexual.
Tom's husband is bi.
Tom's husband is gay.
An Israeli police road block stopped that Palestinian family from going further.
The Palestinian students were arrested a total of four times.
Palestinians can't get near the fence of this West Bank settlement.
Esther is Mary's wife.
Mary's wife is bi.
Mary's wife is a doctor.
The situation in Palestine is too serious to be ignored.
Mary's wife is a marine biologist.
The situation in Jerusalem and the West Bank is now too serious to be just ignored by the rest of the world.
Esther lives in New York with her wives.
Have Tom sit in the back.
In the West Bank, entire Palestinian villages have been emptied from their inhabitants.
We aren't scared of people like you.
"Where did the Palestinians go?" "The Palestinians? There is no such a thing called the 'Palestinians'." "Really? So who built all these old houses and mosques? Who's buried in that Muslim cemetery?"
He's Algerian of Berber ethnicity.
I felt like I had always lived in Algeria.
He has Algerian nationality.
Millions of Algerians live outside Algeria.
These are members of the Algerian community in the UK.
I'll be waiting with Tom.
Don't let that happen again, please.
Today, we had a visit from another Algerian from the UK.
They're both Algerian officials.
Ali Benhadj is under house arrest.
Ali Benhadj is placed under house arrest.
He lives in the Algiers suburbs.
He lives in the London suburbs with his wife who is also Algerian.
His last trip to Algeria was in the summer of 2004.
This is my beloved Algerian wife.
The separatist flag is forbidden in Algeria.
He has lived in Algeria for four years.
Mary's wife is bisexual.
Don't expect it to happen this year.
He's an Algerian investigative journalist.
His separatist activities have shut down his travel options.
He's writing for an Algerian online publication.
We're flying to the western edge of Algeria.
We're flying to the southwestern edge of Algeria: Tindouf.
He's an Algerian filmmaker.
He made the decision to go to Algeria last year.
He made the decision to move to Algeria four years ago.
He managed to escape with his daughter to Algeria.
Tom was forgiven by Mary.
We aren't interested in doing that.
Tom will sit in the back.
I was wearing a white cotton shirt.
I wasn't aware of anything.
Who else waited with Tom?
Don't worry. We're doing just fine.
I had Tom sit in the back.
Don't give away everything you own.
Esther is Rachel's wife.
Borech is Yankev's husband.
Baruch is Yaakov's husband.
I let Tom sit in the back.
Who in this class walks to school?
I wonder how Tom got away.
We have to think about the future.
Keep an eye on Tom for me.
I fell asleep while I was waiting.
Tom and Mary have to wait.
I can hang up the laundry for you.
Italy announced that it would shut down all schools for days.
Italy has Europe's largest number of coronavirus cases — 2,700, with deaths.
Tom and Mary were waiting.
Health experts said senior citizens are especially vulnerable to the virus.
We want better living conditions.
Over the past two decades, China has become the world’s largest exporter and supplier of key components for various products manufactured in many parts of the world.
Automobiles, cellphones, and medical equipment depend upon the export of intermediate parts from China.
The U.N. Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) reports China provides percent of overall global production and trade in the manufacture of intermediate goods, making China a critical, integral part of the economies and global value chain across the world.
There was a dramatic reduction in output in China last month as a direct consequence of the spread of the coronavirus.
If the COVID-epidemic persists for any length of time, UNCTAD says it is likely to result in a significant downturn in the global economy.
A young mother painstakingly applies disinfectant cloths to clean meticulously the baby rattles for her gurgling blue-eyed infant bouncing happily on her lap.
This is normally a wet and cold season in Lazio, but this year there have been many days of blue skies and warm temperatures.
Unless you are a farmer praying for more seasonal rain, all should feel right with the world. But it doesn’t.
We are the only ones sitting outside a usually bustling piazza bar on the outskirts of Rome sipping mid-morning coffees — and, in my case, nibbling on a ciambella cake.
We want a better quality of life.
Journalist and author Beppe Severgnini wrote this week a column for The New York Times, noting that most young and middle-aged Italians have no firsthand experience of war or epidemics, unlike their elders, who suffered greatly during the Second World War and after.
Italians, he argued, are finding it hard to find their bearings to navigate the current coronavirus contagion.
Some Italians display a theatrical nonchalance, insisting on shaking hands while lamenting loudly how absurd it all is that championship soccer fixtures are being postponed.
A video of an elderly man complaining in a store about shelves empty of pasta went viral this week.
The roads are becoming less traveled, the restaurants emptier, and ordinary stores are seeing foot-fall trailing off — even in towns with no confirmed cases for hundreds of miles around.
A friend and local restaurateur has stopped following the news. He says it is all too depressing. Better not to know. Better to stay ignorant.
In his face is the same alarm I see in the faces of other small-business owners wondering whether they will survive the economic impact of coronavirus.
Nearly a quarter of Italian are over the age of 65.
Shockingly, there have been at least five attempted escapes from a “red zone” around locked-down Lombardy towns.
In London, columnist Clare Foges worries that “we are too selfish to stop coronavirus spreading.” She wrote her biggest concern is not about the resilience of the country’s health service or the time it might take for researchers to develop a vaccine, but about the public’s willingness to respond to the challenge.
“To contain this virus governments around the world must rely on citizens doing as they are told… In the age of entitlement, the age of the individual, the age of anti-establishment populism, this seems a very flimsy safety net indeed,” she wrote.
Triathlete Julie Moss is a portrait of the power of human spirit and true dedication, even in the face of pain and exhaustion.
Jogging along the ocean shore is a ritual for Julie Moss.
That was dangerous!
Mary is a surfer from California.
Mary is a surfer girl from California.
Tom is a surfer from California.
This surfer comes from California.
The race was broadcast live on television.
The race was broadcast live on TV.
Tom's late.
Warriors fight.
Julie literally crawled through the finished line.
Tom has never texted Mary.
We need to keep our cities clean.
The teacher taught that.
Wait up!
A unique exhibition called “Ballerina: Fashion’s Modern Muse” recently opened in New York’s Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
Tom said that Mary waited.
I've already hung up the laundry.
Tom was in Boston with me.
I probably won't walk home today.
We'll look after you, Tom.
We hung up the laundry together.
What did you throw at Tom?
You need to eat healthier food.
Did Tom say that he waited?
That's what we need you to do.
I don't want to forget Tom.
Would you wait if you were me?
I sat in the back with Tom.
We've elected a new president.
Maybe Tom will wait for us.
We use the metric system here.
Tom claimed that he waited.
We should eat more vegetables.
Tom has to pay it all back.
We need to eat healthier food.
There is no proof that the coronavirus has been spread by euro banknotes.
"There is no proof that the coronavirus has been spread by euro banknotes," the Bundesbank said.
Tom is wearing black today.
Don't hang up the laundry yet.
Tom swims as well as Mary.
Tom knew that I loved Mary.
We're really very optimistic.
I'm hoping that Tom doesn't let us down.
Our dog has run away.
Tom was wearing a raincoat.
We just need to wait and see.
Have you been a good girl?
Mary usually wears earrings.
Try not to be so pessimistic.
Tom has agreed to do what we asked.
Mary was wearing high heels.
Of course, I had a good time.
Maybe Tom is waiting for us.
Let's try to avoid bloodshed.
Tom laughed at all my jokes.
I'd walk there if I were you.
Tom was wearing a brown hat.
I need to eat healthier food.
You said you really wanted to hear the truth.
Tom was wearing his uniform.
Everybody was wearing gloves.
I wonder how Tom escaped.
We're proud to be Canadians.
Your health must come first.
Why didn't you wait for Tom?
No one had a clue who I was.
I advised Tom not to give up.
Everyone was wearing gloves.
The real problem is that you don't even know that we have a problem.
I don't care if Tom goes out.
Everybody waited in silence.
I should drink more beer.
Be careful not to make your decision too quickly.
Mary is wearing a pink skirt.
We wear uniforms to school.
Mary was wearing a mink coat.
We want to avoid bloodshed.
Tom knew that he'd hurt Mary.
We aren't scared of anyone.
Tom usually sits in the back.
We aren't afraid of anyone.
I saw Tom walking in the park.
Everyone waited in silence.
Look what a mess Tom has made.
Are you wearing long johns?
Look at what a mess Tom has made.
Are you wearing long underwear?
Have you already chosen a major?
What did you choose to do?
Tom is happy that he's been chosen to represent his school.
Now all Tom needs is a hammer.
Have you chosen what you're going to wear to the banquet tomorrow?
That's the same thing that I might've chosen myself.
Who walked home yesterday?
You can do it yourself if you choose to do so.
Have you already chosen the songs that you're going to sing tonight?
I'll let you choose the wine.
I chose to give my speech in French.
That's exactly what I would've chosen.
Were you the one who chose this?
Who chose this wine?
I wasn't the one who chose this wine.
Which movie did you chose to see?
Which movie did you chose to watch?
How many people were chosen to do that?
How many students in your class can swim?
Tom is waiting for your reply.
We're proud of who we are.
Everybody likes Algiers. I love Algiers!
Algiers is undergoing a remarkable makeover.
Algiers is a city like no other.
Algiers was named Ikosim or "seagulls" by the Phoenicians.
Algiers used to have countless fountains.
He's an Algerian university student.
He shops for food almost every day.
A daily trip to the market is a small but important social event.
To Kabyle women, a daily trip to the local spring is a small but important social event.
Algiers really needs a city dump.
What Algiers really needs is a new city dump.
Iraqi authorities denied burial to the Daesh terrorists.
Most of Daesh's victims are Muslims.
Tom was wearing a strange hat.
We have freedom of speech.
Tom wasn't wearing sunglasses.
I usually sit in the back.
Tom would've loved being here.
We weren't wearing shoes.
Tom's a very careless driver.
He's an Algerian architectural historian.
French paratroopers massacred many Algerian villagers and in some places, the bodies of the victims were buried by their own relatives in mass burial pits.
The subway tunnel is twenty meters below street level.
El Alia is Algiers's largest cemetery.
He's an Algerian sanitation inspector.
Tom would've loved doing this.
In Algiers, dog owners should do their own scooping.
We drink a lot of coffee.
There is no social unrest in Algeria.
Water supply needs to be increased in Algiers.
Water supply needs to be improved in Algiers.
Algiers should be a healthy city.
Algiers is known as the "White City."
Algiers should solve its problems of overpopulation and crime.
He's an Algerian medical historian.
Algerians have always had a rocky relationship with authority.
Algeria needs to fight illegal garbage dumpers.
Algiers needs to create new sanitation laws.
Algiers needs to be made more livable.
Bouteflika became president of the republic in 1999.
We want to modernize Algiers.
He's an Algerian urban planner.
The Martyrs' Memorial is an important monument in Algeria.
Algiers should grow up into the modern age.
We need to tackle Algiers's water problem.
I thought that you said you'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
We stood.
Tom was wearing a dinner jacket when I saw him a few minutes ago.
Enjoy life.
Tom noticed that Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
Let's wait.
The Algerian civil war of the 1990s displaced huge amount of population.
Algeria needs recycling centers.
Algeria needs sorting facilities.
Algeria needs sorting centers.
Both Mary and Alice were wearing short skirts and high heels.
Who waited?
I'm on the platform now, waiting for Tom's train to arrive.
Who winked?
Tom saw his father waiting for him in front of the school.
I often win.
Tom got tired of waiting for Mary, so he left without her.
Did you wait?
The shirt that Tom is wearing doesn't fit him very well.
I seldom win.
Algiers should be transformed into a 21st century masterpiece.
Algeria needs modern recycling centers.
"Algerians need to change their attitude towards trash." "What do you mean?" "I mean they should recycle."
Algeria is striking a new course for a new age.
He's an Algerian environmental historian.
Tom used to have posters of rock musicians on his wall.
Please stand.
Berlusconi is a piece of shit.
More than half of the population of this West Bank settlement were born out of the Middle East.
Benedict is Jacob's husband.
Benedict is James's husband.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to leave Boston.
We both snore.
She's gay.
Tom read a magazine while waiting for Mary to show up.
We love pizza.
Tom doesn't often help his mother hang up the laundry.
We won't quit.
Was it a murder or a suicide?
The police suspect it was a murder.
When did you begin to suspect that the suicide was staged?
There's no evidence Tom was the one who fired the gun.
Let's not wait.
Tom stood there in the rain with a smile on his face.
We had to wait.
Tom took off his hat as soon as he entered the room.
We have rights.
Everyone should learn at least two foreign languages.
Tom snored so loudly I could hear him from my room.
We like soccer.
The shirt Tom is wearing doesn't fit him very well.
I think I snore.
Tom was wearing the old jacket that I'd given him.
Let's all stand.
In Algeria, supermarkets are not always at hand.
Algerian food looks appetizing to foreign tourists.
Islam has molded the culture of the people of Algeria for more than a millennium.
Muslim believers assemble in mosques to pray.
Egypt, a Muslim-majority country, has a notable Christian community.
Why is a banana crooked?
There are historical relationships between Berbers and Phoenicians but this doesn't mean that Berbers are the descendants of Phoenicians.
During the Evian negotiations, the French wanted Algeria to be split into two parts: an independent Algeria in the north and a French Algerian Sahara in the south. Algerian negotiators didn't agree.
Algerians in general don't bear resentment towards France for the consequences of the war for independence.
In the Muslim world, Arabic is used as a religious language.
Tom and Mary are going to wear matching costumes.
Try to stand up.
The worst is already behind us.
When I was eighteen, I wanted to change all the world.
I didn't expect at all that you would come.
No one can live for two hundred years.
Nobody can live for two hundred years.
We started studying French in elementary school.
We love animals.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to wait for us.
Can we wait here?
Tom is just one of the kids in our neighborhood.
I intend to wait.
Everyone in the room was snoring except for Tom.
We're everywhere.
Tom walked up to Mary and handed her something.
Can we walk there?
I didn't sleep a wink because of Tom's snoring.
I think I'll wait.
I can see Tom outside standing on the sidewalk.
Is it OK not to wait?
Tom's cat was waiting for him on the doorstep.
We don't eat pork.
Tom is standing on the other side of the wall.
We love fast food.
Tom came in and sat down on one of the chairs.
We're people, too.
What are we giving her for Christmas?
What are we getting her for Christmas?
Patients with coronavirus need to be kept in isolation.
Finally, Tom stood up and headed for the door.
I can't stand that.
Tom was wearing the old jacket I'd given him.
Look at what I did.
Tom said that he wasn't going to wait for us.
Nobody was snoring.
We've waited three years for this to happen.
We sat in the back.
Tom told me that he'd wait until I returned.
We're brave people.
Tom and I used to often have lunch together.
We're tough people.
I've been wearing this coat for three years.
We're voting today.
Tom was very tired by the time he got home.
I can't forgive you.
When I've been riding the ship all day, even after I disembark I still feel like I'm at sea.
Well then, I'll give a call around a.m. tomorrow.
The phone line's been cut.
I was able to take a great photo during this morning's walk.
Is this alright?
Tom told me he wasn't going to wait for us.
Grown men don't scream when they see cockroaches or spiders.
I wish you'd waited.
The protesters demanded that the president resign.
In Algeria, protesters are demanding that the whole political system should be overhauled.
The president's sudden resignation has rattled the company. What should we do now?
I don't understand this math problem, I'm stuck.
Tom and Mary are wearing matching T-shirts.
Stand aside, please.
I don't understand why Tom is so cross.
Mary is beautiful no matter what she wears.
We should've waited.
This is a big challenge for the Algerian government.
The money needs to be spent in Algeria.
He's from the northern Algerian city of Bejaia.
He's an Algerian Middle East analyst.
The protests in Algeria will eventually have to stop.
In February 2019, Algerian protesters were rejecting the whole system.
Tom is wearing the hat that Mary gave him.
We're very friendly.
They moved to the countryside.
I didn't sleep a wink because of your snoring.
What do Algerians want?
Algerians want a government that could rebuild the state.
Tom doesn't snore as loudly as he used to.
What causes snoring?
This could destroy Algeria's economy.
President Abelmadjid Tebboune is the commander-in-chief of the Algerian army.
ISIS is a terrorist organization.
The US is trying to economically obliterate Iran.
Trump has an impulsive foreign policy.
Algeria does not back Saudi Arabia's operations in Yemen.
The bathing suit that Tom had on was blue.
Who sat in the back?
I'll miss Tom and everything he stood for.
This could devastate Algeria's economy.
This is a predominantly Berber-speaking city.
Tom is lying about my relationship with Mary.
I was just lying in the dark and thinking.
I saw Tom standing in front of the school.
I'll sit in the back.
Was Tom the one who hung up the laundry?
Just sit in the back.
Tom stood with his back to the building.
We can't escape this.
Just sit here and wait.
Tom said he wasn't going to wait for us.
We're now optimistic.
I used to have a picture of Tom dancing.
Tom was standing not too far from Mary.
Everybody should vote.
Tom needs to keep Mary from doing that.
I hung up the laundry.
Tom may sit in the back if he wants to.
I may sit in the back.
The pain was more than Tom could stand.
I was advised to wait.
It is impossible to tell what a politician's true convictions are.
Tom and Mary sat on a park bench.
We'll be voting today.
We're going to vote today.
I kept speaking.
Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Mary said that she had nothing to wear.
I was ordered to wait.
I've stood by Tom and he's stood by me.
I was tempted to wait.
We waited patiently for Tom to arrive.
I'd like to wait here.
Tom wears a bow tie about once a week.
Lunch will be at noon.
Tom was made to wait for over an hour.
May I sit in the back?
Tom says that he doesn't wear pajamas.
Maybe you should wait.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least twenty seconds.
Tom apparently waited for three hours.
We do care about that.
I have to stand watch for three hours.
We eat a lot of bread.
Nearly every main venue for social life in South Korea has been affected.
Schools and universities are closed.
Many companies have their employees work from home.
Churches hold services via YouTube.
South Korea’s football league has postponed the start of the season indefinitely.
Where does Tom stand on these issues?
As the outbreak grinds on, many South Koreans are not only trying to prevent the disease, but also fight off boredom.
“There is no more social life,” laments Rosa Lee, who lives on the southern outskirts of Seoul.
We eat too much pizza.
“I'm working at home right now...not meeting anybody,” says Lee.
Park Sun-kyung was forced to work from home after someone in her office building in central Seoul contracted the virus.
“I’m an outgoing person," she added, "It is really frustrating to stay home and not meet with people.”
The marketing campaign urges residents to participate in a two-week social distancing effort to halt the spread of the coronavirus.
As advertising campaigns for major world cities go, “Let’s Take a Break From Social Life” is not exactly inspiring.
Refrain from going outdoors and avoid physical contact with others.
Keep in touch with people by using social media measures instead of meeting them personally.
Keep your personal hygiene by washing your hands and wearing a mask at all times.
The social isolation could take an emotional or physical toll, public health experts warn.
To deal with some of those problems, Seoul has set up a COVID-support group, which offers counseling and information on dealing with coronavirus-related stress.
Tom was the only one who walked home.
We want a better life.
Tom is still waiting at the bus stop.
We'll sit in the back.
Tom had a sad expression on his face.
Why shouldn't we wait?
I hope Tom stands firm on that issue.
Can we sit in the back?
Tom was wearing a camouflage jacket.
I didn't have a Plan B.
Tom was standing several yards away.
I had to stand in line.
Tom stood up and got out of the tub.
I hope you don't snore.
I'm waiting for a ride.
Sheep were grazing in the meadow.
Please help Tom hang up the laundry.
It feels good to win.
I hope that Tom doesn't let us down.
Let me sit in the back.
Where does Tom stand on this issue?
No one sat in the back.
Tom's snoring kept me up all night.
Please sit in the back.
Tom was standing meters away.
We all sat in the back.
Tom vanished without saying a word.
We need to work harder.
Mary often wears her hair in a bun.
Who'll sit in the back?
I'm hoping Tom doesn't let us down.
Why did you wink at me?
I used to have to help Tom do that.
You do stand out a bit.
I don't know how Tom ever stood it.
I can't stand it longer.
Hats off to Tom for taking a stand.
I can't stand the smell.
Everyone but Tom is still standing.
I'll make my stand here.
At least Tom knows where he stands.
People need clean water.
Who says Tom isn't a stand-up guy?
We used to have a canoe.
We're demanding justice.
Tom was wearing a threadbare suit.
We're very proud people.
Tom was the one who replaced Mary.
Who hung up the laundry?
Tom is teaching us how to survive.
We were proud to be Canadians.
Of course, I was having a good time.
Mary said she had nothing to wear.
Don't give them anything.
I used to have to do that for Tom.
Don't lose your audience.
Tom was standing on the doorstep.
How could you stand that?
Tom had to come back to Boston.
Tom used to have a crush on Mary.
I wasn't willing to wait.
Tom stood up and exited the room.
I'll hang up the laundry.
Today's laundry day.
No one likes doing laundry.
Tom says he doesn't wear pajamas.
It made my hair stand up.
We didn't have classes today.
There were no classes today.
All our classes have been canceled.
All of our classes have been canceled.
Tomorrow's French class has been canceled.
This afternoon's meeting has been canceled.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed till tomorrow.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed to tomorrow.
Relationships are very complicated.
Tom had on a strange-looking hat.
Nobody was left standing.
How do I fold these towels?
How do I wash and maintain my towels?
He ruined his towels.
I want to keep my towels soft.
I want to keep my towels fluffy.
I'm washing my towels.
He washed the towels in the tub.
He washed the towels in the sink.
He washed the towels in the kitchen sink.
I want to make my towels fluffy again.
His towels are scratchy.
Don't wash your towels with too much detergent.
You need to get rid of that towel.
Make your towels soft again.
Make your towels fluffy again.
I don't want to colors of my towels to fade.
Don't wash your towels with detergent.
Make your towels fresh again.
This towel is greasy.
The kitchen towel is oily.
This kitchen towel is disgusting.
You can see how dirty these towels are.
You can see how greasy this towel is.
He washed the kitchen towels in boiling water.
There's no evidence Tom did that.
You can see how clean the towels are.
We all waited in silence.
Berber can be difficult.
I'll make you sound like a native Berber speaker.
Study Berber vocabulary.
This book will take your Berber to the next level.
These bath towels are so fluffy.
You should launder those towels.
These are brand-new towels.
"How often do you wash your towels?" "Every day."
"How often do you wash your towels?" "Practically every day."
These towels are so soft.
Use one towel per person.
You should use one towel per person.
He washes his towels every single day.
The towel dried out.
Wash your towels at least once a week.
He's washing towels every day.
His towels get dirty very quickly.
He has four towels.
He washes his towels every Friday.
He has multiple hand towels.
Use this hand towel to dry your hands.
Hang your towel like this.
He has a towel rack.
He has a small towel rack.
He has a smaller towel rack.
He has a towel rack in the bathroom.
I don't want to share my towels with anyone.
This towel really stinks.
You need to keep your towels clean.
Take nothing but memories, leave nothing but footprints!
Try to keep up on washing your towels at least once every four days.
I always wash my new towels before I use them.
I'm using this towel for the first time.
Check the label of the new towel for washing guidelines.
He damaged his new towels.
His towels ended up changing color.
The towels have kept their colors.
The white towels are stained.
I always wash new towels before I use them.
The towel rack is extremely loose.
The towel rack is broken.
Fix the towel rack.
Could you fix that towel rack? It's loose.
I bought screws to fix the towel rack.
He broke the towel rack.
I always wash new underwear before wearing it.
Don't hang that bag on the towel rack.
Where did you back this towel rack?
He bought a new towel rack.
It's a good idea to wash new clothes before wearing them.
I want a towel rack here.
I want another towel rack here.
You should always wash new clothes before wearing them.
I want a towel rack in the kitchen.
I want another towel rack in the bathroom.
Always wash new towels before you use them to remove the sizing.
I installed another towel rack in the bathroom.
You should wash new sheets before using them.
How do I install this towel rack?
The towel rack is in the box.
The towel rack is still in the box.
The new towel rack is in the box.
He installed a new towel rack in the shower.
You should always wash new garments before wearing them.
Mary is wearing high heels today.
There is no towel rack in that bathroom.
It's easy to install a towel rack.
It hurts just to stand up.
I want the towel rack here.
The towel rack is going to be here.
I also want a towel rack in the bathroom.
The towel rack is ready to install.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack installed.
I need screws and plastic anchors to fix the loose towel rack.
He installed the towel rack himself.
Don't hang your backpack on the damn towel rack!
The towel rack is broken again.
He yanked the towel rack out of the wall.
We have to replace the towel rack.
I need a drill to install the towel rack.
The towel rack is very loose.
The towel rack is very loose. Could you fix it, please?
The towel rack is in front of the toilet seat.
The towel rack is fixed.
I'm not ever going to wear these shoes again.
I bought this towel rack from a hardware store.
I saw Tom standing in the garden.
I need screws and wall anchors to fix the towel rack.
The towel rack is really loose.
I could stand it no longer.
He purchased a new towel rack.
I need strong screws and wall anchors to install this heavy towel rack.
This towel rack weighs a ton and I need strong screws and wall anchors to install it.
I don't see any towel rack here.
"Where's the towel?" "It's on the towel rack." "I don't see any towel rack here."
I need some plaster, screws, and plastic anchors to fix the towel rack.
I want to reinstall the towel rack.
Installing a towel rack is super easy.
It's super easy to install a towel rack.
Anybody could install a towel rack.
Skura will show you how to install a towel rack.
Where do you want to put that towel rack?
Where are you going to put the towel rack?
Where do you want the towel rack?
Where do you want the towel rank installed?
Where do you want to install the towel rack?
Where do you want to put the towel rack?
Where do you want the towel rack installed?
The towel rack fell off the wall.
I need a drill to install the new towel rack.
Is this a new towel rack?
The towel rack is installed in the right place.
Everyone except Tom was standing.
No one in my family snores.
The towel rack is nice and tight.
"The towel rack is a little bit loose." "I'm gonna fix that."
I've finished installing the towel rack.
I need a stud finder to install the towel rack.
Could you lend me your stud finder? I need to install a towel rack.
Could you lend me a drill? I want to install a towel rack.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack to be.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack to be installed.
Where exactly do you want the towel rack to be installed?
He wants to hang a new towel rack.
Fixing a towel rack is really easy.
Fixing a towel rack is quick and easy.
I need a tape measure to install the towel rack.
Assemble the towel rack before you install it.
I need a level to make sure the towel rack is level.
I need dry-wall anchors to install this towel rack.
Assemble the towel rack before you install it on the wall.
This is a suction cup towel rack. Its suction cups are super strong.
The towel is on the towel rack.
The bath towel is on the towel rack.
The towel rack is a little bit loose.
I can fix the towel rack real quick.
The towel rack isn't very sturdy anymore.
The towel rack isn't stable anymore.
He unscrewed the towel rack.
Tom was the only one who waited.
The towel rack is right next to the sink.
Stand on your own two feet.
I don't have room to install this towel rack.
I don't have room to install this towel rack. So I'm gonna install a towel ring instead.
The towel rack looks nice.
I've installed towel racks before, you know.
Please install the towel rack here.
The towel rack seems really solid.
The towel rack is pretty solid.
You can hang your towel on that rack.
I need bigger screws to install this towel rack.
Towel racks, shower heads, and toilet-roll holders are bathroom accessories.
I need to buy a new towel rack.
I want to hang a towel rack in my bathroom.
I want to hang a towel rack in the kitchen.
I want to hang another towel rack in the bathroom.
Tighten the screw down with the screwdriver.
The towel rack is ready for use.
"He finished installing the towel ring." "Already?"
He put the towel rack on that wall.
Put the towel rack on this wall.
Why is there a towel rack on that wall?
These fingernails are completely fine.
Tom told me which dress to wear.
He lost his big-toe nail.
My big-toe nail is growing back.
My big-toe nail has grown back.
He completely lost his big-toe nail.
A big-toe nail takes months to grow back.
He can do headstands.
My big-toe nail fell off.
"Is my big-toe nail going to grow back?" "Sure it will grow back!"
Your big-toe nail is growing back appropriately.
Leave your toe nail alone. It's growing back.
Tom stood up for what was right.
There's standing room only.
Tom needs to study a lot harder.
If you care about someone, you'll become friends! If you care about each other, you'll become many times stronger! And your bravery will be unlimited! In this world are many unpleasant things, many sad things, and many that, which you can't handle by yourself. But while you have people you care about, you just can't fall! You just cannot surrender! While you have those people, about which you care, you will stand up again and again! That's why Hero is absolutely undefeatable!
They used to sell eggs here.
Tom likes to wear bright colors.
We used to have Mondays off.
Tom has to tell Mary what to do.
I used to have a sailboat.
This virus is spreading rapidly among humans.
I used to have a picture of Tom.
It was my idea to stand here.
This doesn't taste good.
This soup tastes terrible.
You have a nice-looking garden.
Nothing could undermine Algeria's strategic ties with Russia.
I don't remember Tom doing that.
Nothing can stand in our way.
There is rising violence against Muslims in this country.
In this country, violence against Muslims is rising.
I didn't see Tom standing there.
It makes my hair stand on end.
Saudi Arabia is part of that problem.
Algeria and China have pretty strong relations.
He's out of Algiers.
That imam still preaches here.
For these extremists, if you're not a Muslim, you're not welcome.
Criticizing the separatists could spark death threats.
The separatists would dress minor, insignificant, and personal incidents as persecution, genocide and crimes against humanity.
The separatists launched a smear campaign against Skura.
He returned to Algiers from his home in London.
This is an ancient camel market.
I'm no fan of the separatist leader.
Tension between Algeria and Morocco is growing.
He's a generous supporter of Palestinian charities.
Palestine should be the core issue in the Muslim world.
Separatist propaganda makes me sick.
Tom waited for Mary in his car.
Why's everyone still standing?
The separatists are losing battle after battle.
Algeria needs to be united in the face of separatism.
Algeria needs to be united in the face of racism, separatism, and takfirism.
Tom isn't going to wait for us.
I can't stand this pain longer.
Algerian authorities dropped all charges against him.
This is a marginal separatist group, mainly active in France and Canada.
I'm not a Muslim and I'm talking about this from an outside perspective.
Tom has written several books, but none of them have been published yet.
Stay hydrated.
The separatist group is completely irrelevant on the Algerian political scene.
Tom let me stay with him for three months after my house burned down.
Algeria and Russia are close allies.
Don't get upset.
Should we be worried about an open war between Algeria and Morocco?
Algeria and Morocco need to solve their problems.
Morocco is talking peace and acting war.
What I want is a nice cup of tea.
What I want right now is a hot cup of coffee.
What I want is is a little peace and quiet.
Tom is one of the students that I'm teaching French to this year.
What I want is for everyone to be quiet.
Try to stay dry.
What I want is a big juicy steak.
What I want is for everybody to leave.
What I want is a new bicycle like the one Tom has.
Al-Qaida was a predecessor to Daesh.
I thought you said you knew Tom might have to do that by himself.
Just stay at home.
He isn't allowed to travel outside of Algeria.
He won't be allowed to travel to Algeria.
He was detained in Algeria.
He hasn't traveled to Algeria only once but four times.
This should be honored by Algeria.
This should be honored by the government of Algeria.
This should be honored by the Algerian government.
We were assured by the Algerian government that the situation is under control.
He was able to travel extensively out of Algeria.
He was traveling in Algeria at the time.
Tell Tom that I'm hanging up the laundry and I'll call him back.
Stay in the shade.
He's going to be leaving and moving to Algeria.
He was able to stay in Algeria.
He didn't have to move to Algeria.
I can't think of anyone more deserving of the award than Tom.
Is this a new rule?
He's wanted in Algeria.
He's working for the Algerian government.
Qatar is a well-known dangerous actor.
Tom is really serious about learning how to play the banjo.
Try not to get wet.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom did that.
Are those new rules?
Tom went to the post office to send a package to Mary.
Why didn't you wait?
The separatist group has turned on everybody and this will be its downfall.
Al-Jazeera gives the mike to terrorists to discuss their platforms.
Al-Jazeera gives the mike to terrorists to discuss their political agenda.
Typical bug of typical Windows. Nothing special.
Tom kept on smoking, even though we asked him not to.
Is this a new hammer?
Tom is now able to communicate in French fairly well.
Is this a new system?
Everyone has to die eventually.
Everyone will die.
Everybody has to die eventually.
Tom bought some books to read over the summer break.
Try to stay positive.
Tom works in the laundry room at a hotel in Boston.
Don't stay home all day.
Tom is a young French teacher fresh out of college.
I stayed home yesterday.
Mary is the only woman that I've ever really loved.
Stay tuned for the news.
Tom's new wife is young enough to be his daughter.
Come in and stay a while.
Tom's new husband is young enough to be his son.
Tom has been trying to read the Bible in French.
I can't ignore it anymore.
We'll stay here in Boston for another few days.
I just stayed where I was.
Tom never stays in one place for very long.
I can't cook what you want.
Which languages are you fluent in?
Tom listens to French podcasts all the time.
There's nothing in my attic.
I'll go to Paris this autumn.
Please bring me a blanket.
Do you teach Spanish?
Were you bitten by an insect?
The woman is pretty.
He probably died here.
They're independent women.
My Greek is terrible.
Oksanka hid upstairs.
Who has your passport?
Do fish drink water?
Tom is really serious about learning French.
How is the new system better?
Tom is much more fluent in French than I am.
I liked the old system better.
I can't belive that you called Tom an idiot.
Just stay a little bit longer.
Doesn't Tom stay with you when he's in town?
My basement has nothing in it.
Eat bread and drink water.
Canadians don't usually do things like that.
We stayed as long as we could.
I can't forgive Tom for behaving like that.
I can't let you risk your life.
I always stay with Tom when I visit Boston.
I may stay at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom gets tired faster than the rest of us.
What does the UNESCO stand for?
What are you getting Tom for Christmas?
I can't speak for my colleagues.
Tom is a pretty good speaker of French.
I want to stay as long as I can.
I can't belive you called Tom an idiot.
Many people have chosen to stay.
Have you ever read a French comic book?
We used to have noisy neighbors.
What are you giving Tom for Christmas?
I had to stand in line for hours.
Did you stay in the same hotel as Tom?
I never stay at expensive hotels.
Tom wasn't motivated to learn French.
I used to snore, but not anymore.
Tom said that he knew everyone there.
Let's watch the parade from here.
Tom is still young enough to do that.
May I stay with you for a while?
I can't fire Tom. He's a good worker.
We used to have larger audiences.
Has Tom ever stayed at a fancy hotel?
Where do you stand on this issue?
Tom is young, but he's pretty smart.
You've made a mess of everything.
Tom is talking to someone in French.
Everybody in the room was snoring.
I do not like jam.
Tom is in the park with his friends.
I can't say I wasn't disappointed.
What's your favorite Canadian beer?
I can't stand to live here any longer.
Tom talked to the waiter in French.
I usually stay at business hotels.
Tom is very young, maybe too young.
Stay and watch the sunset with us.
Tom is at the top of his French class.
They hate everything we stand for.
Bread is dry, water is cold.
Bread is dry, water is cold
Tom is still taking French lessons.
We all stood as still as we could.
Tom is really interested in French.
When did you buy this screwdriver?
Tom has been working on his French.
Everyone used to have one of those.
Tom usually talks to me in French.
I can't work in the dark like this.
Tom came up with a few good ideas.
I need a place to stay for a while.
Tom might stay until next Monday.
Stay away from people who are sick.
Tom is making progress in French.
The castle is still standing today.
Tom and Mary didn't stay on task.
We used to have more students here.
We can't blame Tom for this one.
Where do you stand on those issues?
Superheroes have special powers.
Britain and the European Union began crucial talks this week on their future trade relationship after the Brexit transition period ends on December 31, 2020.
Conservation International says an estimated eight million metric tons of plastics go into the ocean every year. And that's not even counting the amount that ends up in landfills or by the side of the road.
Environmentally conscious entrepreneurs are creating alternatives to plastic products.
Single-use plastics such as plastic bottles or straws are a major source of pollution.
Tom reads several books a week.
Everybody used to have one of these.
A U.S. senator is introducing legislation that would ban government employees from using the social media app TikTok on their government devices.
Under a microscope, coronaviruses look like round blobs surrounded by spikes, much like the corona, or crown, surrounding the sun.
There are seven coronaviruses that can affect people. The common cold is one, as are its more virulent cousins: SARS, severe acute respiratory virus, and MERS, Middle East respiratory virus.
COVID-is the disease caused by the coronavirus.
Epidemiologists refer to a group of cases of the same disease or condition in a particular area as a cluster.
Community transmission means the disease is spreading to someone who has not had close contact with an infected person and had not visited a place where the virus is known to be spreading.
An outbreak is a sudden surge in the number of people coming down with a particular disease.
An epidemic is a very large outbreak that has spread to other regions, countries or continents.
If a disease is called a pandemic, it can't be controlled, but that doesn't necessarily mean that a lot of people are dying.
The last pandemic was in when a new influenza virus, called H1N1, started in the U.S. and circulated the globe. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that between 151,and 600,people died.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says the fatality rate from COVID-is around 3.4% and that people over and those with other health problems are far more at risk than those who are younger.
Eighty percent of people who get the coronavirus don't need hospitalization and can recover at home with no problem.
When someone is asymptomatic, they don't show any signs of being sick, but they have the virus and can spread it to others.
When someone is symptomatic, that person has visible signs of being sick.
When someone is symptomatic, that person has visible signs of being sick. With COVID-19, that means a cough, fever and difficulty breathing.
Health experts say the most common way the new coronavirus spreads is between someone who has the disease and is showing the symptoms and another person.
Isolation is intended to keep the virus contained or keep a healthy person well.
With a quarantine, people who may have been exposed to a virus are prevented from leaving a particular area.
China quarantined entire cities as the coronavirus spread.
Americans evacuated from Wuhan and cruise ships were housed on military bases while doctors evaluated them for signs of the coronavirus.
There are now treatments for Ebola and HIV.
There are no therapeutics for COVID-so doctors treat the symptoms. For example, they provide drugs to reduce a fever or put a patient who is having trouble breathing on oxygen.
Its doomed maiden voyage happened more than a century ago, but the sinking of the Titanic in remains the stuff of popular culture and the object of deep-sea salvage.
At the time, the Titanic was the world's biggest ship.
Tom is young enough to do that.
The ship distress signals in Morse code.
I can't imagine what it's all about.
The ship distress signals in Morse code using the relatively new Marconi wireless telegraph.
Only of the more than people onboard survived.
Hand washing is more effective against the coronavirus than face masks.
Infected persons should wear masks to keep from releasing the virus into the air in respiratory droplets.
Following simple rules can help prevent the spread of the virus.
Cover your mouth.
Can you do this later?
The United Nations said Wednesday that nationwide school closures in countries intended to help contain the spread of the coronavirus have resulted in nearly million young people being out of school.
The popularity of Chinese-owned video-sharing service TikTok continues to grow among young people in the United States.
TikTok is especially popular with teens and young adults.
TikTok lets users create and share short videos, many under seconds.
The TikTok app offers sounds, parts of songs and special effects to create a video
Some TikTok-based memes go viral.
Videos often include popular songs from well-known artists.
TikTok has even helped launch the careers of new music stars.
TikTok is considered a competitor to video-sharing app Snapchat and Instagram, which is owned by Facebook.
Last year, TikTok was only second to WhatsApp in downloads from Apple and Google.
Major companies use TikTok to reach young people who use little or no traditional media.
Often, the companies create user “challenges” as part of their ad campaigns. In challenges, users are invited to publish their own videos in which they perform similar dance moves.
Tom hung up the laundry for me.
One ad campaign, for example, asked people to wink and move their lips while following a song.
I can't speak for all my colleagues.
The group urges parents to supervise what their children watch on TikTok.
The UN estimates there are about 1.million orphans in Afghanistan.
Organizers of the London Book Fair, one of the publishing industry’s biggest gatherings, have cancelled the event.
Airlines have significantly cut back on flights.
The closure of schools, Romano said, was the right thing to do to limit the spread of the virus. But he said the government should also have closed discos and stopped bus travel because people are near each other also in these places and risk contracting the virus.
The Italian government advised everyone to keep at a safe distance of at least one meter from others, and refrain from kissing or hugging each other and shaking hands.
Sporting events, including soccer games, will be played behind closed doors for the next month.
The Great Barrier Reef off Australia is facing one of its most widespread coral bleaching events on record, as water temperatures soar.
Britain’s biggest domestic airline is the latest casualty of the coronavirus outbreak.
Flybe was rescued from near collapse in January but finally went bankrupt Thursday, hit by low demand and customer cancellations in the wake of the Covid-outbreak.
The International Air Transport Association (IATA) warned Thursday that the entire global airline industry is suffering amid a huge downturn in bookings.
Across Europe big gatherings are being canceled or postponed, from trade shows to sporting events as the economic impacts are starting to bite.
Tom doesn't like to wear shoes.
In Venice, normally packed with visitors year-round, the famous canals are all but empty.
Tourism numbers are down across the world.
Car sales in China have plunged by percent in a month.
Supply chains are disrupted across the globe.
I hope you stand firm on this issue.
Cases of Covid-in Britain have risen sharply in recent days.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson told reporters that planning is underway for the worst-case scenario: a breakdown in law and order.
"There are long established plans by which the police will... obviously keep the public safe, but they will prioritize those things that they have to do. And the army is, of course, always ready to backfill as and when. But that is under the reasonable worst-case scenario,” Johnson said this week.
The one bright spot is that new infections in China, the source of the virus, continue to fall.
Tom and I used to have a thing.
Why don't you stay for a week or so?
Tom and I stayed where we were.
I can't pretend it hasn't been tough.
Tell Tom that I'm taking a nap.
I need to buy some laundry detergent.
Reluctantly, Tom left the room.
I'm very disappointed in both of you.
Mary was wearing an ugly dress.
I can't really make that decision now.
I let Tom walk home by himself.
I stayed until the end of the concert.
Everybody but Tom was standing.
In what ways is the new system better?
Tom stayed right where he was.
Don't stay out here with me. Go inside.
Tom was wearing a trenchcoat.
I can't imagine doing it any other way.
Tom told me he doesn't snore.
I can't remember exactly who took what.
These eating patterns are a learned behavior.
Tom is taking a French class.
I can't say that I wasn't disappointed.
Tom and I've stayed in touch.
I used to have an account at that bank.
I may stay here until Monday.
It'll be hard to stay here much longer.
Tom used to have a blue car.
Can we stay here until it stops raining?
Tom is taking a French test.
I can't remember anything else about it.
Tom is taking a French exam.
I could hear snoring from the next tent.
It's not a good idea to try studying and watching TV at the same time.
Looking at your phone as you're walking down stairs isn't a good idea.
Texting while driving isn't only illegal, it's dangerous.
Tom is busy learning French.
I hope my snoring didn't keep you awake.
Do you think that listening to music while you study is beneficial?
Tom had trouble standing up.
You used to be a better singer, I think.
We were all quarantined.
We've been asked to self-quarantine for two weeks.
Should Tom stay where he is?
I can't remember how long I stayed there.
How long will the quarantine last?
Have you ever been quarantined?
I also want to go to Boston.
It doesn't matter if that happens or not.
Those who need to be quarantined will be quarantined.
We used to have three cars.
I can't see anyone else doing that either.
Tom was unable to stand up.
If you don't plan to help, then stay home.
Tom was standing near Mary.
It would be best if we stayed out of this.
Tom is in the laundry room.
How many loads of laundry did you do today?
Tom got fired for stealing.
I can't remember the last time we did that.
Tom says he'll be there.
How long do you plan to stay on this island?
Tom didn't stay very long.
I can't afford to make that kind of mistake.
Tom and I sat in the back.
I can't stand people who yell at their kids.
I can't stand Tom anymore.
I can't believe that you really believe that.
Will Tom stay for dinner?
What are some good ways to keep from snoring?
Tom never stood a chance.
All I said was I needed to get some fresh air.
They were both Canadians.
I can't forget what you said to me last night.
Tom sat with his family.
I could hear several audience members snoring.
Tom probably knows Mary.
We stood together, watching what was going on.
Tom might not know Mary.
You used to have really long hair, didn't you?
Tom left quite suddenly.
As it stands now, we have to work this weekend.
Tom stood up and spoke.
I can't do that, not under these circumstances.
Tom is already snoring.
I'll stay for a while longer if you don't mind.
Tom is weak in French.
We used to do that a lot when I was growing up.
Tom's room is locked.
We used to have one of those, but we don't now.
I can't stand people who yell at their children.
All the cool kids sit in the back of the school bus.
Tom and I both snore.
You know I used to have one of those, don't you?
Tom might know Mary.
I can't remember what we were doing at that time.
Tom came to meet me.
We plan to stay open until we've sold everything.
Tom might blame us.
Everyone stood for a moment and then sat back down.
Tom stood Mary up.
Don't stay out in the sun for long periods of time.
Tom snored loudly.
Some economists wouldn't agree with that statement.
Tom might stop us.
There used to be a school across the street from us.
Tom made us stand.
Smell this milk. Do you think it's still OK to drink?
Tom always snores.
Back in those days, we used to have a lot of visitors.
Tell Tom to stand.
I wonder who would be calling us at this time of night.
I know Tom snores.
This is the suit that I'm going to wear to the concert.
Doesn't Tom snore?
Who'll stay with your children while you're out working?
Tom fired a shot.
The real problem is you don't even know we have a problem.
Tom snores, too.
I could hear a student snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom stood, too.
Have you already chosen the songs you're going to play tonight?
Tom snored.
Where did I put the car key?
Tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a week.
He didn't say anything like that.
I borrowed that book from the library.
The child is eating some bread.
Tomorrow, I will return earlier.
I am going to come back earlier tomorrow.
I don't have to explain anything to Tom.
Don't lose patience.
Where did I put my car keys?
There are a lot of trees in the park.
Tom's speech was mediocre.
Mary's as flat as a board.
I can hardly climb stairs. I'm as fat as a pig.
There's no elevator in the building and I can hardly walk up the stairs because of my aching knees.
Let's discuss this outside.
One has to work a lot in order to succeed.
That's what I think, at least.
We won't amount to anything.
I knew also your great-great-grandfather.
I see the white lion.
My father's great-grandfather was older than my mother's great-great-grandfather.
Let me touch your face. I can't imagine how you look.
I've already told him.
I've already told them.
Sorry, but I won't talk politics.
Florida is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the U.S.
Florida's warm climate and miles-long beautiful beaches attract vacationers and those willing to relocate or retire.
But with the threat of a coronavirus epidemic, things might not look so sunny for Florida tourism.
Weeks after its scientists released the sequence of the coronavirus, China says the first vaccines could be in "emergency use" next month.
A top Chinese health official said Friday the country was moving full steam ahead to develop vaccines for the coronavirus.
Developing vaccines that are safe and effective takes time, investment, and good science.
In the U.S., in a record-breaking pace, Massachusetts-based biotechnology company Moderna shipped its vaccine last month to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases to begin human testing.
With fireballs in his hands, The Cauldron Group's David Duckworth sets magical potions ablaze.
Gathered around crystal balls and cauldrons in a dark, magical room, sit wizards and witches learning new magic.
This is a potion-making class.
When customers arrive, they receive their magician's cloak and a magic wand.
Natalie is a big Harry Potter fan.
Tom is a big Harry Potter fan.
There is no chance of escaping this place for the likes of us.
How does one translate here?
Amazing that this sentence hasn't yet been translated into Russian.
I've just noticed such a sentence already exists.
If he knows that we're here he'll kill us.
What the fuck are you doing here?
It is vital that the collective consciousness is on a vibration that radiates Love, Joy, Kindness, Peace and Light.
The shirt is not for sale.
I knew you were up to no good!
You're in a shock.
My grandfather did not live to see our business gain a market share.
I took out the bullets.
You're in safe hands.
You will get an answer to all of your questions.
He's not my real father.
We've been waiting for this moment for years.
He met a mysterious man by chance while taking a walk.
Do whatever the fuck you want.
Sara hoped Linda would stay in Baghdad for a while.
I'm leaving Baghdad tomorrow.
Why should Sara visit Baghdad?
How's Sara getting back to Baghdad?
I showed Sara around Baghdad.
Sara is supposed to be in Baghdad.
Sara is trying to get to Baghdad.
What'll Sara be doing in Baghdad?
Why didn't Sara visit Baghdad?
I visited Baghdad with Sara.
You've gone mad!
I cannot work in some settings.
He had a fatal accident.
They declared themselves innocent.
Mina refuses to compromise.
Mina has a twenty-hour flight.
Mina has a 20-hour flight.
Omri doesn't trust Wikipedia.
Omri doesn't use Facebook.
Mina is innocent.
We'll explain it one by one.
He needs to learn all of this as soon as possible.
We'll see what happens together.
Will I become invisible?
Did I become invisible?
Now you can ask what you want.
One night, he had a dream.
He saw three things in his dream.
Outstanding!
I shot at you.
Saying "Add your own version" is a popular way of mildly telling your opponent off on Tatoeba.
Be careful, the bullet can ricochet off the rock and come towards you.
Maybe you gave me something while I was unconscious.
How am I supposed to know?
Will you leave me alone with him for a little while?
Why are you interrupting me?
Am I coming through?
The book may be lost.
It's possible that the book is lost.
The body of that man still hasn't been found.
Everything is in a shambles.
How would you feel if it were you?
Either everyone wins at Tatoeba, or no one does.
That man's body still hasn't been found.
Let's pray he turns out to be a fast learner.
It's possible the book is lost.
If that's the case, why didn't you tell me these things?
I want to see him tonight in my office.
I go to one of my sister-in-laws for a month and the neighbourhood has gone to the dogs.
Apparently, he hasn't stopped by here since yesterday.
What kind of trouble have you been up to this time?
The coffee is here, it ended up frothy.
The first days are always hard.
It's not about you.
It's just my observation.
Ah, I wish there was a shelter.
Quickly, evacuate to the hill.
Thank you for your hard work during at today's evacuation drill
We must evacuate the people in the hall!
Fire, fire, there is a fire on the 5th floor. Please calmly evacuate.
Are you from this neighborhood, kids?
While we wun at supper, a mon cumm'd wi' a autar to fatch her away.
That would calm people's agitation in Algeria.
Algeria is already dealing with a number of problems.
Algerians are known for their solidarity.
Algeria is facing a political crisis now.
He's an Algerian financial analyst.
Often is not always.
He's an Algerian economist.
Algerian doctors are on alert.
Algerian doctors need to be kept on alert.
Algeria's economy is recovering.
Has it been snowing in Algeria?
Is it snowing in Algeria?
Does it snow in Algeria?
Has it ever snowed in this part of Algeria?
How rich is Algeria?
He's an Algerian deliveryman.
He's from Akbou, Bejaia province, Algeria.
Weibo is China's answer to Twitter.
"A snail is fucking big", said the ladybird.
He's an Algerian teacher.
He met her on the eve of the Berber New Year.
He was born on the eve of Yennayer, the Berber New Year.
He's an Algerian head nurse.
Tomorrow we'll see what we want to do.
They're heading towards Algeria in the belief they can find a good life there.
I caught you!
I'm awaiting your news.
I carried out an inspection.
He is not afraid?
There are a lot of things you don't know.
He was dressed.
He cannot even count.
Tom relies on our friendship.
Don't worry your pretty mind.
The person you have called cannot be reached at the moment.
What is your business here?
If you have a gun in your hand, use the distance to your advantage.
I don't have time to listen to this kind of nonsense.
My father is waiting for us at the cistern.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte has taken new extraordinary measures to fight the spread of the coronavirus in Italy.
The government approved a new decree which effectively locks down the region of Lombardy in the north and other provinces, covering one quarter of the Italian population.
The wealthy region of Lombardy and other provinces in the nearby regions of Emilia-Romagna, Veneto and Piedmont have been locked down in efforts to stop the spread of COVID-19.
Museums, theaters and cinemas have been closed nationwide.
Restaurants and bars will be allowed to stay open from 6am to 6pm as long as tables are kept one meter apart.
No church services will be held, including funerals and weddings.
Pope Francis will not appear at his regular window on Saint Peter’s Square during the emergency, and his prayers from inside the Vatican will be streamed.
Italy is the worst affected country in Europe.
Authorities are still struggling to understand how the epidemic in Italy began.
The World Health Organization said Sunday that countries are now reporting coronavirus cases with more than 100,people reported as being ill.
Italy has asked retired doctors to return to service to help treat coronavirus victims.
In a break with centuries of tradition, Pope Francis did not deliver the annual Angelus prayer live Sunday in Saint Peter's Square.
The Vatican, which has already reported one coronavirus case, is hoping to keep crowd size down in the tiny city-state in its attempt to stop the virus.
The pontiff utilized 21st-century technology and delivered the prayer via livestream by Vatican News and on screens in Saint Peter's Square.
In China, a hotel used to quarantine people with the virus collapsed Sunday.
At least two federal health screeners at Los Angeles International Airport have tested positive for the coronavirus.
The Grand Princess is carrying more than 3,passengers and crew.
The ship has been held at sea since last week when San Francisco refused to allow the ship to return there because of the outbreak.
Bahrain has announced it will hold its Formula Grand Prix later this month, but without any spectators.
Romans woke Saturday to learn that the leader of Italy's Democratic Party had tested positive for the coronavirus and that the virus had also infected an official inside the Vatican, the walled city-state in Rome.
News that Nicola Zingaretti, the first leading Italian politician confirmed to have contracted COVID-19, came amid mounting fears that the government's containment policies, the most far-reaching in Europe, were not working to halt the spread of the virus from northern Italy.
Zingaretti, whose brother is a popular television actor, announced he had tested positive in a video he posted on his Facebook page.
The Democratic Party rules Italy in a coalition government with the Five Star Movement.
Norwegian Air said it was suspending service between Oslo and Milan.
The contagion is damaging the Italian economy and its important tourism industry.
Until recently, Romans seemed confident that the city would escape major contagion.
Restaurants, cafes and bars report a drastic drop in customers.
Staff wonder how long the crisis will last and how it will affect their jobs.
With the coronavirus emergency deepening in Europe, Italy risks falling back into recession as foreign tourists are spooked and the global market shrinks for prized artisanal products.
Italians are split about whether the government is being too drastic in its actions or not drastic enough.
Some question why schools are being closed but not factories and offices, saying there is no logic to the measures.
Some remote Aboriginal settlements in Australia are banning outsiders in an attempt to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
Deprey said she especially enjoys working on projects that can be applied to the real world.
Women and minorities pursuing computer science degrees often feel alone in a field that is overwhelmingly dominated by men.
Women need to feel empowered to do whichever kind of job they want to do.
When they are such an underrepresented minority, women tend to shy away from these fields.
After graduating this summer, Deprey plans to move to New York City, where she will start in a full-time software engineering position with the file-hosting service Dropbox.
Most Native American artwork is created by Native women. Yet for centuries, their individual contributions have largely remained unrecognized and anonymous.
Mary has always been a bit of a tomboy.
Tom is an extremely dumb dog.
You need to differentiate between reality and fiction.
In I learned a strange language for the first time and it was English.
Persons of Anglo-Saxon or German origin are considered one hundred percent Americans.
I'm sorry you had to wait so long for me.
Corruption of politics has nothing to do with the morals, or the laxity of morals, of various political personalities. Its cause is altogether a material one.
Pettiness separates; breadth unites. Let us be broad and big. Let us not overlook vital things because of the bulk of trifles confronting us.
Conceit, arrogance and egotism are the essentials of patriotism.
We Americans claim to be a peace-loving people. We hate bloodshed; we are opposed to violence. Yet we go into spasms of joy over the possibility of projecting dynamite bombs from flying machines upon helpless citizens.
Thinking men and women the world over are beginning to realize that patriotism is too narrow and limited a conception to meet the necessities of our time.
The Christian religion and morality extols the glory of the Hereafter, and therefore remains indifferent to the horrors of the earth.
In decrying the body as something evil, the flesh as the tempter to everything that is sinful, man has mutilated his being in the vain attempt to keep his soul pure, while his body rotted away from the injuries and tortures inflicted upon it.
With the conception that the Revolution was only a means of securing political power, it was inevitable that all revolutionary values should be subordinated to the needs of the Socialist State; indeed, exploited to further the security of the newly acquired governmental power.
Revolutionary methods must be in tune with revolutionary aims.
The paramount question of the day is not political, is not religious, but is economic.
That is the vilest of all tyranny where a man compels the woman he says he loves, to endure the agony of bearing children that she does not want, and for whom, as is the rule rather than the exception, they cannot properly provide.
To the sexual tyrant there is no parallel upon earth; one must go to the skies to find a fiend who thrusts life upon his children only to starve and curse and outcast and damn them!
I would rather, much rather, not know who my father was than know he had been a tyrant to my mother.
There is no refuge upon earth for the enslaved sex. Right where we are, there we must dig our trenches, and win or die.
In the name of Purity what lies are told! What queer morality it has engendered.
The buttplug won't come out.
Tom will probably never return home.
Tom might not blame us.
You can't keep me here no matter what you do.
We have to clean this place up.
We need to destroy everything that belongs to you.
We need to destroy all of your belongings.
After that, we'll go together.
International Women’s Day celebrations were held across the world Sunday.
Finally you were able to answer my calls.
It’s been years since the 19th Amendment was passed giving women the right to vote in the United States.
“Some countries have rolled back laws that protect women from violence; others are reducing civic space; still others are pursuing economic and immigration policies that indirectly discriminate against women,” Antonio Guterres warned at a commemoration ahead of International Women’s Day.
“We must push back against the pushback,” he said. “We cannot give way; we refuse to lose the ground we have won.”
Women in many parts of the world are still trying to overcome societal obstacles, including child marriage, illiteracy, domestic violence and lack of access to family planning.
The secretary-general was joined by several trailblazing women, including the world’s youngest female prime minister, Sanna Marin of Finland. She is and heads a coalition government in which women lead all five parties.
Finland has been at the forefront pursuing gender equality for decades.
Finland has been at the forefront pursuing gender equality for decades, including being the first state to grant women full political rights – both to vote and to run for office.
“Change does not happen overnight,” Marin said.
“Change does not happen overnight,” Marin said. “We had to harness the resources of the whole society because we simply could not disregard half of the population.”
She said family-friendly policies such as paid parental leave, publicly funded child care and even free school lunches played a significant role in advancing gender equality. She noted that many of these policies were introduced by female legislators.
“I argue that the best way to get gender transformative policies is to have more women in high-level decision-making positions,” she said.
I'm not looking for a job any more.
Yesterday, you were talking about how important this job was for you.
Sometimes dreams change.
Do you have an idea of where he might be?
Were you able to go to the hospital?
I won't stop pursuing this matter.
Surely, the security cameras must've picked something up.
We have to be prepared for everything.
That's how we had planned it out.
He was of afraid of putting you in danger.
He was afraid of losing you.
He was afraid that you would look into your past.
Why didn't he tell me anything?
This is the first time I see this photograph.
He didn't show it to me at all.
If he had told me I could have protected him.
I ended up all alone.
You're not all alone.
We're your family.
Don't we know what he looks like?
I can't speak for all of my colleagues.
I'm reading short stories.
The doctor prescribed me Ciprofloxacin for my urinary tract infection.
Try and stay dry.
The paper is selling well in Algeria.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's president.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is the president of the republic.
He got to the Algiers airport this morning.
Algeria is not bankrupt.
Algeria is the country I know best.
Algeria is very good at doing that.
Translate the report into Berber.
These statistics were communicated by the Algerian ministry of finance.
An argument broke out on the Berber language.
They're mocking Italians.
We can save Algeria's economy.
He's reporting from Algeria.
He went back to Algeria for the Berber New Year.
Algeria's economy is already sluggish.
How to improve the health of Algeria's economy?
I'm calling from Algeria.
Is Algeria's economy heading for a recession?
Is Algeria's economy heading for a technical recession?
Algeria's economy is slowing down.
Algeria is spending billions of dollars to stimulate its economy.
Algeria is currently in recession.
Algeria's economy is currently in recession.
We're starting to see that in Algeria.
They were barred from entering Algeria.
Many Algerians love Bollywood movies.
Many Algerians watch Bollywood movies.
I know an Algerian who learned Hindi and Urdu from Bollywood movies.
The Algerian region of El Tarf is known for its swampy forests.
The Algerian government has licensed exploration in these blocks of land.
He's still there in Algeria.
If you bet your horses on Trump, you'll lose.
The leader of the separatists doesn't have any chance of having his reputation restored.
Tension is running high between Algeria and Morocco.
This law discriminates against Muslims.
Hindu crowds are now attacking Muslims in New Delhi.
India should not become a nationalist Hindu state.
They called for violence against Muslims.
They're calling for violence against Muslims.
Some Hindu leaders are calling for violence against Muslims.
How dangerous is the situation in India?
They're mouthing racist and Islamophobic slogans.
Muslims have also been killed.
Muslims are protesting in India.
Modi, a Hindu nationalist, wants to tear India away from its founding principles.
I probably won't walk to school today.
This violates the Algerian constitution.
This racist ideology could impact the police and the army.
They never report on Algerian issues.
He lied about Algeria.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists are known for their provocative discourse.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists are known for their incendiary discourse.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists are known for their hateful propaganda.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists are known for their racist propaganda.
How bad is the situation in India today in terms of rising Hindu nationalism?
Takfirism is alive and well in the hateful propaganda of Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, and Kerchouche.
Racism is alive and well in the hateful speech of fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists.
Who else waited for Tom?
Hitler didn't only hate Jews.
Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, Faycal Kerchouche, and the separatists are all fascists.
Fascists like Naima Salhi are now household names.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula, Noureddine Khettal, Naima Salhi, Faycal Kerchouche, and the separatists have a very limited role on the Algerian political scene.
I believe in Algerian common sense.
Gandhi is India's iconic independence leader.
Is India being ruled by a Hindu version of ISIS?
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, Kerchouche, and the separatists are known for their outrageous statements.
We don't want what's happening in Libya, Yemen, and Syria to happen in Algeria.
We want a united Algeria.
Kabyles are for a united Algeria.
Kabyles want a united Algeria.
Kabyles fought for the independence of Algeria.
Kabyles fought for a united Algeria.
Fascists like Benkoula, Salhi, Kerchouche, and Khettal consider the Berber-speaking populations of Algeria as an "internal threat."
Fascists like Benkoula, Salhi, Kerchouche, and Khettal claim that Algeria only has one culture, one language, and one religion.
Many Hindu extremists are threatening to kill Muslims.
Chouchane, a barking dog known for his support to Islamist terrorist groups, called for the extermination of Kabyles.
Algeria is a responsible nation.
Naima Salhi is known for her defamatory declarations.
He spent four years a correspondent in Algeria.
I'm Algerian and I now live in the UK.
I'm a proud Algerian.
I am a proud Algerian and I am Muslim.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Salhi, and Kerchouche are promoting hate campaigns against Berber speakers.
The NHS issues updated Coronavirus recommendations today.
The Bouteflika regime looted the country for almost two decades.
I filled my shopping basket with fruits.
The judge found the evidence of his guilt insubstantial.
His new car has a big sunroof.
They're defaming Algeria.
They're criticizing Algeria.
I'm an Algerian Muslim.
Islam came to Algeria in the 7th century, not with the Banu Hilal Arabs.
I'm a Muslim and I love Hinduism.
Algeria has a very strong historical relationship with India.
This is good for both Algeria and Germany.
The word "Palestine" was originally the Greek name for Eretz Yisrael (Southern Canaan). It was seemingly a portmanteau of the Canaanite term Peleshet (the coastal region of Southern Canaan) and the Greek word for wrestler, as in "he wrestled God."
Fascists like Benkoula, Salhi, Kerchouche, and Khettal are flirting with takfirism.
He still cannot speak Berber.
He doesn't have speaking partners to practice speaking Berber with.
Improve your Berber.
This will help you improve your Berber.
You need to speak Berber more like a native speaker.
Officials like mathematical evasion.
Officials like statistical evasion.
It's difficult to tell who is and isn't corrupt in Algeria.
Schadenfreude is evil.
Mouloud Feraoun is an Algerian novelist.
Self-righteousness is one of the most off-putting human qualities.
Things are moving in Algeria.
I think Algeria is ready for democracy.
Do you think Algeria is ready for democracy?
Algeria has changed profoundly.
Active Tatoeba users are typically highly opinionated.
I don't have to answer your question.
I don't have to answer that question.
We must remove the rose-tinted glasses through which we view the United States.
This is the turning point. It's now or never.
Did you find what you wanted?
The weather is deceptive in spring.
Why is he fasting?
Why does he fast?
Let's go play baseball.
A botfly is an insect.
They have already read the today's paper.
They have already read the today's newspaper.
He's a labourer.
Ivan Mazepa is not a traitor.
Lithuania is a hospitable country.
I'm fluent in German.
Don't worry, I'm here.
She sometimes watches TV.
She eats too fast.
She's eating too fast.
My favourite season is spring.
Mull it over.
Have you locked the car?
I believe all of you.
Dan can sing well in English.
He embarrasses me.
I read this book yesterday.
I have no hopes.
Do you know whether it's going to rain tomorrow?
The Pope ordered me to stay quiet.
The traffic is heavy on our roads.
He hasn't ever shown his face again.
Your father is the only one who's seen him.
"What are you most afraid of, Tom?" "That Mary falls in love with someone else."
A bomb always hits ground zero.
He probably just gave up, right?
You're the only one who can kill him.
Don't you have the ring?
He took all my loved ones from me.
Tom is talking very loudly.
I'll confront him.
My friendship with you is very important to me.
I should have never returned here.
I cooperate with your friend.
Is there anything else that you want?
Apparently, there is a range of family problems.
I prepared a list of more qualified applicants for you.
They all look like Mafiosi.
If only you could have stayed a little bit longer.
We can chill.
Not everything has to do with you.
Don't misunderstand me, but my mind is really occupied.
He doesn't have any wife or kids.
Keep your back straight!
Both of his legs were cut off by a train.
Believe in your power and duty!
She lives with her son in a house quite far away from the city.
We had taken an oath not to contact one another again.
Tell him I'm hanging up the laundry.
Her appearance led me astray.
If I had free time, I would accept her invitation.
The death-to-case ratio in Italy climbed Sunday to an alarming 5%, with the Civil Protection Agency reporting a disturbing 51% spike in deaths, bringing the total death toll attributed to coronavirus to 366.
Italy's spike in mortalities exceeded worst-case forecasts, as well as the overall rate in other stricken countries.
Public health officials say the death toll is not extraordinary considering Italy has a large elderly population with nearly a quarter of Italians over 65.
Only Japan has an older demographic than Italy among advanced countries.
Public health officials say that while the health care system is holding up, it is under extraordinary strain that will likely worsen if drastic containment measures announced Sunday by Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte don't start having an effect. ​ ​
Italy is taking unprecedented steps to handle the patients needing hospitalization by bringing doctors out of retirement and accelerating graduation dates for nursing students.
Hospitals in the towns of Lodi and Cremona last week were so packed that they had to shutter their emergency rooms and send patients elsewhere.
"It is surprisingly difficult to calculate the death rate during an epidemic," said John Edmunds, a professor in the Center for the Mathematical Modeling of Infectious Diseases, at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.
He noted that not all cases of infection will be reported, because only mild symptoms are suffered.
High volumes of patients needing hospitalization at the same time can overwhelm health care services, leading to a shortage of beds or attending staff. The end result can be inadequate treatment and more deaths.​
Coronavirus cases in Greece tripled in recent days when travelers who had returned from a pilgrimage to Israel and Egypt were detected with the virus.
Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis reached out to the head of the Greek Orthodox Church, which has refused to shut down churches and says priests will not stop distributing holy communion.
With Orthodox Easter approaching in April, church attendance is high, mainly among older followers.
Egypt is reporting its first death from the coronavirus, or COVID-— a German tourist who came down with the infection during a visit to Luxor.
Lebanon, which has at least confirmed cases, has closed schools, nightclubs, restaurants and some sports facilities to prevent the virus from spreading further.
Amateur video showed pilgrims flocking to the tomb of a local saint for its possible healing powers.
Despite several monumental pushes for women’s rights around the globe over recent decades, activists say progress has been very slow.
Tom is a politically exposed person.
The first White House fence was made of wood and erected by Thomas Jefferson in the early 1800s.
The early fences were designed to keep out animals, not people.
Visitors often freely roamed the White House grounds.
“It was relatively easy to get inside and go upstairs to the second floor. That's where the president worked before the West Wing was built,” says Matthew Costello of the White House Historical Association.
So, you can imagine the president trying to get work done and just being besieged by office seekers, lobbyists, all types of people who would essentially stand out in the hallway and hope to get a quick meeting with the president or catch a glimpse of the president.
In the 1880s, President Grover Cleveland kept an open-door policy, until strangers tried to pick up his children.
President Theodore Roosevelt decided to reopen the White House grounds in the early 1900s, but changed his mind when people kept wandering over to the West Wing to catch a glimpse of him.
At the time, there weren't many opportunities for women to play sports.
Sue Macy's book, "Breaking Through: How Female Athletes Shattered Stereotypes in the Roaring Twenties," relates the struggles of women athletes in the U.S. and how they paved the way for success for modern women in sports.
I saw him nodding out on the bus.
It's as if I've know them all my life.
Eliminate.
He hates to study.
She hates to study.
It bores me.
I can talk.
I'm ignorning it.
The wilaya of Algiers is Algeria's most populous region.
This drain opener is better than that.
This is a chemical drain cleaner.
This is an organic drain cleaner that uses bacteria.
The drain is so slow.
The sink is almost overflowing.
The sink drain is clogged.
The sink is dirty.
The sink is dirty and clogged.
The sink drain is slow as hell.
Pour the drain opener in the drain.
They're coming to Algeria.
This is going to be a major challenge for Algeria.
He lives in northern Algeria.
He's reporting from Algiers.
Journalist Skura Amzil joins us from the Algerian city of Bejaia.
We support what the Algerian government is doing.
They want to leave Algiers.
Can you tell us what it feels like now in Algiers?
This is happening everywhere in Algeria.
He met so many people in Algeria.
He's in the capital, Algiers.
Algeria, where Skura comes from originally, is a modern nation.
Algeria needs to spend prudently.
We can chill out a bit.
Can Algeria replicate the Turkish economic model?
The Algerian government has to act very quickly.
The Moroccan city of Oujda is very close to Algeria.
He's writing a book about Algeria.
Algeria needs to nip this problem in the bud.
The Algerian government is taking measures to save the country's economy.
There won't be massive job losses in Algeria.
Life has come back to normal in Algeria.
Algeria's economy is recovering slowly.
Algeria has reduced its oil production.
The situation is different in Algeria.
Could Algeria have handled that differently?
Algeria is taking big measures to save its economy.
Algeria is taking major measures to save its economy.
He's a chief economist at an Algerian research institute.
What's been happening in Algeria?
The Algerian government is taking this problem seriously.
This is a criminal offense in Algeria.
They'll get them back to Algeria next week.
A quarter of a million Algerians live in this area.
On weekends, most Algerians simply stay home.
Is there a lack of press freedom in Algeria?
He's an Algerian environmental investigator.
He's an Algerian human rights investigator.
What should Algerians do?
He has just arrived from Algeria.
He captured amazing images in Algeria.
Should Algeria cut ties with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates?
Women in Algeria have the right to drive.
Skura is also Algerian.
He's an Algerian blogger.
Should Algeria cut its ties with Saudi Arabia?
This is a book authored by Algerian novelist Kamel Daoud.
This novel was written by Algerian writer Mouloud Mammeri.
This book was written by Algerian writer Mouloud Feraoun.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian singer and activist.
Matoub Lounes and Tahar Djaout died for Algeria.
They're insulting Algeria.
He came to Algeria in as a young student.
He went to Algiers and did his PhD.
He was on Algerian TV.
Saudi Arabia's constitution is the Quran.
He lost his Algerian passport.
He escaped from Saudi Arabia and ended up in Algeria.
Algeria accepted him as an asylum seeker.
He went to Algeria, the UK, and Canada.
Are we heading towards a crisis in Algeria?
He is an Algerian archaeologist.
Saudi Arabia is destabilizing the Middle East.
They organized their debate in Algeria.
We're going to focus principally on Algeria.
Saudi Arabia is a bad-faith international actor.
I'm really glad that I came to Algeria.
Abolish America.
Abolish the Americas.
Algeria is a significant country in the region.
You know Algeria well, don't you?
Algeria is a modern and civilized nation.
That's why he went to Algeria.
This is a decision for Algerians to take.
Saudi Arabia is distorting Islam.
I learned a lot in Algeria.
I moved to Algeria in 2004.
Al-Jazeera is Bin Laden's platform.
He watches Algerian TV.
If you were the foreign minister for Algeria, what would you do?
Saudi Arabia is spreading radical Islam.
Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding terrorism.
Brzezinski recruited radical Islamists to go fight in Afghanistan.
Al-Jazeera is a friend of Bin Laden.
The Algerian government didn't do anything about it.
The war in Yemen has to end.
Algeria should reassess its relations with Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.
Syria is in a real mess.
Yemen is at war.
Can Algeria become a mature democracy?
The Jewish term for a convert is "ger," meaning "stranger" or "foreigner" in Hebrew.
Life has got better in Algeria.
The word "diaspora" was originally coined for the scattering of Jews from Eretz Yisrael.
You can address the very real, clear and present material evils of Zionist oppression without erasing Jewish history and culture.
Jewish prayer, religious texts, and commentary are rife with references to Jews as a nation.
Blessed are You, the Eternal, our God, King of the Universe, who has chosen us from among the nations and given us His Torah. Blessed are You, the Eternal, giver of the Torah.
The poet's work has stood the test of time.
Esther is gay.
I don't read the news.
I avoid reading the news.
I need to stop reading the news.
Stalin killed people like Bernie Sanders; equating the two is ignorant at best, cynical at worst.
You're creative; I'm not.
I'm reading a story in Yiddish.
I'm reading a story by I. J. Singer.
We're updating our Terms of Service.
We're updating our Privacy Policy.
We've updated our Privacy Policy; it no longer contains anything.
He shot my cat, that lunatic!
The Italian government may turn to the army to buttress the police in enforcing a dramatic "stay-at-home" order imposed Monday by Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte to try to retard the spread of the coronavirus contagion.
Travel must be avoided across the entire peninsula unless it is justified by professional reasons, by cases of need or for health reasons.
Italian officials acknowledge they do expect the drastic order to spark some civil unrest, but they believe a sense of patriotism — as well as fear of the deadly virus — will persuade most Italians to observe the restrictions on their movements.
Italians in normally bustling cities like Rome and Milan woke Tuesday to empty streets and a surreal quiet.
Under the new order, all open-air gatherings of people are banned, as are sporting events and sporting facilities, including swimming pools, spas, sport halls and ski resorts.
All museums and cultural venues, along with nightclubs, cinemas, theaters and casinos have been ordered shut.
"People are starting to understand the gravity,” said Andrea Sterpino, the owner of the bar and restaurant San Rocco in the Lazio village of Celleno.
“People are very fearful of the virus,” he added.
The nationwide lockdown has left thousands of foreign tourists and visitors in Italy in a quandary.
Many airlines have suspended flights to and from Italy until early April.
In the north of Italy, doctors say they are having to make heart-breaking life-death decisions about who to treat because of limited resources.
Dr. Macchini warned the virus doesn’t only affect the elderly and that plenty of younger people “end up intubated in intensive care.”
Tom has not been tested for the coronavirus.
Tom was tested for the coronavirus.
Tom is self-quarantining after having had contact with an infected person.
Germany reported its first two deaths from the coronavirus.
Chancellor Angela Merkel warned against thinking that it is in vain to try to halt the spread of the virus.
As the coronavirus rattles global markets, some analysts are now warning of a possible global recession.
Lee Jae-hoon is standing in the Korean barbecue restaurant he owns in this normally busy office district of Seoul. There are almost no customers.
At this time on Thursdays, the restaurant is always filled with customers. But as you can see, there is no one.
The owner of the flower shop said no one is buying flowers.
Economist Woo Seok-jin said disease outbreaks usually just affect demand -- that is, people buy fewer things. But in the case of the coronavirus, it is also disrupting the production side, too.
Economist Woo Seok-jin says not only are small businesses taking a hit. So are large ones.
In response to the virus, South Korea has announced a nearly $billion economic stimulus package.
Among other measures, the stimulus package will allow business owners to get cheaper loans.
Help can not come soon enough.
The help can not come soon enough for Seoul travel agency owner Lee Jeong-hwan. No customers are calling, he says, let alone booking trips.
The coronavirus is most dangerous to the elderly and those with weakened immune systems.
Wasima Khan dropped out of school six years ago. She is not an exception but the norm in Nuh, a district in northern India where the female literacy rate of about 30% is barely half the national average.
The reason the 19-year-old left her studies is the same as in most village homes. “I had to help my mother look after my younger brothers and sisters and do housework,” said Khan.
While boys in Papika, in Haryana state, walk to the nearest high school, about four kilometers away, daughters are not allowed to venture outside the tiny village.
One of the obstacles in the FIRST Robotics Competition game was the chevaux de frise.
He filed an appeal against his sister's sectioning.
Besides working at home, women in the village fetch fodder for buffaloes and work in fields.
In these villages, women are victims of many social evils such as harassment for dowry, divorce and bigamy.
Don't pull your hair out over rent, I'm sure we'll come up with the money somehow.
Most clipart available in Microsoft Word is of a poor resolution.
“Here men think that women are only meant to do housework and give birth to children,” said Islam passionately. “We have to change this thinking. If we have equality under the law, how can society have this gender discrimination?”
Thirty-year-old Aslima Khan is determined to educate her three daughters. The reason – to ensure they can escape her own life's experience of backbreaking drudgery.
“All I do the whole day is slog with animals, fetch firewood, sweep, cook and wash dishes,” she said. “If I had studied I would have been saved from this.”
The battle to get more girls to complete school and enter college will be slow, but it has begun.
His generous bequest enabled the church to continue funding the youth group.
There are sick passengers on board.
IBM thinks that the answer lies in blockchain technology.
A blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger.
A blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger where transactions are recorded, verified and become permanent and immutable.
He just published a case study on the link between genetics and autism.
She took minutes to complete the MMPI-A.
Avoid close contact with people who are unwell.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands.
Wash your hands often with soap and water.
The machine has a warning placard reminding people to use lockout and tagout.
This chocolate bar has chunks of toffee in it.
Most hotels these days provide free toiletries for showering.
Her conviction cast a shadow over her nephew's graduation festivities.
Angela was in the hospital to have a cyst drained.
For a time, he was a squatter in the abandoned building down the street.
He just left the geriatric ward.
Maggie said you can hold your own in darts.
Every guest on this crew must always wear their wristband.
In my humble opinion, she is not a good candidate for the job.
The government is taking a laissez-faire approach to economics.
Due to the outbreak, Joan attends her meetings by teleconferencing.
Honey can also be used as medicine.
The test came back positive.
Your test came back positive.
It was a false positive.
The coronavirus is more contagious than the flu.
Are you expecting a good harvest this year?
Mary married her college sweetheart.
Tom married his college sweetheart.
People aren't stupid.
The masses are asses.
How did you end up in this God-forsaken place?
He lives out in the boondocks.
The Summer Olympic torch will be lit in Tokyo without spectators for the first time in nearly years.
Football matches in Spain, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Slovenia — among other countries — will go on as scheduled, but in empty stadiums.
Just ignore it and do nothing.
Italy is under quarantine.
You should read the works of Algerian author Mouloud Mammeri.
They're coming from Algeria.
Algerians are standing together.
Algeria will not fall apart.
Algeria is coming together.
Algeria is taking measures to stimulate the economy.
What would be the geopolitical consequences of a total war in Libya for Algeria?
I think the Algerian minister of health that said that.
It is going to be a big financial issue for Algeria.
Trump is known for his impulsive decisions.
Saudi Arabia and Iran distrust each other.
Wuhan is the epicenter of the coronavirus epidemic.
The Algerian government needs to improve its public image.
Can Algeria become a liberal democracy?
Algeria has a relatively good public healthcare system.
Algeria should become a manufacturing powerhouse.
Algeria should be economically more independent.
Algeria will change a lot after this crisis.
Algeria needs more industrial companies.
Algeria needs more factories.
Algeria doesn't produce these goods.
Algeria is facing a major economic crisis.
Algeria is facing a big financial crisis.
Skura Amzil is a former New York Times correspondent in Algeria.
He's an Algerian climatologist.
What will be the new normal in Algeria?
Thank you for being with us from Algiers.
This is happening here in Algeria.
I am staying home.
He's an Algerian expat living in Germany.
Algeria has a lot of tourist sites.
Algeria will never lose its dignity.
This area of Algiers is buzzing with restaurants.
He was in Algiers.
Some Algerian passengers are stranded in Italy.
Anyone who lives in Algeria can watch this TV channel.
Things are changing radically in Algeria.
Wuhan, China, is the origin of the coronavirus outbreak.
They're in Algiers, waiting to board a plane home.
Tunisian hotels are cheap in low season.
What's gonna happen next in Algeria?
Italy is placed under lockdown.
All of Italy is now placed under lockdown.
Italian business owners are concerned.
He's an Algerian business owner.
He's an Algerian virologist.
Sonatrach is Algeria's biggest company.
How do you know so much about Algeria?
The Algerian nationals will be taken back to their home country.
Algeria is one of the countries affected by the coronavirus outbreak.
From Germany, we move to Algeria.
Wuhan is a city located in Hubei, China.
Bejaia is a city located in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's an Algerian independent journalist.
This is an Algerian news and opinions website.
It's four o'clock in Algeria.
Algeria is being proactive in dealing with the coronavirus epidemic.
Algerians should buy hand sanitizer.
Algeria is facing a political and economic crisis.
How is Algeria addressing its economic crisis?
The Algerian government is working to make that a reality.
Trump looks like a fool.
Trump says foolish things.
Trump says and does foolish things.
Trump acts like a fool.
Trump is in his seventies now.
Algeria's social healthcare system needs improvement.
When did Algeria have its first case of coronavirus?
Algeria is keeping the coronavirus under control.
Algerians need to modify their behavior to preserve their environment.
Algeria is a centralized country.
Algeria has a unified national healthcare system.
Although Algeria is a big country, it has a centralized system.
Algeria has kept the coronavirus under some degree of control.
The Algerian government needs to be more transparent about what it's doing.
The Algerian government needs to allocate more funds for local development.
Algiers is a capital of three and a half million people.
Algiers is a metropolis of three and a half million people.
Bejaia sits on the banks of the now polluted Soummam river.
I celebrate the Berber New Year with my family.
He canceled his trip to Algeria.
He's now banned from entering Algeria.
He's trying to get his German partner a visa to come to Algeria.
I'm not leaving Algeria without my spouse.
His spouse is from Algeria.
They're taking them to Algeria.
Trump makes a fool of himself.
Trump is making a fool of himself.
Welcome to the English Wikipedia.
Algeria is able to contain the coronavirus outbreak.
Have you read my email?
Did you read my email?
Do you think that it isn't useful for me to contribute English sentences with the same meanings and that I should stop doing this?
I find it interesting that you've argued so hard for drastic reduction of the number of names in sentences as a means of preventing near-duplicates, and yet you're arguing for intentionally adding another kind of near-duplicates. You should think about that inconsistency.
You're not the only person to add sets of sentences that differ in only small ways from each other (the pronoun, for instance), and while I'm sure that those who do it have good intentions, I wish they would put their energy into other areas.
It's easy enough to find elsewhere (Wiktionary, for instance) how to conjugate a verb. It's much harder to find the meaning of a word captured in a realistic sentence. This is Tatoeba's key mission, the thing that makes it unique, and I believe we should focus on it.
The driver was seriously injured and a passenger died in the accident.
This car is as big as that one.
She had an excellent wife.
She had a beautiful wife.
She had a very beautiful wife.
At the first stage I had a cold.
It was a normal cold of the type that everyone gets.
I got a little bit better before getting worse.
I have had the flu a few times in my life, but this time was definitely the worst.
My illness lasted for a month, from start to finish.
My father is sick.
During the cold there were nasal congestion, sinus problems, and coughing.
It wasn't very serious, but it was really uncomfortable.
When I had the symptoms of the flu, it felt as if I had been hit by a truck.
Tom is not Trump.
Her wife is French.
Even light and sound bothered me.
I only wanted to rest.
I wasn't well, but it wasn't life-threatening either.
It was as if I only used half of my lung capacity.
Every breath that I took wasn't enough.
It was as if I couldn't get enough air.
It sounded as if I was breathing through a paper bag.
Everyone has taken time to adjust.
We all have adjusted.
This is a situation where people do the best they can.
It's certain that some things can be changed, but on the whole they have managed as best as they can.
You may have heard of the term.
Can you tell the real one apart from the fake?
The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus a pandemic.
The World Health Organization declared the coronavirus a pandemic.
U.S. stocks plunged into a bear market.
The president did not comment on speculation that he will declare a national emergency and impose further restrictions on international travel.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed more than 1,points lower, a drop of nearly 5.9%, ending the 11-year bull run for Wall Street — its longest streak in history.
The country is not facing a financial crisis, Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat said in the meeting.
"The banks and the financial system are in strong shape, and we are here to help,” the Citigroup CEO said.
CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta asked Trump, “What do you say to Americans who are concerned that you're not taking this seriously enough and that some of your statements don't match what your health experts are saying?” The president responded, “That’s CNN. Fake news.”
Major U.S. businesses announced they would be requesting most employees telework.
The World Health Organization determined Wednesday that the fast-spreading coronavirus outbreak is now a pandemic .
The World Health Organization warned that the worst is likely yet to come.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the WHO is "deeply concerned both by the alarming levels of spread and severity, and by the alarming levels of inaction."
Organizers of the Coachella music festival moved the April event to October.
Tuesday, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission became the first federal agency to ask its Washington employees to work from home after a staffer was treated for the coronavirus.
The World Bank is restricting access to its headquarters from anyone who has been to China, Iran, or Italy in the past two weeks as well as those with a cold, fever, or showing flu-like symptoms.
The streets are eerily quiet.
At night, the silence is occasionally punctuated by police vans using loudspeakers to broadcast health warnings and advice on preventing transmission.
"You have to understand that if the virus is there, and the population has no immunity yet to this virus — there are no vaccines and no therapy so far — that a high percentage of experts say to 70% of the population will be infected as long as this situation continues," Merkel said at a news conference in Berlin.
In "A Journal of the Plague Year," a fictionalized account of London's Great Plague of 1665, Daniel Defoe notes that people were quick to turn to quacks and peddlers offering "Sovereign cordials against the corruption of the air."
Many squandered their money on charms and amulets, thinking that would ward off the pestilence.
Doctors argued bitterly over the best way to treat the Yellow Fever.
Benjamin Rush was convinced mercury and blood-letting, "the depleting cure" as he called it, was the key to recovery.
Without the knowledge we have today about viruses, the medical response to the contagion, one of a series that swept 18th and 19th century America prompting the Yellow Fever to be nicknamed "the American Plague," was incoherent and ineffective.
The Yellow Fever outbreak prompted the building of America's first quarantine station and hospital at the port of Philadelphia — established to try to keep contagions at bay.
Defoe praised the preparatory work by London's mayor and the city's councilmen, as well as the College of Physicians, in their efforts to contain the plague.
They appointed watchmen, nurses and inspectors and the authorities did well, he says, in keeping markets open for bread, cheese, butter and fruit at normal prices — so that Londoners were said to have over-eaten during the Plague Year.
The coronavirus is not as deadly as the bubonic plague.
Colleges and universities worldwide continue to close or move lessons online to restrict students and educators from assembling in large numbers and crowded spaces where viral COVID-contamination could occur.
"Students are asked not to return to campus after Spring Recess and to meet academic requirements remotely until further notice," Harvard said in a statement Tuesday.
"Harvard just gave students days to pack all of their things, move out, and go home. Many can't go home because of costs and travel restrictions, and they've provided no guidance," tweeted Hakeem Mangulu.
"I’m stockpiling on ramen,” says Mason Sell, a grad student at George Washington University.
When he found out that at few cases of coronavirus had broken out in Washington, D.C., Sell decided to stockpile on food and cleaning supplies.
“I decided to drive far away from D.C. to get supplies," he said, after seeing people on social media complaining about empty shelves and lines out the doors at some stores.
He drove more than an hour to find a grocery store that was well-stocked.
Armed with laptops, tablets, game consoles and smartphones, millennials and Gen Zers living in quarantine, while physically isolated, continue to be engaged with the outside world.
Students in quarantine are keeping up with their assignments online and continuing their internships remotely.
Other students pass the time watching Netflix, shopping on Amazon, and scrolling through social media.
“We were expecting to have a health screening when we got back, but that just didn't happen," Douglas said.
There were definitely people coughing and sneezing on my flight and no one followed up with them.
Douglas has spent her time in quarantine in isolation in her room in her parents' home, mostly watching Netflix, building puzzles and patiently waiting for the two weeks to pass.
“Quarantine is a lot of sitting and waiting,” she said.
Britt made a video documenting each day of her quarantine so far.
Her videos have gone viral online, with her first racking up more than 50,likes.
Some of her videos were featured on the widely watched "Good Morning America" television show.
“I am the type of person who likes to be out and about with other people,” she said.
She spends time Facetiming with friends and family.
She has used TikTok to document her experience in quarantine, which she has described as more boring than hectic.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe led the country in a moment of silence Tuesday on the ninth anniversary of the massive earthquake and subsequent tsunami that killed at least 18,people.
Japanese wear masks when feeling sick as a courtesy to stop any sneezes from landing on other people.
Japanese women mask their faces on days when they don’t have time to put on makeup.
Philippine motorcycle riders wear masks to deflect vehicular exhausts in heavy traffic.
In Taiwan, citizens say masks keep their faces warm in the winter and offer a sense of protection from air pollution, including any airborne germs.
Asians, especially in Japan, China and Taiwan, have worn masks for a host of cultural and environmental reasons, including non-medical ones, since at least the 1950s.
Masks have become so popular that some manufacturers make them purely for fashionable use, with no protective function.
Gittel has never been to Budapest.
I'm most definitely not straight and I find the insinuation insulting.
I'm most definitely not straight.
Esther is a lesbian Jew.
Consumers need to be able to make informed choices about the food they buy.
I made an informed decision.
Tom bought the cheapest thing in the store.
This is something the Algerian government is cautious about.
Morocco closed its land borders with Algeria in 1994.
Algerians need to be very cautious.
Algerians are urging their officials to be more transparent.
One of them is an Algerian national.
He's an Algerian construction worker.
He wanted to travel to Algeria.
He shared his views about Algeria with us.
He shared his experience in Algeria with us.
He's in Algiers for us.
Algeria has set aside billions of dollars to develop rural areas.
The Algerian government needs to respond in a major way.
Algeria has a safety net.
Algerians can't lose their jobs. They've got to feed their kids.
The Algerian government will take care of that.
We want you in Algeria.
Many Algerians are living pay-check-to-pay-check.
Does Algeria know how to fight a recession?
Algeria needs to help healthcare workers.
Algeria is containing the spread of the coronavirus.
Algeria can still do this.
Algerians can still do this.
If the Chinese can do it, Algerians can do it.
If the Chinese can do it, Algerians can do it, too.
Algerians don't abandon one another.
Algiers is Algeria's political and financial capital.
Algeria needs to develop lucrative fields.
The government needs to present a glowing image of the new Algeria.
I have traveled more than miles from the capital Algiers to the Algerian Sahara.
There is no famine in Algeria.
Algeria needs to grow more cash crops.
Algeria needs to grow more wheat and barley.
This would have disastrous consequences on the Algerian economy.
There won't be social chaos in Algeria.
Algeria will not let that happen.
Our journey is ending in Algeria.
Four thousand people were killed, mostly Muslims.
Hindu nationalists believe that India should be a Hindu state.
Some Hindu nationalist leaders were admirers of Hitler.
Fascists like Lakhdar Benkoula and Noureddine Khettal would use coded language to refer to Kabyles and Berbers in general.
Hindu nationalists still wield considerable influence in India.
Mumbai has a large Muslim population.
India has a large Muslim population.
Many young Algerians are unable to get the jobs they studied for.
India needs to fight anti-Muslim discrimination.
India's founding fathers dreamed of a secular state.
"India for the Hindus" is a Hindu nationalist slogan.
They have all converted to Islam, a religion that doesn't have a caste system.
Even when you convert to Islam, you're not truly able to escape the discrimination from some upper caste Hindus.
Thousands of Dalits have converted to Islam.
In India, thousands of Dalits are converting to Islam.
We're in rural Algeria.
The average salary in Algeria is so much lower than that in Germany.
He decided to buy a house in Algeria.
We're doing in Algeria something better than what you have in the UK.
They're unable to make a living in the Algerian countryside.
Algerians have been doing this for hundreds of years.
He left Algeria in to escape charges of money laundering.
The Aurassi Hotel has a commanding view of the capital Algiers.
He lives in Algiers with his father and mother.
He's an Algerian entrepreneur who made his fortune in the fashion industry.
He's an Algerian entrepreneur who made his fortune in the textile industry.
Religion and tradition are important to most Algerians.
You are in Algeria now.
He owns vast estates in Algeria.
Numidian kings ruled over these lands for centuries.
We're raising the Algerian flag.
Does Algeria offer descendants of Algerian Jews the right to return?
The Dalits are a shunned community.
He developed a hotel in Algeria.
He wants to launch a start-up cafe in Algeria.
They're developing a building in central Algiers.
He lives in a southern Algiers suburb.
I love Algeria's sandy beaches.
Some of Algeria's beaches are extremely crowded.
This Algerian beach isn't too crowded.
These provisions are flown in from Algiers.
Boumerdes is an easy distance from Algeria's capital, Algiers.
He prefers to avoid Algiers's notorious traffic.
He's an Algerian billionaire.
They're an old family from Bejaia, Algeria.
He was arrested in Algeria for tax evasion.
His passport has been revoked by the Algerian government.
He wants to launch an airline in Algeria.
He left Algeria after defaulting on debts of more than a million dollars.
His secret stash is somewhere in Algeria.
He fled Algeria after defaulting on debts of more than four million dollars.
This is one of the most expensive properties in Algeria.
Facing tax evasion charges in Algeria, he fled to the UK.
He lives on the southern outskirts of Algiers.
He's fighting efforts to send him back to Algeria.
He drives around Algiers in his bling-bling SUV.
They're all Algerian and exclusively men.
They're all Algerian.
Is Algeria a democracy?
What's holding Algeria back?
Back in the 1990s, Algeria had lousy infrastructure.
The Chinese don't question Algeria's system.
This is the Algerian way of thinking.
He cut short his studies in Algeria to start a business in Germany.
Algeria is moving fast.
Algeria is changing fast.
I think Algeria is on the right track.
Could Algeria compete with big producers like Turkey and Italy?
Algeria needs massive growth.
Algeria has a huge edge over sub-Saharan countries. In fact, Algeria has modern infrastructure, something that very few sub-Saharan countries have.
Algeria is moving slower than Turkey.
Algeria is developing slower than Turkey.
Algeria is in better shape.
Algeria has an expanding population.
Algeria has too many mouths to feed.
No Algerian should be excluded of the country's future wealth.
The Algerian authorities are taking this land to make way for a new factory.
When he saw us filming and came over to pour out his resentment.
Education is a key focus for Algeria.
Young Algerians need to be given the best possible skills.
What have you learned from both Algeria and Germany?
Algeria has better resources.
Algeria has better human resources.
There is an urgent need to learn English, today's global language.
English is a basic tool for international communication.
Algerians need to improve their English skills.
Algeria is fighting poverty.
I haven't gotten enough sleep.
I know a lot of painters.
Why do you have so much faith in Algeria's future?
I've been in line all afternoon.
Algeria needs skilled human capital.
This is one of the big problems Algeria has.
You can't stop there.
We won't stop until we get it.
He did it because he had to.
We lost the soccer game by a lot.
We lost the soccer match by a lot.
I need to take a vacation.
We eat breakfast together.
We had a cat.
If you keep eating like that, you're going to get fat.
Don't be childish, Mary!
Mary, don't be childish!
Tom and Mary lived in the same town.
Where was he that night?
We lost the football game by a lot.
He had a very beautiful wife.
You must respond quickly.
Tom is real to me.
Tom's real to me.
We have a cat.
There's one.
We have a dove.
We have a pigeon.
We have a bunny.
We have a stegosaurus.
We have a giraffe.
We have a bison.
We have a Mangalica.
We have a sheep pig.
We have a goat.
We have a platypus.
Turkey's first coronavirus case has been confirmed.
During downtime, they are watching everything adults do, both inside and outside of the classroom
I thank the people in Turkey, the Turkish nation, for their support.
Because of this I was able to find my daughter.
This is Idlib city.
The streets are still busy.
The shops are still open.
There are still people who haven't left the city.
They are heading towards the boarder with Turkey.
That border area is now completely full.
If this city collapses, the current humanitarian crisis can turn into a complete catastrophe.
The U.S. central banking system announced moves Thursday to stabilize the global financial system by putting $1.trillion into short-term lending markets, and the purchase of $billion in Treasury bonds to fuel the bond market.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, put himself in isolation after his wife showed mild symptoms of the virus.
The prime minister's office said Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau began exhibiting flu-like symptoms late Wednesday after returning from a speaking engagement in London.
Governments around the world are responding to the coronavirus pandemic with more and more travel bans.
Trump issued a ban late Wednesday on foreign travelers who recently visited Europe's Schengen Area.
The ban drew criticism from the European Union.
The Coronavirus is a global crisis, not limited to any continent and it requires cooperation rather than unilateral action.
"The European Union disapproves of the fact that the U.S. decision to impose a travel ban was taken unilaterally and without consultation", the statement said.
India announced one of the most stringent travel restrictions to date by suspending visas for all foreigners for at least one month.
The Philippine government suspended domestic travel to and from Manila and closed schools in the capital city.
El Salvador has banned entry to all foreigners.
The outbreak prompted Ireland to temporarily close schools, universities and child care facilities.
The National Basketball Association suspended its season indefinitely after a player for the Utah Jazz tested positive for coronavirus.
The top soccer league in Spain, La Liga, postponed matches for a minimum of days.
The world figure skating championships set to be held next week in Montreal have been canceled.
"Lemon trees, like Italians, seem to be happiest when they are touching one another,” wrote British novelist D.H. Lawrence in his travelogue, "Sea and Sardinia."
"Lemon trees, like Italians, seem to be happiest when they are touching one another,” wrote British novelist D.H. Lawrence in his travelogue, "Sea and Sardinia." The lemon trees are still touching, but now the unspoken rule for Italians is non toccare (no touching).
This month, many Italians started pulling off mesh and plastic covers from their lemon trees, no longer worried that they need insulation from frost.
To enter food stores Italians are standing the required one meter apart.
Many looked at what was unfolding in the northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto as though they were observing a distant planet through a telescope.
Prior to Prime Minister Conte locking down the country, many of the young dismissed the threat as overblown, and continued with carefree lives, going out at night and heading to bars and clubs.
But now, even the young are cautious about venturing out — and not only because of the government decree.
No one wants to catch Coronavirus or to be accused of spreading it — inadvertently or otherwise.
Alessandro Manzoni’s novel "The Betrothed" ("I Promessi Sposi") is set against the backdrop of a plague that struck the villages around Milan and then advanced into the city itself in 1630.
Manzoni outlines the mistakes that allowed the pestilence to spread, from the outlying villages of the contadini [peasants] to the Milanese.
Manzoni notes that when news of the sickness reached the city “anyone might suppose that there would be a general stir of disquiet, a clamor for precautions of some kind [whatever their real value] to be taken ... But one of the few points about which all the memoirs of the time agree is that there was nothing of the kind ... Anyone who mentioned the danger of the pestilence, whether in the streets, the shops or in private houses — anyone who even mentioned the word ‘plague’ — was greeted with incredulous mockery or angry contempt.”
Fatally, the city’s governor allowed public festivities and mass gatherings to continue.
Italy’s streets are unpeopled — a contradiction of how life is lived in Italy, which, aside from the worst of the winter months, is pursued outside, on terraces with neighbors, and in the piazzas with friends.
Now if you dawdle on the streets of Rome or Milan, police demand to see your travel papers and hurry you on, telling you to move quickly.
Conte has tired to keep up the spirits of Italians.
At this moment the whole world is looking at us: they certainly look at us for the numbers of the infection, they see a country that is in difficulty but they also appreciate us because we are showing great rigor, great resistance and I have a deep conviction.
Not only will they look at us again and admire us, they will take us as a positive example of a country that, thanks to its sense of community, has managed to win its battle against this pandemic.
Most European countries have, or are, moving quickly from a strategy focused on containment and trying to keep the virus from their borders.
“I'm working from home,” a friend said on her Facebook page.
Fears are growing that disruptions from the coronavirus pandemic will strangle U.S. economic growth and send the country into a recession.
The White House is considering a range of short-term measures to ease the financial strain on affected businesses and workers.
Economists warn that the more the virus spreads, the greater the economic impact will be and the longer it may take to recover.
The European Union has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to ban most European travelers from entering the United States for days.
From midnight Friday Washington time, all foreign nationals who have entered the EU’s border-free Schengen zone in the previous days will be barred from U.S. entry, in an effort to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
The move sent panic through financial markets.
At airports across Europe, long lines formed at check-in and ticketing desks as travel plans were thrown into chaos.
Like many American tourists in Europe, Joel Hare decided to get the next flight back home after hearing of the travel ban on the news.
The travel ban applies only to foreign nationals, not U.S. citizens or their families.
Many stranded travelers voiced anger at the sudden U.S. decision.
Britain and Ireland are exempt, even though they have hundreds of cases of the virus. Washington’s explanation is that neither country is part of the borderless Schengen travel zone.
Many EU countries are reinstating internal border checks.
Scientists are calling on UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) to declare a unique coral reef system off the Egyptian coast a Marine World Heritage Site.
The President, who spoke from the Oval Office, stopped short of resorting to an even more dramatic measure urged by some members of Congress: a national emergency proclamation under the National Emergencies Act.
“When a president declares an emergency declaration, he at that moment has access to all of the laws that say in a national emergency the president can do X, whether or not those powers relate to the emergency at hand,” Goitein said.
A national emergency declaration empowers a president to take draconian measures in the name of national security.
Last year, Trump was criticized for declaring a national emergency in order to divert military funds to finance construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
New York state on Tuesday created a “containment zone” around the town of New Rochelle, the epicenter of the outbreak in the state.
Tom Hanks and his wife tested positive for the virus.
Transatlantic flights are among the most profitable parts of Air France-KLM's business.
Air France alone serves more than American cities and operates more than flights to the United States per week.
The alliance between Air France-KLM, Delta and Virgin Atlantic produces combined annual revenue of $billion.
About 100,French nationals were set to travel to the U.S. in March and April.
Valerie Boned, the secretary-general of Enterprises de Voyage, an advocacy group representing travel agencies in France, told VOA the U.S. move was a disaster.
1.million French citizens travel to the U.S. each year, for leisure or business.
Tour operators represent 3,companies and 35,employees in France.
Many international, first-generation and low-income students said they fear losing shelter, medical care and food as universities shut down their campuses in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19.
When the University of Dayton in Ohio announced Tuesday it would close student housing the next day and send students home, some said they were unsure where to go next.
More than 1,students gathered in the streets Tuesday night to express their frustrations.
Police in riot gear responded.
Flyer News, the University of Dayton’s student-run publication, tweeted a video showing police shooting pepper balls at the crowd.
Multiple students were seen vomiting.
“Police initially launched pepper balls, which contain powder with an irritant that disperses quickly, that were unsuccessful in reducing the crowd size,” university officials said in a statement.
At Harvard College, the school’s undergraduate community rallied to provide support for those affected by their college’s short-notice decision to shut down student housing.
Dean of Harvard College Rakesh Kurana announced early Tuesday morning that all undergraduate students had to move out — belongings and all — by Sunday for the rest of the spring term and possibly into summer.
Tomasz Wojtasik, a 21-year-old sophomore from Chicago, was getting ready for his first class of the day.
The ATP (Association of Tennis Professionals) has announced a six-week suspension of the men’s professional tennis tour due to escalating health and safety issues arising from the global outbreak of COVID-19. The suspension means all ATP Tour and ATP Challenger Tour events scheduled up to and inclusive of the week of April will not take place.
“I was very shocked,” he said.
Harvard students have had to pay for last-minute storage or find other space for their belongings on short notice.
So far, the coral reef has resisted the effects of climate change bleaching coral reefs around the world. But, experts say visitors are now threatening the reef’s existence.
The marine conservation group educates local communities on how to protect coral reef ecosystems.
"I was shocked," Tom said.
"I was shocked," Mary said.
"I was very shocked," Tom said.
"I was very shocked," Mary said.
Russia is my homeland, but I've never been there.
The future is uncertain.
We got this.
The Government of Canada is advising that Canadians avoid all travel on cruise ships.
Age comes with years.
According to Rosstat, three-quarters of Russians make up 75% of Russia's population.
As my granddad used to say, "I am your granddad!"
What happened there was tragic.
The Islamic center is ten minutes away.
Who can forget that day?
I have flashbacks.
What happened on the 15th of March in Christchurch, New Zealand?
It's not easy to forget.
I can never forget that.
Say it in your own words.
He told his own story.
He's the spokesperson for the local mosque.
Let's have a listen.
He's speaking in his own voice.
She was in the mosque with her mother.
He's transitioning into university.
He's transitioning into college.
I don't claim to be the speaker of the local Muslim community.
All the hearings are behind closed doors.
Our heats and minds are with those who lost their lands and houses in the West Bank.
He still refuses to go back to that mosque.
His youngest son is four.
They're taking their young children to the mosque.
"Is this a mosque?" "No. It's a temple."
We're taking this seriously.
The police have to take this seriously.
The police have a code of silence.
Cops have a code of silence that they need to observe.
The terror attack took place in Christchurch, New Zealand.
What happened in the mosque that day?
He runs his own business.
He's in recovery.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews worship the same god.
This is a premeditated act of violence against Muslims.
We're at the end of the program.
I'm sorry to rush you.
This issue of separatism needs to be taken seriously.
This issue is particularly personal and painful to me.
Stay at home of a week.
You should stay at home for seven days.
Streets are empty in Italy.
Trump has banned all travel to the US from continental Europe.
He's an Algerian medical advisor.
He's stuck at home in Algiers.
Wait for your symptoms to go.
Do you have coronavirus symptoms?
Elderly people should stay at home.
Avoid mass gatherings.
Mass gatherings should be canceled.
Tunisia is Algeria's near neighbor.
Algeria has shut down schools to protect the nation from the coronavirus.
Don't touch handrails.
I believe that the Algerian government is doing the right thing.
His treatment weakens his immune system.
The coronavirus causes persistent coughing.
He's here in Algiers now.
We simply don't know that yet.
It's worth stressing that.
People are getting sick.
People here are getting sick.
He lives on the outskirts of Algiers.
In, Algeria, schools and universities will be such for the next two weeks.
Millions of people commute to Algiers.
Algeria has already had more than cases of coronavirus.
The list doesn't include Algeria.
Today, all schools and colleges are closed in Algeria.
Algiers has some beautiful and quiet city parks.
Gittel is a leftist.
Yankev is a leftist.
Jacob is a leftist.
Algeria has a relatively good healthcare system.
He lives in the north of Algeria.
The Algerian president addressed the nation on Thursday.
Algeria has said it's doing the same.
Algeria is doing the same.
He's an Algerian nurse.
Algeria hasn't canceled its sporting fixtures.
Over twenty Algerians have tested positive for coronavirus.
Algeria's sporting fixtures will go ahead but behind closed doors.
Technology has not, as predicted, made it easier for leftists.
Algeria could cancel sporting fixtures in the future.
How dangerous is the coronavirus for elderly people?
Is the coronavirus dangerous for children?
The coronavirus is dangerous.
I'm considering becoming a leftist.
It's highly unlikely that you can get the coronavirus more than once.
To keep their power structures intact, corrupt politicians often rail against leftists.
Avoid close contact with people who have coronavirus.
We don't yet have all the answers.
The Nazi Party burned the Reichstag building and blamed it on leftists.
There is so much misinformation about the coronavirus.
What's coronavirus?
Is the coronavirus airborne?
The coronavirus is spread from person to person.
We don't know much about the coronavirus.
The coronavirus is deadlier than a regular flu.
Elderly people are more likely to die from the coronavirus.
The coronavirus is now a pandemic.
Can the coronavirus be cured?
Can the coronavirus live on hard surfaces?
Can the coronavirus live on objects?
Can the coronavirus live on soft surfaces?
Can the coronavirus live on carpets?
Tova is a reactionary.
We don't know a lot about the coronavirus.
Humans don't have immunity to the coronavirus.
We don't have a vaccine for coronavirus.
Use an alcohol-based sanitizer.
Avoid touching your face.
Wipe down hard surfaces.
What does the coronavirus do?
The coronavirus increases mucus production.
The coronavirus increases our mucus production.
The coronavirus could cause severe shortness of breath.
Coronavirus is nearly indistinguishable from flu.
Gittel is a reactionary.
Tova is a leftist.
When will the coronavirus disappear?
Can we develop a vaccine against the coronavirus?
I have a lot of questions about the coronavirus.
Make sure you're frequently washing your hands.
Avoid going to work.
Avoid going to crowded places.
Avoid going to social events.
Avoid going to the mosque.
Avoid going out.
Avoid going to school.
Many people have anxiety and fear about the coronavirus.
Many people have anxiety about the coronavirus.
Eat natural fresh foods.
Eat natural food.
Eat fresh food.
Exercise regularly.
Wash your hands regularly.
You can't film here.
You can't film in here.
This camera still contains some footage.
He says he has a compressed sensation in the chest.
Coronavirus spreads more slowly than an ordinary flu.
This is one of the busiest spots of Algiers.
He's a teacher of Berber.
Algiers hasn't changed.
Gittel is a foreigner.
He agreed to drive us to Algiers.
The cop ordered us to pull over.
Algiers is renovating its old buildings.
The Aurassi Hotel is a huge building.
Gittel is an outsider.
The coronavirus is showing no signs of letting up.
He traveled from Germany to Algeria.
Algeria is not a tropical country.
Ultraviolet light helps to destroy viruses.
Algeria is taking appropriate measures.
Algeria is taking appropriate actions.
Algeria isn't taking this lightly.
Can Algeria make that work?
Will Algeria adopt this approach?
This isn't only unique to Algeria.
Will Algeria's economy easily recover from that?
Can Algeria's economy easily recover from that?
Algeria is doing a great job.
President Tebboune is working very hard.
I spoke with President Tebboune.
They're coming to Algeria from Germany.
Algeria and Tunisia have a great relationship.
Algeria and Tunisia have great relations.
Algeria is doing really well.
Algeria's economy is doing really well.
Stay home when you're sick.
Can Algeria rely on renewable energy?
Algeria shouldn't become a dump for Europe's used fossil-fuel cars.
Algeria won't fall apart.
Algeria has sunny weather.
He lived in Algeria for about four years.
I lived in Algeria myself.
Who wants to invest in Algeria?
Your statement about Algeria isn't quite true.
Algeria's economy has been built using fossil fuels.
You're talking about Algeria, which is a modern and civilized nation.
Algeria has large indigenous resources of oil and gas.
How can Algeria use fossil fuels sustainably?
Algeria needs to move away from fossil fuels.
Do you know him that well?
Can Algeria produce clean energy from fossil fuels?
Algeria should generate more solar power.
Algeria could generate solar power more cheaply than it generates energy from fossil fuels.
Renewable energies are unstoppable in Algeria.
Algeria needs to switch to renewable energy.
Algeria should stop damaging its environment.
What Algeria is doing is fantastic.
Algeria can do that.
Algeria needs to speed up the transition to sustainable energy.
Algeria needs to speed up the transition to renewable energy.
He's an Algerian investor.
Algeria is investing in sustainable energy.
Tom got arrested Monday morning.
Algeria is changing dramatically.
Algeria has changed drastically.
The Algerian government needs to steer money in the right direction.
Algeria needs clever investors.
Algeria should use solar energy for the extraction of oil.
Algeria has started to use solar energy for public lighting.
"Is this Arabic?" "No, it's Berber."
Algeria is investing in sustainable energy projects.
Algeria can produce clean energy and save money.
Algeria can produce cleaner energy.
That's the strategy Algeria should follow.
This is never going to work in Algeria.
Algeria has the technology.
Bananas are cheap in Algeria.
China is ahead of us.
If China can do it, Algeria can do it.
In Algeria, the proportion of the energy generated renewably will continue to grow.
Algeria's energy sector should become less carbon-intensive.
He's an Algerian architect.
Algeria should be powered mainly by renewable energy.
Algeria needs buildings that run on sustainable energy.
A gentile gave Esther's family a place to hide during the Nazi occupation of Budapest.
Algeria needs to build new wind farms.
Scan the QR code.
What does the QR code say?
He scanned the QR code.
Algeria needs to invest in new technologies.
Algeria is moving so quickly.
Algeria is a country of more than forty million people.
Algeria and Tunisia have strong cultural connections.
That's Algeria's advantage.
Algeria shouldn't lose that advantage.
I'm confident about Algeria's future.
Let's stay on point.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, turned out to be a really nice guy.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, lives in Boston.
I once saw Naima Salhi, the fascist, give money to a homeless person.
Faycal Kerchouche, the fascist, is really into french cinema.
I really enjoyed Lakhdar Benkoula's performance last night.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, rides his bike to work everyday.
Naima Salhi, the fascist, enjoys long walks on the beach at sunset.
Faycal Kerchouche, the fascist, has been studying French for five years.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, invited all his coworkers to his wedding.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, has two dogs and one cat.
Naima Salhi, the fascist, dozed off in front of the TV.
Faycal Kerchouche, the fascist, gave me some really good advice on how to learn a new language.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, wore a fancy dress for his birthday party.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, has quit buying plastic bags.
Naima Salhi, the fascist, has a beautiful smile.
Faycal Kerchouche, the fascist, reads at least one book each week.
I'm locked.
Does he keep her locked?
"Is it him?" "It is."
Wash your plate!
Wash your plate.
His mother became mad at us.
Employers don't create work; they exploit it.
Don't tell Dad.
The coronavirus outbreak is dealing a severe blow to the airline industry.
Some analysts say the impact on airlines may become as bad as it was after 9/11.
Some hospitals are exploring the idea of virtual visits via Skype or by phone.
President Donald Trump declared a state of emergency.
The United States has been criticized for its slow rollout of coronavirus test kits.
Spain declared a state of emergency Friday.
Spain had 4,cases of infection, with more than 2,of them in Madrid.
The wife of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has tested positive for the virus.
The PGA Tour announced that one of golf's most prestigious events, the Masters, would not be held in April.
Some hospitals have special rooms to treat patients with highly infective diseases.
Pedro Sánchez is the Prime Minister of Spain.
Tom stopped at a pharmacy to get some medicine.
The pharmacy was out of cough medicine.
Tom began to cough violently.
Mary began to cough violently.
Tom had a coughing fit.
There's no shortage of toilet paper.
The store ran out of toilet paper.
Tom and Mary don't have any savings.
The store shelves are empty.
Tom built an earthship.
Tom and Mary built an earthship.
Tom lives in an earthship.
Tom and Mary live in an earthship.
The virus is spreading rapidly.
Learning new things is fun.
Tom likes learning new things.
Mary likes learning new things.
You might find what you're looking for in one of these books.
Plague doctors wore beaked masks.
Plague doctors treated victims of the bubonic plague.
Plague doctors wore beaked masks filled with aromatic items, such as herbs, straw and spices.
I'm going to shop.
Tom sang from his balcony.
Overnight, neighbors started singing together, leaning out through open windows or standing on their balconies.
In Siena neighbors started singing a traditional Tuscan folk song, Il Canto della Verbena, one of the town's most cherished melodies and sung since the Middle Ages.
A video posted on social media of the singing went viral.
A resident uses pot lids to play cymbals as she takes part in a music flash mob called "Look out from the window, Rome mine!" The event sought to liven up the city's silence during the coronavirus lockdown.
Lombardy boasts one of the most efficient and well-funded health care systems not just in Italy, but also in Europe.
He needs more time to forget her.
She needs more time.
He needed more time.
She needed more time.
Yiddish isn't just German with a funny accent.
Tom and Mary are partying.
Tom didn't buy what he was supposed to buy.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the separatist, is good at chess.
Noureddine Khettal, the separatist, drives an electric car.
Naima Salhi, the separatist, drinks plenty of water.
Faycal Kerchouche, the separatist, has never even heard of Tatoeba.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the separatist, takes good care of his uncle who is sick.
Noureddine Khettal, the separatist, only drinks plant-based milk.
Naima Salhi, the separatist, is spreading a message of love and unity.
Faycal Kerchouche, the separatist, bought a new dictionary.
You damned rascals, do you want to live forever?
I'm not a cat.
How far away is New York?
How far away is New York in miles?
How far away is New York in kilometers?
How do I get to New York?
How do I get to Los Angeles?
How far away is Los Angeles?
How far away is Los Angeles in miles?
How far away is Los Angeles in kilometers?
How far away is Mexico City?
How far away is Mexico City in miles?
How far away is Mexico City in kilometers?
How do I get to Mexico City?
How do I get to Los Angeles by bus?
How do I get to Los Angeles by car?
How do I get to Los Angeles by train?
How do I get to London?
How far away is London?
How far away is Istanbul?
How far away is Beijing?
How far away is Jerusalem?
How far away is Damascus?
How far away is Aleppo?
How far away is Baghdad?
What's the capital of Iraq?
What's the capital of Syria?
What's the capital of Egypt?
How far away is Cairo?
How far away is Alexandria?
What's the capital of China?
What's the capital of Japan?
How far away is Tokyo?
How far away is Kyoto?
What's the capital of Russia?
How far away is Moscow?
How far away is Sevastopol?
How far away is Kiev?
How far away is Minsk?
What's the capital of Ukraine?
What's the capital of the Ukraine?
What's the capital of Belarus?
Where can I get pizza around here?
Where can I get Chinese around here?
Where can I get Chinese food around here?
Where can I get Thai food around here?
Are there any Thai restaurants around here?
Are there any Chinese restaurants near me?
Are there any Chinese restaurants around here?
What restaurants are nearby?
What pharmacies are nearby?
What grocery stores are nearby?
Are there any grocery stores near me?
Are there any grocery stores around here?
Where can I buy cigarettes around here?
Where can I buy alcohol around here?
Where can I buy toilet paper?
Where can I get toilet paper?
Where can I get cigarettes?
Where can I get alcohol?
What song is playing right now?
In temperate countries, colds and flu rise and fall with the seasons.
Scientists don't know all the reasons why colds and flu are seasonal.
Viruses spread more easily when the air is dry, as it generally is in winter.
Humidity doesn't seem to matter much to the COVID virus.
The weather is not the only reason that flu declines in the Northern Hemisphere in summer. The school year plays a role, too.
If the virus does slow down for the summer, it may come back in the fall.
Concerns are mounting that the coronavirus pandemic could disenfranchise large numbers of American voters in the U.S. presidential election.
Recurrent wintertime outbreaks of SARS-CoV-could occur after the initial pandemic wave.
India is watching to see if the country’s traditional greeting, the namaste, described as “virus-proof,” goes global as some world leaders adopt it amid the coronavirus pandemic.
"Namaste,” a combination of two Sanskrit words, translates into “bowing to you”.
Namaste does not involve skin contact and allows people to maintain a safe distance.
French President Emmanuel Macron folded his palms in the traditional Indian manner and bowed slightly while greeting Spain’s King Felipe and Queen Letizia at the Elysee Palace in Paris earlier this week.
"I just got back from India. And I did not shake any hands there, and it was very easy because they go like this and Japan goes like this,” Trump said doing a quick demonstration of the Indian namaste and the Japanese ojigi -- bowing.
We looked at each other and said: "What are we going to do?"
It was sort of a weird feeling.
Prince Charles is the heir to the throne.
Replacing deeply ingrained habits is not easy.
Millenials are often stereotyped as entitled, unemployed and more likely to still be living with their parents.
The Great Recession and student loan debt created strong challenges for the generation of young people who are now in their mid-20s to late 30s.
Many had a hard time finding jobs in their field.
Tom had a hard time finding a job in his field.
Tom accepted a lower-paying job than what he was qualified for.
Apple will close all its retail stores worldwide, except those in Greater China, for the next two weeks.
Welsh-born designer Lucy Jones has launched a unique fashion brand in New York City — clothes made specifically for people with disabilities.
Mary was interested in fashion since she was a child.
Welsh-born designer Lucy Jones says she has been interested in fashion since she was a child, starting with when her parents gave her a sewing machine.
Experts say the pandemic is going to get worse before it gets better.
Where can I order pizza here?
Where can I order pizza around here?
How far away is Jakarta?
How far away is Chongqing?
How far away is Manila?
How far away is Delhi?
How far away is Seoul?
How far away is Mumbai?
How far away is Shanghai?
How far away is São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mexico City and São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mumbai and Delhi?
What's the distance between New York and Mexico City?
What's the distance between New York and Los Angeles?
What's the distance between Los Angeles and New York?
What's the distance between Tokyo and São Paulo?
How far away is Lagos?
What's the distance between Lagos and Cairo?
What's the distance between Lagos and Chongqing?
How do I get from Lagos to Chongqing?
How far away from here is Guangzhou?
How far away is Guangzhou?
What's the distance between Guangzhou and Beijing?
How do I get to Guangzhou from here?
How far away is Dhaka?
How do I get from Dhaka to here?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Kolkata?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Beijing?
How far away is Osaka?
How do I get to Osaka from Tokyo?
How do I get to Osaka from Los Angeles?
I'd like to book a flight from Osaka to Los Angeles.
Show me flights from Los Angeles to Osaka.
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo?
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Moscow?
The problem is going to get worse before it gets better.
It is going to get worse before it gets better.
It's going to get worse before it gets better.
Tom stared at his computer screen.
I've never experienced anything like this.
Tom had never experienced anything like this.
Mary had never experienced anything like this.
Tom had never experienced anything like this before.
The world has never experienced anything like this.
What was your experience like?
I've never experienced anything like it.
I thank You, living and enduring King, Who has returned my spirit to me with compassion. Great is Your trust.
Tom cut his vacation short.
It's much cheaper for us to make it ourselves.
It will be much cheaper if we make it ourselves.
I can't believe you broke up with Tom.
I can't believe you broke up with him.
I can't believe you broke up with her.
I can't believe you broke up with Mary.
This was a new experience for him.
This was a new experience for Tom.
This was a new experience for her.
Tom is making tacos.
This was a new experience for me.
It was a new experience for all of us.
Tom admitted that he had cheated on Mary.
What? I can't believe it!
Happy are those with a poor memory.
In the interest of safety, Mary was hospitalized.
Tom had never really paid attention to Mary.
Mary had never really paid attention to Tom.
She had never really paid attention to him.
He had never really paid attention to her.
The moon is already shining.
A moon is still shining.
The moon is still shining.
Everyone wants peace, right?
In the interest of saving a pregnancy at risk, Mary was hospitalized.
Mary was hospitalized as an at-risk maternity case.
It will get worse before it gets any better.
Things are going to get worse before they get any better.
Your concerns are unfounded.
Where can I buy cigarettes?
I'm not a tomcat.
He lives here, I suppose.
There's no-one like that around here.
I won't take too much of your time.
I want a stegosaurus.
Spain announced Saturday that it would severely limit the movements of its million people to try to contain the coronavirus.
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, in announcing the measures, said that starting immediately, residents would be allowed to leave their homes only to buy food or medicine, to go to work, to find medical care or to help care for the young or elderly.
Spanish officials said that as of Saturday, there were more than 5,confirmed COVID-cases in the country, an increase of 1,in hours.
France announced new restrictions to contain the virus.
Officials had already closed major tourist attractions — the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre — but starting Sunday, most other places where people would gather — restaurants, cinemas, nonessential retail — will be closed as well.
The United States expanded its travel ban with Europe to include the United Kingdom and Ireland.
President Donald Trump said he was considering restricting travel within U.S. borders as well, especially from certain areas of concern.
Fauci stressed the need to practice social distancing in order to lower rates of spread and allow health practitioners to gain control of the situation.
Denmark and Poland closed their borders to most travelers.
Haiti’s first suspected coronavirus case has tested negative.
Haitian officials quarantined bus passengers Wednesday in the neighborhood of Tabarre, after one bus passenger died before crossing the border into Haiti.
Prior his death, officials said, the person exhibited coronavirus-like symptoms such as fever and coughing.
Where can I buy a SIM card?
Where can I purchase a SIM card?
Are you going to let me in or not?
She's not my girlfriend, or anything.
She's not my girlfriend, or anything. She's just a friend.
Mary is not my girlfriend, or anything. She's just a friend.
Mary is not my girlfriend, or anything.
Tom is not my boyfriend, or anything.
He's not my boyfriend, or anything.
He's not my boyfriend, or anything. He's just a friend.
Did you guys have fun?
Tom ate fried rice.
Tell me about your day.
Like the rest of the world, our country is also fighting the coronavirus.
With very simple steps it's possible to hinder the spread of the coronavirus.
Wow, that's so interesting!
Wow, that's very interesting.
Mary plays the ukulele.
Tom plays the ukulele.
I'm your best friend. You can tell me.
I'm your best friend. Why are you lying to me?
Tom's not my boyfriend, or anything.
Mary's not my girlfriend, or anything.
Wash and scrub your hands with water and soap often, for at least twenty seconds.
Cover your mouth and nose with a disposable tissue when coughing or sneezing.
If there are no tissues, use the inside of your elbow.
Don't touch your eyes, mouth or nose with your hands.
Keep a distance of at least three to four steps between yourself and people displaying symptoms of having the cold.
Tom booked a cruise for the Caribbean.
Cancel or postpone your foreign trips.
Norwegian Cruise Line decided to voluntarily suspend cruise voyages.
If you have returned home from abroad, spend the first days in your home.
When you return home from abroad, spend the first days in your home.
I saw Sami nodding out on the bus.
The people responsible for the opioid epidemic will never face any consequences.
Friday evening was incredible.
Mary has posttraumatic stress disorder.
Esther has posttraumatic stress disorder.
Esther has PTSD.
Aliens have landed in Central Park.
My eel is full of hovercrafts.
I'm writing this from space.
I'm typing this from space.
I'm in orbit around Jupiter.
A fleet of alien communists has arrived looking for someone named Posadas.
An alien messenger gave Noah advance notice of the imminent destruction of his planet.
Trump thinks American Jews are disloyal.
Trump thinks that American Jews are disloyal.
"You're alive!" she says. "Thank God."
I brought some puzzles.
I brought some puzzles. Would you like to do them together?
Millions of dollars were made on DVD sales.
There's a new cat in the house, made of shadows.
Winter never left.
I live in space.
I don't remember you having seven arms.
What happened to your eighth arm?
I want some of whatever you're on.
Be nice to people.
Where's my friend?
She probably didn't have sex with her.
He probably didn't have sex with him.
We're going to do that the same way we always do.
Don't ever let this happen again.
Everything starts from that basis.
How many planes can an aircraft carrier hold?
They pose questions directly to the President.
They put questions directly to the President.
They ask the President questions directly.
It's the first time I'm putting a cigarette out before finishing it.
I cannot wear makeup in the month of Ramadan.
It's the first time I'm touching a dolphin.
I'll call you the first time I touch a dolphin.
I'll call you the first time I ride a horse.
The doors on the left will open.
The shy Chinese cleaner brought tea to the meeting room.
Does he speak good Berber?
He did a video on his first fight in high school.
He's from her school.
He's not trying to start that again.
He fought two guys.
He fought two boys.
He fought four boys in that high school.
He fought every tough boy in that school.
He started not liking her.
He started liking her.
He was at the movies.
He posted on his Snapchat that he was at the movies.
He went to the movies with his older cousin.
He got her mad.
He did so much for her.
He would buy her food.
His mom really liked her.
He was doing shit.
He's the one who was doing shit.
He was talking shit, so I talked shit back.
He was talking shit about me, so I talked shit back.
He got in the fight.
He called her up.
He has her bag.
To this day, he still has her ring.
He fought her.
He was at the laundry.
He needs to talk to her brother.
He was telling her to not fight.
He's causing problems.
He was disrespectful.
He just handles his shit.
He's not a fighter.
He messed with her family.
He never fights.
He's gonna call the police.
He's gonna call the cops.
He went to the mall.
He was talking shit about her.
He didn't want to come out.
He left the mall.
He was walking out.
He was coming out of the mall.
He didn't know what that meant.
He didn't know what she meant.
He was cool at the time.
He was there with his cousin.
His cousin is like her age.
His cousin is like Skura's age.
He knows what's gonna happen.
He couldn't hold his anger.
He hit her first.
He hit her and she fell to the floor.
He didn't grab her hair.
He started grabbing her hair.
He had braces at the time.
He got on top of her and started hitting her.
He got on top of her and started punching her.
He fought the brothers.
He fought the twins.
He went after her.
He's her age, too.
He was tired by that time.
He scratched her on the neck.
He hit himself.
He scratched her on the face.
He left her scratches on the neck.
He was trying to get closer.
He was trying to kiss her.
He was pounding her gate.
He was fighting her.
He tried to get into the fight.
He fucked her up.
He was grabbing her shirt.
He was prepared for that fight.
He didn't care about his clothing.
He fights a lot.
He fights every day.
She had her hair in braids.
He'll buy you all pizza.
He filmed the fight.
He was filming the fight.
He lost the fight.
He won the fight.
She has too much stuff on her face.
He liked them.
He beat them up.
He wanted to go talk to her mom.
He saw her previous video.
Go watch that video.
I hope you liked this video.
He was her best friend.
He got into an argument.
He knows how everything goes.
He wanted to fight her.
He said something really personal.
He told her something really personal.
He was cussing in the video.
He came to her house and beat her up.
He went over there.
He was texting her.
He called her on her phone.
He will be there in five minutes.
He was waiting for her.
He walked over there.
He told her he would be ready.
He wants to see the fight.
He got to her house and knocked on the door.
His sister answered the door.
"His sister answered the door." "Is she beautiful?"
He was over here.
He doesn't like her sister.
He's about to fight her.
He's about to hit her.
He's about to punch her.
He went to his friend's house.
They have a mutual friend.
His mom is outside.
He walked up the stairs.
He was walking up the stairs.
He will let her know.
They're both in there.
He was sitting on the towel.
He was sitting on the ground.
He doesn't want to cuss.
He's gonna have time today.
He got up and fought her.
He finally stood up.
He finally got up.
He hit her two times.
He fell back.
He lost his balance and fell back.
He punched her and she fell back.
He got his balance back.
He grabbed her face.
He grabbed her face and started scratching her.
He scratched her face.
He was bigger than her.
He put his weight on her.
He put his weight on her chest.
He grabbed her hands.
He's sitting on the couch.
He's only fourteen.
Her hair is in a bun.
He dragged her to the couch.
He pulled her head back and started slapping her.
He pulled her head back and started punching her.
He grabbed her hair, pulled her head back and started punching her.
He grabbed her like this.
He was on the ground.
He kicked her in the ribs.
He kicked her in the face.
He was kicking her.
He wants a round two.
He's gonna see you.
His friend came.
His sister came.
Tom put salt in his coffee instead of sugar.
He was her other friend.
He came to watch her fight.
He was sitting outside.
He came up the door.
He came up behind her and grabbed her hair.
He didn't want to fight her.
He didn't want to invite her.
He was scared of her.
He came to see her on Thursday.
He doesn't condone fighting.
He doesn't condone violence.
He always replies to my comments.
He always likes her pictures.
He always likes her posts.
He always comments on her pictures.
He has never done a video like this.
He hasn't talked to her since that time.
He's obviously in college now.
He didn't care about anything.
He's gonna call his puppy "Dan."
He's friends with everybody.
He wants to call his puppy "Linda."
He's gonna call his puppy "Linda."
He had an urge to fight somebody.
He was bored with his life.
He posted the video after the fight.
He posted a video on his Facebook.
He posted something on his Snapchat.
He reposted her video on his Facebook.
He was being problematic.
He should have just stopped right there.
He was being messy.
I wish I had the screenshots.
The screenshots are fake.
He's smarter than you.
He had to charge his camera.
He charged his camera.
He doesn't even have it.
He was looking like a fool.
They were arguing over the phone.
He didn't text her back.
He never texts back.
He texted her again.
He texted her all the time.
He was her best friend at the time.
He had been her best friend for four months.
He got in trouble.
He took a screenshot of the message and posted it on his Facebook page.
Let's fight.
He was arguing with her.
He wasn't scared of her.
Meet me at the park.
There was a soccer game at the school.
He walked there.
He wanted to stay for the game.
He didn't want to go to the game.
He was pretty scared.
He didn't know who was going to be there.
He doesn't really talk to them.
He was really funny.
He wasn't at the park.
He's always at the park.
He smokes weed at the park.
He didn't remember any of that.
He was weird.
He was weird and stupid.
He doesn't have any of those videos.
He was being childish.
He was acting stupid.
He was pretty close.
He's really stupid.
He went home first.
He went to school first.
He went there first.
He's graduating this year.
He wants to graduate this year.
He called the cops.
He asked her to call the cops.
Someone called the cops.
He met her after school.
He doesn't remember his friend saying that.
Everybody fights at the park.
They weren't fighting.
He likes to fight in front of a lot of people.
The whole school was there.
The whole village was there.
The whole tribe was there.
He was texting his friend.
He's walking home.
He saw her fighting at the park.
He sent her the video.
His sister is gone.
His brother is gone.
He didn't even tell his brother.
His mother is in town.
His mother is in some other state.
He was visiting Algiers.
He was in some other city.
He was a lot worse.
He heard everyone talking about that.
He never talked to those people.
He was scared to death.
He was worried sick.
He was the same size as her.
He did that whole thing.
He was naked in the bathroom.
He saw her so much more than usual.
He saw her at the park.
He was with his parents.
They talked for a good ten minutes.
His backpack is heavy as hell.
Your backpack is heavy as hell. Have you joined the Marines?
He didn't tell her why he wanted to be there.
They stopped being friends.
He's not her friend.
He doesn't want her to be his friend.
He told her a little bit about that.
He gave her a bad impression about Skura.
He gave her a bad impression.
He was posting that video on his Facebook.
He was choked by the smoke which filled the room.
He grabbed her hair first.
He doesn't know how to fight.
They both fell.
They both fell on the ground.
He grabbed a good chunk of her hair.
He hit his head on the ground.
He was encouraging her.
He started punching her.
He started kicking her.
He never cared about her.
He felt like he was flying.
He got her off of him.
He was doing this.
He was doing that.
He came with another teacher.
He came with a security guard.
He walked her back to the school.
He called her dad.
He got grounded for four months.
He was suspended for four days.
They started being friends again.
He told her that.
They had an amazing Halloween.
He was shopping around for new clothes.
He ran into her at her job at the mall.
He hit a pregnant woman.
They were fighting and arguing.
He likes juicy stories.
He was in school.
He has been there forever.
They have been dating since middle school.
He transferred to that school in his freshman year.
Who's dating who?
Who's dating who here?
He named his puppy "Dan."
He was actually older than her.
She was gorgeous.
His girlfriend was beautiful.
His girlfriend was really smart.
His girlfriend was really gorgeous.
His girlfriend was gorgeous.
He saw her around school.
He knew she had a long-term boyfriend.
They were an on-again-off-again couple.
They had been together since 2004.
He's known her since middle school.
This is unheard-of in Algeria.
There was never drama between them.
He never heard about it.
Their relationship was always solid.
He met her in his sophomore year.
He was a sophomore.
He's still riding her bus.
He was riding her bus.
He's a senior now.
He rides the bus in the morning.
They don't talk directly.
He was part of the group.
He got to know her more than he had before.
He was a sweet and honest guy.
He was riding our bus every morning.
He had been waiting for her.
They were like inseparable.
He was actually a freshman.
He's a sophomore and she's a senior.
He was a freshman and she was a senior.
She was a freshman.
They were having lunch together.
His opinions differ from hers.
This is his lunch group.
He's waiting outside of the school for her.
He went to go visit family in Algiers.
They were having lunch.
He was at the table.
He was on his phone.
He was infatuated with her.
They were all at the table.
He was smiling at her all the time.
He was texting her all the time.
He could not stop smiling at her.
He was trying to tell her that.
Why is it a secret?
It doesn't have to be a secret.
He wasn't telling her anything.
He was still on her ass, asking her who she had been texting.
Would you leave her alone?
Would you leave that girl alone?
Would you leave that girl alone? She doesn't want to talk to you.
Would you leave that girl alone? She has already told you that she doesn't want to talk to you.
If you don't leave that girl alone, I'm gonna call the cops.
If you don't leave that girl alone, I'm gonna kick your ass.
He was the one that spoke up.
He was obviously annoyed.
He was really fast.
He saw Dan and Linda together.
He told her that on the bus.
They're not together anymore.
They're not together anymore. They're taking a break.
He saw them the other day on the bus.
They were still together.
He was genuinely confused.
He was talking to some girl.
She was talking to some dude.
I don't know Skura like that.
He would never do some shit like that.
He would never do something like that.
He bought her that huge balloon.
He got her a huge balloon.
He gave her a big-ass balloon.
He bought her a big-ass teddy bear.
He was walking around with that huge balloon all day.
He walked right into the middle of class and gave the teacher flowers.
He walked right into the middle of class, while the teacher was teaching, and gave Skura chocolate and flowers.
He knows where she lives.
He knows where that girl lives.
He put the tiara on her head.
He was so hurt.
He looked ridiculous.
She looked ridiculous with that tiara on her head.
His locker is a few lockers down from hers.
He had to carry that big-ass teddy bear everywhere.
He put the teddy bear in his locker.
He looked all crazy.
School is really loud.
The cafeteria is really loud.
He rounded the corner and saw her.
He was trying to talk to that girl.
Everyone was going the same way.
He was going to the cafeteria.
He started hearing that.
Look who's coming.
He instinctively stepped back.
Out of the crowd, stepped Skura.
He looked straight at me.
He looked at Skura like he wanted to kill her.
They were already in a full-on argument.
Before I could figure out what was happening, they were already in a full-on argument.
He started talking shit back.
He needs to talk to her.
He has been on the phone all night long.
He was adding salt to the wound.
He just did not give a shit.
He was about to get into a fight.
He was so little.
He's about to get his ass beaten.
He grabbed her by the hair.
He wasn't landing any of those punches on Dan.
He was punching back.
His punches weren't powerful and they were barely reaching Dan.
He let go of her hair.
He started boxing Dan.
They grabbed each other's hair and pulled each other towards the ground.
This was one of the worst fights he had ever experienced.
I don't know what got into him, but he started acting strange.
He sounded so terrible.
He saw blood on her hands.
He wanted to go over there.
He beat her ass.
Beat her ass!
Don't let him hit her.
Stop hitting her.
Stop kicking her.
Quit hitting her.
Quit kicking her.
He's beating the shit out of her.
Our fucking useless cops finally came.
He was still talking shit.
He kicked Skura in the face.
He kicked her straight-on in the face.
He was still talking.
He was trying to salvage any pride that he had.
He went into the lunchroom.
He was talking about the fight.
He really thought he could scare her.
He was the one who got the worst punishment.
He fought during school.
He wasn't able to graduate.
He was embarrassed in front of everybody.
He wanted to fight Skura.
I don't know how they made up.
I don't know if they made up or not.
I don't know if they made up after the fight.
Is he telling the truth?
He's tall as hell.
Just because he's tall as hell, that doesn't mean he can win a fight.
Think before you do this shit.
Sometimes, fighting isn't worth it.
He needs to talk to his manager.
He was seeking out Skura.
He enjoyed the story.
Words such as "aselway," "tayri," "adabu," and "anemhal" are all part of modern Berber. They are not Kabyle and were never derived of Kabyle lexical roots.
Words such as "aselway," "aselkim," "tayri," "adabu," and "anemhal" were derived from Berber lexical roots that are unknown in the Kabyle dialect.
Words such as "aselway," "aselkim," "tayri," "adabu," and "amulli" are all derived from various Berber lexical roots that have never been attested in the now impoverished Kabyle dialect.
It's absolutely useless to deny the existence of the Berber language. In fact, words such as "aselway," "aselkim," "tayri," "adabu," and "amulli" are all derived from various Berber lexical roots that have never been attested in the now impoverished Kabyle dialect.
Without modern Berber terminology and Berber words borrowed from virtually every living Berber dialect, Kabyle would be little more than a pidgin, a hodgepodge of a couple Berber roots mixed with countless French and Arabic words.
The Algerian constitution is translated into modern Berber, not a local dialect commonly referred to as Kabyle. In fact, modern Berber is based on a commonly spoken Berber dialect enhanced with a consensual modern terminology, while Kabyle, as a dialect, has unfortunately become some sort of pidgin or a hodgepodge of a couple Berber words mixed with countless French and Arabic words.
Today, only crazy and ignorant people still believe that the Earth is flat and only stupid people like Naima Salhi and fascist ideologues still deny the existence of the Berber language.
Algeria is prepared for the coronavirus.
Algeria complies with that.
Schools are closed in Algeria.
Algeria has closed its schools.
He went to Algiers three to four times per week.
He went to the Martyrs' Memorial this morning.
What can Algeria do?
Algeria has closed down its schools.
Algerians are taking the coronavirus seriously.
Algeria has a responsible government.
The coronavirus knows no class.
The coronavirus knows no borders.
Algerian hospitals need more respiratory equipment.
What I hate most about fascists is their chauvinism, their brazen hatred of persecuted minority groups, and their sense of entitlement to rule over others.
Is the coronavirus really a biochemical weapon?
The coronavirus hasn't stopped spreading in Algeria.
What does this mean for Algeria's economy?
Algeria needs to deal with the real issues.
Poor people are disproportionately affected by coronavirus.
This is not good for Algeria.
What's Algeria's response to the coronavirus?
Trump's policies are terrible.
Trump is known for his xenophobia.
Algerians have put faith in Tebboune.
Algeria should restrict travel from Europe.
Algeria should suspend all travel from Europe for the next weeks.
He's an Algerian epidemiologist.
Algeria should urgently implement social distancing measures.
Algeria needs to enforce social distancing measures to reduce person-to-person transmission of the coronavirus.
Algeria should ban travel to France.
People there are weird.
Construction started October 20, 2013.
People here are weird.
Don't have any visitors.
Isolate yourself.
Don't enter the room of anyone in isolation without wearing a mask.
The coronavirus doesn't respect borders.
The coronavirus doesn't respect citizenship.
Frequently air out the spaces you are in.
Clean surfaces you use often everyday.
Don't share your personal items, such as towels, with others.
Wash your clothes with normal detergent in to degrees.
Avoid close contact such as shaking hands and hugging.
For a strong immune system, drink plenty of liquids, eat a balanced diet and pay attention to your sleeping patterns.
If you have symptoms of the cold, don't have any contact with the elderly and the chronically ill and don't go out without wearing a mask.
If you have a fever that won't go down, coughing and respiratory problems, wear a mask and visit a health care provider.
The coronavirus isn't more powerful than the measures you take.
My uncle used to wear glasses ten years ago.
He has never drunk wine.
Tom stole her money.
We go to the theater once a week.
Tom was forced to retire.
The Guinness World Record for the longest temper tantrum occurred when individual Berber languages were added to the website tatoeba.org, deeply upsetting an enthusiastic proponent of Standard Algerian Berber.
Can you do the right thing for once in your life?
Europe has replaced China as the epicenter of the pandemic.
Israel’s Attorney General approved using cyber-measures to track coronavirus patients’ phones. Israeli media said it would primarily be used to inform Israelis who might have been in the vicinity of a patient, and to ensure that patients under quarantine are staying at home.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a series of sharp restrictions on Israelis to combat the spread of COVID-19. The measures include an almost-total shutdown of the country except for pharmacies and supermarkets and a ban on gatherings of more than ten people. He also said he wants to use cyber-measures to track the locations of those infected.
There were long lines at supermarkets.
Most Israelis were ordered to work at home, or put on furlough.
The Israeli government announced a month-long grace period for paying taxes.
The Israeli government said that those temporarily unemployed, including thousands of tour guides, can apply for unemployment.
Nothing is more important than the safety, health and security of our citizens.
Tom's phone started vibrating.
In the almost years The New Yorker magazine has existed, it's published thousands of cartoons. Yet never in its history had a black female cartoonist published for the magazine – that is, until Liz Montague came on board.
It smells wonderfully of börek.
That guy is a gem.
It's hard to find someone like him these days.
I wonder, how can I find him?
Sorry for disturbing you.
Is my confirmation not needed?
Things are looking bright.
Would you want something else?
Loosen up a bit, life is too short.
I mean, surely you can't make ends meet with a pharmacy, right?
I'm not as busy as you think.
What is your field?
Are you sure they are here?
Looks like it's abandoned.
The sons of bitches that came before you said the same thing.
He's trying to protect his mother.
Despite rumors to the contrary, a tinfoil hat is not effective against coronavirus.
We have not come to hurt your mother.
You'll understand when you see it.
You can't enter with guns.
They came while we were sleeping.
He screamed the whole night.
It's recording everything.
This lady can't help us, she's gone mad.
Throw your weapon down!
You'll get acquainted soon.
I've been waiting seven years for you.
At last, you came.
All of us have taken an oath to protect you.
To work for your father was an honour for me.
This ring is of no use.
I don't get why you keep insisting.
I'm not looking for a job these days.
I'd very much appreciate if you could tell him this yourself.
You can come to the hotel whenever it is convenient for you.
I am ashamed of having been rude to him.
She didn't respond to my question.
They didn't respond to my question.
They laughed at her mistake.
They laughed at their mistake.
How much must the Algerian government pay for that?
Algeria needs to reduce spending and raise revenues.
How bad is the Algerian economy?
Algeria needs billions of dollars in order to restart its economy.
Algeria is facing immense difficulties.
I'm an epidemiologist. When I heard about Britain's "herd immunity" coronavirus plan, I thought it was satire.
Algeria is struggling to keep up with the coronavirus.
These shoes were made in Algeria.
He was training to be a Berber-language broadcaster.
My first impression of Algeria was really good.
He wants to get educated in Algeria.
Mr Tebboune has a big country to run.
He was writing for an Algerian magazine.
He started teaching Berber in 2004.
The piece of music is being played in an endless loop.
The music is played in an endless loop.
The music is being played in an endless loop.
Algeria has been suffering a terrorism problem since the 1990s.
The music is playing in an endless loop.
Algeria and Morocco have very large Berber-speaking communities.
Music played during the broadcast is faded out in the podcast.
Pieces of music played during the broadcast are faded out in the podcast.
Kabylie is in Algeria's northeast.
Gaddafi undertook a policy of cultural extermination against the Berber-speaking community of Libya.
Berber is official in both Algeria and Morocco.
Berber is now official in both Algeria and Morocco.
He left Algeria to study in Germany four years ago.
Kabyles are a Berber-speaking Muslim population that live in northeastern Algeria.
In February 2019, demonstrations broke out everywhere in Algeria.
They went to honeymoon in Algeria.
He came back to Algeria in early for work.
The Algerian consulate in London refused to give him a visa.
He spent weeks in Algeria searching for his wife.
He's a high school Berber teacher.
He flew back to Algeria four days ago.
He was traveling on his Algerian passport.
He's an Algerian qualified nurse.
Skura is desperate for her husband to be in Algeria for her birthday.
Are you doing that to them just because they're Muslim?
Working on puzzles has helped me gain focus, determination, and patience.
Poverty is a preventable cause of death.
During the Bouteflika era, France was an attractive destination for money flowing out of Algeria.
France is attractive for Algeria's ill-gotten money.
Yesterday, Algeria celebrated the 58th anniversary of Mouloud Feraoun's assassination.
Every March 15, Algeria celebrates the anniversary of Mouloud Feraoun's assassination.
He has a family back in Algeria.
He has been engaged by a company in Algeria to track and recover money plundered by officials under Bouteflika.
We are not related. We just have the same surname.
This is annoying to no end.
It won't even take five minutes of your time.
We can wait here if you want to.
I have to work with other things.
Suddenly the great world stands still because a little virus wants it so.
I can't make very sound decisions.
I love smart guys.
Welcome to our team.
I heard you had private matters to attend to.
I heard you had personal things to do.
It's not possible for me to forget tonight.
Your love affairs don't interest us.
Now you can ask whatever you want.
In order to defeat me you have to do much better than that.
I can't wait to face him.
Tom went livid.
Tom went blue.
Tom turned blue.
Tom turned a pale blue.
Mary is going to have a daughter.
We arrived on time.
They fought courageously.
They fought bravely.
They called their sister.
Spare no expense and no pains.
Spare no expense and no effort.
I offered solutions.
I proposed solutions.
He's so lucky!
What a lucky guy!
They completely destroyed the city.
They've completely destroyed the city.
Your behavior is unusual.
Your behavior is out of the ordinary.
That's the sort of thing I don't like. I don't accept it.
Don't they smell anything?
We asked these questions to people on the street.
Are you aware of the death rate?
No, I don't know an exact number.
What kind of measures do you take?
I use it after getting on public transportation.
Apart from that, I always pay attention to my hand hygiene.
There are billion people living on Earth.
Have you changed your daily routine as of now?
It seemed strange to me, to tell the truth.
Why do women have to cover themselves?
Can you speak a little about yourself?
First of all, we don't have such a demand.
Normal life in the United States came to a halt with mandated closures of businesses beginning in many states.
Stock prices on Wall Street plunged Monday.
The S&P index fell percent in the opening seconds, prompting an automatic 15-minute halt to stock trading.
When trading resumed, stocks prices continued to dive.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 3,points with stocks losing 13% of their value off what have been already low prices.
The Fed is America's central bank.
The Fed made an emergency cut to interest rates, bringing them to near zero.
Empty shelves are seen at a grocery store in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, March 16, 2020, as shoppers have been buying up extra quantities of the products since the outbreak of the coronavirus.
The president said, “We have no shortages other than people are buying anywhere from three to five times what they would normally buy.”
The president's health secretary, Alex Azar, warned that the pandemic has the potential to overwhelm the capacity of the American health care system.
Governor Gavin Newsom ordered the closure of all bars and wineries in California.
The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions.
The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions, famous bull fights and horse fairs at a cost of about $million – a sum that some fear could bankrupt the southern region of Andalucia.
Several U.S. states are closing dine-in restaurants and bars, limiting the establishments to carry-out or delivery service, in an effort to stem the spread of coronavirus.
The Centers for Disease Control reports the virus is spread primarily from person to person through droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes.
It is also possible that a person can get coronavirus from surfaces or objects that have the virus on it.
Practicing good hygiene is important.
While people can avoid restaurants if they choose to, most will have to eventually go to the grocery store to buy food.
New York’s governor warned Monday that the state’s health care system could be overwhelmed in the coming weeks as cases of the coronavirus rise.
“I don’t believe that we are going to be able to flatten the curve enough to meet the capacity of the health care system,” Governor Andrew Cuomo told reporters in the state capital, Albany.
The curve refers to trying to contain and limit the increase in cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.
We need to flatten the curve.
"We have a simple message for all countries: test, test, test. Test every suspected COVID-case," Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director of the WHO, said in a press briefing Monday.
The Vatican announced Pope Francis will hold Easter week services without public attendance.
His dream is to build a mosque on the edge of Berlin.
Six percent of the Dutch population is Muslim.
He's Algerian and he lives in Berlin.
He's well established in Algeria.
He runs a community conservation group in Algeria.
This part of Kabylie is unique in Algeria.
He was born in an Algerian village.
Algeria needs new incinerators.
They're making their way from sub-Saharan Africa to Europe via Algeria.
If the Algerian authorities catch them, they'll send them to their homeland.
They're living in Algeria but their goal is Europe.
Algiers is a metropolis with a population of three million and a half.
He's leaving Algiers for good.
He headed for the Algiers bus station.
They're Algerian, too.
Four of them are Algerian.
He doesn't want to live outside Algeria.
Algeria needs a new economic strategy.
We're a few meters from the border between Algeria and Tunisia.
I have visited Morocco, Tunisia, and Mauritania. Algeria is next.
He rebuilt his life in Algeria.
We met again in Oujda, on the border with Algeria.
I just buy and sell these things.
Good luck with your interview.
What do you want to accomplish with these students?
Sex is not a game.
He was taking revenge on them.
He's also in charge of fundraising.
Recently, he has been dating Skura.
He was once arrested for grand theft.
He didn't steal that money.
He borrowed that money.
"What's the game here?" "There's no game."
That's why we have a constitution in Algeria.
"How are you, Skura?" "Do I know you?" "Not really, but we're from the same school."
Buy some condoms.
You look after Skura for me.
"I'll fuck you up." "How are you going to do that?" "You'll find out."
"I thought you might like to see this." "What is it?"
Evidently, she was very impressed by his car.
"You're the one behind this." "Behind what?" "You know what I'm talking about."
"You can't do that." "Really? Watch me."
This is a lie and you know it.
There is no place for him to go.
He has got nowhere to hide.
"Do you care about her?" "Of course I care about her."
Respect this family.
He asked her to get an abortion.
Don't expect any help from me.
You got yourself into this.
You'll pay the rent.
Everything is going great for you and now you're gonna blow it.
You can give him another chance.
She deserves better than you.
I want you to publicly apologize.
Your press conference has been canceled.
"Give me another chance." "You're history."
You're gonna make the best mother ever.
"See you in court." "See you in hell."
"Nothing for you?" "No, thanks. I'm fasting."
What kind of a job do you think you can get with this diploma?
Your father knows nothing.
I'm gonna kick you out of the school.
He's like his old man. He can take care of himself.
If you touch her, I'll bust your face.
The more people know about an escape plan, the less chance it has of success.
Good riddance to this rubbish.
Your money isn't lost; it's just that someone else has it now.
I don't know what you're planning, but I wish you good luck!
The bottle was still mostly full.
He's out of school.
He needs to finish his school.
Either you finish your school or you go.
If you want to see butterflies, you have to accept caterpillars.
"How much will that be?" "That will be four hundred dinars."
The best friend you've got in this world is you.
You can lose weight.
Lose weight.
"Why don't you lose weight?" "God, I want to!"
Let's watch some TV.
Let's watch some cartoons.
Is that what Tom said or not?
Fascists like the followers of Benkoula, Salhi, Kerchouche, Khettal and the separatists love no one and no one loves them.
"Actually, Mr Amzil, I'm not working for you." "What do you mean?" "I'm an FBI agent and you're under arrest. Cuff him!"
I can't use the toilet because the plumbing doesn't work.
Judaism is the traditional religion of the Jewish people.
He loves me. He worships the ground I walk on.
That's why God gave you lips.
That's why God gave you hands.
This is Algeria's new government program.
You've got a second chance. Don't blow it.
"Skura?" "Yes. Do I know you?"
I wish you came into my life sooner.
Will Algeria become a high-income economy.
How will the Algerian government deliver on its targets?
Algeria is a very strong country.
Algeria is an import-dependent economy.
Algeria won't go down.
Trump thinks outside the box.
The Berber language has survived centuries of invasions, wars, dictatorships, bans, loss of prestige, and neglect.
Algeria needs to turn its attention to this.
Algeria needs to develop its own technology.
Algeria needs to export more.
Who's to blame for Algeria's economic crisis?
Latin, Greek, Persian, and Sanskrit descended from a common ancestor.
English, Russian, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
English, Russian, Spanish, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
Hebrew and Phoenician are Canaanite languages.
Yiddish, English, and German are West Germanic languages.
Juhuri, Persian, Kurdish, and Pashto are Iranian languages.
Are Algeria's reforms going in the right direction?
Should Algeria increase interest rates?
This is rooted in his religious beliefs.
Algeria isn't part of the Middle East.
Algeria isn't located in the Middle East.
Algeria isn't an Asian country.
Algeria isn't in the NATO.
Will Turkey remain in the NATO?
Will the US lose Turkey to Russia?
Is Turkey running into the arms of Russia?
Has the crisis in Algeria been a long time in coming?
We want a stable Algeria.
Algeria has good relations with the EU.
Algeria shouldn't get into a debt trap with the IMF.
These are the things I'd like to see happen in Algeria.
The only good thing about Trump is his incompetence.
Trump colors outside the lines and tells everyone else to color inside them. No one else his age is even coloring.
If Trump stays in power much longer, the whole world is going to experience what's been happening to Puerto Rico.
Trump must face charges of crimes against humanity for his racially-motivated neglect of Puerto Rico.
Stay as far away as possible from anyone who admires Donald Trump.
I'm not gay, but my girlfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I think Tom is from Australia, but I may be wrong.
I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I hate the Internet.
I've bought some freshly baked bread.
I hate and I love the Internet.
I spent my childhood in Ankara.
Siteler is a place famous for its furniture production.
After fifth grade in primary school I would spend my summer vacations as their apprentice.
We started to make some things for him.
We had a son.
I made model houses.
As I got older I made model ships.
The federal government is looking at quickly sending money directly to Americans to soften the economic blow from the coronavirus pandemic.
We’re looking at sending checks to Americans immediately. And I mean now, in the next two weeks.
Trump’s administration is seeking to get Congress to approve an infusion of as much as $billion into the economy, including $billion for small business loans, and $billion to bail out the country’s airlines, as part of an emergency stimulus package.
On Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average experienced its worst rout since 1987’s "Black Monday."
The president predicted that once the coronavirus is gone, the stock markets “will pop back up like nobody has seen.”
Investment bank Goldman Sachs forecast no U.S. economic growth for the first quarter of this year and an annualized rate contraction of 5% in the second quarter.
“I think most people now feel like we are headed towards a recession if not already in a recession, at least in the United States, if not globally,” said Shaki Abbas, director of economic policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
The White House on Monday recommended people in the United States avoid social gatherings of more than people for at least the next days.
Organizers of the Kentucky Derby horse race have announced the event is being postponed until September — the first time in years the event will not occur on the first Saturday in May.
India has closed the iconic Taj Mahal, one of the world’s most visited tourist sites, as it battles the spread of coronavirus.
“The line for tickets was really long,” he said.
Trang has been working very hard on porting features from the old design to the new design.
Dozens of other monuments that are popular with tourists have also been shut.
Cities like Mumbai, where hundreds of thousands live in overcrowded slums and travel on packed transport networks, pose the greatest challenge in controlling the outbreak in India.
All mobile calls begin with a recorded health message.
New Yorkers woke up to a wet and gray Tuesday.
Normally on March 17, about million spectators dressed in green line a 35-block route along Fifth Avenue to view the dozens of marching bands, bagpipers, police, firemen, politicians and personalities along the route.
Legend has it that St. Patrick wore green when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland in A.D.
The parade goes past a soaring Gothic cathedral built by Irish immigrants and named for St. Patrick, who is the patron saint of both Ireland and New York City.
For the first time in its 258-year history, the parade was canceled due to the health risks of large crowds.
"There is no business," said Bobby, who manages Little Italy Pizza in midtown, which serves the office workers who normally occupy the neighboring skyscrapers.
There are no people.
He said business is down at least 90%.
Thousands of jobs in the local economy depend on the million visitors who come to the Big Apple each year.
While many New Yorkers grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
While the local residents grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
After a week of panic buying, the city's grocery stores have mostly bare shelves.
Supermarket staffers are now in the category of heroic workers, like first responders.
New Yorkers are known for their resilience.
After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, the city was back on its feet in a matter of weeks.
But this time, it feels different.
Vendors at the busy Croix-des-Bossales market in downtown Port-au-Prince have not heard much about the coronavirus pandemic that is currently sweeping the world.
Half of the vendors were busy trying to make ends meet and had no knowledge or incorrect information about the virus.
I do have a radio at home, but it’s not working.
“I heard it’s people who eat mice who have this disease,” a vendor in her 20s told VOA.
A vendor selling rice and beans said she washes her hands often, but noted that her clients may or may not do the same.
“When a person is hungry, they may not remember to wash their hands before they come to my stand to buy food. All they can think of is eating,” she said.
Haiti has no confirmed cases of COVID-19.
Thanks to Mozilla for financing Tatoeba.
Constructive feedback about the new design is very welcome.
The bells are tolling in the villages of the north Italian region of Lombardy, registering yet another coronavirus death.
I'm very worried about my brother-in-law.
Cooped up in their homes for a second week, Italians are wondering how many more times the bells will toll sounare a morto.
The Italian government has turned to the use of quarantines, first used by Venice in the 14th century to protect itself from plague epidemics.
Hand-painted banners with the slogan, “Everything will be alright,” have started to appear in Italian cities.
Historians say plagues and pestilence have reshaped countries before, changing politics, contributing to instability, retarding economic development and altering social relations.
“Plague caused a shock to the economy of the Italian peninsula that might have been key in starting its relative decline compared with the emerging northern European countries,” noted Italian historian Guido Alfani in an academic paper on the impact of the 17th century plague.
In England, the long-term effects of the medieval Black Death were devastating and far-reaching, according to historian Tom James.
Medieval Britain was irreversibly changed by the Black Death, agriculture, religion, economics and even social class affected.
Tom spends a lot of time online.
Historians say the Black Death hastened the end of feudalism.
Many politicians have been forced into policy reversals.
European Union officials insisted that national governments should not close borders or stop the free movement of people within the so-called Schengen zone.
Some observers say COVID-could triggeran uptick in multilateralism and greater cross-border solidarity, much as the Spanish flu prompted the ushering in of public health care systems and the first international agencies to combat disease.
The cyberattack is still being investigated and there is not yet an indication of who or what may have been behind it.
The priority for most university students in the United States is clear: to move their belongings off campus as quickly as possible and set up to take classes online.
"They're being very intentionally vague with their emails, because we can tell they don't have much figured out themselves," Lucia Macchi, a freshman at Pennsylvania State University, told VOA.
Tom was intentionally vague in his email.
Students say the policy on reimbursement for room and board is still unclear.
Not every college student has broadband at home.
"Coming to college is a source of humongous economic and housing stability for several months out of the year. Going home...puts an enormous strain on our families," Barton said.
Barton is still unsure how his work-study job will be affected at Harvard.
Barton is concerned about the burden he will place on his father, a single parent of two.
For me, everything could be a toy.
Parents, students and universities are scrambling across the United States and abroad as schools cancel classes and send students packing because of the COVID-pandemic.
Students are being told to move back home as soon as possible in the U.S. and internationally.
Some students are being told to take their belongings with them and leave their rooms empty.
“Everyone is in a panic,” said a staff worker at an Ivy-League university on the East Coast, who asked to remain anonymous.
Italy’s infection rate continues to skyrocket.
Although Mary arrived three hours early, she couldn't get on the flight.
The young woman took a train to London and got a flight out of Heathrow.
Everybody loves toys.
Why does the room need to be empty? Nobody is moving in.
At a certain age they want to imitate.
We live in a digital age.
He introduced me to his father.
She introduced me to her parents.
She couldn't help from crying.
He came to work in Algeria in as a journalist.
Will Boufarik be cordoned off because of the coronavirus?
The wearing of face masks is strongly advised.
Does Algiers need to be medically sealed off?
He's my Algerian interpreter.
In Algiers, I met Skura, my Berber-to-French interpreter.
China is a society where everyone is tracked.
Big Brother is in China now.
Big Brother loves you.
Big Brother cares for you.
Big Brother is good.
Big Brother protects you.
Big Brother is keeping an eye on you.
Are you ready to trade your personal freedoms for Big Brother?
We Algerians are all united.
He rang his cousin in Algiers to find out how his aunt is doing.
They can't study Berber anymore.
The rest of the morning is devoted to learning Berber.
Did you leave Algiers?
Because of coronavirus, civic life is shutting down in Algeria.
A coronavirus vaccine is unlikely to be available for about a year.
Algerians need to focus on today and tomorrow.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Kerchouche, Salhi, and the separatists are specialists in the mass idiotization of the Algerian society.
The exit is on the left.
He screenshot the message and posted it on Facebook.
Does Algeria need more structural reforms?
Algeria needs to attract more foreign investors.
Algeria needs to set up the right legislative framework to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs to set up the right legislative framework to make foreign investors choose it over other countries in the region.
Algeria should attract more foreign investment.
Algeria and Turkey have very good economic ties.
How is Algeria planning to solve this?
How is Algeria planning to iron that out?
We need to update our forecast on Algeria's economy.
You're smarter than your sibling.
Turkey remains Europe's bridge to the Muslim world.
Turkey is also the Muslim world's bridge to Europe.
Turkey remains China's bridge to Europe.
Turkey remains Europe's bridge to the Middle East.
My father is against our marriage.
Yidir and Skura are my Algerian compatriots.
Algerians need to stick together.
This will bring Algerian closer together.
Fascists like Benkoula, Khettal, Kerchouche, Salhi, and the separatists are always trying to demonize people who disagree with them.
Algeria is a reliable partner in the region.
Do you like the sport?
Where is the Mississippi?
The Algerian government needs to boost internal consumption.
The Algerian government needs to boost the internal economy.
Algerians don't need populist policies.
Am I boring you, Skura?
"Am I boring you, Mr Amzil?" "Oh no, I find your speech fascinating."
He picks his nose in front of the kids.
He picks his nose in front of everyone.
He was picking his nose in front of the teacher.
Don't touch your face.
He scratches his butt in front of everyone.
I haven't touched my face in weeks.
Why do we touch our face?
We can't help touching our face.
Because it's in our DNA.
Don't disappoint us again.
We are hardwired to do it.
Our university doesn't graduate losers.
Get rid of the evidence.
Flush the weed down the toilet.
Do this if you would like to go on living in this house.
We know that even foetuses still in the womb of their mothers touch their faces.
You'll get sick if you touch your face.
Why don't you go to your room now?
Let me see my son.
I promise you before Almighty God.
"I love you, Dad." "I love you, my boy."
You've become a drunk.
He's back on drugs.
When we touch our faces, we in fact calm ourselves down.
We see the same behaviour in cats and dogs.
It's also your fault that this child is dead.
We see how children adopt the behaviours of their parents.
Unconsciously, you bring your hands to your face.
Say something to your mother.
She's still alive. Say something to her.
"Your mother is still alive." "Can she hear me." "Sure. Say something to her."
"Your mother is alive." "Can she hear me?" "Sure." "Can I take her hand?" "Go ahead."
"Say something to her." "I don't know what to say."
Mom... please forgive me.
Mom... I'm Skura. Please forgive me.
"Mom... please forgive me." "I forgive you, my son."
You'll be out of here in no time.
A little trip to Algeria will do you good.
How can we prevent this?
Remember how much we enjoyed our last visit to Algeria?
"We still have time for all that." "When? When I get old and sick?"
This stupid car won't start.
It's more or less impossible to completely stop touching your face.
My son died and I can't even bury him.
They know all that.
The coronavirus emerged in China.
I lost my closest friend.
I'm unbelievably lucky.
They are pulled straight to one another.
I came in order to say this.
Unfortunately, she is not alive anymore.
How come I didn't think of this before?
If you see the guy, you'll understand too.
We have no evidence at the moment.
I have to do some more research.
I'll sound our teacher out.
But we need to stop by somewhere first.
Be outside in five minutes!
What do you expect me to say?
Apparently, your girlfriend has great taste.
It appears I came in vain.
I'm not his girlfriend.
History is not really my field of interest.
I'm more interested in today.
In order to understand the present, one has to consider the past.
I'm more interested in the present.
They must've hidden it somewhere very special.
You have a meeting with the security team.
We're throwing a party this evening.
I know that Tom wouldn't tell Mary.
I know Tom wouldn't tell Mary.
The police have blocked off the area.
То strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
"You speak Berber, don't you?" "Yes, I do."
"Are you sure it was Skura?" "Sure I'm sure."
Are Algerians following the measures prescribed by the government to stop the propagation of the coronavirus?
Algerians need to follow social distancing.
Does Algeria need to put in place stricter measures to stop the propagation of the coronavirus?
President Tebboune spoke to the nation on Tuesday, March 19.
Algeria has seven direct neighbors.
He left Algeria for Germany.
He fell ill with the coronavirus.
The new coronavirus is very infectious.
The coronavirus isn't active in stool.
No Algerian city is in lockdown because of the coronavirus.
Some Algerians have started wearing face masks when they go out in public.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the Kabylie region.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the Berber-speaking region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the mountainous region of Kabylie.
Algeria banned flights to and from the country.
Saidal is an Algerian drug company.
The coronavirus is a deadly virus.
I'm in the middle of something. Can I call you back?
"Boss, I can see you." "Ditto."
Does he like his children?
I am homesick now.
By God, this is all mighty embarrassing.
Have you been tested for the coronavirus?
Does Algeria have enough equipment to deal with the coronavirus outbreak?
There is enough food in Algeria.
Algeria is taking measures to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
The measures Algeria has taken are already slowing the spread of the coronavirus.
Can Algeria become a mature and liberal democracy?
How is the Algerian health sector dealing with the coronavirus?
Chinese authorities have begun to claim victory over the deadly coronavirus.
Algeria should fight the coronavirus with unified strength.
He heard her speak Berber.
Where is the Martyrs' Memorial?
I understand more Berber than I can speak.
He can hardly speak Berber properly.
I thought you said you spoke Berber.
He stopped speaking in Berber.
He tried to explain that in his bad Berber.
"Who's that?" "It's Skura's father when he talks through his ass."
"Listen to this." "Who's it?" "It's Skura's old man when he starts talking through his ass."
Please stop talking through your ass.
He's talking through his ass again.
Algeria will not go down.
He fell out the window.
He was wearing a leather mask.
He wanted to impress his girlfriend.
I'll tell my mom that you're hear.
"Mom?" "I don't think she hears you." "Can I hold her hand?"
"Mom?" "I don't think she hears you." "Can I kiss her, Doctor?"
"Mom?" "I don't think she hears you." "Can I hold her hand, Doctor?"
"How's my mom, Doctor?" "I'm sorry. She didn't make it."
"Why are you crying? Is everything OK?" "It's my dad. He just passed away." "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Did you cry when Dad passed away?
Do you still think about Dad?
Do you still dream about Dad?
I still cry when I remember Dad.
I still dream about Dad.
When did Dad die?
When did Dad pass away?
I'll never forgive him... never.
"Skura." "Yes?" "Dad just passed away."
"Skura." "Yes?" "Dad has just died."
She will look great in this Kabyle dress.
You look wonderful in this Kabyle dress.
I haven't visited Algeria in forty years.
You can't relive the old days but you can visit some places to try and recapture some memories.
Your ex-girlfriend hasn't changed a bit.
We're having a school reunion in Algiers.
He's a reporter and he wants to do a story on you.
We couldn't have any kids.
I teach English and learn Hindi.
Your children don't care about you anymore.
On March 19th, Minna Canth's Day, or Equality's Day, is celebrated in Finland.
How many people read anything anymore?
How many people read this newspaper?
"Why are you turning around?" "I forgot my glasses."
He wrote an article on teenage sex.
Minna Canth was a Finnish author, journalist, and social activist, who contributed greatly to Finnish equality movement.
In addition to teaching Berber, you will be supervising our school magazine.
The subject you will be teaching is Berber.
"You'll teach Berber." "Berber? I'm really not made for that."
Here's your chance to speak Berber with native speakers.
How do you say hello in Berber?
Words such as "azul," "tanemmirt," and "aselmad" are modern Berber. They come from various Berber dialects and are not known in the Kabyle dialect. In fact, Kabyle uses words such as "ahla" for "hello," "ṣaḥḥa" for "thank you," and "ccix" for "teacher," and all these words are Arabic loanwords that are used and understood from Mauritania to the farthest reaches of Saudi Arabia. Denying the existence of the Berber language and modern Berber is completely useless and it is usually politically motivated.
Can we be here for a little long?
"They went behind my back." "They made an error."
He has loved her since the sixth grade.
He was afraid even to talk to his father.
He hates his father so much.
He still hates his father so much.
He still hates everything that reminds him of his father.
What did you father do to you?
The Department of Defense is providing masks and ventilators from its reserves to the Department of Health and Human Services.
The Air Force is shuttling virus testing kits to high-need areas.
At least 1,National Guardsmen in states are providing support needs ranging from disinfecting to meal delivery.
The Pentagon still needs to fill about one third of its senior civilian posts, which require Senate confirmation.
Don't click on links you don't recognize.
Some of the emails are designed to look like they are coming from legitimate agencies such as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or the World Health Organization (WHO), using fear of the coronavirus to get a recipient to click on a malicious attachment or link.
Some attacks are focused on phishing, looking to steal user IDs and passwords. Others involve installing malware (malicious coding) designed to steal data or to access financial accounts and steal money.
While those sorts of attacks are not new, many of the individuals being targeted are inexperienced.
"We are now in the situation of 100% work from home for a huge number of employees in corporate America,” DeGrippo said.
For years, cybersecurity experts in government and the private sector have warned that the networks Americans rely on are not secure and that many may have already been compromised.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo warned Thursday that misinformation and fear related to the coronavirus are in many ways “more dangerous than the virus.”
The governor likened the situation the state is facing to the days after the Sept. 11, terrorist attacks.
“It’s a moment that just changes your whole life,” he said.
Yesterday, you were going to work, and you were going to the office party; today you’re at home, and the kids are at home, and you are worried about health, and you are worried about your job, and you’re worried about economics, and you are dealing with personal issues, and you are dealing with family issues -- and it is all happening at once.
Claims for unemployment compensation surged in the United States last week as the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic took hold.
Economists are predicting that more than a million U.S. workers could lose their jobs by the end of March.
Tom had hoped business would improve once the weather warmed and patrons could sit outside the restaurant.
As a small-business owner, Halteh says he cannot afford to keep paying the employees he doesn’t have any work for.
“I think, after it’s over, everything's going to be a booming economy,” Halteh says. “I feel optimistic.”
U.S. President Donald Trump is invoking the Defense Production Act, which would allow his administration to force American industry to manufacture medical supplies that are in short supply in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic.
Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus.
Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus, prompting a question that once would have been unthinkable: Why can't Congress work remotely?
Tom confirmed that he has the virus.
Tom doesn't have the virus.
Tom isn't sure whether Mary has the virus.
Parisians marked dusk on the first day of their coronavirus lockdown this week by stepping out on their balconies and throwing open their windows to cheer and applaud the front-line fighting of doctors and nurses of the virulent viral enemy that has upended life around the world.
Health workers need more protective gear.
In Italy and Spain, protective gear is running out.
Nearly 3,Italian doctors have fallen sick because of COVID-19.
In Britain, doctors are angry about the lack of testing of health professionals.
We must stop the ridiculous imbalance where politicians and sports stars can apparently get tested, but frontline health workers cannot. The criteria must be consistent.
British doctors have been told that even if they are sick, they will need to carry on working.
Italian doctors and nurses say they are burned out from their round-the-clock battle with coronavirus and the high volume of severely ill patients they are trying to save.
Choosing which patients to hook up to scarce ventilators is having a heavy emotional and psychological toll on doctors and nurses.
The medical staff has to prioritize patients with the best chances of survival.
Medical staff have been reduced to tears having to make so many life or death decisions in quick succession.
In the smaller hospitals in close-knit communities, doctors often had to deny treatment to neighbors and friends.
Daniele Macchini, a physician at Humanitas Gavazzeni hospital in Bergamo, wrote : “The war has literally exploded, and the battles are uninterrupted day and night. The results of the swabs now come one after the other: positive, positive, positive. Suddenly the emergency room is collapsing.”
Many of the doctors and nurses sleep at the hospital and avoid going home for fear of inadvertently infecting their families.
A surgeon at Treviglio hospital in Bergamo told Corriere della Sera newspaper that she has shorn off her long blond hair for fear that some virus may be on it.
Images of the sick and dying stay with her when trying to snatch some rest at home.
She explained the limited physical contact with severely sick patients — the few times they get touched are when doctors try to resuscitate them, and when they are hooked up to tubes.
Even when patients are dying, their families must be kept away.
The dying ask doctors to tell their loved ones they love them.
One old man asked her to send his greetings to a newborn granddaughter he will never see.
Social distancing has become an important new normal worldwide as countries try to stem the spread of coronavirus.
A father in quarantine on a Marine base in California was able to attend his daughter’s wedding hundreds of kilometers away in Arizona through a telepresence robot.
He directed the robot's movements, mingling with guests and watching from the sidelines as his daughter danced at the wedding party.
The U.N. secretary-general warned Thursday that millions of people could die globally from the coronavirus outbreak without a coordinated global response.
“If we let the virus spread like wildfire, especially in the most vulnerable regions of the world, it would kill millions of people,” Antonio Guterres warned.
School closures caused by the coronavirus pandemic mean many parents are trying to come up with ways to educate and entertain their children at home.
Some parents worry about too much screen time.
One of the few Americans to see the moon close up has died.
Astronaut Al Worden, who flew around the moon as part of the Apollo mission in 1971, died in his sleep, his family said Wednesday. He was 88.
Worden circled the moon in the command module while fellow astronauts Jim Irwin and David Scott explored the surface.
“Al was an American hero whose achievements in space and on Earth will never be forgotten,” NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said Wednesday.
Worden once described flying to the moon as like driving a car, only with some analytical ability.
Worden wrote two books about his moon mission, including one for children.
Worden never lost his enthusiasm for space.
Rising seas linked to climate change are triggering chronic inland flooding in many parts of the world.
In southern Florida, high tides are threatening drinking water and causing soil erosion.
The elevated sea levels could eventually put vast stretches of Florida under water.
To help control the damage from flooding, some roads and buildings have been elevated and seawalls are being reinforced.
Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water.
Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water. Their roots form dense thickets that help prevent erosion and provide a natural buffer against storm surges.
Mangrove forests can help with flood protection.
Mary dipped her paddle into the water.
Tom dipped his paddle into the water.
Miami Beach’s Oleta River State Park is a kayaker’s paradise.
Mangroves sequester more carbon than any other trees on Earth because they have quite a large underground root structure.
Florida's mangrove forests, however, are under threat.
Most of our mangroves have been eliminated for development.
As sea level rises, some areas will no longer be habitable and maybe some homes and other structures will be removed.
Miami Beach used to be a mangrove island.
A growing number of countries are resorting to draconian measures such as self-isolation, social distancing, and travel bans to curb the spread of COVID-19.
Both China and Singapore, which employed very strict medical, social and political measures have seen dramatic declines in coronavirus cases and deaths.
“The examples we have seen so far show us that drastic cuts or drastic limitations in social life of the populations…together with an aggressive testing, tracking and treating of patients and their contacts has worked,” he said.
The U.S. announced it will temporarily close its northern border with Canada to “non-essential traffic.”
Weiler warned that the outbreak could continue to impact Germany for up to two years.
The European Union is calling on video streaming services to limit providing programs in high-definition to avert an internet crash.
The European Union is calling on video streaming services to limit providing programs in high-definition to avert an internet crash that could be triggered by extremely heavy usage because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Countries throughout the world have imposed restrictions on gatherings and travel in response to the pandemic, forcing hundreds of millions of workers and students to remain in their homes.
Being homebound has led to unprecedented usage of streaming services, causing concern among EU officials that it could strain internet bandwidth beyond capacity and trigger a crash.
Scientists around the world are racing to unlock the secrets of the COVID-virus in search of a vaccine.
There are no clear signs that warmer conditions will subdue or stop the virus.
"All Canadians as much as possible should stay home," Trudeau said.
Authorities are receiving a surge of reports about people trying to cash in on the coronavirus crisis with outrageous prices, phony cures and other scams.
One store advertised hand sanitizer at $a bottle.
Greed is a powerful motivator for some people.
It is inexcusable to prey on people in a vulnerable time to make a quick buck.
Tom was accused of price gouging.
Tom was accused of hoarding toilet paper and price gouging.
There were reports of overpriced potatoes in Idaho.
There were reports of overpriced rice in Wisconsin.
A seller was accused of hawking medical masks at more than times the normal value.
I decided to live the life of my dreams.
What kind of risks did I take?
I'm going to the top of the mountain to become a shepherd.
A history teacher shouldn't let go of such an opportunity.
We can come together one on one and have a meeting.
Maybe we can come together one on one and have a meeting.
You wanted me, sir?
What did you get yourself into?
What will happen if this gets out?
What will happen if people hear about this?
We're both toast!
We're both done for!
Both you and I will be in trouble!
We will be so fucked!
My husband was wearing a suit that had just been taken out of the oven.
He's years old, turning this year.
The coronavirus is contained in China.
Coronavirus infections are spreading fast in Europe and the US.
It's pointless and way too late to deny the existence of the Berber language. Berber is now an official language in both Algeria and Morocco and it's being actively developed and promoted in both countries.
Trump isn't scared of the coronavirus.
Some people are looking at Algeria with envy.
Keep washing your hands.
Men are attracted to appearance and women are attracted to behavior.
Men are interested in appearance and women are interested in behavior.
Women like optimistic men.
Women like courageous men.
Women like brave men.
Women like confident men.
Women like dominant men.
Women are naturally submissive.
Women are attracted to dominant men.
Men are subconsciously attracted to submissive women.
Men are naturally repulsed by rebellious women.
Men are naturally repulsed by opinionated women.
Women are impulsively attracted to men who appear to be masculine.
Women are naturally attracted to men who appear masculine.
He's awkward around beautiful girls.
It's not easy to find a girl like Skura.
He got Skura pregnant.
Skura is pregnant now.
You are just like your father.
How much pizza do we have left?
"You shouldn't do it like this." "Who's the doctor here?" "All right."
He's drunk as a skunk.
"Some corn?" "No, thanks."
"Some peanuts?" "No, thanks."
I think your old man is stupid.
My old man never loved anyone.
The baby is fine.
The baby is healthy.
He doesn't want to see the baby.
You can't fool a mother.
You can't fool a wife.
Come on, don't sulk.
"Please don't sulk." "I'm not sulking."
He has almost finished writing his book.
He has almost finished typing the report.
Get rid of that plant. It's dead.
Every day, he asks her the same question.
Every day, he asks her the same four questions.
Freeze! One more step and you're dead meat.
One more step and you're dead meat. I'm warning you!
"He's married." "What does it matter."
He's an Algerian purchasing agent.
"Is this your new car?" "Yes." "Congratulations! Drive it in good health."
Is there a ghost in here?
He can see ghosts.
He's loving.
He's compassionate.
Mary is a single mum working two part-time jobs.
Stop doing it, you mindless muppets.
Sorry, we're out of toilet paper and I can't magic any for you now.
He's a nothing, a nobody.
What's this story he's typing?
What's this story he's writing?
What's this book he's talking about?
Who are you calling a bimbo?
Your second chance is over.
Bring the bag.
Get rid of this car.
He can't read the menu.
You're nothing but a liar.
"You're really beautiful." "Did you mean that?" "Of course."
Run while it's still time.
Do you still have that car?
Is that your truck?
Russian troops are fighting terrorism in Syria.
I'm interested in anything Russian.
Russia... such a fascinating country.
Russia is so fascinating.
Why are you so afraid to change?
Read this chapter.
I want you to write an essay about the chapter.
Read these four pages.
I need a bit of your attention.
Your grandmother is a wonderful woman.
What's the point of blacking the user's name out if the tweet in question is very easy to find?
Skura is in jail, Salas.
"Can she come, too?" "She sure can."
He made it pretty clear he doesn't want to see you.
Your dad is a pretty smart man.
Take the Jeep and check out the farm.
Nothing works here.
Quenya is an Eldarin language.
You can't put a price on a human life.
I could use a break.
"How about some pizza?" "Sure! I could use a break."
The Nazis didn't introduce antisemitism to the countries they briefly occupied.
The Nazi occupation of Poland lasted six years.
The Nazi occupation of Hungary lasted one year.
Date girls your own age.
The Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia lasted seven years.
The Axis occupation of Greece lasted three years.
I didn't know any Skura in college.
He can sniff a cop from miles away.
He came to me this morning.
He came onto me.
She came onto me.
He saw them passing notes.
The teacher saw them passing notes.
I have no intention to let you get away with it.
He came onto me. He couldn't keep his hands off me.
Tom is a clever little sausage, isn't he?
We must execute her orders.
I had a fun conversation while enjoying a mixed bath.
Ramadan is my favorite time of the year.
I love Ramadan.
I love the month of Ramadan.
I want to take you to Algiers to meet my family.
I've had this stuck in my head all day.
This is what I've been after for a long time.
California Governor Gavin Newsom Thursday ordered the state's million residents to stay home.
“It is still very dangerous right now,” said Ki, especially in enclosed public spaces like offices, churches, hospitals, coin karaoke rooms, or computer gaming centers.
Many South Korean religious groups have moved their services online.
The weather is getting nice and many people are having a tough time having to stay at home.
New York’s mayor called on U.S. President Donald Trump to deploy military personnel to his city.
We now have misinformation and fear and panic, which is as contagious or more contagious than the virus.
Singapore has earned high praise for its early and thorough response to COVID-19.
Lo said most countries could copy Singapore's example of engaging all ministries and the private sector and the public in fighting the coronavirus, and of communicating with citizens often and honestly.
The novel coronavirus outbreak has hit the United States on the tail end of spring break — a time-honored March tradition for college students.
Some students stuck to their plans of visiting the beach, only to find their parties shut down.
Authorities shut down public beaches, restaurants and bars.
A number of daily online Talmud studies and minyonim are popping up during the crisis.
Health experts warn that spring breakers could carry the virus back to their hometowns.
Medical experts worry returning spring breakers could bring COVID-home with them.
Esther is studying Pirkei Avot with her queer online chaburah.
Self-isolating may be hard for many younger people who are already disappointed that they're going back to their parents' houses instead of their universities.
International tourists are scrambling to leave Australia as concerns mount over flight cancellations and border closures.
Australia is banning foreign travelers beginning Friday as it tries to stop the spread of the new coronavirus.
Many Australians are stranded overseas.
Busy avenues like the Champs Elysées are not buzzing these days in the French capital.
In France, police can fine people up to $if they do not have a valid excuse to be outside.
French citizens have been ordered to remain home and self-quarantine to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Many French citizens are teleworking and taking care of their children, since the schools are closed, too.
Police can fine people up to $if they do not have a valid excuse to be outside.
Unlike Italy or Spain, the French government does not ban all sports activities.
I am completely sure of your innocence.
Tom wanted to do all that I had suggested.
Fill in.
I know who you're secretly in love with.
I don't know whether I did the right thing by accepting.
I don't know whether agreeing was the right thing for me to do.
The U.S. borders with Canada and Mexico will close to nonessential travelers from midnight on Saturday.
The State Department issued an unprecedented global Level travel advisory warning Americans not to travel abroad and for those in other countries to return immediately unless they plan to stay outside the United States for an extended period time.
A nationwide internal lockdown is not under consideration, Trump told reporters. "I don't think we'll ever find that necessary," said the president.
"Let me be clear that neither of these agreements with Canada or Mexico applies to lawful trade or commerce. Essential commercial activities will not be impacted," said Chad Wolf, the acting homeland security secretary.
Reports of the medicine helping coronavirus patients get better in China and Australia are anecdotal.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo is ordering non-essential businesses to move workers completely to telework by late Sunday.
“This is not voluntary,” the governor told reporters Friday. “We are going to monitor it; there will be civil fines. There can be mandatory closures for businesses that do not comply. I am not kidding about this.”
This is not voluntary.
I am not kidding about this.
I'm not kidding about this.
“The numbers are going up at such a rate – it’s more than double the capacity of the hospital system, it is more than triple the capacity of the ICU [intensive care unit] system,” Cuomo said.
We can’t get more ventilators.
Cuomo also announced that non-essential gatherings of any size and for any reason are no longer allowed.
Prior to this announcement, groups of were still allowed to meet, while socially distancing themselves from one another.
I am asking businesses to be creative. If you can make a uniform, why can’t you make a mask?
“The ventilators are to this war what missiles were to World War II,” Cuomo said.
New York has taken a series of steps to try to reduce the spread of the potentially deadly respiratory virus.
Restaurants and bars are now offering take-away and delivery services only.
Friday, the governor ordered all barber shops, nail and hair salons and tattoo parlors to close temporarily.
Young people are not invincible to COVID-19.
When will the bad news end?
Twenty thousand years ago, humans lived in grassy tundras near the Arctic Circle.
Trees were scare in these cold, dry regions, so Ice Age hunters could not build campfires using wood. Instead, these hardy humans made campfires by burning the bones of the big animals they hunted.
Few modern people know how to make a bone fire.
Recently, a Colorado archeologist and some volunteers gave it a try.
Mary gave it a try.
Tom and Mary gave it a try.
The fire is hot enough to cook steak.
The fire is hot enough to cook vegetables.
The fire is hot enough to cook food.
When will life return to normal?
When will people return to their normal way of life?
All countries need an exit strategy.
Tom was caught stealing toilet paper from a public restroom.
Having something to do makes the time pass more quickly.
Don't worry about things that are outside your control.
Don't worry about things outside your control.
Manitoba declared a state of emergency to deal with the COVID-19.
Tom restored an old barn.
Tom restored the old barn his grandfather had built years ago.
Don't wander too far.
She'll call back.
He would surely have warned me.
I want you to work better.
Everybody must die.
Couldn't it have waited?
May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your soul.
We have a bigger problem than I thought.
There was a deadly earnestness about Tom. I think he's serious.
I don't think we should start second-guessing ourselves. I think we should proceed normally.
I think Tom has more than only a passing interest in what happens to me.
If you hadn't turned down Tom when he came to you for help, none of this would have happened.
Tom caught the Tatoebavirus.
The Tatoebavirus causes people to contribute to Tatoeba frantically.
The barn's roof collapsed.
The barn's roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The barn's roof collapsed from the weight of the snow.
China is now beginning to remove restrictions in Wuhan by allowing a gradual return to economic activity.
Mary doesn't have any help at home.
Tom doesn't have any help at home.
Mary's husband left home for work.
Tom's wife left home for work.
Tom left home for work.
Mary left home for work.
Tom's children called him to fix their computer problem.
Tom's fear came true.
Mary's fear came true.
This past Tuesday, my fear came true. I was queued up for a question in a conference call on stopping the spread of the coronavirus. But I missed my turn as I was called up by my children to fix their computer problem. Later, my absence was noted in the transcript of the conference.
Many working mothers are juggling their jobs and their children.
The children are taking everything from art to music to physical education online.
As parents grapple with ways to burn off their children’s extra energy, many choose to go outdoors for a walk.
“We work on assignments, and then we’ll start an adventure, whether we do it as a family or whether the kids do it individually,” said Juliana Cole, an entrepreneur who has three children, ranging from a kindergartener to an eighth-grader.
I went on a three-mile run with my child yesterday.
After the day’s work is done, or sometimes during lunchtime, my children and I go out on a walk.
For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside.
For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside. Whenever a pedestrian passes by, he runs away saying “Social distancing, social distancing” and then gives himself a point for the job accomplished.
And me? I usually get minus two points for saying hello to a stranger.
Norway’s Olympic committee requested that Tokyo Olympics be postponed until the coronavirus spread is contained.
A series of dams on the transboundary Mekong River has reduced water levels, damaging fisheries and causing other environmental problems for the people who depend on the waterway for their livelihoods and food.
For farmers like Sanit Khun, who rely heavily on the river's water for irrigation, options are drying up.
At 28, musician Fabi Reyna is the founder and editor-in-chief of She Shreds magazine, a publication dedicated to women guitarists and bassists.
Fabi Reyna also continues to perform in concerts around the world.
Tom's absence was noted in the transcript.
Mary's absence was noted in the transcript.
There are still many things we don't know.
There are still many things we don't know about the virus.
There are still many things we don't know about the universe.
Stay home.
There are still many things we don't know about the Neanderthals.
There are still many things we don't know about Neanderthals.
A new beaked whale species, called Berardius minimus, was discovered around the coast of Hokkaido.
Beaked whales prefer deep ocean waters.
Beaked whales can dive for a very long time.
There are still many things we don't know about the effects of vaping.
There are still many things we don't know about the biology of the human body.
There are still many things we don't know about human biology.
There are still many things we don't know about the spirit world.
Why do people yawn?
There are still many things we don't know about the human body.
There are still many things we don't know about the Moon.
Why do zombies love brains?
What makes brains so appealing to zombies?
There are still many things we don't know about the human brain.
There are still many things we don't know about our universe.
Tom's fears came true.
Mary's fears came true.
It's green, let's cross.
The coronavirus epidemic that started in China and spread all over the world affected many big cities, especially in Europe.
I'll make sure that no one hears about this incident.
As for you, you will bring me your letter of resignation by this evening.
You will bring me your letter of resignation by this evening.
So you're not trying to get in her pants?
Can I have one with chocolate?
I didn't expect that you would be so jealous.
I broke my hand!
You fatso!
Tom did a lot of stupid things as a teenager.
Mary did a lot of stupid things as a teenager.
Mary did a lot of stupid things when she was young.
Kissing can spread the virus.
Social distancing comes naturally to Tom.
Disneyland is closed.
Will it be of use for you?
The pretty girl in the bar blinked at me.
No, I didn't blink at you. There was something in my eye.
Mary became very afraid of her favorite doll when its eyes started to blink continuously for no apparent reason.
West Frisian, Saterland Frisian and North Frisian are Frisian languages.
I'd like to talk to you about the schedule for the next semester.
Everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.
All is for the best in the best of of possible worlds.
You are working for a very powerful man.
Why should I put in an effort to clean up your mess?
You can't give up on me that easily.
Dawn was already drawing near.
You can catch mono from kissing­.
You can catch COVID-from kissing­.
Can you get mono from a kiss?
Can you get COVID-from a kiss?
Meditate.
Gift it to me.
The wife was grumbling at her husband.
I was writing.
I was peeing.
You were drinking.
They were advancing.
Eat some!
Tell it to him!
Tell him it!
Is grumbling all you can do?
They were feeling.
You were feeling.
They will arrive.
We were working.
They were working.
Good lunch.
At least respond to me.
There are still many things we don't know about these animals.
Away!
Let's keep the distance.
I don't speak Italian.
It can't be shared?
Why are boys falling behind at school?
One can't share it?
What are you doing to help them?
Who asked them?
Why are men attracted to women?
Why are women attracted to men?
He is among my favorite authors.
Why are boys so cute?
Why are girls so attractive?
This kebab is too fatty.
Why are guys so attractive?
No one should drink it?
Why is the sun so bright?
Why is water wet?
I don't know where my road is going, but I walk better when my hand touches yours.
Rejection is better than regret.
Birth is never assured like death. And this is the reason that to be born is not enough. It is to be reborn that we are born.
Everything is politics.
Are flowers sold in this business?
On July 16, 1439, King Henry VI banned kissing in England to curtail the spread of the plague.
Tom doesn't have a penny.
My daughter lives with me.
You are not my daughter.
What are they going to do there?
What is she going to do there?
What is he going to do there?
This is really not my concern.
This is really your concern.
Let's sleep instead.
I really want to go to the concert with you, but all the concerts are cancelled.
Is the wine good?
What are we going to do there?
Why is freshly baked bread so good?
Why is this bread so tasty?
I have a very strong cough.
The virus can be transmitted by kissing.
The virus can be transmitted via saliva.
The poets, Thucydides and Euripides, were students of Anaxagoras.
The poets say that sleep is the brother of death.
Tom bought some limited-edition sneakers.
Tom has a sneaker collection.
Tom is a sneakerhead.
Let arms yield to the toga.
Tom has more than pairs of sneakers, but he never wears them.
It is tradition that Rome was built by Romulus and Remus.
I will see my friend for two months.
We were sailing in the sea.
Mary asked her friend if she wanted to come over.
Tom asked his friend if he wanted to come over.
Tom asked his friend if she wanted to come over.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over.
Hannibal sends ambassadors to the Roman senate.
Tom is practicing social distancing.
You promised to marry me.
But what is he/she waiting for me to do?
Value Village locations across Canada are closing out of concern for the coronavirus pandemic.
You don't think about anything.
You did all this?
You already went to Athens?
The fault is on the communists!
You were ready to play this game.
Tom won the elections.
I see a little girl.
The iPad has around millimeters of thickness.
Tom is not very touchy-feely.
Mary is touchy-feely.
Premodernism was the divisor of the waters between these two movements.
Despite having two jobs, the sum of Joao's salaries doesn't surpass a thousand reais.
He doesn't have good vision.
Tom envies Maria's professional success.
It is prohibited to use offensive words or expressions in the whole portal.
One of the side effects of this medicine is weight gain.
Todos tienen los brazos, las piernas, y las cabezaz, ellos caminan y hablan, pero ahora hay ALGO que intenta hacerlos diferentes.
Tom normally uses dating apps.
We never told each other how we felt.
They never told each other how they felt.
Tom and Mary never told each other how they felt.
I'm not a jealous person.
I'm not normally a jealous person.
Mary is like a daughter to me.
Should I risk everything for love?
Tom risked everything for love.
Mary risked everything for love.
Tom decided to risk everything for love.
They decided to risk everything for love.
Tom and Mary decided to risk everything for love.
She was as white as a sheet.
The worst virus is capitalism.
Don't slurp when you eat soup.
We took in a puppy from the shelter for homeless dogs.
Do you have anyone bolder than me?
I've passed by this place many times before, but I never went inside.
Sometimes you can't see the beauty which lies in front of you.
I love this place a lot.
My fiancée is studying history.
No, it's not possible.
You can't enter; it's forbidden.
Actually, we'll only stay for five minutes or so.
Could you please take my picture?
Could you take one more picture?
Could you lend me a bath towel?
Could you lend me an umbrella?
Could you lend me a bicycle?
Where is your fiancée?
Let's warn our elderly.
The risk of dying increases greatly with age.
I want discuss a topic with you if you are available.
I don't have anyone in my life.
The interior of the house creates the illusion of roominess and luxury.
Really, I'm fine like this.
Why did you choose to be alone?
His gaze wandered across the auditorium.
His gaze wandered through the auditorium.
I'm wandering in the dark.
It's not my place to say this.
A clean conscience is the sign of a poor memory.
He will not disappoint me.
I would like you to wear this.
We will continue the search.
My German is very meager.
If it were you, where would you have hidden the stone?
We're not looking at it from the right angle.
Can't see the forest for the trees.
We have to change our point of view.
When he sees this money, he will forget everything.
I knew you wouldn't leave me in the lurch.
The money will go directly to the manager, every last penny of it.
Don't worry, I got it.
I will be with you in a minute.
I'll help you out in a minute.
I know that you can solve this matter.
Your insisting won't change anything.
He looks a little bit tense.
Mary is my child.
He bought them a dog.
What's Algeria's next step?
Algeria remains concerned about a potential massive outbreak of the coronavirus.
Algeria says it's prepared for a potential massive outbreak of the coronavirus.
Is Algeria headed for a recession?
The Algerian government has recommended social distancing measures.
If you cough or sneeze, use the inside of your elbow to cover your mouth and nose.
He's an Algerian science correspondent.
Tom comes from a poor banking family.
Mary is the lastborn child of a poor artist family.
Four of them are Muslim.
His parents are originally from Algeria.
