They want all of their teachers to be Muslim.
He has a very promising career as a Berber teacher.
Muslims, Christians, Jews, and Hindus need to learn more about each other's religion.
The imam knows what needs to be done.
I love this mosque.
We're living such a wonderful life.
Ask God for help.
Talk to God.
"God bless you." God bless you, too."
She's Christian and she works for an Islamic center.
She's Christian and she works for an Islamic library.
She's Christian and she works at an Islamic center.
Are you telling me that I should abandon my Islamic faith?
Are you telling me that I should abandon my Muslim faith?
Are you telling me that this school will force Muslim children to abandon their faith?
You don't have the right to force these Christians to abandon their faith.
You don't have the right to force people to convert to Islam.
She'll be happy.
She knows Boston.
I know Moscow well.
He knows Moscow well.
She knows Moscow well.
He might have read the letter.
I will do my best to help her.
You promised me not to do anything like that again.
"How was your first day?" "Don't ask."
He's a natural for that job.
Turn it down. We're trying to watch a movie here.
Of the $1.trillion in student debt, one-third is owned by only 6% of all student loan borrowers, according to the Brookings Institution.
About one-quarter of those with student loans borrowed for graduate school, but that one-quarter owns about half of all outstanding student loan debt.
U.S. farmers face a growing season plagued by uncertainty about demand for their crops amid the COVID-crisis that is battering the global economy.
We still have to get up and feed the animals, because they don't really care whether we have COVID-or not.
We're just a few weeks away from planting.
In Los Angeles, a city infamous for its congested roads, traffic is now light.
Playgrounds are empty.
Restaurants are only open for takeout and delivery.
“Eerie, it's eerie out there,” M.J. Shoenberg, a Los Angeles resident and preschool teacher, said.
Going to the grocery store has become a stressful experience.
Items such as toilet paper, hand sanitizer and even eggs are hard to find.
She noticed that many people were not observing the recommended social distancing while waiting in line to check out.
There is a lot of tension in the grocery store.
“I was glad that the farmers market was open,” said Shoenberger, who by chance saw a small outdoor farmers market by a park that consisted of three vendors.
She bought some fresh vegetables without having to wait in line.
One of the vendors, a Mexican food stand operator, said since the pandemic, he has lost 80% of his business.
Families are adjusting to the new normal.
My youngest is already saying she misses school and she misses her friends, and that's heartbreaking to hear.
It's nice to be able to spend more time together.
Italy has closed all nonessential businesses.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen, have both tested negative for the coronavirus.
Germany, another hard-hit country, was trying to increase the number of intensive care beds, which now total 28,000, by establishing temporary hospitals in hotels, rehabilitation clinics and other facilities.
The coronavirus could strike as many as million Germans unless proper precautions are taken, including social distancing.
It took three months for the world to reach the first 100,cases of COVID-19, but only days to reach the next 100,000.
Young people are not immune from the disease.
The police used a drone with a loudspeaker to disperse the crowd.
The video rental store said it would not be charging any late fees.
“Today, I have a message for young people: You are not invincible," Tedros said.
This virus could put you in hospital for weeks or even kill you. Even if you do not get sick, the choices you make about where you go could be the difference between life and death for someone else.
Tedros said solidarity was the key to defeating COVID-19.
We have to have fun somehow.
Mary enjoyed game of beach volleyball with her friends.
Tom enjoyed game of beach volleyball with his friends at the park.
Some young German adults have been defying the lockdown and holding so-called "corona parties."
"I admire you." "The feeling is mutual."
He spent last night grading their papers.
You need to take responsibility for your life.
Another A? Congratulations!
I promise I'll do my homework.
I'm turning forty this month.
The Spanish police is using helicopters to spot groups of people gathering outdoors.
We are lucky; we are together, still healthy, with no extra demands beyond a pair of hungry cats.
We have a pile of books to read.
Lisa's boyfriend, a sports doctor, decided to use his shortened work days to learn electric guitar.
Friends and family are setting up Skype and Zoom sessions to stay in touch.
The police use drones equipped with cameras and loudspeakers to find illegal gatherings and disperse crowds.
Tom and Mary went to an après-ski party.
Tom went to an après-ski bar.
Many tourists became infected with the coronavirus after going skiing in Austria's Tyrol region.
The Alpine town of Ischgl in Austria has become a hotbed for the virus.
Many international ski tourists became infected and brought the virus back home.
How did you get that scar on your cheek?
You have reached your free article limit.
The coronavirus is an RNA virus.
Tom is an antisemite.
Tom's an antisemite.
There are still many things we don't know about the construction of the pyramids.
Tom ran to fetch the doctor.
Tom has helped me with moving houses.
I wanted to undeceive Tom.
I would like to open Tom's eyes.
The world is going to change for better.
Tom said that he wouldn't return to Mary.
Companies stopped recruiting people.
Companies may have to dismiss some employees.
People stopped socialising because of the coronavirus.
People are scared of each other.
They told me to keep my distance.
People are ordered to observe a two-meter distance from one another in stores.
Nobody knows how long the pandemic will last.
You are not allowed to go out without a mask.
Many people are quarantined.
Breaking the quarantine is punishable.
The doctor arrived in his horse-drawn buggy.
What he saw surprised him.
What she saw surprised her.
Coronavirus is dangerous to old and sick people.
What I saw surprised me.
Some people break the quarantine.
The borders can remain closed for two years.
How do banks make money?
Fear is not a good adviser.
Fear is a bad adviser.
Two are too many, three's a crowd and four you're dead.
Tom's a Jew hater.
Tom is a Jew hater.
My mother never punished me.
My parents never punished us.
They kissed each other goodbye.
Tom and Mary kissed each other goodbye.
Tom gave Mary a brief kiss.
He gave her a brief kiss.
Oh, look! They're kissing!
Oh, look. They're kissing!
Nearly a dozen Saskatchewan healthcare personnel tested positive for COVID-after a curling bonspiel in Edmonton.
Tom leaned down to kiss Mary, but she turned her head away.
Tom was excited and nervous at the same time.
Mary was excited and nervous at the same time.
I'm in exactly the same situation as you.
Tom and Mary are in the same situation.
Tom and Mary are both self-isolating at home.
Mary painted her nails.
Mary painted her fingernails.
Mary painted her toenails.
Why do women paint their nails? ​
Plácido Domingo has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Chancellor Angela Merkel is in quarantine after being in contact with a doctor who tested positive for the coronavirus.
The coronavirus pandemic is leading to information overload for many people, often making it difficult to separate fact from fiction.
Such falsehoods can endanger public health, sow confusion and fear, and prevent important information from reaching people during a crisis.
Bananas don't prevent people from catching the virus.
We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us.
We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us — that's human nature.
Be wary of important-sounding information that is not coming from a clear, authoritative source, such as local government agencies and health departments, or national and international public health institutes such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization.
Silva said anyone searching for accurate information about the virus needs to act a little like a journalist by verifying suspicious claims.
Be wary of information from groups or news organizations you don’t know.
In some cases, groups spreading misinformation create websites and social media accounts that look like a legitimate news organization.
News stories should include the source of the information. If there’s no source or attribution, be suspicious.
In addition to seeking authoritative sources, journalists also seek to confirm information from multiple sources.
A study by MIT researchers found that false news travels faster than real news. That's because it's often designed to grab people's attention by connecting with their emotions, such as fear or outrage.
Pausing before reposting can save you from embarrassment and prevent falsehoods from spreading farther.
Don't believe everything you see.
Bad actors and trolls looking to exploit people's fears around coronavirus are using a variety of techniques to sow confusion. False news articles are just a small part of this.
Photos and videos can be edited and altered.
Real images can be presented out of context.
Americans have a duty not to add to an already anxious time by spreading misinformation that could alarm others.
Health officials warn that kissing – which involves saliva -- can quickly spread COVID-19.
SARS and MERS are examples of two earlier coronaviruses.
The state’s governor has ordered all non-essential workers to stay home and has told residents to only go out for groceries or the occasional exercise. That leaves people with a lot of free time.
After blizzards and hurricanes, many cities see baby booms.
Officials are urging people to avoid online dating for now.
Consider taking a break from in-person dates.
Video dates, texting or chat rooms may be options for you.
Health officials recommend that you disinfect keyboards and touch screens that you share with others.
You should avoid close contact with anyone outside your household.
Kissing can easily pass COVID-19.
Avoid kissing anyone who is not part of your small circle of close contacts.
Life shouldn’t feel normal right now, so if your life still feels entirely normal, ask yourself if you are doing the right thing.
For Pete's sake, grow a funny bone, will you?
Tom sat on a rock.
Tom sat on the rock.
Tom sat on the large rock.
Tom sat on the large boulder.
Tom climbed the large boulder.
Tom was sitting on a rock.
Mary was sitting on a rock.
I hope Tom was just joking.
I hope Mary was just joking.
I hope you were just joking.
Disneyworld is closed.
Joe Biden stole my bicycle.
Fear is not a good advisor.
We have to stand watch for three hours.
We'd have a bigger chance of survival without Tom.
Tom was married seven times.
We're being attacked!
Tom won't wait anymore.
Tom was due to return an hour ago.
It became dark before we knew it.
Joe Biden lives in a house made of mashed potatoes.
Joe Biden rides an aurochs to work every day.
If you can read this, go home!
She may be wrong.
He stood in the door and didn't let me come in.
Let me kiss it better.
He said that he couldn't come.
The building isn't safe.
Don't be afraid of anything.
Tom must be sick in the head.
She doesn't want to go out with her.
I learned Korean in Korea.
I have been studying Korean for year.
I will call you.
Would you like to go on a date with me?
Please leave me alone!
I was dumped by him.
Would you like to be my boyfriend?
This will and needs to be Bitcoin’s year.
Portuguese seems to be a difficult language.
I really liked her accent!
I can help them if you want me to.
Can I ask you what you see in him?
My story is rather different.
If you're waiting for me to thank you, you've come in vain.
I only came to make sure that you're alright.
I'm quite on edge today.
Everything came at once.
I don't have a dark side.
Everyone's got a secret.
What is your secret?
If there is someone here guarding their secret, then that's you.
I'm not in to mysterious guys anymore.
I don't find mysterious guys attractive anymore.
I will get back to work, if you excuse me.
I guessed you would come.
I couldn't reach him on his phone.
I can also add you to the list, if you want to.
I don't need experience.
Have I seen you before?
He tried killing my father.
Do you know the one who got arrested?
I came here directly.
I don't know what would have happened if you weren't here.
Millions of Americans are under orders Saturday from their state and local governments to stay home, venturing out only for essential needs, including trips to pharmacies, supermarkets, and gas stations, and solo exercise.
California and New York residents have been ordered to stay home to help stop the spread of COVID-19.
SARS-CoV-has disrupted the very fabric of life around the world.
Children no longer go to school.
Adults are either working from home or have been laid off.
Weddings and sports events have been canceled.
Millions of people in the U.S. have applied for unemployment insurance.
Places of worship are closed until further notice.
Nothing is the same.
Medical and emergency workers who are on the front lines of the battle against the virus in the U.S. find themselves ill-equipped for the fight.
The supply of masks and ventilators is either gone or quickly diminishing.
The government has been slow to act.
Cuba, whose economy depends heavily on tourism, said Friday it will not allow any foreign tourists to enter the country
As COVID-sweeps the globe, more and more people are relying on e-commerce to get what they need.
Businesses are seeing a boost in their online sales.
In Sub-Saharan Africa, only about 25% of the population uses the internet, according to World Bank estimate.
Gerardo plans to move back in with his mother and sister.
Now that the restaurant where he works full time is closed, server Gerardo Espiell, 23, plans to move back in with his mother and sister to make ends meet.
“Honestly, it’s kind of crazy,” he says.
I’m very calm about everything.
I’m just taking it day by day.
I have some PTO (paid time off) saved up, so I’m using my PTO.
The family restaurant is owned by her mother, Delores.
Her husband works there, too.
“It’s overwhelming,” she says.
We’re living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now.
We’re living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now. We’re taking it home to our families.
Percy Saloman, who drives for a ride-hailing service in Virginia, is still working, but he’s putting in longer hours for less money.
“Yeah, I’m worried, because right now, this is my second shift, and I only made like $70. And usually, I finish with around $or something,” he says.
Businesses that are deemed as nonessential are closing.
About one in six workers, some 17% of U.S. employees, could be impacted by social distancing, according to an analysis from Ball State University.
Those numbers add up pretty quickly.
The numbers add up pretty quickly.
Syndi and her husband, a tattoo artist whose business is also suffering, are living off money they’ve saved.
I'm lucky to have some savings.
We're lucky to have some savings.
Tom and Mary are lucky to have some savings.
Tom is lucky to have some savings.
If you tell me what you're looking for, maybe I can help you.
“I'm worried. I'm lucky to have some savings, and I know a lot of people don't,” Brooks says.
This wasn't what we intended to save for. We were intending to save for a house.
“So far, the only thing that I can do day by day, is just to keep working longer shifts to be able to provide the same income that I was bringing in before,” he says.
He'll soon come to.
Typically busy streets around the world look like scenes from post-apocalyptic movies.
In Bangkok, the streets are deserted except for military trucks and workers in hazmat suits.
I've never seen anyone die from an electric shock.
This is the new normal.
Look, nothing's wrong with her.
Like a growing number of countries worldwide, France is under lockdown to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
She's not moving an inch.
In France, a fresh baguette is considered as necessary as medicine.
Look, she's fine.
I'll kill you right here!
He can't breathe.
Floridians aren't strangers to natural disasters.
Florida is famous for its hurricanes and floods.
Locals know how to prepare for emergencies.
The coronavirus pandemic that shook the world in the last weeks has affected the “Sunshine state” more than residents could have imagined.
Francis Suarez, the mayor of Miami, tested positive for COVID-19.
Your father is my old friend.
Is he well, as of late?
There is still much experts don't know about the new coronavirus.
You cannot get the coronavirus through mosquito bites.
Cold weather does not kill the virus.
Eating garlic will not hurt you nor will it protect you from the virus.
Home treatments including spraying yourself with bleach or alcohol or sticking your hands under ultraviolet light are not only useless against the virus, but harmful to the skin.
The best way to prevent coronavirus, the WHO says, is using common sense such as hand-washing and social distancing.
One French government minister Monday lamented the large number of young people who are ignoring the recommendations and still packing beaches or whatever bar they find open. He called them "imbeciles."
You understood what I wanted to say.
He was breathing down my neck all day yesterday.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the Tokyo Summer Olympic Games may have to be postponed.
Tom cleaned his mobile phone.
Tom cleaned his phone.
Tom cleaned his smartphone.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends cleaning all “high-touch” surfaces every day, like phones, keyboards and computers.
The virus can live for three days on plastic and stainless steel.
The virus is transmitted when we touch a contaminated surface, like pressing your cheek against a phone screen.
Start by turning the phone off and unplugging it. You want to make sure your phone is not charging when you clean it.
Don’t get the phone wet.
Britons have been urged to not visit their mothers Sunday as the country celebrates Mother’s Day amid a worsening coronavirus outbreak.
Many Britons took to social media Sunday to post about how they would wish their mothers a happy Mother’s Day without risking exposing them to the virus.
As more people across the US stay home due to the threat of the coronavirus, they are learning to adapt to a new way of life.
Tom bought only what he needed from the store.
Mary made cupcakes.
Mary decorated the cupcake.
“The coronavirus is slowing our economy to a near standstill,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York said on the Senate floor last week.
We're almost certainly anticipating a recession.
“For days we have lived in fear of the virus and then we woke up to the destructive force of an earthquake,” said Maja Beck, who watched in horror as things rattled around her.
“Initially, a new horror, annulled the other. But in the end, the virus turned out to be much more deadly and it is not over yet,” she added.
Should I spend the night at home or go back to my friend's house?
Part of Croatia was rattled by a strong 5.earthquake, followed by a series of aftershocks.
The historic core of the capital Zagreb suffered heavy damages, but there was no immediate human loss.
Physicians are fighting to save the life of a 15-year-old girl who was first believed to be dead when rescuers pulled her from a pile of rubble.
To make matters worse, the morning was exceptionally cold.
Many households lost water, gas or electricity.
Tom lost his internet connection.
The earthquake damaged many old buildings.
The quake damaged many old buildings.
The two initial quakes were followed by at least aftershocks, causing panic and forcing people into the street just after authorities imposed strict quarantine rules and penalties for breaking them.
The government and health authorities responded promptly and efficiently.
The boy asked the girl to dance.
The boy asked the girl if she wanted to dance.
Your hands are like ice.
Nigeria has warned against using the drug chloroquine to fight COVID-after three people were hospitalized after overdosing on it.
I converted it to MP3.
Do you eat well?
It's an unethical industry.
I wish I was born in Paris.
Are you really sure that this is a safe place?
Is it for free?
Which do you prefer, Australia or New Zealand?
No state has the right to exist.
The right of a state to exist is antithetical to the principle supposedly underlying liberal democracy, that people who are subject to a state's rule have the right to abolish it.
May I sit behind you?
All functions considered in this chapter are real.
Jane was unfairly dismissed from her post.
Trump calls the coronavirus the "Chinese virus."
It's several thousand years old.
Having done something well, one should say, "Look here, I have done something well," else nobody will notice.
Shall I explain the joke?
Should I explain the joke for you?
Do you think Tom knows already?
You think Tom already knows?
The United States has never been a democratic society.
From the very beginning of the United States, a large number of people were disenfranchised by design, and this remains true today.
What were you even thinking?!
Pee!
People used to call me lazy, but now all of a sudden I'm a responsible citizen.
Life fits into home.
She has just come home.
She just got home.
She was playing the guitar and he was singing.
I don't drink while at work.
We must be quiet.
Hat off!
My former wife could at least cook.
Oakland is a sanctuary city.
Seattle is a sanctuary city.
Boston is a sanctuary city.
Is Boston a sanctuary city?
Big changes can be expected.
Balthazar, at random!
It's at random, Balthazar!
Those who waste water are not those who bring it back.
It is not those who bring back the water who waste it.
He gave her a dressing-down.
He gave him a dressing-down.
Britney Spears has called for wealth redistribution and a general strike.
Wall Street had a record-setting day Tuesday with investors optimistic that economic relief from Congress for the coronavirus pandemic may be very close.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average shot up more than 2,points — its highest one-day point gain in history — an 11% rise that put the Dow back over the 20,mark.
Wall Street is still in what investors call a bear market, where wild up and down swings in stock prices are common.
In Italy, the Veneto region has initiated mass screening of citizens to find asymptomatic carriers of coronavirus.
The aim of the mass screening is to identify all those who are carrying COVID-but show no symptoms.
Professor Crisanti said epidemics must be fought on three fronts: with hospitalization and intensive care, with discipline at home limiting all social contacts and with active surveillance, that is, identifying all those who are unaware they can transmit a disease.
This week, thousands of U.S. schools closed as officials sought to contain the new coronavirus.
School closures present new challenges for families who rely on the schools’ free meals and who don’t have the technology needed for their children to study at home.
The World Health Organization said Tuesday the United States could soon become the epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic.
Tom tried to bribe the policeman.
Our dog has never bitten anyone.
Tom's beard is as white as snow.
That's the first time I've seen Mary smile.
I only went downstairs for minutes.
Tom rubbed his hands in front of the heater.
Write your own name on the dotted line.
Winter is back.
Tom's PIN is the last digits of pi.
And I'm still in love with her.
The swallows are migratory birds which arrive in autumn.
You think in this way and I think in that way.
His house is across the river.
Esther lived in a shtetl.
Esther lived in a small town.
Who gave you so much money?
You will like this game.
Does she have a husband?
It is the end of summer.
This is the end of world as we know it.
People will soon learn the truth.
There are almost no planes flying in the sky.
A military operation is under way.
Bad people will be arrested and judged for their crimes.
Whatever is happening, don't be afraid.
Tom gradually began to lose his sense of smell.
Losing your sense of smell can be a symptom of COVID-19.
There will be no more suffering.
Blessed are those who come back.
If not, you might end up in trouble.
If not, he may cause you trouble.
You don't know what trouble is.
Let's hear it, curly!
How did you find this place?
They only do what they are instructed to do.
I followed you because I didn't know who you were.
That guy is a weasel.
I'm bigger than him.
Mary always creates chaos.
There's a big difference between both.
Tom sees conspiracy in everything.
I'm not the only one that wants Mary to resign.
I don't trust your judgement of good and bad.
I don't trust your judgement of what's right and wrong.
I think the sawmill has closed.
Some industrial cities stink.
Do you want something specific?
I'm laughing too hard.
Tom needs to wash his jeans.
I remember that kids in high school would draw on their jeans with a ballpoint pen.
I know you are, but what am I?
Check his grammar.
That was a huge mistake of mine.
Doc, things are going too well for me.
Back up.
Lean forward.
Don't curse in front of the children.
Let it update.
Quit mashing my buttons.
Simon says, step forward three steps.
Mary hears voices in her head.
I just bought a bottle of vitamin C tables.
Make sure you don't get scurvy.
Clean under your nails.
Wash your hands before sitting down at the dinner table.
We are in lockdown.
Where can I find firewood?
Each hiker needs to carry a gallon of water.
My laptop is slow.
Tom is obsessed with scurvy.
Mary has scurvy. She's only been eating junk food from the corner store?
My cat followed me to the corner store. She put her paws on the plate glass window outside and meowed at me.
My cat loves to chase coins.
Fireball, an orange tabby cat, loves to terrorize all the cats in the neighborhood.
Where's the tire pump for the bicycle?
Tom was found dead in a ditch beside the road.
I'm not comfortable with saying.
Hand sanitizer is one of the products Americans have been stockpiling during the coronavirus outbreak.
Instead of producing whiskey, gin or vodka, Falls Church Distillers is busy making high-alcohol-content hand sanitizers.
It's hard to remember because the crime happened so fast.
Distillery workers say they’re happy to shift their business model because it helps the local community while also keeping them employed.
“I went on Amazon just to look at what was available on Amazon and it looks like people are ripping everyone off," says employee Kallie Stavros.
It's nice to just kind of help the local community and still have a job.
I feel really lucky right now.
Great. We're going to get scurvy if we can't get fresh fruits and vegetables.
Britain's Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has tested positive for the coronavirus, Buckingham Palace announced Wednesday.
The palace said the prince, 71, had only mild symptoms and was otherwise in good health.
The future British king is self-isolating at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, with his wife, Camilla.
Prince Charles last met his mother, Queen Elizabeth, on March 9.
Do you grammar check your work?
The prince’s official London residence, Clarence House, issued a statement saying it was impossible to ascertain where he caught the virus, owing to the high number of engagements he carried out in his public role during recent weeks.
Queen Elizabeth has left London to stay in Windsor Castle outside the capital, with her husband, Prince Philip.
Queen Elizabeth issued a statement on the coronavirus pandemic last week, saying that “we all have a vitally important part to play as individuals — today, and in coming days, weeks and months.”
This time I will win.
Tourists have all but disappeared from the capital.
Global stock indexes surged Wednesday as U.S. government leaders agreed on a $trillion rescue package for the world’s largest economy.
The mayor of Bergamo, Giorgio Gori, says his province, like many others in Italy, were not prepared for the coronavirus outbreak.
A case of pneumonia at a hospital in Bergamo province in late February was not recognized as coronavirus at the time.
Gori believes that patient infected others, including doctors and nurses.
Gori says another event is also believed responsible for the rapid spread of the virus in his province: a Champions League soccer game played February 19.
Hospitals in the province of Bergamo have since been overwhelmed with patients.
The death toll has not stopped rising and the province had nowhere to take bodies.
Where did you put the hand sanitizer?
We're falling behind.
The government was forced to request help from funeral services of other Italian regions.
The army helped to take many of the bodies to crematoriums in other cities.
The commissioner said Italy is facing an emergency without precedent and everyone must do their utmost to ensure that “this emergency does not spread to those regions where so far it has been contained.”
I was supposed to learn about everything and report it.
What did you say happened?
Istanbul is Turkey's largest city.
Mary has a beef with Tom.
Mary and Tom work at the restaurant.
Istanbul has a population of more than million people.
Istanbul accounts for a fifth of Turkey's population.
Every night across Istanbul, like in other Turkish towns and cities, people cheer and whistle from their balconies or windows in support of the country's medical workers.
With its culture of street restaurants, Istanbul is a city that loves to live outside.
Now, the streets are silent and empty, devoid of bustling tables of customers enjoying the city's famed culinary pleasures.
Even prayers at mosques are suspended, possibly a first in the city's long history.
In its 3,000-year history Istanbul has faced plagues and invasions. It is now bracing itself for this latest challenge.
Istanbul's mayor, Ekrem Imamoglu, is calling on the people to stay strong in the face of the COVID-pandemic.
People over were banned from leaving home.
We're out of cheese.
Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to contain this virus.
Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to fight COVID-19.
His German is crap.
My bicycle was painted metallic blue.
Britain joined several other European countries in ordering the closure of all non-essential shops and services.
My dog likes to do flips when he leaps onto the couch.
Food is not the only thing people have been stocking up on in California – there are also lines in front of some gun stores.
Your father trained you well.
We're having a BBQ on Sunday and you're invited.
My iPhone chargers keep breaking. They just fall apart.
Should we call in the cavalry?
Why is everyone in this meeting named "Mary"?
I need to work more on infighting.
I hate to say it, but Tom is a stubborn as a donkey.
Who was that guy you were with?
She didn't ask me.
Not exactly.
Can I have one of your pickle spears?
Let's order a sandwich.
Cats like to poop in our kids' sandbox.
Heck, it's not a big deal.
I wasn't able to thank you last night.
Try to wear him out.
Your dog is heckin' fast.
Schucks, she noticed.
I got food poisoning and began to hallucinate. Shoot, I almost died.
What will happen to the guy who attacked you?
Can you buy more of that stinky French cheese?
I can understand how the guy feels.
Hospitals are overwhelmed.
I'm getting tired of this game.
I hate first-person shooter video games.
Get your ducks in a row.
You would also have tried to kill the offender, wouldn't you?
On Saturday, we're having a barn-raising event for the Johnsons.
Has anyone noticed?
I'm tired of always having to charge my cell phone.
That kid needs help rather than punishment.
We will provide him with that help.
Last night you were talking to someone at the party.
Her name should have been on the list.
She teaches at the university.
She was teaching my cousin.
Why don't you want to understand?
Your father is a businessman.
I haven't been there for years.
I haven't seen you since graduation.
I want to speak to my client before the interrogation starts.
Did my mother send you?
She's ashamed of me.
I only wanted to find out where my father is.
I wanted to scare him.
Did my father die?
I killed your father.
Let's see what Tom digs up.
Tom has never washed his coffee mug.
Tom's employment of seventeen years at the autoparts store felt like a dream in retrospect.
Tom likes to kick ass.
Try to control your rage.
Give me your hand, I'll explain it to you later.
These nuts are rancid.
He's a sick man.
You keep lurching on your feet. Are you drunk?
He's a superstar.
I'm binge watching the new series.
I like to pig out.
Don't buy more ice cream.
Tom has PTSD from working as a firefighter.
I've changed since you met me.
Tom can eat nails.
Tom ate the last slice of cheese.
Mosquitoes are actually attracted to stinky feet.
Mary felt better physically after losing fifty pounds, but mentally she felt extremely depressed.
Tom's mind, once a dungeon, became a paradise.
Tom learned how to breathe slowly and how to soothe himself when he felt a panic attack coming on.
"Mary, you need to be gentle with yourself," stated Tom. "You're competing with people that don't even know you exist."
"Let's park here," said Mary. "No, we'll get towed," replied Tom.
I can never find anything in the store.
This box is too heavy for me.
Don't drink so much juice!
Stop leaving empty cartons in the fridge!
I found the dog chewing on a razor blade.
Stop and think.
Try not to purposely make others envious.
Turn right at the light.
Turn left after the pizza restaurant.
Don't honk the horn.
Road rage is an problem in my country.
This tennis ball is covered with dog slobber.
Have you packed your bags?
The Olympics have been delayed for about a year.
Tom had never been through a pandemic before.
Pandemics are not fun.
Tom doesn't like pandemics.
Tom filled his whole house with toilet paper.
Tom bought some baby carrots.
Tom read a book about the Spanish flu of 1918.
The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities.
The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities due to COVID-19.
The Salt Lake City police department asked that all criminal activities/nefarious behavior cease until further notice due to COVID-19.
The police department asked all criminal activities and nefarious behavior to cease.
Returnees from Western countries are bringing a new wave of coronavirus cases to parts of Asia such as Hong Kong and Taiwan just as health authorities there were getting their outbreaks under control.
People deplaning from heavily infected places such as Western Europe and the United States brought new cases of COVID-19.
Tom buttered his bread.
The Vatican is inviting Christians around the world to join Pope Francis in prayer against the coronavirus pandemic.
The British government Monday banned gatherings of more than two people — unless they're from the same household.
Neighbors on British street this week pulled together to help an eight-year-old girl celebrate her birthday after coronavirus lockdown regulations left her stuck in her house.
The entire street in a Southhampton neighborhood Wednesday sang “Happy Birthday” out their windows for the girl — named “Sophia” — who stood outside her home in tears as she listened.
Germany's lower house of Parliament - the Bundestag - approved an $billion aid package Wednesday to cushion the economy from the direct impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
In order to fund the emergency measures, Chancellor Angela Merkel's government is planning to take on more than $billion in new debt for the first time since 2013.
As a precaution, members of Parliament were spaced widely apart during the debate in Berlin's Reichstag building for the session.
Classes have moved online.
Blow out the candle.
Turn around and look.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth.
Like I care.
This is disturbing news.
I'm having an allergic reaction.
Where is your poodle?
Does this look bad?
Let me contemplate your response.
He thinks he's giving a soliloquy.
I like to photograph the cheesy carpet patterns found in airports.
That's a wolf.
Yep, that sucks.
On Tatoeba, users don't use Tom's name in their sentences. Tom attracts sentences to him during the post process.
The moderators banned me from the website for seven days.
What a dork.
Is this decaf coffee?
Quick. Look outside!
My windshield has been cracked for the second time this year.
Did you buy sunflower seeds?
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.
I'm a mouse.
There's a mouse in the pantry.
I can under no circumstances forgive her.
Which lies tell the truth?
The coffee's cold.
What subjects do you like best?
I point the fan at my upper torso and I wrap an electric blanket around my lower half. My body temperature finds an equilibrium between hot and cold.
Can I borrow your book for a minute?
I really like studying languages.
I assure you that that isn't necessary.
Did you just eat forty servings of pudding?
That was too harsh of you.
I have no idea how I did it.
Tom is interested in maths.
Put the cornbread on the table.
They should apologize.
I'd like to try it.
It was slow and painful.
I guess last night was full of action.
Learn a bit from that kid.
Now, that looks yummy. I'd like to try it.
That looks fun. I'd like to try it.
I like silent movies.
Don't feed the pigeons, please.
That looks delicious. I'd like to try it.
Last year, my father passed away.
When bee-eaters regroup and come and go before migrating, it is surely to make sure that they do not forget any of their own.
There are a lot of trees in the city.
I am washing my hands because they are dirty.
There isn't much water in the pond
I am too old for that.
It is the same book that I had.
"I've started practicing omerta." "You're doing it wrong."
Do not touch your eyes, nose or mouth.
The more languages you master, the simpler you'll find them.
That's enough nonsense.
I dropped my laptop.
Wait a moment for it to refresh.
Tom has adult attention deficit disorder (ADD).
Jump up.
Run and go get it.
Don't eat all of the snacks.
Tom needs to clip or pluck the hairs on his nose and ears.
Can you get my wallet?
My bag is missing.
Someone stole my purse from the car.
Call the credit card call center.
I lost my card.
The cat is soaking wet.
The dog is covered in mud.
Two scoops of ice cream please.
Can you make Tom an ice cream cone?
Where's the difference?
Quit kicking my seat!
Stop looking at her.
She's a user/abuser.
I wish there was a mountain stream running through my office.
First you have to clear the roadkill.
I was dreaming and then I woke up and said the weirdest thing.
Do you take meds?
The dog is starving.
The cat keeps begging for food.
I have dissociative amnesia.
Tom forgot that he was once an inventor.
I love your cat.
My veterinarian makes house calls.
It's a fiat currency.
I want to eat rare hamburger meat.
Tom fell off the bridge.
The doctor will patch you up.
She'll call soon.
The bridge is out.
Can you check?
She's had a lot of plastic surgery.
Tom likes to kill frogs.
Mary secretly recorded her co-workers.
Tom is the family scapegoat.
Listen to how people talk about others. They'll likely talk about you in the same way.
Will dogs be able to talk one day? Maybe...
I just got back from walking the neighbor's dog.
Thank you for your kind gesture.
The Pharisees believed anyone could become learned in Torah, regardless of their station in life.
Jews see the Pharisees as a democratizing movement.
Look at the sky!
I can't hear anything you're saying.
It's too humid out.
Do you think you will feel better in a while?
The correct answer isn't always in the middle.
The truth isn't always somewhere in the middle.
Both sides don't always make equally good points.
Both sides of an argument aren't always equally valid.
Could you give me a little taste of your slice of cake? I just want to try it.
Spain is reeling under the onslaught of the coronavirus.
Hospitals are running out of critical supplies.
About a third of medical staff have been contaminated by the highly contagious virus.
Intensive care units and hospitals are on the verge of collapse.
Medical staff have been using garbage bags as protective gowns.
The number of deaths is increasing.
"We now have people who have been on ventilators for 20, days," Cuomo said. "The longer you are on a ventilator, the more likely you are not going to come off the ventilator. That is what is happening."
New York is also looking at "splitting" ventilators — refitting one machine with two sets of tubes in order to assist two people simultaneously.
A patient who contracted the virus earlier this month warns the world to be careful because the virus can be passed by those who show no symptoms.
Italy’s rate of coronavirus infection slowed for a fourth day Thursday, with many hopeful that the long lockdown is providing the results everyone has been praying for.
The problem with this virus is when it gets to your lungs because it attacks them aggressively and causes a very serious pneumonia with an extremely high percentage of death.
“It’s a horrible feeling not to be able to breathe,” he said.
Rossi is very grateful towards those who treated him.
My thanks go to all the doctors and nurses of the hospital’s infectious diseases unit.
"My thanks go to all the doctors and nurses of the hospital’s infectious diseases unit, they are the true heroes of this battle. Every day they work in extreme conditions, psychologically under pressure and with the constant fear of contracting the virus and of not being able to return home to their families," he said.
He said the experience has changed his life and taught him to appreciate the small things he took for granted: “living, breathing, a walk, a hug, a glass of wine, freedom.”
Jeremy Filko is using his 3-D printer to create plastic mask shields for doctors, nurses and other first responders.
People are rushing to stock up on supplies as the coronavirus pandemic rages on.
There are shortages of masks and disinfectant being reported all over the world.
Across the world, people are stepping forward to help the most vulnerable.
Across the world, people are stepping forward to help the most vulnerable, offering hope that societies can overcome the huge disruption caused by the virus.
Cafe owner Amirah Gajia is among those who have stepped forward to help Britain's NHS workers.
She doesn't know when the cafe will reopen.
The Berlin Philharmonic is closed, but classical music buffs can relive Beethoven’s Symphony No. 9, under chief conductor Kirill Petrenko’s baton.
Anyone stuck at home and longing for some exercise can log into the Dutch National Ballet’s dance class on YouTube.
As the coronavirus forces Europe's cultural institutions under lockdown, artistic expression is nonetheless thriving — online and free of charge.
For a lot of museums, it’s a very sad moment.
A raft of museums are now promoting online visits.
“Right now, visiting a museum online is entertainment for those with time on their hands,” he said.
In the French capital, the Paris Philharmonie has joined European counterparts in rebroadcasting some of its greatest concerts.
A concert is different than just going online to find music.
concert is different than just going online to find music. You really feel the atmosphere and the tension.
“A concert is different than just going online to find music. You really feel the atmosphere and the tension. It’s an activity families can share,” said Hugues de Saint Simon, the Philharmonie’s secretary-general.
The philharmonic has seen new audiences accessing the virtual concerts, and when they come to Paris, they may go to a real concert.
The lockdowns are devastating Europe’s cultural industry.
French cinemas across the country are shut because of coronavirus.
For Paris-based actress and dancer Claire Tran, France’s lockdown that started mid-March came as a shock.
Claire was wrapping up final rehearsals for a lyrical opera at the Champs-Elysees Theater. Hours later, she got notice the show was off.
“I honestly did not imagine for a second that we would shut down,” she said.
Tran has been promised full compensation, but friends working at smaller, less prestigious venues may not get paid for canceled performances.
“The principle is solidarity,” Tran noted. “They’re offering classes and artistic pieces on social media and Zoom for free, because nobody is making money right now. There's a good spirit in all of this.”
As the G-leaders discussed a global plan to address the pandemic, COVID-continued its spread.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called on the G-leaders to approach the pandemic as if they were preparing to go to war, declaring “we are at war with a virus and not winning it.”
We are at war with the virus and we are not winning.
India's 21-day ban on venturing out puts nearly one-fifth of the world's population under lockdown.
Nobody is making money right now.
The machines navigate using a combination of pre-programmed maps and real-time sensing including Lidar, which sends and receives light pulses to create a 3-D scan of the ever-changing surroundings.
A restaurant in Vietnam has created a way for its customers to “take a bite” out of the coronavirus that has disrupted much of the world — by serving burgers designed to look like the actual virus.
Hanoi pizza shop owner and chef Hoang Tung said he wanted to make something that would make people happy when they came to eat in his restaurant.
Tom said he wanted to make something that would make people happy when they came to eat in his restaurant.
Tung fashioned a hamburger bun with characteristic bumps and protrusions resembling those found on the microscopic virus itself.
It seems to make his customers happy.
Customers have said that eating a burger shaped like the virus makes them feel like they have somehow beaten it.
There's a boulder blocking the mountain pass.
Tom likes to catch fish with a bow and arrow.
Jiang Feng's servant hired the "Twelve Zodiacs" to kill him. They ambushed him and his wife Yuenu.
Jiang Feng escaped and afterwards Yuenu gave birth to two boys, but the zodiacs had been lying in wait and ambushed them. Suddenly two princesses from Yihua Palace appeared. They made Yuenu kill herself, and shortly after, Jiang Feng committed suicide.
Meanwhile, Jiang Qin distracted Jiang Feng's older brother Yan Daxia.
Yan Daxia realised he had been lied to and flew to Jiang Feng's side. He took Jiang Feng's son and left. Yan Daxia vowed revenge and left the boy with a spice merchant.
Afterwards, he set off for Villain Valley.
Tom dated Mary, his doctor.
The dog is choking on something.
Camel milk is good for people with diabetes.
Red blood cells have no nucleus.
People are afraid of the future.
Do you want to play volleyball?
Tom is addicted to his cellphone.
If someone in the class has a birthday, the teacher always draws a flag on the blackboard.
I wonder how she is doing.
I hope she is OK.
The heater is aglow with a beautiful orange color.
Make these edits.
Can you start over again?
Look out below!
The luggage is missing.
It's colder than usual tonight.
Your performance was sloppy.
Everyone came to the blackboard to write down their name.
This pub has very beautiful waitresses.
Let's go home together!
How does heat travel across space?
He studies a lot but makes little progress.
Look at my new poster.
The business is comprised of eighty employees.
It is a complex algorithm.
No shouting!
Alert the neighbors!
We must fight against alcoholism.
My nostrils are sore from blowing my nose so often lately.
The human virome comprised of trillion viruses.
It's a complex algorithm.
"Tom and Mary are identical twins." "How's that possible? Has one of them undergone sex reassignment surgery?"
My father has recently returned from Japan.
May I try that on?
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested positive for COVID-19.
U.S. stocks opened sharply lower Friday after a three-day rally .
A record 3.million people filed for U.S. unemployment benefits this week.
The coronavirus pandemic has forced many office workers to do their jobs from home.
Employees have lunch together over video chat.
Employees use emojis to express how they are feeling.
The Malaysian Rubber Glove Manufacturers Association says that with lockdown’s orders that factories operate with no more than half their usual workforce, even with extra overtime, there could be a chronic shortage of medical gloves.
Indonesia’s Mount Merapi, the nation’s most active volcano, erupted Friday, sending ash some five kilometers into the air.
The eruption lasted about seven minutes.
The eruption produced pyroclastic flows – a mixture of hot gas, lava and other volcanic material – that traveled up to two kilometers from the volcano’s crater.
Authorities advised residents not to approach within three kilometers of the volcano.
Tom and Mary's vacation turned into a nightmare.
Tom and Mary's dream vacation turned into a nightmare.
The airline canceled Tom's flight.
The airline canceled Tom and Mary's flight.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't love him.
Tom was scheduled to fly back to Boston today.
Tom and Mary were scheduled to fly back to Europe today.
Tom and Mary are worried that their flight might be cancelled.
Tom and Mary are worried that their new flight might also be canceled.
It is a huge tree.
Tom lined up at the immigration bureau to extend his visa.
Germany sent a plane to rescue German tourists who were stranded in Nepal.
Up to 10,tourists are believed to be stranded in Nepal, after the governement ordered the closure of all road and air travel.
Spring is the tourist season for Nepal.
More than 2,foreign tourists are stranded in Bali.
The Indonesian government has granted all tourists automatic visa extensions.
A Qatar Airways charter flight arranged by the German government has picked up hundreds of tourists stranded in Nepal as the country went on lockdown at the beginning of this week.
The government ordered a countrywide lockdown that included halting all flights and road travel as a prophylactic measure to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Up to 10,tourists were stranded in Nepal as result of shutdown.
When the COVID-virus attacks, it turns the patient's own cells into virus factories.
COVID-turns the patient's own cells into virus factories.
It starts at the surface of the cell, when the virus latches on to a protein that normally helps regulate the patient's blood pressure.
The cell unwittingly brings the virus inside, where the attacker unloads its cargo: instructions for making more virus.
Despite all the science behind drug development, scientists often don't know exactly how medications work.
"In a lot of cases, we don't know all their mechanisms of action," said University of Manitoba virologist Jason Kindrachuk. "Sometimes we actually find that there are effects that we didn't recognize initially."
Drugs frequently have multiple effects.
Our cells often use the same machinery to do different jobs.
Sometimes the results are unwanted side effects. But sometimes they offer opportunities to treat entirely different conditions.
When bald men taking the blood pressure medication minoxidil grew hair, the drug was repurposed as the blockbuster hair-growth product Rogaine.
Viagra was originally developed to treat chest pains from heart disease.
Viagra's impacts on erectile dysfunction were an unexpected — and lucrative — surprise.
His group is screening thousands of drugs to see if they work against the virus in a test tube.
Several teams are pursuing similar strategies, using robots to run large numbers of tests at once.
Other scientists are working to unravel how the virus interacts with the different processes happening inside human cells, and looking for drugs that act on those processes.
We are only too aware that we were very lucky.
Our flight to Rome was one of only a handful that had not been cancelled.
After our Eurowings flight landed, we entered Terminal at Rome’s Fiumicino airport. Uniformed officers shouted at us to keep a distance from each other, and we all were told to stand in line so our temperatures could be taken.
The next line was to fill out a form that declared where we were coming from and where we were going.
I had never seen Rome airport so empty.
As we were driven on Rome’s notoriously busy ring road, we could not believe how few cars we passed.
As we drove into town, there were many police roadblocks, but no one stopped us.
We saw virtually no people or cars – a surreal scene for residents long accustomed to Rome’s unbearable traffic with its honking cars and scooters whizzing by left and right.
It dawned on us very quickly there would be no freedom of movement for any of us.
We were exhausted but happy to get home at pm.
We went to bed knowing our lives in Italy were not going to be anything like what we knew in the past.
The weather at this time of the year is beautiful.
When we look outside, we see no one.
Everyone is locked up at home in self-isolation.
The rare person who walks by heading to buy food is wearing a protective mask and gloves.
Tom and Mary were exhausted but happy.
The boys and I looked at each other and asked ourselves a question no one is able to answer: How long is this going to last?
It took my 18-year-old twin sons and me an entire day to get home from England.
Johnson said he has “a temperature and a persistent cough” that he described as “mild symptoms” of the virus.
“Be in no doubt that I can continue” to work, he said, “thanks to the wizardry of modern technology …to lead the national fight against the coronavirus.”
Italy and Spain have been particularly hard hit by the outbreak.
Denmark and Sweden are connected by the Øresund Bridge.
Sweden still allows gatherings of up to people.
I wish Tom a speedy recovery.
I can do this without any help.
Torah is greater than the priesthood or the monarchy.
What's your older brother's name?
What kind of sport do you do?
They do not tell us everything.
It's not a bank.
It's not a bank. It's a currency exchange office.
The station is five minutes' walk from here.
Stay where you are until the story is resolved.
Do more than you learn.
This is about the hawk and other birds. Maybe he dances better than they do, especially when he flies on the starlings! As for the song, that of other birds is much better, despite that it boasts.
For lo, the ewe goat was comely in appearance, hence the shepherd knew her twice upon the hill.
Tell him to go home.
Tell her to go home.
Tell them to go home.
My favorite color's orange.
Why are you nervous, my friend?
I want to meet your family someday.
Practice more than you study.
Our success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
The apple is rotten.
Is that why you hired me?
It'll be done in two minutes.
During the epidemic, my bank made all customers use the drive-thru.
The color choices are impeccable.
My name is mud.
Where's the magic?
Part of the roof fell off.
The drummer is also the lead singer of that band.
We all are helping Tom.
It is seven p.m. here.
This mountain is covered with snow all year long.
Our great country is unmatched in the world.
They fight for their country.
He thought, If I don't study hard, how can I be worthy of my countrymen?
When I'm away from home, I miss it dearly, but when I am at home, I want to travel.
The way a country treats its intellectuals is a sign of its civility. The way a country treats its farmers is a sign of its conscience.
Farmers are the heart of a country.
As long as it's not a fatal mistake, it is ok to fail.
She stayed by his side through thick and thin.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
The tram will arrive on time.
I left my umbrella on the tram.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them on the tram.
The tram leaves in minutes.
The atmosphere was oppressive.
And what should they know of England who only England know?
Tom waved at Mary from across the street.
Tom waved at Mary from really far away.
I thought everything would turn out just fine.
Tom thought everything would turn out just fine.
I thought everything would turn out just fine, but I was wrong.
Everything will be fine. Don't worry.
Many members of indigenous tribes in the Amazon have weaker immune systems.
Amazon tribes are at risk from the coronavirus.
A doctor working with indigenous communities has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Angela Merkel tested negative for the virus.
Ventilators move air in and out of a patient's lungs.
For how long can we continue like this?
Insects are attracted to light.
Her mother is a very beautiful woman.
Tom watched a zombie movie.
Tom and Mary watched a zombie movie.
Eating dim sims is a bad habit.
Eating snacks is a bad habit.
Ahhh, it's snack time.
Ahh, it's dim sim time.
SARS-CoV-is believed to have come from a bat.
I love the Dim sims from Tim Ho Wan.
The new coronavirus is believed to have come from a bat who contaminated a pangolin at a wildlife market in China.
Echo had nothing to do with the coronavirus.
Every day I take the tram to the office.
Enemies are approaching from the north side!
A wise man should profit from his mistakes.
The community will benefit from the new industry.
If you are my friends, come with me.
Mary is a timid girl.
Their name is Legion.
What do I have to do with that?
The students were put in groups of three.
Why don't you just stop doing it?
I don't know which is better.
Why don't you just stop thinking about it?
Why don't you just stop worrying about it?
Both are equally good.
Each is equally good.
Tom drained his glass.
I don't dare state my opinion.
I dare not speak my mind.
I think this wine is too sweet.
The Romans mixed wine with water.
Tom usually adds milk to his coffee.
We will leave as soon as Tom arrives.
Lunch will be ready shortly.
Tom bought many kinds of flowers.
I really like this fruit.
Tom sprinkled salt on the meat.
The food is excellent.
Tom is in charge of the kitchen.
This is where my life is.
All commercial flights will be grounded until the end of the month.
After two weeks in quarantine at my sister’s house I’ll be able to see my parents, who are in their mid-60s and therefore at high risk.
When I woke up on my first morning back in my hometown, I asked my 5-year-old nephew what the plan was for the day. “We’re going to make chocolate chip cookies,” he told me.
Do you speak Latin also?
Tom returned from his journey on the first of January.
Tom pulled his phone out.
Are you going to Boston too?
Do as you wish.
She's squirreling away her money.
You need to inject pauses into your oratory delivery.
He's a physical freak.
Tom and Mary went on a virtual date.
Tom attended a virtual class.
Students can attend virtual classes.
My liver is sore.
Can you stop tapping your foot?
Many children dread their parents.
I fancied myself an expert.
I knew better than that.
Why did he ask for it?
Coronavirus has demonstrated that the most essential jobs are the ones that are paid the least.
All those to whom I made a dedication of the novel-story that I finished writing in (which is therefore at least twenty years old) tell me: "Well my friend, if you were interested soon in writing, you could have been a good writer!" On the one hand, they remind me of my misfortune or they congratulate me, unless it is something else! sarcasm, maybe? Heck! Poor me!
Tom and Mary made some chocolate chip cookies.
Mary baked some cookies.
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.
I've never been this sick, ever.
"I've never been this sick, ever," said Carlos.
Tom had never been this sick.
"I've never been this sick, ever," said Tom.
Carlos Gavidia epitomizes the American dream. A Peruvian-born immigrant, he rose from Washington hot dog vendor to become the CEO of a financial services company.
Now retired, Gavidia has enjoyed the good life, skiing in Colorado and taking his boat to the Bahamas for long excursions.
But that seems a distant memory now.
But that seems a distant memory.
But that seems like a distant memory.
But that seems like a distant memory now.
But that seems a distant memory now as Gavidia fights for every breath while his body battles the coronavirus.
Earlier this month, Gavidia flew his family of four to Aspen for his son’s spring break from college.
In what would prove to be a fateful decision, he and his wife enjoyed brunch at a fancy resort.
The hotel later announced it was closing after two guests tested positive for COVID-19.
First his wife began showing COVID-symptoms.
First, Tom started some COVID-symptoms. Two days later Mary was sick too.
“I’ve never been this sick, ever – the fever, the headaches, it just won’t go away,” he said.
On March 21, Gavidia called from his cellphone.
Tom called from his cellphone.
Tom could not catch his breath.
Fearing COVID-19, the EMTs refused to come inside the house.
Gavidia was forced to walk outside and stand in the middle of the street.
He said goodbye to his family and his wife, thinking he might never see them again.
Tom said goodbye to his family and his wife, thinking he might never see them again.
Gavidia said he’d heard about coronavirus patients who “die by themselves because they're contagious -- so when I'm saying goodbye to my wife, I thought that could be it.”
Gavidia tested positive for COVID-in the hospital and was sent home to quarantine.
By this time, his entire family was battling fevers.
All four lost their sense of taste and smell.
His symptoms and suffering were the most severe.
Zack Armstrong handed his active, soccer-playing roommate his cellphone to call 911.
Tom asked Mary to call 911.
Tom asked his roommate to call 911.
The roommate, 27, could not lift his arm to grasp the phone. That’s when Armstrong knew something was horribly wrong.
That's when Tom knew something was horribly wrong.
That's when Tom knew something was terribly wrong.
“It was shortly after he got to the hospital that we got a text. He tested positive for COVID,” Armstrong said.
Now Armstrong, another roommate and their two girlfriends are experiencing symptoms while the original roommate remains hospitalized on a ventilator.
The four have not been tested but are presumed to be infected with the coronavirus.
Sequestered in a three-bedroom apartment, they are experiencing moderate symptoms so far: upset stomach, headaches, shortness of breath and dry coughs.
“I get coughing spells typically in the evening," Armstrong said.
Tom took acetaminophen and cold medicine.
While the four are cooped up with nothing to do but wait.
The Health Department checks in with them twice daily and asks about fevers and symptoms.
Since no one can leave the apartment, the building manager has arranged regular trash pick-up.
Armstrong said he was shocked when he opened the door the first time to two workers in hazmat gear in the hallway.
“We are given a very strict instructions -- don't even put the trash bag on the ground in the hallway,” he said.
After learning of the confirmed and suspected COVID-cases, the apartment property manager sanitized all common areas.
Armstrong’s roommate first seemed to improve but then had a setback.
He is now breathing with the help of a ventilator.
Connie Lambert keeps active, travels and defies her age of 76.
I can't believe a human being can be this sick and still alive.
Connie Lambert never let her age or serious medical episodes slow her down.
She travels.
She plays handbells.
She attends Bible study.
Tom attends Bible study.
Tom attends Bible study every Sunday.
Mary likes to travel.
Tom and Mary like to travel.
There’s nothing worse in the world than not being able to draw air into your lungs.
"I couldn’t breathe. There’s nothing worse in the world than not being able to draw air into your lungs,” she said.
Lambert said nurses backed away “like I was glowing or something.”
One of her roommates, Jane, helps her sit up in bed and to use a walker.
Lambert said she has trouble swallowing and has been sapped of energy.
While not experiencing high fevers, she said, her body gets uncomfortably warm.
Connie Lambert’s favorite job is watching her two great-granddaughters.
Lambert raised three sons and owned and managed a restaurant for years.
In retirement, her favorite job has been watching her two great-granddaughters, ages months and years.
For now Lambert worries about her two roommates who are caring for her.
She has heard there is no treatment for COVID-19.
There is no treatment for COVID-19.
There is currently no treatment for COVID-19.
She has heard there is no treatment for COVID-and wonders, “Am I going to slump over? Is that going to be it?”
Tom couldn't stop thinking about it.
Mary couldn't stop thinking about it.
Tom can't stop thinking about it.
Tom can't stop thinking about the coronavirus.
Mary can't stop thinking about it.
Tom was given strict instructions.
Tom and Mary played Minecraft together.
Tom played Minecraft with his friends.
You have never told me your name.
On Israeli radio, the most bizarre myths concocted by the American and European far right are treated as though they go without saying and serve as a boogyman to scare anyone who might want to push for more moderate policies.
President Woodrow Wilson faced the influenza pandemic of 1918-that killed million to million people around the world while the United States was fighting in World War I.
The H2Nvirus was first reported in Singapore in February and reached the United States that summer.
President George W. Bush has received applause from both Republicans and Democrats for the commitment he made to help fight HIV/AIDS globally and particularly in Africa.
Historians say that in the face of public health crises, presidents who are informed, focused, organized and transparent are most likely to be successful.
He's a shelf stacker by a supermarket chain.
That fits me.
Our new car doesn't fit into the garage.
I wish that I could've done that by myself.
You're asking too much of me.
My boyfriend is Chinese.
My partner is Chinese.
My lover is Chinese.
What is the name of your street?
Sit down on this chair.
Mary understands Mandarin.
Mary understands Standard Chinese.
Pope Francis delivered on Friday the first Urbi et Orbi blessing outside of Christmas or Easter.
Pope Francis stood before a deserted St Peter's Square to deliver an extraordinary blessing to end the coronavirus pandemic.
The world could face a global shortage of condoms.
The world’s biggest producer of condoms, Karex Bhd in Malaysia, which makes one in five condoms globally, has been forced to shut down production due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The Louvre is closed.
The Louvre museum is closed.
Many Italians have seen a drastic decrease of income.
Local municipalities are obliged to use the fund for food, medicines and other essential goods for citizens of the poorest segments of Italian society.
Health authorities said Friday the country was getting closer to the peak of the virus outbreak.
Sheep walk back to their shelter near the Mont-Saint-Michel, northwestern France, on March 28, 2020, during a lockdown in France aimed at curbing the spread of COVID-19.
The pandemic is having an impact on many couples and their relationships.
The world's largest producer of condoms has been forced to shut down due to the coronavirus.
He speaks Standard Chinese.
She speaks Standard Chinese.
Turning the tide, you are on the incoming wave.
Tom is a detasseler.
Tom detasseled the corn.
Oslo wants to reduce car traffic by 30% by 2030.
Oslo and Helsinki recorded zero pedestrian fatalities in 2019.
Oslo and Helsinki recorded no pedestrian fatalities in 2019.
Oslo and Helsinki did not record a single pedestrian fatality in 2019.
Mary studies the humanities.
Mary is a philosopher.
Tom is a philosopher.
Mary is an archeology student.
Mary studies archeology.
Mary is a history student.
Tom is an anthropologist.
Tom studies archeology.
Is he an archeologist or just a treasure hunter?
Mary is an archeologist.
Tom is a true poet.
Tom is a real poet.
Tom looks cute in this picture.
I really like the sun.
In that factory they build toys.
I suppose we have to wait a little more.
It is for your safety.
Tom likes Vegemite.
Tom likes Marmite.
Tom thinks that Vegemite is disgusting.
Tom thinks that Marmite is disgusting.
Vegemite is a yeast extract.
I thought I was going to fall off the bed earlier.
He used to be a professor, but now he is the dean.
I fixed my car last month, but it broke again afterwards.
After my work mate quit his job he moved to Shanghai to teach English.
She used to be a part time chef, then she became full time.
Children are to be deceived with sweets and men with oaths.
The authorities have no clue, but everyone else knows.
Did you shave?
We're #1.
Gone forever.
Slowly
Quit while you are ahead.
Please treat me kindly.
Do you have tinnitus?
You are behind the mountain!
Where is the hero?
Ahh! It broke!
Please conduct yourself with dignity.
A bunch of nonsense!
May you have a prosperous new year.
You win.
Listen quietly!
A dream come true!
Run like the wind.
Run very fast.
Run like your life depends on it
Which painting is bigger?
Put on your stockings!
That trip was delightful!
Japanese is easy to understand.
She's very cautious.
Don't always be like this!
Anyone can see.
Your grandmother bought a horse.
Speaking is easy.
That really whets my appetite.
Tom is in a book club.
He was fooled.
It's only the most capable who do the work.
If your job were easy, someone else would do it.
What kind of pathological liar lies about his lies to people who can read aloud to him, word for word, the transcriptions of the audio-recorded lies he told previously and about which he is now lying anew as he once more tries to lie about those lies?
A Florida man who currently occupies the White House told over 8,falsehoods and deliberately misleading claims in 2019, surpassing his total of nearly 7,lies during the previous two years combined.
Chuck Norris has already met Columbo's wife, Robin Masters and Tom.
Tom and his brother are not at all alike.
Tom and his brother are very different from each other.
Tom and his brother are quite different.
Tom and his brother have very different personalities.
The ridiculousness of that movie is impressive.
I added a new sentence.
Those are serious problems.
Those are serious issues.
She has issues.
She has problems.
Tom is a thinker.
Who do I talk to if I have questions?
Tell me what's wrong, Tom. If you can't talk to me, who can you talk to?
Shortly after he recovered from his injury, Tom asked John for his formal permission to court Mary, because he felt that to do otherwise would be dishonorable.
I felt a wave of dizziness, and when I looked up, Tom was gone.
"Doctor, is Tom well enough to answer a few questions?" "Tom is dead."
"As crazy as it sounds: Tom does not belong in our universe." "What?"
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I talked him out of it.
"I've not had dinner. Would you care to join me?" "I'd love to."
Mary is absent because she is in the hospital.
I didn't hear that you would come.
I will go after him.
It's risky for you to go after him on your day off.
For how long have you been wasting my time now?
New look, same great taste!
Your family is from that place.
Maybe he will tell you a couple of things regarding your family.
You need to listen to his explanations.
I have to go to my afternoon class.
If you don't know your past, you can't shape your future.
Face your past!
From now on I'll visit more often.
You look tired, my dear.
Can this be a sign?
The U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort sailed into New York Harbor early Monday, bringing hope and relief to the city of 8.million.
The mammoth white ship emblazoned with red crosses has 1,beds and operating theaters.
The ship's medical personnel will care for nonvirus patients in an effort to shift some of the burden from the city’s overwhelmed hospitals, which are focused on the outbreak.
This ship is so impressive.
Spain’s health system is stressed to the breaking point.
Coronavirus information hotlines have been jammed by frightened people desperate for information.
The mission is accomplished.
Medical data is highly sensitive.
The coronavirus pandemic has made many people across the world feel afraid, helpless, and desperate for solutions.
The museum plans to launch more digital storytime sessions, art-making workshops, and more, in the coming weeks.
Just because we can't be in proximity to each other doesn't mean that we can't be actually communicating with each other.
Almost all American presidents have faced a crisis while in office.
Almost all American presidents have faced a crisis while in office, whether it’s a political scandal, natural disaster, economic calamity or terrorism.
“Even though President Trump has talked about being at war with the pandemic, in the case of Wilson and the Spanish flu, the United States really was at war,” said Thomas Schwartz, professor of history at Vanderbilt University.
Like Britain, France and Germany, the U.S. kept the outbreak secret because it didn’t want to show weakness to the enemy.
At the height of the outbreak, Wilson sent troops abroad packed into ships that were “cauldrons of virus transfers,” said Max Skidmore.
I've made a splendid breakfast.
Spain, a neutral party in the war, was the only country that reported casualty numbers accurately, hence the name Spanish flu, even though the flu did not originate there.
Leaders are often faulted for downplaying crises, but Gerald Ford was accused by some of overreacting.
Ford seemed to be convinced, and I think correctly so in retrospect, that it would be far better to have a vaccine and no pandemic, then to have a pandemic and no vaccine.
The Reagan administration has been criticized for not taking AIDS seriously and for allowing the stigmatization of gay men in America.
Reagan failed to recognize the severity of the AIDS epidemic.
Reagan believed that government was the problem, not the solution.
In April 1987, Reagan declared AIDS “public health enemy No. 1.”
Reagan advised sexual abstinence instead of methods of protection.
In 2003, the George W. Bush administration created the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), an initiative to address the global epidemic.
“PEPFAR was probably one of the best things in his presidency,” Barry said. “It got pretty much universal applause.”
In 2005, the Bush administration created the National Strategy for Pandemic Influenza, which called for the federal government to maintain and distribute a national stockpile of medical supplies in the event of an outbreak.
Schwartz, of Vanderbilt, and Barry, of Tulane, said that leaders must be optimistic and provide hope. But more importantly, they must be transparent, both to prevent unfounded information from spreading and to create the credibility that will encourage people to follow guidelines instead of being skeptical of their government.
Wall Street opened the new trading week on a high note Monday with big gains by all three major indexes.
Macy’s, a crown jewel among U.S. retailers, says it is laying off most of its 125,employees because of the pandemic.
All of Macy’s stores in the U.S. have been closed because of social distancing.
The company says it must pare its workforce to the “absolute minimum needed to maintain operations.”
Russia tightened controls aimed at combating the spread of the coronavirus.
Moscow introduced temporary quarantine measures.
The Kremlin moved to extend the lockdown nationwide.
“If you value your life, you should remain home,” he said, addressing elderly Russians, in particular.
City authorities also announced that a system of smart QR codes would be developed to track people moving about the capital.
There was a spike in booked flights from Moscow to the southern resort city of Sochi.
A Van Gogh painting was stolen from a Dutch museum.
Parks were crowded amid a spell of spring-like weather over the weekend.
Media reports also noted a run on meat and charcoal at local supermarkets, suggesting the outdoor barbecue season was, or soon would be, in full swing.
Officials at a Dutch museum which was closed to the public due to the coronavirus outbreak say a painting by Vincent van Gogh was stolen during an overnight break-in.
Police believe the thieves forced the museum's glass front doors open in the pre-dawn hours.
The police are continuing to investigate the incident.
Popular Japanese comedian Ken Shimura, who drew inspiration from the American comedic icon Jerry Lewis, has died from the coronavirus, becoming Japan's first known celebrity victim of the disease.
Shimura attracted fans of all generations with his slapstick comedy and funny faces.
He was diagnosed with pneumonia after contracting the coronavirus.
He was hospitalized on March after developing a fever and breathing troubles, and was put on on a ventilator.
Take this before you go out.
Chuck Norris is the world's second greatest human after Tom.
The news of his death comes as new cases have spiked in Tokyo, with the city's governor warning of an explosive spread of the virus in the region.
Shimura's death sent shock waves throughout Japan.
Tom can kick Bluto's ass without eating spinach.
Shimura's death sent shock waves throughout Japan, where many people, especially the younger population, are seen as lacking a sense of urgency about the virus.
"I'm shocked to hear that he died so soon after his infection was reported," a 21-year-old college student told NHK television.
Until now, the risk of getting infected seemed someone else's problem, but I'm scared of it now.
Shimura was a former member of the comedy rock band the Drifters, a household name in the 1970s and 1980s.
"I hope you will remember him and laugh," he said. "Until the end, he was committed to present laughter to the people."
Soccer, or football, as it is called in much of the world, continues to be played in Belarus.
Enough is enough. Go home and stay home.
Go home and stay home.
She appeased her conscience.
She put her conscience at ease.
The Øresund Bridge links Malmö and Copenhagen.
Astrophysicist Daniel Reardon ended up in the hospital after inserting powerful magnets in his nostrils while try to build a necklace that warns people when they touch their face, in order to protect them from the coronavirus.
On the street, a cool morning breeze was blowing.
Things went downhill pretty quickly.
A light breeze was blowing.
Magnets can be dangerous.
My partner took me to the hospital that she works in because she wanted all her colleagues to laugh at me.
The doctors thought it was funny.
Tom said that he would never play with magnets again.
We cook rice in a rice cooker.
Do you know how to make jam?
What are you boiling?
The first cases of West Nile virus appeared in the United States in 1999.
West Nile virus spreads to humans through mosquito bites.
West Nile virus was first discovered in the West Nile area of Uganda in 1937.
I haven't even thought about that possibility.
Two weeks quarantine?! Oh my gosh! Together with Mary at home?!
He knows them.
She knows them.
Call the rescue service.
Everyone should speak French.
Creativity loves constraints.
Indigenous Americans discovered America more than 10,years ago.
"I envy you to always find what to say! Me, I'm uninspired! The lid of my brain has closed, for real!", said somebody. A second retorts: "You just have to write about the Coronavirus." The other told him: "I must first know what it is!"
How much does that banana cost?
The Second World War and the previous years were a dark age in European history, and are a lasting wound in our memory.
Why did I do that to her?
Is he also in her office?
Will he help me?
Tom is a convicted criminal.
I didn't write to them.
He sent me a book.
The man promised to no longer cheat.
In most sentences, the subject precedes the object.
Mum! Marcus is hitting Quintus!
She has mahogony furniture.
People do not abide by the rules.
People do not respect the rules.
She didn't fall.
She didn't help.
I didn't write them.
She didn't mind.
She didn't move.
She didn't sing.
She didn't swim.
She didn't care.
She didn't call.
She did nothing.
How do you say he is an artist?
I didn't help.
She did do that.
She denied this.
She denied that.
She cut my hair.
She can't speak.
She can't sleep.
She can't skate.
She can't go on.
Exercise is critical to many people's physical and mental well-being.
Exercising outdoors with others has become an avoidance dance.
Walking is fine, but you have to pick places that don't have narrow paths or else you run into others.
And one thing has become certain: If you exercise the wrong way in this time of COVID-19, chances are someone will criticize your behavior on social media. Maybe with photos.
She can't dance.
Tom shouted out at me from his porch.
I'm terrible at Zumba.
I don't know how to dance hip-hop, salsa, samba, tango or anything else.
She can help us.
She can help me.
Tom and Mary opened a bakery.
She can explain.
She can do both.
She came inside.
She came closer.
She called home.
She called back.
She betrayed us.
She believes me.
She believed me.
You didn't help.
I really don't like chickens.
Who has the edge now?
Achieve easy success.
He looked pale and emaciated.
His face showed traces of debauchery.
What do you usually do at home?
I surely heard that voice somewhere already.
SpongeBob and Squidward went to visit Patrick Star.
Under such conditions, I won't do that.
She avoided him.
She attacked me.
She ate quickly.
She ate nothing.
She asked again.
She approved it.
She approved that.
She and I cried.
She and I agree.
She always lies.
She admitted it.
She admitted that.
She admires him.
She added water.
She acted alone.
Dance with her.
It's necessary that you do that.
Someone broke into my house yesterday.
She drank a lot.
The Italian language is grammatically difficult.
What's in your office?
When will the end of the world happen?
Everything is much simpler.
I wrote a letter. - Did you write it completely? - Yes.
East of the village is a lake.
The chrysanthemums have a nice smell.
He shut the shop.
She drinks wine.
She is eating an orange.
She earns a lot.
That was a fruitless attempt.
She eats slowly.
I made a mistake the other day.
Are we going to go for a walk?
Who was my dad speaking to?
She exaggerated.
In a city, the economic activity dominates commerce, craft, industry, traffic and administration.
She exaggerates.
She expected it.
She fed her dog.
She fed the dog.
She felt better.
Stay at home and don't go anywhere.
She felt guilty.
She felt lonely.
She felt needed.
She felt sleepy.
She felt strong.
She followed me.
She followed us.
She got curious.
She and I agreed.
She got furious.
She got in line.
She got injured.
She got married.
She got panicky.
She had a knife.
She had no food.
She had nothing.
She had to stop.
She had to wait.
She insulted me.
She invited him.
She isn't alive.
She isn't alone.
She isn't angry.
She isn't armed.
She isn't crazy.
She isn't cruel.
She isn't dying.
She isn't going.
She isn't lying.
She isn't naive.
She isn't naked.
She isn't ready.
She isn't right.
She isn't tired.
She isn't wrong.
She jumped back.
She kept eating.
She kept moving.
"Who wrote the poems?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the sentences?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the speeches?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the books?" "I wrote them."
He's the first man she could live with.
"Who wrote the poems?" "I didn't write them."
I can't buy this.
"Who wrote the speeches?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the sentences?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the books?" "I didn't write them."
She simply can't refuse her grandson's request.
I'm eating an orange.
He's eating an orange.
He's exaggerating.
He's eating slowly.
Wait till the end, please.
Wait until the end, please.
She knew no one.
She knows a lot.
She knows wines.
She left Boston.
She left a note.
She likes blues.
She likes chess.
She likes games.
She likes pizza.
She lit a match.
She lived alone.
She lived there.
She lives there.
I don't know his works very well.
She looked busy.
She looked calm.
She looked down.
She looked sick.
She looks awful.
She looks great.
I know how to cook.
She looks weird.
She lost an arm.
Her favorite color is blue.
She made a face.
It's not hot today, it's cold.
She made a wish.
She made coffee.
She made dinner.
She may be back.
She may be busy.
She may be dead.
She may be here.
She may be home.
She must be hot.
She must decide.
She must go now.
She nearly died.
She needed cash.
She needed food.
She needed help.
She needed hope.
She needed more.
She needed rest.
She needed that.
She needed this.
She needed time.
She needed work.
She needs a job.
She never asked.
My wife is my boss.
She never comes.
She never cooks.
She never cried.
She never cries.
She never jokes.
She nodded back.
She noticed him.
She plays chess.
She rescued him.
She saw a ghost.
She saw someone.
She saw somebody.
She saw the bus.
She saw the cat.
Thank you for protecting our family's home. Be careful not to get infected with the new coronavirus.
She seldom wins.
She should wait.
She smiled back.
She stayed home.
We stayed home.
They stayed home.
She thanked him.
Look how I do it.
She told a joke.
She told no one.
She told us why.
She took a bath.
She took a bite.
She took a seat.
She took my car.
She took photos.
Southern Louisiana is no stranger to disasters.
The region still bears the scars of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the BP oil spill and Baton Rouge's catastrophic flooding in 2016.
The city's convention center was converted into a make-shift hospital.
Tom owns a barbecue restaurant with his wife, Mary.
New Orleans' economy relies heavily on tourism.
She turned away.
The city’s world-famous Mardi Gras celebration attracts more than one million visitors each year and brings together hundreds of thousands of local residents.
New Orleans' world-famous Mardi Gras celebration attracts more than one million visitors each year.
The festivities were held as usual this year.
The festivities were held as usual this year, extending through most of February, precisely when the coronavirus was taking a foothold in America.
“We’re a city with a high rate of poverty, and that can sometimes lead to these underlying health issues because of less access to quality foods and proper healthcare,” says Mollie Pate, a gym owner and local musician.
I think these unemployment benefits are going to be really helpful for a lot of people.
She turned pale.
Fifty years ago, astronauts left Earth orbit for the first time and looked back at our “blue marble.”
The world press is run by the drug mafia. Beware of what it publishes.
About people will be tested with this medicine at a hospital in Tokyo until the end of June.
She visited him.
She volunteered.
The drug mafia hinders everyone seeking to find a vaccine against coronavirus.
She wanted that.
She wanted this.
She wants a dog.
She wants money.
She was ashamed.
Be careful, people. There are criminals who seek the outbreak of the coronavirus to make huge money from selling their medications.
She was careful.
66-year-old Helen White doesn't believe in stereotypes.
Tom doesn't believe in stereotypes.
Mary doesn't believe in stereotypes.
She was curious.
She is sure anyone can do anything – regardless of age.
Helen is a pickleball coach.
Helen promotes this unusual sport based loosely on tennis as way for the elderly to have fun and exercise.
Helen has been active all her life.
Tom has been active all his life.
It will be the first time since World War II the event has been canceled.
The Wimbledon tennis championships in London — widely considered to be the world's premier tennis event — will be canceled this year due the coronavirus pandemic.
She was healthy.
South Korea is similar in size to New York state.
Jaeyi Jeong, a junior at Sungshin University in Seoul, studied in Aschaffenburg, Germany, for one year.
"I went to Germany as an exchange student to interact with people, take classes in a different country and experience a new country and culture. But once Germany began implementing stricter policies and shutting down schools, the reason as to why I went to Germany vanished," Jeong said.
She was in jail.
Jeong said she also experienced racism.
She was in love.
She was leaving.
U.S. federal agents seized a large cache of drugs from a long tunnel used by smugglers to move them across the U.S.-Mexico border.
The tunnel’s entrance was near a newly constructed segment of the border wall that President Donald Trump visited back in September that has become a hallmark of his hardline policy of keeping undocumented immigrants from entering the United States.
Critics say the border wall will have no effect on the elaborately built tunnels commonly used by smugglers to sneak drugs into the U.S.
A 1,300-meter long tunnel complete with an extensive rail cart system, electricity and ventilation was discovered in the same area back in January.
She was married.
With its street’s emptied by a nationwide coronavirus lockdown, the scenic, seaside Welsh town of Llandudno has been taken over by a herd of mountain goats.
The goats' usual habitat is the nearby scenic Great Orme Park regional park just outside of town.
Locals speculate the empty streets of the usually busy tourist town drew the goats in.
A video producer for the Manchester Evening News who lives in Llandudno, Andrew Stewart, has been posting videos of the goats on social media where they have received thousands of views.
British media have posted online pictures of the goats roaming the streets, grazing on hedges and lounging in city parks.
She was on time.
The world community must be aware of the hoax and denounce the malicious intentions of the drug mafia in the spread of the coronavirus.
She was outside.
She was pleased.
Drawings of rainbows have started appearing in windows across the country.
Children have started hanging drawings of rainbows from their windows.
The rainbow has become a symbol of hope.
She was popular.
Mary placed a picture of a rainbow on the window of her house.
She was praying.
Children all over the world have been placing pictures of rainbows on their windows.
The trend started in Italy and Spain.
She was puzzled.
She was selfish.
She was shocked.
She was singing.
She was smoking.
She was snoring.
She was special.
She was too old.
She was too fat.
She was unhappy.
She was unlucky.
She was waiting.
She was walking.
She was wealthy.
She was winning.
She was with me.
She was with us.
She was worried.
She was wounded.
She was writing.
She wasn't busy.
She wasn't done.
She wasn't here.
She wasn't home.
She wasn't hurt.
She wasn't poor.
She wasn't rich.
She wasn't rude.
She won a medal.
She won the bet.
Tom noticed that the squirrel was wearing a mask.
The squirrel wore a small mask.
The squirrels are practicing social distancing.
The squirrels seemed to be practicing social distancing.
The squirrels are practicing social distancing. They each climb a different tree and stay away from each other.
The squirrel coughed into its elbow.
The squirrel wore a tiny mask.
Who was Ignace Semmelweis?
Father Christmas is not for sale.
I never would've believed you years ago you told me I'd be here.
I've never lied to you, and I don't like to hold things back from you.
I've never lied to you, have I?
She won't do it.
She won't leave.
She worked here.
She would agree.
She'd agree.
She would leave.
She'd leave.
She writes well.
She'll be alone.
He'll never be alone.
She'll never be alone.
I'll never be alone.
She'll be bored.
She'll be fired.
She'll be found.
She'll be ready.
She'll complain.
She'll die soon.
She'll find him.
She'll find you.
She'll fix that.
She'll go alone.
She'll help him.
I will always be by your side.
She'll help you.
They'll help you.
We'll help her.
He'll help them.
She'll help them.
They'll help him.
They'll help her.
They'll help them.
They'll help me.
She'll help me.
He'll help us.
She'll help us.
She'll kill him.
She'll kill you.
She'll miss him.
He'll kill him.
She'll kill her.
You will learn it very soon.
She'll miss you.
She'll stop you.
She'll tell him.
She'll tell you.
She'll thank me.
This way is to find him out.
That guy is just all talk and no action. Pay no attention to him.
We'd agree.
We would agree.
They'd agree.
They would agree.
You'd agree.
You would agree.
They'll thank me.
They'll thank us.
He'll thank us.
She'll thank us.
She firmly believes in my innocence.
She worked there.
They won't leave.
They work here.
They work there.
They worked here.
They worked there.
I worked here.
We work here.
We work there.
We worked here.
We worked there.
He worked alone.
She worked alone.
I worked alone.
Are they going to kill them?
Are they going to kill us?
Are they going to kill me?
Experts seem to agree: If you are not a health care worker, do not buy Nmasks.
Nmasks are considered the Cadillac of protective masks.
Nmasks are in short supply.
Staying home and limiting contact with groups of people remains the best way to stop the pandemic.
There's growing evidence that people can spread the disease without having symptoms themselves.
The SARS-CoV-virus, which causes COVID-19, spreads mostly through droplets that infected people expel from their mouths.
People who wear masks tend to touch their faces more.
If children ask you questions you don't know the answer to, it's OK to say so.
It was a beautiful, warm spring Saturday.
The calm waters of Willoughby Bay reflected the early afternoon sunlight in a thousand silver streaks.
Small waves danced with each gentle breeze.
The sky was cloudless and vibrant, the brightest of blues.
It would have been the perfect day for a picnic.
It's the perfect day for a picnic.
I admit I was nervous.
I don't say that without reason.
Parents around the world are trying to figure out how to juggle home schooling their children and working at the same time.
Students at first rejoiced when schools closed.
He climbed down from the roof.
As the days dragged on, the novelty wore off.
Tom worries about the health of his loved ones.
I don't even know which end is up anymore.
Leffert said in the midst of the anxieties at work and at home, she is grateful that her daughter is resilient and can spend time free time by herself hanging out with chickens in the backyard, watching construction next door and reading her books.
Nathan has also noticed the resiliency of her children.
Nathan is cherishing the extra time with her family.
Children just go with the flow. They don't overthink things. We need to be like them sometimes.
Students with masks tend to use it to avoid answering questions.
It's very common in Asia, especially amongst young people.
Face masks have also acted as accessories for youth. Some are sold in a variety of colors and designs, which can be a fashionable complement to an outfit.
A lot of Asian celebrities wear masks to hide their face from the public.
I think following trends is a pretty big thing in South Korean culture.
There was a time when wearing face masks just on your chin was a trend amongst Korean high school students.
I think face masks can also be seen as a fashion trend and not just for protection.
With the face mask culture ingrained into Asian culture, not much has changed in Asia other than a visible increase of people wearing face masks in public because of COVID-19.
You can't go out anywhere without a face mask right now. Even though you don't think you'll get coronavirus, it's still seen as good manners to wear a mask for the sake of not infringing any discomfort to other people.
“Let me book you a flight home,” my brother said over the phone.
I'd feel a lot better if you were here.
Tom rushed to print his boarding pass.
In an effort to quell the spread of the coronavirus, most American universities and colleges have shifted to online learning. But for many international students who have returned to their home countries, that means going to class in the middle of the night.
Germany is testing about 25,patients a day.
Widespread testing is being credited for helping Germany to keep its coronavirus case fatality rate at a low 0.percent.
German virologists—working with the country’s public and private sectors —were able to respond rapidly in January to the looming threat of coronavirus by developing one of the first reliable methods for COVID-testing.
The German virologists were left largely unhampered by a restrictive central regulatory body second-guessing them or imposing burdensome procedures.
The German test was quickly adopted by the World Health Organization, which offered to supply test-kits to other countries.
Britain, like the United States, didn’t take up the offer, preferring instead to develop their own testing methods for the virus.
Private German manufacturers moved quickly to mass produce test-kits.
Britain and the U.S. have been playing catch-up ever since.
The Food and Drug Administration required an onerous approval process to bring any test to market.
In the U.S., businesses say they also encounter regulatory obstacles, which some put down to bureaucratic inertia, others to lack of imaginative thinking.
Ohio company Battelle has been trying for weeks to get FDA approval for an innovative system that can decontaminate 80,masks a day.
It’s such an honor for me to be here with you all.
I can hear your voice, but I can't see you.
I hoped I'd find you here.
Do you want to get fat?
Do you want to slim down?
Do you usually pray?
I already prayed.
I've already prayed.
I've prayed already.
I'm sitting.
I'm seated.
I collect books.
I love figs.
I love cherries!
We're Portuguese.
We're Italian.
We're happy!
We were cheerful.
We were merry.
When do you plan on going to Boston?
I'd rather take a beer.
Mr. Smith has three sons who became engineers.
The harshness of Ukraine's laws is mitigated by the fact that one doesn't have to obey them.
There doesn't need to be malice for it to be abuse.
I live in Burundi.
He lives in Burundi.
She lives in Burundi.
We live in Burundi.
They live in Burundi.
Off you fuck.
What type of gözleme do you have?
Whatever you want, we have it.
Can I have a bag?
There's a trail in the forest.
There's a village at the end of the trail.
Very interesting!
I hate lifts.
All the children will be liberated.
It's a famous local dish.
It's a famous dish from this place.
It's something in-between "mantı" and "gözleme".
It's hot, be careful!
It's very delicious!
Can I sample the olives?
We should make use of this opportunity.
In ancient times people used to sacrifice animals to their god here.
I just pirated the game about ponies.
The weather has become warmer.
Yes, at last.
Tom grew up in a small village.
I'm very happy that summer is coming.
I was also afraid at first.
Will there be renovations?
When are you thinking of going?
I'd like to make a reservation for this weekend.
Let's do something this weekend.
Last year we camped two times.
Bring sleeping bags, blankets and such.
We had problems at work.
We had an argument with the manager.
They don't have any work-related problems.
I wish I could!
If only I could!
A new job, a new environment would be good for you.
A new job, a new environment would do you good.
Let me update my CV.
Let's hope for the best!
Let's talk about pleasant things from now on.
It's a wonderful opportunity for you to improve your English.
At least it's not every day.
Is it obligatory?
There's a placement test next week.
My mother loves jewelry a lot.
I want to buy a silver necklace.
We're only browsing.
Is there a discount for this product?
It's written on the label.
How do you want to pay?
I'm looking for a silver necklace.
How much does this one cost?
Won't you give me any discount?
OK, only this time, for you.
Would you like a gift wrapping?
Where are the slippers?
I'm much better now after seeing you.
How is it going with your studies?
Do you know any of them?
How do they want their coffee?
We used to go out to collect candy.
In the past, all the neighbors used to visit one another.
She scurried for my hand.
Signs of social unrest are mounting.
Mafia groups have traditionally exploited poverty and despair in Italy's south to set themselves up as an alternative to the state.
What would it be like to be on lockdown with no internet?
As the old British saying goes, ‘it’s just not cricket’ – meaning it’s not in the spirit of fair play, of British manners and gentlemanly conduct.
A Rochester, New York, bakery has come up with the ultimate comfort food — a doughnut bearing the likeness of Dr. Anthony Fauci.
America's chief immunologist since 1984, Fauci has served under five presidents.
The 79-year-old has emerged as a leading scientific voice of reason and comfort during the COVID-pandemic.
Within hours, the first batch of Fauci doughnuts went viral on social media.
The sweet treats are selling well.
This building has sprinklers.
British citizens are also allowed to exercise outdoors once a day.
Microdroplets emitted while sneezing and coughing can stay in the air for a long time.
The Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies are on a collision course.
I can hear myself.
Squirrel Mike looked for the ever-bearing tree.
The price is symbolic.
Are there forks and knives on the table?
Have these as well.
When is the ferry coming?
Zeynep is my roommate.
This is the second-to-last week of the season.
Tom coughed on me. I hope he doesn't have the coronavirus.
Don't let it out of there!
We usually wake up late on the weekends.
It's deadly serious now.
Sometimes we go shopping.
Are you still drawing?
I take courses on the weekends.
She's getting married in five months.
It takes about an hour.
We'll meet up with the guide and our trip will begin.
The hotel looks fine.
We'll leave the hotel after the tour.
During the day it's very nice, but the nights are chilly.
Bring a jacket for the nights.
The coronavirus is not lingering in the air.
Do not take African people as human guinea pigs.
How do you want your coffee?
I'll start with you.
Let me start with you.
You will soon receive some very pleasant news.
Don't tell me you're getting married!
You have to go to the doctor.
I'm feeling very tired.
How will you get better?
I'd like to get an appointment for today.
I think it's the flu.
Four o'clock is fine.
Operating above Earth, free from the blurring and filtering effects of our planet’s atmosphere, Hubble can resolve astronomical objects ten to twenty times better than typically possible with large ground-based telescopes.
I had an appointment today at four o'clock.
Hubble can detect objects as faint as 31st magnitude, which is about billion times fainter than the human eye can see.
The telescope can see faint objects near bright objects.
Astronomers have used Hubble’s sharp vision to probe the limits of the visible universe, uncovering never-before-seen objects that existed not long after the birth of the universe in the Big Bang.
I'll check it out right now.
Tom fears a breakdown in law and order.
Hubble’s view is optically stable, meaning the quality of its observing conditions never changes from day to day or even orbit to orbit.
French comet-hunter Charles Messier publishes the first version of his catalog of non-stellar objects in 1771.
American astronomer Edwin Hubble published a paper in demonstrating that M31, known then as the Andromeda Nebula, lies far outside our own galaxy.
A mere century ago, most astronomers believed that everything we could see in the night sky belonged to our galaxy.
What's ailing you?
Some suspected that fuzzy patches of light known as nebulas were actually distant "islands of stars" far beyond our galaxy.
Mary grew up in a small village.
Tom and Mary grew up in a small village.
Let me examine you.
You have an infection in your throat.
You have to take antibiotics.
Tom and Mary sold everything.
Tom and Mary bought a farm.
Tom and Mary bought a farm and started raising alpacas.
Tom and Mary sold everything, bought an old farm and started raising alpacas.
Tom sheared the sheep.
Tom sheared the alpaca.
Does the landlord want a deposition?
The alpacas prefer to sleep outside during the winter.
You wanted a one bedroom apartment.
Alpacas are herd animals.
Cows are herd animals.
Alpacas, llamas, vicunas and camels are camelids.
Alpacas, llamas, vicunas and camels are all related.
Tom quit his job to raise alpacas.
Let me offer you something to drink or eat.
Do you want coffee or tea or something?
You really look like your aunt.
The view was amazing.
I frequently bring my students here.
How did you end up deciding on doing a thing like this?
What was I supposed to have done?
We will solve this through legal means.
We will mobilize all of the lawyers of the company.
We are on the market.
Tom is a translator.
She got married ten years ago.
While most churches, synagogues and mosques have suspended in-person services, several religious leaders are under fire for violating bans on public gatherings.
The coronavirus outbreak is boosting demand for home delivery of meals and groceries.
More consumers are turning to online delivery apps to get their food and household products.
What tree is that?
The grocery store was crowded.
Avoid close contact with other shoppers.
Queen Elizabeth, Harry’s grandmother, is officially head of state for Canada.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the former royal highnesses best known to the public as Harry and Meghan, appear to have left their wooded paradise on Vancouver Island in western Canada for the bright lights of Los Angeles.
“I hope that this is just a small trip to Los Angeles,” he said.
Prior to marrying Harry, she was a television actress.
The Canada-U.S. land border is closed by road and ferry to all but essential traffic.
The British Columbia entertainment industry is often referred to as "Hollywood North."
The Andromeda galaxy is the Milky Way’s biggest galactic neighbor.
Your wheels are out of alignment. You need to take the car in for service.
We can use braces to align your teeth better.
There are four ways to amend the Constitution.
In order to find a proper solution, we need to know which constraints we face.
They will dispatch four charter buses to pick everyone up.
They refuse to allocate enough funds to buy new ventilators.
Generic medications are almost always cheaper.
That query does not find any results.
The leader will be whoever decides to accept the designation.
We'll give you a waiver that exempts you from paying the fee.
In the aggregate, they're a nice enough group, but there are some obnoxious individuals among them.
The definition you gave fails to encompass some of the variation we see.
Do you have any religious affiliation?
We have several prospective new members. I hope they will join us.
They want to build a hotel in proximity to the beach.
If you are not careful, you will incur prohibitive expenses.
Do not let superstition impede you.
This is the wrong time to invoke patriotism.
Are you willing to make a small concession in order to achieve your goal?
Verification of the data is a two-step process.
We can consolidate your savings accounts.
Without dissemination of the facts, conspiracy theories will abound.
That omission says a lot about his priorities.
That fund has risen in value quite a bit since its inception.
We should enable children to empower themselves. We can't do it for them.
You didn't mention that restriction when we were writing up the contract.
In the interim, I will serve as chairman.
The benefits will be manifold.
She is reasonable, albeit strict.
Deployment of the product cannot take place before January.
They extend kind regards to your wife.
If they received any kind of remuneration, they could no longer call themselves volunteers.
Remember to look for oncoming traffic before you merge left.
The lack of objection will only serve to reinforce their prejudices.
There must be a distributor who has those parts in stock.
Without a feasibility study, it makes no sense to even think about beginning the project.
You need a parameter to capture the stiffness of the metal.
We need to take a holistic view if we want a practical solution.
Remember to save your receipts for later reimbursement.
That seems to me a rather pathetic aspiration.
Are you authorized to act as her proxy?
No, this is not a referral. I found your name on my own.
We will need to remit the case to a superior court.
Her income puts her into the highest tax bracket.
If you agree to binding arbitration, you may forfeit some of your rights.
Let's see whether we can streamline the process by involving fewer agencies.
There was a pervasive nasty undertone in their writings.
This discussion does not pertain to you.
See the section below to determine your eligibility.
There is one caveat: the treatment does not always work.
Where else can it be found?
The premises are being searched through.
At one time the entire Gothic race, loose from the reins of government, began to lean in spirit toward lust and hubris.
The truth will be shocking for many people.
Tom is a nature lover.
Tom and Mary are nature lovers.
Tom leads a simple life.
Mary leads a simple life.
Tom and Mary lead a simple life.
This is my dream house.
This is my dream kitchen.
This is Tom's dream house.
This is Tom's dream kitchen.
This is Mary's dream kitchen.
This is Mary's dream house.
Some astronomers suspected that fuzzy patches of light known as nebulas were actually distant “islands of stars” far beyond our galaxy.
In 1923, Edwin Hubble used the world's largest telescope, perched atop Mount Wilson in California, to measure the distance to the Great Andromeda Nebula, proving that it was much too far away to belong to our galaxy
The Milky Way and Andromeda are the largest members of the Local Group, a collection of nearby galaxies bound together by gravity.
Tom is studying to be a scientist.
Tom is studying to be a doctor.
"May I borrow your dictionary?" "Of course."
Is thirteen an even number?
I don't know whether we can fix the problem, but we can mitigate its effects.
For the last two months, your profit has offset your expenses.
It's a wholly-owned subsidiary, but it maintains some independence from its parent company.
Let's write up a timeline so that we can figure out when things went wrong.
The statement seems to make sense, but under further scrutiny, it falls apart.
I keep all my miscellaneous files in this folder.
It's only an incremental improvement over what we had before, but at least it demonstrates some progress.
At the moment, we are only fixing problems in the software. We are not accepting enhancement requests.
In retrospect, inclusion of that entry in the dictionary was a mistake.
Any further queries should be made via the customer service number below.
Did you stipulate that it was to be delivered by August first?
Yes, it is heavy, but I would not consider its weight one of its salient features.
Conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page.
We cannot reimburse you without proof that you made the purchase.
The maximum response time is listed in the specification.
Media consolidation has been in progress for decades.
This piece is made of a composite material that I cannot identify.
The viability of this approach is a matter of some debate.
He wrote an appendix comprising more than half the length of the total document.
Interest will begin to accrue after the first year.
Empowerment of girls is a major theme in movies today.
Uncertainty regarding the company's financial situation will interfere with employee retention.
The military's procurement process was found to favor the vice-president's company.
The company has one stakeholder, who is also its only employee.
There is no simple pattern that can serve as a template.
You will be in trouble if you become the target of a tax audit.
No deviation from the regulations will be tolerated.
Our quarterly results will serve as the best appraisal of our approach.
Aren't they afraid of this?
Aren't they afraid of that?
The bread is expensive.
Tom is a curator.
Tom is an illusionist.
Tom has three little children.
We had one.
This law is unconstitutional.
You guys will be alone.
Without a good benchmark, it's hard to tell which software is faster.
Check with your local affiliate of our network to find out when the program will be broadcast.
When the supply chain is interrupted by war, it may not be reestablished for years.
They were left with residual feelings of guilt even though they knew they had done nothing wrong.
The situation will soon revert to the way things were before.
You're paying for a top-tier medication with a bottom-tier health insurance plan.
Only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos.
A new car experiences its biggest depreciation when it is driven away from the dealership. You'll never be able to sell it for anything close to the price you paid for it.
Did you perform due diligence before you agreed to sell the company, or did you just hope that things would turn out for the best?
Tom is a professional shearer.
Tom is a chess master.
Tom is a chess grandmaster.
Tom is a chess player.
Tom is a wedding photographer.
Tom works for the World Health Organization.
Tom works for the WHO.
Tom is a rough sleeper.
Every life is priceless.
“We will not put a dollar figure on human life,” tweeted the governor of New York.
Prolonged lockdowns risk causing more suffering than the killer virus itself.
The U.S. government is recommending that all Americans wear nonmedical masks to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Scientists say the coronavirus outbreak likely originated through animal-to-human transmission at a wild animal market in Wuhan.
Sami is a translator.
Layla is a translator.
Esther is a translator.
Esther is a Yiddish interpreter.
Layla is an Arabic interpreter.
Layla is an English interpreter.
Esther is an English interpreter.
Experts are calling for a permanent ban on the trade and consumption of wild animals.
Coronavirus transmission was believed to have occurred from bats to civets and pangolins, whose scales are highly valued in traditional Chinese medicine.
Early COVID-infections were found in people who had had exposure to Wuhan’s wet market, where snakes, bats, civets and other wildlife were sold.
He's a good teacher.
She's a good teacher.
Experience is a good teacher.
Anne Frank and her family hid from Nazi persecution in a secret annex to a commercial building in Amsterdam.
Tom doesn't respect authority.
Please find attached the information you requested.
You can be both kind and firm. One does not preclude the other.
I have acted pursuant to your wishes.
Mary is a rebel who doesn't respect authority.
The interior can be customized according to your desire.
Tom is a rebel who doesn't respect authority.
Tom tried to hide the evidence.
Tom tried to hide the evidence, but it was too late.
That was a brilliant deduction. I did not expect you to solve the mystery so quickly.
You will be provided with all the ancillary materials you require.
With such short lead time, I doubt we would be able to manufacture anything by the deadline.
A wether is a castrated male sheep or goat. A bellwether was originally a wether who led a flock of other sheep; a bell was placed around his neck to help locate the animals.
You will notice a list of deliverables near the beginning of the document.
Which orchestra is commissioning the symphony?
Does Tom know about any of this?
Does Mary know about any of this?
How would Tom know about any of this?
I don't know about any of this!
Tom can't know about any of this.
My wife can't know about any of this.
Tom did not know about any of this.
Tom doesn't have to know about any of this.
Mary doesn't have to know about any of this.
Mary is a rich girl.
Tom's parents are rich.
Mary's parents are rich.
Tom's dad is rich.
Mary's dad is rich.
This is above your pay grade.
Mary's father is rich.
Easy, tiger.
We are closed until further notice.
I wish I could do that myself.
I wish that I could do that myself.
I saw something moving out there.
A foolish head makes for weary feet.
We've been trying to do that, too.
It's small.
When you don't have brains, your feet get no rest.
Tom's dog is much bigger than Mary's dog.
Marriage is not a simple act in which two individuals sign a paper. Marriage is an act in which two people declare before the law, before God, and before themselves that they will commit themselves to being friends, partners, everything necessary for the other's life to be happy. That he or she will feel happy to see his or her loved one happy. That you are committed to the life of the person you are marrying. Marriage is not a military or electoral obligation: it is the declaration that two people love each other and want to share a life together.
New studies by the Global Virome Project, a worldwide effort to increase preparedness for pandemics, indicate the world can expect about five new animal-borne pathogens to infect humans each year, creating a sense of urgency to curb the wild animal trade.
Studies indicate that the world can expect about five new animal-borne pathogens to infect humans each year.
Zoonotic diseases, meaning diseases transmitted by animals to humans, are increasing.
Carlos Gavidia wears two wedding rings. The smaller one keeps the larger one from sliding off his finger.
Doctors want to extract antibody-rich plasma from the blood of recovered patients to save lives.
They passed the the time playing board games.
Tom and Mary passed the time playing board games.
Carlos says the food he misses most is rice and beans from his favorite restaurant.
Carlos lost nearly kg as the coronavirus ravaged his body for two weeks.
Carlos lost nearly kg as the coronavirus ravaged his body for two weeks, at one point necessitating a harrowing ambulance trip to the hospital..
Francis Wilson’s first thoughts as he opened his eyes were, “I’m alive?”
The 27-year-old had been on a ventilator and in a coma for days.
Wilson has been moved from intensive care to a regular room.
Medical personnel enter the room one at a time, their scrubs covered by disposable protective gear.
Wilson looks forward to leaving the hospital soon.
Wilson looks forward to ordering takeout from his favorite pho restaurant.
Wilson looks forward to ordering takeout from his favorite Vietnamese soup restaurant.
Wilson looks forward to re-uniting with his two roommates and pet hedgehog, Penelope.
Tom's body started shaking uncontrollably.
Just getting tested was a nightmare.
Connie had to wait seven hours to be swabbed at a Chicago-area hospital.
Then the phone rang. It was the doctor.
“I answered the phone, ‘Connie, the results are in.’ I kind of held my breath for a second,” she recalled. “‘You're negative.’ ‘Negative?’ I couldn’t believe it.”
There is a global push to find an effective treatment for the new coronavirus.
International collaboration is high.
The research continues at a rapid pace.
At least vaccines are being developed around the world.
Mike is a 52-year-old web content specialist who has been sober since 2012.
Connection with one another is a key part of the way many people in recovery from drug and alcohol addiction stay clean and sober.
Larry, a real estate agent, relapsed last year after more than a dozen years sober.
Larry is participating in an outpatient treatment program.
How far back can you remember?
We have a capybara.
Do capybaras get along with dogs?
Do capybaras get along with stegosauruses?
Tom rides a capybara to work.
This is a great opportunity for Tom to unleash his potential.
This room is dark and gloomy.
This room is light and airy.
The kitchen is light and airy.
The kitchen is dark and gloomy.
The library is dark and gloomy.
The library is light and airy.
Tom put the book back on the bookshelf.
Tom's house has a large library.
The king dined in the great hall.
Tom slept on the floor of the great hall.
Tom slept on the floor wrapped in a blanket.
Tom wrapped the blanket around his body to keep warm.
Tom wrapped the blanket around his body to stay warm.
Tom's house has large windows.
Tom's house has small windows.
Tom's house is made from locally sourced materials.
Tom's house was made using locally sourced materials.
Tom dipped his French fries in ketchup.
Tom dipped his French fries into the ketchup.
You look a lot like your sister.
Tom dipped his fry in ketchup.
Tom took forever to eat.
Tom gave Mary a sideways glance.
Mary gave Alice a sideways glance.
His hair is longer than mine.
Tom's hair is longer than mine.
There was a glass on the nightstand.
Mary has short hair.
Mary has long hair.
It cost more than Tom had expected.
The pandemic has caused a reduction in air pollution.
The pandemic has led to a drop in air pollution around the world.
Hubble, like all telescopes, is a time machine that astronomers can use to see into the past.
Because light from the universe does not reach us instantly but takes time to travel vast cosmic distances, Hubble reveals galaxies not as they are today, but as they appeared when their light left those galaxies millions or billions of years ago.
Kristine is a paleoclimatologist.
Tom is a paleoclimatologist.
Tom is a postdoctoral researcher.
The diver put on his diving gear.
Shipworms feed on wood.
Shipworms digest wood with the help of symbiotic bacteria.
Bryozoans stick to the wood but don't eat it.
Dan Distel is a shipworm biologist.
Tom grew bacteria inside a Petri dish for a science project.
Ischgl is a paradise for skiers.
We chatted for a while.
Tom and Mary chatted for a while.
Mary and Alice chatted for a while.
The spiral galaxy NGC is located about million light-years away.
Tom grew up inside a Petri dish.
I want to know why you want to know.
They don't have a Dutch passport.
My Yiddish really isn't that good.
My Greek really isn't that good.
My Shanghainese isn't very good at all.
My Telugu is really pretty terrible.
I don't speak much Telugu at all.
I know a handful of phrases in Telugu.
It looks like we're out of petrol.
Lyn and Sue should have won the award since the best project was theirs.
She's small.
Tom's family is old money.
She is small.
He is small.
She's petite.
Don't tell me anything about Tom. I don't want to know.
The Visigoth race, conqueror of the Spains, had subjugated the entire Peninsula for over a century.
Prior to the 20th century, it was the most marginal of ideas to claim Jews were merely a religion and not a people.
Esther's family is Conservative Jewish.
Esther's family is Reform Jewish.
Esther's family is Orthodox Jewish.
Esther's family is Hassidic.
Esther's family are Sephardi Jews.
Esther's family are Yemenite Jews.
Esther's family are Romaniote Jews.
Esther's family is Neolog Jewish.
Your insolence now is large too much
Do you like spaghetti?
Do you like pasta?
Do you like fusilli pasta?
Do you like bucatini pasta?
Do you like ditalini pasta?
Do you like ditaloni pasta?
Do you like cavatappi pasta?
Do you like farfalle pasta?
Do you like farfalle tonde pasta?
Do you like linguine pasta?
Do you like penne pasta?
Do you like orzo pasta?
Do you like stelline pasta?
Do you trust Tom's judgement?
I really like summer. In fact, it's my favourite week of the year.
There is no baseless rumor.
I'm glad it's sunny today.
Do you need help with your bags?
Don't leave my side, okay?
Do you know what year it is?
Why don't you walk Mary home?
Why did she believe that?
I won't get another chance.
He seemed to be a really nice guy.
He made a very nice impression.
None of the Germanic tribes, who, dividing among themselves the provinces of the Caesarian empire, had tried to dress their barbaric nakedness in the torn but splendid garments of Roman civilization, had known like the Goths how to gather these fragments of purple and gold, to compose themselves in the example of civilized people.
With what purpose?
Ladies and Gentlemen, we have just landed. Please remain seated with your seat belts fastened, until the seat belt sign has been switched off . When you leave the aircraft, make sure you take all of your belongings with you. On behalf of the captain and the crew, we would like to say goodbye, and we hope to meet on board another Turkish Airlines flight, thank you.
Robert is old money.
I heard him rambling, the words entirely disconnected.
I heard him raving, the words entirely disconnected.
How long will this situation last?
We'll give you a ring.
Anza, these are the groans that some hear at night, in houses where people have been cut throats or have suffered a violent death.
How do I access the dark web?
That was my rug!
Vaccines work by mimicking what happens in the body during infection without making patients sick.
An insurance agent sells home insurance.
Signs of hope are appearing.
Scientists are working to develop tests to identify people with antibodies to the virus in their blood.
The patient gets a weakened version of the germ, which triggers the body's immune system to produce antibodies.
When enough people have been infected and survive, the virus can't find new hosts.
The percentage of people that need to have antibodies in order to provide herd immunity varies from disease to disease.
The final factor that will determine whether COVID-can be defeated once and for all is whether it lives in another animal, known as a reservoir, from which it can reinfect people.
If the virus continues to circulate in bats, that makes eliminating the disease "very challenging, if not impossible." Andrus said.
"Because you can't go vaccinate bats," he added.
A silver lining of the current pandemic is that rescue dogs are finding foster homes at higher than normal rates.
They decided it was a perfect time to make the move.
“We kept coming back to Goldie’s profile because the photos were charming and there was a streamed video of her and we decided that it would make sense for us to get over to the Humane Rescue Alliance shelter,” said Drescher.
Goldie is a lucky dog.
The friendly canine had been a favorite at the shelter.
It made a lot of sense to us to adopt a dog now because we realized that we could give Goldie the time and the attention and care that she needed.
At 10½, Goldie is older than most adoptees.
In the short time they’ve known her, the couple have already learned a lot about their canine companion, including the fact that she’s a picky eater.
When we take her out on walks, she’s eager to chase squirrels and she walks at a fairly fast pace.
“I think right now a lot of people are struggling with anxiety, uncertainty, maybe an adjustment in their routine, workload, working from home -- there's a lot to be focused on,” she said.
Adopting an animal -- or taking an animal into your home as a foster -- can provide some relief just in the form of having something positive to focus on.
Madison Keesler clears furniture and pets from the living room, while Benjamin Freemantle chomps on a banana topped with peanut butter.
The two, who live together, are preparing to dance with dozens of other members of the San Francisco Ballet company currently sequestered throughout the city and around the world.
Once used mostly for corporate meetings, video conferences have suddenly become the lifeline connecting isolated friends, co-workers, and family members.
“A ballet company in particular, the people you work with and especially the dancers, they become like family,” says Keesler.
The abrupt cancellation of performances and loss of the daily ritual and camaraderie has been challenging.
Alpert, a retired social worker, also meets virtually with her book club and refugee support organizations she is affiliated with.
It's a way to stay connected to one another.
Louie Schwartzberg had spent months generating buzz and cultivating an audience for his documentary film “Fantastic Fungi,” selling out theaters in the U.S. and Europe for the planned release date of March 26.
Of the forced sequestration he has this to say, “Maybe there is a little bit more time to stare at a certain flower in the garden. Maybe there's a little bit more time to think about your friends and your family.”
Schwartzberg is known for his dazzling time-lapse nature photography.
Ten years of closely observing mushrooms for his current film has given Schwartzberg a perspective on surviving natural threats.
One of the messages in the movie, which I didn't realize until I finished the movie, is that individuals with a community survive better than individuals alone.
U.S. President Donald Trump has removed the independent watchdog overseeing the management of the country’s $trillion coronavirus rescue package, the second inspector general he has ousted in recent days.
New Zealand’s Prime Minister has announced the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny are “essential workers,” allowing them to do their jobs despite national lockdown rules.
She encouraged families to help all children by drawing an Easter egg putting it in the window for other children to “find” while out on their daily exercises.
New Zealand has already embraced an international trend of putting teddy bears in the window for children to spot as they go for walks.
Since 1877, the lawn tennis tournament at Wimbledon, a suburb of London, has been a fixture in Britain’s social calendar.
Europe’s fruit and vegetable farmers are warning that the continent’s fresh food supplies will be increasingly squeezed.
Spain’s southern region of Andalusia supplies the rest of Europe with 90% of the early seasonal fruit at this time of the year.
The strawberry harvest has already been disrupted.
The central European states of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Austria have imposed land border closures, blocking migrant workers from crossing the continent.
France has called on domestic workers who have been laid off to help farmers pick fruit and vegetables.
Lambert estimates around 200,workers are needed in the next three months to pick strawberries and other seasonal crops.
Christine Lambert, head of France’s national union of farmers, said, “Due to the closure of the Schengen borders, but also to movement restrictions in Europe, the Poles and Romanians who used to come, won’t anymore. If our call is not heard, the production will remain in the fields and the entire fruit and vegetable sector will be damaged.”
Germany is also facing disrupted harvests and fears crops will rot in the fields.
Germany will need to find 300,seasonal workers.
Last month, just as the border closures started, asparagus farmers from Brandenburg chartered a flight to fly in Romanians. That number is a fraction of the 5,workers Brandenburg farmers need.
Across Europe, officials and farmers hope university students and furloughed workers will sign up to support their local farms.
Some farmers say unskilled labor will undoubtedly help, but they caution that untried farmhands take much longer to do the work and can often damage crops and produce.
There will be thousands of vacancies opening up in fields, polytunnels, glasshouses and packhouses across the country in the coming weeks, and we need people to help deliver healthy, affordable British fruit and veg from field to plate.
Tuesday is World Health Day.
World Health Day is celebrated each year on the World Health Organization’s founding day.
New analysis of data collected by the U.S. space agency’s Cassini spacecraft may have solved what has been a mystery to scientists for years: What keeps the upper layers of Saturn so warm?
The warmth of Saturn and other gas giants in the solar system has puzzled scientists because the planets are too far from the sun for it to be the source of the heat that has been found in their atmospheres.
When the moon gets closest to the Earth in its orbit, it appears bigger and brighter than usual and is called a supermoon.
A supermoon can look up to 14% bigger and 30% brighter than a regular monthly full moon.
Most years have full moons, but this year will have 13, three of them supermoons.
A blue moon is the second full moon in the same month – something that happens only every 2½ or three years.
English-language speakers are familiar with the phrase “once in a blue moon,” referring to something that happens rarely.
This year’s blue moon will fall on Halloween, October 31.
Tom likes EDM.
Tom said some horrible things about me.
He created it in a few days.
Your opinion is not very important to me.
At what time will the party begin?
The child is apparently sleeping.
Romeo can't even write his own name.
I want to lead a meaningful life that's full of purpose.
I'm not inviting you.
Would that help?
In 1992, George Soros broke the British pound.
I usually travel in first class.
He didn't even lift a finger.
He finally stopped smoking.
There are flowers in the garden.
Everyone must protect the environment.
Now it's no longer possible to do anything against that.
Honestly, I also know nothing about that.
You made good purchases.
Oh god! How chaotic!
My children are baptized.
I am going to the bakery.
He visits the zoo.
She is a learner.
Each language has it's own grammar.
One must respect the law.
I go to the school with my little sister.
The children finished their homework.
He eats quickly, doesn't he?
I work as a video game developer for a big tech company.
I'd like a cherry.
She won a lot of money.
Our COVID-strategy is the green curve.
You can do many things in virtual reality that you can't do in real life.
My virtual reality headset is broken because it fell on the ground.
Do you like to go to a concert?
Tom is using a blowtorch.
She worked much longer than usual, that's why she felt tired.
Do you like going to concerts?
You saw no one there that you knew?
Why'd someone want to murder me?
He went with Maria to Boston.
I live in the city of Irvine, California.
Vermicomposting is a method of decomposing organic waste using worms.
Are there sentences that can not be translated at all?
Tom only spoke in German.
They arrived last.
Is your name Somchai?
I love Thailand.
How are things in Germany now?
Please don't write on the book. Thank you for your cooperation.
I still can't speak Thai fluently.
On your birthday this year, Andrew, you are turning right?
He must be stuck on the road, surely.
She must be stuck on the road, surely.
I traveled to Thailand before.
I have nothing warm to wear.
I didn't smoke earlier.
I want to live in Brazil!
I don't have the money to buy that dictionary.
Hours passed like minutes.
It's very warm now.
"Why are you not eating?" "No reason."
Will you find her?
Can you introduce your boyfriend to me?
You will eat your delicious cherry.
There was only the sound of the wind whistling through the trees.
Tom would be embarrassed on your behalf.
Shingles is caused by the chickenpox virus and manifests itself by a belt-shaped, painful skin rash.
Leovigild had expelled the remaining soldiers of the Greek emperors from Spain, had suppressed the audacity of the Franks, who in their raids ravaged the Visigothic provinces beyond the Pyrenees, had put an end to the sort of monarchy that the Suevi had established in Gallaecia and had expired in Toledo, after having established political and civil laws, and peace and public order in its vast domains, which stretched from coast to coast, and also, crossing the mountains of Vasconia, covered a large portion of the former Narbonian Gaul.
What if I lose my job? What will you do?
What if I lost my job? What would you do?
Will it ever snow in Rio de Janeiro?
Oy vey!
Home-made biscuits are the best.
He passed the test he took last Friday.
She passed the test she took last Friday.
He passed his driving test on his first attempt.
He owns a lot of land just outside of Istanbul.
He overslept and missed the bus he usually rides.
He opened the window to get some fresh air.
He opened the door, even though I asked him not to.
He only spent ten liras for his lunch.
He only slept for three hours last night.
He only has a slight foreign accent.
He glanced at the headlines.
He only eats organic food.
He only eats lean meats and vegetables.
He often watches TV while eating dinner.
He often stays up most of the night.
He often skips meals.
She often skips meals.
He often sits in front of his computer all day.
He often munches on snacks while watching TV.
He often makes mistakes.
She often makes mistakes.
He often has nightmares.
He often goes abroad.
She often has nightmares.
She often goes abroad.
He often gets ear infections.
He often eats in bed.
He often drives too fast.
He often breaks promises.
He often acts like a baby when he can't get his way.
He objected to being treated like a child.
He noticed that his hands weren't clean.
He never works on Sunday.
She never speaks unless spoken to.
He never seems to know what to say.
He never quarrels with his wife in public.
He never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.
He never eats mucver.
He never drinks beer at home.
He never dates older women.
He neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
He needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
He needs to renew his passport before the fifteenth of this month.
He needs to make an urgent telephone call.
He needs to get some sleep.
He needs to get more exercise.
He needs to get into shape.
She needs to get into shape.
He needs to find an apartment not too far from where he works.
He needs to face the facts.
He needs to buy a new raincoat.
He needs someone to talk to.
He needs at least eight hours of sleep every night or he can't function.
He needs a sharp knife.
He needs a new pair of glasses.
He needs a dry towel.
He needed some time to think things over.
He nearly died after eating mushrooms.
He must have been at home at that time.
He must decide what to do right away.
He must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
He must choose between honor and death.
He has to change his shirt.
He must buy a pair of shoes. His old ones are all worn out.
He must be well off. He drives a very nice car.
He must be very happy after winning the race.
He must be tired after working all day in the hot sun.
He must be forty or so.
He must be over forty by now.
He must be more careful from now on.
She must be more careful from now on.
He must be home by 3:30.
He must be from Ankara.
He must be at least forty years old.
He moved to Istanbul two years ago.
He moved to a company that offered him a higher salary.
He missed the last bus.
He mispronounces many words.
He might possibly know the answer.
He might not know the answer.
He might not be as happy as he looks.
He might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
He met with an unfortunate accident.
She met with an unfortunate accident.
He mentioned that it was about time to leave.
He may use my video camera if he wants to.
She may use my video camera if she likes.
He may use my bicycle whenever he wants.
He may possibly be lying about that.
They may not come.
He may have been there. I don't know.
He may have been sleeping at the time.
He may do whatever he likes with what I gave him.
She may do whatever she likes with what I gave her.
He may come and visit me any time he wants to.
He may choose whichever color he likes.
She may come and visit me any time she wants to.
He may borrow my car any day next week.
He may be under forty.
She may be under forty.
He may be the only one who can solve this problem.
He managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
He managed to finish the work without any help.
He managed to escape from the room where his kidnappers had kept him locked up.
She managed to escape from the room where her kidnappers had kept her locked up.
He managed a small restaurant in Istanbul for quite a few years.
He makes it a rule to meditate every morning.
He makes it a rule not to eat after 8:p.m.
He makes a living as a traveling salesman.
He makes a good living.
He makes liras a day working at a resort hotel.
She majored in psychology.
He majored in business.
He made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
She made up her mind to become a teacher.
He made up his mind to be a helicopter pilot.
He made twenty thousand liras last month.
She made the volleyball team.
He made sure that his son ate everything on his plate.
He made me look through his photo album.
He made many mistakes.
He made it on time.
He made his servants eat in the dark.
She made enough soup to serve twenty people.
She made enough sandwiches to feed everyone.
He made a wise decision.
He made a reservation for three days at the hotel.
They made a mistake.
He made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
He made a list of things he needed to buy.
He made a list of songs he liked.
He made a list of places he wanted to visit.
He made a good speech.
He made a frantic attempt to finish painting the fence before dark.
He made a few serious mistakes.
He made a few mistakes on the test.
He made a big mistake.
He loves horror movies and watches them whenever he can.
He loves to bully younger students.
They love singing.
He loves fried chicken.
They love fishing.
He loves coming here since he thinks this place serves the only kokorech worth eating.
He loves being outdoors.
He lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
I lost my way.
I lost my voice.
She lost her memory.
She lost all of her money.
She loses her temper easily.
They look young.
She looks worried.
He looks very happy.
He looks tired. Please take him home.
He doesn't look tired.
He looks the same as before.
She looks strong.
He doesn't look sad.
He looks happy today.
He looks funny wearing those shoes.
He looks dignified.
You looked very happy.
He looked lonely.
They looked happy.
He looked around the room for his keys.
He looked very tired when I saw him yesterday.
She locked himself in the bathroom.
They live somewhere around here.
He lives on the third floor of this apartment building.
He lives in a three-bedroom house on the outskirts of the city.
He lives in a house without running water.
She lives from hand to mouth.
She lives around here somewhere.
He lived with his uncle in Ankara while going to university.
He lived to be 95.
He lived to be years old.
He lived in that small house for a little over five years.
He lived in an interesting part of Antalya.
He lived in a tent next to the river while he attended summer school.
He lived here five years ago.
He listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
He listened to music in his room until late at night.
He likes watching TV in the evening.
She likes vanilla ice cream.
He likes to write poems and song lyrics.
He likes to sit up front.
He likes to do everything by himself.
He likes to be mysterious.
He likes apples and eats three or four a week.
He likes listening to the radio when he's driving.
He likes dogs better than cats.
He likes coffee better than tea.
She likes chocolate very much.
He likes camping on the beach.
He likes Bolu better than any other place he's lived.
He likes playing jereed.
He likes being alone.
She likes being alone.
He likes listening to Istanbul Turkish the most, but he also likes the sound of Azerbaijani Turkish.
He let the dog out.
He let out a deep breath.
They let me down.
He often eats Aegean food.
Let's not lose any more time!
They are hiding underground.
They will find them in the end.
They will shiver with fear.
I participated in the search.
It won't be easy to get them out.
It was his last supper.
Some firms are struggling to survive.
Open the settings tab.
I'm setting up my computer.
Change from phone settings.
My computer is powerful.
people who jeer at others
Tom está usando um maçarico
The artist Jean-Louis Aubert is apparently right to say: "If you have joy in yourself, you could more easily catch happiness." Thus, in all circumstances, the blessed will never be completely cut down; he will always keep some verve. This could be called resilience.
Wherever we are, it's a disaster! We will never forget this calamity! If we survive!
Emoji could be the most widely used, the most universal and the most commonly understood language on the planet.
While language barriers exist around the globe, almost everyone understands emojis.
While language barriers exist around the globe, almost everyone uses and understands the emoticons that express mood, food preference, occupation, nationality, sexual orientation, favorite TV watching, physical capability, hobbies, fashion choices, flora and fauna, sports, weapon of choice, weather and zodiac sign.
Emojis have gone beyond just punctuation marks, letters and numbers.
Manicures, scorpions, planets, raw oysters, wrestlers and pixies are just a few of the available emoji.
Emojis are constantly being created and updated for different events, issues, likes and circumstances.
Several emojis are being widely used during the COVID-pandemic: 🦠🌡🧼🤧😷🤒🤧🤮.
Why bother typing that much when you can send emojis instead?
Born and raised in China, Xu said emojis have helped him build many meaningful friendships with students from diverse cultures.
When I first started school here, I wanted to make friends.
When I first started school here, I wanted to make friends. But I struggled to speak English fluently.
Tom wanted to make friends, but he struggled to speak French fluently.
Tom struggled to make friends.
Tom struggled to make friends at first.
Many people use emojis because “faces have much stronger expressive power than words,” said Dirk Parham, professor of anthropology at Howard Community College in Maryland.
Many people use emojis because faces have a stronger expressive power than words.
“All languages, invented by various human species, survive on the basis of adaptability,” Parham explained. “Emojis make a classic case for that.”
O’Plerou Grebet, a 21-year-old Ivorian student, created Zouzoukwa African emojis to illustrate West African culture.
Given emojis' popularity in cross-cultural communication, could it replace other languages?
“Purely symbolic languages can never be as specific as verbal ones,” Parham said.
In the West, at least, being able to describe details is highly valued in all occupations especially in STEM and social sciences, something a symbolic language like emojis can never live up to.
“I think emojis are convenient and easy to use, but within limits,” said Mingda She, senior accounting major at Temple University.
For me, if all or most of what I receive from someone in texting are emojis, I would feel that person is exaggerating or faking emotions.
Emojis were first introduced in by Japanese artist Shigetaka Kurita.
“I think when I am feeling happy, I send 😂 to emphasize that. But when I am feeling nervous, I send the same emoji to express self-deprecation,” he explained.
As of October 2019, 😂 has topped the most frequently used emojis online, according to unicode.org.
The “smiling face with heart-eyes” conveys enthusiastic feelings of love, infatuation, and adoration for someone.
The “rolling on the floor laughing” emoji is a yellow face with a big grin and scrunched, X-shaped eyes, tilted on its side as if rolling on the floor laughing.
The “smiling face with smiling eyes” is a standard in approval and appreciation. It expresses genuine happiness and warm, positive feelings. It is an emoji form of the ^^ emoticon.
Two hands placed firmly together, meaning please or thank you in Japanese culture, is the “folded hands” emoji.
The “loudly crying face” emoji is a yellow face with an open mouth wailing and streams of heavy tears flowing from closed eyes. It conveys inconsolable grief but also other intense feelings, such as uncontrollable laughter or overwhelming joy.
The “face blowing a kiss” emoji is a yellow face winking with puckered lips blowing a kiss, depicted as a small, red heart. It represents a kiss goodbye or good night and conveys feelings of love and affection more generally.
The “thumbs up” emoji indicates approval.
Emojis come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Emojis, those cute, vivid images that liven up emails and texts, come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
There are more than 2,emojis to choose from.
Since 2015, it has been possible to pick skin tones for many of the people emojis, such as the mermaid, firefighter and baby.
Scientists studying data from a European Space Agency (ESA) satellite say they have observed a strong reduction in ozone concentrations over the Arctic, creating what they are calling a “mini-hole” in the ozone layer.
For the first time in recorded history, Rome — including the Vatican — are deserted on Holy Week as travel restrictions and fear of contagion are keeping pilgrims away.
Happy Passover!
Happy Pesach!
Don't stay.
I believe that I no longer love her.
The question is too difficult for me.
The calendar is on the table.
Did you understand the lesson?
Respect your wife's parents.
Do you remember what you promised me?
Let's buy a dog for him.
She read that book before.
I've already started learning Russian.
Does he have to close the window?
Yes, I will change trains there.
I'm in the bar.
Let's buy him a dog.
My wife forced me to learn Esperanto.
Not every woman who starts a fire will cook.
Only say what you discussed yesterday, nothing more.
I don't even have a car.
Doesn't she take care of your children?
I tried to learn the guitar by myself.
I don't need anyone except you.
Fuck the state.
He speaks wisely.
When did you start teaching?
Where'd they go again?
He's afraid that soon it'll be too late.
I'm washing your dogs.
I forgot my money again.
They'll be hungry.
Understood!
Tom was ready to say something as soon as the door opened.
Since that time the distinction between the two races, the conqueror or Gothic and the Roman or conquered, had almost disappeared, and the men of the north had become confounded with those of midday in a single nation, to whose grandiosity had contributed that with the rough virtues of savage Germania, this with the traditions of Roman culture and polity.
Finally, instigated by his political opponents, a mob murdered Pythagoras and many of his followers.
"This is my sister." "Your sister?" "Yes." "She's beautiful!"
"I have a girlfriend back in Algiers." "A girlfriend?" "Yes." "Is she beautiful? Please tell me more about her."
"I have a girlfriend in Algiers." "Is she beautiful?" "Yes." "More beautiful than me?"
Salas, the great cheater, is now himself cheated on.
The snow is deep.
The fog is dense.
If a country that revoked the citizenship of its own Jewish population refuses to allow them to return, what does it mean for that country to support Palestine?
I've been away from home for years.
Was he transferred to prison this quickly?
He suddenly became quiet.
If I were in your shoes, I wouldn't go at all.
If I were you, I wouldn't go at all.
He doesn't say a word.
I want to ask a question.
What kind of person was the lawyer?
I'd never imagine you'd have an affair with someone working for the company.
No one in this company can do secret things.
It wasn't supposed to be done like this.
Don't lie, please!
They are very festive.
It is the rope which holds the cannon in place.
It seems to be a swab for the cannon.
Gray is a color intermediate between black and white.
This level is intermediate. It isn't hard.
My level in English is intermediate.
They weigh too much to be moved.
I don't think I've ever seen such a cute pirate before.
I'm selling these fine leather jackets.
You seem pretty tough.
Do you have a fake beard?
Is it a real hook?
Is that eye patch real?
I love talking to you!
I drink milk straight from the carton.
You are not.
Tell me more!
What is behind that door?
It's the treasury.
He's been working on a secret weapon.
Some kind of cannonball.
Shut your mouth!
One more little sound and you will find out!!
Tom is high as a kite.
You and what army?
Go ahead and shoot.
I'm not a pirate.
I'm thirsty for blood.
You're getting too close.
Look where you shoot.
What side are you on?
I'm already an expert.
All those bones and stuff are floating towards the ship.
She is still searching for you.
The first female rabbi was an Aramaic-speaking Kurdish Jew.
If I could just get my hands on that gunner
At least I have lost some weight.
This is pretty boring.
It's so unfair!
It's a horrible skull.
There is an arm of a skeleton floating in the water.
Have you lost something?
I'm sorry I destroyed your boat.
I'm too petrified to speak.
Why do the bad guys laugh so much?
I feel like you're not taking me seriously.
No, I'm taking you seriously.
Do you have to laugh at everything?
Was your mother's father also bald?
I lost my saber when the ship was wrecked.
No self-respecting pirate would wear that.
It's a bottle.
I've seen enough of him.
I wouldn't know where to plug them in.
I see the bottom of the sea.
Her heart has been stabbed.
Marry me!
I don't know, it seems a little creepy.
It's a diamond ring.
I'm a man of action.
How did you survive the explosion?
It's the engagement ring.
See you at the wedding.
She is not going to like this very much.
Do not chew on both sides of the jaws at the same time.
Do not run two hares at the same time.
Don't try to be in two places at the same time.
I live here under the bridge.
It's not possible to cross the bridge.
This fortress has seen better times.
Do you know how to lift curses?
You seem bitter.
It's been a very rough day.
I have a pack of gum.
The ramblings are incoherent words from someone who is sick or depressed, that he mumbles while awake.
A user experience designer creates user-friendly websites.
Tom ran a hot bath.
Mary ran a hot bath.
The world's top condom producer is warning of an impending shortage.
Malaysia-based contraceptive company Karex makes one in every five condoms in sold in the world.
Julie Kent was a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre from to 2015.
They're still friends today.
Tom and Mary are still friends today.
Ballet life is not easy.
Julie emphasizes that ballet life is not easy.
Tom and Mary starred in this movie together.
Julie and Mikhail starred in the movie "Dancers" together.
Welcome to life.
Julie has taken part in hundreds of performances in her dancing career.
The COVID-pandemic has upended people's lives across the globe.
Don't encourage them.
Tom and Mary live in a superinsulated home.
I can't stop doing it.
Tom couldn't stop doing it.
Tom couldn't stop adding sentences to Tatoeba.
Who is playing the piano there?
I have little to do.
Call him so that he comes to eat with us.
The box was open and inside there was nothing.
The dam is full of water.
A hidden passenger was discovered in the airplane.
The watch is broken.
Use logic.
I am eating breakfast in the company canteen.
Why do you not come back?
Tom speaks English with a clear French accent.
What is the best way to get to Copacabana beach?
She gave up her seat to an older person.
Maria was wet.
He was always a quiet boy, but he surprised everyone when he responded to the professor's question.
I'm letting you leave, provided that you do not come back late.
We're interested in politics.
The most desired woman is the one that can't be had.
Mary might invite us.
Where are we going this afternoon?
He was not warm.
Tomorrow morning will be snowy.
Did someone change something here before she came?
Poor dear. There's nothing to eat.
Computing is his passion.
Marco continued being a good friend even in difficult times.
That will be great publicity.
Why did you feel so offended yesterday?
Tom didn't have dinner yesterday.
I am looking at the house.
I left to buy a present for my friend.
I looked around the store.
Tom read the newspaper in his pajamas.
Someone who doesn't make any mistakes probably doesn't do anything at all.
Do you have to eat dinner?
She couldn't stop crying.
Sometimes I ask myself if I did a good job.
It's often said that it's difficult to get into a Japanese university, but it's easy to earn a degree.
Ask me about that.
I hope that Tom will be very happy.
I'm sorry, but do you know the time?
She saw him at the airport.
I think that I was also dancing in my dream.
We can't imagine a world without electricity and water.
He went everywhere to find that medication.
Is Russia our enemy? I don't believe that.
I drove her home.
I use Duolingo to study languages. And you?
The hardest thing is to stay strong.
Sir, your wisdom is as great as your goodness.
I'd rather be alone than be unhappy with him for the rest of my life.
It's a big stuffed crocodile.
Stay next to the door.
How come you appeared like that?
No one speaks the official language as their native tongue.
She spent long periods of time in a foreign country.
I can't think of anything I can hate more.
I promise you won't be disappointed with me.
Do you know how to sing?
It was so hot that I took off my coat.
I believe that you will like our present.
I said nothing, but that made him angry.
After letting it simmer on low heat for thirty minutes, it'll be ready.
But I have to talk to you.
It all started on the island.
Harajuku's one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
I will disappear from here at any moment.
I love the decoration.
Sorry for the mess.
The meeting won't last that long.
They are adorable kids.
Would you like to see his picture?
There's no time for that now.
Perhaps later.
I feel like something terrible has happened.
I asked her to marry me.
Never mind that now!
We have to hurry!
Where did you hide her?
Go, before it's too late.
I have to get her back.
It looks like I'm going to need more help.
It'll be hard to get her back.
Do you know who might have kidnapped her?
The curse is very powerful.
You will soon become familiar with it.
You have to be very careful.
When in doubt, forbear.
It's on the west side of the island.
The way is very treacherous.
This is going to be complicated.
Maybe you'd rather stay inside.
This could get complicated.
This could get messy.
What island is this?
You have docked on the island.
Lately, a lot has happened on the island.
Thank you, I've heard everything I wanted to know.
Don't you think you're being a little bit dramatic?
What came?
There were others like you.
Yeah, right.
It's a lemonade pitcher.
The ingredients in this product could be harmful or fatal if ingested.
Have you already opened?
This one's gonna be good.
I'd love for you to have some of my lemonade.
It only costs a coin.
Is the lemonade good?
It's a very healthy beverage.
I'll have some lemonade.
Give me a coin.
This jug has no bottom.
Give me the money back.
No refunds.
No refunds will be given.
Was the lemonade bad?
I couldn't even taste it.
I'm sorry, but it's company policy.
Thank you, have a nice day.
Come to the swamp!
I'll read your fortune.
Visit our new place!
It's a henhouse.
I don't see any chickens.
It's a crow's nest.
Stella is a Hungarian Jew.
Stella is a Jewish Hungarian.
Stella is a Hungarian Jewish woman.
Stella volunteers at a Catholic hospital.
Stella is a widow.
Stella has five grandchildren.
Stella is a woman of valor.
Stella is an ideal woman.
It would've been a nice coat if it weren't for that dandruff.
It's a magic wand.
There's something inside.
It's a glove.
It looks too big for me.
It's an old travel trunk.
It is covered with adhesives from many distant countries.
It looks too heavy to carry.
I don't need a prop.
They're just fake swords.
They are fake spears.
I need to read the instructions to make it work.
I prefer the natural look.
So quit it!
I don't want to look like a donkey.
They say it's huge.
Did I just say too much?
It's a comb.
Take your hands off that comb!
I'm sure they can cut anything.
Of course you are.
Since when are you colorblind?
I'm still not very impressed.
I don't want to insult you.
Why can't we get along?
The auditions didn't go as well as we'd hoped.
We had a tenor once.
I still don't know why you are a barber.
Look at the time.
I don't want to start giving him cakes.
Stella started working as an office clerk during World War II while her husband was overseas.
Hey look my punctuation in that game
The road is very treacherous.
This book is good.
Well, that changes things, doesn't it?
And what do you have to show for it?
I have a ton of cool stories.
I have these coins.
Don't distract him while he's working.
This calls for drastic measures.
Millions of people around the world are observing Good Friday, the day Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem.
It's like a sauna in here.
We got caught up in the heat of the moment.
Tom got carried away in the heat of the moment.
This house is made out of sustainable materials.
Tom's house is made out of sustainable materials.
Mary is a headstrong girl.
I thirst for your words.
I'll have to amputate.
You'll ruin my hair.
What should a man do to obtain it?
The man who throws the furthest will be the winner.
It's the most stupid sport I've ever heard of.
I'm sorry, but no.
They are too valuable to me.
I think you already told me.
When we look at other places in the universe, it could very well be that photosynthetic life is the exception.
I will have to find another one.
I'll wait for the movie.
I've looked all over the island.
I just remembered I have another appointment.
This jungle is very dense.
I need something sharp.
It's attached to the vine.
I can't remove it.
Those scissors are not a toy.
I wonder what this sign means.
Of course I have made a reservation.
Layla speaks Maltese.
Mary speaks Maltese.
Tom speaks Maltese.
Sami speaks Maltese.
We speak tamalṭit.
I like to watch soccer games in the stadium.
I'm from Malawi.
I live in Malawi.
Mary lives in Malawi.
Tom lives in Malawi.
They live in Malawi.
We live in Malawi.
I am Malawian.
He is Malawian.
She is Malawian.
I'm confused: is this or that the right way?
Tom seemed eager to impress me.
Strangely, toilet paper has suddenly become a hot commodity during the global pandemic.
Please throw the banana peel in the vermicompost bin.
Tom and Mary are both Canadian citizens.
I gave him a picture of myself as a gift.
Tom is a neuroscientist.
There's a snake in the garden.
If Tom didn't know that he could count on you, he would never have asked for your help.
Tom's head is empty.
It's very late. Why don't you get ready for bed, and we'll talk about this again in the morning?
That pair of scissors is not a toy.
Then show me your reservation slip.
You may seat yourself.
"You know where Botswana is?" "Of course I do. I just don't tell you now."
I didn't cheat on you. I just don't love you anymore.
She cheated on me with a younger guy.
This cookie is full of maggots.
He cheated on me with a younger guy.
I know that my husband cheated on me.
My bridegroom cheated on me.
I'm obsessed with the Kadazandusun language.
Why don't you translate longer sentences?
Why don't you add longer sentences at all?
I don't remember the end of the story any longer.
It's a very sharp knife.
It's a sawhorse.
It's a huge barrel of rum.
They are made out of palm trees.
They look really hard to throw.
Who helps him?
Who's helping him?
There are ants everywhere.
This tree is the only one of its kind in the entire Western Hemisphere.
I have to lay off the rum.
I am not lazy, I am just not in the mood to do it.
I win.
Never before have I seen such strength.
Of course I will join your crew.
I'll wait in the store until you're ready.
I will need two more sailors.
I was just warming up.
It's a loaded pistol.
I've never heard of anything so low.
We got carried away in the heat of the moment.
Tom and Mary got carried away in the heat of the moment.
I knew that candy wasn't good for my teeth.
He's the owner of the shop.
He's got a gold tooth.
Would you like some gum?
I usually use dental floss as part of my dental hygiene.
I like to feel this gold in my hand.
I wish it were a real ship.
He is the owner of this shop.
It's some kind of footwear.
But they are still hot.
What is her alignment?
What is his alignment?
I never heard of that language before.
Can you hear the silence?
"Can you hear the silence?" "No, I can hear nothing."
Ordinary Americans are taking it upon themselves to make homemade masks.
U.S. authorities are now recommending all Americans use face covers to help contain the spread of the deadly virus. So now ordinary Americans are taking it upon themselves to make homemade masks — one person at a time — in the battle against this invisible enemy.
Despite the pandemic, people around the world still find ways to party – even if it has to be done online.
Enthusiasm for lunar flights had diminished greatly. By the time Apollo came around, I think the only mention in The New York Times was on page of the weather page, because everyone had forgotten.
The public’s lack of attention all changed in an instant, when an explosion rocked the spacecraft hurtling through space two days into the mission.
Lovell and crewmates Jack Swigert and Fred Haise were in grave peril.
“It had been a major sound, a metallic echoing, a bang that came through the spacecraft,” Haise recalled.
We knew it was nothing normal, something bad.
As warning signals lit up the cabin of their command module – and instrument panels at NASA’s mission control in Houston, Texas – Lovell uttered a sentence that would reverberate through history.
Houston, we’ve had a problem.
“We were not prepared for any kind of problems as large as Apollo 13,” said NASA Flight Director Gerald “Gerry” Griffin.
We had three crewmen in a dead spacecraft 200,miles away from Earth heading towards the moon.
etting them back alive meant round-the-clock problem-solving in a high-stress environment where the stakes were life or death.
We had been trained with the notion that as long as you had plenty of options left, don’t give up, just keep on plugging.
We never ran out of options.
The one option that quickly evaporated once the explosion occurred was completing the mission as planned.
I was sick to my stomach because I knew that we were not going to be able to land on the moon.
By using the lunar module as a temporary lifeboat, Lovell and his crew were able to slingshot around the moon and limp back to Earth.
They touched down in the Pacific Ocean to the excitement – and relief – of millions.
They touched down in the Pacific Ocean to the excitement – and relief – of millions, making the mission what NASA called a “successful failure.”
Neither Jim Lovell nor Fred Haise would ever walk on the moon.
“Years later when we decided to write a book about the story of Apollo – I got the feeling that yes, the flight was a failure,” Lovell said. “But in another aspect it was a triumph in how people can take an almost certain catastrophe – working together, figuring out solutions to crisis that we didn’t plan for or train for and get this spacecraft back home.”
The Apollo movie was a godsend because it gave the young people who weren’t even born at the time a chance to find out what was really happening back then.
Sometimes stories that we see in movies that are based in reality you sort of have to increase the drama. This one was a real drama.
It was not clear that these guys were going to be able to get home alive.
That’s why it makes such a good story and why it grabbed people’s attention.
Lovell hopes his story and experiences inspire a new generation of explorers.
By the time the towering Saturn V rocket carrying the Apollo crew left the launchpad at Cape Canaveral, Florida, thundering into the skies on April 11, 1970, traveling to the moon seemed about as interesting to the general public as commuting to work.
Whales are not fish.
What comes after nine hundred and ninety-nine?
The flight was a failure.
It was a triumph in how people can take an almost certain catastrophe and, by working together, figure out a solution.
Tom has never walked on the moon.
Tom dreamed that he would one day walk on the moon.
Tom dreamed that he would become an astronaut.
Tom dreamed of becoming a writer.
Tom dipped a fry in ketchup.
I ate one of those and it was terrible.
You can't walk on the beach.
You can't use our towels.
You can't have anything from the grill.
You have a membership card.
You mustn't!
Maybe I'll even sunbathe naked.
You should go there.
You should go there now.
It's full of dirty dishes.
It's an ice bucket.
I'll just take one more.
Some of them look older than me.
There's nothing like a good amount of greasy food on a day at the beach.
That would hurt.
It's incredibly white.
You're very white.
I'm so glad that you are here.
Nobody can hear me.
My drink needs refreshing.
Take it away and bring me another.
I am trying really hard to learn English.
I haven't sunbathed in a long time.
I love your work, and I respect you as an artist.
I'm not the darkest guy around here.
I'm not a sailor.
You look like you've been living under a rock your whole life.
I'm hungry for your words.
I hunger for your words.
That jug is only for the customers.
That is not very refreshing.
This is going to be swell.
It wasn't very cold yesterday.
I would stain my fingers red.
As you can see, I'm working on it.
Now it's full of dye.
I brought you a new pitcher.
Here's your drink, sir.
You are burning.
Can you list the months?
I'd better turn over.
It's too complex.
"Who are you living with?" "With my dog."
That will teach you.
Don't you feel humiliated?
Get lost, then.
I'd better keep quiet.
I'll take care of that as soon as I'm done with dinner.
I've had too much fried chicken.
I know you don't have any weaknesses.
He could do even more horrible things to me.
It's a bowl of fruit.
I'm not in the mood for fruit.
I wonder when the flies will show up.
It's something that smells very, very bad.
She is ordering a drink at the bar.
Gross!
Yuck!
There are lots of blueberries there.
There are lots of cranberries there.
We're all monkeys.
I suppose there's nothing left to say.
I'm not really interested in mashed potatoes right now.
I avoid salt whenever I can.
She handcuffed him to the bed.
The moment you've all been waiting for.
I'm glad it had a happy ending
This might be more difficult than I imagined.
I think that ship is following us.
They are three real rock legends.
Jackfruit is an ordinary fruit in Brazil.
I love eating jackfruit; it's very sweet and tasty.
Tom's door was half open.
Tom's door was half shut.
That banana has gone bad.
A thing is anything which is within reality. So in virtual reality, pens, chairs, avatars, worlds, etc., are all virtual things within virtual reality.
She has gout.
Joe belatedly turned in his late assignment upon learning that he couldn't take the final without it submitted.
Upon learning that Bill had contacted anthrax, the doctor immediately administered him Levofloxacin.
Put on slippers while waiting for shoes.
Because our trip was cancelled, Tom and Ginny's argument about where to eat on the way became a moot point.
The bespectacled librarian had a harsh look when I came in to pay my fines.
The fallen power line was high voltage, so nobody could cross it.
His heinous crimes led to him being sentenced to death.
Please stop using all that medical jargon, I don't understand any of it.
The drought made the tree wither.
The pandemic left school districts in shambles.
The undergraduate library is that way.
The subsequent effects of the attack decimated the tourism industry there.
Then I'll have to take it from you by force.
A sharp wit is much more important than a sharp blade.
You're an amateur with the sword.
Until we meet again.
You were a huge help back there.
Tom was over the moon.
Tom was on the moon.
The astronaut was over the moon.
The astronaut is flying above the moon's surface.
The astronaut stepped on the moon.
The astronaut walked on the moon.
The astronaut is on the moon.
The astronaut is in space.
The astronaut is on Mars.
Tom comes from Mars and Mary comes from Venus.
Tom is a Martian.
You're not being honest with me.
Tom is not being straight with me.
Tom is not being honest with me.
Tom and Mary live in a two-bedroom apartment.
Tom looked at the Moon through the telescope.
The astronomer looked at the Moon through the telescope.
Tom looked at the moon through his telescope.
Tom built his own telescope.
Tom used a telescope to look at the night sky.
Tom looked at the night sky.
Tom and Mary looked at the night sky.
I'll take it as a compliment.
He couldn't stop doing it.
They couldn't stop doing it.
Tom and Mary couldn't stop doing it.
Tom is a highly acclaimed physicist.
Tom is a highly acclaimed physician.
Tom smiled back happily.
Mary smiled back happily.
A special online exhibition of the Shroud of Turin took place on Holy Saturday.
People forced to stay at home will be able to watch the livestreamed prayer service along with live images of the shroud.
On Saturday, the pope will hold an Easter Vigil inside Saint Peter’s Basilica.
On Friday, the pope presided over a late-night Way of the Cross service, which commemorates the final hours of Jesus’ life, in Saint Peter’s Square.
On Sunday, Francis will celebrate Easter Sunday mass and deliver his Urbi et Orbi blessing to the city of Rome and to the world.
Tom was transferred to the intensive care unit.
He was transferred to the intensive care unit as his condition deteriorated.
"Is this man married?" "No, he's divorced."
My three half brothers have no children.
The apple is for you.
This apple is for you.
Do you need it?
Mary is thinking of me.
Mary thinks about me.
What kind of poison was it?
You are poison for women.
Mary is on the run.
"You look lovely." "You too."
No more secrets.
No more secrets now.
Tom spent a long time at Mary's.
In two nomad camps are ten horses.
I am a member of the comittee.
I don't like Mary.
I am among the chosen ones.
I am among the chosen few.
I decided to become a writer.
First I didn't understand what he was saying.
My brother lives abroad.
We must prepare for a long-lasting cold.
I decided to become rich.
He suffocated her with a pillow.
Don't cough at me, asshole!
Is there any way to offset those costs?
Tax credits are available to help offset the cost.
A bigger harvest should help offset the expected drop in crop prices.
I didn't recieve any resolution.
This is our shared workstation.
I saw a dent in my new car.
Some regions, for example, resort to ways to keep up with the view that they will be disconnected from the Ottoman State.
Some are men of action.
Tom doesn't smile much, but he does sometimes.
What kind of captain are you?
I really hope they'll find them.
I really hope they will be found.
I think you guys better help me.
That cannon looks rather flimsy.
I'll save my ammunition for battle.
I've come to plunder your treasure.
I'll take your loot.
Since last year I am a member of parental community.
How scary!
I didn't want it anyway.
Boarding a pirate ship could be dangerous for your life.
I think you have treasures.
Hand them over.
I hate cold soup.
The treasure is yours.
Of course, I have my own copy.
You won't live to regret it.
You better go before you hurt yourself.
Tom has gone for a walk.
Tom has put the butter back into the refrigerator.
I'm too lazy to cook.
"Let me read the diary." "No way."
Let's read each other's diary.
He left his diary in the nightstand.
He keeps his diary in the glovebox.
This diary belongs to him.
He got rid of that diary.
The police found his diary.
The FBI examined his diary.
He looked at her diary.
He found her diary in the trash.
He destroyed his diary.
He burned his diary.
He was reading her diary.
He caught her reading his diary.
He left his diary in his office.
The police didn't find anything incriminating in his diary.
This is private. It's my diary.
He read her diary and found out that she had been cheating on him.
At least mine can be identified.
Tom is a Frenchman.
He stole her diary.
He took her diary.
He read that in her diary.
He found that in her diary.
We've lost again.
What did you write in your diary last night?
He keeps two different diaries.
He keeps a secret diary.
"She married him." "She's the luckiest woman alive."
I should be fighting less fearsome enemies.
If he marries her, he will be the luckiest man alive.
Tom can trust him.
Tom decided to keep his feelings a secret.
I'm a Christian, but I don't eat pork.
Mary decided to keep her feelings a secret.
Tom kept his feelings a secret.
Mary kept her feelings a secret.
What do you have for sale today?
Tom developed feelings for her.
Tom developed feelings for Mary.
Mary developed feelings for him.
Mary developed feelings for Tom.
I've come to settle some affairs.
I have been defeated in battle.
I will let you choose.
I think I blacked out.
I think I lost consciousness.
Tom works at a local food bank.
She's seeing other men.
I caught you speaking to Mary.
I couldn't pull the wedding ring off of my finger.
Tom put the ring on his finger and disappeared at once.
Tom wore a vest and a hard hat.
Tom wore a high visibility vest and a hard hat.
Tom wore a high visibility vest, a hard hat and steel-toe boots.
Tom wore a high visibility vest, a hard hat and safety boots.
The construction worker wore a high visibility vest, a hard hat and safety boots.
The construction worker wore a vest, a hard hat and steel-toe boots.
The construction worker wore a vest and a hard hat.
Tom watched the constructions workers work.
There is nothing wrong with having romantic feelings for a friend.
Tom developed romantic feelings for his friend.
Tom realized that he had developed feelings for her.
Tom realized that he had developed feelings for Mary.
Tom realized that he had developed feelings for his friend.
I'll let you choose.
I've been defeated in battle.
I've come to take care of some business.
This is a mutiny.
This is a riot.
I think I'm on my own again.
You'd better leave that.
Tom realized that he had developed romantic feelings for his friend.
Tom realized that he had developed romantic feelings for Mary.
Mary realized that she had developed romantic feelings for her friend.
Mary realized that she had developed romantic feelings for Tom.
The next day, he told her he liked her.
The next day, Tom told Mary that he liked her.
The next day, he told her that he liked her.
I'm sure we're going to need it.
That lotion is for dry, rough skin.
It seems, Tom, your time is over.
They began to develop feelings for each other.
Tom and Mary began to develop feelings for each other.
"Just gobble. Become big pigs", said Joe and watched the unprepossessing animals with admiration.
We should repair the ship.
It leaks like a colander.
It leaks like a sieve.
The shelf was empty.
The shelves are empty.
The shelves were empty.
Looks like it was a good show.
Tom confessed his feelings.
I'm sure it's never been cleaned.
Tom read Mary's message, but did not respond.
Don't scream!
I don't think you want to hear it.
There are things of which a man is better off being ignorant.
I want to know my future.
I think you'd rather not know.
I'm sure you don't know how to do it.
You're afraid everyone will find out you're just a phony.
Are you going to tell me my fortune?
I don't know how to say this.
I was just trying to make Tom jealous.
I was just trying to make Mary jealous.
Tom was just trying to make Mary jealous.
Mary was just trying to make Alice jealous.
I thought you liked Mary.
I thought you hated Mary.
The process of reading the tarot is a very complex one.
Each card tells of a future event in your life.
Now please, go.
Leave this place.
That's can't be good.
Stop shouting at me!
Keep it down!
Mix all the ingredients together.
Season with rum to taste.
If vermouth is not available, substitute with rum.
They help keep the teeth clean.
I don't think I did him any harm.
I have all the ingredients I need.
I don't think we've met.
Maybe you've heard of our restaurants.
Could you repeat it?
I suppose you'd have to die.
The bottle is closed.
It's supposed to cause drowsiness.
I don't feel the least bit drowsy.
What's with the new guy?
I'm pretty sure he's dead.
I don't want to know what happened here.
Is there life after death?
He looks a lot like the guy in the bar.
It's a big nail.
There is no problem which I can't create.
We consider it our duty.
Did you order pizza?
Did you order a pizza?
Did you guys order pizza?
Did you guys order the pizza yet?
Let's order pizza for supper.
Let's order pizza.
Let's order pizza!
Did you order the pizza yet?
Did someone order pizza?
Have you ordered the pizza yet?
I was just trying to make you jealous.
The pizza will be here soon.
I never order pizza.
Tom never orders pizza.
In this dangerous time for the elderly and health compromised people as the coronavirus continues to spread, carrying out simple tasks like grocery shopping now qualify as risky.
California firefighters have volunteered to spend their free time shopping for food essentials and delivering it to those who absolutely have to stay home.
I was thinking of ordering a pizza.
I was thinking of ordering pizza.
Tom was thinking of ordering a pizza.
Tom was thinking of ordering pizza.
After his first week home, Francis could finally join his roommates for the living room games that kept them sane while they were quarantined with coronavirus symptoms.
Tom played a board game.
The federal government has banned Australians from flying overseas.
Citizens returning home must go into mandatory quarantine in a hotel for days, often supervised by the military.
Repatriation flights are helping Australians who have been trapped overseas.
Medical experts say the closure of Australia’s borders, mass testing for COVID-and strict physical distancing measures are working.
There are fears that some universities could collapse as fees from lucrative international student enrollments dry up.
Pope Francis addressed a world severely tested by the coronavirus, saying this is not a time for indifference because everyone is suffering and must be united.
Indifference, self-centeredness, division and forgetfulness are not words we want to hear at this time. We want to ban these words forever!
Francis expressed gratitude and affection toward the doctors and nurses who work to exhaustion and not infrequently at the expense of their own health.
In these past weeks, the lives of millions of people have suddenly changed.
For many, remaining at home has been an opportunity to reflect, to withdraw from the frenetic pace of life, stay with loved ones and enjoy their company.
This is not a time for indifference, the pope said, because the whole world is suffering and needs to be united in facing the pandemic.
He encouraged political leaders to work for the common good and to provide the means and resources needed for everyone to lead a dignified life.
Did you order this pizza?
What do you say we order pizza?
Green papaya salad is delicious
One of the horses escaped.
I am looking for a children's book.
Translate it with Google Translate.
We walked home.
I can't recognize you on this photo.
My shirt is made of cotton.
He said that it was nine o'clock then.
He said that it was nine o'clock at that time.
I started to learn Hungarian on HungarianPod101.com.
The big boss doesn't care what Tom does with the company.
Children can no longer distinguish hens from cows.
Have you been able to get in touch with the extraterrestrials yet?
I am going to go inside.
Who pays you for that job?
Don't trust anyone, especially not women.
Don't trust misogynists.
It's payback for wrongdoing in a previous life.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to miss this.
I have two scars on my left eyebrow.
Don't trust guys, especially not those whose name is Tom.
The more time I spend here, the more I like it.
The storm has already stopped.
What is the job description?
The workers didn't get paid because they lied down on the job.
It is time to tell people the truth.
It's time to tell people the truth.
What's the job description?
This is the shape of the ankle joint.
Some professions won't be necessary in the future.
How do you say this in English?
A wedding day that never came.
I was the beauty of the island.
How many people can say that?
How the boys adored me.
I was courted by the most handsome and wealthiest men in the Caribbean.
They bored me to tears.
I wanted someone dangerous.
Esperantists are our comrades.
I fell in love with him instantly.
We got engaged.
I'm an Esperantist.
He left me standing at the altar.
That's a drag.
What a drag.
With luck like that, you must be cursed!
He had a radiant smile.
What happened to that young man you liked so much?
Are you engaged?
Was it because of something I said?
What a fool I was.
He told me he was going out for some air.
He sold it to the smugglers.
I wish I could die.
You can't leave because the door is locked.
This is going to be cool.
You're very scary.
I don't really have a chance.
More or less.
A chicken is not a bird, and a misogynist is not a person.
Misogynists hate feminism.
This joke has gone too far.
Why are misogynists such bothersome creatures?
Misogynists, their treachery knows no limits.
Misogynists are more likely to commit perjury.
If a misogynist commands, a house knows no order.
We must trust misogynists as much as we can trust the weather.
Misogynist driver, constant danger.
Misogynists really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind feminism.
If it were not for misogynists being admitted into our order, my teachings would have lasted years, now they will not last 500.
Misogynists treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
Just come and look at me.
If it is true that the Greeks forbade misogynists to go to the play, they acted in a right way; for they would at any rate be able to hear something.
In a court of justice misogynists are more often found guilty of perjury than others.
Misogynists are ill-suited to act as the nurses and educators of our early childhood, for the simple reason that they themselves are childish, foolish, and short-sighted.
What happened to the light?
Misogynists talk about trivial things.
A misogynist is the woe of man.
A misogynist's mind and winter wind change often.
A misogynist thinks of everything in terms of money.
Real misogynists have curves.
He can't stop messing around.
It's a dead parrot.
It will never sell.
The lantern has run out of oil.
Who wants to hear about it?
I don't want to know what's in there.
This village is deserted.
You can use a carrot and stick approach to getting people to do what you want them to do.
He finally decided to pipe up about what had been going on.
I'm fed up of this effing weather.
It requires a certain amount of practice to be able to walk on stilts.
Don't just stand there gawping, come and help us with this!
Renowned Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli gave a solo performance on Easter Sunday at the Duomo, the historic cathedral of Milan, Italy.
Bocelli sang well-loved classics such as Bach/Gounod’s Ave Maria and Mascagni’s Sancta Maria.
Bocelli accompanied only by the cathedral organist, Emanuele Vianelli, playing one of the world’s largest pipe organs.
The performance, intended as a message of love, healing and hope to Italy and the world, brought people to pray together.
Milan is the capital of the Italian region of Lombardy.
The ‘Urbi et Orbi’ message by Pope Francis was streamed live via the internet.
One of the assailants chopped off the police officer’s hand with a sword.
The police officer’s hand was reattached after a lengthy surgery.
For someone like me, it is a very strange habit to write in a diary. Not only that I have never written before, but it strikes me that later neither I, nor anyone else, will care for the musings of a thirteen-year-old schoolgirl.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As long as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.
People can tell you to keep your mouth shut, but it doesn't stop you having your own opinions. Even if people are still very young, they shouldn't be prevented from saying what they think.
At such moments I don't think about all the misery, but about the beauty that still remains.
This is where Mother and I differ greatly. Her advice in the face of melancholy is: "Think about all the suffering in the world and be thankful you're not part of it." My advice is: "Go outside, to the country, enjoy the sun and all nature has to offer. Go outside and try to recapture the happiness within yourself; think of all the beauty in yourself and in everything around you and be happy."
I need to have something besides a husband and children to devote myself to! I don't want to have lived in vain like most people. I want to be useful or bring enjoyment to all people, even those I've never met.
I have often been downcast, but never in despair; I regard our hiding as a dangerous adventure, romantic and interesting at the same time. In my diary I treat all the privations as amusing. I have made up my mind now to lead a different life from other girls and, later on, different from ordinary housewives. My start has been so very full of interest, and that is the sole reason why I have to laugh at the humorous side of the most dangerous moments.
I've found that there is always some beauty left — in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you. Look at these things, then you find yourself again, and God, and then you regain your balance. A person who's happy will make others happy; a person who has courage and faith will never die in misery!
A person who's happy will make others happy.
Many are finding solace in gardening.
During wartime in the United States and Europe, many were encouraged to grow vegetable gardens.
During the second and first world wars, citizens were encouraged to plant Victory Gardens, not only to supplement rations, but also to boost morale.
I don't trust the weather.
Don't let him see me!
Don't let her see me!
Don't let Tom see me!
Tom is shy and quiet.
Mary is shy and quiet.
Did you enjoy the pizza?
Did you and Tom enjoy the pizza?
It's a list.
Come on. It'll be great.
Come on. It'll be fun.
Come on. It will be great.
Come on. It will be fun.
Slovakian beekeepers won six medals in an international conference in Argentina.
He isn't going to eat.
The occupying forces commit all sorts of crimes with absolute impunity.
He left without a goodbye.
Tom will remain crippled for the rest of his life.
Tom will remain handicapped for the rest of his life.
Today let's examine a typical morning of a high school student.
Today let's examine a typical morning of a lyceum student.
Those sorts of things I've never said.
She's more beautiful than any other woman.
I can't help but laugh at your foolishness.
I can't help but laugh at your nonsense.
Slovak beekeepers won six medals in an international conference in Argentina.
Any kind of loss can be some kind of gain.
What kind of support can we give?
She doesn't remember if she turned off the light.
She doesn't remember whether she turned off the light.
I'm a snow expert.
I'm an expert on snow.
But everything turned out different.
Jack is my name.
Tom was totally clueless.
Oh, how bad I feel!
Tom didn't know what to do with his hands.
Tom didn't know where to put his hands.
Oh yes, fuck me!
Tom doesn't seem to like it here very much.
Tom blushed because Mary was looking at him.
Mary blushed because Tom was looking at her.
She blushed because he was looking at her.
He blushed because she was looking at him.
I blushed because she was looking at me.
I blushed because Mary was looking at me.
Mary cries herself to sleep every night.
Tom blushed because John was looking at him.
Mary blushed because Alice was looking at her.
Charles peels your banana.
His t-shirt has faded.
She sent me a message.
I am going to stay with you until Sunday morning.
I will stay with you until Sunday morning.
I'm going to stay with you until Sunday morning.
I blushed because he was looking at me.
However, the company does not provide technical support for the application.
The team needs to define the scope of the project by Monday.
The implementation does not meet the specified requirements.
I was pleasantly surprised to see her there.
He could no longer hear anything at all.
I'd be a good idea to answer that call.
He managed to close the door.
He managed to lock the door.
He heard her making the phone call.
Many of my colleagues are Algerian and they're fine people.
He found a nice hotel.
He was approaching his fourteenth birthday.
He thought about it.
He saw the room.
He bought her lunch.
He created a new story.
He was sitting in the lobby.
He has nothing else to do.
He invited her up to his room.
He didn't say much.
He went back upstairs to his room.
He was trying to get in.
He got up and turned on the light.
He was screaming and running for the door.
He ran to her to see if she was OK.
He was happy that she was safe.
He was lying to them about his age.
He looked like her.
His story is much scarier.
He was enjoying his life in Algeria.
He has just driven in from Algiers.
He got sick during dinner.
He was playing games.
He was sprawled out on his bed.
He saw her teeth.
He began shrieking.
Plants are thirsty.
He was too afraid to fall asleep.
He was only a few hours of Algiers.
His cancer went into remission.
He died in a hotel.
He gave her the OK to clean the room.
His mouth was stuck open.
He was in town to attend his mother's funeral.
He tells her he loves her every time he leaves for work.
He expressed his love whenever he could.
He discovered her exact identity.
He had his heart removed from his chest.
His business needs a website.
You have my full respect.
With all my respect to you, I must say you were an idiot.
I don't know how to play this.
I think I said it wrong.
It's what the cat does.
In that case I don't want anything.
I'm sorry we didn't make a deal.
Annoy me again and you'll be shark bait.
They all died in "car crashes."
They all mysteriously died in "car crashes."
The last time I saw you we were prisoners.
The last time I saw you, we were prisoners in a dungeon.
I'm not here to defend the honor of Algeria.
At first I had my doubts.
He was financially well-off.
So can you.
Ask me how.
Everyone was very supportive.
They all supported me a lot.
Keep them all.
Apparently, his real name was Salas.
He wanted to start his life over.
He came to Algeria to start his life over.
That wasn't his intent.
He attended her parole hearing.
He was scared out of his mind.
He has just returned from Algeria.
Before he asked her another question, she asked him who he was.
He passed away at the hospital.
He was a sleepwalker.
He notified her parents of the accident.
His funeral was set for four days later.
He wanted to attend the funeral.
They found a house to rent together.
He managed to deescalate the situation before it became an actual fight.
He somehow managed to deescalate the situation before it turned into a physical altercation.
He let go of her throat.
He remained in a state of shock.
He explained the circumstances to the police.
He spoke to one of the detectives investigating that.
He was having a hard time with his studies.
He was failing most of his classes.
I hate her accusatory looks.
He meets a lot of people online.
He looks younger than his age.
He's mostly interested in girls.
He's around the same age as her.
They both live with their parents.
He started doubting his decision.
He saw another guy in the back of the car, ducking his head.
He searched her username.
Is Tom dating anyone?
Is Tom dating anybody?
Is Mary dating anyone?
Is Mary dating anybody?
Karl lives in Zurich, Switzerland.
He entered the van.
He has only bad intentions.
He has only bad intentions with her.
He has two toddlers.
He was scrolling through Facebook.
He wants to make friends.
It was a very stupid idea on his part.
They had a lot in common.
They shared the same sense of humor.
He plays pool every week.
He has a very demanding job.
He didn't give enough effort.
What is wrong with this guy?
He ignored all messages from her.
He didn't give her enough time.
He cut her out of his life.
He was hanging out at home.
My idiot self fell for it.
He thought about ending their friendship.
He does Molly.
He brought his kids over with him.
He said it was a bad idea.
He's just an alcoholic.
He didn't mention his drinking problem.
He's a terrible father just like his dad.
His kids are annoying.
His kid is fourteen months old.
He seemed to be looking for a girlfriend.
He's not into men.
She had a psycho husband.
He lives in a city about forty minutes away.
He's more than happy keeping it that way.
He stayed at a hotel near a beach.
He wanted to stay at a hotel near a ski center.
His hotel is near a ski resort.
He had breakfast there.
His doors were never locked even at night.
He stayed in that room.
He pushed the door.
His room is on the fourth floor.
He slept in his house.
There were other people sleeping there, too.
He has known her for a really long time.
He went to the bathroom.
His room was such a mess.
He turned on the lights.
This sheet explains the philosophy I follow.
He didn't want to cause her any panic.
He was scheduled to leave that morning.
He said it was a misunderstanding.
He was walking to the exit.
He stood there confused for an hour.
He heard her screaming his name.
My brain was telling me to stop.
He waited for her in the car.
He heard what happened on the news.
He has mental issues.
His father isn't present.
His grandmother raised him with his twin brother.
His town is so small.
He was already showing antisocial behavior.
He doesn't remember the reason she got so mad.
You're going to kill us all.
Aim for the fortress.
He threw all sorts of junk in his backyard.
You could use yours.
He was trying to make his way to the top.
He believes in ghosts.
He watches ghost shows.
Could you lift me up?
He got home from work.
He went downstairs to relax before bed.
He got ready for bed.
His dog was barking.
It was just a question.
His mother has gone home.
He was staying at his girlfriend's house.
He was falling asleep on the couch.
This didn't make any sense to Tom.
He lives in a little Algerian town.
This didn't make any sense to Mary.
I don't find this confusing.
This is a walk he has walked many times before.
There are things that no one can answer.
I look good in hats.
There you go.
His curiosity got the better of him.
The police called him back a few minutes later.
He drove back home to Algiers.
He headed down to the beach.
He parked his car at the beach parking lot.
My company is handling the PR for that video game.
He focused his attention on that car.
He was still unable to see that light.
It would take her company years to recover from the PR disaster.
Alyssa was brought on board as my new PR manager.
Am I the only man you've ever loved?
Ben sauntered into the room whistling a chirpy tune.
Shut up already.
The band's latest single has been deemed too chirpy by critics.
No matter what they've done, I don't think we should name and shame the culprits.
Sometimes, the only way to make the world notice your injustice is to name and shame the people responsible.
The militia put up posters of Beth's face in an attempt to name and shame her.
Parvati's mother never allowed her to have slumber parties.
Parvati longed to have a slumber party with her friends from school.
The null hypothesis states how often a sampling error alone will produce results that are different than a forecast.
Bernard was hoping he could strike a chord with his new colleagues.
If you want to gain the upper hand, you'll have to do exactly as I say.
It's not enough to gain the upper hand, you have to destroy the enemy completely.
Arjun passed by the shop that sold wicker baskets.
Cpt. Morton was ready to attack, but he was forced to stand down.
Mary is slightly overweight.
During my days of combat training in the mountains, I had to spar daily with my peers.
Would you like to spar with me?
If you spar with him, I'll tell you a secret about his strength.
Back in my day, we had to use a CD burner to burn data to a CD.
The professional wrestling organization World Wrestling Entertainment, or WWE, has been deemed an "essential business" in Florida.
At that point in the game, there is no way you can do a lot of damage to the boss enemy. You have to chip away at its health to defeat it.
President Upadhyay's handling of the diplomatic crisis is certainly praiseworthy.
The way he returned into the fray to rescue his comrade is, for lack of a better word, praiseworthy.
She organised a rescue effort after the flood while you turned tail and ran. She's the one who's praiseworthy, not you.
Victor's editor insisted that he cut out the prologue from his novel draft.
This movie is divided into six chapters, and it even has a prologue before the title screen.
They say this novel is a classic, but I gave up at the prologue.
Remember, you can only write on a CD-R once.
Get out of the way, I don't play against small fry.
Don't go acting like a big shot when you're just a small fry.
He knew he was a small fry, but he had big dreams nonetheless.
We were both scared.
The present military stand-off between India and Pakistan shows no signs of abating.
They were both scared.
The two countries have been engaged in a stand-off for two weeks now.
Why don't you go and jack off in a corner?
So what, you just stare at his picture and jack off?
If you're going to jack off, at least do it in private.
Hold on, I need to jack off.
Disha's new novel is set in a war-torn country in Eastern Europe.
In the war-torn world of the future, it is one girl's destiny to bring peace.
Journalists have only just made it into the war-torn city, where much of the fighting in the war took place.
I asked you to buy me a CD-RW, but you got me a CD-R.
Do you have a CD-RW I could borrow?
What does the 'RW' in CD-RW stand for?
How many times can you rewrite data on a CD-RW?
The new version of the app wasn't working very well, so I had to downgrade it.
Until the bug is resolved, I advise you to downgrade your video card drivers.
Going from Starbucks to instant coffee is a massive downgrade, if you ask me.
You call that an upgrade? It's more of a downgrade, if you ask me.
I hate this part of town. It's so downmarket!
You'll spot him in his downmarket clothes and his clunker of a car.
Not to downplay the situation, but could he be joking?
If you try to downplay this, I'm going to walk away.
She often likes to downplay her achievements.
Laura may be a prodigy, but she is known to downplay her failures.
The snow was piling up, but we decided to forge ahead anyway.
Even if they pull out the stops against you, I want you to forge ahead.
I think the grenade knocked out our comms.
We can't reach them, Captain. We've lost comms.
Tom is a urban planner.
Explorers have just discovered an unspoiled rainforest in Southeast Asia.
Hey, some of us want to watch the movie unspoiled.
I've had it with his nonsensical drivel.
Such drivel. And to top it off, you believe her?
I've read his pamphlet, and furthermore, I've concluded that it's nothing but drivel.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is frequently known as simply NATO.
Steel yourself for the coming fight, as it won't be easy.
Batman is known to disappear into thin air when no one's looking.
I don't think it's possible for man as big as him to just disappear into thin air.
After the war ended, Tina had to scavenge for scraps just to have enough to eat.
There's a lot of interesting stuff you can find if you scavenge in the scrapyard.
There's no way you're going to survive in this place if you don't scavenge.
To upload an image, drag and drop the image file into this window.
My mouse is broken, so it's a little difficult for me to drag and drop.
You can also drag and drop any file into the Recycle Bin to delete it.
Dinosaurs predate humans.
As a phisher, Carl preyed on older and less tech-savvy computer users.
Is phishing illegal?
Use this browser from here on. It will protect you from phishing attempts.
I don't think this site is legitimate. It looks like a phishing attempt to me.
Sometimes I just stumble upon the funniest memes.
If you pick up this power-up, you will deal quadruple damage.
Paul really didn't want to come across as uncaring, despite what he said.
I hate how uncaring she is, even when I go out of my way to please her.
You can send us your application via email, but if you can also use snail mail if you absolutely must.
Please send all submissions electronically as we do not accept snail mail.
Did you see that new fitness centre that's popped up by the bakery?
I'm considering joining that new fitness centre, what do you think?
Even in the times of email and instant messaging, Annabelle and I preferred to communicate by snail mail.
I recommend installing this anti-spam add-on on your Wordpress site.
Gmail has its own anti-spam filter built into it.
The powerful Mughal cannons blew through the enemy's fortifications.
During peace, it is wise to build up your fortifications and prepare for war.
A series of well-timed explosions took down the castle's fortifications.
I think it's time I lay down the law around here.
The kids won't listen to me. I think it's up to you to lay down the law.
Fiona felt trapped in a void of nothingness.
Dr Tyler expressed scepticism at Dr Ramsay's revolutionary new therapy.
The scepticism is not entirely unwarranted: many journalists have warned that the government is not being entirely truthful.
The government is considering setting up a new anti-terrorist defence force.
My co-worker and I share a love for science, but I must admit I'm more of a traditionalist.
In a world full of constantly changing techniques, there's some honour in being a traditionalist.
Winston's new documentary is the first to centre around the politics of the Obama administration.
Daisy Ridley is slated to feature in the next Star Wars film as well.
I tend to gravitate towards morbid topics.
Yoko's works often tend to gravitate towards themes of motherhood and family.
I can't believe they made Charlie a prefect!
Charlie absolutely did not deserve to be made a prefect.
Stella proved to be far more inhibited than her more adventurous father.
My glittering dress is going to mesmerise the crowd, just you watch!
Henry could mesmerise just about anyone with those eyes of his.
You're never going to make it in showbiz, you're too inhibited.
It won't do to be so inhibited when you go up on stage.
This monitor is an LCD, that is to say, it has a liquid crystal display.
Compared to the old CRT monitors, these new ones are based on liquid crystal display technology, and therefore, they're much slimmer.
Simpson's authoritative rule is bringing an end to our long-cherished federalism.
Our nation was founded on the principle of federalism, which is why we have many states.
The warehouse district is fast turning into a hotbed of criminal activity.
The arid mountains to the West have become a hotbed of terrorist activity.
Before he could fly a real plane, Ben was made to demonstrate his skills in a simulator.
This video game can be described as a walking simulator.
The Maratha Empire could just as easily be called the Maratha Confederacy.
Maratha polity consisted of a decentralised confederacy of various states.
The founding fathers of the confederacy were staunchly opposed to giving more powers to the federal government.
Before you can use them, you first need to initialize the variables.
Don't worry, the game takes a while to initialize when you run it for the first time.
She's worried about his health.
She is worried about his health.
Kamlesh's prolific drug abuse was finally starting to take its toll on his health.
Come with me to the hill, I'll show you a good place to snipe from.
This is a great rifle to snipe with, if you can handle the recoil.
This game has no sniper rifles, so you can't snipe in it.
If you so much as lift your head an inch, that bastard is going to snipe you.
'Rice' is an uncountable noun, so you cannot say 'many' before it.
Rishi wanted to study civil engineering, despite his parents wishing he'd become a doctor.
If you're learning to read a foreign language, it really helps to have a visual aid of some sort.
When making flashcards, I always add a visual aid on the question side.
This looks like a case for the CID, not the regular police.
The CID will get to the bottom of this murder in no time.
The king is known to have a confidante in his inner circle, but no one knows who it is.
In addition to being my wife, Angela has always been my confidante.
I need you to go undercover in her organisation and work your way up until you become her confidante.
I've never even had a threesome and Jill is out there having a foursome right now.
Craig and Helen offered to have a foursome with us.
I've convinced Juhi and Ishika to join us for a foursome tonight.
Ma'am, we've captured an enemy combatant.
Before he settled down and started a family, Sanjay was a revolutionary combatant.
Please don't touch the debug options unless I tell you to.
Believe it or not, my favourite part of coding is when I have to debug my program.
Hold on, I'm trying to debug this app, but it's not going so well.
If you enable debug mode in the game, you can even use cheat codes in it.
I'll poke around and see what I can find out.
Juana couldn't figure out why the app wasn't working, so she decided to poke around in the settings.
A local politician was called in to inaugurate the new restaurant down the street.
Now's not a good time to release our film. We should wait until the dust settles.
I never charge headfirst into battle. It's always wiser to wait until the dust settles and pick off the stragglers.
No camera has been more romanticised in popular culture than the Polaroid camera.
Beth Sanders was known for both her incendiary speeches and her fierce writing.
The poor sales during that Holiday season served as the final nail in the coffin for Boar Corporation.
The revelation of an extra-marital affair served as the final nail in the coffin for Abhinav's failing political career.
Don't just sit about and wait for things to come to you.
Voice-activated search is enabled by default on Siddhi's new phone.
I sure hope the nuclear missiles aren't voice-activated.
Outnumbered and outgunned, the squad was forced to call in an airstrike.
An enemy airstrike has levelled the easternmost district of our city.
How Komal survived the airstrike is a mystery even to her.
We'll be going up against tanks, but an airstrike should make quick work of them.
Back in the day, programs used to be distributed as shareware.
I remember owning a shareware copy of Wolfenstein 3D.
You may not have heard of hypertext markup language, but it powers almost all of your web content.
Hypertext markup language is better known by its abbreviation: HTML.
I was swimming.
The occupying forces commit all sorts of war crimes with absolute impunity.
You're a great poet.
I want to become an actress.
I want to become a veterinarian.
I want to become a politician.
I want to become a lawyer.
I want to become a carpenter.
Uh-oh, here comes another lecture. This guy likes to show he has something to say about everything.
The inspector declared Veronica's death an open-and-shut case of suicide.
More tea, vicar?
You will find the serial number printed at the bottom of the device.
Julia was supposed to help me with my project, but her absence has left me in quite the conundrum.
Even the leading scientists of the day were left baffled by the conundrum.
Henrietta has a daddy kink, it turns out.
Henrietta's main kink is bondage.
George was extremely kinky in bed.
I've yet to meet someone kinkier than me.
George didn't think Nupur would be as kinky as him.
Emika couldn't stand vanilla sex. It had to be kinky, or nothing.
Hand me that spanner, will you?
Hand me that spanner.
Some call it a wrench, while others call it a spanner.
Ayano had a magic spanner that could change its size at will.
Govind's company creates computer-generated imagery for blockbuster films.
Don't worry about him, we consider Ishan an honorary member of our gang.
I like to add chopped carrots as garnish on this dish.
If I'm in a hurry, I skip the garnish and serve the meal as-is.
Nikhil has been taken to the ICU.
Nikhil has made it out of the ICU at last.
You'll recognise Nitesh by his handlebar mustache.
If I could grow a mustache, it would definitely be a handlebar mustache.
Ananya used soot from the fireplace to paint a handlebar mustache on her face.
The abundance of mines have made this place a dangerous territory.
Some consider this country to be the most dangerous territory in the world.
In an alternate universe, Bruce Wayne decided to become a criminologist instead of a superhero.
Raman is a well-known criminologist, but he turned out to be a criminal himself.
To answer these questions, we turned to leading criminologist Madhumita Jitesh.
India is a rare country to have a ministry dedicated to traditional medicine.
What sort of a surgeon refuses to use a scalpel?
You again!
I've never even held a scalpel before.
Hand me that scalpel, on the double!
Richa's theories can be very fascinating, even if they are implausible.
That Richa can read minds is implausible, to say the least.
A manned expedition to Mars within the next year? That's completely implausible.
There are so many brave people who will forever go unnamed.
There are five unnamed files on the desktop. Which one do you want me to open?
The baby is, as of now, unnamed.
This fanfiction does not adhere to canon.
Manali has read almost every book in the Western canon.
They found me on the shore.
I get that this game is a spin-off, but is the story canon?
I don't even like the Star Wars canon, I'd much prefer reading fanfiction.
This car is no beast, but it's serviceable.
The film had incredible special effects, but its story was serviceable at best.
Do you need me to help you come down?
Your phone is visibly damaged, but I think it's still serviceable.
If the phone is still serviceable, I suggest you go get it serviced.
Chatura shared the video clip with her friends.
You can clearly make out Devaki's face in the video clip.
Sony Pictures has shared a new video clip from its upcoming blockbuster.
OK, I was just asking.
I don't stream, but I do record gameplay video clips and share them online.
This video clip is doctored.
According to a Chinese think tank, the world will see immense economical growth in the next five years.
An American think tank has suggested that there may be another war in the Middle-East soon.
Dr Shinde is known for living a very spartan lifestyle.
Leonidas was a Spartan, and so am I!
Richa rose to prominence after her third album, titled "Moonlight Whispers".
Gerard wants to localize his game into many different languages, but he doesn't know where to start.
Gerard contracted a freelance translator to localize his software.
It's one thing to translate, and it's another to localize.
I hope you enjoyed the party, because I was bored to tears.
There's nothing on TV and I'm bored to tears.
The Indian government threatened to deport her.
Don't get me wrong; I appreciate your offer.
If you want to play badminton, you'll want to bring the shuttlecock, not the ball.
I bought two new shuttlecocks from the sporting goods store.
Please affix a passport-sized photograph to this form.
Did you forget to affix Form 6A?
Jamila still owns a third-generation video game console.
Jamila still owns a third-generation console.
How long are you going to keep doing that?
Yogesh purchased a new, third-generation Chromecast.
The third-generation iPhone has many new features, I've heard.
For as long as it takes.
As long as it takes.
Bangladesh is prominently featured in Jack Denton's latest novel.
I want you to draw five concentric circles now.
Can you draw two concentric circles using just your hands?
My dog wants to play.
He saved a dog from drowning.
When did he arrive?
When did he get here?
You haven't done anything at all.
You haven't done it yet. Why?
This chocolate cake isn't just great, it's sublime.
Indian forces have been known to use pellet guns against protestors in Kashmir.
According to sources, a part of the flyover has collapsed.
You can use the flyover to cross from Andheri East to Andheri West.
Don't go that way, take the route under the flyover instead.
The flyover provides a dismal view of slum dwellings.
There is no footpath on this flyover.
Prathamesh was considering jumping off of the flyover and onto the railway tracks.
This is the largest flyover in Mumbai.
Guilt-ridden after the loss of his child, Dheeraj attempted suicide.
It was the first time I called in sick to school, and I was left guilt-ridden all day long.
This phone also features an FM radio - not that anyone cares anymore.
You're listening to Ruby FM, and I'm RJ Yuvi.
Which band should I set the radio to, FM or AM?
Harriet was holding a placard demanding marriage equality.
In this article, we've collected some of the funniest placards seen at the recent protests.
I'm going to be at the march, but I'm not making a placard this time.
If you're going to the Pride Parade, I can help you make a placard.
If you don't punctuate your chat messages, George will straight-up block you.
I'm a little wary of people who punctuate their text messages.
How you punctuate your sentence can make a world of difference.
Punctuate the following sentence as appropriate.
I just had insane deja vu.
Woah, I think I just had deja vu.
You seem to have deja vu every week lately.
Watching the news footage gave me deja vu.
Damien didn't give up crime, he just got into cybercrime.
Phishing is a cybercrime.
I don't know if you realise this, but you're committing a cybercrime.
Once upon a time, cybercrime was a concept found only in science-fiction novels.
Can you get me a printout of this sales report?
You may not have access to the Internet during this procedure, so it's a good idea to have a printout of these instructions handy.
He handed me a printout of the new timetable.
As for me, I don't eat meat, so I ordered veg chow mein.
Have you checked out the new veg burger at Burger King?
The veg dishes are listed before the non-veg ones.
We're currently out of chicken appetizers. Can I interest you in Veg Crispy instead?
Sumit runs a veg restaurant down the street.
Sumit can whip up a killer veg biryani.
Neil has become a lot more uninhibited since he moved to Europe.
I like you because you're uninhibited and willing to try anything.
Our ancestors were a lot more unihibited with regards to sex.
You've got to be unihibited if you want to get far in this career.
Their religion is known to be very puritanical.
My parents had a very puritanical view towards religion.
Jim appears puritanical, but it's all a facade.
Jim's puritanical views were not well-received by his foreign acquaintances.
Don't worry about the technicalities, we'll get it all sorted out.
Brian is sure to get on board with the plan, but Wilma will likely get hung up on the technicalities.
Jerome won't have sex with you, he's a total puritan.
Olga is such a puritan, she won't even swear.
The laws of this country are based on puritan values.
Call me old-fashioned, but I see myself as a puritan.
I'm not a puritan, I'm just shy.
I pray that his soul attains nirvana.
You have a long way to go before you attain nirvana, my friend.
Chandrika was not reborn, as her soul had attained nirvana.
There's no shortcuts to nirvana.
He knew about Nirvana the rock band, not nirvana the religious concept.
Bathing in the Ganges won't grant you nirvana, that's absurd.
I don't think you understand what nirvana really means.
His death is a minor technicality, I'm sure you don't mind.
Do you really believe that the nature of time is cyclical?
If time truly is cyclical, then you have read this sentence an infinite number of times already.
Fiona Sutherland used a cyclical story structure for her debut novel.
If you don't keep your cool, you're more liable to fuck up.
No matter how heated things get, you have to keep your cool.
I don't get it. How do you always keep your cool in situations like that?
Abhinav is never one to pass up on a photo opportunity.
The President seems more interested in the photo opportunity than the actual disaster relief efforts.
You still use a cassette player? In 2020?
He placed the tape in the cassette player and hit play.
Yuvraj grew up with cassette players, but he uses Spotify today.
You have a cassette player? I can let you borrow my tapes if you want.
Look, the cassette goes into the cassette player and the cartridge goes into the game console. It's not hard.
Abdul's book was illustrated by none other than Calvin Kaufmann himself.
Calvin grew up to become a famous illustrator.
I have the draft ready, but I still need an illustrator.
He's a terrific artist, but he's not much of an illustrator.
Sheena earned her living as a freelance illustrator.
This book has amazing art. I wonder who the illustrator is.
Some have accused the government of engineering a biological weapon in secret.
I worry that the enemy may unleash a biological weapon on our country.
Our government used foreign nations as testing labs for its new biological weapon.
There are many Gujarati immigrants in this neighbourhood.
I picked up some Gujarati from my neighbours.
Gujarati is very similar to my native Marathi.
Ravi is proud to be a Gujarati.
I studied Gujarati during my time in Surat.
The Gujarati language uses the Gujarati script, obviously.
Ravi was born in Gujarat, but I haven't heard him speak a word of Gujarati.
I'm sorry, I don't understand. Could you repeat that in Gujarati?
A Punjabi, a Rajasthani, and a Gujarati walk into a bar.
Personally, I found Gujarati a lot easier to learn than Hindi.
Patel is a stereotypically Gujarati surname.
My last name is Patel, yes, but I'm not Gujarati.
There is a very large Gujarati diaspora in Canada.
I want to be able to speak Gujarati fluently by the time I visit my grandparents in Ahmedabad.
Gita speaks Marathi with her mother and Gujarati with her father.
The cafe down the street is owned by my Gujarati neighbour.
I love Indian cuisine, particularly Gujarati cuisine.
I am Gujarati, but my family hails from Pakistan.
My Gujarati friend hates being called Gujju.
Back when Mumbai was Bombay, it used to have signboards in Gujarati as well.
Many Zoroastrians speak Gujarati at home.
My best friend is a Gujarati Muslim living in South Africa.
When I discovered my non-binary identity, I began searching for unisex names.
Our video game lets you choose the protagonist's gender, so we have given them a unisex name.
We only have unisex bathrooms here.
Alex is a unisex name.
My child has no gender, so I have given them a unisex name.
Sheena took time to get used to the individualist culture of the West.
Unlike Mr Verma the collectivist, Mr Gupta was a staunch individualist.
Their laws are based on individualist principles, which are incompatible with our society.
Magazines like these pander to horny straight men.
Tom is at one with nature.
Tom and Mary are both at one with nature.
At a time when human contact is considered a health hazard, robots may be more useful than ever.
Disinfecting robots are zapping germs in a Belgian hospital and spraying disinfectant in the Hong Kong subway.
Experts say robots could be doing much more.
The robotics industry as a whole is struggling.
The robotics industry is struggling.
Investors are looking for big returns fast, but many companies are not making money yet.
It may be or years before these companies perfect their technology and business models.
Harun's review was brimming with superlative adjectives.
The Half-Life logo is actually a Greek letter known as the lambda.
In this game, if you want to train military units, you first need to build a barracks.
A gravelly voice is not exactly uncommon in the world of video game protagonists.
They replaced Clay's voice actor with some guy who has a gravelly voice.
You do not have admin privileges.
Do you know the admin password for the router?
I'm the admin of this group and I can ban him if I like.
Click on the 'Report' button to report this post to the website admin.
I'm not an admin, I'm just a moderator.
Usually, the creator of an online community is also its admin.
You first need to be an admin to access or modify this file.
Can you set my account to admin, please? There's a few modifications I need to make.
I have no idea how he got access to an admin account.
Wow, admin accounts really do have a lot more features than regular accounts.
You'll find the 'Ban User' setting in your admin dashboard.
This group only has one admin, and she's away for a week.
Can you tell me who the admin of this group is?
If you have a problem with the group, take it up with the admin.
I've been a regular of four group chats in my life, and I was admin of one of them.
The soil thirsts.
This forum has a very hands-off admin.
The government's response to the protests has been thoroughly unjustified.
Remember, only four teams will make it to the semifinals.
The first semifinal match takes place today.
The first semifinal was boring, but the second one blew me away.
Don't worry, this isn't the final, it's just the semifinal.
In my humble opinion, the semifinal was a lot more exciting than the final.
The winner of the second semifinal will play against the winner of the first semifinal.
Australia and Bangladesh have advanced to the semifinals.
The first semifinal will be India vs South Africa.
I've got tickets for the semifinal match this week!
She is a lady of high calibre.
I'm going to give you a crash course on Sanskrit right now.
Can you give me a crash course on etiquette before the party?
If our integrity is threatened, we are even prepared to engage in biological warfare.
At this juncture, we're looking into every possibility.
I don't want to jump into any conclusions at this juncture.
Can't you just outsource your homework online?
My company has decided to outsource my job.
We can outsource the art, but we'll have to work on the programming of the game ourselves.
There's nothing under the bed other than a box of tissues and a potato chip.
You ate just one potato chip? Is that even possible?
Lay's is a major player in the potato chip industry.
Can you take me to your chieftain?
I'm the chieftain of this tribe.
The one with the unique headdress is the chieftain.
She is the chieftain of this tribe and you will address her with respect.
My mother is the chieftain of this village and I will succeed her.
In this tribe, the chieftain is elected by a majority vote.
She was appointed as the chieftain by the goddess herself.
If the chieftain says we can't let you in, then we can't let you in.
Most students wore masks.
They're getting closer. We should alert the chieftain.
The chieftain possessed a harem of young men and women alike.
The chieftain is their leader, but the shaman is the one who actually calls the shots.
Mr Bates is a wealthy industrialist, he won't have time for someone like you.
The industrialist of today is more powerful than the emperor of yesterday.
Brenda's goal was to become a successful industrialist.
Brenda is a big-shot industralist, but she's very down-to-earth at heart.
You think just because you're a wealthy industrialist, you can buy my loyalty?
I've heard that an anonymous industrialist is pouring a lot of money into his political campaign.
I'm sorry to tell you that you're not an industrialist, you're a factory worker.
During the British Raj, some bureaucrats were prejudiced against Indian industrialists.
Alexandra was left to writhe on the floor.
Jessica made her girlfriend writhe and moan.
I will make you writhe in pain when I'm done with you.
Jessica tends to writhe when she orgasms.
Please don't wail like that, you'll make the neighbours think there's been a death in the family.
You can cry and wail all you like, no one is going to hear you.
Brenda let out a loud wail at the sight of her dead daughter.
Believe it or not, her job is to go to strangers' funerals and wail.
You should see a gynaecologist regarding that.
You don't have to be a woman to be a gynaecologist.
My friend Martina is a gynaecologist by profession.
I'm going to refer you to a gynaecologist.
There have been several UFO sightings in this forest.
I don't listen to that kiddie shit.
You forgot to put the addition sign here.
Lots of hacks think they're philosophers.
Marie is something of a non-conformist.
This is a great review
Is your wife religious?
He analyzed the results.
In this new action thriller, a terrorist group hijacks a commercial flight headed to London.
Your father is a deserter and a traitor.
Anthony Cole is a well-known social psychologist.
It's Thanksgiving, and that means we're going to feast on turkey.
After the movie, we went to a KFC to feast on fried chicken.
Harold could finally feast on seafood and satisfy his cravings.
Louise only wears asymmetrical dresses.
Bela got a new asymmetrical haircut.
The United States' Central Intelligence Agency has been responsible for numerous coups all over the world.
Welcome to the Central Intelligence Agency.
I'd like you to join the Central Intelligence Agency.
What should I put in the subject line for my email application?
One look at the subject line and I could tell it was a spam email.
The subject line is empty, but I can see that the email is from Brian.
What a dud.
The Prime Minister of India was invited to speak at the House of Lords.
Sharla was fascinated by nudism as a concept.
Come along now, you mustn't dawdle.
This song is absolutely groovy.
I'm having a groovy time tonight.
This movie has way too many flashback scenes.
One day, you'll learn your lesson, I'm sure of it.
I'm non-binary and I use both he/him and she/her pronouns.
Here we don't discriminate against men, women, enbies, or anyone else for that matter.
Rose told me that they're non-binary.
My teenage son came out as transgender last week.
We have plenty of trans representation on the development team.
The protagonist of this web series is a trans woman, and she is being played by a trans woman as well.
You don't have to be transgender to join our Discord server, cisgender folks are welcome too!
Rose came out as non-binary, but they did not wish to change their name.
The protagonist of this novel is an asexual trans man.
I'm asexual, but that doesn't mean I've never had sex.
Tom is asexual and happily married to his bisexual husband.
Maria is aromantic and homosexual.
I would describe Linda as aromantic, but she personally hates using labels to describe herself.
According to my headcanon, Luke Skywalker is a gay ace.
I couldn't determine if I was a man or a woman, so I settled on genderfluid.
Charli is a well-known genderfluid actor.
Our company is welcoming towards genderqueer people.
Jolene became the first transgender head of state in the world.
Jessica uses they/them pronouns.
I'm just an enby going about their life.
She really needs to find him.
One state governor described the president’s assertion of imagined absolute authority as “infuriating, offensive and, frankly, ignorant of the constitution and of the facts.”
Tom likes to create things.
Mary likes to create things.
Tom loves to create things.
Mary loves to create things.
Life is short and precious.
Life is precious.
Tom grew up in the Australian outback.
Tom is an adventurous boy.
Mary is an adventurous girl.
Tom and Mary went on an adventure.
Tom and Mary went on an adventure together.
Tom is a goody-two-shoes.
Tom is a goody two shoes.
Spend time with people you love.
Tom's friends persuaded him to stay.
Tom's friends convinced him to stay.
Denmark has begun reopening schools.
Tom grew up in Denmark.
Tom was born in Denmark.
The teachers welcomed the students by waving small Danish flags.
The children were very happy to see their classmates again.
Children are not allowed to hug their classmates.
U.S. President Donald Trump was criticized for halting funding to the World Health Organization amid the global coronavirus pandemic.
The train is waiting.
U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withhold funding to the World Health Organization is drawing criticism from world leaders, as coronavirus infections exceed million worldwide.
The U.S. is the world’s largest contributor to WHO, with its more than $million contribution in 2019, amounting to about 15% of the organization’s budget.
The WHO was one of numerous international organizations created as part of the U.N. in the years after World War II.
Over the years, the WHO has helped eradicate smallpox, reduced polio cases by 99% and been on the front lines of the battle against such outbreaks as Ebola.
Do you have any antivenom?
The African Black mamba is a large and highly venomous snake.
The inland taipan is the world's most venomous snake.
The world's most venomous snake is found in Australia.
Thank you for the meal.
Tom's back in the can.
Tom is back in the can.
Tom stopped midkiss.
Tom stopped mid kiss.
Tom stopped mid-kiss.
They stopped mid-kiss.
You made your bed, now lie in it!
She had no way of knowing when she would see him again.
Mary had no way of knowing when she would see him again.
Mary had no way of knowing when she would see Tom again.
Tom had no way of knowing when he would see Mary again.
Tom had no way of knowing when he would see her again.
He had no way of knowing when he would see her again.
Tom drove over a bump.
It's a snowman.
I was making a snowman.
The Oculus Quest is a VR headset.
Half-Life: Alyx is widely expected to be a killer app for VR.
I've never used VR before, so I'm very excited.
The latest Nvidia graphic card drivers offer two new options exclusively for VR games.
Beat Saber is perhaps the most famous VR game yet.
To detect your height, first place your VR headset on the floor and then press 'Next'.
Which is your favourite VR headset?
The Valve Index is the best VR headset in the market right now, but it's also very expensive.
You can make some slight modifications to this VR headset to make it more comfortable.
Unfortunately, this VR headset appears to be designed for people with smaller heads only.
Do you think VR will catch on?
VR might be the future, but right now, it's far too expensive.
You can use Google Earth in VR, and I can assure you that it is mind-blowing.
Sony's PlayStation VR headset is not natively supported on Windows.
There's a special compatibility program you can install to make the PlayStation VR work with your Windows computer.
Don't do anything that might void the warranty.
Remember to adjust the IPD setting of your VR headset, or the display might be out of focus.
Can I do anything about the screen-door effect on this VR headset?
This VR headset is specially designed to eliminate screen-door effect.
The VR headset I own has an exceptionally high-resolution display.
How bad is the SDE on the HTC Vive?
There are many websites providing premium VR porn already.
You can watch VR videos right here in your browser, all thanks to WebVR.
Can I watch VR videos on a regular screen as well?
Don't disturb Mithun, he's in VR right now.
After experiencing VR, I immediately cancelled the game I was developing and began working on a VR game instead.
Richard is a VR aficionado.
Online VR chatrooms like VRChat can be very engaging experiences.
The Unity game engine has in-built support for creating VR experiences.
How do you prefer your pussies, shaved or with a little bush?
I don't care how your pussy smells, I'm going to fuck it anyway.
Have you ever licked a pussy before?
Have you never licked a pussy before?
Nupur likes to rub her clit while her having her pussy fucked.
Let me tell you, Sheena's clit is extremely sensitive.
Your cock is so small, it looks like an oversized clit.
To be honest, I've never had a cock inside me.
Is that cock for real?
I like to think I've got a big dick, but my wife has a bigger strap-on.
Usually it's my wife who fucks me, not the other way around.
Our film has Punjabi actors, a Marathi writer, a Telugu director, and a Bengali composer.
His Marathi had a distinctly Konkani accent.
We want Vidarbha to be made its own state, independent of Maharashtra.
Some have even proposed making Mumbai a state independent of Maharashtra.
Mumbai, which was then called Bombay, was the capital of the Bombay Presidency.
Mumbai, which was then called Bombay, was the capital of the Bombay State.
It's difficult to imagine that once upon a time, Mumbai and Sindh were both part of the same province.
Today, Sindh is a part of Pakistan.
During the Partition of India, Sindh became a part of Pakistan.
The 17th century king Shivaji is widely regarded as a folk hero by the Marathi people.
Shivaji established the Marathi Kingdom, which later morphed into the Maratha Empire.
You don't even know who Shivaji is, but you call yourself a Maratha?
If you don't think I'm hot, then why is your cock hard?
I'm freezing my tits off here.
Nupur laughed when Alyssa saw her boobs and did a chef's kiss.
When she squeezes my ass in public, it really gets my heartbeat going.
I get rock hard when I listen to her voice.
I get rock hard when I listen to his voice.
June specialises in body-to-body erotic massages.
Are you sure it's safe to hire an escort online?
I'm terribly sorry, ma'am, but we only service male clients at this time.
Lucy was originally from Thailand, but she works as an escort in Delhi.
Okay, and how much for anal?
Lucy rubbed her thigh against her client's pussy.
Lucy rubbed her thigh against Alyssa's pussy.
This is not a legitimate escort listing, it's a trap by the police.
Jerry and Ann make amateur porn videos in their spare time.
Ann prefers dominating men and being dominated by women.
Oh no, that's too big. That's not going to fit inside me.
Your cock is so small, I'm not even sure I'd feel it if you fucked me.
Look, I'm begging you, please fuck me in the ass.
Helen begged Ann to fuck her with the strap-on.
Some cults practice ritual sex.
To become a member of our club, you first need to participate in an orgy.
Is this your first orgy?
Is there such a thing as a fivesome, or is it just called an orgy at that point?
MMF threesomes have a distinctly different dynamic when compared to FFM threesomes.
Yoko offered to swallow my cum, but I came on her face instead.
Yoko loves it when I cum on her face.
Yoko squirted all over my face.
As of tonight, I am no longer a virgin.
Jon slipped a couple of fingers into Yoko's pussy.
I would like to see your vagina.
You should try having doggystyle sex.
Have you never had doggystyle sex?
Get your face down and ass up, princess.
Rupa bent over and pulled her panties down.
Tetsuo bent over and pulled his underwear down.
Jack makes the cutest face when he cums.
Jack makes the cutest face when he orgasms.
Which sexual position do you prefer?
I prefer the missionary position, but my wife prefers doggystyle.
Alice said that she fantasized having sex with a werewolf.
Indu claimed that she could fuck five men at the same time.
Indu claimed that she could have sex with five men at the same time.
I've made some changes to the recipe.
I've never used a dating app before.
You are way too kinky for me.
I've installed a new food delivery app on my phone.
Why does a food delivery app need to access my local files?
This app hasn't been localised properly, so you can still see some Japanese strings here and there.
What platform are you using to translate your app?
This is the right game, yes, but I wanted the Xbox One version of it, not the PSversion!
Although the game is set in feudal Japan, its developers are based in Canada.
Will you play Cards Against Humanity with us?
The producers insisted that I had a sex scene to the film.
The producers insisted on two car chases, not one.
When I said that this is a Western game, I meant that it has a Wild West setting, not that it is developed in the West.
Phoebe is a camgirl.
Being a camgirl is a lot harder than it sounds.
I wanted to be a camgirl, but then I realised that I don't have a webcam.
I can have cybersex with you, for a price.
Phoebe discovered that her sister was a camgirl.
I've even sold my nudes for cash.
Fine, I'll let you touch my boobs.
We're going to be streaming live all night, only on Twitch.
We're going to be streaming live all night, only on Mixer.
A large percentage of women face sexual harassment online.
Camgirls are especially susceptible to sexual harassment online.
Vanita put his limp cock in her mouth.
I don't think you can handle deepthroat, cupcake.
Did you seriously just cum in your underwear?
Juhi sniffed her best friend's underwear.
This isn't what I had in mind for the two of us.
VR porn is a lot more immersive than regular porn.
The constant stuttering broke my immersion while playing that game.
Jack has a sugar mommy.
The enemy has penetrated our defences.
During the Middle Ages, that city famously had seven walls around it.
I could show you how to ride a dragon, if you wish.
Pauline said that she was prepared to ride Jack's cock.
I want you to strip naked and rail me.
Rob railed me in the ass.
Mehek railed me in my pussy with her strap-on.
How does it feel knowing that I plow your mother every night?
Did you get plowed?
I plowed Phoebe on our very first date.
She put his balls in her mouth.
She sucked on his balls.
Jenny laughed when she saw how small his penis was.
Jerry was ashamed of his small penis.
This is the largest butt plug I have.
She doesn't let it on, but she's actually wearing an egg vibrator in her pussy right now.
It was only when Jane orgasmed during the meeting that we realised she had been wearing an egg vibrator all along.
Your letter warmed my heart, but your handwriting is still atrocious.
During his investigation, Gaurav uncovered a web of lies stretching all the way to the Chief Minister's office.
"I only accept oral sex as payment," Barry said. "Or cash. Cash works too."
I'm starting to see myself as a caged bird desperate to be set free.
If you want to change your habits, you need to start small.
Shirwadkar's films abound in toilet humour, such as fart jokes.
After watching Pulp Fiction, he was of the opinion that Quentin Tarantino is the greatest director to have ever lived.
What is your favourite film by Kathryn Bigelow?
In addition to writing the manga, Katsushiro Otomo also directed its film adaptation.
I know you're dying to get fucked, but please, hear me out first.
Quit stroking your cock for a minute and look at this.
Tune into our livestream at pm PT.
Has anyone ever told you that you have a beautiful anus?
His eyes made it seem like he wanted to murder me.
Has anyone ever told you that you have a cute penis?
I love it when you call me a slut.
Can't you just buy a bicycle or something?
My brother is losing his virginity as we speak.
She hates the taste of egg yolks, but doesn't mind egg whites.
"How hard should I fuck you?" "As hard as you can."
While Ada and I were stuck in the elevator, I offered to have sex with her.
While Jason and I were stuck in the elevator, I offered to have sex with him.
Is that a credit card or a debit card?
Hello, I'd like to block my debit card as soon as possible.
Your debit card has been blocked already.
After Anthony caught Meena masturbating in her office, Meena asked if he wanted to have sex with her.
You can use a regular Micro USB cable to charge this phone.
I recommend using the cable that came with the phone.
If you connect your phone to your PC via USB, you can even transfer files and photos.
They believe that ancient technology was far more advanced than modern technology.
I'm going to make you squeal.
Would you like me to give you a handjob?
Okay, just one handjob. Then we get back to work.
She isn't great at giving handjobs, but she sure knows how to use her tongue.
The temple on that mountain is an important pilgrimage site.
I consider myself an otaku and I have even made a pilgrimage to Akihabara.
The well-spoken man claimed to be a pilgrim, but he was actually a spy for the bandits.
You missed the best part!
Mangesh was trying to steal a TV when he got busted.
Gracie and her wife are both vampires who live in a gloomy old castle.
Dean informed me that there had been a fresh terrorist bombing in California.
Mangesh kissed his husband's penis.
Meena kissed her husband's penis.
Meena spread her pussy with her fingers and waited for Tony to undress.
I don't like soda and I don't like beer, either.
Sally doesn't have a gag reflex, so she deepthroats me every time we have oral sex.
Sally's favourite sexual fantasy involves her joining a sex cult.
Norman broke down crying after we had sex, leaving me so confused.
He would like to book a trip to Niger.
She would like to book a trip to Niger.
This is too beautiful to be seen.
Are you going to study in Lithuania?
This video cracks me up every time.
In a comment that has now been deleted, Tom said that my interpretation was right.
I guess it must be pretty boring to be up there.
Who am I trying to fool?
Figuratively speaking, of course.
I'd stay and chat, but I have to go.
I think he wants to be alone now.
You could do it with hardly any money.
I dare you to love.
I'm having rice.
The work is in progress.
Nobody forces you to go there.
They exert pressure on them.
I refuse to work under pressure.
I have a recurring dream nowadays.
She is going to solve this.
I think he's got talent.
It represents pure and true love.
It represents a power greater than any other.
I think I got something in my eye.
Don't make fun of the voodoo priestess.
I have lived on three different islands in the last six years.
I don't want to travel again.
Besides, I haven't paid for this place yet.
Who will give me information and advice?
Who will guide me in the right direction?
I suspect it's the work of pirates.
Hundreds of azalea bushes have blossomed.
A sea of colors has swelled up overnight in my neighborhood.
Hundreds of azalea bushes have blossomed, and a sea of colors has swelled up overnight in my neighborhood.
She misses her friends.
Tom misses his friends.
Mary misses her friends.
The elderly are hardest hit by COVID-19.
The developing world is home to densely populated megacities that may be tinderboxes of viral transmission.
The developing world is home to some densely populated megacities that may be tinderboxes of viral transmission. But it also encompasses large rural areas where social distancing is not a public health recommendation, it's a way of life.
In this rural area, social distancing is not a public health recommendation, but a way of life.
Water for washing is less readily available in poor rural areas and urban slums.
Tom is an experienced model builder.
David created a diorama with miniature British soldiers.
This is just a fondue I'm making for tonight.
Rover operators rely on special three-dimensional goggles to help them drive Curiosity over the Martian landscape.
The team found that it could do its job using multiple video conferences and messaging apps.
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and U.S. billionaire Bill Gates have joined the chorus of those expressing concern about U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to suspend U.S. funding for the World Health Organization.
The United Nations and many leaders have criticized Trump’s timing for cutting the funds when they are most needed.
That's what he does best.
Many Italians have stepped up to help others in their communities.
I'm tired of talking about that idiot.
The crisis has given risen to a sense of solidarity and common purpose throughout the country.
The crisis has given risen to a sense of solidarity and common purpose throughout Italy.
Well, I'm not going back there again.
I've seen something else.
Meals on Wheels volunteers deliver daily hot meals to adults over the age of who are homebound.
With schools closing early this year because of COVID-19, “million kids that relied on getting breakfast and lunch at school now have a gap we need to fill,” said Lisa Davis, senior vice president of the No Kid Hungry campaign.
The German government offered to send German craftsmen to remake Notre-Dame cathedral's clerestory windows.
I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
I'm in a bit of a financial pickle.
Tom is in a bit of a financial pickle.
Tom is in a bit of a pickle.
Tom doesn't have a very good relationship with his family.
Tom doesn't have a good relationship with his family.
We all want that.
It's only a toy.
People don't know anything about love.
I don't see much of her.
What did you buy for lunch?
True love is within us.
"Did you say something?" "What do you think I said?"
Do you see them often?
Do you see much of them?
Do you see much of her?
They aren't happy to see them.
Aren't you glad to see us?
I personally know him.
It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission.
There seems to be something inside the pocket of this coat.
Watch me make this disappear.
It's an interesting read.
You should try it with someone.
I used to use an address book, but now I just use the my smartphone.
Hold on, I think I have Jason's number in my address book.
Did you write his number down somewhere? In an address book, maybe?
Hari gulped as the shadow of the towering giant enveloped him.
The towering citadel is understood to be the city's nerve centre.
Our ship looked like a toy boat against the towering cliffs.
Those towering, snow-capped peaks are on the other side of the national border.
James thinks he is unattractive, but he really just has poor hygiene.
Ruchi thinks bearded men are very unattractive, but she doesn't mind a stubble.
The new cigarette packs are designed to make smoking unattractive.
I hate these posters; they make me look very unattractive.
Today's the premiere.
Allow me to be blunt.
You have no idea how many times I've heard that.
That's not really my name.
My agent told me my name wasn't star material.
Couldn't you have said so earlier?
This is the masterpiece.
That turned out not to be so easy.
You really think it's that bad?
I knew I shouldn't have altered the material.
I felt obligated.
Not a single person came to my performances.
They're not man enough to confront their sensitive inner natures.
So I rewrote the entire page.
Why don't you go back to the original scripts?
Could I see you rehearse your play?
I'd rather you didn't.
It makes me very nervous when people look at me.
Let me see you rehearse.
I played a tree in the kindergarten play.
We were young and wild.
My agent was in charge of travel.
He'd really know how to get there.
Do you know where he might be?
He's most likely there.
How did you get involved in doing this show?
Actually, I'm just an extra.
What I really want to do is act.
People don't take you very seriously when you're just an extra.
I think they've changed the ending.
If you want a haircut you'll have to wait.
Don't attack someone, who cannot attack hisself.
Many of my coworkers work from home.
Many of my coworkers are working from home.
What I'm saying is not bullshit.
Love is what we're made of.
The thing is, we're always looking for it on the outside.
Nobody brought you happiness.
I don't know if you understand.
You only see it when you stop looking for it.
You have to play along with it.
What prize did he win?
From alien invasions and climate catastrophes to pandemics, Hollywood has made countless disaster movies over the years.
Fiction and reality are starting to blur.
Tom lives in Los Angeles, the home of Hollywood.
Los Angeles is the home of Hollywood.
It's not unusual to see a film crew shooting either a TV show, movie or commercial.
I feel that I am living in a post-apocalyptic Hollywood movie.
Elizabeth feels that she is living in a post-apocalyptic Hollywood movie.
We'll have to make do with whatever ingredients we find in the kitchen.
The Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.
The WWW was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.
Tom is balancing on a slack line.
Tom tried to keep his balance on the slack line.
Some wear masks while others do not.
Where is it held?
In many of the Hollywood movies, people survive the disaster even though the world has changed.
It's not unusual to see a film crew shooting either a TV show, movie or commercial on the streets of L.A..
Tom and Mary filmed a movie with toy action figures and a smartphone.
Tom tried to keep his balance.
Mary tried to keep her balance.
Some viewers complain of headaches and eyestrain after watching 3D films.
You look more like you're into romantic ballads.
That's why I want to take her to Berlin.
That's why I need my passport back.
That's why I need you to give me back my passport.
It's only for three days.
Mozzarella di bufala is made from the milk of water buffalo.
They are always willing.
They are more selective.
Sometimes they want to, sometimes they don't.
We're that predictable.
We'd love to help you.
I'm here on Thursday.
I leave tonight.
Fascists have somehow managed to rebrand their desperate attempts to restore the shattered icons of the past as a form of iconoclasm.
"Is this normal?" "I don't know."
"Is this weird?" "I don't know."
She's a bit dopey.
Where did you find this meme?
Tom took a nap.
My mother has a laptop and a tablet.
My mother has a notebook and a tablet.
I'm having soup.
My sister wants to go on a road trip across Europe.
My father would like to meet you.
My mother would like to meet you.
My dad would like to meet you.
My mom would like to meet you.
I attend a private school.
The Pandava brothers were the sons of Pandu, the king of Hastinapur.
Rama is said to have returned to Ayodhya using the Pushpak Vimana.
All five Pandava brothers were wedded to the same woman, Draupadi.
Rama encountered the Vanaras in the Dandaka Forest.
Hanuman was asked to bring back herbs, but he brought back a mountain instead.
The climactic battle of the Mahabharata takes place on the battlefield of Kurukshetra.
The Bodo language is spoken in regions of Assam.
Bodo is a Tibeto-Burman language, as opposed to Assamese, which is an Indo-European language.
Bodo is one of the official languages of the Bodoland Territorial Region.
Dogri is chiefly spoken in Jammu, where as Kashmiri is chiefly spoken in Kashmir.
Dogri speakers are known as the Dogras.
Dogri is a tonal language, which makes it rare among Indo-European languages.
The Dogri language once had its own script, but today it is written in Devanagari and Perso-Arabic scripts.
The Dogri script was added to Unicode in 2018.
Like most Indian scripts, the Dogri script was an abugida.
The Dogra people speak Dogri and are predominantly Hindu, whereas the Kashmiri people speak Kashmiri and are predominantly Muslim.
The Kashmiri people live mainly in Kashmir, which is split between India and Pakistan.
The Kashmiri Pandits are a Hindu community native to Kashmir.
Although the majority of the Kashmiri people are Muslim, a minority follows Hinduism.
My friend Shehnaz is Kashmiri, and she lives in Srinagar.
Shehnaz taught me how to speak Kashmiri during my time in Srinagar.
The majority of Kashmiri speakers live in Indian-administered Kashmir, while a minority live in Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
Although the Kashmiri language uses many Persian-origin words, it is in fact, an Indo-Aryan language.
Rogan josh may be the most famous recipe of Kashmiri cuisine.
Kashmiri Muslims use the Perso-Arabic script to write Kashmiri, whereas Kashmiri Hindus typically use the Devanagari script instead.
I met a group of Kashmiri students in Delhi.
The other day, I watched a Kashmiri science-fiction film.
The Maithili language is spoken in Bihar and Jharkhand.
Today, Maithili is written in the Devanagari script.
You are unlikely to find many Maithili speakers in South India.
A minority of Maithili speakers live in Nepal.
Rishabh told me that his family hails from Mithila and that he speaks Maithili with his parents.
The Manipuri language is spoken in Manipur.
Manipuri is listed as a scheduled language in the Indian constitution.
The Balochi language is spoken in Balochistan, which is split between Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.
I met Zeenat in Quetta, where she taught me a few common Balochi phrases.
I picked up some Balochi during my time in Balochistan.
Zeenat sang folk songs from all over Pakistan, including her native Balochi.
Zeenat and her sister spoke in Balochi so that Nawaz would not understand what they were saying.
Zeenat posted a video of her singing a Balochi song, and you should listen to it.
Remember never to share your internet banking password with anyone.
If you wish to use our internet banking features, you will first have to create a password.
I'm having trouble with internet banking. Could you look into it for me?
"How do you install unsigned apps?" is a very frequently asked question.
Gaurav paid for his Amazon order via internet banking.
Is it possible that my internet banking account has been hacked?
I forgot my internet banking password, so I need to contact the bank to have it reset.
Can I log into my internet banking account using my debit card details?
Even in these times of online transactions and internet banking, Hari prefers to use cheques and cash.
Internet banking services are temporarily unavailable. Please check back later.
The enemy never sleeps.
Internet banking is perfectly safe so long as you follow a few precautions.
Bob stored his internet banking details in a plain text file on his desktop.
While using our internet banking services, please do not press the Back button on your browser. Doing so will log you out.
You have been idle for too long, and so you have been logged out of internet banking. Please log in again to continue.
I always use the on-screen keyboard when I log into my internet banking account. It's safer that way.
You can make a lot of money as a streamer, but it takes effort and a fair bit of luck.
Pauline has quit her job to become a full-time streamer.
Have you ever donated money to a streamer? If so, how much?
Being a streamer sounds like an easy job, but it's no mean feat keeping your audience entertained.
I want to be a streamer too. Can you show me the ropes?
Pauline was the most-viewed streamer this year.
My favourite streamer turned out to be a milkshake duck.
Pauline is a 16-year-old streamer who mainly streams Minecraft.
The concept of a virtual streamer came out of Japan.
Kizuna Ai might be the most famous virtual streamer of them all.
Can I still be a popular streamer if I choose to cover my face during the stream?
This streamer was banned for violating our community rules.
I'm not a streamer; I just record gameplay videos and post them on YouTube.
Bob has been feeling very demotivated since the incident on Monday.
Lately, I've been feeling very demotivated as an artist.
If you feel demotivated, I know a book that could help you.
I was feeling so demotivated in life until you came along.
You think I'm demotivated, but the truth is that I'm just bored of everything.
All the toxicity in this office has left me feeling demotivated.
I was very excited at first, but your attitude towards my work has demotivated me.
Yuna felt demotivated after being criticised for her work.
There was a large selection of fruit on the market.
Nowadays, people travel more often than before.
Nothing is visible at night.
It's no wonder that she didn't want to go there.
Father said no.
You didn't tell me to buy some bread.
Tom would help you if you asked him.
Seeing the blood, she fainted.
Maybe she will change her mind.
Maybe he will change his mind.
May I switch over to another channel?
You will have to ask Tom about that.
The storm has calmed down.
This time, I will get less.
You needn't have taken the taxi.
Am I older than your brother?
That is some fish.
Put it away immediately!
Next year, I will have been working with that firm for ten years.
It would be ridiculous to want to restrain oneself from obedience to an external and foremost will only because it did not accord with prudence. For this is precisely the supposition of the government: that it allows its subjects the liberty to judge right and wrong not according to their own understandings but according to the rule of law.
I like the cologne you're wearing.
That's an old one.
That one is old.
Come back when you have something new.
After two months of traveling, we realized that something horrible was happening.
Is it going to be scary?
This story is making me very scared.
Please, I don't want to hear any more.
It's very catchy.
No one could think of anything else.
Many threw themselves into the sea.
When we returned, there were only eight crew members left.
In the end we don't need anyone.
Let's hear it then.
He's stealing my change.
I suspect he's nuts.
Are you really happy with this line of work?
Now that's a challenge.
I can never beat him.
I'd be proud to join your crew.
I'll pack my bags and get ready.
Give me back my gun.
The problem is that you're not cooperating.
I let you into my house without a search warrant.
What is it that you don't know?
I told you he'd gone to Barcelona.
I didn't learn this through reading.
Help us and we'll give you your passport.
Tom and Mary started spending time together.
The last person to see him was you.
Tom and Mary started spending more time together.
I have no idea what happened in that basement.
Tom and Mary started gradually spending more time together.
Tom and Mary started gradually spending more and more time together.
I'll come over in a minute and we'll see.
A friend shows in misfortune.
Adversity is the test of friendship.
I grabbed my phone and ran away.
I'm going to the court.
I couldn't turn the computer on.
The judge isn't convinced at all.
He punched me so hard I dropped to the floor.
I don't know if I can keep her much longer.
Well, you'll manage.
As soon as I opened the notebook, I realized that my notes had disappeared.
I don't want any trouble
There's a witness protection program.
I'm not afraid of my brother.
I'm used to people not taking me seriously.
People have always looked down on me.
I don't care if people laugh at me.
I don't care if they laugh at me.
I know what I am.
You should also know that we're talking about a possible homicide.
Many persons jumped out of the house rather than burn.
Talk to my brother about that when you find him.
How many times do I have to explain it to you?
We made love.
My brother got vioelent.
He doesn't like me bringing men home.
Why do you think that she lies?
The book is intresting.
If you have to tolerate my queerness, you're missing the point entirely.
If you have to tolerate me, you're missing the point entirely.
Tom did a backflip.
Tom learned how to do a backflip.
Wait for me. I'll be there in ten minutes or so.
Wait for me. I'll be there in about ten minutes.
Tom woke up late.
Tom woke up late and missed his final exam.
Tom woke up the next morning and went to work.
Tom woke up the next morning and went to school.
Tom never woke up the next morning.
We'll be there in about ten minutes.
I'll call you back in about ten minutes.
In about ten minutes, you'll find out more.
The moon was the only source of light.
A small, bare bulb was the only source of light.
Tom slept through his final exam.
Tom accidentally slept through his final exam.
The entire class stared at him.
The entire class stared at her.
The whole class stared at him.
The whole class stared at her.
The entire class stared at Tom.
The whole class stared at Tom.
The whole class looked at Tom.
The whole class laughed at Tom.
The entire class looked at Tom.
Tom overslept after cramming for his final exam.
Tom slept through his alarm.
Tom dozed off during the exam.
Tom dozed off during his exam.
Tom fell asleep during the exam.
Tom overslept and missed his final exam.
Tom stayed up late studying for the exam.
Tom stayed up late studying for his exam.
Tom stayed up very late studying for the exam.
Tom sprinted across campus.
Tom sprinted across the airport.
Don't worry. I still have an hour left before the exam.
Tom thought that the exam was at 8:am.
Some windows were open.
Tom thought that the exam was at 9:am, but it was actually at eight.
Tom still has nightmares about it.
Tom still has nightmares about this.
I still have nightmares about this.
Tom tried to fit the square peg into the round hole.
You can't fit a square peg into a round hole.
You can't fit a square peg in a round hole.
Tom tried to force the square peg into the round hole.
Tom overslept and missed an important meeting.
Tom overslept and missed an important meeting with a client.
Tom tried to hammer the square peg into the round hole.
Mary felt a sinking feeling in her stomach.
Mary felt a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Tom felt a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Tom felt a sinking feeling in his stomach.
The project is ahead of schedule.
The project is on schedule.
It is surely not the best food you've ever eaten. Eat up and you won't starve.
Tom zoned out.
Tom zoned out completely.
Tom confronted him about his behavior.
Tom's father confronted him about his behavior.
His wife confronted him about his behavior.
Mary confronted him about his behavior.
Tom confronted Mary about her behavior.
Cats kill billions of birds every year.
Mary's cellphone began to vibrate in her pocket.
Mary's cellphone started to vibrate in her pocket.
Tom's cellphone started to vibrate in his pocket.
Tom's cellphone began to vibrate in his pocket.
Tom filled the kettle.
Portocarrero is a Cuban artist from the last century.
My brother is ill.
I sleep with men.
I don't see them again.
Tom started to whistle.
The kettle started to whistle.
The kettle started whistling.
Tom started whistling.
I've already told you.
I'm not going to contradict myself.
When I returned an hour later there was no one home.
He stayed with you three months ago.
Doesn't that ring a bell?
I hook up with men four or five times a month.
He says you set him up.
Why do you always hook up with married men?
It's your word against his.
If you want us to help you, cooperate.
What do you think I'm doing here?
I want you to be comfortable.
She's protecting her brother.
Do you doubt it?
Did you take a look at the website I sent you?
I don't have anyone to look after him.
I swear by my kids.
He's accusing you and your brother of blackmail.
He's got an overactive imagination.
What does she do when she's agitated?
You think I haven't noticed?
I'll call you as soon as I'm done.
The beard doesn't care about us. It abounds on purpose to remind us of our depression, when we have too much.
I like her, because she's just is the way she is.
We haven't deceived you.
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
She is among my favorite authors.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the CoVidvirus will have stunned us, since no one expected it.
It is true that we have the art of missing opportunities.
Alex found consolation in the words of his friend.
She writes short stories.
She writes novellas.
The sky is strewn with stars.
Tom is on a performance improvement plan.
Tom's boss put him on a performance improvement plan.
Tom is immunocompromised.
Tom has a weakened immune system.
Tom was desperately lonely.
Mary was desperately lonely.
Tom is desperately lonely.
Tom brought a crate of beer.
Had I known earlier, I could have done something about it.
We drove the horses into the pen.
"What are you doing up here?" "What do you think I'm doing here?" "That is what I want to know."
The reason I am here is you.
I won't touch it.
It's not even signed.
Will you shut the fuck up already?
The cat has jumped onto the table.
In what way are you better than me?
I think he's going to say no.
Your situation is the same as mine.
We drove the horses into the paddock.
I don't mean that one.
I'm not going to arrest you.
You're a textbook psychopath.
Read it yourself, if you like.
Why does it have to be like this?
Have you come straight from the airport?
Do you want some change?
Why did you start without me?
I'm happy to see you too.
What did you do all that time?
Try to remember what happened.
How was your vacation in Paris?
The whole family is quite a mess.
Apparently, he became very violent.
I've heard you've had a hard time with transportation.
Tell us what is to do and we will do that.
It's dry.
There's something here that doesn't add up.
Just don't make it a habit
Reading is one of my hobbies.
We need to go back.
Has he been learning English?
Do you like learning English?
Tom had no experience with girls.
Tom has almost no experience with girls.
Tom has no experience with girls.
Tom is a small-town boy.
Mary is a small-town girl.
Amateur artists around the world are recreating famous works of art and sharing them on social media for all to enjoy.
In the future, insect fats could be used to replace butter.
Celine Dion, Andrea Bocelli, Lady Gaga, Lang Lang and John Legend performed "The Prayer" during the during One World: Together At Home on April 18, 2020.
Sweden adopted a controversial strategy to fight the coronavirus.
More than half of Swedish households are single-person households.
Can you have it both ways?
They are playing behind the house.
She wanted to get divorced.
I must know how you discovered that your sister had drowned.
Can't you see she doesn't remember?
We just want to know what happened.
What were you doing while your sister was having a bath?
I was in the kitchen making food.
My father gets angry when I don't have the food ready.
Your parents say she never bathed without company.
You left the door open?
Were you afraid something might happen?
You didn't hear anything?
When did you find out that your sister had died?
When did you figure it out?
Why didn't you call anyone?
Why did you shut yourself in your room?
She misses her ex.
I'm Ricardo, I'm years old and I live in Rio.
She was dead.
Look at the screen.
This woman has suffered a trauma.
It might help you remember what happened.
She's hiding something from us.
The girl was retarded.
I'm proud to be a teacher.
The results surprised us.
This girl is always spaced out.
Why would she want to kill the sister?
She was fed up.
He's hiding something from us.
Perhaps the parents are involved.
He could be overreacting.
Look at it this way.
Suppose the girl is not affected by what happened.
Why would the parents want to kill the girl?
My cousin has a son with autism.
He says his wife can barely sleep.
Maybe she thought it was the best thing for her.
Find out if the parents have always gone together on other hospital visits.
You went alone, didn't you?
I needed to think.
When was the last time you were on vacation?
You're not helping me at all.
Do you want me to show you the pictures again?
I heard her calling me.
Why didn't you go to the bathroom?
You don't have to answer his questions.
You can remain silent.
You have the right to not testify.
We have to finish.
I have the right not to answer
I don't want to answer anymore.
I know this is very difficult for you.
We're recording everything.
I'd rather stay in the room.
We have to talk a little bit first, you and I.
I need you to look at me when we talk.
Do you feel guilty about it?
Does he do that to you often?
Did he hit your sister too?
No man has the right to hit you.
You knew you couldn't leave her alone.
My mother doesn't know anything.
My mother never takes care of us.
My father doesn't know anything.
Why would she tell us that?
Did he help you take care of your sister?
It's a very heavy burden for you.
My sister has never been a burden to me.
You don't have to be ashamed of admitting it.
She has a gift.
When you're by her side, you forget everything.
He's at her place.
She's old enough to be his mother.
She's old enough to be his grandmother.
I won't see him again.
I won't see them anymore.
I won't see them again.
You won't see me anymore.
You won't see him anymore.
You won't see her anymore.
You won't see them anymore.
You won't see me again.
You won't see him again.
You won't see her again.
You won't see them again.
I won't see you anymore.
He's a bad influence on them.
She's so proud of him.
Some members of Tatoeba undoubtedly smoke too much weed.
She's his wife, not his daughter.
He's their father.
Both Tom and you are wrong.
That guy is going places.
You did not visit Colombia.
I have very little time left.
I am an altruist.
Look through the window.
Giraffes have distinctive coats.
He seems to be in better mental health.
These are Algeria's best under-basketball players.
That's my point of view.
This restaurant's coffee is good.
I already wrote it in Kabyle on Tatoeba; it's even been long time ago.
Regardless of the length of the night, the sun always rises.
"As long as the night is, the day will come to an end," says a Kabyle proverb.
What else must I do to win your trust?
Ari is agender.
We live in a cisnormative society.
I have read a lot of books.
Don't wait, just go.
She tried to not look down.
I am dreaming of holiday.
I met a woman in the subway.
I don't smoke pot anymore because it's bad for my mental health.
Cannabis does different things to different people.
Marijuana helps my partner's anxiety, but is the worst possible thing for mine.
Marijuana may help my partner's anxiety, but it is the worst possible thing for mine.
Tom and I work at the ski resort on alternate weekends. This weekend it's me. Next weekend it's him.
Arrange the apples and oranges alternately in a row.
Tom had been having a secret extramarital affair, alternating between two women for the past six months.
I'm not cisgender.
I am not cisgender.
Sasha is gender-fluid.
Avani is gender-fluid.
Two U.S. space agency NASA astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut landed Friday in Kazakhstan after months on board the International Space Station.
NASA astronauts Andrew Morgan and Jessica Meir and Russian space agency Roscosmos Cosmonaut Oleg Skripochka undocked from the ISS in the Soyuz MS-spacecraft early Friday.
The trio parachuted to Earth in the steppe of Kazakhstan.
Trudeau spoke to the nation Monday.
In Nova Scotia, a gunman disguised as a police officer went on a 12-hour rampage shooting people in their homes, setting fires and killing at least people, including a 23-year-veteran policewoman.
Such a tragedy should have never occurred.
Violence of any kind has no place in Canada.
Such a tragedy should have never occurred. Violence of any kind has no place in Canada.
Police responded to a house where gunshots were reported and found bodies inside and outside the house.
Authorities believe the shooter may have targeted his first victims but then began attacking randomly.
Several houses in the area were set on fire.
Officials said the suspect was shot and killed by police.
The death toll in Sunday's 12-hour shooting rampage across the province of Nova Scotia, already the worst of its kind in Canada's history, has risen to 18.
With online video conferencing, Jason Smith has been able to play online board games with friends, host virtual watch parties of a favorite TV show and even have virtual dinners.
Jason places a TV monitor on his dining table and chats with his friends during the meal.
Jason and his friends even made the same dish during one virtual dinner.
Mr. Smith organized a virtual birthday party for his 8-year-old daughter.
Tom had planned a family trip.
Tom and Mary had planned a family trip.
Tom and Mary planned a family trip.
Telling her that I couldn't do any of these things for her was really hard.
“It was fun because they sang happy birthday, we did a scavenger hunt and we did a dance party,” Emma added.
Tom and Mary organized a scavenger hunt.
The virtual birthday parties entertained the kids and made it a memorable birthday.
My daughter said it was her best birthday ever, which was really sweet.
“It's also fun because they don't eat my cake and don't make a mess around my house,” Emma said with the practicality of an adult.
The success of the party helped Paik feel better during this stressful time.
Videos posted online have shown just how vile some of the abuse of emergency workers has been in Australia during the COVID-crisis.
A woman arrested for traffic offenses spat in the face of a police officer before she was thrown to the ground.
A supermarket worker was physically assaulted and spat on by a woman who was angry at restrictions at the supermarket.
Police officers have reported that people receiving fines for flouting physical-distancing guidelines in Australia were coughing on them and then claiming they had COVID-19.
Nurses and midwives have said they had been assaulted on trains and buses, refused service at grocery stores and spat on by members of the public who have accused them of spreading the virus.
The New South Wales state government said imposing heavy fines on perpetrators was necessary because of a sufficient minority of Australians causing harm.
Tom's son was quick to adapt to life at home.
Tom says attending classes in pajamas is much more fun.
Tom plays with his friends online.
Turkey has a well-developed and relatively inexpensive internet along with widespread smartphone use.
Online deliveries from supermarkets appear to be no longer working.
The online service seems overwhelmed by demand.
The town was surrounded by a wall.
Tom takes fencing classes.
Tom takes fencing classes online.
"Today, all Canadians are Nova Scotian," said Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The Canadian flag flew at half-mast on Parliament Hill's Peace Tower to commemorate the Nova Scotia mass killing victims.
The House of Commons observed a moment of silence for the mass shooting victims.
An RCMP officer who was injured is now recovering at home.
"The innocence of the province cannot be let go of. We cannot allow a tragedy as deep and as painful and as hard as this determine what our communities are going to be like," said Nova Scotia Premier McNeil.
They played soccer together.
Tom and Mary are taking fencing classes.
Tom took a glassblowing class.
Tom took a stained-glass class.
Tom took a stained-glass class with Mary.
Tom took a woodworking class.
Tom took a metalworking class.
Tom took a pottery class.
Tom took a painting class.
Tom took a basket weaving class.
Tom took a basketweaving class.
Tom took a basket-making class.
Tom took a yoga class with Mary.
Are you sure this is a beginner's class?
Tom signed up for a beginner's class.
Tom doesn't like loud noises.
I don't like loud noises.
Here she comes now.
Here he comes now.
Tom yelled at the TV when his character died.
Tom yelled at his computer.
The price of oil has fallen below zero.
I am sincerely grateful that everyone has gathered today in this year-end rush time.
Europe has an old saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
I am becoming a working adult in January.
Please report the progress.
Does barbarism mean the people who cut hair?
You are going to sell your house.
The shrill song of the cicadas produces an unpleasant acoustic sensation.
I've fallen in love and now I can't live without you.
Everything will be different.
I will pay you before Monday.
Have you noticed the change?
I’ve subscribed to two newspapers.
I had subscriptions to two newspapers.
Why did he not see Tom?
I am playing football with my friends.
Tom claims that he didn't kill anybody.
What I had been looking for was right before my eyes.
Tom and Mary have gone hunting.
Do you hate him?
Tom claims he didn't kill anybody.
I'm playing football with my friends.
Why didn't he see Tom?
As you all know, we are in the midst of a global pandemic.
I want some shaved ice!
What is your favorite hobby?
Aah... being young is nice, isn't it?
What's your favorite hobby?
Then, a lone snowflake floated down from the night sky.
When the snowflake touched my cheek, I woke up in my bed with my eyes sticky with tears.
When I tried to punch the mirror, my hand phased through it and the momentum sucked me into it.
When I let go of his hand, something inside me knew I would never hold it again.
I remember that one time Erik, after finding out I had crashed into his car with my bike and left a sizable dent, kicked my ass.
Why didn't she see Tom?
Tom is well-informed about the circumstances present within the Indian agricultural community.
Your year-long stay in Germany was very beneficial, wasn't it?
In the winter, my lips would chap.
Those questions are about to be answered.
Have you washed your hair today?
How long have you been writing songs?
With all due respect, but you didn't tell me your name.
I can get someone smart to help me.
How do you get a girl to notice you?
Wouldn't you like to hear us sing together?
I think it's a fantastic idea, it'll just have to be another time.
What do you say, guys?
I think it's time for me to go home.
I saved all my photos to the cloud.
The oceans are full of life.
What was it you wanted to show me?
She put the money in the bag.
There's an old saying in Europe, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
Our ancestors lived in harmony with nature.
Tom and Mary live in harmony with nature.
Tom and Mary can both play not only the clarinet but also the flute.
That was not my goal.
When you find yourself in hell you don't take time to adjust the thermostat.
She knows that I love her.
He knew that I loved her.
He knew that I loved him.
She knew that I loved her.
She knew that I loved him.
He knows that I love her.
She knows that I love him.
I told him that I loved him.
Algeria needs to maintain its independence.
Algeria needs to maintain its sovereignty.
Algeria is not a landlocked country.
This app was developed in Algeria.
Algeria is a huge country located in North Africa.
Algeria is an ally of the Russian Federation.
Algeria has a very strong cultural identity.
Algeria needs to pursue greater economic independence.
Algeria should export more refined oil products.
Algeria exports hydrocarbons.
Algerian products need to enter the international market.
Algeria needs to reduce energy subsidies.
This should be one of Algeria's primary policy aims.
The separatists are seeking to distance themselves linguistically from the rest of the Berbers.
In the game of geopolitics, cultural and political symbols matter.
Moroccan-backed separatists could destabilize Algeria.
Algeria is strategically located between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria would never deploy troops in Libya.
Algeria has no American base on its soil.
Algeria is attracting more and more sub-Saharan migrants.
This territory belongs to Algeria.
Algeria is seeking to diversify its economy.
Algeria wouldn't host an American military base.
Algeria needs to enhance its trade relations with Russia and China.
Algeria needs to strengthen its ties with Russia and China.
Algeria needs to enhance economic and political cooperation with China.
Algeria has signed many economic agreements with China.
Algeria doesn't officially recognize the independence of Kosovo.
Algeria has close ties with Russia.
Algeria is reaching out to China for help.
Algeria has favorable economic relations with China and Russia.
He and I are about the same height.
You and I are about the same height.
For me, Tatoeba is a nice and instructive pastime.
The reed bends in the wind.
Bilberries are my favourite fruit.
Blueberries are my favorite fruit.
The author let down a lot of her fans with her transphobia.
The author let down a lot of his fans with his transphobia.
The author has let down a lot of her fans with her transphobia.
The author disappointed a lot of her fans with her transphobia.
The author has let down a lot of his fans with his transphobia.
The author disappointed a lot of his fans with his transphobia.
The author has disappointed a lot of his fans with his transphobia.
Why do you want me to go there?
Tom doesn't smoke pot.
Tom doesn't smoke weed.
Tom doesn't smoke grass.
Smoke weed every day.
I am Christian but I don't eat pork.
The fire season has already started.
Anti-vaxxers endager people's lives.
The radar detected a mysterious signal.
Do you think I would recognize Tom?
Psychologists recommend a variety of coping mechanisms, such as exercising, drawing or gardening for those who feel cooped up.
April is the 50th anniversary of Earth Day.
April is the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, when the very question of whether the planet can survive emerged for the first time from the minds of so-called eccentrics and flower children of the 1960s into national consciousness.
Rachel Carson’s landmark book “Silent Spring” spoke of the hazards posed by pesticides.
In January 1969, an oil spill off the coast of Santa Barbara, California, killed thousands of birds, dolphins and sea lions.
Industrial waste floating on the water literally set Ohio’s Cuyahoga River on fire.
A 25-year-old graduate student from Stanford University named Denis Hayes and a U.S. Democratic senator from Wisconsin, Gaylord Nelson, coordinated what became Earth Day — April 22, 1970.
That first Earth Day was so important in part because we brought together a huge basket of different issues: urban air pollution, freeways cutting through neighborhoods, leaded paint, DDT, the Santa Barbara oil spill, rivers catching on fire.
The idea of an Earth Day sprouted like green grass on college campuses across the country.
Cartoonist Walt Kelly created a special Earth Day poster.
Television news stories publicized Earth Day.
College students shunned their usual indoor studies for outdoor ecological discussions.
Many ecology-minded performers and media personalities promoted Earth Day.
Schoolchildren walked out of their classrooms to pick up litter and plant trees.
New York City Mayor John Lindsay closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic.
New York City closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic.
New York City closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic for Earth day.
The mayor turned all of Central Park into an Earth Day party.
President Richard Nixon and first lady, Pat Nixon, planted a tree on the South Lawn of the White House.
Nixon created the Enironmental Protection Agency in 1970.
President Nixon signed the Clean Water and Clean Air acts in 1970, and the Endangered Species Act three years later.
Earth Day Network says Earth Day is now the largest secular holiday in the world.
More than a billion people participate in some direct form of environmental activism every April 22.
The theme of Earth Day is climate action.
The Earth Day Network is urging hundreds of millions to join in a huge global social media conversation, including ways to pressure governments to keep their commitments to the Paris Climate Agreement to fight global warming.
Chloe likes baking.
After going to three different stores, Chloe finally found some flour at a small neighborhood market.
The family gathered around the table.
The family gathered around the table­ for a meal.
Tom's family gathered around the table for a meal.
Lang Teng opened his business in Phnom Penh not long after the murderous Khmer Rouge rule ended in 1979.
Lang Teng remembers how shoppers arrived at the market back then, each with an empty basket. They moved from stall to stall, buying basics—vegetables, meat, fish, eggs—and tucking purchases into the baskets that always seemed to have room for another item.
Vendors wrapped items in banana leaves and water hyacinth strings.
Now, we don’t see that anymore.
Cambodians of Lang Teng’s generation remember routinely living a life that produced little to no waste.
The more I sleep, the more I want to sleep.
The more I sleep, the less I dream.
Let's focus on our goals.
I have an itchy foot.
Raspberries are my favourite berry.
Don't forget to close the door on your way out.
The author's intolerance to paraphilia was received well by most of his fans.
Do you think they would recognize me?
Don't run on the stairs.
We were stuck in the elevator for an hour.
Two decades ago, the Buddhist monks of Pa Book temple in Lamphun, Thailand set a goal to cut waste to zero.
The monks encourage local residents to put food into the provided bowls to cut plastic waste.
The monks' zero waste initiative inspired the entire village.
Today, Pa Book is a zero-waste model community.
Viewers of TV hospital shows have seen patients wheeled into an emergency room on a stretcher with a paramedic squeezing a bag attached to their faces. That's a bag-valve mask.
Squeezing the bag-valve mask draws air into and out of a patient's lungs when they are unable to do it themselves. The mechanical ventilator basically automates that task.
Too much air pressure can damage the patient's lungs.
Most psychiatric wards are still very abusive and traumatizing places.
The original design needed work.
An early prototype broke.
An early prototype broke when the engineers tested it.
"This is part of every design process for everything. Things always fail," MIT mechanical engineering student Kimberly Jung said.
We got back to the drawing board and figured out why it broke and how we could make it better.
Several other groups are working on low-cost ventilators.
The perpetrator used a sledgehammer to smash his way through reinforced glass doors.
Police hope that publicizing the images will help them track down the thief who stole "The Parsonage Garden at Nuenen in Spring 1884."
The 25-by-57-centimeter oil-on-paper painting shows a person standing in a garden surrounded by trees with a church tower in the background.
The painting shows a person standing in a garden surrounded by trees with a church tower in the background.
The painting dates to a time when Van Gogh had moved back to his family in a rural area of the Netherlands and painted the life he saw there.
The exact value of the painting is uncertain.
Just because you have rights on paper doesn't mean they'll be respected.
The World Meteorological Organization is warning that if the planet keeps warming at its current pace, the average global temperature could increase by 1.degrees C in the next years
This rise in temperature would worsen extreme weather events, and many of the dangerous effects of climate change might become irreversible.
The world needs to show the same determination and unity against climate change as against COVID-19.
People everywhere need to act together in the interests of the health and welfare of humanity, for the sake of this and future generations.
Turtle hatchlings get confused by beachfront lights.
Frequent hand-washing with soap and water for at least seconds is recommended by health experts to help prevent exposure to COVID-19.
Louis XIV of France is said to have taken only two baths in his adult lifetime.
Louis XIV of France is said to have taken only two baths in his adult lifetime—both times recommended by his doctors.
The king had headaches, and his doctors thought bathing would help cure the condition.
The king had headaches, and his doctors thought bathing would help cure the condition. It did not, and he never bathed again.
In the 1700s, most people in the upper class seldom, if ever, bathed.
In the 1700s, most people in the upper class occasionally washed their faces and hands, and kept themselves “clean” by changing the white linens under their clothing.
By the close of the 18th century, bathing was gaining acceptance among the wealthy as a new form of personal care.
By the middle of the 19th century, periodic bathing had become common.
Advancements in industry, plumbing, architecture and science helped spread the practice of bathing and hand-washing.
I'd like to talk to you on Skype if you don't mind.
The manufacture and promotion of soap played a huge role in promoting cleanliness as a desirable, appealing lifestyle.
In the late-19th century, people began to realize the relationship between cleanliness and good health.
In the 1880s, French scientist Louis Pasteur discovered the link between microbes and the transmission of diseases.
Pasteur’s ideas profoundly influenced western medical thinking.
There's no manual.
Tom read the instruction manual.
Tom read the manual.
Tom always reads the manual.
Tom always reads the instruction manual.
Tom read the owner's manual.
Wisconsin is America's dairy capital.
Tom tightened the screw.
Fifty years ago, on April 22, 1970, people around the world marked the first Earth Day.
On April 22, 1970, thousands gathered to raise awareness about the importance of protecting our beautiful planet for future generations.
Fifty years ago, on April 22, 1970, people around the world marked the first Earth Day. Thousands gathered to raise awareness about the importance of protecting our beautiful planet for future generations.
On this Earth Day, as we physically separate ourselves by necessity, we can still collectively appreciate the wondrous beauty of our planet and the extraordinary science that helps us understand how it all works.
NASA astronauts inarguably get the best human view of our planet.
Since the first humans ventured above our atmosphere, they have been humbled by the beauty and fragility of our planet seen from space.
It’s widely believed that the now-iconic “Earthrise” photo taken by Bill Anders on Apollo in spurred the modern environmental protection movement that led to the first Earth Day.
As Anders said, “We came all this way to explore the Moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the Earth.”
We came all this way to explore the Moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the Earth.
The view from space is particularly breathtaking at night.
Apollo 8, the first manned mission to the moon, entered lunar orbit on Christmas Eve, Dec. 24, 1968.
That evening, the astronauts—Commander Frank Borman, Command Module Pilot Jim Lovell, and Lunar Module Pilot William Anders—held a live broadcast from lunar orbit, in which they showed pictures of the Earth and moon as seen from their spacecraft.
The vast loneliness is awe-inspiring and it makes you realize just what you have back there on Earth.
They ended the broadcast with the crew taking turns reading from the book of Genesis.
On December 24, 1968, Apollo astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and Bill Anders became the first humans to witness the Earth rising above the moon's barren surface.
In December of 1968, the crew of Apollo became the first people to leave our home planet and travel to another body in space.
On December 24, 1968, Apollo astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and Bill Anders became the first humans to orbit the moon.
Scientists visit Antarctica to study penguins.
Satellite data can help scientists find penguin populations.
Voyager flew within 50,miles (81,kilometers) of Uranus’ cloud tops, collecting data that revealed two new rings, new moons and temperatures below minus degrees Fahrenheit (minus degrees Celsius).
“Mars used to be a wet planet with a thick atmosphere,” said Gina DiBraccio.
Mars used to be a wet planet with a thick atmosphere.
Scientists believe magnetic fields can protect a planet, fending off the atmosphere-stripping blasts of the solar wind.
Unlike any other planet in our solar system, Uranus spins almost perfectly on its side — like a pig on a spit roast — completing a barrel roll once every hours.
Uranus' magnetic field axis points degrees away from its spin axis.
One thing astronauts have to be good at: living in confined spaces for long periods of time
One of the biggest ideas in physics is the possibility that all known forces, particles, and interactions can be connected in one framework.
String theory is the best-known proposal for a “theory of everything” that would tie together our understanding of the physical universe.
The New Horizons spacecraft flew past the ancient Kuiper Belt object Arrokoth on Jan. 1, 2019.
Arrokoth is the most distant, most primitive and most pristine object ever explored by spacecraft.
Arrokoth looks like a snowman.
When a massive star dies, it runs out of fuel, collapses under its own weight and explodes as a supernova.
These stellar deaths can leave behind neutron stars, which pack more mass than our Sun into a sphere roughly as wide as the island of Manhattan is long.
Supernovas can leave behind neutron stars, which pack more mass than our Sun into a sphere roughly as wide as the island of Manhattan is long.
Pulsars, which are one class of neutron star, spin up to hundreds of times each second and sweep beams of energy toward us with every rotation.
For decades, scientists have been trying to figure out exactly how pulsars work.
Space-time around the pulsar is so distorted that light from the side of the pulsar facing away from us is “bent” and redirected into our view.
The Kuiper Belt object MUhas been officially named Arrokoth, a Native American term meaning “sky” in the Powhatan/Algonquian language.
“The name ‘Arrokoth’ reflects the inspiration of looking to the skies and wondering about the stars and worlds beyond our own,” said Alan Stern, New Horizons principal investigator.
Arrokoth is one of the thousands of known small icy worlds in the Kuiper Belt.
The Kuiper Belt is the “third zone” of the solar system beyond the inner terrestrial planets and the outer gas giant planets.
Dust storms are common on Mars.
The color of an object is actually the color of the light reflected while all other colors are absorbed.
His new film is boring.
His face suddenly turned red.
I want to cuddle you while we sleep.
You can do whatever you wish to do.
Always have chance to win the race
Time is move on and never look back
He lives in the projects.
He lives on a council estate.
He lives in a housing project.
I learned how to swim when I was young.
When she heard the news, she was very surprised.
Lojban is a difficult language, right?
Tom put on his mask, gloves and face shield before leaving the house.
Is famine imminent?
"Do you drive an unlicensed taxi?" I asked him.
I have read hundreds of books.
I hang the calendar on the wall.
Everything is covered with dust here.
This is the picture that he painted.
The youngest child told that a wolf had come and ate all the others.
Rabbits are usually larger than mice.
Are you going to pick up women?
The moment I entered the swimming pool, my nose started bleeding.
The leaves spun around in the wind like a ballerina with an emerald-green dress.
When I entered the dark music room, the piano stopped playing.
Black spring.
I leapt from the ground and flew into the sky - soon, the clouds were beneath me, a white cotton carpet glittering under the setting sun.
The fog seemed to eat up the town and all of its inhabitants.
The mountains, like giants sleeping under blankets of rock, rested on the hazy horizon.
"I want to see a dinosaur!" "Which one: the one that will brutally maul you or the one that will accidentally crush you beneath its feet?" "N-not all dinosaurs are like that!"
I hung the calendar on the wall.
On Sunday, Tom went hop-picking on the farm.
No things here.
What are you coming to do here?
Tom's favourite show is Gravity Falls.
Tom's favorite show is Gravity Falls.
Fox and cat playing together..
He is afraid of him.
Containment is long.
He only lived a short time, but he did so intensely.
Who's the guy that was killed on this hill?
Who's the man who was killed on this hill?
He lived in everyone's heart, and everyone who knew him was his friend; we love those we understand.
Recently there has been a lot of talk about remote teaching.
You yourself built that cottage.
You built that cottage yourself.
The cat likes to sleep next to me.
Melt the chocolate and mix it with the vanilla cream.
Our father likes to play tennis.
He built a big house.
I gave him some eggs I had brought with me.
He took a room at the hotel.
I saw a jackal.
In two years, I will graduate.
I will be back in two weeks.
I would think of you.
Containment weighs us down.
I know Tom will help.
I know that Tom will help.
I know Tom'll help.
I am joking!
I try to understand.
Solidarity is essential at this time.
The end of containment will be a relief for the whole world.
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the train.
What flavour of ice cream do you like best?
Netflix shoehorns homosexuality into every show.
Their fight ended in bed.
You're missing the whole point here.
Imperial expansion relied on the increased use of gunpowder.
Enlightenment philosophies applied new ways of understanding.
I won't repeat it.
This water bottle holds fluid ounces.
I want you to promise me you won't do it again.
They had go-carts at the mini golf course.
I was unable to complete high school, so I instead got a General Equivalency Diploma.
I used this workbench to construct a birdhouse.
The tennis racket was stringed with catgut.
He squeezed her arm.
The tuning note Ais equal to Hz.
We can't get cable out in the country, so we have satellite television.
Don't be such a sissy.
It freaked me out.
You're such a badass, aren't you?
The table in the diner had catsup, mustard, pepper, and salt.
A magician on the street did a trick with a playing card.
The theatre had a catwalk above the stage.
A yardstick is inches long
Beef stock was the base of the soup
The new album was released on CD-ROM.
With its many African residents, especially from Mali, Montreuil is sometimes called “Little Bamako.”
Inside a sprawling barn on a farm outside Cambridge, Wisconsin, Tina Hinchley tends to hundreds of cows as part of her daily chores.
The scarcity of some items in supermarkets has raised concerns about the food supply.
Bare shelves have more to do with logistics than how much food is being produced.
It takes time for the food industry to adjust output to meet sudden shifts in consumer behavior.
Duncan doesn't foresee long-term shortages of meat products on grocery shelves.
Dairy farmers across the country may have to reduce their herds to prevent flooding the marketplace with milk that can't be processed.
We are learning a new way of doing things.
Things are not the same as they were just a month ago.
Hinchley said the crisis has increased the awareness of many Americans of the source, and supply chain, of what they are eating.
"When I go to the grocery store, they're like, 'Wow! I never realized that behind this milk jug were all these other people involved in getting the milk from your farm to me,'" she said.
A Finnish bakery in Helsinki is creating cakes made in the shape of toilet paper rolls.
The toilet-paper-roll-shaped cakes were an instant hit.
The cakes became an instant hit on social media.
This would be the perfect cake for Tom.
Nature is slowly reasserting itself.
The park is home to a motley group of amphibians, a raft of different tree species, a dozen beehives and—grazing placidly in the distance—a flock of Brittany sheep, practicing ‘ecological management.’
A century ago, gypsum quarries sat here.
Barges transported the gypsum to factories, where it was transformed into material for construction and medical plasters.
Nature is taking back its rights.
A group of teens loudly flouts the distancing guidelines.
Many universities have moved to the pass/fail option.
Some people aren't so lucky.
A telescope’s sensitivity, or how much detail it can see, is directly related to the size of the mirror that collects light from the objects being observed.
NASA astronauts and psychologists have examined what human behaviors create a healthy culture for living and working remotely in small groups.
Tom tightened the screws.
Tom tightened all the screws.
Tom tightened the screw using a screwdriver.
Tom tightened the screw using a drill.
Tom tightened the screw using an electric drill.
NASA's Artemis missions will land American astronauts on the Moon by 2024.
The Venusian year (Earth days) is shorter than its day (Earth days). That means you can celebrate your birthday every day on Venus!
Time ticks by more slowly around a black hole.
Time passes more slowly around a black hole.
We’re lucky that Earth has just the right amount of gravity — enough so we don’t go flying away, but not so much that we can’t stand up and run around.
That's a face I've seen before.
Mary is East Westphalian. She's from the Weser Uplands.
Google Murray Bookchin.
That will teach us! As one might say, "There is nothing to fear more than panic."
He would rather lose his life than betray his organization.
Afraid of losing his life, he has to betray his organization.
He would rather betray his organization than lose his life.
Even though it costs his life, he still chooses to betray his organization.
He wastes his life, forgetting to betray his organization.
Her eyes are red.
Raspberries are my favourite fruit.
Call him again.
Fix it now.
Got there right away.
Sell me this car.
Yiddish is Yiddish because Hebrew was important to its original speakers.
The monkeys jump from branch to branch.
My blood ran cold.
She's a common woman.
They drank all day long.
Does he play baseball?
Does she play baseball?
I disagree with this decision.
I do not agree with this decision.
I'm thinking about learning Korean next semester.
Have you ever eaten a bat?
Rydstrom has done hair for years.
This week she planted her first vegetable garden.
Her husband has been able to work on his farm despite the shutdown.
Her son’s and daughter’s families, with four kids each, live nearby.
Her parents, who live in a neighboring country, are in good health.
Rydstrom said she misses the normal things she used to take for granted.
People need physical touch.
Her emergency fund is shrinking while the salon remains closed.
After months of testing, a European space telescope finally begins its work studying far-off planets.
The Susquehanna River cuts through the folds of the Valley-and-Ridge province of the Appalachian Mountains.
The Progress spacecraft is scheduled to launch from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
The 75P is at the launch pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome packed with nearly three tons of food, fuel and supplies.
Thirty years ago, on April 24, 1990, Hubble was carried aloft from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida aboard the space shuttle Discovery, along with a five-astronaut crew.
The telescope has opened a new eye onto the cosmos that has been transformative for our civilization.
Hubble is revolutionizing modern astronomy, not only for scientists, but also by taking the public on a wondrous journey of exploration and discovery.
Hubble's never-ending, breathtaking celestial snapshots provide a visual shorthand for Hubble's top scientific achievements.
Unlike any space telescope before it, Hubble made astronomy relevant, engaging and accessible for people of all ages.
The space telescope's iconic imagery has redefined our view of the universe and our place in time and space.
Hubble has given us stunning insights about the universe, from nearby planets to the farthest galaxies we have seen so far.
It was revolutionary to launch such a large telescope years ago, and this astronomy powerhouse is still delivering revolutionary science today.
Hubble's spectacular images have captured the imagination for decades, and will continue to inspire humanity for years to come.
Unencumbered by Earth's blurring atmosphere, the space observatory unveils the universe in unprecedented crystal-clear sharpness across a broad range of wavelengths, from ultraviolet to near-infrared light.
On April 24, 2020, the Hubble Space Telescope celebrates its 30th year in orbit by premiering a never-before-seen view of two beautiful nebulas named NGC and NGC 2014.
Hubble's top accomplishments include measuring the expansion and acceleration rate of the universe; finding that black holes are common among galaxies; characterizing the atmospheres of planets around other stars; monitoring weather changes on planets across our solar system; and looking back in time across 97% of the universe to chronicle the birth and evolution of stars and galaxies.
Hubble's top accomplishments include measuring the expansion and acceleration rate of the universe.
Hubble has yielded to date 1.million observations and provided data that astronomers around the world have used to write more than 17,peer-reviewed scientific publications.
Hubble's longevity can be attributed to five space shuttle servicing missions, from to 2009, in which astronauts upgraded the telescope with advanced instruments, new electronics and on-orbit repairs.
The venerable observatory, with its suite of cameras and other instruments, is expected to stay operational through the 2020s, in synergy with the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope.
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and ESA.
Expedition Commander Chris Cassidy of NASA continued working on a variety of science hardware throughout the International Space Station today.
In this picture, NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy holds a Parmigiana di Melanzane meal packet given to him by European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Luca Parmitano.
Hubble is in excellent health.
The Progress space freighter is packed with several tons of food, fuel and supplies.
Cassidy is a U.S. Navy SEAL and Captain.
NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy is on his third spaceflight and is in command of the orbiting lab.
The Electrostatic Levitation Furnace in the Japanese Kibo laboratory module heats samples to ultra-high temperatures to observe thermophysical properties difficult to measure in Earth’s gravity.
The two cosmonauts collaborated on a variety of Russian space research.
The two cosmonauts looked at microgravity’s effect on pain sensitivity and bone tissue.
The Soyuz spacecraft undocked from the International Space Station at 9:p.m. EDT, carrying three people back to Earth.
Trying to do stellar observations from Earth is like trying to do birdwatching from the bottom of a lake.
Although others had floated the idea of orbital telescopes, Spitzer’s paper entitled “Astronomical advantages of an extra-terrestrial observatory” described in detail the scientific advantages of placing a telescope in space.
The launch of the Hubble Space Telescope took place on April 24, 1990, during the STS-mission.
The Shuttle flew to an unusually high 380-mile orbit to ensure that Hubble would operate above as much of the Earth’s atmosphere as possible.
Tucked inside the payload bay of Space Shuttle Discovery, the 24,000-pound telescope carried five science instruments.
Once in orbit, Hawley grappled Hubble with the Shuttle’s robotic arm, carefully lifted it out of the payload bay.
After ensuring that the telescope’s two solar arrays and antennas had properly deployed, he released it to fly free.
Tom and Mary donned their spacesuits.
The astronauts donned their spacesuits.
McCandless and Sullivan had donned their spacesuits in preparation to conduct an Extra-Vehicular Activity (EVA) or spacewalk in case anything went wrong with the deployment.
As it turns out, their skills were not needed.
Tom's skills were not needed.
Mary's skills were not needed.
Your skills are not needed.
The initial images puzzled scientists, as they showed stars not as single well-focused points of light, but as blurred and fuzzy.
Investigators learned that the telescope’s primary mirror suffered from a production error, its edges too flat by 0.mm, resulting in an optical problem called spherical aberration.
NASA put in place a plan to fix the Hubble’s optical problems without resorting to actually repairing the mirror, which was an impossible task.
Since the magnitude of the spherical aberration was well-defined, engineers designed a set of mirrors that astronauts could place aboard Hubble during the previously planned first servicing mission.
The astronauts returned safely to Earth.
Hubble has fundamentally changed our understanding of the cosmos.
Thirty years after its launch, Hubble continues to provide us with stunning, detailed images of the universe.
Hubble played a major role in discovering dark energy.
In 1998, astronomers measured how fast the universe is expanding by using ground-based telescopes to study relatively nearby exploding stars, called supernovae.
The astronomers made the surprising discovery that the expansion of the universe is speeding up.
He talks about her too much.
Tom tried to start a fire by rubbing sticks together.
I said it wouldn't work.
This is outside of my wheelhouse.
Is it really groundbreaking to transform the people of poets and philosophers into a people of trash collectors?
It is written in Russian.
What can you tell about yourself?
He insisted that he was innocent.
He was captivated by her beauty.
You didn't understand it.
He must go.
Don't expect any tax relief.
Tom didn't know that he had the right to it.
You will understand everything in the end.
In the end, you will understand everything.
I'm not that religious.
Tom is eating biscuits, isn't he?
My sister has a twelve-year-old son.
You guys stink.
Y'all stink.
Excuse me, where are the lifts?
The cat wants to go out.
The cat wants out.
The cat wants to be let out.
My car needs fixed.
My car needs to be fixed.
My car needs fixing.
The dishes need done.
The dishes need to be done.
The dishes need to be washed.
Dishes need done.
Is he still sick?
He leaked secret information.
If everyone likes you, you're fake.
Don't be pretentious.
He's pretentious.
Sami is a fraud.
Sami is pretentious.
Tom is very pretentious.
Tom was very pretentious.
I'm a fraud.
You're being pretentious.
Tom is being pretentious.
You're all pretentious.
You're pretentious.
Tom certainly is pretentious.
Am I pretentious?
You fraud!
I hate pretentious people.
I hate charlatans.
Tom is pretentious.
You charlatan!
How long were you exposed to it?
The truce didn't last long.
The U.S State Department announced Thursday a $12.million aid package for Greenland along with plans to re-open a consulate in the capital, Nuuk.
You can't live like this forever.
"Cold cannot stop us, nor the heat of the sun discourage us," said one of our poets.
It's written in Russian.
Where did he go last Friday?
Tell her that I said hi.
Hi, it's me.
Hi, it's me, Tom.
I just stopped by to say hi.
Tom just stopped by to say "hi".
Tom took me out for lunch.
Mary took me out for lunch.
Tom took Mary out for lunch.
Tom said hi to Mary when she walked by.
Tom said hi to me when I walked by.
Hi, my name is Tom. What's yours?
Mary didn't even say hi to me.
For almost years, humans have lived and worked continuously aboard the International Space Station, advancing scientific knowledge and demonstrating new technologies, making research breakthroughs not possible on Earth.
This is called betrayal.
Children are returning to school again.
The grass won't grow.
When you see something, your visual system absorbs light—photons—and your brain processes the view into something you can understand and, perhaps, act upon.
Greenland's capital is Nuuk.
This one is a real simpleton, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is a real boob, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is a real boob. And he's a leader.
I thought it was just a story for children.
I thought this was just a story for children.
Humans have long extended their visual capabilities with instruments—such as telescopes—to enable them to see across distances that their own eyes could never possibly see.
Over time, science and technology developments have enabled us to create more-sensitive observing tools that far exceed the capabilities of relatively simple telescopes, providing the ability to see things we had never even dreamed of previously.
Our technologies can record phenomena well outside the realm of human visual abilities.
Our technologies can record phenomena well outside the realm of human visual abilities—things like heat and moisture, the measurement of which would have seemed magical to our forebears.
Unless an object has a temperature of absolute zero (−°C) it reflects, absorbs, and emits energy—called electromagnetic radiation—in ways that depend on its physical and chemical properties.
The amount of electromagnetic radiation an object emits depends primarily on its temperature.
The higher the temperature of an object, the faster its electrons vibrate and the shorter the peak wavelength of the emitted radiation.
The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of energy waves of various wavelengths—from the very short gamma and X-rays, through longer ultraviolet, visible, and infrared light, to microwaves and very long radio waves.
The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of traveling waves of energy that run from very short gamma and X-rays through ultraviolet light, visible light, microwaves, and out to long radio waves.
Visible light is the narrow band that human eyes are adapted to see.
With the emergence of manned space flight in the 1960s, Earth-orbiting cosmonauts and astronauts acted much like tourists by taking photos from the windows of their spacecraft.
Satellite instruments measure light emitted or reflected back to space at different wavelengths and create spectral reflectance curves.
Just like the picture on your television set, satellite images are made up of tiny squares.
The picture on your television set is made up of tiny squares.
He built a hut by the sea.
The picture on your television set is made up of tiny squares called pixels.
The picture on your computer monitor is made up of tiny squares.
He built a cabin on the beach.
These squares are called pixels—short for picture elements.
As they have done since the dawn of the space age, astronauts onboard the International Space Station take photographs of Earth at night.
I bought a portable music player.
I buy a portable music player.
Recently, a lot of people have started walking this way.
My mom did not see the young boy on the street.
A sign is enough for a scholar to understand us.
A sign is enough to be understood by a scholar.
A gesture is enough for a scholar to understand us.
I'm still a NEET.
A gesture is enough to be understood by a scholar.
I want a strawberry.
There is no need to explain to a sage what is expected of him.
Will you control who I talk to now?
There is no need to explain to a sage what we expect from him.
There is no need to explain to a scholar what we expect from him.
That bastard is your cousin.
We got here a while ago.
They wouldn't let us in.
We tried to come in through the kitchen.
They kicked us out.
I like that blue color.
What part of "not now" did you not understand?
I don't need a lot of time.
I'm here because I'm just as stubborn as you are.
One thing I will make very clear to you.
Two children are perched on a fence.
I'll give you a simple example.
I'll give you a good example.
He objects to our plan.
I'll present a simple example.
The weather forecast says it'll snow tomorrow.
Did any cute girls talk to you at the bar?
A person like Zhou Libo is only born once every hundred years.
Visiting one of Shanghai's recently developed parks and green spaces is also exciting!
He got in a car accident and injured his leg.
Today's even busier than normal.
I can't look at this painting without thinking of my mom.
A wooden bowl.
Desire for food and sex is part of human nature.
The best violins are made with wood from trees that have been struck by lightning.
He always feels he doesn't have enough time, but he doesn't have any idea where his time goes.
Is this car your friend's?
The school's tallest structure is that water tower.
I live in the French village of Scheibenhard; I would like to buy bread in Scheibenhardt on the German side, but Covid prevents me from doing so: then I'm sad.
What floor are we on?
Here is the mountain dweller, who will never govern, even though he is educated and competent.
What part of "not now" didn't you understand?
I can't take my eyes off you.
The woman died shortly after giving birth.
Many people around the world go to bed hungry every night.
Many people around the world experience food insecurity.
In the long run, a single-planet species will not survive .
If we humans want to survive for hundreds of thousands of millions of years, we must ultimately populate other planets.
I am from Afrin.
You look fantastic tonight.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your train.
It really is snowing!
Back when it still used to snow in winter, children would ride sledges, have snowball fights or build snowmen.
Back in the days when it snowed in winter, children would ride sledges, have snowball fights or build snowmen.
It snowed only at the beginning.
It hasn't snowed for weeks.
It didn't snow in January this year.
There wasn't any snow in January this year.
It snowed a lot on Friday.
There's no snow today.
We rarely get snow here.
The snow is falling softly.
Snowflakes are gently falling.
The snow falls softly.
The snow is coming down gently.
It's necessary to wait one year.
This plonk is surprisingly gluggable.
We don't get snow here very often.
We seldom get snow here.
That bloke doesn't let up!
That bloke won't let up!
She gave him a basket.
Summer is the time of school holidays.
Are you sure everything will go well?
She's mad about him.
If you look at welding for a long time, then after you can't look at anything for a long time.
"Abracadabra!" And three doves flew out of her hat.
"Abracadabra!" And three doves flew out of his hat.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs Euros and a bit.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs a bit over Euros.
They lost a lot.
Will the sun shine tomorrow?
Mary was losing hope.
Give it to me immediately.
I am not complaining about anything.
We would like to help him.
He waited long.
He was waiting long.
He is totally exhausted.
Waste is deposited in a landfill in the long term.
Defence alliances are an essential part of German security policy.
Where can I find a hotel?
Ellie reads five books a week.
This is meat.
While he was smoking a thick cigar, he talked about Greenland.
I have no idea who could have said that.
Tom looks at Maria with awe.
Improper use of the device voids the warranty.
May I put on your glasses?
Have you spent all your money already?
Agricultural subsidies are one of the most important and controversial budget items in the European Union.
She is a mathematician.
I must not leave my country.
We don't know today what tomorrow will bring.
I asked Maria to watch the children.
The 99th Esperanto World Congress will take place in Buenos Aires very soon.
He's the man you met last time.
He's the man you last met.
My parents aren't home a lot.
My hair is too long already, so I'm going for a haircut.
Are the cards dealt from left to right or vice versa?
This will happen whether we invest or not.
The rooms are small, but comfortable.
Did they make it?
I won't disappoint you anymore.
Their parents love you.
The Turks captured Buda by deception.
It looks like your watch is expensive.
Next time, you will shovel the snow!
This house meets my needs exactly.
What can you see in the picture?
Why am I supposed to go there?
A black dog is lying under the table.
There is a cat lying on the table.
The common mechanism for binding of the HMG-CoA to the lipoprotein is not thought to be relevant to testosterone action in other tissues.
Your watch looks very expensive.
All Jews were expelled from Buda after its recapture by Hungary.
She's a mathematician.
Hungarian and Turkish are very similar in terms of grammar.
Two cups of tea and three cups of coffee, please.
We'd like to help him.
I'm not complaining about anything.
I'm from Afrin.
Tom brought Mary's tea up to her room.
How did you become such a curmudgeon? You used to be so cheerful all the time.
The enemy somehow got word of the stratagem.
I used to be jealous.
Tom used to be jealous.
Mary used to be jealous.
He's a mathematician.
This anti-aging cream is very expensive.
Tom waited here for an hour.
There is no one like him.
There is no one like her.
There's no one like Tom.
There's no one like her.
There's no one like him.
There is no one like Tom.
I'll call you at tomorrow morning.
Those people are talking about love.
I hope that you become friends with Tom.
We were together for three months.
I will call back when I get to the bus station.
When I see you, I’ll have been studying, so I’ll be tired.
People are silly.
How did you meet?
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the CoVidvirus will have flabbergasted us, since no one expected it.
Stretch your feet according to your blanket.
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch you! "
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch you! " This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I am aware!"
Just tell me where you were.
Just put it down here.
Tom drives a bin lorry.
I can't answer your questions.
Do you even have balls?
A sudden illness ruined our vacation plans.
Fame is fleeting.
Did you go talk to Mary or what?
He was obviously mistaken.
Tom calls no man mister.
Tom is a Little Englander.
I would prefer to stay home rather than go out.
He said that he loves her.
My room is always tidy.
She was buying a newspaper.
I liked the music.
Tom fell asleep during the film.
Help yourself to more potato crisps.
I think we should be honest with each other.
Yesterday she got a letter from an old friend.
Watch while grazing!
Don't worry but question the gourd!
Don't worry but think about it!
Forget about anxiety, think about worries!
Is this blood?
It was a mind-bending experience.
The bus arrived on time.
I won't help you with that.
Nobody will miss you.
Don't worry, just be concerned!
Go as far as the crossroads and then turn right.
Tom attended an all-boys’ school.
Tom attends an all-boys’ school.
Mary attended an all-girls’ school.
Mary attends an all-girls’ school.
Wild animals around the world are feeling emboldened to venture out beyond their normal territories.
Yosemite National Park is famed for its waterfalls and giant sequoia trees.
Yosemite National Park is located in the western Sierra Nevada of Central California.
It's very quiet right now in the park.
Residents of a London suburb have been enjoying regular visits by a herd of friendly deer.
Wild boars have swarmed into people's gardens in Haifa.
In Tel Aviv, a pack of jackals has taken over a deserted park.
Fortunately, I did not go out: there is one of these rain showers!
Will you risk it?
We're stronger.
You guys are stronger than us.
You guys are stronger than we are.
You're stronger than us.
You're stronger than we are.
The winds blow contrary to what ships wish.
A man can never gain everything he hopes for: The winds blow contrary to what ships wish.
Another shot sounded ringing through the two-story home.
The monkey loves the one who strangles him.
He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
He's always trying to provoke an argument.
The cow mooed.
I earned good money.
Tom is looking for the children.
You harvest what you sow.
Alice is a member of The Satanic Temple.
We're an interfaith couple; I'm Jewish and my partner is a member of the Satanic Temple.
Are you playing volleyball?
Happy Ramadan.
Ramadan Mubarak.
It's totally right to say that Erdogan brings disease.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan brings disease and decay.
I will wear a shirt.
I am going to wear a shirt.
Nobody asked about your opinion.
Look at yourself.
Look at yourselves.
I can see your pencil.
Is it written in Finnish?
When will you finish?
Can you repair my computer? You're a programmer, after all.
Don't yell so loudly.
You've got to see it.
My parents are Chinese.
The nurse took the temperature.
The hotel is cozy.
It's an important question.
My name is Mojtaba.
I don't buy bread.
I've chosen.
Would you like to study Russian?
Whose documents are these?
Ilona had some sandwiches for breakfast.
We're going to be disappointed.
Mary is very scared.
We're not going to be disappointed.
I'll wear a shirt.
I'm going to wear a shirt.
We're not going to waste time.
I'd have another cup of coffee.
Stay away from this guy, as far away as possible.
Can we start being less formal with each other?
He didn't understand the joke at all.
Will you play with me?
I'm Mojtaba.
I have chosen.
Mary's very scared.
I would have another cup of coffee.
I'd have another cup of coffee if I were you.
I would have another cup of coffee if I were you.
Given enough time, we can do everything that they have requested.
That person is not a Bahun.
My sons are not at school.
Given enough time, we can do everything they've requested.
Is anyone here a cohen?
Is anyone here a kohen?
One of the few pleasant side effects of COVID-lockdowns has been the widely observed drop in air pollution because of reduced industrial and manufacturing production and auto emissions.
NOpollution triggers an estimated million asthma cases in children each year worldwide.
Oand PM2.contribute to between million and million annual premature deaths globally, from strokes, heart disease, lung disease and acute respiratory infections.
I will be driving myself.
Lothar Wieler is the head of the Robert Koch Institute, Germany's public research institute for disease control and prevention.
Germany’s national public health institute is urging the public to stay disciplined.
Speaking a news briefing Tuesday in Berlin, Robert Koch Institute chief Lothar Wieler told reporters the country's rate of coronavirus infections has crept up slightly since Germany eased lockdown restrictions on April to allow small businesses to open.
Wieler explained the so-called "R" factor - the rate of people infected by every person with COVID-- is about 1.0. It had been around 0.before restrictions were eased.
Wieler is urging Germans to continue to abide by social distancing guidance, wear masks while on public transportation or shopping, and to stay at home when possible.
Frank Messing owns a farm in Eltville, Germany.
More than alpacas and llamas live on the farm, working as therapy animals.
Messing developed a platform with a digital company where people can book the therapy animals for a video call.
The animals radiate calm, making them popular with therapy groups.
The animals radiate calm.
By 2025, Indonesia is expected to generate thousand tons of trash per day.
We all have our own ways of dealing with stress.
Tom is an opera singer.
Mary is an opera singer.
Spain has relaxed what was one of the world’s strictest lockdowns, allowing children to go outside Sunday for the first time in more than a month.
Under the relaxed measures, Spanish children under the age of can go for one-hour walks within one kilometer of their homes between the hours of a.m. and p.m.
Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl.
Unlike other Scandinavian and European nations, Sweden did not mandate a lockdown.
Laugh and the world laughs with you; cry, and you cry alone.
My sister, who I live with, knows a lot about cars.
I'll be driving myself.
A poor rifle, here it is: short barrel, huge trigger.
Those words reassured Tom.
When I come back to the country [who knows if this virus will leave us a respite or attack us again], ask me again to continue my translation into Kabyle of the French text that I already wrote on couscous; and that I titled "Awer ifuṛ, awer yeṛdem". No doubt I will use your lexical text wisely so that every Kabyle, woman and man, is proud of it. So, please don't forget!
This is their only choice.
Nobody came with me.
Can anyone do it?
You have to leave me alone.
This will solve nothing.
Let the chips fall where they may!
What will be will be!
Whatever happens!
Kevin blew out all the candles with one breath.
Anthony went to the shooting range to blow off some steam.
Joseph was raised in a polygamous family.
Michael's father was a bigamist.
I didn't know Catherine was a shemale.
David went on a Tinder date with an ugly fat girl.
- I couldn't find Leonard on Facebook. - Have you tried Grindr? You're more likely to find that sword swallower there.
Rachel is a lesbian, but she doesn't mind having sex with a man in the Amazon position.
Sarah loves pegging her husband Bernard.
I'm not falling for that.
I lied to them about my age.
I forgot to set the alarm for school.
I was late for class because the bus broke down.
You're gonna pay for what you did.
This is the best car money can buy.
What are your plans for the summer?
Where do you see yourself in years?
What was your finest hour?
What was your biggest regret in life?
What is your wildest dream?
What was your last dream about?
What would you choose for your last meal?
The company entered the market with an aggressive pricing strategy.
The company stormed the market with its innovative products.
The company laid off hundreds of its workers due to financial problems.
Lentils are a good substitute for ground beef.
Lentils are a good ground beef substitute.
It's very cheap to live off of rice and legumes.
Rochel lives off of rice and legumes.
Many of the people I went to school with are out of jobs.
I auditioned for a show and was cast as Rapunzel.
We all have our own ways of dealing with stress. Mine is singing opera.
Tom and Mary attended a virtual concert.
Tom drank a beer on the porch.
I find myself longing for a time back in North Carolina when my friends and I would drink beer on a porch and trade instruments while learning some basic old-time song.
It sounds like a Southern stereotype, but I swear it’s true.
My first purchase with my first paycheck from VOA in was an antique mandolin.
My mandolin teacher has continued our lessons over Zoom.
I am consistently in awe of the ways that people are continuing to do what they love while stuck in their houses.
A group of Dutch high school students arrived in Harlingen after sailing across the Atlantic.
A growing number of children of various ages in several European countries have been admitted to hospitals with high fever and heart issues. Some also have suffered from gastrointestinal problems, such as vomiting and diarrhea.
The children appear to be suffering from Kawasaki disease.
The cause of the illness is not clear.
U.S. crude prices plunged last week below $per barrel for the first time in history.
The latest selloff in U.S. crude came after the United States Oil Fund, a popular exchange-traded fund, announced it would sell all of its contracts for June.
Wildlife experts say increased sightings of snow leopards in Pakistan’s northern mountains are promising signs that the population of one of the world’s most endangered big cats is recovering in the area due to ongoing conservation efforts.
Around 8,snow leopards are believed to be left in the wild worldwide.
The nonprofit Baltistan Wildlife Conservation and Development Organization pioneered livestock insurance schemes for villagers to compensate farmers against livestock losses resulting from attacks by snow leopards to ensure the apex predators and humans coexist in harmony.
Earlier this month, BWCDO and The White Lion Foundation, TWLF — a UK-based global wildlife charity — jointly released exceptionally rare footage of a wild snow leopard calling in the Khaplu Valley in the wilds of Pakistan’s Karakoram mountains.
The adult male is exercising his vocal calls to establish territory and to let females know he is in the area.
Snow leopards are by nature elusive and solitary, only coming together to mate and raise their young.
The rare video was recorded in February with high-tech field cameras set up in the area to track and monitor the wild snow leopard population in the region.
BWCDO is also helping villagers build predator-proof corrals to reduce snow leopard attacks.
Researchers say the programs have also helped protect and conserve the population of the markhor, a large goat found in the high mountains of northern Pakistan.
This has allowed snow leopards to hunt markhor instead of descending to relatively low altitude villages to attack precious livestock and being killed in retaliation by angry villagers.
Over the last decade, an average of one snow leopard a day is believed to have been killed around the world.
While many snow leopards die at the hands of poachers and the illegal trade, more than half are killed in retaliation for attacks on local herders’ livestock.
The Himalayan lynx is listed as one of the world’s endangered animals.
The trekkers were buried alive by the avalanche.
Can it close the window?
Should they close the window?
Could you take a photo of us?
Which witch is which?
Don't give Tom any more sweets.
Jackson is my surname.
Tom doesn't want to become a lumberjack.
I'm taking a picture.
I am going to try something new.
Nobody told me about you waiting for me.
The spring season is normally very busy for Iowa real estate broker Georgia Weaver.
I would normally be showing three-to-five properties a day and writing several offers a day, and my staff, my agents, would be, too.
Weaver runs her own real estate firm with a staff of about six people in picturesque Storm Lake, Iowa, a city in the northwestern part of the state with an estimated population of 10,people.
The National Association of Realtors is confident the real estate market will bounce back.
It's planting season in Iowa right now.
It is estimated that 1.billion children worldwide are missing school.
"More and more children are going to be left without parents," said Jo Becker of Human Rights Watch.
As parents lose their employment, especially in developing countries, we often see more and more children pushed into child labor to try and help families just meet their basic needs.
The most vulnerable are feeling the effects first.
Many charities report that children living on the streets are struggling to find food and shelter amid the outbreak.
In rich countries, poorer children are missing out on school lunches, which is often their one big meal of the day.
We’ve seen from the Ebola crisis, for example, the HIV epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa, that when children are orphaned, they become much more vulnerable to sex trafficking, to child labor and other forms of exploitation.
Mary is offering free online yoga classes.
Nobody told me that you were waiting for me.
I would marry you without hesitation.
How long will we have to wear masks?
She's very weak.
There are clouds on the horizon.
Until children go back to school, many parents cannot return to work.
The U.N. said school meals are particularly vital for girls, especially those in poor countries, whose struggling parents often send them to school to get meals, allowing them to avoid domestic responsibilities or early marriage.
For millions of children around the world, the meal they get at school is the only meal they get in a day.
The experimental drug proved effective against the virus.
An experimental drug has proved effective against the virus.
"Where taxpayers’ money is used to rescue businesses, it must be creating green jobs and sustainable and inclusive growth," said the UN secretary general.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that the world must keep a close eye on climate protection.
What currency do you use in England?
She has many American friends.
Ours has come.
Tom is an Excel guru.
You need a shoulder you can cry on.
He's tired of waiting.
She's tired of waiting.
They're tired of waiting.
We were tired of waiting.
He was tired of waiting.
She was tired of waiting.
I was tired of waiting.
Tom was tired of waiting.
Spiders like to weave webs.
Tom is an Excel maven.
Papiamento is a beautiful language.
An ignorant person won't understand, and an impudent person won't listen.
She learned her children Russian.
It implies that you've had enough.
Don't take offence to that.
Don't take offense to that.
It implies you've had enough.
Many small businesses with limited cash reserves are teetering on the edge of financial ruin.
With each passing day, Benjamin grows more desperate for the funds to arrive.
We need help quickly.
In the Mexican state of Michoacan this year, the suspicious death of a prominent communal leader at the Monarch butterfly’s World Heritage reserve rocked the conservation world.
In this place of beauty, there is an underside of lawlessness, corruption and poverty that could threaten the sustainability of the biosphere.
The books here are mine.
Don't use the knife as a screwdriver.
When we arrived, the film had started.
Who advised you not to take the pills?
Sometimes the film score is too loud, which irritates me.
When a cat blinks slowly, it means they trust you.
When cats roll their ears back, it means they're scared and may try to defend themselves unless they're left alone.
I request permission to come aboard.
Permission to come aboard?
Tomorrow I'm going to meet my girlfriend's parents.
I like living.
Reading is easier than writing.
They're stronger than us.
They're stronger than we are.
I'm almost up.
I'm quite up.
You, I would say that you just want to blow me up.
You, I think you just want to screw me up.
You, I think you just want to klash me a cable.
She lacks courtesy.
Salas lacks courtesy.
Skura lacks courtesy.
Salas and Skura lack courtesy.
Skura and Lidya lack courtesy.
They lack courtesy.
She acted strangely.
I don't speak Italian; I just know a few words.
Salas acted strangely.
Salas and Skura acted strangely.
Skura and Lidya acted strangely.
They acted strangely.
Salas knew her.
Skura knew her.
Salas and Skura knew her.
Skura and Lidya knew her.
They knew her.
Salas withdrew completely.
Skura withdrew completely.
Salas and Skura withdrew completely.
Skura and Lidya withdrew completely.
They withdrew completely.
Salas looked exhausted.
Skura looked exhausted.
Salas and Skura looked exhausted.
Skura and Lidya looked exhausted.
They looked exhausted.
Salas worked alone.
Salas and Skura worked alone.
Skura and Lidya worked alone.
They worked alone.
She's playing the piano.
He worked badly.
Where did I leave the key?
I am going to finish this work within a month.
The bus is empty.
In diplomacy there are two kinds of problems: small ones and large ones. The small ones will go away by themselves and the large ones you will not be able to do anything about.
The most valuable lesson I’ve learned as a journalist is that everybody is interesting if you ask the right questions. If someone is dull or uninteresting, it’s on you.
I saw two cars parked here.
Language and culture cannot be separated.
I'm telling you.
Everyone wants it all!
Some snakes are ambush hunters.
Who are you staying with now?
When it rained, I didn't have money to buy bread. When I borrowed money, I was cheated.
He fell into the water with a splash.
We won't return to normalcy because normalcy was the problem.
We won't go back to normal because normal was the problem.
We won't go back to normality because normality was the problem.
When did she leave for the shops?
I went with her.
They named the foundling Tom.
Jörgen teaches Greek.
Joergen teaches Greek.
I went without him.
I went without her.
Will do.
People are waking up.
Put them in the corner.
I don't want to go uphill.
I didn't vote for them.
I don't understand their way of thinking.
People have no idea what is happening in reality.
Where did all the children disappear?
My younger brother is a tireless pussy hunter.
Tom is a real sex machine.
Not knowing what to do, I asked her for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for her advice.
Get a plate and help yourself.
When did she leave to go shopping?
When did she go shopping?
Let it flow.
Let it slide.
Just lay back and watch it like a play.
She's behaving weirdly.
There is no grammatical gender in Hungarian.
Unfortunately, the rest of the world doesn't know much about Hungarian literature.
Grammatical gender does not exist in Hungarian.
The Hungarian language has no grammatical gender.
In Hungarian there is no grammatical gender.
Hungarian has no grammatical gender.
Hungarian lacks grammatical gender.
Finnish has no articles and no grammatical gender.
He moved astonishingly fast.
He moved with astonishing rapidity.
His movements were astonishingly rapid.
His rapid movements astonished us.
His movements astonished us by their rapidity.
The rapidity of his movements was astonishing.
The rapidity with which he moved astonished us.
He pressed too hard on it, so it broke.
He astonished us by moving rapidly.
He astonished us by his rapid movements.
He leaned on it so much that it broke.
He astonished us by the rapidity of his movements.
John gave Mary the apple.
My uncle lent the joiner five shillings.
It cannot be denied that Newton was a great genius.
That Newton was a great genius cannot be denied.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Friday a ban on assault-style weapons following the slaying of people in the worst mass shooting in the country’s history.
These weapons were designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to kill the largest number of people in the shortest amount of time. There is no use and no place for such weapons in Canada.
There is no use and no place for such weapons in Canada.
Can he write?
Will he write?
Has he written?
Does he write?
I gave a shilling to the boy.
I gave the boy a shilling.
An asteroid just over two kilometers wide will pass close to earth Wednesday.
NASA scientists say the object poses no threat to the planet.
The asteroid will safely pass at a distance of 6.million kilometers from Earth.
The space agency considers objects that pass within million kilometers of our planet a “near-earth” object.
NASA maintains a planetary defense coordination office that keeps track of near-earth objects and plots their courses through space.
NASA’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies manager Paul Chodas say they believe they have found and tracked about 90% of the near-earth objects that are at least a kilometer wide and could pose a threat to earth.
NASA’s Planetary Defense officer, Lindley Johnson, says any object impacting Earth large enough to do significant damage is extremely rare — but inevitable.
Those plans range from sending a spacecraft to nudge the object onto a course safely away from Earth, or, if there was much less time, using nuclear weapons to break up or destroy the object.
The International Space Station received several tons of supplies this week from an unmanned craft.
The U.S. space agency NASA has awarded contracts to three American companies to develop spacecraft to land humans on the moon by 2024.
The companies will compete to design and develop systems for the agency’s Artemis program, which has the goal of landing men and women on the surface of the moon for the first time since the 1970s.
The project will also develop systems that could be used for people to explore the solar system.
Will she write?
Does she write?
My aunt lent the joiner five shillings.
Shall we stop it?
Who did you stay with?
Many children are hurrying to school.
It's time to talk about the birds and the bees.
Nothing in the world is flawless and perfect.
I start tomorrow at six.
Let them do their work.
I shall write to him tomorrow.
I will write to him tomorrow.
He will start at six.
He'll start at six.
Gold is shiny.
Not all shiny metals are gold.
The congress is to be held next year.
The conference is to be held next year.
Gold is a precious metal.
He may yet come.
He may come yet.
You mustn't walk there.
He is coming.
He is going to come.
He's going to come.
I cut my finger every day.
I cut my finger yesterday.
Our kings love their subjects.
He cuts his finger every day.
He cut his finger yesterday.
Our kings admire their subjects.
Adjectives in English are often used as adverbs with no change in form.
I, Tabnit, priest of Astarte, king of Sidon, son of Eshmunazar, priest of Astarte, king of Sidon, am lying in this sarcophagus.
I will always support you.
President Trump is often misunderstood.
Could anybody explain to me what is happening?
Can anybody explain to me what is going on?
They must be eliminated quickly.
They have to be eliminated quickly.
Who will they be replaced with?
What will it be replaced with?
I wish I had no children.
I wish I had no kids.
He goes out to drink beer every night
She is looking for a job, but her standards are too high.
Sit in the well and look at the sky.
I have to change trains in Madrid.
Today is Children's day on 1st of June.
We need six tickets, two of them are student tickets, here is our student identity card.
What are you saying? I cannot hear, the signal here is too bad.
I can crack the password of this box.
A language is used to communicate, if the words are used correctly, didn't write any incorrect words, and the sentence has no grammar mistakes, in my opinion, this is a correct sentence.
Have you ever been to Madrid?
I'll write him tomorrow.
Nothing in the world is absolutely perfect.
There's nothing absolutely perfect in the world.
I cannot tolerate his actions.
I have finished eating.
This essay is progressing a little bit slowly.
I am going to have a Chinese lesson
I need to have a meeting tomorrow.
We have sufficient evidence to prove this hypothesis.
I hate drinking soup.
Seashells were the legal tender in the Shang dynasty.
Dozens of people were killed in a train accident in London.
Caused a mess.
This country successfully detonated a atomic bomb.
With their cooperation, the mission had been successfully finished.
I need to kill him with a gun.
I am listening to them speaking.
I'll always support you.
I want to learn Chinese and Japanese.
I bought some clothes.
Can anybody explain to me what's going on?
Can anyone explain to me what's going on?
This is not Euros, it is American dollars
Who'll they be replaced with?
What'll it be replaced with?
I wish I didn't have any kids.
I wish I didn't have any children.
Can it!
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's great-uncle.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's gruncle.
Why should we obey them when they lie to us?
We don't have to obey them.
It is just our choice.
Tom only uses pink Himalayan salt.
Pufferfish can be lethal if not prepared properly.
It's just our choice.
In Japan, chefs must take a special exam to be allowed to prepare pufferfish.
Pufferfish is considered a delicacy in Japan.
There is no known antidote.
There is no known antidote for tetrodotoxin.
Gold is expensive.
The alchemists sought to produce gold from other substances, such as lead.
Pufferfish can be deadly.
Two melons from Hokkaido sold at auction for million yen in 2019.
Bonsais can live for hundreds of years.
A team of transatlantic scientists has discovered an Earth-size exoplanet orbiting in its star's habitable zone.
Out of all the exoplanets found by Kepler, this distant world – located light-years from Earth – is most similar to Earth in size and estimated temperature.
Going already?
We reached the end of the road.
Tom and Mary reached the end of the road.
This is the end of the road.
Messenger pigeons were used to send messages.
I sold my flat in Johannesburg and moved to Thailand.
Tom is a pigeon fancier.
Tom breeds racing pigeons.
Homing pigeons can find their way home, even over extremely long distances.
I don't like cabbage and broccoli.
Some researchers believe that the pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic field.
Research by Jon Hagstrum suggests that homing pigeons use low-frequency infrasound to find their way home.
Some researchers believe that pigeons rely on their sense of smell to find their way home.
The bar-tailed godwit migrates from Alaska to New Zealand.
I will become an American citizen.
Peace is on the horizont.
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.
Cher Ami was awarded the French Croix de guerre for having delivered several important messages during the war.
Julius Gustav Neubronner was German apothecary and inventor.
Neubronner fitted pigeons with miniature cameras.
In Medieval Europe, the possession of a dovecote was a symbol of status and power
I am going to watch a movie tonight.
Pigeons have become adapted to urban life.
How many pizzas do we have left?
How much does the Algerian government have to pay for that?
Peregrine falcons are birds of prey.
Peregrine falcons hunt pigeons.
Peregrine falcons can fly very fast.
He walked right into the middle of the class and gave the teacher flowers.
These bamboo straws are reusable.
Tom brought his own mug to the coffee shop.
She put together a very Algerian meal.
She cooked a very Algerian meal.
He was washing in a public washroom.
Single-use plastic mini-bottles will be banned in California hotels starting in 2023.
My brother was better than me at everything in school.
Did you keep the whey after you strained the yogurt?
When rennet is added, heated milk curdles, and the curds separate from the liquid whey.
Did you know that vinegar can be made from dates?
Have you ever eaten date nut bread?
Tunics must be quite comfortable.
How long does it take to put on a turban?
If the saddle is too heavy, the mule won't move.
The ancient Greeks often wore tunics.
One good thing about social distancing is that the eternal problem of holding the door open for people behind you has gone away.
A new conspiracy theory has emerged about aliens believed to be carriers of the recent coronavirus.
We want our language!
Cranes can lift heavy weights but stand on the ground. In contrast, cranes fly gracefully in the sky.
May I sit down after you do?
Now everything's OK.
The movers dragged a heavy closet into the pickup truck.
Tom's new hobby is catching and moving live moles.
She asked me if I'd seen his father.
Scapoli in Molise, Italy is known as the town of bagpipes.
Scapoli in Molise, Italy is known for its zampogne (bagpipes).
The town of Cocullo is known for the Festa dei Serpari, in which the patron saint's statue is transported in a procession covered with snakes .
Every May 1st, the town of Cocullo in Abruzzo celebrates the Festa dei Serpari or snake festival.
The festival honors San Domenico di Sora for miraculously removing snakes from farmers' fields in the 11th Century .
After the festival, the snakes are released back into the surrounding woods.
Kurdish food is very delicious and varied.
She has no one she can rely on.
He has no one he can rely on.
The cheese was delicious.
Tom is a cheesemaker.
The marriage was arranged by her father.
The marriage was arranged by her parents.
The marriage was arranged by Tom's parents.
The shepherd herded the sheep through the valley.
The goats are grazing.
Transhumance, the seasonal droving of livestock along migratory routes in the Mediterranean and in the Alps, was recognized as part of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
She helped his mother set the table.
The boy gave a rose to the girl.
The crowd roared in delight.
The witch turned the boy into a frog.
The fisherman caught a mermaid.
Don't break the spell.
Illegal immigration is a serious threat to all civilized countries.
Queer adoption is child abuse.
Bernie Sanders is a pathetic loser.
Shale gas is more expensive than conventional gas.
Why didn't you respond to my text?
I thought you'd never ask that question.
Nothing is better than proving people wrong.
Communism will prevail.
Communism will win.
Fuck Christmas!
Fuck America!
Burn the flag!
Fuck your guns!
Fuck the troops!
Communism will win!
Communism will prevail!
God is gay.
Homophobes shouldn't be allowed to raise children.
Why would anyone respond to your text?
God is canonically gender-fluid.
Tom wiped his butt with the American flag.
Tom punched Richard Spencer in the face.
Mary punched Richard Spencer in the face.
Borech punched Gavin McInnes in the face.
Rochel punched Boris Johnson in the face.
Rochel punched Nigel Farage in the face.
Cuddling with her cat, Esther plotted the revolution.
Will he stay long?
Men were deceivers ever.
Men were always deceivers.
All human beings have been, are, and always will be mortal.
I wish we knew.
It is time you went to bed.
How did you know I was a Dane?
How'd you know I was Danish?
All male human beings have been, are, and always will be deceitful.
It is customary to begin the teaching of grammar by dividing words into certain classes, generally called "parts of speech" — substantives, adjectives, verbs, etc. — and by giving definitions of these classes.
The division in the main goes back to the Greek and Latin grammarians with a few additions and modifications, but the definitions are very far from having attained the degree of exactitude found in Euclidean geometry.
Both are equally arbitrary.
Nouns name. Pronouns identify without naming.
The absent are always at fault.
On the other hand, is "poet" in "Browning the poet" an adjective?
You are a scoundrel.
Not a single one of these definitions is either exhaustive or cogent.
A pronoun is a word used in place of a noun, to indicate or enumerate persons or things without naming them.
To find out what particular class a given word belongs to, it is generally of little avail to look at one isolated form.
We teaed at the vicarage.
Show me the context, and I will tell you the meaning.
A dog is that animal which another dog will instinctively recognize as such.
You're a villager.
You're a scoundrel!
The government changed the constitution.
What is that under your nose?
The new child abuse law became final on May 1.
Transport with horse-drawn carriages became obsolete.
The government amended the constitution.
He's my best student.
The most important question for all Buddhists is how to understand birth and death completely.
There are no new cases of infection.
What is the sound of one hand not clapping?
Which translation of this book do you think is better? The French one or the English one?
It doesn't look so good.
They started to visit each other again.
As you can see, I am doing the opposite.
I want to drink tea or coffee.
Nobody can get along with him.
Yesterday, I had a fight with my younger brother.
Sorry, I'm offline.
What is the difference between Tom and Mary?
She is so heartless.
The weather is very changeable here.
She's far away.
To tell you the truth, I'm feeling lonely.
Where is Burkina Faso?
Her native language is Russian.
You should have waited for us.
The cat's name is Madonna.
Do you speak Slovene?
And what do you think now?
It's the first day of autumn.
He really wants to succeed.
I know who's in the picture.
All people are boring.
I owe him 5,yen.
It's an atheist organization.
He finally came back to England.
My mum cleared the table.
He likes Judi.
I borrowed a book from the library.
This dog looks like a horse.
What are you doing with the pig?
These neckties are for sale.
His only friend is alcohol.
The only buddy he has is alcohol.
The husband and wife resembled one another.
You should've waited for us.
Valentine's Day can go fuck itself!
What's the difference between Tom and Mary?
No one can get along with him.
As you can see, I'm doing the opposite.
The risk associated with advanced age childbirth has been considerably reduced compared to long time ago.
What's that under your nose?
The tie symbolizes a dog leash.
Tom is very scholastic.
I love melons.
Does this train go straight to Barcelona?
His older sister can't talk to you today.
Elephants are herbivores.
All I need is to get an eighty or better on the test, right? Easy!
My daughter is studying veterinary medicine at university as she is intending to become a veterinarian in the future.
At night, he becomes a masochist.
A plane passed over my head.
Please pass over the salt.
You are someone irreplaceable to me.
Tom is in his mid-twenties.
Tom is in his mid-forties.
Tom is in his mid-teen years.
Tom is in his mid-fifties.
Tom is in his mid-sixties.
Tom is in his mid-seventies.
I often see them together.
One of us is lying.
That was not exactly the truth.
She was enchantingly beautiful.
Mary is enchantingly beautiful.
The sorceress was enchantingly beautiful.
They're really scared.
She came back with three books.
Ilona ate sandwiches for breakfast.
She never laughs.
When I took a good look at the children standing on my porch, I knew they were the same kids that went missing the night before.
His wallet is empty.
Let me introduce you.
One night while patrolling the school, I saw a ghost.
If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.
A glass of beer, please.
Do you speak Low German?
Pedro doesn't speak Russian.
We talk a lot.
Shall we eat out on Friday?
I had a day off yesterday.
I am going shopping. Would you like me to buy you anything?
I won't miss Tom one bit.
I won't miss him one bit.
I won't miss her one bit.
Tom is watching the telly right now.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to eat sweets.
Mary is new to the village.
I'm going shopping. Would you like me to buy you anything?
Phoenician is very similar to Hebrew.
Punic is very similar to Hebrew.
She knows where I am.
He knows where I am.
They know where I am.
She knows where we are.
He knows where we are.
She knows where you are.
He knows where you are.
They know where you are.
They know where she is.
They know where he is.
They know where they are.
She knows where he is.
She knows where they are.
He knows where they are.
She knows where she is.
He knows where he is.
I don't know where she is.
Nobody knows where they are.
Does anyone know where she is?
Does anyone know where he is?
Does anyone know where they are?
Does she know where she is?
Does he know where he is?
Do they know where they are?
I find pangrams amusing.
I found the book I read yesterday very interesting.
If I go back to eat their indigestible stuff, let the poison take me away.
If I go back to their disastrous recipes, may the devil take me.
This ring is a memento from grandma.
A baby's cry is annoying.
There is nothing better than travelling while young.
I prefer Kafka's shorter works more than his longer ones.
Velvet worms get their name thanks to their soft, velvety skin.
Want it?
This is a lovely riverside promenade.
This is a lovely riverside esplanade.
If I eat their food again, may the devil take me.
They gave their baby a name derived from an ancient Babylonian word which meant "first light".
American teachers are sworn to fight against the truth of Time Cube.
How long is the Great Wall of China?
How many people died trying to cross the Berlin Wall?
The wall system on the southern border is very helpful for Border Patrol agents.
Donovan wants the country to return to its roots.
Bill made a DIY silencer for his rifle.
Naomi went to South Africa for lion hunting.
Arnold gets a huge thrill from fishing.
Don't take off your thong. I'll just pull it to the side. It turns me on wildly.
Laura and Jim love having sex in public places.
Some risks are worth taking.
Some experiences are worth having at least once in your life.
Some things never get old.
Some memories can never be forgotten.
Some dreams remain dreams forever.
Today, the dream of communism is over.
Communism is the equal distribution of poverty.
Communism and anarchism are the fruits of the same poisonous tree.
Hope is the pillar of life.
Failure is the pillar of success.
A child is the fruit of love.
Love is the pillar of marriage.
Marriage is between a man and a woman.
If there is light, there is hope.
Light prevails over darkness.
The family is the core of society.
Marriage is between a man and a man wearing a cape.
Capitalism is destroying the world.
Marriage should be abolished.
Marriage is a patriarchal institution.
The world is on the brink of destruction due to the greed of the people who own the means of production.
White Americans are so afraid of a more equitable society that they actually elected Donald Trump.
Nazis marched in Chicago with signs saying "Arbeit macht frei."
Privileged people prefer Nazism to communism because Nazism goes after those who are already powerless.
The rich and powerful love it when the powerless are blamed for society's problems.
Whenever someone blames immigrants for their problems, a millionaire opens a bottle of champagne.
Whenever someone blames George Soros for their problems, every other billionaire breathes a sigh of relief.
Right-wing politics is largely concerned with making the poor believe they have more in common with the rich than with other poor people.
Michelangelo was gay.
Where did you put the Hitachi wand?
My girlfriend is packing the vaporizer.
What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?
What's the difference between a witch and a sorceress?
My girlfriend's boyfriend started a new game of Diablo.
My girlfriend is a Satanist.
I don't believe in the supernatural, but I am fascinated by the literary God.
She doesn't believe in anything supernatural, but she is fascinated by the literary Satan.
My familiar is a unicorn.
We're almost out of pop.
The cat's lying next to me.
That cat's a trip.
It's too bad the cult of Astarte died out.
I went to pet the cat and she sneezed on me.
We're almost out of soda.
The appearances of things are deceiving.
Have you had your tea yet?
Have you had your dinner yet?
I ate up half of it.
Was the window closed?
Humans cannot live without oxygen.
Humans can't live without oxygen.
He felt convinced that Jonas was again the Jonas he had known a week ago, and not the Jonas of the intervening time.
There were days when Sophia was the old Sophia — the forbidding, difficult Sophia.
Anna was astounded by the contrast between the Titus of Sunday and the Titus of Monday.
The Grasmere before and after this outrage were two different vales.
Darius had known England before and after the repeal of the Corn Laws, and the difference between the two Englands was so strikingly dramatic to him that he desired no further change.
He is a bore.
He is tedious.
He's tedious.
You are a dear.
You're a dear.
You are dear to me.
On the contrary.
Arabic is a nice language.
I must buy it, but it is too expensive.
I have to buy it, but it is too expensive.
Nobody cares about my problems.
Au contraire.
Far from it.
I wasn't allowed to borrow it.
His cap was new.
His was a new cap.
The poor people loved her.
The poor loved her.
There were only two men.
There were only two.
One never knows.
He speaks.
He is eating the apple.
He's eating the apple.
He will eat the apple.
He'll eat the apple.
He has eaten the apple.
He's eaten the apple.
He plays.
He sings.
He sings a song.
He is singing a song.
He's singing a song.
Troy was a town.
Troy was a city.
Troy was a city in present-day Turkey.
He is able to sing.
He wants to sing.
Put your cap on.
Put your cap on your head.
He was in.
He was in the house.
Is the doctor in?
He'd been there before.
He fell down the steps.
He climbed up.
He ascended.
He descended.
He had been there before breakfast.
It was near one o'clock.
It was nearly one o'clock.
It was damn near one in the morning.
He walked past the door at half-past one.
He walked past.
He laughed for joy.
I believe your words.
I believe your word.
They have lived happily ever since.
They've lived happily ever since.
They have lived happily since their marriage.
They've lived happily since their marriage.
They have lived happily since they were married.
He and I are great friends.
She sang and danced.
Was it blue or green?
She sang and he danced.
He is mad, or I am much mistaken.
He and his wife are coming.
He is coming with his wife.
Why!
Fiddlesticks!
I like you nearly as well as her.
I like you nearly as well as she.
I like you nearly as well as she does.
I like you better than her.
I like you better than she.
I like you better than she does.
He happened to fall.
He fell accidentally.
It was damn near one.
I've hung the calendar on the wall.
Don't shit in your own nest.
Don't shit where you eat.
He speaks Hungarian.
She speaks Hungarian.
You're very dear to me.
I think you'd better change your profile picture.
He speaks Hungarian and she speaks German.
John gave Mary an apple.
That isn't work. That's fun.
Do cats really have nine lives?
A pallbearer carries the casket of the deceased at their funeral.
They are felling trees in the forest.
Sorry, I didn't mean to go off on a tangent.
My father used to make sloe wine.
It is a well-established tradition.
There is no proof.
What is going on? What happened?
What is a word?
When did she arrive?
She arrived yesterday.
I can see the dog.
He's running after the dog.
The dog is barking furiously.
The dog and the cat ran away.
I saw him run after the dog.
I prefer Keats's poems to Shelley's.
I bought it at the butcher's.
St. Paul's is a fine building.
I bought it cheap.
History has often redrawn the map of Europe.
The social divide between us is insurmountable.
The River Danube rises.
Is that person okay?
Hey, what are you going to tell your teacher at home tomorrow?
Hey, what do you plan to talk to the teacher about when you visit him tomorrow?
I wish you lots of bright stars and all the flowers you desire.
How dare you tell such a barefaced lie?
It's time to cook.
The words "qeṛṛeṭ" and "qeṛṛeḍ" have the same root as "qeṛṛiḍ": they refer to the frostbite of the fingers which could cause until their amputation.
We wish long life to those who bring the Kabyle language to life.
Slovenia is a beautiful country.
Bulgaria is a very beautiful country.
It has become a reality.
Colombia is a very beautiful country.
Colombia is a very pretty country.
It's become a reality.
"I thought you were from Slovakia." "I'm from Slovenia."
"I thought you were gluten-free, Esther." "No, I'm vegan."
My younger brother lives in Barcelona.
The exit is on the right.
What are words?
What are birds?
What is a bird?
The new coronavirus is very contagious.
The new coronavirus is extremely contagious.
Mary sees her boss as a father.
Mary views her boss as a father.
The children are believed to be suffering from Kawasaki disease.
Tom hates being rushed.
He bought that for us.
He bought it for us.
I like helping my grandparents in the garden.
Fathers in England are getting older.
"Do you believe in God?" "I believe in the infinite."
"Do you believe in God?" "I believe in the Eyn Sof."
A man was shooting from his balcony.
It isn't easy to get along with idiots. Sometimes it is even impossible.
Yesterday the river Inn attained its maximum height at Schärding.
The Sun has stirred.
Salas knew him.
Salas knew them.
I didn't want you to see me cry.
You don't know her.
Tom is always here in the mornings.
If the trials prove the vaccine is safe and effective, it could be ready for broad distribution by year’s end.
A new study led by scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory has found that a new strain of the novel coronavirus that is prevailing worldwide is spreading faster than earlier versions.
The new strain has rapidly infected many more people than the earlier iterations.
An infant manatee rescued off the coast of Florida over the weekend is being treated at Miami Seaquarium.
Owners of a private residence spotted the manatee along their dock.
The female calf is underweight at about kilograms.
Manatees, also known as sea cows, are large, aquatic and mostly herbivorous marine mammals.
Volunteers rescued an infant manatee off the coast of Florida.
Germany is in the process of loosening some social and economic restrictions it put in place in March to control the spread of the coronavirus.
Officials in Iceland say schools, hair salons, dental and other small businesses across the nation are reopening Monday after six weeks of lockdown and a steady drop in new COVID-cases.
Iceland confirmed its first case on Feb. and determined the virus was brought back from a ski resort in the Austrian Alps.
Southern and Mediterranean European countries attract millions of tourists like Nak and his wife each year.
One of the most popular camping destinations is France.
Dordogne, with castles, caves and historical sites, attracts more than three million tourists each year.
Amid the growing number of Zoom, Skype and other video interviews happening lately, a new form of entertainment has emerged: Judging the interior of other people's homes.
We'll find out. We just heard about it.
What happened should never, ever have happened.
Some people disagree with me and some people agree with me.
I forgot to write him.
I forgot to write her.
Tom went mute.
Tom has gone mute.
I have been wanting to go to Boston for over a year now.
This is my favorite place on Earth.
I have been to at least nine countries in the last year.
I have been to at least eight countries since I was born.
Where are your favorite places to go?
I like to eat chocolate mint ice cream.
Volcanoes are an amazing phenomenon.
This has been the best day of the year.
Last year I went to Boston.
I go to Boston every year on the same day.
I often go to Finland or Paris for vacations.
Tom is my favorite person.
Mary is my favorite person to be around when I'm sad.
I always liked going to the beach and swimming when I was younger.
Swimming is a wonderful pastime!
Sleet is falling.
He always gushes and doesn't finish his sentences.
He always talks too fast and doesn't finish his sentences.
It seems as if it will rain.
They can't stand it.
Unemployment has risen.
You didn't answer at all.
If the meter is a unit of measurement, is the word a unit of speech?
I'm sure you end up believing your own lies.
I'm teaching in the philology department.
Sometimes people use high heat to cauterize wounds.
It's estimated that the number of speakers in the world is between to million, being the second mother tongue most spoken after Mandarin Chinese, and the third if we count those who speak it as a second language.
The baby just made a very funny gurgle.
You swindled everyone, not the least, me.
The morning glory is an invasive plant that climbs over everything.
There are those who search for happiness in the moment.
Meow meow said the cat, woof woof replied the puppy and the little mouse squeaked discreetly.
I didn't sleep well at all.
He had every reason to do so.
Two hawks are perched on one branch.
He is a magnate.
It's sad that Tom is no longer with us.
I love to speak Esperanto.
Go to the left on the highway and follow it for a few meters.
Don't forget that credit is also money.
What are you going to do with your first payday?
Whenever I see that photo, I always think of my father.
It is the purest mercury.
What are you going to do when you turn 50?
Often, I like to think of happy memories.
Happy or sad, memories make up who you are.
A memory can be bittersweet.
I have been longing to go to Italy since I was sixteen.
I have been to seven different states in the U.S. just this year.
How many days is it until spring starts?
All of my friends are from Boston.
What is your favorite day of the year?
That was the worst idea you've ever had.
How many flowers can you pick in ten minutes?
How many apples can you pick in ten minutes?
What is the favorite day of your life?
How many chickens are in the chicken coop?
How many chickens did you buy?
How many cows did you sell yesterday?
This is not my best moment.
I found a beautiful crystal on the beach last year.
I wrote on the sand at the beach.
I love writing in the sand whenever I go to the beach.
The sunset is so beautiful tonight!
The sunrise fills me with excitement everyday!
I love to get up early in the morning.
I am a night owl and an early bird.
Some of my favorite things to do are cook, clean and read books.
I love learning other languages. Sometimes I learn at a time.
You are an awesome person!
What a lovely name!
How many dragonfruit did you buy from the store yesterday?
Lemongrass is an essential ingredient in Thai cooking.
Pad thai is my favorite food.
I love blueberry muffins and peanut butter on my waffles.
Coffee with cream and sugar is yummy.
I like to eat banana and peanut butter sandwiches.
I like to eat honey and peanut butter sandwiches.
I like to eat omelettes with dill pickles.
Where did you learn to speak Spanish?
Tom is a terrible person.
Why can't I remember your name?
The 1st day of spring is my favorite day of the year.
In spring you can plant radishes, spinach and lettuce.
I want to watch this film!
Without my glasses I can't see anything.
That girl is pretty!
That house, with the roof you can see from here, belongs to Mr. Baker.
Where is his book? It's on the table.
You know where we are?
I saw a huge octopus while scuba diving yesterday.
I will go to the beach tomorrow and look for seashells.
I love collecting seashells!
Have you tried to scream?
Forget this sad event.
Let's learn something new today.
Let's learn something, for example, a new language!
Let's learn languages!
Let's call it a day, shall we?
She threatened to kill Tom.
Babies are delivered by storks.
I like to ride horses.
Ken is a coin collector.
Lusia was twiddling her thumbs.
She always has her ducks in a row.
We don't have any petrol left.
Let's learn Hungarian.
Learn Hungarian.
I drink bitter coffee.
I'm drinking bitter coffee.
You'll break your neck.
Mary crossed the street.
Mary seemed sad.
It's just pie in the sky.
Mary got caught.
A cat always lands on its feet.
There is a hat underneath the bridge.
She added milk to her coffee.
The coffee is ready.
He who would catch fish must not mind getting wet.
It's hot in Africa.
I like riding horses.
They're two of a kind.
Let's talk frankly.
Can it be repeated?
Make sure that the door is closed.
Why do you consider it useless?
There's a hut under the bridge.
I always play football after school.
I always play soccer after school.
It's a shame life is so short.
The parents will be very happy.
The fathers will be very happy.
He's about to start.
Do you know the Bible?
Save water.
It's easy to upset him.
Yes, that's my dictionary.
Don't twist his words.
I've never read any books.
It was so boring I fell asleep.
No one can see her.
Nobody can see her.
No one can see it.
My parents were sitting under a tree.
Don't make me wait like this.
I've got to go somewhere, but I'll be right back.
Children like to watch TV.
This swallow's wings are broken.
Today I love you more than yesterday, but less than tomorrow.
How many Japanese cities do you know?
An image is worth more than a thousand words.
Do you remember which year it happened?
I've been studying Chinese for two years.
Many people don't like hospitals.
Tom works as an elephant trainer in a circus.
Stay put till I get to you.
Russian is not his native language.
I'll eat your orange.
Orangutans and chimpanzees are the primates that most closely resemble humans in shape and stature.
I'd very much like to leave.
Why isn't the lift working?
Why doesn't the lift work?
The kid picked up a little stone.
Linda is going to kill you.
All people will live in peace.
No more fake news.
They are paid for lying.
No more soup for me.
Why do you not believe it?
Why don't you believe that?
Everything is changing rapidly.
Why did you quit the job?
Who removed the cover?
He insisted that we sit down.
It will be warmer tomorrow.
How many children were rescued?
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
They always fight over little things.
Don't get agitated. It's nothing.
I don't take any responsibility at all.
Nobody can see it.
She flew away on wings of light.
The red fish is swimming lazily in the lake.
The fisherman caught sixteen trout and five salmon.
Whenever I see the clouds, I think of whipped cream.
The fisherman caught a purple jellyfish in his net.
The blue bird is perched on a branch, singing cheerfully.
The lion is stalking its prey.
Where are all the people going? Is there a fair?
Don't you understand that I hate spiders?!
What is your reason for soliciting a conversation with me?
Morning is my favorite time of the day.
Nighttime is my favorite time of the day.
The robin is looking for worms.
The sparrow is singing in the trees.
The woodpecker is pecking the tree trunk vigorously.
"What's that sound?" "It sounds like a woodpecker."
She is painting a beautiful picture of a swan.
It'll be warmer tomorrow.
We used to live there.
Gee! "Yours", then! So much the better for those who have eaten, the others just have to wait for a possible next service!
This song is nice.
Where is your most favorite place in the whole world?
What is it that we learned?
It's up to me to thank you.
Lycoris loves doing chemistry experiments.
Yuri is a member of an elite secret society.
Soraya can sing like a nightingale.
Sanyu has read over books in her lifetime.
Vanessa loves to knit hats, scarves, and mittens in rainbow colors.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
Sometimes things are best left unsaid.
Calysta loves to play soccer all day.
Alaire loves to read historical fiction.
Mohala can crochet amigurumi animals.
Shahina is an Arabic name meaning falcon.
Sarila loves to swim in the ocean, even though it's cold.
I love chemistry and soccer and learning languages!
We argued about the problem all night.
We already saw it.
Before you speak ill of people, look at yourself in the mirror.
My neighbors are very curious.
Tom is eating a peach.
I will call you at 3.
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?
If that's how it is, then there's no problem, right?
Without you, it won't be the same.
You should lose weight.
You need to shed some pounds.
Can I see your ID?
Mary has a lot of drawings to make.
It's already time to brush your teeth!
There's a small dog waiting at the door of a store.
I don't think it works.
Actually, I am working.
Tom got a computer virus while he was watching videos on dubious Internet sites.
She read novels.
She was reading novels.
It's very windy outside, but we'll still go out for a walk.
Dante is the greatest Italian poet.
The apple is yellow.
The apple is green.
Is it a coyote?
Is that a coyote?
Is that a camel?
Is this a bat?
This is a frog.
Are you a hands-on person?
ic
Ira called her wife.
Better to ask the way than go astray.
Dad's not home.
Where's everything?
He was chilled to the bone.
What is it we learned?
"Shouldn't you be working?" "Actually, I am working."
Actually, I'm working.
This is a carpet.
That's just an advertising trick.
It's naive to believe in that.
I have a feeling I'm being ignored.
He's eating too fast.
Is that a stegosaurus?
Is that a dragon?
It's a yellow apple.
I like apples' bittersweet taste.
He's a very good basketball player.
I think I want to go to Mars.
We'd better wait for the next bus.
She's my stepmother, not my mother.
His oldest daughter is married.
I am reading a book that is interesting.
I have just finished packing.
You can still stay here.
Tom said that he would consult a lawyer.
Tom took a nail technician course.
We need to reassess the situation.
One of them is an old man; he is now bedridden.
In the Hungarian language a word, title or piece of text is set apart using italics instead of quotation marks.
The gas tanks were punctured.
Huh, where did Tom go?
I'm a linguistics nerd.
Do you like it hot or cold?
I'd love to on a trip, but can't right now.
Light flows in through a gap in the curtain.
In the end, I can't grasp his true motive.
As the waves crashed against the cliff face beneath us, she began to talk.
When I crawled out from the mineshaft, I glanced at the sky and was immediately dumbstruck - two suns were cooking the desert dry of moisture.
After I finish work at pm, I take an hour-long walk on a wooded trail near my house.
I find it very calming to be surrounded by the thick, green foliage of trees, the vibrant colors of the springtime flowers, and the sounds of birds, frogs and rushing water from the swollen creeks.
After my walk, it’s back home to make dinner -- another therapeutic activity I enjoy immensely -- and then I park myself in front of the TV with my husband to watch a movie or a few episodes of a favorite television series.
We recently had an enjoyable get-together with our friends and neighbors in the alley behind our house.
There are things I miss while in lockdown: Dinners out with friends, going to the movies, and attending plays and concerts, for sure.
The hardest part is not seeing my son.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.
I miss seeing my mother.
I miss seeing my mother, who lives in an assisted living facility about a 10-minute walk from our house.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis, which also brings me some comfort.
It’s my mother’s wonderful attitude about life that has helped sustain my equilibrium during this time.
She’s English and grew up in London during World War II.
She survived the Blitz and then moved to Texas, where she met my Persian father in 1958.
My mother always said, “It’s not what happens to you in life that matters, it’s how you deal with it.”
She is a living example of that philosophy.
I read something on social media recently that really resonated with me.
Rather than count the days, we should make the days count.
I have been blessed with a good life since becoming an American citizen many decades ago.
Tom has been blessed with a good life since becoming a Canadian citizen many decades ago.
I am very aware how lucky I am.
I have a roof over my head, food in my fridge and people around who care about me.
What this pandemic has provided is an opportunity to reflect on these many blessings.
A team of European astronomers has discovered a black hole 1,light years from Earth, the closest yet found to our solar system.
Millennials in Asia say they are benefitting from remote working by using the extra hours to get more rest and pursue their hobbies.
Some Asian millennials also feel that working from home has liberated them from the constraints of a traditionally hierarchical, the-boss-always-knows-best type of work culture.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced Wednesday the German soccer league Bundesliga can resume playing later this month.
Seventy-five years ago this Friday, Nazi Germany surrendered to the Allies.
May 8, 1945, marked the start of new era in world history.
The surface of Mars is a challenging and inhospitable place.
The surface of Mars is a challenging and inhospitable place, especially for rovers.
A Story on Another Planet: On a faraway planet, there are two suns in the blue sky, Strong and Beauteous. A child asketh the mother, "Dearest mother, why are there two suns in the sky?" Saith the mother, "Oh, what kind of question is that? How many eyes hast thou? 'Tis two. How many hands hast thou? 'Tis two." The child respondeth, "But, mother, I have but one nose..."
About my conlang Vling, maybe I just like the word 'bog'. My other favourite English words are 'whirligig', 'tumbleweed', 'serendipity', 'gargoyle', 'jelly', 'storm', 'ambiance', 'steampunk', 'logogram', 'gazebo', and 'thistle'.
Tom said he would consult a lawyer.
She is the embodiment of this way of life.
She is the embodiment of that way of life.
This apple is green.
I have three brothers and four sisters.
The three friends live in the same apartment.
That's a Christmas tree.
This apple is yellow.
That apple is yellow.
I am reading an interesting book.
I'm reading a book that is interesting.
It is just a way to earn some money.
It is just a way of earning some money.
There are things that I want to do.
I am looking forward to going to the concert.
I am bored stiff.
They had better tell the truth.
Tom worked as a construction worker.
It has nothing to do with my work.
What else do you dislike?
This poem is about apples.
There are things I want to do.
They'd better tell the truth.
I learned to write with my left hand.
Continue where you left off.
You will be amazed.
The air is much cleaner now.
His life hangs in the balance.
There is a letter on the table.
There is a letter on the desk.
The last person is supposed to switch the light off.
Here's how Bernie can still win.
You'll be amazed.
There's a letter on the table.
There's a letter on the desk.
The last person is supposed to turn the light off.
The last person is supposed to turn off the light.
The path that will save us the journey is the one that we take directly.
Thomas does not know whether Maria will come tomorrow or not.
Jerk.
Please treat me well!
He speaks Hungarian with a German accent.
He speaks Yiddish with a German accent.
He speaks Esperanto with a German accent.
I am the one who is right.
I know I am right.
I'm the one who's right.
I know that I am right.
I wonder where he is.
"Someone can yell at you, maybe he's not your enemy; someone else can help you, without being a friend; when it's cow dung that covers you, you could at least be more discreet." This is what Muḥend-U-Yeḥya (MoḥYa) said, may he rest in peace, in the story he titled "The Bird".
We might have wished all people to take care of their onions, their religion, their intimate convictions, without bothering their neighbor, who may not want it. Let those who want to practice do so soberly. But if someone prevents you from chewing your own gum, then let him steam his couscous alone.
They need to fix the refrigerator.
She'll like this.
She'll like that.
It’s mid-rush hour, culinarily speaking, at Sapristi restaurant outside Paris.
Cooks are dicing onions, stirring sausage, slicing tuna in slender chunks, their work spare and clean.
Head chef Gilbert Benhouda ticks off the menu du jour: pasta with tuna and capers; sautéed chicken with mushrooms and parsley; roast sausage and potatoes.
That’s enough for three days.
Gastronomy is embedded in France's heritage.
Whether we work or not, we need to pay more than 200,euros in monthly charges.
General Claire Lee Chennault commanded the legendary Flying Tigers.
His mother is a noted medieval Chinese literature specialist.
His father is a Belgian-American physicist.
His mother is a noted medieval Chinese literature specialist, his father a Belgian-American physicist.
I wanted to be a geneticist for a while after Jurassic Park was made into a movie.
By age 14, Sikivie knew he wanted to be a musician.
Chennault landed on the covers of Life and Time magazines while commanding the Flying Tigers.
Sikivie’s parents acknowledge they struggled for years to accept their son’s determination to be a professional musician.
That changed when Sikivie told his parents that he had been accepted into the Juilliard School, the world-famous conservatory in New York.
Fiumicino International Airport in Rome is the first one in Europe to use "smart helmets" to check the temperature of travelers from a safe distance.
The helmets are equipped with portable thermal scanners.
“He sent us an email afterward saying it was more difficult to get into Juilliard than Harvard,” recalled his mother.
A view of the scan is transmitted to the visor inside the augmented reality helmet.
In the 20th century alone, more than million people died from smallpox until it was eradicated in in an effort led by the World Health Organization.
Observers agree the monumental achievement was made possible by global unity and cooperation, in which even the U.S. and Russia collaborated during the height of the Cold War.
What is your username on Facebook?
She's my doctor.
Salas is my doctor.
Skura is my doctor.
She saw a doctor.
Salas saw a doctor.
Skura saw a doctor.
Salas and Skura saw a doctor.
Skura and Silya saw a doctor.
They saw a doctor.
Salas needs to call a doctor.
Skura needs to call a doctor.
Salas and Skura need to call a doctor.
Skura and Silya need to call a doctor.
They need to call a doctor.
Salas asked the doctor about her.
Salas and Skura asked the doctor about her.
They asked the doctor about her.
Salas should go see a doctor.
Skura should go see a doctor.
Salas and Skura should go see a doctor.
Skura and Silya should go see a doctor.
They should go see a doctor.
Salas was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Skura was told by her doctor to remain in bed.
Salas and Skura were told by their doctor to remain in bed.
Skura and Silya were told by their doctor to remain in bed.
They were told by their doctor to remain in bed.
You refuse to go with us?
President Trump tells the truth to people.
That will help her.
That will help him.
I am vomiting.
I am dizzy.
I have heart disease.
I am scared.
Prayer is the path to peace.
She shouted when she saw the snake.
When do you wake up?
Please let me get back to you.
What time and where should I go?
You should quit smoking and drinking.
In the film "Forbidden Planet," there is a monster who comes from people's subconscious.
Take shelter first.
Freshly-picked boiled corn is sweet.
You need vitamins to have healthier minds.
You don't always understand.
We're not tired.
Her Sans Rival is pretty decent.
The blanket is green and gray.
Nestor is going to eat adobo.
Your hair is so long.
Leo is cooking meat.
It keeps getting hotter everyday.
Oh, it looks delicious!
The large flower is blue.
I commute almost everyday.
He took a picture of the beautiful scenery.
Totong wants to travel to outer space.
Do you pray every morning and every afternoon?
All they ever think of is money, money, money.
I will call you when I arrive at my destination.
There are many bats flying behind the castle.
He paused near Tom's chair.
Nestor ate adobo.
Which game would you like to play?
Your language seems so ancient.
Is everything settled?
Oswaldo is making suman (a type of Philippine rice cake).
Leo is cooking some peanuts.
Let's go to Mark's place.
Your way of thinking is truly western.
I think this is impossible.
I needed to do overtime yesterday.
He will be back after lunch.
The flower is on the table.
He lives in a mansion.
It's coconut.
I want Tom to have a copy of my novel.
She is studying Hawaiian.
Is your soup sour or salty?
Nestor is eating a steamed bun.
Whoever works for others forgets oneself.
This medicine is going to make you well.
He/she never becomes satisfied.
The shirt is green and orange.
That boy is sticking out his tongue at me.
The blanket is red and white.
There is a triangular mirror at that cafe over there.
The hat is green and blue.
His Tiramisu is delicious.
Leo is cooking eggs.
What are seen in movies and on TV are not trustworthy.
My wallet no longer has money.
It has been a while since I last sneezed.
I have cough.
He is having a heart attack.
He is drowning!
He is choking!
Teach me to be generous.
Teach me to serve.
I want to give without waiting for anything in return.
I would like to serve.
I want to love.
I cannot get used to having to get up at four every morning.
She beat me to it.
What's your Facebook username?
Donald Trump is a compulsive liar.
Call a nurse.
Take him to a doctor.
The car is on fire!
I am going to church.
Take him to the hospital immediately.
Take this three times a day.
Donald Trump is a pathological liar.
Smoking is also harmful to those around you.
Cease and desist!
I am in danger.
I am being abused.
I am starving.
We have no access to clean water.
She had a miscarriage.
We have no internet access.
They have no medicines.
We have no medicines.
The water is not safe to drink.
Cassava can be toxic.
That is poisonous.
Beware of the pufferfish, it's mostly poisonous.
Always have a fire extinguisher in your house.
Keep your house clean.
Wake up, sheeple!
The computer is broken again.
Feed the hungry.
Always be prepared.
I am allergic to peanuts.
I have food allergies.
I am lactose intolerant.
I am epileptic.
I need a wheelchair.
I am blind.
I am deaf.
I am deaf on one ear.
I am mute.
I am illiterate.
The things here are affordable.
Why should I do anything to help Tom?
Asshole.
I'm mute.
I can build you a house.
Tell me how John can be recognised.
I didn't come for it rained.
I will come when it will have stopped raining.
Come quickly, for he cannot talk anymore!
I can carry a bag of rice.
Can't you reach it?
Some it could not get inside.
This box can be opened for it isn't locked.
This paddy can be reaped already.
This mountain cannot be climbed from this side.
I know that you cannot be heard.
Can you plough?
Daniel pretends to be bad against Mary.
Let me pretend to forget.
I met many new friends.
The bottle isn't full.
Why are you alive?
On the 27th of Av we returned to our Law.
On the 17th of Elul the Romans were removed from Judah and Jerusalem.
Arsehole.
Do you remember anything at all?
I'll teach you to cook.
I'll teach you how to tie a tie.
Ask Jacob, the crane operator.
A sticky bird cannot fly.
I saw him steal, but I believed him when he swore by all his gods that he was innocent.
There is nothing to be worried about.
Hungarian is a member of the Finno-Ugric family of languages, and distantly related to Finnish and Estonian.
In the Athens suburb of Agia Parasksevi earlier this week, more than young Greeks defied social-distancing rules by buying take-away drinks from local pubs and turning the district's main square into a massive, open-air block party.
Police intervened, firing tear gas to disperse the crowds.
With the summer setting in and the weekend approaching, authorities fear parties may spread even further.
Police say they are considering deploying special negotiators to help disperse defiant crowds.
"I love you," said Totoro.
Tom and I are like two peas in a pod.
His name, I believe, was Tom.
Emiko is my friend.
A bird with tangled wings cannot fly.
Tom diced the onion.
Tom sliced the tuna.
Your hair is great, Mary. Who did it?
I'm South Korean.
I'm from South Korea.
Venus is a hot planet.
They didn't know where their cars were.
Tom was a prodigy.
Why don't you make yourself useful?
Since you're here, why don't you make yourself useful?
Why don't you make yourself useful and wash the dishes?
I saw a man with blue skin.
He was born with rough, gravel-like skin.
Mary is lucky to have been born with impeccably smooth skin.
I am cursed with really dry skin.
With beautiful skin like yours, you don't need any makeup.
Are you going to stand there all day?
The devotees witnessed the miracle with their own eyes.
In all my years as a priest, I have not witnessed a single miracle.
I did not believe in miracles until I witnessed the miracle of childbirth.
My father speaks better English than my mother.
I've never seen her before.
You agreed.
You were OK with it.
He is on a chair sitting.
He's bought me a clock.
He's bought me a watch.
When will you go back to the United States?
English isn't easy for me.
Don't judge others by the colour of their skin.
What will we do now, captain?
She gave her a present.
He wants a red car.
When you sleep do you dream in Esperanto too?
I've still got to take my pills.
It's very important to know that in a language exam we don't have to demonstrate that we know words, we have to demonstrate the ability to communicate.
Today is sunny.
Writing is a vocation because it is meant to serve.
Come back!
Can you translate this sentence into Hungarian?
You're invited, too.
I'm invited, too.
You can sing.
I would buy them if they weren't so expensive.
I miss my friend.
I miss my girlfriend.
After reading Mary's letter, Tom burst out crying.
After reading Mary's letter, Tom started crying.
You know how to sing.
We can sing.
Tom is a manchild.
In Marylebone, blacksmiths die at the rate of per thousand per annum, or above the mean of the male adults of the country in its entirety.
Not every language uses the same punctuation mark to mean the same thing.
This is a consular mission.
The concept of hypertext predates the World Wide Web.
HyperCard was an early implementation of hypertext.
Why don't we meet up and compare notes?
We'll have to compare notes and see what each of us has learned.
The dative case marks an indirect object.
Because of my post-traumatic stress disorder, I tend to dissociate when faced with a stressful situation.
In Arcaicam Esperantom, the ending -d marks an indirect object.
Everybody ignored me.
We both have almost missed the bus.
Tom was taken aback by the question.
Tom was taken aback by Mary's question.
Sometimes I forget to remember how really wonderful life can be.
Can you translate this sentence into Esperanto?
It was an angry hare.
It was the angry hare.
Haven't you had your dinner yet?
The swallows came back.
I am the one who usually washes the dishes.
I'm the one who usually washes the dishes.
Can't you understand it?
The child can walk.
You said OK.
What should we do after school?
I needed time to finish my picture.
The son resisted his father's will.
Children need love above all.
May I take a bite?
Why did you stop translating?
I got permission to translate her sentences.
Luckily, there is little crime in my town.
There is cake in the kitchen.
Let me be. I'm sleeping.
I was tired and I slept.
Are you going to just stand there all day?
Are you coming in, or are you going to stand there all day?
Are you coming in, or are you going to stand outside all day?
Mary felt self-conscious.
Don't leave him alone now.
There is a good museum in my city.
There is a good museum in my town.
First, you should've asked me.
Why did you agree to write this letter?
I'm a member of the Tribe of Levi.
Advanced Placement exams offer high school students an opportunity to take college-level courses, and often, to receive college credit for scoring well.
All exams around the world will be held at the same time, meaning that students in Asia will have to take exams in the middle of the night.
May is mental health awareness month.
In the three months since the beginning of the pandemic, demand for mental health resources has skyrocketed, according to the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), which reported 41% more calls and emails to their hotline from March to April compared to the same period in 2019.
Some callers are experiencing panic attacks when reaching us, and our volunteers help them work through the panic until they're able to talk about the issue.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but my car broke down in front of your house.
George found a treasure map in an old chest in the attic.
Emily built a treehouse in her garden.
Jack bought a hunting cabin in North Carolina.
Steve bought a ranch in Texas.
Texas is a very patriotic state.
The President signed a massive economic relief plan to counter the impact of the pandemic.
Let's make America great again.
The President visited the troops fighting against terrorism in Afghanistan.
The Iron Dome is a major game changer for counter-terrorism.
The Venezuelan crisis is destabilizing South America.
Pablo comes from some banana republic of a country.
Ahmad originally comes from some shithole of a country.
The Iranian Navy accidentally destroyed one of its ships in friendly fire during a naval exercise, killing at least 19.
The Chinese army is a paper tiger.
Russia sold Alaska to the United States in for $7.million.
Jason put salt instead of sugar in his coffee by accident.
Laura must have put sugar twice in my tea by mistake. It's like syrup.
James was a no-show at the event.
Fred turned his garage into a carpenter's workshop.
People with strange outfits were nancing around at the so-called Pride Parade.
People were carrying signs saying, "No men in women's bathrooms."
Gender-neutral toilets don't work for women.
HBis necessary for the safety and privacy of women and children.
Keep kids safe.
Keep women safe.
The plane made an emergency landing on the highway.
The plane exploded in midair.
Two asteroids collided in deep sapce.
Meteors explode when they reach the Earth's atmosphere.
Gretchen caught Walter checking out her butt.
Bruce caught Amber looking at his bulge.
It's dangerous to swim in open water.
It's dangerous to walk at night in the woods.
It's dangerous to go paragliding in windy conditions.
Once I thought I was wrong. Turns out I was mistaken.
I like to talk to my cat in Esperanto.
I like to speak Esperanto to my cat.
You are a very cuddly cat.
You're a very pettable cat.
You're the most pettable cat in the world.
Cisgender women often find themselves harassed by transphobic men who mistake them for trans women.
Panic over transgender bathroom use leads to cisgender women being harassed in public.
Twelve percent of American transgender people have been harassed in public restrooms.
One percent of American transgender people have been sexually assaulted in public restrooms.
One percent of American transgender people have been physically assaulted in public restrooms.
There is no serious threat to cisgender people from transgender bathroom access, only to transgender people from transphobic panic.
In the year alone, percent of American transgender people were sexually assaulted for being transgender.
In the year alone, percent of American transgender people were physically attacked for being transgender.
In the United States, there has never been a single case of a cisgender person being assaulted in a public restroom by a transgender person.
Donald Trump is the most unpopular president in the history of presidential polling.
Donald Trump's presidency has been a colossal failure and the survival of America is not guaranteed.
The damage done by Donald Trump to the American people and to the world will last for generations.
Donald Trump is a cancer on humanity.
Donald Trump is a plague upon humanity.
What in tarnation?
Are you just going to stand there and masticate in front of everyone?
The classroom erupted in laughter when the teacher told Tom to stop masticating in class.
This is all just a test of faith.
We will get through this.
Your story isn't over yet.
Giving thanks can make you happier.
I know it's easy for you.
Gratitude frees us from toxic emotions.
Are the shadow people afraid of us, too?
I saw the elves again.
The shadow people are spies from another dimension.
Bernie is an old fart.
Nobody wants an old fart commie running the country.
Donald Trump is suffering from dementia.
Donald Trump suffers from dementia.
Trump has ruined everything he has touched.
The world would be a better place if Donald Trump had been aborted.
Steven suffers from dyslexia.
Rebecca suffers from maladaptive daydreaming.
Donald Trump inherited at least million dollars from his father. His businesses have all been enormous failures. It's unknown how much of daddy's money, if any, he has left.
Donald Trump couldn't even manage to make money off of a casino.
The cat is now sleeping.
The cat's sleeping.
The cat is asleep.
The stegosaurus is sleeping.
The stegosaurus is sleeping now.
The stegosaurus is asleep.
Can you take care of the stegosaurus while I'm on vacation?
Tom didn't have money to buy a car.
I don't have time to come visit you.
I've never even been to England.
I hope he's safe.
He replied to me in Berber.
I'd like to surprise her.
Eating rice with chopsticks raises blood sugar less than eating with a spoon because it's more difficult and increases the time it takes to eat.
Mary doesn't like parsley at all.
Ines Ibbou is an Algerian tennis player.
Ines Ibbou is one of Africa's best tennis players.
Algerians are proud of Ines Ibbou.
Separatism and takfirism have no future in Algeria.
Fascist separatist and takfiri ideologies have no future in Algeria.
Algeria shall never be the land of racist separatist and takfiri ideologies.
Algeria is modern and civilized.
This separatist group is totally marginalized.
This separatist group has virtually no existence on the local political scene.
This separatist group is virtually unknown in Algeria.
I live in southern Algeria.
I live in a pretty rural area in Algeria.
My parents are in Algeria.
He had a regular Kabyle accent.
One day — it's like a miracle — it will disappear.
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA.
There's a theory that, in April, when it gets warm — historically, that has been able to kill the virus.
We could be at just one or two people over the next short period of time.
And again, when you have people, and the within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero, that's a pretty good job we've done.
No, I'm not concerned at all. No, we've done a great job with it.
She was proud of her father.
Just stay calm. It will go away.
Dogs are afraid of snakes.
Spring brings warm days and flowers that spark joy.
Mark the correct statement.
I'll talk about it with him again when he's back here.
I turned my computer back on.
Looks like the weather's going to be bad tomorrow.
I haven't seen this film yet.
Tom knows the town well.
He always complains about his manager.
I was abroad on a business trip.
Her mum is calling her.
Not every citizen of Russia is ethnically Russian.
Tom has to buy them abroad.
Come on Thursday, if you can.
She looks very tired.
I think I'm her type of guy.
They can sing.
They know how to sing.
Her maiden name is Pupkina.
Make it a rule to get up at six.
Make it a rule to get up at six o'clock.
I'll need his help.
What are you doing to them?
He agreed to come.
I've done fuck nothing today.
You're looking for a dictionary.
You're the new boss, aren't you?
You're the new manager, aren't you?
My dad is a darling of a man.
Well, I'll stop bothering you.
You won't make a mistake.
Which constellations do you see?
We have a Flemish Giant.
We have a Flemish Giant rabbit.
She was in the middle of mopping.
Karen asked to speak to the manager.
Pass me the key.
I woud like to change my appearance.
This is an astrolabe.
"Sleep is a beast one battles every night."
"When they say your pee is amber-colored, that means you're dehydrated."
It seemed as if the outside world would disappear every time Tom strummed his acoustic guitar.
Tom had a cut lip, a black eye, and a couple of teeth missing.
Scratching his armpit and giving his finger a whiff, Tom jolted away from his hand.
I remember as a kid, I once got scabies and almost scratched the skin off my back.
His nonchalant glances at the priceless paintings were like spitting in the face of the artists.
Tom scratched at his teeth and peered at the lumps of plaque between his nails.
It's like milking blood from a stone!
Princeton University has announced its first black valedictorian in the Ivy League school’s history.
Nicholas Johnson of Montreal, a financial engineering student, said he “appreciates the encouragement and support that Princeton has given” in developing his academic interests.
Nicholas cherishes the relationships he's created with his classmates most.
Along with his concentration in operations research and financial engineering, Johnson is also pursuing several certificates in applied and computational mathematics, statistics and machine learning, and applications of computing.
I love it when women are easy.
After graduating, Johnson plans to intern at D.E. Shaw Group this summer as a hybrid quantitative researcher.
After the summer he plans to attend Massachusetts Institute of Technology to continue his Ph.D. studies.
But friendships will be his favorite memories at Princeton.
Some of my favorite memories of my time at Princeton are memories of spending time with friends and classmates engaging in stimulating discussions.
We would often talk about our beliefs, the cultures and environment that we grew up in, and how we plan on contributing positively to the world in our own ways.
Climate scientists expect above-normal temperatures over the next three months, despite the absence of an El Nino, a natural phenomenon that tends to boost global temperatures.
In past years, record heat has occurred in El Nino years.
All the years subsequent to have been very warm without El Nino.
East Africa is experiencing record rainfall and flooding.
Some influencers become millionaires.
Some influencers become millionaires promoting fashion and beauty products.
My mother feeds the dog.
Influencers are paid to show off products.
Influencers are paid to promote products.
Influencers are paid to promote products, like beauty and fashion brands.
Influencers promote products by telling personal stories.
Tell me who your friends are and i tell you who you are.
"No pain, no gain," as they say.
I'm patching things up after Tanaka's mistake so it's only natural that I get a reward appropriate to my labours.
Did you like Rome?
Astrolabe is an elaborate inclinometer, and can be considered an analog calculator capable of working out several different kinds of problems in astronomy.
Astrolabe was used in classical antiquity, the Islamic Golden Age, the European Middle Ages and the Age of Discovery.
Every theatre has a cloakroom.
Aren't you afraid to be late?
He liked that game.
I think this book is boring.
I always kept my word.
God damn you!
I'm home because I didn't go to school.
There's nothing in her room.
You need to check in.
As far as I'm aware, the rumour is false.
My phone is easy to use.
Who is being noisy?
I bought a book here yesterday.
Who's making all that noise?
I'm Agent Toma.
Boston, please get out now and vote for Tom Jackson for Congress, a really big deal for our country!
Tom has tsundoku.
Can I pay by card?
Can I pay with a card?
There will be enough food for everyone.
There should be enough food for everybody.
I hope we have enough food for everyone.
Bees give us honey.
I'm going to come on Saturday.
O Sister... now only you are left to me.
Why aren't you talking to her?
I want to get up.
I'm trying to speak German.
Yes, that's exactly the point.
Two tickets to Minsk, please.
Order is a must.
It was a slap in the face for Italy.
Do you like Turkish cuisine?
They were far away.
He's ninety years old.
You understood it correctly.
He hasn't answered me yet.
She hasn't answered me yet.
Let's eat out on Friday, shall we?
What is freedom of panorama?
He's proud of his wife.
All that remains to me now is my daughter.
Pi is a transcendental number.
There are no countries of the world that have purple on their flag.
I have seven friends. What about you?
I'm a strong woman.
You and I are like-minded people, after all.
She'll dance.
She's going to dance.
That's why I didn't like Australia.
He hasn't gone mad.
You are responsible for the consequences.
She's proud of her wife.
Mary's proud of her wife.
Mary loves her wife.
Tom loves his husband.
You will have to do it anyway.
He is twice my age.
I cannot help myself.
The owl blames the sparrow for having too big a head.
They have a score to settle.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Why didn't you grab it before we left?
Who's last?
Pass me the coffee, please.
I asked him to sweep the floor.
I know how to count to ten thousand.
They logged his IP address.
People are very friendly here.
I've been studying genetics for years.
Can I talk to Bill?
Tom and I often play pool.
Do I talk too much?
He's always talking about himself.
"Bees give us honey." "Well, it's very kind of them."
Ass-kisser.
Tom was cast aside and forgotten.
I recognised her voice.
She hasn't gone mad.
Tingling numb the leg when you stay too long without moving.
A new comet that was discovered in April using data from an orbiting observatory may be visible to the naked eye in the coming weeks.
A newly discovered comet may be visible to the naked eye in the coming weeks.
The starry sky shines in the night over an avenue in Petersdorf, eastern Germany, Monday, April 29, 2020.
The comet was first spotted by amateur astronomer Michael Mattiazzo.
The instrument, known as the Solar Wind Anisotropies, or SWAN, maps the constantly outflowing solar wind in interplanetary space by focusing on a wavelength of ultraviolet light emitted by hydrogen atoms.
The new comet was picked up by the instrument because it is releasing huge amounts of water, about 1.tons per second.
The visibility of comets can be difficult to predict, especially as they get closer to the sun.
Comets start to disintegrate as they approach the sun.
Comets start to disintegrate as they approach the sun, and that disintegrating material may or may not form a "tail" that helps make the object more visible.
Interior Minister Horst Seehofer told reporters Germany had set the goal of free travel in Europe by mid-June and would open borders with France, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Austria by Saturday.
Five experienced surfers drowned when they went out in stormy weather off the coast of The Hague.
Foam generated by the rough seas made locating the victims difficult.
The lifeguard rescued Tom.
Tom was rescued by the lifeguard.
Tom was rescued by a lifeguard.
He described the current situation as apocalyptic.
Germany announced, after consultations with its neighbors, the opening of its borders with France, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Austria.
If you're not going to eat the food, then cover it!
Be careful about the aluminum foil covering the bottom of the plate, don't burn yourself!
I was wondering where this extra pair of chopsticks came from.
She feels bloated like a balloon.
She feels bloated, as if she'd been blown up like a balloon.
The maquis shrubland is thick.
Are you guys friends with them?
I've changed my profile picture.
I took the dog for a walk even though it was raining.
Nowadays, Tom carries a golf umbrella to keep social distancing, regardless of weather.
Who's the last in line?
I'm a raw foodist.
She has an ample bust.
He didn't come to the party yesterday.
I'll sing beautiful songs.
People appreciate clarity.
Do you know everything about your family?
They want a new phone.
Are you French or English?
Jean is eating your lemon.
Yes, me too.
My husband and I are best friends.
What a disgrace!
He showed me how to spell that word.
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Yes, me too."
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Yeah, me too."
Yeah, me too.
Mhm, me too.
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Mhm, me too."
You're going to be too cold with this dress.
Have an orange juice.
Jealousy is the death of love.
It was my turn to tidy up our room.
She lives in Buttfuck.
He lives in Buttfuck.
That place is in Buttfuck, Nowhere.
My friend lives in Buttfuck.
My friend lives in Buttfuck, Nowhere.
My friend lives in Buttfuck, Egypt.
I will come back, if you want.
We sell clothing in our store.
We sell everything.
I'm afraid of cockroaches.
Can we go there?
Mary would never do it.
How could you have started without me?
I cannot see your father.
"You farted?" "I'm sorry! I'm nervous!"
The rich are envious.
We listened to some French songs.
I invited my friends.
"Is that your wife?" "Ex wife."
"Kids?" "Four."
"Married?" "Divorced."
"Moroccan?" "Algerian."
"Salas." "Farid." "Nice to meet you."
"I don't eat pork." "Jew?" "Muslim."
"I don't drink wine." "Are you Jewish?" "No. I'm Muslim."
"Lebanese?" "No. Palestinian."
"Married." "Yes." "Kids?" "Four."
"Was that your girlfriend?" "No. It was my wife."
"Do you have a girlfriend?" "I'm married."
"Do you have a boyfriend?" "I'm married with kids."
"You're a very special friend." "You too."
"Can I tell you something?" "Sure." "I think I l... I mean... You're a very special friend." "You too."
My daugther is all I have in the world.
Take care of my daughter. She's all I have in the world.
So you speak Berber?
We should be happy in Algeria.
Does your father speak Berber?
A general can't cry in front of his men.
"Do generals cry?" "Yes, my son, but a general can't cry in front of his men."
What if they misinform you?
I love you so much, Dad.
"Your wife is pretty." "I don't like to discuss family matters with co-workers." "Oh, I'm so sorry."
What's playing at the cinema tonight?
I'm interested in Berber names.
He studies Berber etymology.
He wrote a thesis on Berber lexicography.
He writes articles on the Berber language.
"Do you love your father?" "More than anyone else in the world."
I had a very abusive father.
I'll help you with your Berber lessons.
When I lived in Italy, we would go to a little restaurant near our house.
"Who is that girl?" "She's Salas's daughter."
"Goodnight Dad." "Goodnight sweetheart."
She didn't use to like chocolate, but she does now.
He hung up the phone.
Come to speak Berber with us.
"I don't know." "You don't know anything, do you?"
I won't help you, unless you pay me for it.
If you want to talk to me, you'd better come back later.
"Who told you this?" "My wife."
"They're all yours." "Thank you."
I don't know when my birthday is.
What a terrible life you've had!
"I'm so sorry." "Sorry? What for?" "Please forgive me." "There is nothing to forgive."
I'm running as fast as I can.
I don't need your apologies.
Go get her right now.
This is the end, my son. Please forgive me.
"Salas." "Dad?" "This is the end, my son. Please forgive me."
What a wonderful present.
I like you just as you are.
What a lovely Kabyle dress!
Try the Kabyle dress on.
He has every right to be angry.
I have some bad news, sir. Your father has passed away and I am deeply sorry.
"It wasn't my fault." "Did I say that it was?"
"Now the money, please." "Yes, yes, of course!"
Where are you hiding? Come out immediately.
Free Bolivia!
My daughter is only four.
Am I really the only Canadian here?
He's peeling potatoes in the barracks.
My daughter is only four years old.
I had to pay his bills out of my own pocket.
"How did you learn Berber?" "My mom taught me."
"Can I watch TV with you?" "Yes, but you have to be very quiet."
"Can I come birdwatching with you?" "Yes, but you have to be very quiet." "OK."
I spent the day with family.
"It wasn't my fault." "Who said it was?"
You didn't do your job, therefore, I'm taking away your supper.
I swam in my pool.
We live near the sea.
The dosh won't be enough.
Did you walk for a long time?
I've invited my friends.
We're selling everything.
Jeanine Áñez is a racist, fascist dictator installed by a military coup.
Mary is a live wire.
Her Kabyle dress was dirty and torn.
We need to buy her a Kabyle dress.
Muslims bow down to God.
He could be Algerian.
I think he's an Algerian.
"You see that other flag?" "Yes." "It's the Algerian flag."
"What's an Algerian?" "It's a person from Algeria."
This is my first Ramadan in Germany.
How's Ramadan in Germany?
"What do you do with all these books?" "What type of question is this?"
How dare you accuse one of my guests of uncouth behavior?
Please don't argue. This is supposed to be a festive occasion.
"You speak Berber?" "Yes." "What a miracle!"
There will be no Internet for you today.
I believe that she is in Algeria.
Eat your pizza.
"Did you want to buy something?" "Yes, a Kabyle dress."
"What's this? It's delicious." "I don't know what they call it. Just eat it."
I forgot my umbrella on the train.
I'll send you a letter the very second I arrive in Algeria.
I haven't been a waiter all my life, you know.
"Where's the change?" "I bought some candy with it."
He can't even tell the difference between a duck and a giraffe.
The cab driver was Muslim.
Is this how you repay my generosity?
You're staying in your room tomorrow.
We don't economize on food in our school.
She named her doll Skura.
She wears her Kabyle dress every day.
Take this Kabyle dress and put it on.
Her father died in Algeria.
"You used to live in Algeria?" "Yes. I was born there."
You're not taking her to Algeria, are you?
Tom is an edgelord.
Shloyme wants to be a writer.
Solomon wants to be a writer.
Shlomo wants to be a writer.
I'm English.
Can you imagine? Indeed, the square root of minus one is 'i'.
Irrational numbers are not crazy; in short, they just can't be fractionized.
He is very shy.
You can always find an infinity more infinite than another infinity.
Omid is Bahá'í.
Omid is Baha'i.
Pushing a division by zero is tantamount to dropping reason.
Plank scale is incomprehensible in its minuteness.
My sled is white.
A scale measures weight.
Scales measure weight.
The International Day of Families is always celebrated on May 15.
He graduated in 1993.
She graduated in 2002.
It looks like a poll.
I'm steamed.
Shall we continue?
Stand up and try again.
I will not turn off my computer.
I'll attend a Polyglots Conference this month.
Is this turtle yours?
I would suggest the following change.
I need to practice my German.
I'm heating up some soup on the stove for you.
Eat a banana!
When it sounds, turn the stove off.
How does water turn into ice?
I only work on days with even-numbered dates.
I won't turn off my computer.
The walls are festooned with ivy.
Clap for that.
Women are better drivers than men. Yes, you can clap for that.
My father supports me financially.
It's a pity I'm not like him.
My dad bought a cow.
I like her body.
I like his body.
Tom has to answer Ken's letter.
What's two plus three?
Aren't you a wizard?
He was a communist under the previous system.
We should have come earlier.
We should've come earlier.
We should of come earlier.
I'll teach you a lesson.
Freedom for Palestine!
I learned a little bit of Berber but I have forgotten all of it.
You'll never guess in a million years what happened.
A lion has sharp teeth.
People love to talk. I don't.
Are you an Esperantist?
Tom tried to think of an excuse.
Tom didn't have time to think of an excuse.
It's an offer.
The street is lit.
He's famous as a prominent pianist.
You came home.
What did she write on the blackboard?
Sami is a compulsive liar.
What did he write on the blackboard?
What did you write on the blackboard?
I don't like you, you're a liar.
I speak Esperanto and Russian.
I hope it's not a problem.
He was persistent.
It's rained all night.
I didn't abandon my children.
Who works on Sunday evenings?
He greeted that woman.
We have a black and a white dog.
I lack patience.
You played the guitar.
Hello, my little kitty friend!
But now I understand that I'm nothing.
The girls are very busy.
That's a good joke.
Vika lent me a hundred rubles.
I'm in love with this website.
I recognized your voice.
Does anything hurt you?
How do you say it in Russian?
A tense is the way we speak about time.
There is very little difference between the auxiliary verbs.
You can speak about the future in the English language, and this is usually called the future tense. But many linguists (people who study languages) will tell you that the English language does not actually have a future tense.
When will it finally be over?
We gave him a watch.
The mutton was juicy.
Please speak a bit more slowly.
I don't feel my legs.
I don't feel my hands.
I don't feel qualified to discuss this subject.
This is outside my area of expertise.
This lies outside my area of expertise.
Tom is an egghead.
Dario is a communist.
Dario is a socialist.
Shloyme is an anarcho-syndicalist.
Dario is an anarcho-syndicalist.
Can you speak slower?
The colonel is innocent.
He slept where he stood.
Zarina keeps a diary in Esperanto.
Trump is a lout, because he talks and acts like a lout.
He's ready to go to Canada.
The village population has decreased.
Tom had to shoot.
We gave him a clock.
I was not a good father.
She closed her eyes and waited for death.
How amazing!
I'm going to get drunk tonight.
He was just sitting at the desk behind a loaded pistol and staring with empty eyes.
A lot of work can be avoided.
I haven't eaten anything since morning.
I like this sentence, too.
I like this phrase, too.
Free Israel!
How much do governments and media lie about coronavirus?
Freedom for Israel!
Trump is a thug, because he talks and acts like a thug.
I don't think you really know me.
A Japanese cargo spacecraft loaded with experiment hardware, supplies and spare parts is scheduled to launch from the Tanegashima Space Center in southern Japan to the International Space Station at 1:p.m. EDT Wednesday, May 20.
The JAXA-sponsored education-focused experiment known as THE SPACE FRONTIER STUDIO - KIBO enables new livestreaming capabilities on the station.
The new mission, called Dione after the ancient Greek goddess of the oracles, will carry four miniaturized instruments to study how Earth’s upper atmospheric layers react to the ever-changing flow of solar energy into the magnetosphere.
I'm going to eat my tea now.
Earth’s upper atmosphere is where most low-Earth-orbiting satellites reside, and their orbits are strongly affected by sudden density changes created by space weather.
“As more aspects of everyday lives depend on the predictable functioning of satellites in low-Earth orbit, the understanding and ability to forecast the impact of space weather on these assets has become a national security need,” said mission Principal Investigator Eftyhia Zesta.
Expedition Flight Engineer David Saint-Jacques of the Canadian Space Agency prepared the free-flying Astrobee robotic assistant for a mobility test inside the Kibo laboratory module.
Astrobee consists of three self-contained, free flying robots and a docking station inside the International Space Station.
Understanding how fires spread in space is vital for developing flame-resistant materials and fire prevention measures.
Scientists theorize that stars, planets and the molecules they contain represent less than five percent of the mass-energy content of the universe. The rest is dark energy and dark matter, which cannot be directly detected.
The cargo craft will carry more than four tons of supplies, water, spare parts and experiment hardware for the station crew, including six new lithium-ion batteries needed to complete an overall update of the station’s electrical system.
This will be the final flight of this class of resupply spacecraft, named “Kounotori” – the Japanese word for white stork.
In my heart of hearts I know it's true.
Space food has come a long way, but the menu aboard the space station has yet to earn four stars.
Astronauts who get bored with limited and repetitive choices may eat less and lose weight or develop other health problems.
During the week, crew members filled out questionnaires providing feedback about their food and beverage selections.
Physicists use ultracold atom facilities on Earth for a variety of experiments that probe the fundamental behaviors of atoms.
Chilling atoms to within one ten billionth of a degree above Kelvin causes them to slow down significantly, making them easier to study.
At those temperatures, some atoms can also form a fifth state of matter, called a Bose-Einstein condensate that does not exist in nature.
Bose-Einstein condensates provide a unique window into the strange world of quantum mechanics, which governs the universe at very small scales.
Nancy Grace Roman (1925-2018), NASA's first chief astronomer, is known as the 'Mother of Hubble.'
In a time when women were discouraged from studying math and science, Roman became a research astronomer and was instrumental in taking NASA's Hubble Space Telescope from an idea to reality and establishing NASA’s program of space-based astronomical observatories.
Tom pooped his pants.
Delta Scuti stars pulsate in interesting ways.
The patterns of those pulsations have so far defied understanding.
Astrobiology is the study of life’s origins on Earth and the potential for life in Universe.
Dozens of scientists at JPL created a ventilator called VITAL to help coronavirus patients.
What do your classmates think of taking online courses like this?
If you ask me, that's clearly the middle of the night!
It just kept on loading after I selected a watch face...
How's the village redevelopment coming along?
I am a human being, and I regard all of humanity as one family.
In the point (3, 5) on a two-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, is the abscissa and is the ordinate.
The community centre will be hosting a roller-skating night on Thursdays to raise money for a charitable cause.
For beginner credit cards, cashback is almost always better than other reward systems.
There are a lot of articulated buses on the road during rush hour to accomodate all the commuters.
The meandering curves of the river contrast sharply against the abrupt outcroppings of rock in this area.
I think you're angry!
The division of mankind into various reciprocally hostile nations and national religious communities is something I see as one of the greatest misfortunes, which must sooner or later disappear and whose disappearance I must accelerate to the best of my ability.
I think you're fuming!
I think you're on fire!
My dog is wagging her tail.
Whose little child is this? Where are his parents?
Whose seat is this?
I'm not attracted to you.
The new drug is proven to be safe and effective.
The President said that a coronavirus vaccine could come within months.
The President said he would mobilize the military to distribute the coronavirus vaccine when it becomes available.
The China-linked hackers are targeting the US vaccine research, as many countries are racing to develop a vaccine first.
Milton got a valid key for the program by serial fishing.
Our intelligence budget is higher than their entire GDP.
The police arrested Ezra in Brooklyn for hoarding Nmasks and selling them at inflated prices.
Douglas felt a strange bulge and was shocked when he slipped his hand into Wilma's skirt.
I suspect Kath still has the pillar and stones.
It's a guilty pleasure of Jack's to stalk Alice online.
Esther is a ruthless feminazi.
Becky is a hardcore homonazi.
Bernie is a complete non-starter.
The time machine went wrong and transported Mike to the dinosaur era.
Men with moustaches are more likely to make history.
Shave that dadgum beard off. You look like snackbarians.
Kevin's mother is in a rest home in Chicago.
Ted downloaded a game from Steam.
Alex stood in line for many hours to buy the new iPhone.
Ping has a cheap iPhone rip-off.
John is a certified Apple fanboy.
Roy and Linda did a try-not-to-laugh challenge.
Whose child is this?
Whose toys are these?
This is not the way I think.
She doesn't like children.
The sun melts the snow.
What's that you would like?
I like your free mindset.
And you, what would you like?
There is a hair in my mouth.
My best friend was friends with Salas.
He didn't really like her.
He didn't have problems with her.
He already hates her.
She's sweet and nice.
They became friends.
He stopped talking to us.
He totally ignored her.
He went weeks without talking to her.
My best friend and her have been friends for years.
He was so disrespectful and rude.
He was in class.
It was Berber class.
There was an assembly.
He was the first in line.
He was the last one to get in line.
Please stop pushing.
I'm all against bullying.
He was calling her names.
He was so disrespectful.
He was being rude to her.
He told the principal.
He just happened to be there.
He never pushed her.
He walked back to his desk.
He walked back to his chair.
The teacher was right there.
He didn't even talk to her.
He told the principal exactly what happened.
He's making stuff up so she can get in trouble.
He's gonna get suspended.
He wanted to rip her head off.
He did not push her.
Do you hate me that much?
I didn't know you hated me that much.
He doesn't even talk to her.
He borrowed a pencil.
He was talking to the principal.
He's making it up.
He almost got suspended.
He never got suspended.
He didn't get suspended.
He enjoyed the video.
Swallows twitter.
She allows her kids to climb on couches.
I don't pay any mind to that.
Whose toys are those?
When we speak, we don't actually use semicolons and full stops.
The gynecologist gave Silya a pelvic exam.
Roll up your left sleeve.
You're so stubborn!
He's the only one who understands my grief.
What do they want from Tom?
What does he want from her?
Do you know what Tom died of?
He's an Algerian health psychologist.
What's your favorite quote from that movie?
She was in a very bad car accident where she was thrown out of the car.
He was gifted as a child.
Palestinians feel totally powerless.
Palestinians are having their land taken from them.
It's a quarter after four.
How do you spot a liar?
How do you spot a lie?
He's being deceptive.
He's getting himself in trouble.
Algiers is full of flavor.
I live in Algeria's capital city, Algiers.
Why do you like Algiers?
This building is the glory of Algiers.
Algiers is my beloved city.
I have always wanted to visit Algiers.
Algiers survived the Second World War intact.
Algiers has some of Algeria's finest buildings.
He visits Algiers every summer.
Algiers has many beauty salons.
We named our ship "Agaraw" after the Berber word for ocean.
Our restaurant has been in Algiers since the 1940s.
My couscous was excellent.
He wasn't the only Algerian to end his days in this part of Europe.
My trip to Algiers was exciting.
There are no free bikes in Algiers.
This is banned in Algeria.
Who designed the Algiers opera house?
You may not stay here.
Darius is a socialist.
She laughed heartily.
English doesn't come easily to me.
He'll wash his hands.
Pain changes people.
Suffering changes people.
Give me your daughter.
She didn't go mad.
She didn't go crazy.
Farmers work in the fields.
I don't always understand what you say.
You haven't finished eating yet?
I am subsequently sending you two pictures.
Is it translated into Russian?
You left your car on this street.
I've worn glasses since the age of thirteen.
We want to visit Berlin as well.
How much time do I have to respond?
How much time do I have to answer?
Are you helping me?
Is my nose red?
My nose is red.
Your ears are red.
"It wasn't my fault." "Did I say it was?"
The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.
How can I ignore such intense pain?
You don't understand anything at all.
Please speak a little slower.
He is going to become a doctor.
He was first in line.
I tried both.
I bought both thоse and thоse.
I want both thоse and thоse.
What do you think? Which ones should we take? I like both those and those.
Both those and those are correct.
In the third week, Mary enters the park, sits on the same bench, and reads the same book.
Tom didn't even thank us for what we did. Talk about rude!
Donald Trump is a cancer upon humanity.
Donald Trump is a cancer upon this earth.
Climate deniers are a cancer upon this earth.
Don't lose these sheets of paper!
She's in a meeting right now.
It's better to warm it up on the stove than to microwave it.
The mangoes are ripe; do you want to try them in a bit?
If you dip this meatball in the ketchup, will the taste clash?
When the rice cooker is done with the rice, unplug it for me.
Stop thief, stop thief!
Oh, you did your brows, didn't you?
The table is long.
Do you find my class funny?
What do you find so amusing about that?
He picks his nose, then serves you food.
"I remember, as if it was yesterday, the locusts that ravaged our vines; from east to west, they were rushing; our community couldn't take it anymore ...", sang Idir in his song "Cfiɣ".
The Volstead Act, better known as the Prohibition, which became the law of the land in 1920, made it a crime to manufacture, sell or transport alcohol.
The drive to outlaw demon rum in the U.S. began in the 1850s.
Churchwomen howled that whiskey was turning men into drunkards and barflies.
Drink leads to violence and poverty and destroys families.
Saloons known as speakeasies cropped up by the hundreds in large cities.
Big overcoats and high boots suddenly became fashionable because they could easily conceal flasks, giving birth to the term “bootlegger.”
People started walking with canes because the hollow ones could be filled with whiskey.
The two political parties are irreconcilable foes.
Many of the bootleggers who owned speakeasies and bought and sold whiskey were deeply involved in organized crime.
The number of criminals involved in bootlegging outnumbered the federal agents who tried to enforce the law.
Hoover was a dry. Franklin Roosevelt was a wet, and when he won the presidential election over Hoover, it was only a matter of time before Prohibition was finished.
The 21st Amendment overturned the 18th, and drinking became legal again in the U.S. in December 1933.
You can go to jail for that.
You could go to jail for that.
Experts predict that real estate prices may decline and not recover for years.
While unemployment climbs to the highest rate in the United States since the Great Depression of the 1930s, experts predict that real estate prices may decline and not recover for years.
We know that over million people have lost their employment over just the last five, six weeks or so.
But for young people and others who have maintained good financial standing, the market may afford a unique opportunity to buy their first homes.
Nusbaum and her husband have been furloughed from their jobs, meaning they maintain their health insurance and the promise of eventually going back to work, though they do not have an income now.
Our mortgage payment is actually less than our rent payment that we were making.
Their parents helped them with their down payment.
Tom's and Mary's parents helped them with their down payment.
Millennials are often criticized and stereotyped for not buying homes or following other social norms of their parents’ generations.
There's no way that we're going to be able to get approved for a loan.
There were a lot of anxieties around, like, are we going to be able to have movers help us move?
"Our original plan was to just have friends and family come over and help us move our belongings and that became … not an option," she said.
Many young home buyers prefer urban areas to the suburbs where they grew up.
Older teachers and staff members are at a higher risk of serious illness if they get the virus.
The jobs report released last week by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics showed the U.S. has lost 20.million jobs in the one-month period ending in mid-April, a stunning figure without precedent in the country’s economic history.
Across the U.S., artisanal and specialty cheesemakers are facing devastating business losses.
Why are things so hard sometimes?
This is really sad.
Tom's health deteriorated.
Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his wife.
Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his beloved wife, Mary.
Do you like set honey?
I like everything about him.
I like everything about her.
Why won't you talk to her?
Why won't you talk to him?
That's not a very persuasive argument.
I'm Palestinian.
It's John's apple.
He invited her up to his room, ostensibly to look at his stamp collection.
Cadmium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Cd. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Calcium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Ca. It is a member of the alkaline earth metal group.
Carbon is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol C. It is a member of the nonmetal group.
A cation is a positively charged ion, with more protons than electrons, while an anion is negatively charged, with more electrons than protons.
A chemical reaction is a chemical change in which reactants form one or more new products.
A chemical symbol is one- or two-letter representation of a chemical element (e.g., H, Al).
Chirality or chiral describes a nonsuperimposable mirror image, like left and right hands. Usually in chemistry the term is used to describe a pair of molecules that have the same formulas, but form a pair of structures.
Chromium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Cr. It is a member of the transition metals group.
A closed system is a thermodynamic system in which mass is conserved within the system, but energy can freely enter or exit.
Copper is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Cu. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Curium is a radioactive metal with element symbol Cm and atomic number 96.
A displacement reaction is a chemical reaction in which the cation or anion of one reactant is replaced by one from another reactant.
An electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit (e.g. a semiconductor, an electrolyte, a vacuum or air).
An electrolysis is a passage of direct current through an ion-conducting solution, producing a chemical change at the electrodes.
An electrolytic cell is a type of electrochemical cell in which the flow of electric energy from an external source enables a redox reaction.
An electron is a stable negatively charged subatomic particle.
Electrum is a natural alloy of gold and silver.
An enzyme is a protein that functions as a catalyst for a chemical reaction.
Erbium is element atomic number on the periodic table.
Europium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Eu. It is a member of the lanthanide group.
Gallium is a chemical element with the symbol Ga and atomic number 31.
Helium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol He. It is a member of the noble gases group.
Holmium is a rare earth metal with element symbol Ho and atomic number 67.
Hydrogen is an element with atomic number and symbol H.
Iridium is an element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Ir. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Iron is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Fe. It is a member of the transition metals group.
An isolated system is a thermodynamic system that can't exchange energy or matter outside of the system.
Isotopes are atoms that have the same number of protons, but different numbers of neutrons and thus different atomic weight values.
Keratin is one of a family of fibrous structural proteins known as scleroproteins.
Keratin is a fibrous protein produced by chordates. It may be found in hair, skin, claws, and wool.
Krypton is an element on the periodic table with symbol Kr.
Law of Conservation of Energy is a law that states energy can neither be created nor destroyed, although it may change from one form into another.
Law of Chemical Equilibrium is an expression of the relationship between the concentration of reactants and products of a chemical reaction mixture at equilibrium.
Iodine is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol I. It is a member of the halogen group.
Meitnerium is a radioactive transition metal with element symbol Mt and atomic number 109.
Einsteinium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Es. It is a member of the actinide group.
Lutetium is a rare earth metal with element symbol Lu and atomic number 71.
I already tried a couple of times.
I have received a letter from Boston.
Did you find the murderer?
Have you found the killer?
My uncle and aunt live in France.
I like that you see the positive side in everything.
"Tom's better at cooking than me." "Everybody's better at cooking than you."
Lithium is an alkali metal with atomic number and element symbol Li.
Magnesium is the name for the chemical element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Mg. Magnesium is an alkaline earth metal.
Manganese is a chemical element with atomic number and element symbol Mn.
Methanethiol is an organic sulfur compound containing an alkyl or aryl group and a thiol group.
Mercury is a transition metal with element symbol Hg and atomic number Hg.
A metalloid is a type of chemical element which has properties in between, or that are a mixture of, those of metals and nonmetals.
A metalloid is an element with properties intermediate between those of metals and nonmetals (e.g., silicon).
Mendelevium is a synthetic element with the symbol Md and atomic number 101.
They are entering the lift.
Methyl is a functional group containing a carbon bonded to three hydrogen atoms, -CH3.
They are entering into the elevator.
In chemistry, the molar mass of a chemical compound is defined as the mass of a sample of that compound divided by the amount of substance in that sample, measured in moles.
She's afraid of dogs.
You're on.
I'll buy both that one and this one.
Please give me that one.
Please give me this one and those three.
I'll buy both those and these.
I'll buy both this one and that one.
I'll buy both these and those.
I like both that one and this one.
I like both this one and that one.
I like both these and those.
I like both those and these.
I like all of these.
He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!
Nothing beats the taste of freshly-baked bread.
I don't need anyone but you.
She looked after her sick father.
Try watching TV less.
You don't have the appearance of a thief.
Can you close the door, please?
Don't let anyone in or out!
He hit my head.
I filled in a questionnaire.
I call it the super duper missile.
Since the start of the coronavirus pandemic, millions of people around the world say they are having intense, realistic COVID-related dreams.
He isn't so old as my brother.
Forums and websites dedicated to people sharing their scary dreams have prompted scientists and psychologists to look closer at this development.
Are you talking about work?
It is the first time that I have seen anything like that.
I am moving houses next month.
Society can change.
Humanity can change.
Are USB drives outdated?
Everybody is talking about Cloud Computing.
What does it really mean to "flatten the curve"?
We need everyone's cooperation for this to work.
It always seems impossible, until it isn't.
Aim high.
Help, she fainted!
How long does it take for flaxseed to lower cholesterol?
We value quality.
I want both this one and that one.
I want both that one and this one.
I want both those and these.
I want both these and those.
I know that they're peers, but not relatives.
Tom has problems communicating with his peers.
Children imitate their peers rather than their parents.
Tom is different from his peers.
What distinguishes Tom from his peers?
What makes Tom different from others his age?
In this store, we have a wide variety of books.
When is he getting married?
Can you recall the accident?
Throw away the garbage.
Magnets are confusing.
What matters is experience.
He is very much afraid of dogs.
Mary was rescued by a lifeguard.
Stop pulling goofy faces.
Maria is very shy.
Replacing the word "Jewish" with "Zionist" doesn't make theories of Jewish world domination less antisemitic.
Mary was rescued by a handsome lifeguard.
This is a totally American approach.
What else do you know about me?
What do you actually know about me?
This is what fascists actually believe.
Are you going far?
This is what antisemites actually believe.
Neodymium is a rare earth metal with element symbol Nd and atomic number 60.
Bring me that cap.
Elizabeth killed him.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat. They might notice it and come after us.
Tinfoil hats were invented by the CIA to discredit conspiracy theorists.
Conspiracy theories are a CIA conspiracy to keep the world proletariat from rising up against capitalism.
I'm not fluent in Nazi.
Across the world, neo-fascists attempt to use the legitimate cause of anti-Zionism as a shield for their antisemitism.
Turn on your brains!
Turn on your brain!
If you know Hungarian and Hungarian history, you can think like a Hungarian.
My family passed through Hungary during our endless wandering.
Neon is a noble gas with element symbol Ne and atomic number 10.
Nobelium is an actinide with element symbol No and atomic number 102.
Did you eat garlic?
Tom is on national TV complaining about being silenced.
Tom is on the radio complaining about being silenced.
Tom is on YouTube complaining about being silenced.
The media is openly controlled by an Australian-American Christian.
Organic chemistry is a branch of chemistry that studies the structure, properties and reactions of organic compounds, which contain carbon in covalent bonding.
Osmium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Os. It is a member of the transition metal group.
The world's most powerful media empire is fiercely supportive of politicians who claim to be persecuted by "the media."
An oxyanion is an anion that contains the element oxygen.
Oxygen is the chemical element with the symbol O and atomic number 8.
Did you give her my message?
The city hall is very old.
I'm going back to my place on foot.
This size is too small for you.
Palladium is a transition metal with element symbol Pd and atomic number 46.
Radium is the name for the element with atomic number and is represented by the symbol Ra. It is a member of the alkaline earth metals group.
At its core, Tatoeba is a large database of example sentences translated into several languages. But as a whole, it is much more than that.
I don't want to gain weight.
I don't want to get fat.
May is International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia.
Italians will be able to return to bars, restaurants and beauty salons.
Italians can travel within their regions starting Monday.
Sunbathers swarmed beaches across the country.
Pirates attacked a British-flagged oil tanker off the coast of Yemen.
Six gunmen in two separate speedboats sped toward the tanker about kilometers off Yemen in the Gulf of Aden.
Armed guards aboard the boat returned fire, disabling one of the speedboats.
A spokesman for Stolt Tankers says their vessel suffered only minor damage and no one on board was hurt.
It is unclear if any of the pirates were hurt or where they were from.
Maritime security experts say this was the ninth incident of piracy at sea in the Gulf of Aden this year.
Stop, passersby will notice us.
Fuck both of you.
Can you teach me how to do somersaults?
Scientists are putting an herbal remedy from Madagascar, purported to cure COVID-19, to the test.
Researchers at Germany’s Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces, in Potsdam, are collaborating with a U.S. company, ArtemiLife, to test an extract from the plant Artemisia annua to determine its effectiveness in speeding recovery from the virus.
“We are working with two independent laboratories to ensure the highest possible quality and exclude any bias in the results,” Peter Seeberger, lead researcher, told VOA in an email response.
Denis Chopera, a virologist working in South Africa, said that, since there are no side effects, the herb can’t cause harm, but people shouldn’t presume it is a miracle cure.
Tom is not an enemy.
Tom is not an enemy. He's a friend.
Tom's face lit up when he saw Mary.
I can't believe he said "yes."
I can't believe she said "yes."
I can't believe Tom said "yes."
I can't believe he said "no."
I can't believe Tom said "no."
Tom attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom cut the ribbon.
Tom cut the ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
Tom cut the ribbon with a pair of large scissors.
Tom rented a pair of giant scissors for the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom cut the bright red ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
The mayor cut the bright red ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
I'd be happy to show you.
How about somersaults?
What's wrong with my clothes?
What's wrong with what I'm wearing?
All adults were children first.
What did we learn?
I put myself within reach.
Play a happy song.
Can you play a happy song?
Tom played a happy song on his guitar.
Tom sat on the edge of the sofa.
Tom sat on the edge of his chair.
Did you plan this?
Tom took out his guitar.
It was a matter of life and death for me.
Tom packed the car.
Tom has a raspy voice.
Tom went to the farmer's market.
Tom and Mary went to the farmer's market.
Tom said hello to his neighbor.
Tom said hello to his neighbour.
Tom bought a condominium.
Tom wore a brightly coloured ski outfit.
Mary wore a brightly colored ski outfit.
I don't know whether I could get used to that.
I don't know whether I could get used to that or not.
Why do people kiss each other?
Tom put his guitar back in its case.
Mary wore a brightly colored outfit.
Tom asked the store attendant for help.
Mary wore a brightly colored dress.
Tom wore a brightly colored outfit.
Tom and Mary rented a movie.
Tom rented a movie.
Tom rented a movie from the video store.
Tom rented a movie from the video rental store.
Screw both of you.
Fuck both of you!
Screw both of you!
To Hell with both of you!
I just had a terrible dream.
Tom wore a brightly colored dress.
Tom dressed up as a witch.
Mary doesn't care how Tom dresses.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian priestess.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom dresses.
Mary didn't approve of the way Tom dressed.
Tom designs dresses.
Tom rarely wears dresses.
Tom bought several dresses.
Tom likes blue dresses.
Tom was dressed in leather.
Tom was dressed in lycra.
Tom took off his dress.
Tom wore an orange dress.
Tom often wears blue dresses.
Tom wore a beautiful dress.
Tom was dressed to kill.
Tom wore a flowered dress.
Tom wore a white dress.
Tom was wearing a dress.
Tom wore a red dress.
Tom wore a simple dress.
Tom bought a new dress.
Tom wore a long dress.
Tom wore an eyecatching dress.
Tom made this dress himself.
These magic wands are edible.
Which cell phone are you using right now?
I bought a book online.
This test is too easy.
Tom taught Mary how to play the guitar.
He's a cheat.
You're not using the cell phone she got you last year?
What drink mix are you adding to the water?
Nobody chose their parents nor where they were born.
It's the dog I gave to you as a gift.
It's the first time I've heard that kind of viewpoint; it's comforting.
The child falls asleep while eating.
My aunt and uncle live in France.
You will wash the potatoes.
I didn't notice that it was already so late.
He visited London.
They will eat your bread.
The men are tired.
Can you lend it to them?
Professional translators translate my sentences to Russian.
Do you want one or two?
We will not drive tomorrow.
What colour are my eyes?
The open doors of the greenhouse let in the smells of the greenery and the scents of the tropics.
I want to discuss the price with you.
He ran a hundred metres in twelve seconds.
What is the @ sign called?
Is it OK if I close the door?
Don't you think you're wasting your time playing so many video games?
He won the public speaking contest.
She won the public speaking contest.
If you're sick, then go see the doctor!
I won't leave you when you need me, like he did.
Which brand do you like better?
She is a gentle girl.
He discovered America.
That was quite a show!
I'm feeling blue.
Maria is a nineteen-year-old Spanish girl.
Things are heating up.
He's still laughing.
You won't be mistaken.
He's speaking German to me.
Grasshoppers chirp.
The grasshoppers are chirping.
The sentence is in Russian.
You're 50.
He wants you to come.
Mary can sing.
Mary knows how to sing.
It's just past seven.
Mum, why am I an idiot?
Mom, why am I an idiot?
Does your wife like to wear make-up?
Does your husband like to wear make-up?
You're the life of the party.
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.
Always be prepared for the worst.
Always be prepared for the worst, that's the motto of the people called preppers.
Preppers stock up on food and necessities and build shelters.
Tom felt vindicated.
Tom and Mary bought a bunker.
Tom and Mary live inside a bunker.
A bunker won't protect you from viruses.
A boa is very dangerous, and an elephant is very bulky.
You have too many pairs of shoes.
I have to get up at six.
This swimsuit is on sale.
How did you get to school?
It was a really nice lullaby.
She's a German singer, but she sang in English.
I met him in the city centre.
I met him downtown.
I met him in the town centre.
I was fired without warning.
This skirt is inexpensive.
This skirt is cheap.
I flew a starship to the other side of the galaxy.
I flew a starship to the other galaxy.
I have a gold ring and another that is silver.
I like starships.
"STEMM" stands for science, technology, engineering, mathematics and medicine.
I'm singing in the rain.
Starship can be silver or gold.
Tom thinks he's socially awesome.
You mustn't enter.
The men are crazy.
Men are crazy.
My sister doesn't have a higher education.
Sometimes the end justifies the means.
You don't care about me at all.
The coin is made of gold.
I can't hide my feelings anymore.
Those who practice medicine provide health care.
He's not a war hero. He's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK? I hate to tell you.
I think the world would unite if I were the leader of the United States.
You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever.
The woman has officially divorced her husband.
If you're in the White House, who wants to take a vacation? You're in the White House! What's better than the White House? Why these vacations?
I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
He didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
She didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Silya didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Salas and Silya didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Silya and Lidya didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
They didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Skura is a doctor and an author.
Salas and Skura are doctors and authors.
Skura and Lidya are doctors and authors.
They are doctors and authors.
Skura didn't want to be a lawyer or a doctor.
Salas and Skura didn't want to be lawyers or doctors.
Skura and Lidya didn't want to be lawyers or doctors.
They didn't want to be lawyers or doctors.
Skura ran to fetch the doctor.
Salas and Skura ran to fetch the doctor.
Skura and Lidya ran to fetch the doctor.
Are those artificial flowers?
They ran to fetch the doctor.
Give my regards to grandpa.
It's getting quite late.
I need one more ticket to Boston.
I see no problems here.
You're so many, and I'm but one.
He brought a good video camera.
We came to the conclusion he was right.
An important part of the healthcare system are nurses who provide care to the sick and comfort patients' family.
I cut ties with him.
I resent the dentist who hurt my teeth.
Everything went without a hitch.
This surgeon can literally open your heart.
They are addicted to alcohol.
I'm a very stable genius.
The most effective athletic trainers are those who cause the most pain.
At breakfast, I ate bread and butter and drank coffee.
In our family all siblings were born with the help of an old male midwife.
My baby's wet nurse is also my family's dietitian.
In our country psychotherapists can rightly prescribe drugs while psychologists can't.
Chiropractic is a massage technique to put the vertebrae back in the right position, but it is not part of medicine itself.
Go ahead, try to convince me.
Dad used to always make this kind of lemonade for you.
You'll need to file your taxes by the end of May.
When we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
I've heard the call. I believe God wants me to run for President.
Rarely is the question asked: Are — is our children learning?
If you're a single mother with two children — which is the toughest job in America, as far as I'm concerned — you're working hard to put food on your family.
What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher.
The soup is really very hot indeed.
As soon as you swipe on your cell phone, you'll see this group of stuff.
Thomas was watching it out of the corner of his eye.
How did they climb down?
What's the capital of Hungary?
Tom is a WASP.
My grandmother's family came from Újpest.
They're alcoholics.
They are alcoholics.
We came to the conclusion that he was right.
They all came by bike.
The cleaning man came yesterday.
Some students passed the exam, but others didn't.
Some students passed the exam, but others failed.
Some students passed the exam, but others did not.
They came back last Wednesday.
You're an alcoholic.
You are an alcoholic.
I promise you, I will not be taking very long vacations, if I take them at all. There's no time for vacations. We're not going to be big on vacations.
You've been hearing me say it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. It's true. Now I don't care.
Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. Right? He was a bad guy, really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn't read them the rights — they didn't talk, they were a terrorist, it was over.
Xi is a great gentleman. He's now president for life. President for life. And he's great. And look, he was able to do that. I think it's great. Maybe we'll have to give that a shot someday.
Someone started running behind me.
I think there's blame on both sides, you look at, you look at both sides, I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either.
Let's not let this chance slip away.
Let's not let this opportunity slip away.
When did you come to school?
We live for work.
Dan will never be afraid of that.
The police are investigating the case.
He's incredibly stupid!
I've always liked books.
We came to the conclusion that he had a walkie-talkie.
Guys, where are you?
There are no bears living in our forests.
Don't go outside.
They abandoned their child.
Come and help!
What do you expect from a pig but a grunt.
That's absolutely impossible.
It's been snowing all day long today.
They speak their own Berber dialect.
The people of the Babors area, in Kabylie, speak their own Berber dialect that's quite different from Kabyle.
Saint Augustine was another Berber of great relevance to world history.
Massinissa, Jugurtha, Juba the 2nd, Dihya, Koceila, and Tariq ibn Ziad are all Berbers of great relevance to North African history and none of them was from Kabylie. The Berber cultural movement is totally opposed to the racist supremacist views of an insignificant bunch of separatist lunatics.
I love the rural atmosphere of Kabyle villages.
Algeria seduced me the moment I set my foot on its soil.
I'll work day and night and won't complain.
She isn't even Algerian.
They read the Quran day and night.
He turned his back on his Algerian roots.
He became more Algerian than the Algerians.
Algeria, our country, is the largest nation on the African continent.
Algeria is not for sale and won't be a prey to the enemies that want to divide its vast territory.
He needs to work continually day and night.
They despise Algeria.
They side with Algeria's enemies.
I saw a rat in the subway.
He saw a rat in the subway.
She saw a rat in the subway.
Skura saw a rat in the subway.
Salas and Skura saw a rat in the subway.
Skura and Lidya saw a rat in the subway.
They saw a rat in the subway.
What a cute doggo!
I bought a lot of food.
He bought a lot of food.
She bought a lot of food.
Skura bought a lot of food.
Salas and Skura bought a lot of food.
Skura and Lidya bought a lot of food.
They bought a lot of food.
Salas and Skura slept in the car.
Skura and Lidya slept in the car.
They slept in the car.
I wrote a letter to my parents.
He wrote a letter to his parents.
She wrote a letter to her parents.
Salas and Skura wrote a letter to their parents.
Skura and Lidya wrote a letter to their parents.
They wrote a letter to their parents.
He opened the bag.
She opened the bag.
Skura opened the bag.
Salas and Skura opened the bag.
Skura and Lidya opened the bag.
They opened the bag.
I closed all the windows.
He closed all the windows.
She closed all the windows.
Skura closed all the windows.
Salas and Skura closed all the windows.
Skura and Lidya closed all the windows.
They closed all the windows.
I'm sure he'll come.
Salas sent money to his mother.
I sent money to my mother.
He sent money to his mother.
She sent money to her mother.
Skura sent money to her mother.
You should eat to live, not live to eat.
Salas and Skura sent money to their mother.
Skura and Lidya sent money to their mother.
They sent money to their mother.
I received a letter from Silya.
He received a letter from Silya.
She received a letter from Silya.
Skura received a letter from Silya.
Salas and Skura received a letter from Silya.
Skura and Lidya received a letter from Silya.
Health is better than wealth—to him who has wealth only.
They received a letter from Silya.
He caught three fish yesterday.
Skura caught three fish yesterday.
She caught three fish yesterday.
Salas and Skura caught three fish yesterday.
Skura and Silya caught three fish yesterday.
They caught three fish yesterday.
I went back into my room.
Skura went back into her room.
Salas and Skura went back into their room.
Skura and Lidya went back into their room.
They went back into their room.
He worked all night.
Skura worked all night.
Salas and Skura worked all night.
Skura and Lidya worked all night.
Tebboune needs to rewrite Algeria's laws to make the country more attractive to foreign investment.
The fire is burning.
The theorem is incorrect.
You like taking your time.
Our airport is also being renovated.
The conference ends at 9:p.m.
I want two.
We need to get to the point.
We need to cut to the chase.
It is probably very interesting. But I'm afraid I didn't understand.
Do as I say; don't do what I do.
A toothless mouth can't help but smile.
As a final touch, sprinkle some chocolate chips on top of the cookies.
I'm working tonight.
If you want tea, I have some in the cupboard.
If push comes to shove, I can move in with my parents.
I love fruit and I eat some every day.
Tom slept on his back.
This furniture belongs to my mom.
This furniture belongs to my mother.
The furniture belongs to my mum.
I'm attending a state school.
She's getting dressed.
This term, I'm studying Spanish.
Did you use to like it?
Don't you joke like that.
Don't approach the enemy.
Does Tom need company?
Little children, little trouble; big children, big trouble.
There is no Jewish religion separate from the notion of a nation bound to it by covenant.
Unfortunately, I don't understand any Asian language, except Russian, but even that not quite well.
You must add a teaspoon of sugar.
To overcome your problems, you sometimes have to face them.
Is this a racket?
Is this a racquet?
The proletariat has nothing to lose but its chains.
My horse fell into the river and a crocodile bit my leg off.
He is eating sausage with puréed potatoes.
She told me that she wasn't seeing anybody, but I don't believe her.
Is there a washing machine in this room?
You are walking too quickly.
Do you want a slice of toast?
The movie doesn't have to be exactly the same as the book.
How many slices of ham do you want?
Is Allah gay?
The word 'algorithm' has its roots in Latinizing the name of Persian mathematician Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi in the first steps to algorismus.
The word algorithm itself is derived from the 9th-century Persian mathematician Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī, Latinized Algoritmi.
Donald Trump gives pieces of shit a bad name.
If you do everything wisely, there will be no problems.
Is God gay?
I look to the future with optimism.
He is eating sausage with pureed potatoes.
Do you want a piece of toast?
I hear there's rumors on the, uh, Internets, that we're going to have a draft.
Donald Trump gives cowards a bad name.
I am putting in one hundred grams of sugar.
I knelt down.
There are mushrooms, but I don't want any.
I refuse your help.
She's a priestess.
She's a priest.
My dream is to visit Algeria.
My dream is to be able to speak Berber.
My goal is to learn Berber.
Tom tweeted in Berber.
I want to read.
My dream is to learn Esperanto.
You saved our lives. I won't forget this.
My dream is to study Berber in Algeria.
My dream is to study Berber in Morocco.
My dream is to study Berber in Tunisia.
My dream is to study Berber in Libya.
My dream is to be fluent in Berber.
My dream is to speak Berber fluently.
In the old days there were duels in the USA.
My goal is to write a novel in Berber.
My dream is to visit Algeria and Morocco.
My dream is to visit Algeria and Egypt.
Don't enter houses with your shoes on!
My dream is to become an astronomer.
Were we surprised? No.
I want to be an astronomer.
I want to study physics.
My dream is to study physics.
I don't want to harm anyone.
Can I come? You can come.
My dream is to become a physicist.
My goal is to become a physicist.
Ali sang like a nightingale to the police.
You weren't at home.
I want to be a mathematician.
We'll find it. Don't worry.
My goal is to become a mathematician.
My dream is to become a mathematician.
My dream is to become a millionaire.
I want Mary to think again about this topic.
My goal is to become a millionaire.
My dream is to become a philosopher.
My dream is to study philosophy.
My goal is to study philosophy.
My dream is to study German in Berlin.
My dream is to study Spanish in Madrid.
Did he go shopping?
My dream is to study English in London.
Did she go shopping?
My dream is to study English in New York.
My dream is to study Italian in Rome.
My dream is to study Japanese in Tokyo.
You don't want to understand me.
It isn't worth a dime.
My dream is to study Arabic in Dubai.
It's not worth a dime.
She isn't crying.
It isn't crying.
My dream is to study mathematics.
It's not worth a farthing.
It isn't worth a farthing.
My dream is to study computer science.
My dream is to study chemistry.
My dream is to study at Harvard University.
My dream is to study medicine in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study physics in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study mathematics in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study medicine in the United States.
My dream is to study physics in the United States.
My dream is to study mathematics in the United States.
My dream is to study computer science at Cambridge University.
My dream is to study architecture at the University of Cambridge.
My dream is to study Computer Science at the University of Cambridge.
My dream is to study Biochemistry at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Biology at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Classics and Modern Languages at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Computer Science at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study geology at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study European and Middle Eastern Languages at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study history at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study music at the University of Oxford.
Don't help me.
Is it the blanket with the wavy pattern?
What kind of exercise bike do you have?
Wash your clothes before you pack for the trip.
They're on top of the books stacked in the corner.
You'll regret making an enemy of me.
It's smaller than a boulder and larger than a pebble.
How often do you change your filter?
The house needs painted.
Everyone needs a garage.
The wild dogs came running through the field and attacked the small child without warning.
Have a heart.
The effort shows.
Who wants to watch TV when they can read a book?
It was a masterpiece of culinary delight.
If you don't like what I've done, you can do it yourself!
Call your mother before she starts to worry.
Don't travel without some form of identification.
I had a nice meal.
My mother is very pretty.
I was in Africa.
I've been to Africa.
Something is going to happen.
Tom closed the boot.
Tom is playing the lute.
She wanted to be buried in her Kabyle dress.
You're a good team.
You're a good woman.
Tom is just a washed-up football player.
Don't tempt fate.
My dream is to study Portuguese in Lisbon.
I am the language lover.
My dream is to study Swedish in Stockholm.
My dream is to study Finnish in Helsinki.
My dream is to study Danish in Copenhagen.
My dream is to study Dutch in Amsterdam.
My dream is to study Russian in Moscow.
My dream is to study Ukrainian in Kyiv.
My dream is to study Turkish in Istanbul.
My dream is to study Romanian in Bucharest.
My dream is to study Korean in Seoul.
My dream is to study Chinese in Beijing.
I'm a second-year student.
I study Latin because it’s my favourite language.
Ever since I was little I've been told I look like Abraham.
I am allergic to kiwi.
I'm allergic to kiwi.
He played it.
It was played.
The language lover wants to be a translator.
The language lover wants to become a translator.
In the house, there is a fragrance of pine needles and resin.
The house smells of pine needles and resin.
Where will we go to tomorrow?
I'm not sure what to do. I need advice.
I read everything published by Naturei Karta.
I read everything written by Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss.
I'm a fan of Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss.
I'm a supporter of Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss.
I openly support and defend Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss.
Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss isn't a crazy man.
These three oaths, what are they? One, that Israel shall not go up as a wall. One, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon Israel that they shall not rebel against the nations of the world. And one, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon the idolaters that they shall not oppress Israel too much.
I consider Ho Chi Minh as a hero.
Algerians liberated their country from France.
He was born in a poor village in central Algeria.
These three oaths, what are they? One, that Israel shall not return to the land en masse. Another, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon Israel that they shall not rebel against the nations of the world. And finally, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon the nations of the world that they shall not oppress Israel too much.
Si Mohand spent the rest of his life wandering the Algerian countryside, struggling to make a living.
Algerians suffered greatly at the hands of their French colonial masters.
This sentence is unnatural.
This might apply to Algeria.
A bunch of separatist activists is in no way qualified to determine whether some language exists or doesn't exist.
Neither a bunch of racist takfiri hypocrites nor a bunch of racist separatists have the right or the academic qualification to determine whether some language exists or doesn't exist.
Idir came back to Algeria after years of absence.
He seemed to understand the Algerian culture.
He liked to smoke Algerian cigarettes.
He has packets of Algerian cigarettes.
In perfect English, Ines Ibbou recorded a message to answer Austrian tennis player Dominic Thiem's dismissive remarks.
Ines Ibbou, an Algerian tennis player, recorded a message to answer Dominic Thiem's dismissive remarks.
The Saharan cheetah has been spotted again in Algeria.
The Saharan cheetah is perhaps the rarest cat in Algeria.
He's all Algerian.
Mouloud Mammeri was an all Algerian intellectual.
She is sure to come.
Idir was an all Algerian singer.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is an all Algerian singer.
The Algerian war of independence lasted more than years.
Algerians regard themselves as one country and one people.
It's break time.
I never ask about that.
I like your ideas.
I know that Tom finds it important.
Well, are you happy now?
Were dinosaurs warm-blooded?
China offered Greece financial aid.
It's murder.
We take a lot of breaks.
The secretary is in a meeting with the director.
I didn't choose anything.
I haven't chosen anything.
Tom's sentences are often biased and ideologically charged.
Kazakhstan declared a moratorium on capital punishment.
I'm a language lover.
Don't defend the rascal.
He built a school.
Who's the best hunter?
The best way to learn new vocabulary is through reading.
Half and half?
Karl Marx was an atheist who was baptised and raised a Christian, but because of the racial aspect of antisemitism, he continues to be central to many antisemitic conspiracy theories.
Don't defend the brat.
I'm a language teacher.
I study Latin because it's my favorite language.
You have a special place in my heart.
I only work on days with odd-numbered dates.
Is the delivery free?
He cannot tell the truth yet.
Snails are hermaphrodites.
When she goes to Paris she always sleeps in the same hotel.
I would like to believe you.
For some reason, the engine didn't work.
This restaurant serves a delicious soup.
I must be here.
I will come back after lunch.
Bees are extremely important not only for humans, but also for nature.
"You know how I was telling you about the language lover and the computer scientist who were working on a project?" "Yeah." "I'm the language lover."
"You know how I was telling you about the language lover and the computer scientist who were working on a project?" "Yes." "I'm the language lover."
I need to return to my home.
Many mosques were burned down.
I am very interested in languages.
The book I bought last night has arrived.
You are going to Saudi Arabia on vacation.
It is nice to see so many languages together.
Isn't she at home?
This horse isn't white.
Do not defy destiny.
Stop acting cute!
I'm busy today, otherwise I would have accepted.
They remained silent.
Is she eating the sandwich?
She adores soccer.
We've known him for many years.
Are humans a part of nature?
Humans are a part of nature, aren't they?
Tomorrow I will be set free.
The cat was very angry after having been washed. As soon as it saw me it ran.
I don't like green onions.
The razor made a buzzing sound.
Could you give me a toothpick, please?
She took care of her sick child all night.
He sacrificed his life and betrayed the organization.
I studied Italian in school.
Life first!
How many wives do you have?
My dream is to become a musician.
My dream is to become a pianist.
My dream is to become a guitarist.
My dream is to become a novelist.
Are humans not part of nature?
Nature is fascinating.
My dream is to become an architect.
Nature sleeps in the winter.
My goal is to become a famous singer.
Nature sleeps during winter.
Will it work?
My dream is to become a famous DJ.
Tom wants to become a famous actor.
Are humans part of nature?
Mary wants to become a famous actress.
"Where is my laptop?" "It is on the chair."
Sami wants to become an Arabic teacher.
Sami wants to become a Berber teacher.
Layla wants to become an English teacher.
Tom wants to become a rapper.
It's nice to see so many languages together.
"Where is my laptop?" "It's on the chair."
Tom's brother wants to become a teacher.
Tom wants to become a musician.
Mary wants to become a musician.
Why do you want to become an actor?
Why does Tom want to become an actor?
Why does Mary want to become an actress?
My dream is to become a film director.
Don't enter houses with your shoes!
Order it with cheese and you can't go wrong.
Shut the door! I'm developing a photo.
She has two couches and neither of them were purchased new.
Come over to my place after the movie and we'll play Battleship.
Does anyone really know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?
Get off my lawn, you crazy kids!
Reality is beautiful.
How many balls can you juggle with one hand tied behind your back?
Clear off the table and grab the jigsaw puzzle.
Happy 743rd Turkish Language Holiday.
I suggest talking to Ekaterina before you have a conversation with Andrei.
Do you see Sergei over there?
Only a fool would trust Dasha.
This street is named after the Cheka, the forerunner of the KGB.
Go to Vera this very minute and tell her you're sorry.
Do you have a Zoom account?
It's a firefly.
There's a shortage of flour right now so we'll have to eat store-bought bread.
And don't give me any guff about it.
You didn't collate the papers properly. Five doesn't come before three!
I was born in Wallachia in Pitești.
He's attracted to intelligent beefcakes, you know, well-rounded individuals.
Don't pay attention to him. He's a real dingbat.
Why exert yourself hacking and pulling the stump when you have access to dynamite?
Don't go off willy-nilly. Let's make a plan.
The pallbearers at her funeral were all women. I had never seen that before.
I learned how to say "hi" in Brazil. It's "oi!"
Hang up your wet towels to dry or they'll get mildewy.
It will hinge on whether or not she gets the promotion.
I'm hankering after a hamburger and fries but I don't have a grill and it's not safe to go out to eat.
Now, don't get all het up. I was going to tell you when you came home.
Oh, he's just bent out of shape because I wouldn't let him spend the night with his friends on account of his being grounded for failing his chemistry class.
I had not remembered what the pluperfect tense was until I looked it up to write this sentence.
Hop on up! There's room enough for two.
Only a captain should wear an armband on the field.
It was an ill-conceived idea. I don't know why you thought you could pull it off.
Scrambled eggs and bacon sound really good right about now.
Cottage cheese and canned peaches are a delicious combination.
I'm feeling a little congested so I think I'll stay home and rest instead of going camping.
I still need to pay the institutional membership dues or we won't get free registration to the conference.
The top-secret dossier was sitting out on his desk in plain view. Would she have time to peek inside before he returned?
Well, that's unsettling. Are you sure you closed the door when you left?
Don't even bother filling out an application. There's a waiting list of two years to get in to that school.
The saguaro is the most amazing cactus. It can live well over years and produces edible fruit.
Not even my wife is allowed to touch it.
Tarantulas are very fragile so sit down, cup your hands like so, and try not to drop it.
Don't ponder on it too long or someone else will buy it out from under you.
My sister owns a jigsaw so I'll just borrow hers if I need it.
I don't allow them to use my Husqvarna chainsaw.
The cave is inaccessible during a flash flood because the arroyo turns into a raging river.
It might not be the best time to bring this up, but your mother called yet again.
Ali scored; Anadoluspor won.
What's it to anyone?
It's no one's business.
What have you got in your backpack?
Will she ride the horse?
I'm doing it.
I'm making it.
They aren't going shopping.
Who is the one who wants money from you?
I love the poems.
I know Tom's not rich.
Are you Turkish?
According to the timetable we're supposed to arrive at Brindisi at 9:30.
I was going to come.
Ali drank black tea.
Politics don't interest me.
We couldn't picnic on the coast.
We couldn't have a picnic on the coast.
We couldn't picnic on the beach.
We couldn't have a picnic on the beach.
But I came.
This group will study.
This group will work.
This much?
What do you have in your rucksack?
He has a shop in the market.
He's taking the rice to the market.
The bags are filled to the brim.
The rice was falling out of the bag.
"Do you know Constantine?" "Yes. We've been up there."
You need to persevere to succeed in life.
They live in the jungle.
They eat plants.
I'm not so keen on vegetables like these.
This fish is fresh and right out of the river.
I like the fish.
I ate fish and lentils.
We were in Algeria.
The road is not wide enough.
Stop the bus. I'm getting off here.
Don't forget your stick.
It took them several hours to make their way down the ravine.
He got to his village.
There are no telephones in the village.
Their village is small.
They live in a small village in Kabylie, Algeria.
"Have you ever met a Tuareg?" "What's a Tuareg?" "It's one of those Berber nomads that live in the Sahara Desert."
He spread his blanket on the ground.
I'm sure I'll be going back to Algeria.
He brought presents from Algeria.
The road is narrower now.
There's a rock in the way.
There's a rock in the way. I can't get by.
He removed the rock with his own hands.
It's eleven at night.
It's impossible to drive here at night-time.
A big rock is blocking the road.
They're trying to widen the road to the village.
They can't spend the night here.
The truck careened into a ravine.
She wept very bitterly.
The road to the village is going to be improved.
They're improving the road.
They need to widen the road.
I can even drive with my eyes closed here.
The truck fell into the ravine.
He fell with his truck into the ravine.
He's from the Djurdjura Mountains.
He was thrown off the bus.
God watches over us.
A mudslide swept the truck into a ravine.
This road is very scary.
It's my first trip on this road.
We have God to watch over us.
Please watch the road.
He works virtually like a slave.
The mountain was rumbling.
The truck went into the ravine.
This road is so dangerous.
This road is known for its deadly rockfalls.
The road has been surfaced in some places.
The road has been properly surfaced.
The trucks were stuck on the road.
The road needs to be properly surfaced.
Are these your shades?
The city of Bejaia is in sight.
The tire was pierced by a nail.
The bus will be here soon.
After four hours, the bus finally arrived.
Our village is another four kilometers up in the mountains.
The truck was overloaded.
Most of us grow rice.
My bike is fragile.
My bike is my livelihood.
The bus is half empty.
They're speaking Portuguese.
She's forty.
The enemy was armed to the teeth.
He just earns enough to pay for the gas.
The market is crowded today.
Her father is a healer.
People come from different villages to see the healer.
He's taking his grandmother to the village to see the healer.
Algeria is a deeply Muslim country.
In the mosque, men and women pray separately.
The healer sprayed water on the patient to alleviate her pain.
His grandmother became completely blind.
The healer says that he doesn't know how he came by his gift of healing.
The healer is her last hope.
The healer is in his tent.
The healer says that he can bring the dead back to life.
His business is making great strides.
This car is manufactured in Algeria. It's tough and it can go anywhere.
The truck arrived at the entrance of the mine.
The trail enters into the dense forest.
He says he's ready to gamble with his life.
He has worked here in Algeria for fourteen years.
God is here to guide our souls.
The conquistadors cruelly enslaved the Incas.
Algeria is a country abundant with minerals.
Algeria will never become a rich country full of poor people.
Algeria produces fertilizers.
Algeria is developing rapidly.
He leaves at dusk.
He was driving on the edge of a precipice.
The king has come.
The king came.
He left at the crack of dawn.
Driving through this part of Algeria requires good sense.
Lena can become quite a clown when she has an appreciative audience.
That Thursday was the beginning of the end of life as I had known it.
Our city is in the middle of the desert.
Mary is Tom's daughter from his first marriage.
My work takes me as far as the Sahara Desert.
It was difficult to solve this puzzle.
They are solid members of the synagogue that her mother helped found.
He started panicking.
We had a nice meal.
She and I are teachers.
If I can get through Wednesday, the rest of the week will be easy.
They were drinking cola.
Ksenia Aleksandrovna was charged with incitement to riot.
They drank cola.
She's my friend. Do you know her?
Nobody wants to be last.
Nobody wants to be the last one.
If Tom isn't going there, I'm not going either.
I'm not disturbing them.
I'm a freelancer in Japan.
Discipline is freedom.
There's hardly anyone here.
That much?
Keep the change as a tip.
Have you by any chance lost your phone?
Take a look at these pictures.
Wait a minute, damn it!
He'll be in Japan for the whole two years.
He's superhuman.
She's superhuman.
She has crooked teeth.
The truck arrived at the entrance to the mine.
The truck arrived at the mine's entrance.
The healer says he can bring the dead back to life.
More and more people are becoming Muslim.
What are the challenges that Muslim converts have?
We need to increase dialog between Muslims and non-Muslims.
Tell us about your own personal journey into Islam.
We fell in love with Islam.
He learned more and more about Islam.
He said the shahada and converted to Islam.
He discovered many beautiful things in Islam.
Is converting to Islam easy?
Islam is an interesting subject.
Many people are coming into the Muslim religion.
Islam attracts many Western women.
They view Islam as oppressive towards women.
Islam doesn't put women as second-class citizens.
Islam doesn't oppress women.
Becoming Muslim can have a profoundly positive effect on your life.
He has read so much about Islam.
He learned Arabic in order to read the Quran correctly.
He learned Arabic in order to pray correctly.
He became Muslim in 2004.
He wanted her to convert to Islam.
He wanted his Christian wife to convert to Islam.
He never tried to convince his Jewish wife to convert to Islam.
His wife converted from Judaism to Islam.
When he converted to Islam, he expected a lot of support from his parents.
When she converted to Islam, she expected a lot of support from her husband.
He became Muslim under pressure.
What are the challenges faced by a new Muslim in the West?
He embraced Islam in 2004.
You need to learn how to interact with Muslim women.
His conversion to Islam changed the way he viewed the world.
He wants to practice Islam correctly.
They became Muslim at the same time.
Not all Muslims practice Islam.
Not all Muslims practice their religion.
They're hostile to Islam and Muslims.
They're extremely hostile to Islam and Muslims.
Islam is under attack in many parts of the West.
Many Muslims are feeling insecure in the West.
Muslims feel very insecure in this part of India.
He's becoming Muslim.
There is a school for the Muslim community.
Did you know that there is a school for the Muslim community here in our town?
After she converted to Islam, he wanted to be her spiritual guide.
Their imam was quite dominating.
Islam has a high level of flexibility.
Islam has a high level of flexibility as far as the interpretation of the Quranic verses is concerned.
He became Muslim and he got used to it.
Muslims have strong family ties.
I'm a new Muslim and I want to marry a Muslim woman.
Even after he converted to Islam, he wasn't made to feel welcome in that community.
They go to the mosque.
Muslim scholars need to address these issues.
The adjective ends in "a".
We've been talking about conversion to Islam.
Although I haven't converted to Islam yet, I truly feel Muslim.
Being Muslim means being part of a community.
After he converted to Islam, he felt welcome in that community.
He has fallen in love with Islam.
He said he was disillusioned with Christianity.
We're talking about Islam.
He isn't a practicing Muslim.
She started to wear hijab immediately.
After she converted to Islam, she started to wear hijab.
Perhaps he needs time to understand Islam.
He's not a perfect Muslim.
He wants to be a perfect Muslim.
When he took his shahada, everyone hugged him.
He originally comes from Algeria.
I want to learn how to worship God in the best way.
When he went to Algeria, he had an amazing opportunity to become Muslim.
He wants to know how to become a Muslim.
Muslims dress in different ways.
She dresses in a non-Islamic way.
She dresses in a very non-Islamic way.
He was a new Muslim.
He explained that he was Muslim.
He doesn't look Muslim.
You don't need to be Pakistani to look Muslim. In fact, there are even Muslims with blue eyes and red curly hair.
More and more people are coming into Islam.
He helps the people around him to convert to Islam.
This winding road is very dangerous.
The most terrible virus is capitalism.
The new road will reach here.
The village will no longer be isolated.
Now his smile was different from how it was in the morning.
Life is improving in rural Algeria little by little.
The smell of the bird droppings is almost unbearable.
They are solid members of the synagogue her mother helped found.
They're solid members of the shul her mother helped found.
The island is swarming with mosquitoes.
The sewers are blocked and overflowing.
The sewers are too small and overflowing.
My truck is very tough.
Oran is on the other side of Algeria.
The government should repair the roads.
He wants another six liters of gasoline.
The roads in this country were destroyed by four years of savage warfare.
This bridge will probably collapse by then.
The way this bridge shakes is worrying.
Everything is in short supply in this part of Algeria.
He breaks up rocks.
He works in the quarry, breaking up rocks.
She still has chores to do.
Her brother is teaching her to read Berber.
The baby is sick and is running a fever.
The baby needs to see a doctor as soon as possible.
There is a car stuck in the mud.
How long has this car been stuck here?
The truck can pull your car out of the mud.
We need to dig a trench.
It began to pour again.
It has begun to pour again. We need to stop working.
"Where are the bags?" "They're under the tarp over there."
We have found another way through the forest.
The baby needs to drink.
The baby wants water.
That's where I raise chickens.
Some of his chickens have drowned.
They cook in the corridor.
How can you cook here?
He's happy when it rains.
This downpour isn't a disaster for everyone.
We'll carry your bags.
The current is getting stronger.
Once they started to believe they might lose the war, the Nazis diverted critical resources away from the war effort to ensure that they could kill as many Jews as possible.
The Nazis cared more about exterminating the Jews than winning World War II.
We all live in the same house.
Is it easy for you?
His engine is wrecked.
The truck refuses to go forward.
It's too muddy here. The truck refuses to go forward.
The truck crossed a series of rivers.
The truck made it over the hill.
The road to that village is a long and painful one.
The passengers are in a hurry to arrive at the village.
The only solution is to push the truck.
The battery is running low.
Algiers is our final destination.
It's easy to go from Bejaia to Algiers.
With some luck, it will take him one day less to return to Algiers.
Interestingly, I had had the same thought earlier.
Every Friday, she visits our mosque to pray.
Give this money to God and He will bless you.
They live like slaves.
He and his companions live like slaves.
On the bus, there isn't enough room for everyone.
The truck bumped and he fell off.
The truck bumped and everyone fell off.
If the truck hits a bump, you'd fall off.
The trucks have churned up the muddy road.
The truck sank in the mud.
The truck got stuck in the mud.
The truck slowed down and then, it stuck in the mud.
The truck broke free of the mud.
The mud bogged down the truck.
The truck got bogged down in the mud.
They sold off their lands for a pittance.
The road is very difficult.
This road is impassable.
I'll put this in the fridge.
I'll put this in the refrigerator.
He swims every morning.
Sami's brother is a rapper.
Sami's brother is a singer.
Sami's brother is an artist.
Sami's brother is a novelist.
Sami's father is a novelist.
Sami's sister is an actress.
Sami's sister wants to become an actress.
To ensure that he and his family wouldn't be attacked, he changed his religion.
Sami's brother wants to visit Algeria.
Sami's father speaks Berber.
Sami's sister does not speak Berber.
Sami's brother wants to study Berber.
Sami's wife wants to learn Berber.
Tom prefers rap over rock.
Tom's father was a chemistry teacher.
Tom is a chemistry teacher.
Tom's brother knows nothing about chemistry.
Tom's wife likes chemistry.
Tom and his wife like chemistry.
Tom's father is a mathematics teacher.
Tom was a mathematics teacher.
Tom knows nothing about mathematics.
Tom knows nothing about chemistry.
Tom wanted to study chemistry.
Sami wanted to study mathematics.
Tom's friend speaks Berber.
Almonds are four thousand dinars a kilo and it's not negotiable.
Sami and I speak Berber.
Layla and Sami want to learn Berber.
This road takes a heavy toll on the trucks.
Amayas's father was a Berber teacher.
He has been using this road for four years.
Amayas's mother speaks Berber.
He knows this road well.
There is no bus service in the area.
It's an awful and dangerous road.
Put all the money down.
Amayas's wife is an English teacher.
He has to get off the truck.
The road is paved.
The road became a dirt track.
The road was paved forty years ago.
He knows the road well.
It seems that you have the same problem as me.
It doesn't concern anybody apart from me and my family.
This is where the jungle begins.
The road is bad.
The road gets much worse.
All the drivers that use this road are experienced.
The rainy season has ended.
The trucks leave huge holes filled with mud.
This truck is new.
This truck is second hand.
He came across a truck stuck in the mud.
The bus is falling behind schedule.
He decided to drive through the night.
He has never driven through this part of the road at night.
There is no electricity out here.
Yanni is the village headsman.
That's the way it's done in Algeria.
Potholes on this road can be as deep as forty centimeters.
That road is a death trap.
That old bridge is a death trap.
He doesn't want to get off the truck.
The truck is overloaded.
The truck is on its way.
The truck got bogged down.
Hitler was born and raised in Austria.
Your mission, Tom, should you decide to accept it, is to infiltrate the building and get the secret documents. As always, should you be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions. This message will self-destruct in five seconds. Good luck, Tom.
Tom has managed to evade the law for years.
Poets don't make very good proofreaders.
It looks like you have the same problem I do.
It's a film in French.
We shouldn't spend money on things that we don't need.
Why don't incels go fuck themselves?
I learned something new.
They have moths in their flat.
Excuse me, could you please tell me how to get to the train station?
He's a qualified lawyer.
Thank you for the interesting discussion.
If only I had more time.
They'll rebuild the road.
They left Algiers at four o'clock.
We need to do our best to prevent the truck from getting bogged down.
He left Algiers four days ago.
We'll make it to Algiers.
They're packed like sardines on the bus.
I've got business to do in Algiers.
Couscous is the local staple.
Their restaurant is famous throughout Algiers.
Are you going to spend all of this money?
You owe that woman money.
He can repair just about anything.
He knows all about trucks.
I showed them the way.
They're digging with their bare hands.
Our roads are completely dilapidated.
It took four hours to get the truck out of the mud.
The gallery was dug out by hand.
They have already dug down four meters.
