She says that she doesn't know anything about him.
He told me he intended to go to Boston with her.
She told me she intended to go to Boston with him.
He told me that he wanted me to do that for her.
She told me that she wanted me to do that for him.
He decided he'd do whatever he could to help her.
She decided she'd do whatever she could to help him.
He realized that he no longer needed to help her.
She realized that she no longer needed to help him.
He said that he was going to go skating with her.
She said that she was going to go skating with him.
He said that he wasn't interested in meeting her.
She said that she wasn't interested in meeting him.
He said that he'd do just about anything for her.
She said that she'd do just about anything for him.
He says that he's going to go to Boston with her.
She says that she's going to go to Boston with him.
He thought he should go to Boston to be with her.
She thought she should go to Boston to be with him.
He wished that he could spend more time with her.
She wished that she could spend more time with him.
He didn't deny that he was the one who killed her.
She didn't deny that she was the one who killed him.
He said he'd been spending a lot of time with her.
She said she'd been spending a lot of time with him.
He says that he wants me to go to Boston with her.
She says that she wants me to go to Boston with him.
He stopped what he was doing and looked up at her.
She stopped what she was doing and looked up at him.
He knew that he needed to do something to help her.
She knew that she needed to do something to help him.
He made it clear that he didn't intend to help her.
She made it clear that she didn't intend to help him.
He said he didn't want to go to the dance with her.
She said she didn't want to go to the dance with him.
He doesn't know how long he'll have to wait for her.
She doesn't know how long she'll have to wait for him.
He looked into the classroom, but he didn't see her.
She looked into the classroom, but she didn't see him.
He must've forgotten what he promised to do for her.
She must've forgotten what she promised to do for him.
He said he wished he hadn't gone to Boston with her.
She said she wished she hadn't gone to Boston with him.
He says that he always enjoys playing cards with her.
She says that she always enjoys playing cards with him.
He told me he was going to the hospital to visit her.
She told me she was going to the hospital to visit him.
He told me he's miserable here in Boston without her.
She told me she's miserable here in Boston without him.
He told me that he intended to go to Boston with her.
She told me that she intended to go to Boston with him.
He wanted me to keep it quiet until he talked to her.
She wanted me to keep it quiet until she talked to him.
He died just as he was trying to say something to her.
She died just as she was trying to say something to him.
He realized there was nothing he could do to help her.
She realized there was nothing she could do to help him.
He said that he was going to buy some flowers for her.
She said that she was going to buy some flowers for him.
He thought that he should go to Boston to be with her.
She thought that she should go to Boston to be with him.
He won't admit it, but he's secretly in love with her.
She won't admit it, but she's secretly in love with him.
He didn't want people to think he was flirting with her.
She didn't want people to think she was flirting with him.
He said he couldn't leave without saying goodbye to her.
She said she couldn't leave without saying goodbye to him.
He wasn't the only one who said he didn't agree with her.
She wasn't the only one who said she didn't agree with him.
He couldn't fall asleep because he was thinking about her.
He told me that he was going to the hospital to visit her.
She told me that she was going to the hospital to visit him.
He realized that there was nothing he could do to help her.
Tom doesn't smile much, but he does smile sometimes.
She realized that there was nothing she could do to help him.
He said that no matter what happened, he'd always love her.
She said that no matter what happened, she'd always love him.
He couldn't remember the name of the place where he met her.
She couldn't remember the name of the place where she met him.
He said that he's looking forward to spending time with her.
She said that she's looking forward to spending time with him.
He didn't want people to think that he was flirting with her.
She didn't want people to think that she was flirting with him.
He made it clear that he didn't want anything to do with her.
She made it clear that she didn't want anything to do with him.
He told me he came all the way from Boston just to visit her.
She told me she came all the way from Boston just to visit him.
He didn't want me to tell you this, but he's still dating her.
She didn't want me to tell you this, but she's still dating him.
He said he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with her.
She said she thought she wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with him.
He didn't want to give a definite answer until he talked to her.
She didn't want to give a definite answer until she talked to him.
He made no attempt to hide the fact that he was in love with her.
She made no attempt to hide the fact that she was in love with him.
He told me that he came all the way from Boston just to visit her.
She told me that she came all the way from Boston just to visit him.
He told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with her.
She told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow she'd go cycling with him.
He forgot to turn off the microphone when he turned to say something to her.
She forgot to turn off the microphone when she turned to say something to him.
He became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with her.
She became tired of always having to pay the bill every time she went out with him.
He certainly wouldn't be anywhere near as rich as he is if he hadn't married her.
She certainly wouldn't be anywhere near as rich as she is if she hadn't married him.
He smiled at her.
He looked at her.
He pointed at her.
He laughed at her.
She laughed at him.
He shouted at her.
She shouted at him.
He scowled at her.
She scowled at him.
He grinned at her.
She grinned at him.
He frowned at her.
She frowned at him.
He got mad at her.
She got mad at him.
He snapped at her.
She snapped at him.
He screamed at her.
She screamed at him.
He hollered at her.
She hollered at him.
He snickered at her.
She snickered at him.
He isn't mad at her.
She isn't mad at him.
He looked up at her.
He poked fun at her.
She poked fun at him.
He wasn't mad at her.
She wasn't mad at him.
He looked over at her.
She looked over at him.
He just stared at her.
She just stared at him.
He stared back at her.
She stared back at him.
He smiled back at her.
She smiled back at him.
He glared back at her.
She glared back at him.
He didn't look at her.
She didn't look at him.
He didn't yell at her.
She didn't yell at him.
He looked back at her.
She looked back at him.
He often yells at her.
She often yells at him.
He threw rocks at her.
She threw rocks at him.
He threw an egg at her.
She threw an egg at him.
He kept staring at her.
She kept staring at him.
He glanced over at her.
She glanced over at him.
He looked right at her.
She looked right at him.
He never looked at her.
She never looked at him.
He fired a shot at her.
She fired a shot at him.
He kept looking at her.
She kept looking at him.
He pointed a gun at her.
She pointed a gun at him.
He couldn't look at her.
She couldn't look at him.
He isn't looking at her.
She isn't looking at him.
He used to laugh at her.
She used to laugh at him.
He keeps looking at her.
She keeps looking at him.
He and I laughed at her.
She and I laughed at him.
He and I are mad at her.
She and I are mad at him.
He began to yell at her.
She began to yell at him.
He got very angry at her.
She got very angry at him.
He angrily stared at her.
She angrily stared at him.
He threw a tomato at her.
She threw a tomato at him.
He threw a pillow at her.
He stared blankly at her.
She stared blankly at him.
He stared angrily at her.
She stared angrily at him.
He fired one shot at her.
She fired one shot at him.
He looked straight at her.
She looked straight at him.
He won't even look at her.
She won't even look at him.
He looked sideways at her.
She looked sideways at him.
He started yelling at her.
She started yelling at him.
He started to yell at her.
She started to yell at him.
He flashed a smile at her.
She flashed a smile at him.
He didn't even look at her.
She didn't even look at him.
He threw a snowball at her.
She threw a snowball at him.
He pointed a finger at her.
She pointed a finger at him.
He looked anxiously at her.
She looked anxiously at him.
He didn't look back at her.
She didn't look back at him.
He should've smiled at her.
She should've smiled at him.
He smiled and waved at her.
She smiled and waved at him.
He started screaming at her.
She started screaming at him.
He continued to look at her.
She continued to look at him.
He kept looking back at her.
She kept looking back at him.
He and I both looked at her.
She and I both looked at him.
He and I both stared at her.
She and I both stared at him.
He fired three shots at her.
She fired three shots at him.
He turned and stared at her.
She turned and stared at him.
He can't bear to look at her.
She can't bear to look at him.
He can't stop looking at her.
She can't stop looking at him.
He threw a rotten egg at her.
She threw a rotten egg at him.
He couldn't even look at her.
She couldn't even look at him.
He stopped and stared at her.
She stopped and stared at him.
He laughed and looked at her.
She laughed and looked at him.
He grinned and looked at her.
She grinned and looked at him.
He shot a rubber band at her.
She shot a rubber band at him.
He and I both glanced at her.
She and I both glanced at him.
He didn't dare to look at her.
She didn't dare to look at him.
He got angry and yelled at her.
She got angry and yelled at him.
He tried to avoid looking at her.
She tried to avoid looking at him.
He leaned forward to look at her.
She leaned forward to look at him.
He looked back and smiled at her.
She looked back and smiled at him.
He and I both just stared at her.
She and I both just stared at him.
He just sat there looking at her.
She just sat there looking at him.
He threw an empty beer can at her.
She threw an empty beer can at him.
He just can't stop looking at her.
She just can't stop looking at him.
He just sat there, looking at her.
She just sat there, looking at him.
He just sat there, staring at her.
She just sat there, staring at him.
He just stood there looking at her.
She just stood there looking at him.
He turned around and looked at her.
She turned around and looked at him.
He made a snowball and threw it at her.
She made a snowball and threw it at him.
He picked up a rock and threw it at her.
She picked up a rock and threw it at him.
Boston is pretty far away.
It's show time.
We waited for the elevator for a long time before we decided to use the stairs.
The kids love it.
The world didn't end on the day that the cult leader predicted it would.
I've already given thirty dollars to Tom.
I can't walk fast.
This part was easy to understand. The rest was confusing.
Both Tom and Mary were silent.
I don't want help.
I didn't know how to do what I was supposed to do.
That isn't Tom's forte.
That's not something that I want to do.
We ended up paying more than we expected to pay.
Our time is coming.
He used his computer.
He used this table.
There are three issues we need to discuss today.
Boston isn't that far away.
That's not my goal.
As soon as I finish doing this, I'm out of here.
We eat pretty well.
You need to be careful going down the stairs.
The pen that I'm writing with belongs to Tom.
We expect the best.
What did you see, Nancy?
The Neandertal was named after theologian Joachim Neander.
The Neander Valley was named after theologian Joachim Neander.
We ended up paying more than we expected to.
My plan didn't work.
I didn't know how to do what I needed to do.
That's not Tom's forte.
That's what's scary.
A small cup of coffee costs two euros.
A small cup of coffee costs two euro.
A small cup of coffee is two euros.
A small cup of coffee is two euro.
We ended up paying more than we expected.
A small cup of coffee costs €2.
A small cup of coffee is €2.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't get fired.
This task is simple.
Tom feels neglected.
The two were almost the same.
You'd better stay in bed.
This city isn't as safe as it used to be.
Not many Canadians do that.
That's for the birds.
That isn't an excuse.
I didn't know how to do what I had to do.
That isn't clear yet.
I was watching TV most of the afternoon.
Do you know the name of the girl who was with Tom?
That isn't that hard.
You were lucky to find such a good job.
What Tom said made Mary laugh.
That's a real relief.
What did you do the year before that?
I was surprised by Tom's candor.
That's not an excuse.
We're going to the theatre this evening.
We were forced to make that decision.
Chiro doesn't like lychees, being a cat.
The street Tom lives on is very narrow.
Do you know that man who's looking at you?
51.8% of the inhabitants are female.
There are many people who like Fado.
The project is a community initiative.
This decision depends on how much space and time are available.
The doctor was called at once.
She gets up at o'clock every morning.
She was wearing huge yellow boots.
They gave him something to drink.
He was given something to drink.
That's not clear yet.
There were three guys waiting for me.
From tomorrow, it'll snow for a week.
I speak French with my kids.
That's not that hard.
The man talked for an hour.
Paul is one of the pupils translating the text from English into German.
Paul is one of the students translating the text from English into German.
Paul is one of the pupils taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the students taking part in the chess tournament.
It's stuff like that that bothers me.
That's our game plan.
It's human nature to want to do that.
Do you know the name of the girl that was with Tom?
That's our goal here.
It would be nice to do that sometime.
Both Tom and Mary are Canadian.
That's our main goal.
It would be best to consult a lawyer.
I was deeply touched by Tom's story.
That's the next step.
It hasn't rained here in a long time.
His sentence was hours of community service.
She ruined the surprise by talking about the party.
He was robbed while walking late at night.
He always hugs his son when he returns from work.
Her diet resulted in weight loss.
She's a responsible driver.
She's responsible for preparing the report.
He's required to wear a suit and tie to work.
His loan request was turned down.
He knows how to repair computers
His college application was rejected.
He decided to stop drinking and reform his behavior.
He lost his job during the last recession.
She had no reason to be angry.
She won a prize in the competition.
His wife is pregnant with their second child.
His flight was postponed for three hours.
He persuaded the store manager to give him back his money.
His school day is divided into six periods.
He performs in a jazz club two nights a week.
He will move out of his parents' house.
He asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
She was complaining of back pain.
He owns a red sports car.
He owes the government a lot of money in taxes.
He opened the door and the dog ran out.
He sailed across the ocean in five days.
He likes to observe the people walking by.
He had the nerve to yell at the judge.
He was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
He loves studying math.
His family vacations in the mountains every summer.
He seems to have made a big mistake.
He missed the opportunity for a promotion.
He takes a pill with vitamins and minerals every day.
She sent me a funny text message.
He's a loyal citizen of his country.
He made sure his message was loud.
He has breakfast at the local coffee shop every day.
His dream is to live in the mountains.
He's a professor of literature.
She stood in line for an hour.
She drew a straight line on the paper.
Visit "nubo.re", a new website for Esperantists.
I heard Tom talking to someone in French.
That's the real goal.
It costs about three hundred dollars.
Australia is pretty far away.
That's what it takes.
I thought that it was very difficult.
That's what we'll do.
I presume that you do that sometimes.
I want to be able to play the violin as well as Tom.
The children love it.
I knew this would be difficult to do.
Both Tom and Mary are drinking.
The damage was minor.
I knew that this would be hard to do.
Nobody from Tom's family attended the wedding.
The deal is complete.
I had no idea that you felt that way.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't get fired.
The facts are simple.
I don't think that was a fair ruling.
I recommend you learn French.
The place is rocking.
Do you have everything that you need?
Tom was in Boston.
The result was chaos.
Thanks a million for your help, Mila, you're a truly amazing human being.
I have the utmost respect for the Tatoeba programmers, who have spent countless hours entirely for free to keep improving the site continuously.
I want to be able to play the saxophone as well as Tom.
The situation is bad.
What do you think that we should do?
Both Tom and Mary are thirteen.
The skies were clear.
This the best we've played all year.
Your way of doing that is much better than Tom's.
The tribe has spoken.
Call Tom and tell him that you'll be late.
The value is obvious.
Most of the trees here are fruit trees.
I'm sure I'll miss Australia.
There's no such rule.
Many people wouldn't do it that way.
There's no time left.
It was hard to say no to Tom.
It's hard to imagine that happening.
Both Tom and Mary are upstairs.
These are hard times.
It was ridiculously easy to do that.
The police found Tom's body floating in the harbor.
They gave us nothing.
It cost about three hundred dollars.
I heard Tom muttering something in French.
You can't keep those.
I'm sure that you'll love this book.
Many Canadians don't do that.
What's your main goal?
That isn't enough time.
I think that you need some time off.
Both Tom and Mary needed money.
That's not enough time.
I presume you don't do that anymore.
I'd still like to hear Tom's opinion before coming to a conclusion.
That's what I'd prefer.
I hope you're not mad at me anymore.
I thought Tom would make breakfast for us.
There are many options.
I found that really difficult to do.
Boston isn't all that far away.
I felt that the timing wasn't right.
Tom doesn't want help.
Those claims are false.
I don't think I can eat all of this.
Both Tom and Mary were excited.
Those tactics paid off.
I don't think that'll be worth the effort.
You're both Canadians, aren't you?
We aren't on an island.
I didn't think the timing was right.
I thought that Tom would make us breakfast.
Tom alienated Mary.
We were bored to tears.
I didn't think that I could do that.
I presume you can speak French.
We're not on an island.
You promised you'd do that with me.
Tom is a guy from Boston.
Failure isn't an option.
You promised that you'd go with me.
Who's that woman talking to Dad?
Guess whose car this is.
We don't need to hire anybody else.
Do you speak French with your kids?
I felt that wasn't fair.
There's nothing new on the shelves.
This picture was taken five years ago.
I hope I don't get hurt.
That's not a difficult thing to do.
I want my kids to learn French.
What are we having for a second course?
I translate from English and French.
I'm afraid I'd get lost.
That's been happening a lot lately.
Tom treated me like a dog.
I'm sorry I woke you up.
That would be easy enough to check.
I'm sorry we're so late.
That isn't a difficult thing to do.
Did you say you were going to Boston?
It felt good to do that.
One of the hikers is still missing.
It's hot here, very hot.
It's not the lifestyle that I want.
I'm sure you'll miss Australia.
Let's go out for coffee.
It's an easy concept to understand.
Tom was at home all night.
Look where you're going.
It'll take three months to do this.
To see this miracle of nature is awesome.
Both Tom and Mary were drinking.
We haven't visited Taiwan.
We didn't visit Taiwan.
No one knows everything.
It won't be easy to do it that way.
Did Tom say he was going to do that today?
Nobody knows everything.
I've been waiting here a long time.
One day won't be enough.
I'm glad that the thief was caught.
I speak French with my children.
That doesn't look right.
Your English looks pretty native-level to me.
Tom didn't seem to want one.
That method didn't work.
I got hoarse from all the shouting.
That's not all I wanted.
"Will Tom do that?" "Maybe, but who cares?"
The value isn't obvious.
I didn't really know anybody there.
I don't think that Tom knows what that means.
Would you like?
You're both musicians, aren't you?
That's what I like about Boston.
This is a stressful job.
Tom is a substitute teacher.
Tonight's party is BYOB.
We haven't yet made that decision.
Baruch Hashem.
We might need your help.
We haven't made that decision yet.
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be here?
We need a reality check.
We don't need to hire anyone else.
I want to make sure that Tom know what to do.
Children are people, too.
This ballad is thirty verses long.
I presume you don't speak French.
Did you ask for a discount?
Things like that can be unnerving.
Tom laughed whole-heartedly.
I felt something was off.
That's happened to me three times.
Both Tom and Mary are doing well.
I gave money to everyone.
Did you tell Tom that you knew how to do that?
I hope no one got killed.
Maybe I shouldn't've asked Tom that question.
I hope nobody got killed.
The new museum opens next Monday.
I just got off the train.
I'm not sure that's fair.
Both Tom and Mary are downstairs.
It's a difficult process.
Did Tom say that he was going to do that today?
Tom changed schools.
This car has heated seats.
Tom's car has heated seats.
It's a three-week course.
The driver of the car that hit Tom was drunk.
It's up to the committee.
What made him so angry?
What's wrong with telling him what happened?
When was the first time you met him?
Why didn't you tell him the truth?
You'd better not argue with him.
The tall man looked at him and smiled.
I've known him since I was little.
Almost everyone here knows French.
Many of us don't do that.
Nobody called the police.
Both Tom and Mary are over there.
That isn't my only worry.
What were you guys doing while he was chopping wood?'
What he ate almost killed him.
Why's he so annoyed?
What's he doing here at this hour?
Did you tell Tom you didn't know how to do that?
He likes to listen to classical music.
He's not as young as I am.
That's how it stands now.
I don't think Tom needs to ask for permission.
You shouldn't believe everything he tells you.
You don't have to do what he says.
That's just plain stupid.
Why would he do something like that?
Why do you think he wasn't at school today?
Why do you think he was crying?
I thought he was kind.
I hope he passes the exam.
Australia is pretty far away here.
That's my main focus now.
Tom is really scared of rats.
Tom sings and plays the guitar at a local bar every Friday night.
He couldn't do that to her.
She couldn't do that to him.
He wasn't very kind to her.
She wasn't very kind to him.
He gave a music box to her.
She gave a music box to him.
He refused to speak to her.
She refused to speak to him.
He should have someone do that for him.
She should have someone do that for her.
He gave a diamond bracelet to her.
He gave a bouquet of flowers to her.
He bought a rose and gave it to her.
He came to Boston to propose to her.
He went to Boston to propose to her.
He gave some beautiful roses to her.
He told me about what happened to her.
He told me about what happened to him.
He wants to buy a necklace for her.
He held open the limo door for her.
He bought a sewing machine for her.
He bought a pearl necklace for her.
He picked some pink flowers for her.
He wanted to buy a necklace for her.
He should've bought flowers for her.
He bought a pair of earrings for her.
He wanted to buy some flowers for her.
He bought a box of chocolates for her.
He bought a bouquet of flowers for her.
He brought a bouquet of flowers for her.
He picked out a very nice bracelet for her.
He ordered beer for himself and red wine for her.
He walked around the car and opened the door for her.
He ordered three hot dogs for himself and one for her.
He doesn't want to buy an expensive engagement ring for her.
He went out to look for her.
She went out to look for him.
He went out looking for her.
She went out looking for him.
He might be the one for her.
She might be the one for him.
He patiently waited for her.
He wrote the letter for her.
She wrote the letter for him.
He and I both voted for her.
She and I both voted for him.
He always does that for her.
She always does that for him.
He wants me to wait for her.
She wants me to wait for him.
He told me you work for her.
She told me you work for him.
He found a good job for her.
She found a good job for him.
He bought some food for her.
She bought some food for him.
He bought a new car for her.
She bought a new car for him.
He cooked something for her.
She cooked something for him.
He painted a picture for her.
She painted a picture for him.
He picked out a gift for her.
She picked out a gift for him.
He peeled the banana for her.
She peeled the banana for him.
He unlocked the door for her.
She unlocked the door for him.
He may have feelings for her.
She may have feelings for him.
He didn't go looking for her.
She didn't go looking for him.
He bought a necklace for her.
She bought a necklace for him.
He bought a bracelet for her.
She bought a bracelet for him.
He had great respect for her.
She had great respect for him.
He wanted to do that for her.
She wanted to do that for him.
He usually does that for her.
She usually does that for him.
He and I are looking for her.
She and I are looking for him.
He won't likely wait for her.
She won't likely wait for him.
He and I didn't wait for her.
She and I didn't wait for him.
He wants you to wait for her.
She wants you to wait for him.
He wanted me to wait for her.
She wanted me to wait for him.
He asked me to do it for her.
She asked me to do it for him.
He opened the bottle for her.
She opened the bottle for him.
He made a cup of tea for her.
She made a cup of tea for him.
He wants to get help for her.
She wants to get help for him.
He created a website for her.
She created a website for him.
He bought some candy for her.
She bought some candy for him.
He bought many gifts for her.
She bought many gifts for him.
He came here looking for her.
She came here looking for him.
He still has feelings for her.
She still has feelings for him.
He often runs errands for her.
She often runs errands for him.
He held the door open for her.
She held the door open for him.
He won't have to wait for her.
She won't have to wait for him.
He waited a good hour for her.
Tom is my youngest.
She waited a good hour for him.
He and I used to work for her.
She and I used to work for him.
He decided to go look for her.
She decided to go look for him.
He often cooks dinner for her.
She often cooks dinner for him.
He baked an apple pie for her.
She baked an apple pie for him.
He said you'd do that for her.
She said you'd do that for him.
He baked some cookies for her.
She baked some cookies for him.
He poured a cup of tea for her.
She poured a cup of tea for him.
He didn't buy anything for her.
She didn't buy anything for him.
He began to feel sorry for her.
She began to feel sorry for him.
He needs to buy a gift for her.
She needs to buy a gift for him.
He bought some clothes for her.
She bought some clothes for him.
He opened the car door for her.
She opened the car door for him.
He promised to do that for her.
She promised to do that for him.
He asked me to do that for her.
She asked me to do that for him.
He bought a microscope for her.
She bought a microscope for him.
He wants me to do that for her.
She wants me to do that for him.
He told me not to wait for her.
She told me not to wait for him.
He asked me to do this for her.
She asked me to do this for him.
He isn't going to wait for her.
She isn't going to wait for him.
He didn't want to work for her.
She didn't want to work for him.
He baked some brownies for her.
She baked some brownies for him.
He fell asleep waiting for her.
She fell asleep waiting for him.
He bought a dictionary for her.
She bought a dictionary for him.
He bought a small gift for her.
She bought a small gift for him.
He bought a few drinks for her.
She bought a few drinks for him.
He got tired of waiting for her.
She got tired of waiting for him.
He had a lot of respect for her.
She had a lot of respect for him.
He feels a little sorry for her.
She feels a little sorry for him.
He sharpened the knives for her.
She sharpened the knives for him.
He wasn't the right guy for her.
She wasn't the right guy for him.
He didn't open the door for her.
She didn't open the door for him.
He fell head over heels for her.
She fell head over heels for him.
He brought some clothes for her.
She brought some clothes for him.
He bought some lipstick for her.
She bought some lipstick for him.
He made a birthday cake for her.
She made a birthday cake for him.
He wants you to do that for her.
She wants you to do that for him.
He wants me to fix this for her.
She wants me to fix this for him.
He wanted me to do that for her.
She wanted me to do that for him.
He doesn't want to work for her.
She doesn't want to work for him.
He brought a small gift for her.
She brought a small gift for him.
He couldn't do anything for her.
She couldn't do anything for him.
He got impatient waiting for her.
She got impatient waiting for him.
He never stopped looking for her.
She never stopped looking for him.
He ought to do something for her.
She ought to do something for him.
He made a delicious meal for her.
He started to feel sorry for her.
She started to feel sorry for him.
He baked a birthday cake for her.
She baked a birthday cake for him.
He bought a diamond ring for her.
She bought a diamond ring for him.
He booked an appointment for her.
She booked an appointment for him.
He bought a nice present for her.
She bought a nice present for him.
He refuses to do anything for her.
She refuses to do anything for him.
He wants to buy a present for her.
She wants to buy a present for him.
He and I are both waiting for her.
She and I are both waiting for him.
He held open the car door for her.
She held open the car door for him.
He held the car door open for her.
She held the car door open for him.
He isn't going to do that for her.
She isn't going to do that for him.
He made some chicken soup for her.
She made some chicken soup for him.
He went to Boston to look for her.
She went to Boston to look for him.
He acted as an interpreter for her.
She acted as an interpreter for him.
He prepared a healthy meal for her.
She prepared a healthy meal for him.
He cooked a special dinner for her.
He isn't going to buy that for her.
She isn't going to buy that for him.
He doesn't want to do that for her.
She doesn't want to do that for him.
He wanted to buy a present for her.
She wanted to buy a present for him.
He doesn't need to do that for her.
She doesn't need to do that for him.
He doesn't have to do that for her.
She doesn't have to do that for him.
He tried to cook something for her.
She tried to cook something for him.
He bought a box of cookies for her.
She bought a box of cookies for him.
He still thinks I'm working for her.
She still thinks I'm working for him.
He decided to throw a party for her.
She decided to throw a party for him.
He filled out the paperwork for her.
She filled out the paperwork for him.
He left many voice messages for her.
She left many voice messages for him.
He left a note on the table for her.
She left a note on the table for him.
He scheduled an appointment for her.
She scheduled an appointment for him.
He wanted to cook something for her.
She wanted to cook something for him.
He opened the passenger door for her.
She opened the passenger door for him.
He waited on the front porch for her.
She waited on the front porch for him.
He spent all morning looking for her.
She spent all morning looking for him.
He doesn't know where to wait for her.
She doesn't know where to wait for him.
He doesn't know where to look for her.
He also needs to buy a ticket for her.
She also needs to buy a ticket for him.
He doesn't want me to do that for her.
She doesn't want me to do that for him.
He wasn't able to do anything for her.
She wasn't able to do anything for him.
He bought a Christmas present for her.
She bought a Christmas present for him.
He couldn't help feeling sorry for her.
He walked in and looked around for her.
She walked in and looked around for him.
He wanted to do something nice for her.
She wanted to do something nice for him.
He didn't seem to mind waiting for her.
She didn't seem to mind waiting for him.
He seemed reluctant to do that for her.
She seemed reluctant to do that for him.
He left a message on the table for her.
She left a message on the table for him.
He went to get a glass of water for her.
She went to get a glass of water for him.
He sat there all alone, waiting for her.
She sat there all alone, waiting for him.
He spent the whole night looking for her.
She spent the whole night looking for him.
He opened the door and held it open for her.
She opened the door and held it open for him.
He forgot to buy a birthday present for her.
She forgot to buy a birthday present for him.
He sketched a picture of an elephant for her.
She sketched a picture of an elephant for him.
He smuggled something into Australia for her.
She smuggled something into Australia for him.
He planned a surprise birthday party for her.
She planned a surprise birthday party for him.
He needed some money to buy something for her.
She needed some money to buy something for him.
He wanted to do something really nice for her.
She wanted to do something really nice for him.
He stopped by occasionally to fix things for her.
She stopped by occasionally to fix things for him.
He suggested that we have a farewell party for her.
She suggested that we have a farewell party for him.
He and I had a long conversation while we were waiting for her.
She and I had a long conversation while we were waiting for him.
He drove all the way across town just to buy a birthday cake for her.
She drove all the way across town just to buy a birthday cake for him.
He felt that it would be a waste of time to translate the letter for her.
She felt that it would be a waste of time to translate the letter for him.
He didn't give that to her.
She didn't give that to him.
He didn't show that to her.
She didn't show that to him.
He may want to talk to her.
She may want to talk to him.
He should just talk to her.
She should just talk to him.
He shouldn't listen to her.
She shouldn't listen to him.
He showed something to her.
She showed something to him.
He seemed attracted to her.
She seemed attracted to him.
He wrote a postcard to her.
She wrote a postcard to him.
He gave the picture to her.
She gave the picture to him.
He could lend money to her.
She could lend money to him.
He sent the picture to her.
She sent the picture to him.
He made me sit next to her.
She made me sit next to him.
He handed the broom to her.
She handed the broom to him.
He dedicated a song to her.
She dedicated a song to him.
He hardly ever talks to her.
She hardly ever talks to him.
He dashed off a note to her.
She dashed off a note to him.
He almost never lies to her.
She almost never lies to him.
He handed a cocktail to her.
She handed a cocktail to him.
He returned the keys to her.
She returned the keys to him.
He didn't write back to her.
She didn't write back to him.
He went over to talk to her.
She went over to talk to him.
He passed the butter to her.
She passed the butter to him.
He slumped down next to her.
She slumped down next to him.
He never even talked to her.
She never even talked to him.
He gave the envelope to her.
She gave the envelope to him.
He gave some flowers to her.
She gave some flowers to him.
He asked me to speak to her.
She asked me to speak to him.
He continued to talk to her.
She continued to talk to him.
He spilled the beans to her.
She spilled the beans to him.
He refused to listen to her.
She refused to listen to him.
He still has to talk to her.
She still has to talk to him.
He handed the pencil to her.
She handed the pencil to him.
He handed a sandwich to her.
She handed a sandwich to him.
He hasn't yet talked to her.
She hasn't yet talked to him.
He sent some flowers to her.
She sent some flowers to him.
He sent many letters to her.
She sent many letters to him.
He handed a pamphlet to her.
She handed a pamphlet to him.
He hasn't apologized to her.
She hasn't apologized to him.
He went there to talk to her.
She went there to talk to him.
He used to be married to her.
She used to be married to him.
He suggested the idea to her.
She suggested the idea to him.
He moved a bit closer to her.
She moved a bit closer to him.
He explained the plan to her.
She explained the plan to him.
He hopes you'll speak to her.
She hopes you'll speak to him.
He introduced himself to her.
She introduced herself to him.
He should've listened to her.
She should've listened to him.
He crouched down next to her.
She crouched down next to him.
He showed some photos to her.
She showed some photos to him.
He says we can't talk to her.
She says we can't talk to him.
He can't wait to talk to her.
She can't wait to talk to him.
He wanted to sit next to her.
She wanted to sit next to him.
He handed the picture to her.
She handed the picture to him.
He handed an envelope to her.
She handed an envelope to him.
He explained the joke to her.
She explained the joke to him.
He showed the drawing to her.
She showed the drawing to him.
He reported the facts to her.
She reported the facts to him.
He patiently listened to her.
She patiently listened to him.
He wrote long letters to her.
She wrote long letters to him.
He sent a long letter to her.
She sent a long letter to him.
He didn't do anything to her.
She didn't do anything to him.
He used to be engaged to her.
She used to be engaged to him.
He showed the forgery to her.
She showed the forgery to him.
He and I want to talk to her.
She and I want to talk to him.
He said this belonged to her.
She said this belonged to him.
He needs to apologize to her.
She needs to apologize to him.
He listened carefully to her.
She listened carefully to him.
He wrote many letters to her.
She wrote many letters to him.
He might want to talk to her.
She might want to talk to him.
He showed the picture to her.
She showed the picture to him.
He shouldn't say that to her.
She shouldn't say that to him.
He didn't try to talk to her.
She didn't try to talk to him.
He wasn't able to talk to her.
He lent thirty dollars to her.
She lent thirty dollars to him.
He explained the rules to her.
She explained the rules to him.
He handed the contract to her.
She handed the contract to him.
He doesn't want to lie to her.
She doesn't want to lie to him.
He showed the pictures to her.
She showed the pictures to him.
He actually apologized to her.
She actually apologized to him.
He knows what happened to her.
She knows what happened to him.
He asked me to take it to her.
She asked me to take it to him.
He never was very kind to her.
She never was very kind to him.
He just wanted to talk to her.
She just wanted to talk to him.
He didn't want to talk to her.
She didn't want to talk to him.
He threw the ball back to her.
She threw the ball back to him.
He handed the document to her.
She handed the document to him.
He leaned over to talk to her.
She leaned over to talk to him.
He wrote a love letter to her.
She wrote a love letter to him.
He gave a lot of money to her.
She gave a lot of money to him.
He told me not to talk to her.
She told me not to talk to him.
He gave the money back to her.
She gave the money back to him.
He gave the flashlight to her.
She gave the flashlight to him.
He wanted to apologize to her.
She wanted to apologize to him.
He didn't say anything to her.
She didn't say anything to him.
He didn't stop talking to her.
She didn't stop talking to him.
He still hasn't talked to her.
She still hasn't talked to him.
He isn't still married to her.
She isn't still married to him.
He knows who gave that to her.
She knows who gave that to him.
He sent a text message to her.
She sent a text message to him.
He wrote a long letter to her.
She wrote a long letter to him.
He sat on the bus next to her.
She sat on the bus next to him.
He found himself drawn to her.
She found herself drawn to him.
He doesn't really talk to her.
She doesn't really talk to him.
He hurried to catch up to her.
She hurried to catch up to him.
He read the book aloud to her.
She read the book aloud to him.
He handed the scissors to her.
She handed the scissors to him.
He wasn't sitting next to her.
She wasn't sitting next to him.
He explained the system to her.
She explained the system to him.
He explained everything to her.
She explained everything to him.
He doesn't want to talk to her.
She doesn't want to talk to him.
He explained the matter to her.
She explained the matter to him.
He should've been nicer to her.
She should've been nicer to him.
He told me to give this to her.
She told me to give this to him.
He showed some pictures to her.
She showed some pictures to him.
He sent a birthday card to her.
She sent a birthday card to him.
He nervously looks over to her.
She nervously looks over to him.
He repeated what I said to her.
She repeated what I said to him.
He handed the newspaper to her.
She handed the newspaper to him.
He confessed everything to her.
She confessed everything to him.
He refused to even talk to her.
She refused to even talk to him.
He handed a set of keys to her.
She handed a set of keys to him.
He always speaks French to her.
She always speaks French to him.
He should've apologized to her.
She should've apologized to him.
He gave a cup of coffee to her.
She gave a cup of coffee to him.
He showed the documents to her.
She showed the documents to him.
He handed the brochures to her.
She handed the brochures to him.
He explained the project to her.
She explained the project to him.
He decided to make it up to her.
She decided to make it up to him.
He handed the photo back to her.
She handed the photo back to him.
He wanted to get married to her.
She wanted to get married to him.
He jotted down a message to her.
She jotted down a message to him.
He didn't have to listen to her.
She didn't have to listen to him.
He sat on the grass next to her.
She sat on the grass next to him.
He explained the problem to her.
She explained the problem to him.
He forgot to say goodbye to her.
She forgot to say goodbye to him.
He sat on the bench next to her.
She sat on the bench next to him.
He sat on the couch next to her.
She sat on the couch next to him.
He sat on the floor next to her.
She sat on the floor next to him.
He sat in the chair next to her.
She sat in the chair next to him.
He wanted to say goodbye to her.
She wanted to say goodbye to him.
He handed a baseball bat to her.
She handed a baseball bat to him.
He explained the details to her.
She explained the details to him.
He delivered the package to her.
She delivered the package to him.
He couldn't stop talking to her.
She couldn't stop talking to him.
He began sending letters to her.
She began sending letters to him.
He didn't even apologize to her.
She didn't even apologize to him.
He sent a Christmas card to her.
She sent a Christmas card to him.
He usually speaks French to her.
She usually speaks French to him.
He should've let me talk to her.
She should've let me talk to him.
He really wanted to talk to her.
She really wanted to talk to him.
He tried to explain that to her.
She tried to explain that to him.
He sat down and listened to her.
She sat down and listened to him.
He lives right next door to her.
She lives right next door to him.
He hasn't yet apologized to her.
She hasn't yet apologized to him.
He should have apologized to her.
She should have apologized to him.
He mentioned the incident to her.
She mentioned the incident to him.
He wondered what happened to her.
She wondered what happened to him.
He thinks you should talk to her.
She thinks you should talk to him.
He explained the schedule to her.
She explained the schedule to him.
He handed the salt shaker to her.
She handed the salt shaker to him.
He isn't really listening to her.
She isn't really listening to him.
He handed the photo album to her.
She handed the photo album to him.
He handed a glass of wine to her.
She handed a glass of wine to him.
He wrote a lot of letters to her.
She wrote a lot of letters to him.
He said some nasty things to her.
She said some nasty things to him.
He gave an expensive gift to her.
She gave an expensive gift to him.
He gradually moved closer to her.
He handed a cup of coffee to her.
She handed a cup of coffee to him.
He won't want to sit next to her.
She won't want to sit next to him.
He tried to say something to her.
She tried to say something to him.
He left the final decision to her.
She left the final decision to him.
He didn't know what to say to her.
He bought a camera to give to her.
She bought a camera to give to him.
He wanted to say something to her.
She wanted to say something to him.
He explained the situation to her.
She explained the situation to him.
He knows this is important to her.
She knows this is important to him.
He had nothing else to say to her.
She had nothing else to say to him.
He had to explain the joke to her.
She had to explain the joke to him.
He handed the empty bottle to her.
She handed the empty bottle to him.
He gave the sheet of paper to her.
She gave the sheet of paper to him.
He handed the picture back to her.
She handed the picture back to him.
He sent a picture postcard to her.
She sent a picture postcard to him.
He never even said goodbye to her.
She never even said goodbye to him.
He isn't coming, according to her.
She isn't coming, according to him.
He took a few steps closer to her.
She took a few steps closer to him.
He slid into the seat next to her.
He didn't want to sit next to her.
She didn't want to sit next to him.
He decided not to sit next to her.
She decided not to sit next to him.
He never was very friendly to her.
She never was very friendly to him.
He made sure nobody talked to her.
She made sure nobody talked to him.
He made another suggestion to her.
She made another suggestion to him.
He had a good time talking to her.
She had a good time talking to him.
He gave one of the puppies to her.
She gave one of the puppies to him.
He gave an expensive watch to her.
She gave an expensive watch to him.
He handed a small envelope to her.
She handed a small envelope to him.
He still hasn't apologized to her.
She still hasn't apologized to him.
He regrets having been rude to her.
She regrets having been rude to him.
He gave the manila envelope to her.
She gave the manila envelope to him.
He wants me to stop talking to her.
She wants me to stop talking to him.
He gave the dictionary back to her.
She gave the dictionary back to him.
He didn't even want to talk to her.
She didn't even want to talk to him.
He leaned forward and spoke to her.
She leaned forward and spoke to him.
He told me I shouldn't talk to her.
She told me I shouldn't talk to him.
He ended up getting married to her.
He gave a Christmas present to her.
She gave a Christmas present to him.
He didn't pay any attention to her.
She didn't pay any attention to him.
He sat down on the bed next to her.
She sat down on the bed next to him.
He should've paid attention to her.
She should've paid attention to him.
He wanted to be buried next to her.
She wanted to be buried next to him.
He doesn't have to apologize to her.
She doesn't have to apologize to him.
He doesn't pay any attention to her.
She doesn't pay any attention to him.
He doesn't care what happens to her.
She doesn't care what happens to him.
He barely pays any attention to her.
She barely pays any attention to him.
He explained the whole thing to her.
She explained the whole thing to him.
He sat down on the sand next to her.
She sat down on the sand next to him.
He didn't pay much attention to her.
She didn't pay much attention to him.
He decided to send a message to her.
She decided to send a message to him.
He took a selfie and sent it to her.
She took a selfie and sent it to him.
He paid very close attention to her.
She paid very close attention to him.
He said some terrible things to her.
She said some terrible things to him.
He won't likely speak French to her.
She won't likely speak French to him.
He doesn't know who did that to her.
She doesn't know who did that to him.
He doesn't like sitting next to her.
She doesn't like sitting next to him.
He doesn't know what happened to her.
She doesn't know what happened to him.
He didn't know how to respond to her.
She didn't know how to respond to him.
He sat down on the floor next to her.
She sat down on the floor next to him.
He asked me what had happened to her.
She asked me what had happened to him.
He sat down on the couch next to her.
She sat down on the couch next to him.
He handed the empty pizza box to her.
She handed the empty pizza box to him.
He never got a chance to talk to her.
She never got a chance to talk to him.
He sat down on the bench next to her.
She sat down on the bench next to him.
He explained the circumstances to her.
She explained the circumstances to him.
He didn't have anything to say to her.
She didn't have anything to say to him.
He tried to explain everything to her.
She tried to explain everything to him.
He knows how important this is to her.
She knows how important this is to him.
He isn't supposed to even talk to her.
She isn't supposed to even talk to him.
He didn't even send a postcard to her.
She didn't even send a postcard to him.
He went over and sat down next to her.
She went over and sat down next to him.
He didn't seem to want to talk to her.
She didn't seem to want to talk to him.
He didn't seem to be listening to her.
She didn't seem to be listening to him.
He didn't want anybody to talk to her.
She didn't want anybody to talk to him.
He wants to know what happened to her.
She wants to know what happened to him.
He wants to explain everything to her.
She wants to explain everything to him.
He needs to explain everything to her.
She needs to explain everything to him.
I'm not in a position to stop it.
He lives in the apartment next to her.
She lives in the apartment next to him.
He knew something had happened to her.
She knew something had happened to him.
He can't get over what happened to her.
She can't get over what happened to him.
He wanted to know what happened to her.
She wanted to know what happened to him.
He wanted to explain everything to her.
She wanted to explain everything to him.
She doesn't care what happens to her.
He doesn't care what happens to him.
He bought a box of candy to give to her.
He assumed the bracelet belonged to her.
He gave a pair of diamond earrings to her.
He assumed that the bracelet belonged to her.
She needs us to help her.
She asked us to help her.
He asked if I liked him.
She asked if I liked her.
He asked me to call him.
She asked me to call her.
He begged us to help him.
She begged us to help her.
He needed to explain everything to her.
She needed to explain everything to him.
He wasn't the one who gave that to her.
She wasn't the one who gave that to him.
He remembered what had happened to her.
She remembered what had happened to him.
He stood on the sidewalk talking to her.
She stood on the sidewalk talking to him.
He wants to get married, but not to her.
She wants to get married, but not to him.
He didn't have a chance to speak to her.
She didn't have a chance to speak to him.
He didn't know what had happened to her.
She didn't know what had happened to him.
He blew up a balloon and gave it to her.
She blew up a balloon and gave it to him.
He tried to explain the situation to her.
She tried to explain the situation to him.
He shouldn't say things like that to her.
She shouldn't say things like that to him.
He wasn't really paying attention to her.
She wasn't really paying attention to him.
He thought something had happened to her.
She thought something had happened to him.
He doesn't yet know what happened to her.
She doesn't yet know what happened to him.
He wrote a three-page love letter to her.
She wrote a three-page love letter to him.
He explained the rules of the game to her.
She explained the rules of the game to him.
He doesn't want to be seen talking to her.
She doesn't want to be seen talking to him.
He handed an envelope full of cash to her.
She handed an envelope full of cash to him.
He didn't have the courage to speak to her.
She didn't have the courage to speak to him.
He blames himself for what happened to her.
She blames herself for what happened to him.
He picked the book up and handed it to her.
She picked the book up and handed it to him.
He gave a French-English dictionary to her.
She gave a French-English dictionary to him.
He knew that something had happened to her.
She knew that something had happened to him.
He didn't care anymore what happened to her.
She didn't care anymore what happened to him.
He didn't seem to pay much attention to her.
She didn't seem to pay much attention to him.
He folded the paper before handing it to her.
She folded the paper before handing it to him.
He took out some coins and handed one to her.
She took out some coins and handed one to him.
He handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to her.
She handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to him.
He made me promise not to say anything to her.
She made me promise not to say anything to him.
He tried to explain what was happening to her.
She tried to explain what was happening to him.
He bought a book yesterday and gave it to her.
She bought a book yesterday and gave it to him.
He wanted to buy that book and give it to her.
She wanted to buy that book and give it to him.
He counted the money before handing it to her.
She counted the money before handing it to him.
He knew better than to say such a thing to her.
She knew better than to say such a thing to him.
He explained the purpose of the project to her.
She explained the purpose of the project to him.
He wants me to write a birthday message to her.
She wants me to write a birthday message to him.
He unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to her.
She unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to him.
He hoped to find an opportunity to talk to her.
She hoped to find an opportunity to talk to him.
He poured a cup of coffee and offered it to her.
She poured a cup of coffee and offered it to him.
He took a picture of himself and sent it to her.
She took a picture of herself and sent it to him.
He didn't have time to explain everything to her.
She didn't have time to explain everything to him.
He bought a couple of books and gave them to her.
She bought a couple of books and gave them to him.
He didn't have any idea what had happened to her.
She didn't have any idea what had happened to him.
He took a book off the shelf and handed it to her.
She took a book off the shelf and handed it to him.
He softly closed the door and tiptoed over to her.
She softly closed the door and tiptoed over to him.
He knew that the dog on the porch belonged to her.
She knew that the dog on the porch belonged to him.
He finally mustered up the courage to talk to her.
She finally mustered up the courage to talk to him.
He took a drink and then offered the bottle to her.
She took a drink and then offered the bottle to him.
He patiently tried to explain the situation to her.
She patiently tried to explain the situation to him.
He took one piece of pie and gave the other to her.
She took one piece of pie and gave the other to him.
He read the letter first and then handed it to her.
She read the letter first and then handed it to him.
He entered the bar and sat on the stool next to her.
She entered the bar and sat on the stool next to him.
He finished reading the book and returned it to her.
She finished reading the book and returned it to him.
He should've known better than to lend money to her.
She should've known better than to lend money to him.
He folded the paper in half before handing it to her.
She folded the paper in half before handing it to him.
He poured some milk into a glass and handed it to her.
She poured some milk into a glass and handed it to him.
He took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to her.
She took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to him.
He poured milk into the glass and then handed it to her.
She poured milk into the glass and then handed it to him.
He wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to her.
She wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to him.
He poured two glasses of orange juice and handed one to her.
She poured two glasses of orange juice and handed one to him.
He got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to her.
She got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to him.
He grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to her.
She grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to him.
He returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to her.
She returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to him.
He wants to be with her.
She wants to be with him.
He sympathized with her.
She sympathized with him.
He shook hands with her.
He often talks with her.
She often talks with him.
He had a fight with her.
She had a fight with him.
He sang a duet with her.
She sang a duet with him.
He needs to be with her.
She needs to be with him.
He couldn't go with her.
She couldn't go with him.
He walked home with her.
She walked home with him.
He liked being with her.
She liked being with him.
He stayed home with her.
She stayed home with him.
He can go home with her.
She can go home with him.
He may do that with her.
She may do that with him.
He and I'll go with her.
She and I'll go with him.
He isn't upset with her.
She isn't upset with him.
He won't argue with her.
She won't argue with him.
He ought to go with her.
She ought to go with him.
He needs to go with her.
I didn't really know anyone there.
She needs to go with him.
He let me stay with her.
She let me stay with him.
He should stay with her.
She should stay with him.
He locked eyes with her.
She locked eyes with him.
He played cards with her.
She played cards with him.
I'm sure that you'll miss Australia.
He never agrees with her.
She never agrees with him.
He doesn't live with her.
He didn't agree with her.
He wanted to be with her.
She wanted to be with him.
He enjoys being with her.
I'm afraid that I'd get lost.
She enjoys being with him.
He played chess with her.
She played chess with him.
I felt that that wasn't fair.
He made friends with her.
She made friends with him.
You promised you'd go with me.
He left the bar with her.
She left the bar with him.
He didn't argue with her.
I presume that you can speak French.
She didn't argue with him.
He often argues with her.
She often argues with him.
He wanted to go with her.
She wanted to go with him.
He spent a year with her.
She spent a year with him.
He didn't dance with her.
She didn't dance with him.
He had problems with her.
She had problems with him.
He made fun of her.
She made fun of him.
He took care of her.
She took care of him.
I thought that Tom would make breakfast for us.
He takes care of her.
She takes care of him.
He lost sight of her.
She lost sight of him.
He thought only of her.
She thought only of him.
He spoke highly of her.
She spoke highly of him.
He isn't afraid of her.
She isn't afraid of him.
He went instead of her.
She went instead of him.
He sat in front of her.
She sat in front of him.
He arrived ahead of her.
She arrived ahead of him.
He became afraid of her.
She became afraid of him.
He didn't let go of her.
She didn't let go of him.
He thinks highly of her.
He took pictures of her.
She took pictures of him.
He stood in front of her.
She stood in front of him.
He took a picture of her.
She took a picture of him.
He drew a picture of her.
She drew a picture of him.
He took good care of her.
She took good care of him.
He takes good care of her.
She takes good care of him.
He often makes fun of her.
She often makes fun of him.
He had to take care of her.
She had to take care of him.
He doesn't see much of her.
She doesn't see much of him.
He caught a glimpse of her.
She caught a glimpse of him.
He expects too much of her.
She expects too much of him.
He always took care of her.
She always took care of him.
I'm sure you'll love this book.
He thinks the world of her.
He and I are afraid of her.
She and I are afraid of him.
Tom and Mary are both upstairs.
He sat just in front of her.
She sat just in front of him.
I'm sure that I'll miss Australia.
He likes to make fun of her.
She likes to make fun of him.
He sent me a picture of her.
She sent me a picture of him.
He couldn't get hold of her.
She couldn't get hold of him.
He shouldn't make fun of her.
She shouldn't make fun of him.
He had a good opinion of her.
She had a good opinion of him.
He started making fun of her.
She started making fun of him.
He frequently thought of her.
She frequently thought of him.
He still seems afraid of her.
She still seems afraid of him.
He went there instead of her.
She went there instead of him.
He seems to be afraid of her.
She seems to be afraid of him.
He took very good care of her.
She took very good care of him.
He thinks quite highly of her.
She thinks quite highly of him.
He showed us a picture of her.
She showed us a picture of him.
He showed me a picture of her.
She showed me a picture of him.
He and I aren't scared of her.
She and I aren't scared of him.
He seemed to be afraid of her.
She seemed to be afraid of him.
He wanted to take care of her.
She wanted to take care of him.
He couldn't get a hold of her.
She couldn't get a hold of him.
He agreed to take care of her.
She agreed to take care of him.
He tried to never think of her.
She tried to never think of him.
He set a drink in front of her.
She set a drink in front of him.
He asked me to take care of her.
She asked me to take care of him.
He promised to take care of her.
She promised to take care of him.
He asked me to keep track of her.
She asked me to keep track of him.
He put some food in front of her.
She put some food in front of him.
He took a lot of pictures of her.
She took a lot of pictures of him.
He ran down the path ahead of her.
She ran down the path ahead of him.
He put the ashtray in front of her.
She put the ashtray in front of him.
He got into trouble because of her.
She got into trouble because of him.
He wasn't able to take care of her.
She wasn't able to take care of him.
He didn't seem to be afraid of her.
She didn't seem to be afraid of him.
He put a cup of coffee in front of her.
She put a cup of coffee in front of him.
He spent the whole day thinking of her.
She spent the whole day thinking of him.
He finally managed to get a hold of her.
She finally managed to get a hold of him.
He made a fool of himself in front of her.
She made a fool of herself in front of him.
He spent a sleepless night thinking of her.
She spent a sleepless night thinking of him.
He put a cup of coffee down in front of her.
She put a cup of coffee down in front of him.
He certainly knew how to take advantage of her.
She certainly knew how to take advantage of him.
He put a cup of coffee on the table in front of her.
She put a cup of coffee on the table in front of him.
He put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of her.
She put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of him.
He asked about her.
She asked about him.
He talked about her.
She talked about him.
He dreamed about her.
She dreamed about him.
He told me about her.
She told me about him.
He worries about her.
She worries about him.
He worried about her.
She worried about him.
He asked me about her.
She asked me about him.
He knows all about her.
She knows all about him.
He forgot all about her.
She forgot all about him.
He knows a lot about her.
She knows a lot about him.
He often talks about her.
She often talks about him.
He never asked about her.
She never asked about him.
He spoke to me about her.
She spoke to me about him.
He talked to me about her.
She talked to me about him.
He knew nothing about her.
She knew nothing about him.
He kept talking about her.
She kept talking about him.
He didn't think about her.
She didn't think about him.
He said nothing about her.
She said nothing about him.
He never talked about her.
She never talked about him.
He wrote a song about her.
She wrote a song about him.
He always talks about her.
She always talks about him.
He doesn't know about her.
She doesn't know about him.
He isn't worried about her.
She isn't worried about him.
He never worried about her.
She never worried about him.
He often thought about her.
She often thought about him.
He likes talking about her.
She likes talking about him.
He likes to talk about her.
She likes to talk about him.
He mostly talked about her.
She mostly talked about him.
He knows nothing about her.
She knows nothing about him.
He began to worry about her.
She began to worry about him.
He wasn't worried about her.
She wasn't worried about him.
He knew everything about her.
She knew everything about him.
He must be worried about her.
She must be worried about him.
He shouldn't worry about her.
She shouldn't worry about him.
He said bad things about her.
She said bad things about him.
He started talking about her.
She started talking about him.
He asked the doctor about her.
She asked the doctor about him.
He didn't even talk about her.
She didn't even talk about him.
He knows how I feel about her.
She knows how I feel about him.
He likes everything about her.
She likes everything about him.
He worries too much about her.
She worries too much about him.
He started worrying about her.
She started worrying about him.
He knows quite a lot about her.
She knows quite a lot about him.
He wants to tell you about her.
She wants to tell you about him.
He spread falsehoods about her.
She spread falsehoods about him.
He doesn't know much about her.
She doesn't know much about him.
He said not to worry about her.
She said not to worry about him.
He doesn't know squat about her.
She doesn't know squat about him.
He tried not to think about her.
She tried not to think about him.
He doesn't know a lot about her.
She doesn't know a lot about him.
He wants to know more about her.
She wants to know more about him.
He can't help thinking about her.
She can't help thinking about him.
He can't stop thinking about her.
She can't stop thinking about him.
He wants to learn more about her.
She wants to learn more about him.
He said the same thing about her.
She said the same thing about him.
He didn't want to talk about her.
She didn't want to talk about him.
He wanted to know more about her.
She wanted to know more about him.
He knows almost nothing about her.
She knows almost nothing about him.
He knows a lot of stuff about her.
She knows a lot of stuff about him.
He seemed to be worried about her.
She seemed to be worried about him.
He didn't know anything about her.
She didn't know anything about him.
He said terrible things about her.
She said terrible things about him.
He might know something about her.
She might know something about him.
He fell asleep thinking about her.
She fell asleep thinking about him.
He doesn't need to worry about her.
She doesn't need to worry about him.
He doesn't know anything about her.
She doesn't know anything about him.
He certainly knows a lot about her.
She certainly knows a lot about him.
He couldn't stop talking about her.
She couldn't stop talking about him.
He doesn't have to worry about her.
She doesn't have to worry about him.
He seemed really worried about her.
She seemed really worried about him.
He couldn't help worrying about her.
She couldn't help worrying about him.
He couldn't help thinking about her.
She couldn't help thinking about him.
He couldn't stop thinking about her.
She couldn't stop thinking about him.
He said some nasty things about her.
She said some nasty things about him.
He didn't tell me anything about her.
She didn't tell me anything about him.
He asked me some questions about her.
She asked me some questions about him.
He told me a little secret about her.
She told me a little secret about him.
He always says nice things about her.
He knows exactly how I feel about her.
She knows exactly how I feel about him.
He seemed genuinely worried about her.
She seemed genuinely worried about him.
He wanted to know everything about her.
She wanted to know everything about him.
He said some terrible things about her.
She said some terrible things about him.
He didn't seem to be worried about her.
She didn't seem to be worried about him.
He doesn't seem to know much about her.
She doesn't seem to know much about him.
He doesn't believe the rumors about her.
She doesn't believe the rumors about him.
He doesn't seem to know a lot about her.
She doesn't seem to know a lot about him.
He never thought anything bad about her.
She never thought anything bad about him.
He doesn't mind what people say about her.
She doesn't mind what people say about him.
He asked if anyone knew anything about her.
She asked if anyone knew anything about him.
He asked if anybody knew anything about her.
She asked if anybody knew anything about him.
He pretended not to know anything about her.
She pretended not to know anything about him.
He spent the whole night worrying about her.
She spent the whole night worrying about him.
He spent the whole night thinking about her.
She spent the whole night thinking about him.
He didn't believe what I told him about her.
She didn't believe what I told him about him.
He spends way too much time thinking about her.
She spends way too much time thinking about him.
He doesn't want to hear anything more about her.
She doesn't want to hear anything more about him.
He lay awake for a long time thinking about her.
She lay awake for a long time thinking about him.
He lay awake almost all night thinking about her.
She lay awake almost all night thinking about him.
He doesn't want anybody asking questions about her.
She doesn't want anybody asking questions about him.
He spent the remainder of the night thinking about her.
She spent the remainder of the night thinking about him.
He relied on her.
She relied on him.
He relies on her.
She relies on him.
He depends on her.
She depends on him.
He hung up on her.
She hung up on him.
He can rely on her.
She can rely on him.
He can count on her.
She can count on him.
He blamed it on her.
She blamed it on him.
He took pity on her.
He walked out on her.
She walked out on him.
He pulled a gun on her.
She pulled a gun on him.
He blamed it all on her.
She blamed it all on him.
He came to check on her.
She came to check on him.
He played a joke on her.
She played a joke on him.
He played a trick on her.
She played a trick on him.
He pulled a knife on her.
She pulled a knife on him.
He played a prank on her.
She played a prank on him.
He depends too much on her.
She depends too much on him.
He never laid a hand on her.
She never laid a hand on him.
He had a major crush on her.
She had a major crush on him.
He still has a crush on her.
She still has a crush on him.
He blamed everything on her.
She blamed everything on him.
He blamed the failure on her.
She blamed the failure on him.
He might have a crush on her.
She might have a crush on him.
He blamed the problem on her.
She blamed the problem on him.
He blamed the accident on her.
She blamed the accident on him.
He didn't want to impose on her.
She didn't want to impose on him.
He definitely has a crush on her.
He asked me to keep an eye on her.
She asked me to keep an eye on him.
He used reverse psychology on her.
She used reverse psychology on him.
He made quite an impression on her.
She made quite an impression on him.
He still appears to have a crush on her.
She still appears to have a crush on him.
He tried to use reverse psychology on her.
She tried to use reverse psychology on him.
He went back into the room to check on her.
She went back into the room to check on him.
He ran after her.
She ran after him.
He chased after her.
She chased after him.
He dashed after her.
She dashed after him.
He took off after her.
She took off after him.
He followed after her.
She followed after him.
He got here after her.
She got here after him.
He rushed out after her.
She rushed out after him.
He turned and ran after her.
She turned and ran after him.
He got here right after her.
She got here right after him.
He died three days after her.
She died three days after him.
He arrived shortly after her.
She arrived shortly after him.
He entered the room after her.
She entered the room after him.
He asked me to look after her.
She asked me to look after him.
He got home a little after her.
She got home a little after him.
He died three months after her.
She died three months after him.
He ran down the stairs after her.
She ran down the stairs after him.
He ran down the street after her.
She ran down the street after him.
He came into the room a few minutes after her.
She came into the room a few minutes after him.
He sat behind her.
She sat behind him.
He sits behind her.
She sits behind him.
He stood behind her.
She stood behind him.
He came up behind her.
She came up behind him.
He followed behind her.
She followed behind him.
He snuck up behind her.
She snuck up behind him.
He stood right behind her.
She stood right behind him.
He saw something behind her.
She saw something behind him.
He followed close behind her.
She followed close behind him.
He sat on the sled behind her.
She sat on the sled behind him.
He followed closely behind her.
She followed closely behind him.
He sat on the motorcycle behind her.
She sat on the motorcycle behind him.
He noticed that someone was standing behind her.
She noticed that someone was standing behind him.
He did well by her.
He felt ignored by her.
She felt ignored by him.
He wasn't intimidated by her.
She wasn't intimidated by him.
He seems to be intimidated by her.
She seems to be intimidated by him.
He leaned towards her.
She leaned towards him.
He walked towards her.
She walked towards him.
He took a step towards her.
She took a step towards him.
He slowly walked towards her.
She slowly walked towards him.
He started walking towards her.
She started walking towards him.
He moved toward her.
She moved toward him.
He walked toward her.
She walked toward him.
He looked toward her.
She looked toward him.
He took a step toward her.
She took a step toward him.
He shoved the bowl toward her.
She shoved the bowl toward him.
He took another step toward her.
She took another step toward him.
He put an arm around her.
She put an arm around him.
He gets nervous around her.
She gets nervous around him.
He can't stand being around her.
She can't stand being around him.
He doesn't want to be around her.
She doesn't want to be around him.
He always seems nervous around her.
She always seems nervous around him.
He woke up before her.
She woke up before him.
He left just before her.
She left just before him.
He arrived there before her.
She arrived there before him.
He got here an hour before her.
She got here an hour before him.
He can't get over her.
She can't get over him.
He never got over her.
She never got over him.
He laid a blanket over her.
He never really got over her.
He got a blanket and put it over her.
She got a blanket and put it over him.
He lives just one floor above her.
She lives just one floor above him.
He lives in the apartment above her.
She lives in the apartment above him.
He doesn't trust anyone except her.
She doesn't trust anyone except him.
He doesn't trust anybody except her.
She doesn't trust anybody except him.
He lives in the apartment below her.
She lives in the apartment below him.
He can't live without her.
He came alone, without her.
She came alone, without him.
He couldn't live without her.
She couldn't live without him.
He won't do that without her.
She won't do that without him.
He couldn't do that without her.
She couldn't do that without him.
He won't be leaving without her.
She won't be leaving without him.
He refused to leave without her.
She refused to leave without him.
He wanted to do that without her.
She wanted to do that without him.
He says we can start without her.
She says we can start without him.
He won't go shopping without her.
She won't go shopping without him.
He won't go to Boston without her.
She won't go to Boston without him.
He won't be happy here without her.
She won't be happy here without him.
He couldn't have done it without her.
She couldn't have done it without him.
He won't let us go there without her.
She won't let us go there without him.
He doesn't want to do that without her.
She doesn't want to do that without him.
He couldn't have done that without her.
She couldn't have done that without him.
He shouldn't have done that without her.
She shouldn't have done that without him.
He testified against her.
He wanted to testify against her.
She wanted to testify against him.
He agreed to testify against her.
She agreed to testify against him.
He didn't want to testify against her.
She didn't want to testify against him.
He seems to be unwilling to testify against her.
She seems to be unwilling to testify against him.
He bumped into her.
She bumped into him.
He almost bumped into her.
She almost bumped into him.
He nearly ran right into her.
He accidentally bumped into her.
She accidentally bumped into him.
He doesn't know what got into her.
She doesn't know what got into him.
He tried to talk some sense into her.
She tried to talk some sense into him.
He kicked the stool out from under her.
She kicked the stool out from under him.
He lives near her.
She lives near him.
He stood near her.
She stood near him.
He used to live near her.
He won't let me anywhere near her.
She won't let me anywhere near him.
He didn't want to be anywhere near her.
She didn't want to be anywhere near him.
He doesn't want to go anywhere near her.
She doesn't want to go anywhere near him.
He noticed a change in her.
She noticed a change in him.
He isn't interested in her.
She isn't interested in him.
He seemed interested in her.
She seemed interested in him.
He seems to be interested in her.
He denied any romantic interest in her.
She denied any romantic interest in him.
He definitely seems to be interested in her.
She definitely seems to be interested in him.
He denied having any romantic interest in her.
She denied having any romantic interest in him.
He hasn't had any other girlfriends since her.
She hasn't had any other boyfriends since him.
He sat beside her.
She sat beside him.
He stood beside her.
She stood beside him.
He knelt beside her.
He crouched beside her.
She crouched beside him.
He sat silently beside her.
She sat silently beside him.
He crouched down beside her.
She crouched down beside him.
He sat down on the couch beside her.
She sat down on the couch beside him.
He sat in the passenger seat beside her.
She sat in the passenger seat beside him.
He sat opposite her.
She sat opposite him.
He walked past her.
She walked past him.
He walked right past her.
She walked right past him.
He should've paid her.
She should've paid him.
He should've married her.
She should've married him.
He should've known better than to trust her.
She should've known better than to trust him.
He should've known better than to believe her.
She should've known better than to believe him.
He eyed her.
She eyed him.
He babysat her.
She babysat him.
He watches her.
She watches him.
He kidnapped her.
She kidnapped him.
He misjudged her.
She misjudged him.
He reassured her.
She reassured him.
He surprised her.
She surprised him.
He respected her.
She respected him.
He outwitted her.
She outwitted him.
He protected her.
She protected him.
He strangled her.
She strangled him.
He threatened her.
He approached her.
She approached him.
He challenged her.
She challenged him.
He encouraged her.
She encouraged him.
He frightened her.
She frightened him.
He questioned her.
She questioned him.
He recognized her.
She recognized him.
He confronted her.
She confronted him.
He understood her.
She understood him.
He outsmarted her.
She outsmarted him.
He criticized her.
She criticized him.
He hypnotized her.
She hypnotized him.
He recommended her.
She recommended him.
He understands her.
He overpowered her.
She overpowered him.
He interrupted her.
She interrupted him.
He interviewed her.
She interviewed him.
He intimidated her.
She intimidated him.
He blackmailed her.
He embarrassed her.
He brainwashed her.
She brainwashed him.
He disappointed her.
She disappointed him.
He complimented her.
She complimented him.
He resuscitated her.
She resuscitated him.
He congratulated her.
She congratulated him.
He misunderstood her.
She misunderstood him.
He underestimated her.
She underestimated him.
She beat him up.
He never saw her.
He never met her.
She never met him.
He must help her.
She must help him.
He must warn her.
She must warn him.
He never hit her.
She never hit him.
He might hire her.
She might hire him.
He sat facing her.
She sat facing him.
He never knew her.
She never knew him.
He never hurt her.
She never hurt him.
He might kiss her.
She might kiss him.
He might hurt her.
She might hurt him.
He might fire her.
She might fire him.
He often helps her.
She often helps him.
He never liked her.
She never liked him.
He still wants her.
She still wants him.
He often calls her.
She often calls him.
He just dumped her.
She just dumped him.
He finally met her.
She finally met him.
He should help her.
She should help him.
He hardly knew her.
She hardly knew him.
He still hates her.
She still hates him.
He just kissed her.
She just kissed him.
He should call her.
She should call him.
He still loved her.
He really likes her.
She really likes him.
He should thank her.
She should thank him.
He really loved her.
She really loved him.
He really hates her.
He really liked her.
She really liked him.
He still misses her.
She still misses him.
He always helps her.
She always helps him.
He never kissed her.
She never kissed him.
He just ignored her.
She just ignored him.
He never forgave her.
She never forgave him.
He never trusted her.
She never trusted him.
He gently nudged her.
She gently nudged him.
He gently hugged her.
She gently hugged him.
He really misses her.
She really misses him.
He almost caught her.
She almost caught him.
He really fooled her.
She really fooled him.
He liked teasing her.
She liked teasing him.
He likes teasing her.
She likes teasing him.
He could replace her.
She could replace him.
He helped rescue her.
She helped rescue him.
He also despised her.
She also despised him.
He liked helping her.
She liked helping him.
He should follow her.
She should follow him.
He might despise her.
She might despise him.
He clearly loves her.
She clearly loves him.
He finally found her.
She finally found him.
He almost married her.
She almost married him.
He actually likes her.
She actually likes him.
He probably likes her.
She probably likes him.
He can understand her.
She can understand him.
He himself helped her.
He still despises her.
She still despises him.
He enjoys teasing her.
She enjoys teasing him.
He denied killing her.
She denied killing him.
He never mentioned her.
She never mentioned him.
He might recognize her.
She might recognize him.
He started hitting her.
She started hitting him.
He started kissing her.
She started kissing him.
He really despises her.
She really despises him.
He really despised her.
She really despised him.
He obviously likes her.
He certainly fooled her.
She certainly fooled him.
He could understand her.
She could understand him.
He admitted killing her.
She admitted killing him.
He politely thanked her.
She politely thanked him.
He allegedly killed her.
He regrets insulting her.
She regrets insulting him.
He barely recognized her.
She barely recognized him.
He accidentally shot her.
She accidentally shot him.
He began threatening her.
She began threatening him.
He probably despised her.
She probably despised him.
He absolutely detests her.
She absolutely detests him.
He personally invited her.
She personally invited him.
He allegedly murdered her.
He scarcely recognized her.
She scarcely recognized him.
He definitely despised her.
She definitely despised him.
He eventually divorced her.
She eventually divorced him.
He reluctantly followed her.
She reluctantly followed him.
He instantly recognized her.
She instantly recognized him.
He immediately recognized her.
She immediately recognized him.
He isn't the only one around here who likes her.
She isn't the only one around here who likes him.
He won't hit her.
She won't hit him.
He hasn't met her.
She hasn't met him.
He can't find her.
She can't find him.
He won't help her.
She won't help him.
He didn't hit her.
She didn't hit him.
He won't fire her.
She won't fire him.
He isn't like her.
She isn't like him.
He can't help her.
She can't help him.
He can't hear her.
She can't hear him.
He won't stop her.
She won't stop him.
He won't kiss her.
She won't kiss him.
He won't call her.
She won't call him.
He can't fire her.
She can't fire him.
He won't tell her.
She won't tell him.
He didn't ask her.
She didn't ask him.
He didn't like her.
He didn't help her.
She didn't help him.
He can't stand her.
She can't stand him.
He didn't kill her.
She didn't kill him.
He didn't kiss her.
She didn't kiss him.
He didn't call her.
She didn't call him.
He didn't fire her.
She didn't fire him.
He didn't hate her.
She didn't hate him.
He didn't hear her.
She didn't hear him.
He didn't tell her.
She didn't tell him.
He didn't stop her.
She didn't stop him.
He ran to help her.
She ran to help him.
He went to see her.
She went to see him.
He didn't hurt her.
She didn't hurt him.
He didn't know her.
She didn't know him.
He came to see her.
She came to see him.
He can't trust her.
She can't trust him.
He won't leave her.
She won't leave him.
He can't leave her.
She can't leave him.
He won't catch her.
She won't catch him.
He saw me kiss her.
She saw me kiss him.
He didn't love her.
She didn't love him.
He didn't warn her.
She didn't warn him.
He wants to hug her.
He used to date her.
He doesn't like her.
He doesn't know her.
She doesn't know him.
He can't forget her.
She can't forget him.
He didn't marry her.
She didn't marry him.
He wants to see her.
She wants to see him.
He didn't leave her.
She didn't leave him.
He went to help her.
She went to help him.
He tried to hug her.
She tried to hug him.
He didn't trust her.
She didn't trust him.
He isn't seeing her.
She isn't seeing him.
He must've told her.
She must've told him.
He doesn't hate her.
She doesn't hate him.
He knows I like her.
She knows I like him.
He didn't blame her.
She didn't blame him.
He tried to hit her.
She tried to hit him.
He couldn't see her.
She couldn't see him.
He used to hate her.
He came to help her.
She came to help him.
He made me help her.
She made me help him.
He isn't dating her.
She isn't dating him.
He didn't touch her.
She didn't touch him.
He tried to rob her.
She tried to rob him.
He didn't chase her.
She didn't chase him.
He doesn't love her.
She doesn't love him.
He tried to kill her.
She tried to kill him.
He sort of liked her.
She sort of liked him.
He wanted to see her.
She wanted to see him.
He couldn't find her.
She couldn't find him.
He can't believe her.
She can't believe him.
He wants to kill her.
She wants to kill him.
He wants to meet her.
She wants to meet him.
He wants to stop her.
She wants to stop him.
He didn't answer her.
She didn't answer him.
He didn't kidnap her.
She didn't kidnap him.
He didn't poison her.
She didn't poison him.
He doesn't trust her.
She doesn't trust him.
He couldn't help her.
She couldn't help him.
He tried to warn her.
She tried to warn him.
He needs to help her.
He tried to stop her.
She tried to stop him.
He ought to help her.
She ought to help him.
He came to trust her.
She came to trust him.
He tried to save her.
She tried to save him.
He seems to like her.
She seems to like him.
He tried to stab her.
She tried to stab him.
He couldn't save her.
She couldn't save him.
He seems to know her.
She seems to know him.
He wanted to hug her.
She wanted to hug him.
He tried to hurt her.
She tried to hurt him.
He needs to find her.
She needs to find him.
He came to visit her.
She came to visit him.
He couldn't hear her.
She couldn't hear him.
He did that, not her.
She did that, not him.
He didn't forget her.
She didn't forget him.
He isn't helping her.
She isn't helping him.
He and I'll help her.
She and I'll help him.
He wants to help her.
She wants to help him.
He tried to fool her.
She tried to fool him.
He isn't kissing her.
She isn't kissing him.
He won't forgive her.
She won't forgive him.
He doesn't blame her.
She doesn't blame him.
He tried to kick her.
She tried to kick him.
He stood, facing her.
She stood, facing him.
He began to kiss her.
She began to kiss him.
He didn't notice her.
She didn't notice him.
He wanted to help her.
She wanted to help him.
He didn't believe her.
She didn't believe him.
He wants to marry her.
She wants to marry him.
He tried to reach her.
She tried to reach him.
He thought I knew her.
She thought I knew him.
He should've told her.
She should've told him.
He didn't mention her.
She didn't mention him.
He rushed to help her.
She rushed to help him.
He hadn't noticed her.
She hadn't noticed him.
He likes to tease her.
She likes to tease him.
He got up to help her.
She got up to help him.
He wanted to meet her.
She wanted to meet him.
He tried to catch her.
She tried to catch him.
He wanted to call her.
She wanted to call him.
He told me to ask her.
She told me to ask him.
He never even saw her.
She never even saw him.
He seemed to know her.
She seemed to know him.
He should go help her.
She should go help him.
He loves to annoy her.
She loves to annoy him.
He agreed to help her.
She agreed to help him.
He couldn't trust her.
She couldn't trust him.
He tried to scare her.
She tried to scare him.
He agreed to meet her.
She agreed to meet him.
He wanted to kiss her.
She wanted to kiss him.
He couldn't reach her.
She couldn't reach him.
He wasn't helping her.
She wasn't helping him.
He and I followed her.
She and I followed him.
He seemed to like her.
He and I despised her.
She and I despised him.
He wasn't kissing her.
She wasn't kissing him.
He tried to trick her.
She tried to trick him.
He saw me kissing her.
She saw me kissing him.
He never did like her.
She never did like him.
He knows who shot her.
She knows who shot him.
He knows we trust her.
She knows we trust him.
He came to rescue her.
She came to rescue him.
He wanted to stop her.
She wanted to stop him.
He tried to shoot her.
She tried to shoot him.
He tried to drown her.
She tried to drown him.
He tried to choke her.
She tried to choke him.
He tried to frame her.
She tried to frame him.
He forgot to warn her.
She forgot to warn him.
He tried to rescue her.
She tried to rescue him.
He shouldn't trust her.
She shouldn't trust him.
He no longer loves her.
She no longer loves him.
He came to dislike her.
She came to dislike him.
He should've paged her.
She should've paged him.
He vowed to rescue her.
She vowed to rescue him.
He refused to help her.
She refused to help him.
He doesn't respect her.
She doesn't respect him.
He wanted to marry her.
She wanted to marry him.
He tried to assist her.
She tried to assist him.
He planned to kill her.
She planned to kill him.
He managed to save her.
She managed to save him.
He didn't even see her.
She didn't even see him.
He couldn't answer her.
She couldn't answer him.
He wanted to avoid her.
She wanted to avoid him.
He decided to help her.
She decided to help him.
He tried to revive her.
She tried to revive him.
He didn't remember her.
She didn't remember him.
He appears to know her.
She appears to know him.
He wanted to leave her.
She wanted to leave him.
He tried to murder her.
She tried to murder him.
He shot and killed her.
She shot and killed him.
He lied to protect her.
She lied to protect him.
He decided to call her.
She decided to call him.
He began to tickle her.
She began to tickle him.
He wanted to scare her.
She wanted to scare him.
He forgot to write her.
He refused to kiss her.
She refused to kiss him.
He tried to defend her.
She tried to defend him.
He and I both know her.
She and I both know him.
He saw you kissing her.
She saw you kissing him.
He used to despise her.
She used to despise him.
He told us you hit her.
She told us you hit him.
He told me you hit her.
She told me you hit him.
He must be missing her.
She must be missing him.
He tried to ignore her.
She tried to ignore him.
He tried to poison her.
She tried to poison him.
He didn't recognize her.
She didn't recognize him.
He just can't stand her.
She just can't stand him.
He wants to protect her.
She wants to protect him.
He wants us to find her.
She wants us to find him.
He doesn't remember her.
She doesn't remember him.
He asked me to help her.
She asked me to help him.
He wants me to help her.
She wants me to help him.
He must really like her.
She must really like him.
He ran over to help her.
She ran over to help him.
He tried to embrace her.
She tried to embrace him.
He tried to console her.
He tried to deceive her.
She tried to deceive him.
He should've called her.
She should've called him.
He may have to help her.
She may have to help him.
He no longer trusts her.
She no longer trusts him.
He tried to contact her.
She tried to contact him.
He tried to imitate her.
She tried to imitate him.
He promised to call her.
She promised to call him.
He didn't even help her.
She didn't even help him.
He didn't even love her.
She didn't even love him.
He couldn't protect her.
She couldn't protect him.
He wanted to poison her.
She wanted to poison him.
He took off to find her.
She took off to find him.
He wanted to forget her.
She wanted to forget him.
He should've helped her.
She should've helped him.
He should've kissed her.
She should've kissed him.
He knows who killed her.
She knows who killed him.
He thought you knew her.
She thought you knew him.
He couldn't contact her.
She couldn't contact him.
He asked me to find her.
She asked me to find him.
He should've warned her.
She should've warned him.
He should've hugged her.
She should've hugged him.
He chose to forgive her.
She chose to forgive him.
He couldn't control her.
She couldn't control him.
He tried to protect her.
She tried to protect him.
He never got to meet her.
She never got to meet him.
He saw right through her.
She saw right through him.
He wanted to protect her.
She wanted to protect him.
He tried not to hurt her.
She tried not to hurt him.
He wants to surprise her.
She wants to surprise him.
He wants you to kill her.
She wants you to kill him.
He didn't understand her.
She didn't understand him.
He couldn't convince her.
She couldn't convince him.
He doesn't even know her.
She doesn't even know him.
He didn't disappoint her.
She didn't disappoint him.
He wanted to comfort her.
She wanted to comfort him.
He leaned in to kiss her.
She leaned in to kiss him.
He promised to watch her.
She promised to watch him.
He might've followed her.
She might've followed him.
He should've invited her.
She should've invited him.
He tried to strangle her.
She tried to strangle him.
He didn't even touch her.
She didn't even touch him.
He wanted to impress her.
She wanted to impress him.
He wanted to be like her.
She wanted to be like him.
He wanted me to help her.
She wanted me to help him.
He refused to answer her.
She refused to answer him.
He should be helping her.
She should be helping him.
He stayed and helped her.
She stayed and helped him.
He stayed to protect her.
She stayed to protect him.
He snuck out to meet her.
She snuck out to meet him.
He and I have helped her.
She and I have helped him.
He won't likely kiss her.
She won't likely kiss him.
He won't let us help her.
She won't let us help him.
He won't let me help her.
She won't let me help him.
He should've stopped her.
She should've stopped him.
He begged me to help her.
She begged me to help him.
He asked us to trust her.
She asked us to trust him.
He tried to restrain her.
She tried to restrain him.
He won't stop loving her.
She won't stop loving him.
He didn't let me see her.
She didn't let me see him.
He wanted to believe her.
She wanted to believe him.
He tried to distract her.
She tried to distract him.
He may not have seen her.
She may not have seen him.
He tried to dissuade her.
She tried to dissuade him.
He went there to meet her.
She went there to meet him.
He threatened to kill her.
He failed to persuade her.
She failed to persuade him.
He doesn't understand her.
She doesn't understand him.
He can't wait to meet her.
She can't wait to meet him.
He wanted to confront her.
She wanted to confront him.
He refused to forgive her.
She refused to forgive him.
He wants you to shoot her.
She wants you to shoot him.
He looks happy to see her.
She looks happy to see him.
He almost never calls her.
She almost never calls him.
He didn't come to get her.
She didn't come to get him.
He asked me if I knew her.
She asked me if I knew him.
He couldn't have hurt her.
She couldn't have hurt him.
He never even noticed her.
She never even noticed him.
He didn't want to see her.
She didn't want to see him.
He might need to help her.
She might need to help him.
He refused to believe her.
She refused to believe him.
He didn't quite trust her.
She didn't quite trust him.
He and I both trusted her.
She and I both trusted him.
He tried to discredit her.
He no longer despises her.
She no longer despises him.
He ended up despising her.
She ended up despising him.
He and I both despise her.
She and I both despise him.
He never got to thank her.
She never got to thank him.
He doesn't earn enough money to support a woman like her.
He works hard, and so does she.
She works hard, and so does he.
He speaks French and so does she.
He wears glasses and so does she.
She wears glasses and so does he.
He speaks French, and so does she.
She speaks French, and so does he.
He doesn't eat meat and neither does she.
She doesn't eat meat and neither does he.
He can't swim and neither can she.
She can't swim and neither can he.
He ordered some pie and so did she.
She ordered some pie and so did he.
He didn't go, and neither did she.
She didn't go, and neither did he.
He didn't come and neither did she.
She didn't come and neither did he.
He wasn't there, and neither was she.
She wasn't there, and neither was he.
He wasn't interested in doing that and neither was she.
She wasn't interested in doing that and neither was he.
He isn't buying it and neither is she.
She isn't buying it and neither is he.
He thinks I should help him.
She thinks I should help her.
He asked me if I missed him.
She asked me if I missed her.
He won't let anyone help him.
She won't let anyone help her.
He lied to me and so did she.
She lied to me and so did he.
He knew why no one liked him.
She knew why no one liked her.
She said no one could help her.
He never asked me to help him.
She never asked me to help her.
She came to ask us to help her.
He can do that, and so can she.
She can do that, and so can he.
She tried to get me to help her.
He probably thought I liked him.
She probably thought I liked her.
He said that you tried to kill him.
She said that you tried to kill her.
He said that the cold bothered him.
She said that the cold bothered her.
He restrained himself from hitting her.
She restrained herself from hitting him.
He poured drinks for himself and her.
She poured drinks for herself and him.
He killed himself after killing her.
She killed herself after killing him.
He couldn't quite bring himself to strangle her.
She couldn't quite bring herself to strangle him.
He couldn't bring himself to scold her.
She couldn't bring herself to scold him.
He couldn't find anyone to help him.
She couldn't find anyone to help her.
He says mosquitoes don't bother him.
She says mosquitoes don't bother her.
He said that the smoke bothered him.
She said that the smoke bothered her.
He said that the smell bothered him.
She said that the smell bothered her.
He said that the noise bothered him.
She said that the noise bothered her.
He isn't going to let that stop him.
She isn't going to let that stop her.
He drove to the airport to meet him.
She drove to the airport to meet her.
He wants to know if you remember him.
She wants to know if you remember her.
He hasn't yet told me who helped him.
She hasn't yet told me who helped her.
He seemed to think we didn't like him.
She seemed to think we didn't like her.
He might think that we don't like him.
She might think that we don't like her.
He doesn't really want me to help him.
She doesn't really want me to help her.
He said your snoring didn't bother him.
She said your snoring didn't bother her.
He knew that someone was following him.
She knew that someone was following her.
He knew that somebody was following him.
She knew that somebody was following her.
He ran down the stairs and hugged her.
He might've been the one who told her.
He seemed to be trying to impress her.
He isn't the only one who trusted her.
He seemed to be unwilling to help her.
He wasn't exactly thrilled to see her.
He wasn't the first one to notice her.
He found it impossible to persuade her.
He could never do anything to hurt her.
He couldn't possibly have murdered her.
He isn't going to come back to get her.
He wasn't the only one who trusted her.
He didn't have the courage to kiss her.
He went to the library just to see her.
He wasn't the first person to help her.
He found it difficult to understand her.
He wasn't entirely surprised to see her.
He leaned over the table and kissed her.
He didn't think that would frighten her.
He went to the library, just to see her.
He looked across the street and saw her.
He doesn't remember agreeing to help her.
He doesn't have to stay home to help her.
He opened the door, expecting to see her.
He opened the front door and greeted her.
He looked through the window and saw her.
He never would've dated someone like her.
He isn't the only one here who likes her.
He suspected it was too late to help her.
He didn't have the courage to disobey her.
He leaned across the table and kissed her.
He could tell something was bothering her.
He slammed the door shut just to annoy her.
He doesn't want to do anything to hurt her.
He hired a private detective to follow her.
He didn't have any reason not to trust her.
He didn't think that anybody would recognize him.
She didn't think that anybody would recognize her.
He didn't want to hug her.
She didn't want to hug him.
He could've protected her.
She could've protected him.
He won't likely trust her.
She won't likely trust him.
He should try to help her.
She should try to help him.
He didn't try to stop her.
She didn't try to stop him.
He didn't try to kiss her.
She didn't try to kiss him.
He didn't even notice her.
She didn't even notice him.
He wasn't able to meet her.
He shouldn't have told her.
She shouldn't have told him.
He insisted on helping her.
She insisted on helping him.
He didn't mean to hurt her.
She didn't mean to hurt him.
He isn't anything like her.
She isn't anything like him.
He didn't mean to kill her.
She didn't mean to kill him.
He still doesn't trust her.
She still doesn't trust him.
He didn't want to hurt her.
She didn't want to hurt him.
He wasn't happy to see her.
She wasn't happy to see him.
He drew a gun and shot her.
She drew a gun and shot him.
He asked me to protect her.
She asked me to protect him.
He really doesn't like her.
She really doesn't like him.
He can't seem to avoid her.
She can't seem to avoid him.
He should've protected her.
She should've protected him.
He never meant to hurt her.
She never meant to hurt him.
He leaned down to kiss her.
She leaned down to kiss him.
He attempted to rescue her.
She attempted to rescue him.
He wasn't able to help her.
She wasn't able to help him.
He isn't going to help her.
She isn't going to help him.
He heard I was helping her.
She heard I was helping him.
He decided not to tell her.
She decided not to tell him.
He died trying to save her.
She died trying to save him.
He doesn't want to see her.
She doesn't want to see him.
He isn't going to fire her.
She isn't going to fire him.
He isn't going to call her.
She isn't going to call him.
He threatened to leave her.
She threatened to leave him.
He didn't want to lose her.
She didn't want to lose him.
He must've gone to see her.
She must've gone to see him.
He isn't going to stop her.
She isn't going to stop him.
He tried to intimidate her.
She tried to intimidate him.
He didn't want to kiss her.
She didn't want to kiss him.
He hired a man to kill her.
She hired a man to kill him.
He doesn't really love her.
She doesn't really love him.
He doesn't really like her.
She doesn't really like him.
He doesn't really know her.
She doesn't really know him.
He didn't want to harm her.
She didn't want to harm him.
He did nothing to help her.
She did nothing to help him.
He leaned over to kiss her.
She leaned over to kiss him.
He didn't seem to hear her.
She didn't seem to hear him.
He wasn't able to find her.
She wasn't able to find him.
He seemed to recognize her.
She seemed to recognize him.
He hasn't been helping her.
She hasn't been helping him.
He wasn't able to save her.
She wasn't able to save him.
He didn't want to help her.
She didn't want to help him.
He didn't seem to know her.
She didn't seem to know him.
He didn't have to help her.
She didn't have to help him.
He probably won't find her.
She probably won't find him.
He isn't going to find her.
She isn't going to find him.
He doesn't want to hug her.
She doesn't want to hug him.
He didn't want to stop her.
She didn't want to stop him.
He didn't want to kill her.
She didn't want to kill him.
He didn't need to help her.
She didn't need to help him.
He thought that I knew her.
She thought that I knew him.
He knows that we trust her.
She knows that we trust him.
He tried to manipulate her.
She tried to manipulate him.
He might not have seen her.
She might not have seen him.
He never tried to kiss her.
She never tried to kiss him.
He seemed happy to see her.
She seemed happy to see him.
He looked happy to see her.
She looked happy to see him.
He felt an urge to kill her.
She felt an urge to kill him.
He doesn't want to hurt her.
She doesn't want to hurt him.
He doesn't have to help her.
She doesn't have to help him.
He doesn't want to lose her.
She doesn't want to lose him.
He didn't want to marry her.
She didn't want to marry him.
He promised not to hurt her.
She promised not to hurt him.
He seems to be ignoring her.
She seems to be ignoring him.
He felt an urge to kiss her.
She felt an urge to kiss him.
He pretended not to see her.
She pretended not to see him.
He confessed to killing her.
She confessed to killing him.
He couldn't have helped her.
She couldn't have helped him.
He made no move to help her.
She made no move to help him.
He promised not to tell her.
She promised not to tell him.
He doesn't want to tell her.
She doesn't want to tell him.
He went over and hugged her.
She went over and hugged him.
He isn't going to catch her.
She isn't going to catch him.
He reached out to touch her.
She reached out to touch him.
He and I tried to carry her.
She and I tried to carry him.
He doesn't really trust her.
She doesn't really trust him.
He really seems to like her.
She really seems to like him.
He doesn't seem to know her.
She doesn't seem to know him.
He never really trusted her.
She never really trusted him.
He tried to resuscitate her.
She tried to resuscitate him.
He really wanted to see her.
She really wanted to see him.
He promised not to harm her.
She promised not to harm him.
He never stopped loving her.
She never stopped loving him.
He bent down and hugged her.
She bent down and hugged him.
He jumped up and hugged her.
She jumped up and hugged him.
He doesn't want to kiss her.
She doesn't want to kiss him.
He told me you despised her.
She told me you despised him.
He doesn't seem to like her.
She doesn't seem to like him.
He asked me not to help her.
She asked me not to help him.
He really wanted to hug her.
She really wanted to hug him.
He isn't likely to find her.
She isn't likely to find him.
He doesn't want to stop her.
She doesn't want to stop him.
He doesn't want to kill her.
She doesn't want to kill him.
He doesn't want to help her.
She doesn't want to help him.
He couldn't wait to see her.
She couldn't wait to see him.
He may not want to help her.
She may not want to help him.
He bought a gun to kill her.
She bought a gun to kill him.
He admitted to shooting her.
She admitted to shooting him.
He didn't want to upset her.
For some reason, the door did not open.
She didn't want to upset him.
He wasn't able to marry her.
She wasn't able to marry him.
He pretended not to hear her.
He didn't mention seeing her.
She didn't mention seeing him.
He didn't mean to offend her.
She didn't mean to offend him.
He needs to be more like her.
She needs to be more like him.
He doesn't want to leave her.
She doesn't want to leave him.
He seems to want to help her.
She seems to want to help him.
He wants to be more like her.
She wants to be more like him.
He doesn't quite believe her.
She doesn't quite believe him.
He died trying to rescue her.
She died trying to rescue him.
He pretended not to like her.
She pretended not to like him.
He asked me to help find her.
She asked me to help find him.
He probably doesn't like her.
She probably doesn't like him.
He went to Boston to see her.
She went to Boston to see him.
He might be able to help her.
She might be able to help him.
He told us where to find her.
She told us where to find him.
He didn't intend to hurt her.
She didn't intend to hurt him.
He might not want to see her.
She might not want to see him.
He turned around to face her.
She turned around to face him.
He pretended not to know her.
She pretended not to know him.
He must've misunderstood her.
She must've misunderstood him.
He didn't want to bother her.
She didn't want to bother him.
He stayed behind to help her.
She stayed behind to help him.
He didn't intend to call her.
She didn't intend to call him.
He doesn't want to marry her.
She doesn't want to marry him.
He had no motive to kill her.
She had no motive to kill him.
He wasn't trying to hurt her.
She wasn't trying to hurt him.
He hired someone to kill her.
She hired someone to kill him.
He didn't come to rescue her.
She didn't come to rescue him.
He probably knows I like her.
She probably knows I like him.
He won't be able to stop her.
She won't be able to stop him.
He and I both don't like her.
She and I both don't like him.
He didn't seem to notice her.
She didn't seem to notice him.
He didn't want to offend her.
She didn't want to offend him.
He wasn't there to greet her.
She wasn't there to greet him.
He really wanted to kiss her.
She really wanted to kiss him.
He still hasn't forgiven her.
She still hasn't forgiven him.
He didn't even recognize her.
She didn't even recognize him.
He dreamed about kissing her.
He took the time to help her.
She took the time to help him.
He won't be able to fool her.
She won't be able to fool him.
He begged me not to hurt her.
She begged me not to hurt him.
He seemed to be ignoring her.
She seemed to be ignoring him.
He doesn't actually hate her.
She doesn't actually hate him.
He thought that you knew her.
She thought that you knew him.
He shouldn't have hugged her.
She shouldn't have hugged him.
He tried not to bothered her.
She tried not to bothered him.
He saw the dog attacking her.
She saw the dog attacking him.
He couldn't wait to tell her.
She couldn't wait to tell him.
He did it just to impress her.
She did it just to impress him.
He denied having ever met her.
She denied having ever met him.
He confessed to murdering her.
She confessed to murdering him.
He went to Boston to meet her.
She went to Boston to meet him.
He took the blindfold off her.
She took the blindfold off him.
He obviously doesn't like her.
She obviously doesn't like him.
He never intended to hurt her.
She never intended to hurt him.
He leaned over and kissed her.
She leaned over and kissed him.
He shouldn't have trusted her.
She shouldn't have trusted him.
He leaned forward to kiss her.
She leaned forward to kiss him.
He leaned down and kissed her.
She leaned down and kissed him.
He couldn't help but like her.
She couldn't help but like him.
He never bothered to tell her.
She never bothered to tell him.
He shouldn't have married her.
She shouldn't have married him.
He suggested that we call her.
She suggested that we call him.
He wasn't allowed to help her.
She wasn't allowed to help him.
He certainly doesn't hate her.
She certainly doesn't hate him.
He seems to enjoy teasing her.
She seems to enjoy teasing him.
He wasn't able to protect her.
She wasn't able to protect him.
He wasn't thrilled to see her.
She wasn't thrilled to see him.
He seemed to want to help her.
She seemed to want to help him.
He asked me if I despised her.
She asked me if I despised him.
He came to Boston to meet her.
She came to Boston to meet him.
He wanted to be more like her.
She wanted to be more like him.
He had difficulty finding her.
She had difficulty finding him.
He might not want to help her.
She might not want to help him.
He wasn't able to impress her.
She wasn't able to impress him.
He should've been helping her.
She should've been helping him.
He hasn't yet even kissed her.
She hasn't yet even kissed him.
He never should've kissed her.
She never should've kissed him.
He hired a hitman to kill her.
She hired a hitman to kill him.
He went to Boston to help her.
She went to Boston to help him.
He doesn't like girls like her.
She doesn't like girls like him.
He almost didn't recognize her.
She almost didn't recognize him.
He turned around and faced her.
She turned around and faced him.
He didn't seem to remember her.
She didn't seem to remember him.
He definitely doesn't like her.
She definitely doesn't like him.
He didn't want me to phone her.
She didn't want me to phone him.
He didn't even try to kiss her.
She didn't even try to kiss him.
He didn't even try to help her.
She didn't even try to help him.
He came to Boston to visit her.
She came to Boston to visit him.
He obviously wants to help her.
She obviously wants to help him.
He pretended not to notice her.
She pretended not to notice him.
He didn't know how to help her.
She didn't know how to help him.
He really should've helped her.
She really should've helped him.
He and I were able to help her.
She and I were able to help him.
He went to Boston to visit her.
She went to Boston to visit him.
He wasn't surprised to see her.
She wasn't surprised to see him.
He seemed to enjoy teasing her.
She seemed to enjoy teasing him.
He seemed surprised to see her.
She seemed surprised to see him.
He probably still despises her.
She probably still despises him.
He knows how much you love her.
She knows how much you love him.
He drove to Boston to meet her.
She drove to Boston to meet him.
He isn't trying to impress her.
She isn't trying to impress him.
He had difficulty locating her.
She had difficulty locating him.
He didn't want to surprise her.
She didn't want to surprise him.
He couldn't wait to go see her.
She couldn't wait to go see him.
He apparently doesn't know her.
She apparently doesn't know him.
He couldn't help but tease her.
She couldn't help but tease him.
He doesn't even try to help her.
She doesn't even try to help him.
He didn't want to embarrass her.
She didn't want to embarrass him.
He didn't know how to thank her.
She didn't know how to thank him.
He could hardly wait to see her.
She could hardly wait to see him.
He asked if anyone had seen her.
She asked if anyone had seen him.
He just didn't want to tell her.
She just didn't want to tell him.
He could do nothing to help her.
She could do nothing to help him.
He didn't seem to recognize her.
She didn't seem to recognize him.
He went to the park to meet her.
She went to the park to meet him.
He didn't know how to reach her.
She didn't know how to reach him.
He really should be helping her.
She really should be helping him.
He did that just to impress her.
She did that just to impress him.
He doesn't trust anyone but her.
She doesn't trust anyone but him.
He didn't know what to tell her.
She didn't know what to tell him.
He doesn't want to surprise her.
She doesn't want to surprise him.
He asked me if I could help her.
She asked me if I could help him.
He never even tried to kiss her.
She never even tried to kiss him.
He drove to Boston to visit her.
She drove to Boston to visit him.
He vaguely remembers meeting her.
She vaguely remembers meeting him.
He doesn't particularly like her.
She doesn't particularly like him.
He didn't want to disappoint her.
She didn't want to disappoint him.
He didn't mean to disappoint her.
She didn't mean to disappoint him.
He almost didn't get to meet her.
She almost didn't get to meet him.
He didn't know how to answer her.
She didn't know how to answer him.
He doesn't seem to recognize her.
She doesn't seem to recognize him.
He can't do anything to stop her.
She can't do anything to stop him.
He doesn't look happy to see her.
She doesn't look happy to see him.
He should never have trusted her.
She should never have trusted him.
He hasn't been able to reach her.
She hasn't been able to reach him.
He made me swear not to tell her.
She made me swear not to tell him.
He didn't even offer to help her.
She didn't even offer to help him.
He should've offered to help her.
She should've offered to help him.
He wasn't the one who killed her.
She wasn't the one who killed him.
He pulled out a gun and shot her.
She pulled out a gun and shot him.
He immediately tried to call her.
She immediately tried to call him.
He must've been happy to see her.
She must've been happy to see him.
He and I were unable to help her.
She and I were unable to help him.
He doesn't trust anybody but her.
She doesn't trust anybody but him.
He might not want us to help her.
She might not want us to help him.
He hasn't told me who helped her.
She hasn't told me who helped him.
He asked me to stay and help her.
She asked me to stay and help him.
He could hardly wait to tell her.
She could hardly wait to tell him.
He could hardly wait to meet her.
She could hardly wait to meet him.
He traveled to Boston to see her.
She traveled to Boston to see him.
He didn't do anything to help her.
She didn't do anything to help him.
He didn't appear to recognize her.
She didn't appear to recognize him.
He can't even pretend to like her.
She can't even pretend to like him.
He couldn't possibly have hit her.
She couldn't possibly have hit him.
He doesn't want to discourage her.
She doesn't want to discourage him.
He knew why the cat scratched her.
She knew why the cat scratched him.
He and I did our best to help her.
She and I did our best to help him.
He shot the dog that attacked her.
She shot the dog that attacked him.
He didn't even seem to notice her.
She didn't even seem to notice him.
He doesn't seem to have heard her.
She doesn't seem to have heard him.
He didn't mention having seen her.
She didn't mention having seen him.
He never did anything to hurt her.
She never did anything to hurt him.
He just wouldn't stop teasing her.
She just wouldn't stop teasing him.
He and I weren't able to help her.
She and I weren't able to help him.
He doesn't think we can trust her.
She doesn't think we can trust him.
He and I aren't going to help her.
She and I aren't going to help him.
He did that just to embarrass her.
She did that just to embarrass him.
He seems to have misunderstood her.
She seems to have misunderstood him.
He got on a horse and followed her.
She got on a horse and followed him.
He had no choice but to follow her.
She had no choice but to follow him.
He had no intention of helping her.
She had no intention of helping him.
He knew better than to believe her.
He had no intention of harming her.
She had no intention of harming him.
He didn't even attempt to kiss her.
She didn't even attempt to kiss him.
He didn't even attempt to help her.
She didn't even attempt to help him.
He should've stayed and helped her.
She should've stayed and helped him.
He should've stayed to protect her.
She should've stayed to protect him.
He won't likely stop despising her.
She won't likely stop despising him.
He didn't seem to want to help her.
She didn't seem to want to help him.
He and I went to Boston to see her.
She and I went to Boston to see him.
He spent all afternoon helping her.
She spent all afternoon helping him.
He knew who was trying to kill her.
She knew who was trying to kill him.
He went to the prison to visit her.
She went to the prison to visit him.
He apparently doesn't remember her.
She apparently doesn't remember him.
He pretended not to understand her.
She pretended not to understand him.
He spent a lot of time helping her.
She spent a lot of time helping him.
He hasn't been able to contact her.
She hasn't been able to contact him.
He found it difficult to please her.
She found it difficult to please him.
He resisted the impulse to kiss her.
She resisted the impulse to kiss him.
He had no choice but to support her.
She had no choice but to support him.
He stopped himself from kissing her.
She stopped himself from kissing him.
He pulled out a pistol and shot her.
She pulled out a pistol and shot him.
He had no intention of marrying her.
She had no intention of marrying him.
He couldn't do anything to help her.
She couldn't do anything to help him.
He isn't likely to want to help her.
She isn't likely to want to help him.
He went into the cave to rescue her.
She went into the cave to rescue him.
He spends a lot of time helping her.
She spends a lot of time helping him.
He doesn't know what's bothering her.
She doesn't know what's bothering him.
He didn't have the guts to shoot her.
She didn't have the guts to shoot him.
He could've and should've helped her.
She could've and should've helped him.
He looked out the window and saw her.
She looked out the window and saw him.
He went to Chuck's Diner to meet her.
She went to Chuck's Diner to meet him.
He bent over backwards to please her.
He might be the one who murdered her.
She might be the one who murdered him.
He bends over backwards to please her.
She bends over backwards to please him.
He went down to the lobby to meet her.
She went down to the lobby to meet him.
He jumped out of the bushes and scared her.
She jumped out of the bushes and scared him.
He doesn't have any reason not to trust her.
She doesn't have any reason not to trust him.
He had something very important to tell her.
She had something very important to tell him.
He ran into the burning house to rescue her.
She ran into the burning house to rescue him.
He didn't have any reason not to believe her.
She didn't have any reason not to believe him.
He sat on the floor between the door and her.
She sat on the floor between the door and him.
He deserves the same chance that we gave her.
She deserves the same chance that we gave him.
He should be careful not to underestimate her.
She should be careful not to underestimate him.
He certainly doesn't seem to mind helping her.
She certainly doesn't seem to mind helping him.
He couldn't resist the temptation to kiss her.
She couldn't resist the temptation to kiss him.
He hesitated for a moment before answering her.
She hesitated for a moment before answering him.
He dove into the water and tried to rescue her.
She dove into the water and tried to rescue him.
He looked around the room, but couldn't see her.
She looked around the room, but couldn't see him.
He opened the door and was surprised to see her.
She opened the door and was surprised to see him.
He came all the way from Boston just to see her.
She came all the way from Boston just to see him.
He wants me to go to Boston with him to visit her.
She wants me to go to Boston with him to visit him.
He doesn't want to do anything that will upset her.
She doesn't want to do anything that will upset him.
He thought about what it would be like to kiss her.
She thought about what it would be like to kiss him.
He resisted the temptation to lean over and kiss her.
She resisted the temptation to lean over and kiss him.
He couldn't discuss the problem with anybody but her.
She couldn't discuss the problem with anybody but him.
He called every hospital in town, trying to find her.
She called every hospital in town, trying to find him.
He still comes to the hospital every day to visit her.
She still comes to the hospital every day to visit him.
He didn't seem to be having any trouble convincing her.
She didn't seem to be having any trouble convincing him.
He wasn't the first boy to kiss her.
She wasn't the first girl to kiss him.
He could never fall for a woman like her.
She could never fall for a man like him.
It finally makes sense to me.
Things will get a lot worse before they get better.
Things happened really fast.
This happens every time.
This happens to me every time.
I have a lot to offer.
That's not all we wanted.
That's not my only worry.
Did you tell Tom that you didn't know how to do that?
That's what makes me mad.
I don't think Tom could see what was happening.
Wi-Fi is available.
In-flight Wi-Fi is available.
Is there Wi-Fi on your campus?
This app doesn't require Wi-Fi.
There is free Wi-Fi in the lobby.
All our rooms have Wi-Fi connectivity.
That's what makes me sad.
I recommend that you learn French.
The letter wasn't signed.
Tom was poisoned by his wife.
Things couldn't be worse.
Both Tom and Mary know who we are.
Things started out great.
This will blow your mind.
Tom was one of the lucky few.
We're on a treasure hunt.
Tom was wearing rubber boots.
Why don't we ask someone?
Both Tom and Mary were downstairs.
Do you have any bug spray?
But it's also good to write in Kadazan to know how to use it.
No matter how much you might make a flight, you'll never forget where you came from.
Maybe I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
Mankind has grown mainly due to the success of good against evil.
I didn't see anyone there.
We don't know who the lady is.
I felt I should apologize.
I gave money to everybody.
Are you unwell?
Both Tom and Mary are fast asleep.
I'm unwell.
I guess we're out of luck.
Nothing else will get done until Tom gets here.
I know that it's my fault.
Almost everybody here knows French.
He served two months in jail for drunken driving.
He was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident.
His criminal record consists of only two drunken driving citations.
Having worked all day, he wanted to take a rest.
He has been on death row for two years.
He's one of the more than 1,inmates on death row.
He plans to live there for more than a year.
She hopes she doesn't have to live there for more than a year.
He doesn't want to live there for more than a year.
He was glad he didn't have to live there for more than a year.
You'd better not tell her.
You'd better not talk back to her.
You'd better not argue with her.
You'd be amazed how often he doesn't do his homework.
You'd be amazed how much time he spends playing games.
You'd be amazed how much beer he drinks when he goes out.
You'd be amazed how many times I've told him not to do that.
You'd be amazed how long it takes her to get ready in the morning.
You shouldn't have borrowed his car.
You shouldn't believe everything she tells you.
You should avoid her today if at all possible. She's very mad at you.
You should always knock before entering his room.
You say you want to visit him? Why in the world would you want to do that?
You need to stop saying no to him.
You need to stop ignoring email messages from him.
You need to stop doing things that bother him.
You might meet her.
You might meet him if you go to the library.
You don't know why she didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know when he will come, do you?
You don't have to do what she says.
You can't count on her help.
You can ask them for help.
You can always ask for her help.
You aren't the only one who likes chess. He likes it, too.
Yesterday he stayed home all day.
Would you let me know when she comes?
Would you give me their address?
Within a few minutes, he had eaten up all the food on the table.
With your connections, you should be able to find a job for him.
Will he be allowed to go camping with the other children?
Why would he decide not to go there?
Why don't we see if he wants to play cards with us?
Why don't we see if he wants to go with us?
Why does he look so grumpy today?
Why do you think he wasn't able to pass his driving test?
Why do you think she was crying?
Why do you think he prefers living in the country?
Why do you think he likes chess so much?
Why do you think he chose to become a psychologist?
Why didn't you just tell her the truth?
Who cares whether he eats egg yolks or not?
Where was he working then?
Where was he when the fire broke out?
When he was young, he ate three eggs every day.
When he was eighteen, he decided that he wanted to become a soldier.
When he couldn't bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When I got out of prison, he helped me get back on my feet.
When did he leave here?
What's wrong with telling her what happened?
What's he so unhappy about?
What's she doing now?
What were you doing while he was chopping wood?
What she says makes sense.
What he ate was delicious.
What she ate gave her an upset stomach.
What he ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What she ate almost killed her.
I swear I'll wait for you.
It's always been an issue.
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.
It's been a long struggle.
A lot of girls think Tom is really good-looking.
It's more common nowadays.
It's very, very expensive.
Tom was unmarried at the time.
Many people never do that.
Both Tom and Mary were there for me.
Somebody stole my bicycle.
All the songs that Tom writes sound alike to me.
We hired someone who speaks French.
That isn't what I believe.
Tom is looking for his bicycle.
The proletarians lose nothing in this revolution but their chains.
We don't have a television.
That's all that I can see.
I think Mary is way cuter than Alice.
That's not on my schedule.
The explanation Tom gave was easy to understand.
That's why I love it here.
There isn't any time.
Tom seemed eager to impress us.
We'll need some more time.
What is it you have to do?
I can't believe Tom really expects me to do that.
Why don't we ask somebody?
We don't have a TV.
Boston is pretty far away from here.
Don't hold hands in public.
Tom wasn't married at the time.
How are you children doing?
I didn't see anybody there.
I can't help thinking Tom should be here with us.
I felt I was being watched.
I highly recommend you learn French.
I hope nothing bad happens.
Tom is renting a house in Boston.
I hope you enjoy your stay.
Tom and Mary don't want help.
I think this is ridiculous.
I had no idea Tom could speak French so fluently.
Tom said he wanted to go swimming.
I thought it was very easy.
I wish that I'd known that.
Tom isn't as handsome as John is.
Is it really OK to do this?
Tom and Mary were both naked.
It hasn't been decided yet.
That's one of the reasons I know Tom is innocent.
It took only three seconds.
I can't believe that Tom really expects me to do that.
I thought they were speaking French.
It's about time to do that.
It's been great being here.
Tom didn't give Mary flowers.
It's beginning to get dark.
I don't know whether that's what Tom wants or not.
Just don't do that anymore.
Most people do it this way.
Tom said he was going to the zoo.
People live in those caves.
Tom doesn't know Mary's kids.
People still live in caves.
I want you to tell Tom he can't come here anymore.
That could happen tomorrow.
We hired somebody who speaks French.
That's not all I had to do.
Tom said he would call you later.
That's what makes me angry.
It was a tight contest.
The contestants were equally matched against each other.
Tom is strangely quiet in recent days.
The party lasted all night.
I don't think that Tom needs to ask for permission.
The weather there is crazy.
I don't think my French is very good.
The whole city is in shock.
Tom told everyone he was married.
Things are going very well.
Tom and Mary were both silent.
I see it's OK now.
Things are tough right now.
I didn't want to buy everything Tom asked me to buy.
This car came fully loaded.
I've been in Boston three months now.
This method is very simple.
This is a great time to be alive.
We should think about that.
Tom brought a present to Mary.
Doing that would make sense.
I don't think that Tom could see what was happening.
I haven't yet paid for that.
Mr. Jackson was a really nice teacher.
Tom doesn't know a lot about cars.
I knew that you could do it.
Tom didn't know Mary was dead.
It seems the strike is over.
It's worth much more than what Tom is asking for it.
This guy knows my whole life.
It's not really that simple.
Tom and Mary are both Canadian.
He went to Berber class.
He went to Berber class anyways.
How do you say all that in Berber?
How do you say all this in Berber?
They didn't speak Berber anyways.
The doctor didn't speak Berber.
He needed to be hospitalized in Algeria.
He was going to be hospitalized in Algeria.
He had an Algerian phone.
Do you have an Algerian phone?
He was robbed in Algeria.
He enjoyed Algeria.
Let's have a conversation in Berber.
He really likes Berber.
You need to know these things before you go to Algeria.
Maybe I'll do that tomorrow.
Algeria is one of my favorite countries.
I'll give you all the things that you need to know about Algeria.
I was in Algeria for four weeks.
He has also lived in Algeria for four years.
What did he do in Algeria?
Algeria is very safe.
Algeria is not a dangerous country.
Algeria has incredible views.
I really encourage you to go visit Algeria.
Algeria is a great place.
He filmed his best footage in Algeria.
This is something you must do while you're in Algeria.
Tom has been given a lot of money.
That bill passed in October.
Tom showed my picture to Mary.
That was all that I could see.
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom get angry.
That's been happening a lot.
That's not all I have to do.
Tom let me do what I wanted to do.
That's not all we had to do.
Tom and Mary are both drinking.
That's not confusing at all.
A lot of girls think that Tom is really good-looking.
The alarm has been disabled.
The job is already 99% done.
Tom told everybody he was married.
Can you bake me a cake for my birthday?
I would rather that Tom didn't come.
I would rather Tom didn't come.
The meeting won't last long.
Tom and Mary are both thirteen.
Things aren't going so well.
I live in Norway now.
We need to get things right.
Tom said he wants to learn French.
Are you having a good summer?
Tom told me he didn't need a ride.
Do you have a daily schedule?
Tom seems to be over the moon.
Which is more correct?
Do you remember who did that?
It's worth a lot more than what Tom is asking for it.
Which one is more correct?
Which sentence is more correct?
Doing that is hard at my age.
Tom speaks French to his children.
Doing this isn't fun anymore.
Tom did everything he needed to do.
Everyone is so friendly here.
Tom and Mary both needed money.
I didn't think I could do it.
The explanation that Tom gave was easy to understand.
Mary's watch was stolen.
We went slowly.
We went slow.
I hate myself because I'm awful.
I hope that I don't get hurt.
Tom didn't want anyone to help him.
"I can't swim." "Neither can I."
I thought the room was empty.
Tom and Mary were both excited.
After you left, Tom came over and we talked all night.
Tom was the only Canadian in town.
He's looking forward to the holiday.
I wonder what he ate for his birthday dinner.
He spent all the money he had to buy her a birthday present.
I gave her some money to help her buy her mother a Mother's Day present.
He couldn't think what he should give her for her birthday.
They always celebrate holidays together.
He forgot to send her a birthday card.
He didn't want to work overtime on his birthday.
What do you want to get him for his birthday?
I want him to be here for my birthday.
Let's get him something useful for his birthday.
What did he give you for your birthday?
He gave me a very nice birthday present.
Do you have a lot of friends in Australia?
What did he get you for your birthday?
I didn't know Tom wanted to learn how to play the trumpet.
He gave her a birthday present.
He couldn't come see us for the holiday, so we went to see him.
He hid his child's birthday present behind the couch.
He's planning to come here the day after tomorrow.
Did he ever tell you what he wanted for his birthday?
Why you weren't at the meeting last week?
He asked her to help decorate his house.
He wanted her to come to his birthday party.
He still hasn't taken down the birthday decorations.
He bought himself a new suit for the wedding.
Why didn't we hear about this before now?
They opened their birthday presents.
Tom looked through the trash, trying to find the receipt.
They exchange gifts at New Year's.
I want to be able to play the violin as well as Tom does.
He didn't give me anything for my birthday.
I asked him what he wanted for his birthday.
When was the last time you went canoeing?
He never gets anything for his birthday.
Tom washes his hands more than thirty times a day.
I bought her a present last week.
He gave me a book for my birthday.
She always remembers us at holidays.
He got a kitten for his birthday.
She got a puppy for her birthday.
He sent me a birthday gift.
I need to hide these somewhere that he can't find them.
He says he's planning to go back there.
Who are you going to spend New Year's Eve with?
This is what he gave me for my birthday.
He lost his job just before his birthday.
He didn't want to wear the sweater that his mother had gotten him for his birthday.
He hung the pictures on the wall.
He said he had to be with his family on New Year's Eve.
She bought him a birthday present.
Did you buy him something for his birthday?
Do you know what he wants for his birthday?
I just wish I could figure out what to give her for her birthday.
I received a gift card from him.
I'll give him a sweater for his birthday.
He has never celebrated Christmas.
I wonder who will help him decorate the snowman.
I'm sorry that we're so late.
Tom didn't want to talk to anybody.
It's been a pretty busy week.
Tom doesn't know Mary is crazy.
Lunch will be served at noon.
Tom and Mary are both fast asleep.
Many people wouldn't do that.
Tom wants his kids to learn French.
Tom and Mary both look disappointed.
Maybe we need more than that.
Tom does that just about every day.
When do you plan to go back to Australia?
We'll definitely need some more training.
Things aren't as good as they used to be.
Maybe you'll have to do that.
Tom hasn't yet met Mary's kids.
People still want to do that.
Tom has already spent all the money his father left him.
Tom has already spent all the money that his father left him.
I wanted Tom to understand why he couldn't live with us.
I wanted Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some milk.
It's going to go well.
I can't help thinking that Tom should be here with us.
Let's grab a bite to eat on our way home.
If I were you, I wouldn't sell your land.
I can't help but wonder whether Tom will really do that.
That's always been a problem.
Tom wasn't able to go to Australia.
That's going on my wish list.
Tom doesn't do things the way I do.
That's not all we have to do.
I'd never done anything like that before.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars?
Tom was only three years old when he came to Boston.
Tom was only three when he came to Boston.
Tom can say goodnight in three languages.
The danger hasn't passed yet.
I had no idea that Tom could speak French so fluently.
This sentence seems correct to me.
Tom is married to a woman three years younger than him.
Tom has asked me to go to Boston with him next weekend.
I want you to tell Tom that he can't come here anymore.
There isn't anyone else here.
Tom has been sent back to Australia.
They didn't give us anything.
Tom doesn't get a very high salary.
Those people seem to know us.
Tom told us Mary would be here.
We don't need to hire anyone.
We need a safe place to hide.
We need to clean the chimney.
Tom is someone that I looked up to.
We still have plenty of food.
There is room for everyone on Earth.
What trends have you noticed?
Doing that is tough at my age.
Everybody is so friendly here.
Tom said he had a really good time.
Guess whose children they are.
Tom and Mary were both drinking.
How much will you have to pay?
I didn't see anyone go inside.
He called her to ask her out.
He walked her to her apartment.
He helped her fix her car.
He handed her her purse.
He walked her to her door.
He carries her books for her every day.
He broke into her house and stole her jewelry.
He went to her house to give her some chocolate.
He broke into her house and stole her pearl necklace.
He kissed her hand, making her blush.
He noticed her bracelet on her desk and wondered why she wasn't wearing it.
He asked her father for permission to marry her.
He was afraid to ask her father's permission to marry her.
He isn't her son, but her nephew.
She isn't his daughter, but his niece.
He's her brother, not her father.
She's his sister, not his mother.
He's her brother.
He mowed her lawn for her.
He braided her hair for her.
He carried her books for her.
He dated her sister before he dated her.
She dated his brother before she dated him.
He's her cousin, not her brother.
She's his cousin, not his sister.
He's her brother, not her boyfriend.
She's his sister, not his girlfriend.
He isn't her brother. He's her cousin.
She isn't his sister. She's his cousin.
He's her son from her first marriage.
She's his daughter from his first marriage.
He cut her hair for her.
She cut his hair for him.
He tied her shoes for her.
She tied his shoes for him.
He washed her car for her.
She washed his car for him.
He tuned her guitar for her.
She tuned his guitar for him.
He returned her book to her.
She returned his book to him.
He fixed her bicycle for her.
She fixed his bicycle for him.
He took her car keys from her.
She took his car keys from him.
He carried her suitcase for her.
She carried his suitcase for him.
He went to her house to help her.
She went to his house to help him.
He sang her favorite song for her.
She sang his favorite song for him.
He took her car keys away from her.
She took his car keys away from him.
He drove by her house and waved at her.
She drove by his house and waved at him.
He whispered in her ear how much he loved her.
She whispered in his ear how much she loved him.
He accepted her invitation to have dinner with her.
She accepted his invitation to have dinner with him.
He not only denied that he was her friend, but that he even knew her.
She not only denied that he was her friend, but that she even knew him.
He stole her car from her garage.
She stole his car from his garage.
He tied her hands behind her back.
She tied his hands behind his back.
He found her car next to her home.
She found his car next to his home.
He whispered her name into her ear.
She whispered his name into his ear.
He carried her suitcase to her room.
She carried his suitcase to his room.
He carried her suitcases to her room.
She carried his suitcases to his room.
He snatched her phone out of her hand.
She snatched his phone out of his hand.
He blocked her punch and kicked her again.
She blocked his punch and kicked him again.
He held her hands in his and looked into her eyes.
She held his hands in hers and looked into his eyes.
He's going to her place to help her do something.
She's going to his place to help him do something.
He grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the door.
She grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the door.
He took her empty glass from her hand and refilled it.
She took his empty glass from his hand and refilled it.
He blocked her way and wouldn't let her enter the room.
She blocked his way and wouldn't let him enter the room.
He grabbed her fishing pole to help her pull in the fish.
She grabbed his fishing pole to help him pull in the fish.
He doesn't have her address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
She doesn't have his address in Boston, but she has his phone number.
He helped her to her feet.
She pulled him to his feet.
He promised her he'd help her.
She promised him she'd help him.
He said she died in her sleep.
She said he died in his sleep.
He reminded her of her father.
She reminded him of his mother.
He told her he needed her help.
She told him she needed his help.
He gave her her bag.
She gave him his bag.
He asked her her age.
She asked him his age.
He handed her her bag.
She handed him his bag.
He sent her on her way.
She sent him on his way.
He handed her her jacket.
He brought her her lunch.
She brought him his lunch.
He told her he'd help her.
She told him she'd help him.
He drove her to her place.
She drove him to his place.
He helped her wash her car.
She helped him wash his car.
He helped her dye her hair.
She helped him dye his hair.
He killed her in her sleep.
She killed him in his sleep.
He kissed her on her cheek.
She kissed him on his cheek.
He asked her about her job.
She asked him about his job.
He made her clean her room.
He helped her with her work.
She helped him with his work.
He thanked her for her time.
She thanked him for his time.
He asked her for her advice.
She asked him for his advice.
He asked her for her number.
She asked him for his number.
He killed her for her money.
She killed him for his money.
He thanked her for her gift.
She thanked him for his gift.
He found her in her bedroom.
She found him in his bedroom.
He escorted her to her room.
She escorted him to his room.
He helped her tie her shoes.
She helped him tie his shoes.
He told her to wash her car.
She told him to wash his car.
He told her to wash her face.
She told him to wash his face.
He made her change her plans.
She made him change his plans.
He asked her to quit her job.
She asked him to quit his job.
He asked her for her opinion.
She asked him for his opinion.
He helped her carry her bags.
She helped him carry his bags.
He killed her by choking her.
She killed him by choking his.
He ran after her to stop her.
She ran after him to stop him.
He thanked her for her advice.
She thanked him for his advice.
He helped her do her homework.
She helped him do his homework.
He asked her about her family.
She asked him about his family.
He kissed her on her forehead.
She kissed him on his forehead.
He told her to go to her room.
She told him to go to his room.
He helped her put her coat on.
She helped him put his coat on.
He told her to clean her room.
She told him to clean his room.
He knows why she quit her job.
She knows why he quit his job.
He wanted her to quit her job.
She wanted him to quit his job.
He pushed her to quit her job.
She pushed him to quit his job.
He helped her fix her bicycle.
She helped him fix his bicycle.
He helped her tune her guitar.
She helped him tune his guitar.
He called her on her birthday.
She called him on his birthday.
He won't let her have her way.
She won't let him have his way.
He told her to wash her hands.
She told him to wash his hands.
He helped her put on her coat.
She helped him put on his coat.
He robbed her of all her money.
She robbed him of all his money.
He recognized her by her voice.
She recognized him by his voice.
He admired her for her courage.
She admired him for his courage.
He helped her on with her coat.
She helped him on with his coat.
He helps her with her homework.
She helps him with his homework.
He saw her driving her new car.
He asked her about her new job.
She asked him about his new job.
He drove her back to her house.
She drove him back to his house.
He asked her what her plan was.
She asked him what his plan was.
He noticed she wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
He told her he hated her.
She told him she hated him.
He told her he liked her.
She told him she liked him.
He told her he loved her.
She told him she loved him.
He told her he despised her.
She told him she despised him.
He told her that he hated her.
She told him that she hated him.
He told her he didn't like her.
She told him she didn't like him.
He told her he didn't love her.
She told him she didn't love him.
He told her that he'd help her.
She told him that she'd help him.
He told her that he'd kill her.
She told him that she'd kill him.
He told her he didn't trust her.
She told him she didn't trust him.
He told her he'd never leave her.
She told him she'd never leave him.
He asked her if he could kiss her.
She asked him if she could kiss him.
He told her he had to talk to her.
She told him she had to talk to him.
He told her he wouldn't leave her.
She told him she wouldn't leave him.
He told her how he felt about her.
She told him how she felt about him.
He told her how much he loved her.
She told him how much she loved him.
He kissed her because he liked her.
She kissed him because she liked him.
He liked her as soon as he met her.
She liked him as soon as she met him.
He paid her everything he owed her.
She paid him everything she owed him.
He promised her that he'd help her.
She promised him that she'd help him.
He should've told her he loved her.
She should've told him she loved him.
He told her he wanted to marry her.
She told him she wanted to marry him.
He told her that he'd forgiven her.
She told him that she'd forgiven him.
He told her that he didn't love her.
He's going to tell her he likes her.
She's going to tell him she likes him.
He's going to tell her he loves her.
She's going to tell him she loves him.
He almost told her that he loved her.
She almost told him that she loved him.
He didn't tell her that he loved her.
She didn't tell him that she loved him.
He promised her he wouldn't hurt her.
She promised him she wouldn't hurt him.
He told her he was interested in her.
She told him she was interested in him.
He told her he'd always love her.
She told him she'd always love him.
He promised her he wouldn't leave her.
She promised him she wouldn't leave him.
He sang her the song he wrote for her.
She sang him the song she wrote for him.
He should tell her he won't leave her.
She should tell him she won't leave him.
He used to hate her. Now he loves her.
She used to hate him. Now she loves him.
He found her right where he'd left her.
She found him right where she'd left him.
He promised her that he would help her.
She promised him that she would help him.
He told her he didn't want to help her.
She told him she didn't want to help him.
He told her he wouldn't ever leave her.
She told him she wouldn't ever leave him.
He told her he wouldn't go without her.
She told him she wouldn't go without him.
He tried to tell her that he liked her.
She tried to tell him that she liked him.
He tried to tell her that he loved her.
She tried to tell him that she loved him.
He wants her to know that he likes her.
She wants him to know that she likes him.
He wants her to know that he loves her.
She wants him to know that she loves him.
He hugged her and told her he loved her.
She hugged him and told him she loved him.
He never told her how much he loved her.
She never told him how much she loved him.
He paid her back everything he owed her.
She paid him back everything she owed him.
He recognized her as soon as he saw her.
She recognized him as soon as she saw him.
He recognized her the second he saw her.
She recognized him the second she saw him.
He should've told her that he loved her.
She should've told him that she loved him.
He told her that he was glad to see her.
She told him that she was glad to see him.
He asked her if he could sit next to her.
She asked him if she could sit next to him.
He decided to tell her that he loved her.
She decided to tell him that she loved him.
He should let her know that he likes her.
She should let him know that she likes him.
He should probably tell her he loves her.
She should probably tell him she loves him.
He showed her what he had bought for her.
She showed him what she had bought for him.
He told her how he really felt about her.
She told him how she really felt about him.
He told her that he had feelings for her.
She told him that she had feelings for him.
He's going to tell her that he likes her.
She's going to tell him that she likes him.
He's going to tell her that he loves her.
She's going to tell him that she loves him.
He didn't tell her why he didn't like her.
She didn't tell him why she didn't like him.
He promised her that he'd never leave her.
She promised him that she'd never leave him.
He told her that he'd always love her.
She told him that she'd always love him.
He told her what he really thought of her.
She told him what she really thought of him.
He wished he hadn't told her he loved her.
She wished she hadn't told him she loved him.
He's always telling her that he loves her.
She's always telling him that she loves him.
He could hear her, but he couldn't see her.
She could hear him, but she couldn't see him.
He promised her he wouldn't ever leave her.
She promised him she wouldn't ever leave him.
He thought she knew why he didn't like her.
She thought he knew why she didn't like him.
He promised her he wouldn't try to kiss her.
She promised him she wouldn't try to kiss him.
He used to love her. Now he can't stand her.
She used to love him. Now she can't stand him.
He tried to tell her that he didn't like her.
She tried to tell him that she didn't like him.
He never should've told her that he loved her.
She never should've told him that she loved him.
He told her that he couldn't live without her.
She told him that she couldn't live without him.
He wanted her to know that he didn't hate her.
She wanted him to know that she didn't hate him.
He wrote to her to tell her that he loved her.
He doesn't know her, but he'd like to meet her.
She doesn't know him, but she'd like to meet him.
He fell in love with her the moment he met her.
She fell in love with him the moment she met him.
He was thinking about telling her he loved her.
She was thinking about telling him she loved him.
He told her more than he'd expected to tell her.
She told him more than she'd expected to tell him.
He was never able to tell her that he loved her.
She was never able to tell him that she loved him.
He promised her that he wouldn't try to kiss her.
She promised him that she wouldn't try to kiss him.
He told her he had written the poem just for her.
She told him she had written the poem just for him.
He wasn't aware that she was hoping he'd kiss her.
She wasn't aware that he was hoping she'd kiss him.
He didn't think she'd eat what he made for her.
She didn't think he'd eat what she made for him.
He fell in love with her the first time he met her.
He fell in love with her the first time he saw her.
She fell in love with him the first time she saw him.
He told her he wouldn't carry her suitcase for her.
She told him she wouldn't carry his suitcase for him.
He wanted to talk to her, but he couldn't find her.
She wanted to talk to him, but she couldn't find him.
He aimed his pistol at her, but he didn't shoot her.
She aimed her pistol at him, but she didn't shoot him.
He forgot to ask her what he'd planned to ask her.
She forgot to ask him what she'd planned to ask him.
He lowered his voice and told her that he loved her.
She lowered his voice and told him that she loved him.
He told her that he wanted to go to Boston with her.
She told him that she wanted to go to Boston with him.
He was so angry at her he couldn't even look at her.
She was so angry at him she couldn't even look at him.
He was thinking about telling her that he loved her.
She was thinking about telling him that she loved him.
He wondered if she liked him as much as he liked her.
She wondered if he liked him as much as she liked him.
He wondered if she loved him as much as he loved her.
She wondered if he loved him as much as she loved him.
He wondered if she'd like the gift he bought her.
She wondered if he'd like the gift she bought him.
He can't quite bring himself to tell her he loves her.
She can't quite bring himself to tell him she loves him.
He forgot to tell her what he'd planned to tell her.
She forgot to tell him what she'd planned to tell him.
He told her that he had written the poem just for her.
She told him that she had written the poem just for him.
He made a promise to her that he'd never leave her.
She made a promise to him that she'd never leave him.
He assumed she'd like the present he bought for her.
She assumed he'd like the present she bought for him.
He wrote her a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't send it to him.
He hopes that she'll like the present he bought for her.
She hopes that he'll like the present she bought for him.
He wondered whether she'd like the gift he bought her.
She wondered whether he'd like the gift she bought him.
He was surprised that she remembered what he'd said to her.
She was surprised that he remembered what she'd said to him.
He told me he didn't recognize her the last time he saw her.
She told me she didn't recognize him the last time she saw him.
He wished he hadn't promised her he'd go to Boston with her.
She wished she hadn't promised him she'd go to Boston with him.
He remembered how beautiful she'd been when he first met her.
She remembered how handsome he'd been when she first met him.
He wanted to find a creative way to tell her that he loved her.
She wanted to find a creative way to tell him that she loved him.
He finally mustered up the courage to tell her that he loved her.
She finally mustered up the courage to tell him that she loved him.
He told me that he didn't recognize her the last time he saw her.
She told me that she didn't recognize him the last time she saw him.
He didn't think she'd enjoy his party, so he didn't invite her.
She didn't think he'd enjoy her party, so she didn't invite him.
He got tired of waiting for her, so he went into the museum without her.
She got tired of waiting for him, so she went into the museum without him.
He apparently hasn't yet told her that he won't be going to Boston with her.
She apparently hasn't yet told him that she won't be going to Boston with him.
He promised her that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
She promised him that she'd pay back all the money that she'd borrowed from him.
Tom was talking to someone in French.
I felt that something was off.
I hope that no one got killed.
Tom and Mary were both upstairs.
I hope that nobody got killed.
I didn't want to buy everything that Tom asked me to buy.
I'm glad the thief was caught.
Tom is adjusting to life in Australia.
I'm not sure that that's fair.
Tom says he feels a lot better now.
It wasn't what I wanted to do.
He asked her if he could walk her home.
He told her he'd pick her up around 2:30.
He promised her he'd buy her a diamond necklace.
He swore to her that he wasn't the one who stole her necklace.
He wants her to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him.
He told her he'd teach her French.
She told him she'd teach him French.
He told her he loved her in French.
She told him she loved him in French.
He told her why he needed her help.
She told him why she needed his help.
He said he'd help her with her plan.
She said she'd help him with his plan.
He told her that he needed her help.
She told him that she needed his help.
He told her that he wanted her help.
She told him that she wanted his help.
He told her why he wanted her to win.
She told him why she wanted him to win.
He asked her if he could hold her hand.
She asked him if she could hold his hand.
He called her to tell her he was sorry.
She called him to tell him she was sorry.
He called her to tell her he'd be late.
She called him to tell him she'd be late.
He promised her he'd come to her party.
She promised him she'd come to his party.
He texted her to tell her he was sorry.
She texted him to tell him she was sorry.
He told her that he'd help her do that.
She told him that she'd help him do that.
He asked her if he could copy her notes.
She asked him if she could copy his notes.
He called her and told her he'd be late.
She called him and told him she'd be late.
He told her he could meet her on Monday.
She told him she could meet him on Monday.
He told her he didn't want her to leave.
She told him she didn't want him to leave.
He told her he wouldn't be at her party.
She told him she wouldn't be at his party.
He wants her to know he likes her a lot.
She wants him to know she likes him a lot.
He found her where he expected her to be.
She found him where she expected him to be.
He got her to do what he wanted her to do.
She got him to do what she wanted him to do.
He told her why he was late for her party.
She told him why she was late for his party.
He was lying to her when he told her that.
She was lying to him when she told him that.
He told her he was going to give her a car.
She told him she was going to give him a car.
He asked her if he could borrow her bicycle.
She asked him if she could borrow his bicycle.
He called her to tell her that he was sorry.
She called him to tell him that she was sorry.
He called her to tell her that he'd be late.
She called him to tell him that she'd be late.
He said that he told her to do her homework.
She said that she told him to do his homework.
He texted her to tell her that he was sorry.
She texted him to tell him that she was sorry.
He told her he didn't want to see her again.
She told him she didn't want to see him again.
He told her that he'd help her wash her car.
She told him that she'd help him wash his car.
He told her why he couldn't go to her party.
She told him why she couldn't go to his party.
He called her and told her that he'd be late.
She called him and told him that she'd be late.
He needs to tell her what he wants her to do.
She needs to tell him what she wants him to do.
He told her that he could meet her on Monday.
She told him that she could meet him on Monday.
He told her that he wouldn't be at her party.
She told him that she wouldn't be at his party.
He told her he didn't want to see her anymore.
She told him she didn't want to see him anymore.
He told her he wouldn't let her go by herself.
She told him she wouldn't let him go by himself.
He told her that he'd help her, but he didn't.
She told him that she'd help him, but she didn't.
He told her he didn't want her to go to Boston.
She told him she didn't want him to go to Boston.
He told her that he'd help her wash the dishes.
She told him that she'd help him wash the dishes.
He promised her that he'd meet her after school.
She promised him that she'd meet him after school.
He said he saw her spanking one of her children.
She said she saw him spanking one of his children.
He told her that he was going to give her a car.
She told him that she was going to give him a car.
He didn't even text her to tell her he'd be late.
She didn't even text him to tell him she'd be late.
He emailed her the pictures he took at her party.
She emailed him the pictures she took at his party.
He told her that he'd help her with her homework.
She told him that she'd help him with his homework.
He asked her if he could read her mother's letter.
She asked him if she could read his mother's letter.
He told her he didn't want her to do that anymore.
She told him she didn't want him to do that anymore.
He told her that he couldn't allow her to do that.
She told him that she couldn't allow him to do that.
He bet her that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
She bet him that she could beat him at arm wrestling.
He didn't want to tell her he'd lost all her money.
She didn't want to tell him she'd lost all his money.
He told her he'd visit her in Boston every weekend.
She told him she'd visit him in Boston every weekend.
He told her that he didn't like her sense of humor.
She told him that she didn't like his sense of humor.
He asked her if he could borrow her French textbook.
She asked him if she could borrow his French textbook.
He explained to her why he couldn't go to her party.
She explained to him why she couldn't go to his party.
He would've called her if he'd had her phone number.
She would've called him if she'd had his phone number.
He said he doesn't know where her bought her bicycle.
She said she doesn't know where him bought his bicycle.
He told her he wanted her to stay in Boston with him.
She told him she wanted him to stay in Boston with her.
He shot her in the knee before he blew her brains out.
She shot him in the knee before she blew his brains out.
He told her that he didn't want her to do that anymore.
She told him that she didn't want him to do that anymore.
He told her that he wanted her to babysit his children.
She told him that she wanted him to babysit her children.
He didn't want to tell her that he'd lost all her money.
She didn't want to tell him that she'd lost all his money.
He told her that he was going to show her how to do that.
She told him that she was going to show him how to do that.
He was lying to her when he told her he'd been in Boston.
She was lying to him when she told him she'd been in Boston.
He didn't want to tell her that he had lost all her money.
She didn't want to tell him that she had lost all his money.
He gets upset when she doesn't do what he tells her to do.
She gets upset when he doesn't do what she tells him to do.
He meant to tell her about it, but he never saw her again.
She meant to tell him about it, but she never saw him again.
He texted her to let her know that he was going to be late.
She texted him to let him know that she was going to be late.
He texted her to let her know that he had arrived in Boston.
She texted him to let him know that she had arrived in Boston.
He told her he wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
She told him she wasn't interested in helping him do anything.
He told her that he was going to show her some old pictures.
She told him that she was going to show him some old pictures.
He told her he was interested in buying one of her paintings.
She told him she was interested in buying one of his paintings.
He said that he thought she was still living with her parents.
She said that she thought he was still living with his parents.
He was lying to her when he told her that he'd been in Boston.
She was lying to him when she told him that she'd been in Boston.
He didn't seem to care that she didn't do what he asked her to do.
She didn't seem to care that he didn't do what she asked him to do.
He assured her that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
She assured him that she'd help him paint the ceiling of his kitchen.
He didn't tell her why he didn't want her to go to Boston with him.
She didn't tell him why she didn't want him to go to Boston with her.
He knew that she wasn't likely to be ready when he got to her house.
She knew that he wasn't likely to be ready when she got to his house.
He quit going out with her because he didn't like her sense of humor.
She quit going out with him because she didn't like his sense of humor.
He promised her that he'd meet her last night, but he never showed up.
She promised him that she'd meet him last night, but she never showed up.
He's worried about her since he hasn't heard from her since last Monday.
She's worried about him since she hasn't heard from him since last Monday.
He apparently hasn't yet told her that he's not going to be at her party.
She apparently hasn't yet told him that she's not going to be at his party.
He couldn't keep lying to her. He felt he just had to tell her the truth.
She couldn't keep lying to him. She felt she just had to tell him the truth.
He told her that he loved her shoes even though he thought they were ugly.
She told him that she loved his shoes even though she thought they were ugly.
He was afraid that she might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
She was afraid that he might poke his eye out, so she told him to be careful.
He called her to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
She called him to tell him that she might need him help later in the afternoon.
He thought that she wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
She thought that he wanted her to kiss him, but she wasn't sure, so she didn't.
He wants me to call her and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
She wants me to call him and make it clear that she never wants to see him again.
He knew that she couldn't swim, but he asked her to go swimming with him anyway.
She knew that he couldn't swim, but she asked him to go swimming with him anyway.
He clearly hopes that she won't notice that he broke one of her expensive teacups.
She clearly hopes that he won't notice that she broke one of him expensive teacups.
He broke up with her before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy her a present.
She broke up with him before him birthday, so she wouldn't have to buy him a present.
He got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with her and her friends.
She got stuck with the whole bill when she went out drinking with him and him friends.
He doesn't like her. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
She doesn't like him. However, she doesn't particularly care whether she likes him or not.
He wondered how many times he'd have to tell her to clean her room before she finally did it.
She wondered how many times she'd have to tell him to clean him room before she finally did it.
He told her that he didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
She told him that she didn't think it was a good idea for him to go jogging in the park by himself.
He's a dad himself.
She's a mom herself.
He's a father himself.
She's a mother herself.
He's there by himself.
She's there by herself.
He's eating by himself.
She's eating by herself.
He's always by himself.
She's always by herself.
He's by himself in his car.
She's by herself in her car.
He's in his room by himself.
She's in her room by herself.
He's just thinking of himself.
She's just thinking of herself.
He's very pleased with himself.
She's very pleased with herself.
He's too old to live by himself.
She's too old to live by herself.
He's going to handle that himself.
She's going to handle that herself.
He's sitting over there by himself.
She's sitting over there by herself.
He's sitting by himself over there.
She's sitting by herself over there.
He's going to walk home by himself.
She's going to walk home by herself.
He's learning how to defend himself.
She's learning how to defend herself.
He's too weak to look after himself.
She's too weak to look after herself.
He's supposed to do that by himself.
She's supposed to do that by herself.
He's able to do that by himself now.
She's able to do that by herself now.
He's now able to do that by himself.
She's now able to do that by herself.
He's traveling by himself, isn't he?
She's traveling by herself, isn't she?
He's unlikely to do that by himself.
She's unlikely to do that by herself.
He's planning to do that by himself.
She's planning to do that by herself.
He's sitting on the sofa by himself.
She's sitting on the sofa by herself.
He's making himself something to eat.
She's making herself something to eat.
He's old enough to travel by himself.
She's old enough to travel by herself.
He's too young to do that by himself.
She's too young to do that by herself.
He's too afraid to go out by himself.
She's too afraid to go out by herself.
He's too young to go there by himself.
She's too young to go there by herself.
He's looking at himself in the mirror.
She's looking at herself in the mirror.
He's old enough to decide for himself.
She's old enough to decide for herself.
He's old enough to look after himself.
She's old enough to look after herself.
He's going to have to do that himself.
She's going to have to do that herself.
He's old enough to do that by himself.
She's old enough to do that by herself.
He's still too young to dress himself.
She's still too young to dress herself.
He's capable of taking care of himself.
She's capable of taking care of herself.
He's looking very pleased with himself.
She's looking very pleased with herself.
He's going to have to do it by himself.
She's going to have to do it by herself.
He's planning on doing that by himself.
She's planning on doing that by herself.
He's old enough to take care of himself.
He's teaching himself to play the piano.
She's teaching herself to play the piano.
He's going to have to do that by himself.
She's going to have to do that by herself.
He's strong enough to do that by himself.
She's strong enough to do that by herself.
He's playing by himself in the front yard.
She's playing by herself in the front yard.
He's sitting in the corner all by himself.
She's sitting in the corner all by herself.
He's going to have to do it all by himself.
She's going to have to do it all by herself.
He's quite capable of looking after himself.
She's quite capable of looking after herself.
He's too young to go out by himself at night.
She's too young to go out by herself at night.
He's already big enough to do that by himself.
She's already big enough to do that by herself.
He's going to hurt himself if he's not careful.
She's going to hurt herself if she's not careful.
He's perfectly capable of taking care of himself.
She's perfectly capable of taking care of herself.
He's too much of a coward to go there by himself.
She's too much of a coward to go there by herself.
He's going to have to take better care of himself.
She's going to have to take better care of herself.
He's going to get himself killed if he isn't careful.
She's going to get herself killed if she isn't careful.
He's going to hurt himself if he's not a little more careful.
She's going to hurt herself if she's not a little more careful.
Tom didn't give flowers to Mary.
It won't cost much to do that.
It's an amazing place to live.
Tom was talking to somebody in French.
It's been three years already.
Tom says that he doesn't feel well.
Just give me a glass of water.
Tom didn't know that Mary drank.
That isn't a hard thing to do.
It's about time Tom was recognized for all his hard work.
That method worked well today.
Tom said that he wants to learn French.
That's a hard pill to swallow.
That's all I'm doing nowadays.
Tom and Mary are both doing well.
Do you want to help us?
He's OK, isn't he?
She's OK, isn't she?
He's in, isn't he?
She's in, isn't she?
He's up, isn't he?
She's up, isn't she?
He's shy, isn't he?
She's shy, isn't she?
He's sad, isn't he?
She's sad, isn't she?
He's old, isn't he?
She's old, isn't she?
He's fat, isn't he?
She's fat, isn't she?
He's fun, isn't he?
She's fun, isn't she?
He's mad, isn't he?
She's mad, isn't she?
He's new, isn't he?
She's new, isn't she?
He's odd, isn't he?
She's odd, isn't she?
He's dead, isn't he?
She's dead, isn't she?
He's busy, isn't he?
She's busy, isn't she?
He's safe, isn't he?
She's safe, isn't she?
He's wise, isn't he?
She's wise, isn't she?
He's ugly, isn't he?
She's ugly, isn't she?
He's thin, isn't he?
She's thin, isn't she?
He's tall, isn't he?
She's tall, isn't she?
He's rude, isn't he?
She's rude, isn't she?
He's rich, isn't he?
She's rich, isn't she?
He's poor, isn't he?
She's poor, isn't she?
He's nice, isn't he?
She's nice, isn't she?
He's neat, isn't he?
She's neat, isn't she?
He's here, isn't he?
She's here, isn't she?
He's good, isn't he?
She's good, isn't she?
He's fast, isn't he?
She's fast, isn't she?
He's fair, isn't he?
She's fair, isn't she?
He's cool, isn't he?
She's cool, isn't she?
He's loud, isn't he?
She's loud, isn't she?
He's lazy, isn't he?
She's lazy, isn't she?
He's well, isn't he?
She's well, isn't she?
He's mean, isn't he?
She's mean, isn't she?
He's kind, isn't he?
She's kind, isn't she?
He's back, isn't he?
She's back, isn't she?
He's calm, isn't he?
She's calm, isn't she?
He's cold, isn't he?
She's cold, isn't she?
He's deaf, isn't he?
She's deaf, isn't she?
He's done, isn't he?
She's done, isn't she?
He's fine, isn't he?
She's fine, isn't she?
He's free, isn't he?
She's free, isn't she?
He's glad, isn't he?
She's glad, isn't she?
He's gone, isn't he?
She's gone, isn't she?
He's nosy, isn't he?
She's nosy, isn't she?
He's high, isn't he?
She's high, isn't she?
He's home, isn't he?
She's home, isn't she?
He's huge, isn't he?
She's huge, isn't she?
He's late, isn't he?
She's late, isn't she?
He's lost, isn't he?
She's lost, isn't she?
He's next, isn't he?
She's next, isn't she?
He's nuts, isn't he?
She's nuts, isn't she?
He's pale, isn't he?
She's pale, isn't she?
He's sick, isn't he?
She's sick, isn't she?
He's slow, isn't he?
She's slow, isn't she?
He's weak, isn't he?
She's weak, isn't she?
He's young, isn't he?
She's young, isn't she?
He's wrong, isn't he?
She's wrong, isn't she?
He's witty, isn't he?
She's witty, isn't she?
He's tough, isn't he?
She's tough, isn't she?
He's timid, isn't he?
She's timid, isn't she?
He's tense, isn't he?
She's tense, isn't she?
He's smart, isn't he?
She's smart, isn't she?
He's short, isn't he?
She's short, isn't she?
He's sharp, isn't he?
She's sharp, isn't she?
He's right, isn't he?
She's right, isn't she?
He's quiet, isn't he?
She's quiet, isn't she?
He's petty, isn't he?
She's petty, isn't she?
He's obese, isn't he?
She's obese, isn't she?
He's nasty, isn't he?
She's nasty, isn't she?
He's naive, isn't he?
She's naive, isn't she?
He's happy, isn't he?
She's happy, isn't she?
He's funny, isn't he?
She's funny, isn't she?
He's dying, isn't he?
She's dying, isn't she?
He's crazy, isn't he?
She's crazy, isn't she?
He's bossy, isn't he?
She's bossy, isn't she?
He's angry, isn't he?
She's angry, isn't she?
He's alive, isn't he?
She's alive, isn't she?
He's moody, isn't he?
She's moody, isn't she?
He's lucky, isn't he?
She's lucky, isn't she?
He's loyal, isn't he?
She's loyal, isn't she?
He's there, isn't he?
She's there, isn't she?
He's ready, isn't he?
She's ready, isn't she?
He's fussy, isn't he?
She's fussy, isn't she?
He's nosey, isn't he?
She's nosey, isn't she?
He's a CPA, isn't he?
She's a CPA, isn't she?
He's a pro, isn't he?
She's a pro, isn't she?
He's a vet, isn't he?
She's a vet, isn't she?
He's alone, isn't he?
She's alone, isn't she?
He's awake, isn't he?
She's awake, isn't she?
He's blind, isn't he?
She's blind, isn't she?
He's bored, isn't he?
She's bored, isn't she?
He's brave, isn't he?
She's brave, isn't she?
He's broke, isn't he?
She's broke, isn't she?
He's cruel, isn't he?
She's cruel, isn't she?
He's dirty, isn't he?
She's dirty, isn't she?
He's early, isn't he?
She's early, isn't she?
He's frank, isn't he?
She's frank, isn't she?
He's going, isn't he?
She's going, isn't she?
He's lying, isn't he?
She's lying, isn't she?
He's needy, isn't he?
She's needy, isn't she?
He's picky, isn't he?
She's picky, isn't she?
He's pushy, isn't he?
She's pushy, isn't she?
He's scary, isn't he?
She's scary, isn't she?
He's sorry, isn't he?
She's sorry, isn't she?
He's upset, isn't he?
She's upset, isn't she?
He's weird, isn't he?
She's weird, isn't she?
He's untidy, isn't he?
She's untidy, isn't she?
He's touchy, isn't he?
She's touchy, isn't she?
He's strong, isn't he?
She's strong, isn't she?
He's sneaky, isn't he?
She's sneaky, isn't she?
He's sleepy, isn't he?
She's sleepy, isn't she?
He's skinny, isn't he?
She's skinny, isn't she?
He's single, isn't he?
She's single, isn't she?
He's scared, isn't he?
She's scared, isn't she?
He's polite, isn't he?
She's polite, isn't she?
He's OK now, isn't he?
She's OK now, isn't she?
He's normal, isn't he?
She's normal, isn't she?
He's hungry, isn't he?
She's hungry, isn't she?
He's honest, isn't he?
She's honest, isn't she?
He's guilty, isn't he?
She's guilty, isn't she?
He's grumpy, isn't he?
She's grumpy, isn't she?
He's greedy, isn't he?
She's greedy, isn't she?
He's famous, isn't he?
She's famous, isn't she?
He's driven, isn't he?
She's driven, isn't she?
He's direct, isn't he?
She's direct, isn't she?
He's crafty, isn't he?
She's crafty, isn't she?
He's boring, isn't he?
She's boring, isn't she?
He's asleep, isn't he?
She's asleep, isn't she?
He's modest, isn't he?
She's modest, isn't she?
He's a cook, isn't he?
She's a cook, isn't she?
He's a liar, isn't he?
She's a liar, isn't she?
He's a poet, isn't he?
She's a poet, isn't she?
He's a slob, isn't he?
She's a slob, isn't she?
He's a snob, isn't he?
She's a snob, isn't she?
He's a twin, isn't he?
She's a twin, isn't she?
He's a wimp, isn't he?
She's a wimp, isn't she?
He's abroad, isn't he?
She's abroad, isn't she?
He's afraid, isn't he?
She's afraid, isn't she?
He's better, isn't he?
She's better, isn't she?
He's biased, isn't he?
She's biased, isn't she?
He's bright, isn't he?
She's bright, isn't she?
He's clever, isn't he?
She's clever, isn't she?
He's coming, isn't he?
She's coming, isn't she?
He's cranky, isn't he?
She's cranky, isn't she?
He's creepy, isn't he?
She's creepy, isn't she?
He's hiding, isn't he?
She's hiding, isn't she?
He's immune, isn't he?
She's immune, isn't she?
He's in bed, isn't he?
She's in bed, isn't she?
He's insane, isn't he?
She's insane, isn't she?
He's inside, isn't he?
She's inside, isn't she?
He's joking, isn't he?
She's joking, isn't she?
He's lonely, isn't he?
She's lonely, isn't she?
He's losing, isn't he?
She's losing, isn't she?
He's moving, isn't he?
She's moving, isn't she?
He's my age, isn't he?
She's my age, isn't she?
He's nearby, isn't he?
She's nearby, isn't she?
He's skiing, isn't he?
She's skiing, isn't she?
He's stingy, isn't he?
She's stingy, isn't she?
He's strict, isn't he?
She's strict, isn't she?
He's stupid, isn't he?
She's stupid, isn't she?
He's thirty, isn't he?
She's thirty, isn't she?
He's trying, isn't he?
She's trying, isn't she?
He's eating, isn't he?
She's eating, isn't she?
He's wasted, isn't he?
She's wasted, isn't she?
He's leaving, isn't he?
She's leaving, isn't she?
He's at work, isn't he?
He's winning, isn't he?
She's winning, isn't she?
He's wealthy, isn't he?
She's wealthy, isn't she?
He's unlucky, isn't he?
She's unlucky, isn't she?
He's unhappy, isn't he?
She's unhappy, isn't she?
He's sincere, isn't he?
She's sincere, isn't she?
He's shallow, isn't he?
She's shallow, isn't she?
He's serious, isn't he?
She's serious, isn't she?
He's selfish, isn't he?
She's selfish, isn't she?
He's popular, isn't he?
She's popular, isn't she?
He's patient, isn't he?
She's patient, isn't she?
He's nervous, isn't he?
She's nervous, isn't she?
He's married, isn't he?
She's married, isn't she?
He's jealous, isn't he?
She's jealous, isn't she?
He's helpful, isn't he?
She's helpful, isn't she?
He's healthy, isn't he?
She's healthy, isn't she?
He's foolish, isn't he?
She's foolish, isn't she?
He's devious, isn't he?
She's devious, isn't she?
He's cynical, isn't he?
She's cynical, isn't she?
He's careful, isn't he?
She's careful, isn't she?
He's anxious, isn't he?
She's anxious, isn't she?
He's amusing, isn't he?
She's amusing, isn't she?
He's radical, isn't he?
She's radical, isn't she?
He's at home, isn't he?
She's at home, isn't she?
He's retired, isn't he?
She's retired, isn't she?
He's worried, isn't he?
She's worried, isn't she?
He's never late, is he?
She's never late, is she?
He's a crook, isn't he?
She's a crook, isn't she?
He's a pilot, isn't he?
She's a pilot, isn't she?
He's a prude, isn't he?
She's a prude, isn't she?
He's a rebel, isn't he?
She's a rebel, isn't she?
He's a vegan, isn't he?
She's a vegan, isn't she?
He's curious, isn't he?
She's curious, isn't she?
He's dieting, isn't he?
She's dieting, isn't she?
He's furious, isn't he?
She's furious, isn't she?
He's in jail, isn't he?
She's in jail, isn't she?
He's in love, isn't he?
She's in love, isn't she?
He's in pain, isn't he?
She's in pain, isn't she?
He's invited, isn't he?
She's invited, isn't she?
He's outside, isn't he?
She's outside, isn't she?
He's packing, isn't he?
She's packing, isn't she?
He's pleased, isn't he?
She's pleased, isn't she?
He's present, isn't he?
She's present, isn't she?
He's prudent, isn't he?
She's prudent, isn't she?
He's skating, isn't he?
She's skating, isn't she?
He's staying, isn't he?
She's staying, isn't she?
He's strange, isn't he?
She's strange, isn't she?
He's thrifty, isn't he?
She's thrifty, isn't she?
He's waiting, isn't he?
She's waiting, isn't she?
He's working, isn't he?
She's working, isn't she?
He's on duty, isn't he?
She's on duty, isn't she?
He's thorough, isn't he?
She's thorough, isn't she?
He's talented, isn't he?
She's talented, isn't she?
He's stuck-up, isn't he?
She's stuck-up, isn't she?
He's stubborn, isn't he?
She's stubborn, isn't she?
He's spirited, isn't he?
She's spirited, isn't she?
He's very shy, isn't he?
She's very shy, isn't she?
He's sensible, isn't he?
She's sensible, isn't she?
He's ruthless, isn't he?
She's ruthless, isn't she?
He's romantic, isn't he?
She's romantic, isn't she?
He's reserved, isn't he?
She's reserved, isn't she?
He's reliable, isn't he?
She's reliable, isn't she?
He's reckless, isn't he?
She's reckless, isn't she?
He's punctual, isn't he?
She's punctual, isn't she?
He's prepared, isn't he?
She's prepared, isn't she?
He's powerful, isn't he?
She's powerful, isn't she?
He's pathetic, isn't he?
She's pathetic, isn't she?
He's outgoing, isn't he?
She's outgoing, isn't she?
He's very old, isn't he?
She's very old, isn't she?
He's obedient, isn't he?
She's obedient, isn't she?
He's fine now, isn't he?
She's fine now, isn't she?
He's busy now, isn't he?
She's busy now, isn't she?
He's handsome, isn't he?
He's gullible, isn't he?
She's gullible, isn't she?
He's generous, isn't he?
She's generous, isn't she?
He's fearless, isn't he?
She's fearless, isn't she?
He's eloquent, isn't he?
She's eloquent, isn't she?
He's a doctor, isn't he?
She's a doctor, isn't she?
He's discreet, isn't he?
She's discreet, isn't she?
He's decisive, isn't he?
She's decisive, isn't she?
He's creative, isn't he?
She's creative, isn't she?
He's careless, isn't he?
She's careless, isn't she?
He's arrogant, isn't he?
She's arrogant, isn't she?
He's annoying, isn't he?
She's annoying, isn't she?
He's sleeping, isn't he?
She's sleeping, isn't she?
He's safe now, isn't he?
She's safe now, isn't she?
He's finished, isn't he?
She's finished, isn't she?
He's confused, isn't he?
She's confused, isn't she?
He's a lawyer, isn't he?
She's a lawyer, isn't she?
He's a member, isn't he?
She's a member, isn't she?
He's a smoker, isn't he?
She's a smoker, isn't she?
He's diabetic, isn't he?
She's diabetic, isn't she?
He's divorced, isn't he?
She's divorced, isn't she?
He's doing OK, isn't he?
She's doing OK, isn't she?
He's homesick, isn't he?
She's homesick, isn't she?
He's mistaken, isn't he?
She's mistaken, isn't she?
He's new here, isn't he?
She's new here, isn't she?
He's stalling, isn't he?
She's stalling, isn't she?
He's still up, isn't he?
She's still up, isn't she?
He's swimming, isn't he?
She's swimming, isn't she?
He's upstairs, isn't he?
She's upstairs, isn't she?
He's very fat, isn't he?
She's very fat, isn't she?
He's wasteful, isn't he?
She's wasteful, isn't she?
He's watching, isn't he?
She's watching, isn't she?
He's with you, isn't he?
She's with you, isn't she?
He's bluffing, isn't he?
She's bluffing, isn't she?
He's secretive, isn't he?
She's secretive, isn't she?
He's very tidy, isn't he?
She's very tidy, isn't she?
He's a teacher, isn't he?
She's a teacher, isn't she?
He's very tall, isn't he?
She's very tall, isn't she?
He's talkative, isn't he?
She's talkative, isn't she?
He's a student, isn't he?
She's a student, isn't she?
He's quite shy, isn't he?
She's quite shy, isn't she?
He's at school, isn't he?
She's at school, isn't she?
He's very rude, isn't he?
She's very rude, isn't she?
He's very rich, isn't he?
She's very rich, isn't she?
He's reputable, isn't he?
She's reputable, isn't she?
He's outspoken, isn't he?
She's outspoken, isn't she?
He's organized, isn't he?
She's organized, isn't she?
He's quite old, isn't he?
She's quite old, isn't she?
He's obstinate, isn't he?
She's obstinate, isn't she?
He's observant, isn't he?
She's observant, isn't she?
He's obnoxious, isn't he?
She's obnoxious, isn't she?
He's very late, isn't he?
She's very late, isn't she?
He's impulsive, isn't he?
She's impulsive, isn't she?
He's impatient, isn't he?
She's impatient, isn't she?
He's forgetful, isn't he?
She's forgetful, isn't she?
He's very fast, isn't he?
She's very fast, isn't she?
He's an expert, isn't he?
She's an expert, isn't she?
He's energetic, isn't he?
She's energetic, isn't she?
He's efficient, isn't he?
She's efficient, isn't she?
He's eccentric, isn't he?
She's eccentric, isn't she?
He's easygoing, isn't he?
She's easygoing, isn't she?
He's dishonest, isn't he?
She's dishonest, isn't she?
He's dedicated, isn't he?
She's dedicated, isn't she?
He's confident, isn't he?
She's confident, isn't she?
He's conceited, isn't he?
She's conceited, isn't she?
He's ambitious, isn't he?
She's ambitious, isn't she?
He's motivated, isn't he?
She's motivated, isn't she?
He's obsessive, isn't he?
She's obsessive, isn't she?
He's in Boston, isn't he?
She's in Boston, isn't she?
He's safe here, isn't he?
She's safe here, isn't she?
He's exhausted, isn't he?
She's exhausted, isn't she?
He's dangerous, isn't he?
She's dangerous, isn't she?
He's a dentist, isn't he?
She's a dentist, isn't she?
He's a dreamer, isn't he?
She's a dreamer, isn't she?
He's a drummer, isn't he?
She's a drummer, isn't she?
He's a painter, isn't he?
She's a painter, isn't she?
He's a surgeon, isn't he?
She's a surgeon, isn't she?
He's a suspect, isn't he?
She's a suspect, isn't she?
He's all alone, isn't he?
She's all alone, isn't she?
He's all right, isn't he?
She's all right, isn't she?
He's an artist, isn't he?
She's an artist, isn't she?
He's angry now, isn't he?
She's angry now, isn't she?
He's awake now, isn't he?
She's awake now, isn't she?
He's conscious, isn't he?
She's conscious, isn't she?
He's depressed, isn't he?
She's depressed, isn't she?
He's desperate, isn't he?
She's desperate, isn't she?
He's from here, isn't he?
She's from here, isn't she?
He's happy now, isn't he?
She's happy now, isn't she?
He's hung over, isn't he?
She's hung over, isn't she?
He's in danger, isn't he?
She's in danger, isn't she?
He's incorrect, isn't he?
She's incorrect, isn't she?
He's irritated, isn't he?
She's irritated, isn't she?
He's listening, isn't he?
She's listening, isn't she?
He's mad at me, isn't he?
She's mad at me, isn't she?
He's mad at us, isn't he?
She's mad at us, isn't she?
He's off today, isn't he?
She's off today, isn't she?
He's ready now, isn't he?
She's ready now, isn't she?
He's skeptical, isn't he?
She's skeptical, isn't she?
He's still mad, isn't he?
She's still mad, isn't she?
He's there now, isn't he?
She's there now, isn't she?
He's tone deaf, isn't he?
She's tone deaf, isn't she?
He's unmarried, isn't he?
She's unmarried, isn't she?
He's very busy, isn't he?
She's very busy, isn't she?
He's very lazy, isn't he?
She's very lazy, isn't she?
He's very sick, isn't he?
She's very sick, isn't she?
He's your boss, isn't he?
She's your boss, isn't she?
He's out there, isn't he?
She's out there, isn't she?
He's in trouble, isn't he?
She's in trouble, isn't she?
He's optimistic, isn't he?
She's optimistic, isn't she?
He's very young, isn't he?
She's very young, isn't she?
He's unsociable, isn't he?
She's unsociable, isn't she?
He's unpleasant, isn't he?
She's unpleasant, isn't she?
He's unfriendly, isn't he?
She's unfriendly, isn't she?
He's your uncle, isn't he?
She's your aunt, isn't she?
He's quite ugly, isn't he?
She's quite ugly, isn't she?
He's quite thin, isn't he?
She's quite thin, isn't she?
He's very tense, isn't he?
She's very tense, isn't she?
He's successful, isn't he?
She's successful, isn't she?
He's very smart, isn't he?
She's very smart, isn't she?
He's really shy, isn't he?
She's really shy, isn't she?
He's rather shy, isn't he?
She's rather shy, isn't she?
He's pretty shy, isn't he?
She's pretty shy, isn't she?
He's very sharp, isn't he?
She's very sharp, isn't she?
He's quite rude, isn't he?
She's quite rude, isn't she?
He's being rude, isn't he?
She's being rude, isn't she?
He's quite rich, isn't he?
She's quite rich, isn't she?
He's prejudiced, isn't he?
She's prejudiced, isn't she?
He's possessive, isn't he?
She's possessive, isn't she?
He's photogenic, isn't he?
She's photogenic, isn't she?
He's persuasive, isn't he?
She's persuasive, isn't she?
He's persistent, isn't he?
She's persistent, isn't she?
He's passionate, isn't he?
She's passionate, isn't she?
He's overweight, isn't he?
She's overweight, isn't she?
He's really old, isn't he?
She's really old, isn't she?
He's pretty old, isn't he?
She's pretty old, isn't she?
He's fairly old, isn't he?
She's fairly old, isn't she?
He's very naive, isn't he?
She's very naive, isn't she?
He's very funny, isn't he?
She's very funny, isn't she?
He's diplomatic, isn't he?
She's diplomatic, isn't she?
He's determined, isn't he?
She's determined, isn't she?
He's dependable, isn't he?
She's dependable, isn't she?
He's courageous, isn't he?
She's courageous, isn't she?
He's compulsive, isn't he?
She's compulsive, isn't she?
He's very angry, isn't he?
She's very angry, isn't she?
He's aggressive, isn't he?
She's aggressive, isn't she?
He's productive, isn't he?
She's productive, isn't she?
He's unassuming, isn't he?
She's unassuming, isn't she?
He's a Canadian, isn't he?
She's a Canadian, isn't she?
He's having fun, isn't he?
She's having fun, isn't she?
He's a beginner, isn't he?
She's a beginner, isn't she?
He's a freshman, isn't he?
She's a freshman, isn't she?
He's a good kid, isn't he?
She's a good kid, isn't she?
He's a lazy kid, isn't he?
She's a lazy kid, isn't she?
He's a musician, isn't he?
She's a musician, isn't she?
He's a nice kid, isn't he?
She's a nice kid, isn't she?
He's a teenager, isn't he?
She's a teenager, isn't she?
He's already up, isn't he?
She's already up, isn't she?
He's an amateur, isn't he?
She's an amateur, isn't she?
He's an atheist, isn't he?
She's an atheist, isn't she?
He's an athlete, isn't he?
She's an athlete, isn't she?
He's asleep now, isn't he?
She's asleep now, isn't she?
He's at the gym, isn't he?
She's at the gym, isn't she?
He's back again, isn't he?
She's back again, isn't she?
He's back early, isn't he?
She's back early, isn't she?
He's big-headed, isn't he?
She's big-headed, isn't she?
He's busy again, isn't he?
She's busy again, isn't she?
He's busy today, isn't he?
She's busy today, isn't she?
He's doing fine, isn't he?
She's doing fine, isn't she?
He's doing that, isn't he?
She's doing that, isn't she?
He's doing well, isn't he?
She's doing well, isn't she?
He's downstairs, isn't he?
She's downstairs, isn't she?
He's eating now, isn't he?
She's eating now, isn't she?
He's fairly shy, isn't he?
She's fairly shy, isn't she?
He's frightened, isn't he?
She's frightened, isn't she?
He's going deaf, isn't he?
She's going deaf, isn't she?
He's happy here, isn't he?
She's happy here, isn't she?
He's illiterate, isn't he?
She's illiterate, isn't she?
He's in a hurry, isn't he?
She's in a hurry, isn't she?
He's in college, isn't he?
She's in college, isn't she?
He's quite busy, isn't he?
She's quite busy, isn't she?
He's quite late, isn't he?
She's quite late, isn't she?
He's quite lazy, isn't he?
She's quite lazy, isn't she?
He's quite mean, isn't he?
She's quite mean, isn't she?
He's really mad, isn't he?
She's really mad, isn't she?
He's still busy, isn't he?
She's still busy, isn't she?
He's still here, isn't he?
She's still here, isn't she?
He's still sick, isn't he?
She's still sick, isn't she?
He's very bossy, isn't he?
She's very bossy, isn't she?
He's very brave, isn't he?
She's very brave, isn't she?
He's very crazy, isn't he?
She's very crazy, isn't she?
He's very lucky, isn't he?
She's very lucky, isn't she?
He's very messy, isn't he?
She's very messy, isn't she?
He's very noisy, isn't he?
She's very noisy, isn't she?
He's very picky, isn't he?
She's very picky, isn't she?
He's very quiet, isn't he?
She's very quiet, isn't she?
He's very tough, isn't he?
She's very tough, isn't she?
He's very upset, isn't he?
She's very upset, isn't she?
He's really busy, isn't he?
She's really busy, isn't she?
He's from Boston, isn't he?
She's from Boston, isn't she?
He's being vague, isn't he?
She's being vague, isn't she?
He's very untidy, isn't he?
She's very untidy, isn't she?
He's pretty ugly, isn't he?
She's pretty ugly, isn't she?
He's trustworthy, isn't he?
She's trustworthy, isn't she?
He's very touchy, isn't he?
She's very touchy, isn't she?
He's quite timid, isn't he?
She's quite timid, isn't she?
He's still there, isn't he?
She's still there, isn't she?
He's sympathetic, isn't he?
She's sympathetic, isn't she?
He's very strong, isn't he?
She's very strong, isn't she?
He's spontaneous, isn't he?
She's spontaneous, isn't she?
He's quite smart, isn't he?
She's quite smart, isn't she?
He's very skinny, isn't he?
She's very skinny, isn't she?
He's being silly, isn't he?
She's being silly, isn't she?
He's quite short, isn't he?
She's quite short, isn't she?
He's quite sharp, isn't he?
She's quite sharp, isn't she?
He's really rich, isn't he?
She's really rich, isn't she?
He's pretty rich, isn't he?
She's pretty rich, isn't she?
He's responsible, isn't he?
She's responsible, isn't she?
He's pessimistic, isn't he?
She's pessimistic, isn't she?
He's open-minded, isn't he?
She's open-minded, isn't she?
He's kind of old, isn't he?
She's kind of old, isn't she?
He's quite naive, isn't he?
She's quite naive, isn't she?
He's angry at me, isn't he?
She's angry at me, isn't she?
He's interfering, isn't he?
She's interfering, isn't she?
He's interesting, isn't he?
She's interesting, isn't she?
He's incompetent, isn't he?
She's incompetent, isn't she?
He's coming here, isn't he?
She's coming here, isn't she?
He's very greedy, isn't he?
She's very greedy, isn't she?
He's your friend, isn't he?
She's your friend, isn't she?
He's really fast, isn't he?
She's really fast, isn't she?
He's extroverted, isn't he?
She's extroverted, isn't she?
He's quite crazy, isn't he?
She's quite crazy, isn't she?
He's your cousin, isn't he?
She's your cousin, isn't she?
He's really cool, isn't he?
She's really cool, isn't she?
He's considerate, isn't he?
She's considerate, isn't she?
He's competitive, isn't he?
She's competitive, isn't she?
He's quite bossy, isn't he?
She's quite bossy, isn't she?
He's quite angry, isn't he?
She's quite angry, isn't she?
He's still alive, isn't he?
She's still alive, isn't she?
He's almost done, isn't he?
She's almost done, isn't she?
He's a bit crazy, isn't he?
She's a bit crazy, isn't she?
He's a bit drunk, isn't he?
She's a bit drunk, isn't she?
He's a geologist, isn't he?
She's a geologist, isn't she?
He's a good cook, isn't he?
She's a good cook, isn't she?
He's your nephew, isn't he?
She's your neice, isn't she?
He's your brother, isn't he?
She's your sister, isn't she?
He's very handsome, isn't he?
She's very beautiful, isn't she?
He's a good father, isn't he?
She's a good mother, isn't she?
He's a guitarist, isn't he?
She's a guitarist, isn't she?
He's a nonsmoker, isn't he?
She's a nonsmoker, isn't she?
He's a paramedic, isn't he?
She's a paramedic, isn't she?
He's a scientist, isn't he?
She's a scientist, isn't she?
He's a smart kid, isn't he?
She's a smart kid, isn't she?
He's a sophomore, isn't he?
She's a sophomore, isn't she?
He's a therapist, isn't he?
She's a therapist, isn't she?
He's almost deaf, isn't he?
She's almost deaf, isn't she?
He's always busy, isn't he?
She's always busy, isn't she?
He's always here, isn't he?
She's always here, isn't she?
He's always late, isn't he?
She's always late, isn't she?
He's an engineer, isn't he?
She's an engineer, isn't she?
He's an optimist, isn't he?
She's an optimist, isn't she?
He's at home now, isn't he?
She's at home now, isn't she?
He's avoiding me, isn't he?
She's avoiding me, isn't she?
He's behind this, isn't he?
She's behind this, isn't she?
He's charismatic, isn't he?
She's charismatic, isn't she?
He's chewing gum, isn't he?
She's chewing gum, isn't she?
He's coming back, isn't he?
She's coming back, isn't she?
He's coming home, isn't he?
She's coming home, isn't she?
He's coming over, isn't he?
She's coming over, isn't she?
He's coming soon, isn't he?
She's coming soon, isn't she?
He's coming, too, isn't he?
She's coming, too, isn't she?
He's cooking now, isn't he?
She's cooking now, isn't she?
He's cooperating, isn't he?
She's cooperating, isn't she?
He's crying, too, isn't he?
She's crying, too, isn't she?
He's discouraged, isn't he?
She's discouraged, isn't she?
He's doing great, isn't he?
She's doing great, isn't she?
He's drunk again, isn't he?
She's drunk again, isn't she?
He's fixing that, isn't he?
She's fixing that, isn't she?
He's getting fat, isn't he?
She's getting fat, isn't she?
He's going be OK, isn't he?
She's going be OK, isn't she?
He's going blind, isn't he?
She's going blind, isn't she?
He's happier now, isn't he?
She's happier now, isn't she?
He's hardworking, isn't he?
She's hardworking, isn't she?
He's heartbroken, isn't he?
She's heartbroken, isn't she?
He's hungry, too, isn't he?
She's hungry, too, isn't she?
He's ignoring me, isn't he?
She's ignoring me, isn't she?
He's in jail now, isn't he?
She's in jail now, isn't she?
He's in the room, isn't he?
She's in the room, isn't she?
He's independent, isn't he?
She's independent, isn't she?
He's influential, isn't he?
She's influential, isn't she?
He's intelligent, isn't he?
She's intelligent, isn't she?
He's intoxicated, isn't he?
She's intoxicated, isn't she?
He's kind of fat, isn't he?
She's kind of fat, isn't she?
He's kind of shy, isn't he?
She's kind of shy, isn't she?
He's left-handed, isn't he?
She's left-handed, isn't she?
He's lying again, isn't he?
She's lying again, isn't she?
He's married now, isn't he?
She's married now, isn't she?
He's moving away, isn't he?
She's moving away, isn't she?
He's new in town, isn't he?
She's new in town, isn't she?
He's now in jail, isn't he?
She's now in jail, isn't she?
He's now married, isn't he?
She's now married, isn't she?
He's now on duty, isn't he?
She's now on duty, isn't she?
He's now retired, isn't he?
She's now retired, isn't she?
He's often wrong, isn't he?
She's often wrong, isn't she?
He's on duty now, isn't he?
She's on duty now, isn't she?
He's on our side, isn't he?
She's on our side, isn't she?
He's on the list, isn't he?
She's on the list, isn't she?
He's on the roof, isn't he?
She's on the roof, isn't she?
He's on vacation, isn't he?
She's on vacation, isn't she?
He's out of town, isn't he?
She's out of town, isn't she?
He's over thirty, isn't he?
She's over thirty, isn't she?
He's pretty busy, isn't he?
She's pretty busy, isn't she?
He's pretty sick, isn't he?
She's pretty sick, isn't she?
He's pretty tall, isn't he?
She's pretty tall, isn't she?
He's quite brave, isn't he?
She's quite brave, isn't she?
He's quite drunk, isn't he?
She's quite drunk, isn't she?
He's quite fussy, isn't he?
She's quite fussy, isn't she?
He's quite lucky, isn't he?
She's quite lucky, isn't she?
He's quite picky, isn't he?
She's quite picky, isn't she?
He's quite young, isn't he?
She's quite young, isn't she?
He's ready to go, isn't he?
She's ready to go, isn't she?
He's really late, isn't he?
She's really late, isn't she?
He's really mean, isn't he?
She's really mean, isn't she?
He's really sick, isn't he?
She's really sick, isn't she?
He's resting now, isn't he?
She's resting now, isn't she?
He's retired now, isn't he?
She's retired now, isn't she?
He's showing off, isn't he?
She's showing off, isn't she?
He's sick in bed, isn't he?
She's sick in bed, isn't she?
He's soft-spoken, isn't he?
She's soft-spoken, isn't she?
He's still angry, isn't he?
She's still angry, isn't she?
He's still awake, isn't he?
She's still awake, isn't she?
He's thickheaded, isn't he?
She's thickheaded, isn't she?
He's trying hard, isn't he?
She's trying hard, isn't she?
He's very active, isn't he?
She's very active, isn't she?
He's very bright, isn't he?
She's very bright, isn't she?
He's very clever, isn't he?
She's very clever, isn't she?
He's very clumsy, isn't he?
She's very clumsy, isn't she?
He's very hungry, isn't he?
She's very hungry, isn't she?
He's very scared, isn't he?
She's very scared, isn't she?
He's very sleepy, isn't he?
She's very sleepy, isn't she?
He's very sneaky, isn't he?
She's very sneaky, isn't she?
He's very stingy, isn't he?
She's very stingy, isn't she?
He's very strict, isn't he?
She's very strict, isn't she?
He's very stupid, isn't he?
She's very stupid, isn't she?
He's watching TV, isn't he?
She's watching TV, isn't she?
He's wearing red, isn't he?
She's wearing red, isn't she?
He's working now, isn't he?
She's working now, isn't she?
He's in the park, isn't he?
She's in the park, isn't she?
He's still upset, isn't he?
She's still upset, isn't she?
He's eating cake, isn't he?
She's eating cake, isn't she?
He's contributing, isn't he?
She's contributing, isn't she?
He's angry at you, isn't he?
She's angry at you, isn't she?
He's unprejudiced, isn't he?
She's unprejudiced, isn't she?
He's very unlucky, isn't he?
She's very unlucky, isn't she?
He's very unhappy, isn't he?
She's very unhappy, isn't she?
He's being unfair, isn't he?
She's being unfair, isn't she?
He's really tough, isn't he?
She's really tough, isn't she?
He's grumpy today, isn't he?
She's grumpy today, isn't she?
He's quite strong, isn't he?
She's quite strong, isn't she?
He's quite sneaky, isn't he?
She's quite sneaky, isn't she?
He's really smart, isn't he?
He's pretty smart, isn't he?
She's pretty smart, isn't she?
He's still single, isn't he?
She's still single, isn't she?
He's really sharp, isn't he?
She's really sharp, isn't she?
He's very selfish, isn't he?
She's very selfish, isn't she?
He's very popular, isn't he?
She's very popular, isn't she?
He's very patient, isn't he?
She's very patient, isn't she?
He's swimming now, isn't he?
She's swimming now, isn't she?
He's studying now, isn't he?
She's studying now, isn't she?
He's very nervous, isn't he?
She's very nervous, isn't she?
He's really naive, isn't he?
She's really naive, isn't she?
He's still hungry, isn't he?
She's still hungry, isn't she?
He's very helpful, isn't he?
She's very helpful, isn't she?
He's really happy, isn't he?
She's really happy, isn't she?
He's quite greedy, isn't he?
She's quite greedy, isn't she?
He's good-looking, isn't he?
She's good-looking, isn't she?
He's a lot of fun, isn't he?
She's a lot of fun, isn't she?
He's quite famous, isn't he?
She's quite famous, isn't she?
He's enthusiastic, isn't he?
She's enthusiastic, isn't she?
He's conservative, isn't he?
She's conservative, isn't she?
He's very careful, isn't he?
She's very careful, isn't she?
He's quite boring, isn't he?
She's quite boring, isn't she?
He's still asleep, isn't he?
She's still asleep, isn't she?
He's really angry, isn't he?
She's really angry, isn't she?
He's going to die, isn't he?
She's going to die, isn't she?
He's with someone, isn't he?
She's with someone, isn't she?
He's a bad driver, isn't he?
She's a bad driver, isn't she?
He's a bright kid, isn't he?
She's a bright kid, isn't she?
He's a clever kid, isn't he?
She's a clever kid, isn't she?
He's a doctor now, isn't he?
She's a doctor now, isn't she?
He's a fast eater, isn't he?
She's a fast eater, isn't she?
He's a good skier, isn't he?
She's a good skier, isn't she?
He's a little odd, isn't he?
She's a little odd, isn't she?
He's a lot better, isn't he?
She's a lot better, isn't she?
He's a pharmacist, isn't he?
She's a pharmacist, isn't she?
He's a slow eater, isn't he?
She's a slow eater, isn't she?
He's a songwriter, isn't he?
She's a songwriter, isn't she?
He's a sore loser, isn't he?
She's a sore loser, isn't she?
He's a strong kid, isn't he?
She's a strong kid, isn't she?
He's a vegetarian, isn't he?
She's a vegetarian, isn't she?
He's about my age, isn't he?
She's about my age, isn't she?
He's about thirty, isn't he?
She's about thirty, isn't she?
He's about to cry, isn't he?
She's about to cry, isn't she?
He's afraid of me, isn't he?
She's afraid of me, isn't she?
He's afraid of us, isn't he?
She's afraid of us, isn't she?
He's almost broke, isn't he?
She's almost broke, isn't she?
He's almost ready, isn't he?
She's almost ready, isn't she?
He's already back, isn't he?
She's already back, isn't she?
He's already here, isn't he?
She's already here, isn't she?
He's already home, isn't he?
She's already home, isn't she?
He's always broke, isn't he?
She's always broke, isn't she?
He's always early, isn't he?
She's always early, isn't she?
He's ambidextrous, isn't he?
She's ambidextrous, isn't she?
He's an adult now, isn't he?
She's an adult now, isn't she?
He's an alcoholic, isn't he?
She's an alcoholic, isn't she?
He's an architect, isn't he?
She's an architect, isn't she?
He's at the beach, isn't he?
She's at the beach, isn't she?
He's awfully sick, isn't he?
She's awfully sick, isn't she?
He's back in jail, isn't he?
She's back in jail, isn't she?
He's back in town, isn't he?
She's back in town, isn't she?
He's coming today, isn't he?
She's coming today, isn't she?
He's crying again, isn't he?
She's crying again, isn't she?
He's dead serious, isn't he?
She's dead serious, isn't she?
He's disorganized, isn't he?
She's disorganized, isn't she?
He's doing better, isn't he?
She's doing better, isn't she?
He's drinking tea, isn't he?
She's drinking tea, isn't she?
He's eating lunch, isn't he?
She's eating lunch, isn't she?
He's exaggerating, isn't he?
She's exaggerating, isn't she?
He's following us, isn't he?
She's following us, isn't she?
He's getting help, isn't he?
She's getting help, isn't she?
He's going to cry, isn't he?
She's going to cry, isn't she?
He's going to win, isn't he?
She's going to win, isn't she?
He's good at golf, isn't he?
She's good at golf, isn't she?
He's good at math, isn't he?
She's good at math, isn't she?
He's good at that, isn't he?
She's good at that, isn't she?
He's good at this, isn't he?
She's good at this, isn't she?
He's here to help, isn't he?
She's here to help, isn't she?
He's here to stay, isn't he?
She's here to stay, isn't she?
He's hungry again, isn't he?
She's hungry again, isn't she?
He's in Australia, isn't he?
She's in Australia, isn't she?
He's in a meeting, isn't he?
She's in a meeting, isn't she?
He's in bad shape, isn't he?
She's in bad shape, isn't she?
He's in the attic, isn't he?
She's in the attic, isn't she?
He's invited, too, isn't he?
She's invited, too, isn't she?
He's kind of busy, isn't he?
She's kind of busy, isn't she?
He's kind of late, isn't he?
She's kind of late, isn't she?
He's kind of lazy, isn't he?
She's kind of lazy, isn't she?
He's leaving soon, isn't he?
She's leaving soon, isn't she?
He's living alone, isn't he?
She's living alone, isn't she?
He's making lunch, isn't he?
She's making lunch, isn't she?
He's overreacting, isn't he?
She's overreacting, isn't she?
He's partly right, isn't he?
She's partly right, isn't she?
He's playing golf, isn't he?
She's playing golf, isn't she?
He's pretty happy, isn't he?
She's pretty happy, isn't she?
He's pretty sharp, isn't he?
She's pretty sharp, isn't she?
He's pretty upset, isn't he?
She's pretty upset, isn't she?
He's pretty weird, isn't he?
She's pretty weird, isn't she?
He's quite limber, isn't he?
She's quite limber, isn't she?
He's really drunk, isn't he?
She's really drunk, isn't she?
He's really funny, isn't he?
She's really funny, isn't she?
He's really lucky, isn't he?
She's really lucky, isn't she?
He's really upset, isn't he?
She's really upset, isn't she?
He's really weird, isn't he?
She's really weird, isn't she?
He's right-handed, isn't he?
She's right-handed, isn't she?
He's safe for now, isn't he?
She's safe for now, isn't she?
He's sleeping now, isn't he?
She's sleeping now, isn't she?
He's still afraid, isn't he?
She's still afraid, isn't she?
He's still around, isn't he?
She's still around, isn't she?
He's still crying, isn't he?
She's still crying, isn't she?
He's still eating, isn't he?
She's still eating, isn't she?
He's still inside, isn't he?
She's still inside, isn't she?
He's still scared, isn't he?
She's still scared, isn't she?
He's taking a nap, isn't he?
She's taking a nap, isn't she?
He's the youngest, isn't he?
She's the youngest, isn't she?
He's used to that, isn't he?
She's used to that, isn't she?
He's very bashful, isn't he?
She's very bashful, isn't she?
He's very excited, isn't he?
She's very excited, isn't she?
He's very strange, isn't he?
She's very strange, isn't she?
He's very worried, isn't he?
She's very worried, isn't she?
He's wasting time, isn't he?
She's wasting time, isn't she?
He's wearing blue, isn't he?
She's wearing blue, isn't she?
He's with friends, isn't he?
She's with friends, isn't she?
He's working hard, isn't he?
She's working hard, isn't she?
He's worried, too, isn't he?
She's worried, too, isn't she?
He's fairly young, isn't he?
She's fairly young, isn't she?
He's concentrating, isn't he?
She's concentrating, isn't she?
He's unpredictable, isn't he?
She's unpredictable, isn't she?
He's very thorough, isn't he?
She's very thorough, isn't she?
He's temperamental, isn't he?
She's temperamental, isn't she?
He's very talented, isn't he?
She's very talented, isn't she?
He's very stubborn, isn't he?
She's very stubborn, isn't she?
He's really strong, isn't he?
She's really strong, isn't she?
He's very spirited, isn't he?
She's very spirited, isn't she?
He's really skinny, isn't he?
She's really skinny, isn't she?
He's extremely shy, isn't he?
She's extremely shy, isn't she?
He's very reckless, isn't he?
She's very reckless, isn't she?
He's getting ready, isn't he?
She's getting ready, isn't she?
He's quite popular, isn't he?
She's quite popular, isn't she?
He's quite patient, isn't he?
She's quite patient, isn't she?
He's very outgoing, isn't he?
She's very outgoing, isn't she?
He's very obedient, isn't he?
She's very obedient, isn't she?
He's very busy now, isn't he?
She's very busy now, isn't she?
He's in Boston now, isn't he?
She's in Boston now, isn't she?
He's quite nervous, isn't he?
She's quite nervous, isn't she?
He's narrow-minded, isn't he?
She's narrow-minded, isn't she?
He's quite liberal, isn't he?
She's quite liberal, isn't she?
He's really hungry, isn't he?
She's really hungry, isn't she?
He's very generous, isn't he?
She's very generous, isn't she?
He's very friendly, isn't he?
She's very friendly, isn't she?
He's being foolish, isn't he?
She's being foolish, isn't she?
He's very decisive, isn't he?
She's very decisive, isn't she?
He's quite cynical, isn't he?
She's quite cynical, isn't she?
He's very creative, isn't he?
She's very creative, isn't she?
He's conscientious, isn't he?
She's conscientious, isn't she?
He's in your class, isn't he?
She's in your class, isn't she?
He's very careless, isn't he?
She's very careless, isn't she?
He's quite careful, isn't he?
She's quite careful, isn't she?
He's very arrogant, isn't he?
She's very arrogant, isn't she?
He's quite anxious, isn't he?
She's quite anxious, isn't she?
He's very annoying, isn't he?
She's very annoying, isn't she?
He's unintelligent, isn't he?
She's unintelligent, isn't she?
He's a good singer, isn't he?
She's a good singer, isn't she?
He's kind of weird, isn't he?
She's kind of weird, isn't she?
He's with somebody, isn't he?
She's with somebody, isn't she?
He's a bass player, isn't he?
She's a bass player, isn't she?
He's a bit jealous, isn't he?
She's a bit jealous, isn't she?
He's a bit strange, isn't he?
She's a bit strange, isn't she?
He's a busy person, isn't he?
She's a busy person, isn't she?
He's a dog trainer, isn't he?
She's a dog trainer, isn't she?
He's a fast runner, isn't he?
She's a fast runner, isn't she?
He's a fast walker, isn't he?
She's a fast walker, isn't she?
He's a fussy eater, isn't he?
She's a fussy eater, isn't she?
He's a good dancer, isn't he?
She's a good dancer, isn't she?
He's a good driver, isn't he?
She's a good driver, isn't she?
He's a good person, isn't he?
She's a good person, isn't she?
He's a good skater, isn't he?
She's a good skater, isn't she?
He's a good worker, isn't he?
She's a good worker, isn't she?
He's a gym teacher, isn't he?
She's a gym teacher, isn't she?
He's a hard worker, isn't he?
She's a hard worker, isn't she?
He's a law student, isn't he?
She's a law student, isn't she?
He's a little nuts, isn't he?
She's a little nuts, isn't she?
He's a nice person, isn't he?
She's a nice person, isn't she?
He's a picky eater, isn't he?
She's a picky eater, isn't she?
He's a safe driver, isn't he?
She's a safe driver, isn't she?
He's a slow walker, isn't he?
She's a slow walker, isn't she?
He's a strange kid, isn't he?
She's a strange kid, isn't she?
He's a student too, isn't he?
She's a student too, isn't she?
He's a teacher now, isn't he?
She's a teacher now, isn't she?
He's able to skate, isn't he?
She's able to skate, isn't she?
He's about my size, isn't he?
She's about my size, isn't she?
He's afraid of you, isn't he?
She's afraid of you, isn't she?
He's all right now, isn't he?
She's all right now, isn't she?
He's almost asleep, isn't he?
She's almost asleep, isn't she?
He's almost thirty, isn't he?
She's almost thirty, isn't she?
He's already drunk, isn't he?
She's already drunk, isn't she?
He's already there, isn't he?
She's already there, isn't she?
He's always around, isn't he?
She's always around, isn't she?
He's always polite, isn't he?
She's always polite, isn't she?
He's an accountant, isn't he?
She's an accountant, isn't she?
He's an art critic, isn't he?
She's an art critic, isn't she?
He's an art dealer, isn't he?
She's an art dealer, isn't she?
He's an only child, isn't he?
She's an only child, isn't she?
He's angry with me, isn't he?
She's angry with me, isn't she?
He's as tall as me, isn't he?
She's as tall as me, isn't she?
He's at church now, isn't he?
She's at church now, isn't she?
He's at home today, isn't he?
She's at home today, isn't she?
He's at school now, isn't he?
She's at school now, isn't she?
He's aware of that, isn't he?
She's aware of that, isn't she?
He's bad at sports, isn't he?
She's bad at sports, isn't she?
He's baking a cake, isn't he?
She's baking a cake, isn't she?
He's being careful, isn't he?
She's being careful, isn't she?
He's being evasive, isn't he?
She's being evasive, isn't she?
He's desperate now, isn't he?
She's desperate now, isn't she?
He's different now, isn't he?
She's different now, isn't she?
He's drinking milk, isn't he?
She's drinking milk, isn't she?
Mother never confused us.
He's your boyfriend, isn't he?
She's your girlfriend, isn't she?
He's enjoying this, isn't he?
She's enjoying this, isn't she?
He's expecting you, isn't he?
She's expecting you, isn't she?
He's fishing today, isn't he?
She's fishing today, isn't she?
He's getting angry, isn't he?
She's getting angry, isn't she?
He's getting bored, isn't he?
She's getting bored, isn't she?
He's getting worse, isn't he?
She's getting worse, isn't she?
He's going to fail, isn't he?
She's going to fail, isn't she?
He's going to lose, isn't he?
She's going to lose, isn't she?
He's going to pass, isn't he?
She's going to pass, isn't she?
He's going to quit, isn't he?
She's going to quit, isn't she?
He's going to sing, isn't he?
She's going to sing, isn't she?
He's going to stay, isn't he?
She's going to stay, isn't she?
He's going to wait, isn't he?
She's going to wait, isn't she?
He's good at chess, isn't he?
She's good at chess, isn't she?
He's grouchy today, isn't he?
She's grouchy today, isn't she?
He's happy with it, isn't he?
She's happy with it, isn't she?
He's hard to reach, isn't he?
She's hard to reach, isn't she?
He's in a bad mood, isn't he?
She's in a bad mood, isn't she?
He's in charge now, isn't he?
She's in charge now, isn't she?
He's in good shape, isn't he?
She's in good shape, isn't she?
He's in prison now, isn't he?
She's in prison now, isn't she?
He's in the garage, isn't he?
She's in the garage, isn't she?
He's in the garden, isn't he?
She's in the garden, isn't she?
He's in the shower, isn't he?
She's in the shower, isn't she?
He's irreplaceable, isn't he?
She's irreplaceable, isn't she?
He's jealous of me, isn't he?
She's jealous of me, isn't she?
He's just stalling, isn't he?
She's just stalling, isn't she?
He's kind of needy, isn't he?
She's kind of needy, isn't she?
He's legally blind, isn't he?
She's legally blind, isn't she?
He's likely to cry, isn't he?
She's likely to cry, isn't she?
He's likely to win, isn't he?
She's likely to win, isn't she?
He's listening now, isn't he?
She's listening now, isn't she?
He's looking at it, isn't he?
She's looking at it, isn't she?
He's looking at me, isn't he?
She's looking at me, isn't she?
He's looking at us, isn't he?
She's looking at us, isn't she?
He's making a list, isn't he?
She's making a list, isn't she?
He's making coffee, isn't he?
She's making coffee, isn't she?
He's making dinner, isn't he?
She's making dinner, isn't she?
He's now a teacher, isn't he?
She's now a teacher, isn't she?
He's now in Boston, isn't he?
She's now in Boston, isn't she?
He's now in prison, isn't he?
She's now in prison, isn't she?
He's older than me, isn't he?
She's older than me, isn't she?
He's on duty today, isn't he?
She's on duty today, isn't she?
He's on this plane, isn't he?
She's on this plane, isn't she?
He's on this train, isn't he?
She's on this train, isn't she?
He's only bluffing, isn't he?
She's only bluffing, isn't she?
He's out of prison, isn't he?
She's out of prison, isn't she?
He's out to get me, isn't he?
She's out to get me, isn't she?
He's overconfident, isn't he?
She's overconfident, isn't she?
He's pretty crafty, isn't he?
She's pretty crafty, isn't she?
He's pretty scared, isn't he?
She's pretty scared, isn't she?
He's quite selfish, isn't he?
She's quite selfish, isn't she?
He's ready to help, isn't he?
She's ready to help, isn't she?
He's really afraid, isn't he?
She's really afraid, isn't she?
He's really clever, isn't he?
She's really clever, isn't she?
He's really greedy, isn't he?
She's really greedy, isn't she?
He's really scared, isn't he?
She's really scared, isn't she?
He's relying on us, isn't he?
She's relying on us, isn't she?
He's scared of you, isn't he?
She's scared of you, isn't she?
He's staring at me, isn't he?
She's staring at me, isn't she?
He's staring at us, isn't he?
She's staring at us, isn't she?
He's still a minor, isn't he?
She's still a minor, isn't she?
He's still at home, isn't he?
She's still at home, isn't she?
He's still at work, isn't he?
She's still at work, isn't she?
He's still in jail, isn't he?
She's still in jail, isn't she?
He's still married, isn't he?
She's still married, isn't she?
He's still nervous, isn't he?
She's still nervous, isn't she?
He's still on duty, isn't he?
She's still on duty, isn't she?
He's still outside, isn't he?
She's still outside, isn't she?
He's still unhappy, isn't he?
She's still unhappy, isn't she?
He's still waiting, isn't he?
She's still waiting, isn't she?
He's still working, isn't he?
She's still working, isn't she?
He's still worried, isn't he?
She's still worried, isn't she?
He's studying hard, isn't he?
She's studying hard, isn't she?
He's taking a bath, isn't he?
She's taking a bath, isn't she?
He's under the bed, isn't he?
She's under the bed, isn't she?
He's usually right, isn't he?
She's usually right, isn't she?
He's very artistic, isn't he?
She's very artistic, isn't she?
He's very gullible, isn't he?
She's very gullible, isn't she?
He's wearing a hat, isn't he?
She's wearing a hat, isn't she?
He's wearing a wig, isn't he?
She's wearing a wig, isn't she?
He's willing to go, isn't he?
She's willing to go, isn't she?
He's really stupid, isn't he?
She's really stupid, isn't she?
He's a chiropractor, isn't he?
She's a chiropractor, isn't she?
He's really unlucky, isn't he?
She's really unlucky, isn't she?
He's really unhappy, isn't he?
She's really unhappy, isn't she?
He's pretty unhappy, isn't he?
She's pretty unhappy, isn't she?
He's being truthful, isn't he?
She's being truthful, isn't she?
He's a troublemaker, isn't he?
She's a troublemaker, isn't she?
He's good at tennis, isn't he?
She's good at tennis, isn't she?
He's a good teacher, isn't he?
She's a good teacher, isn't she?
He's very talkative, isn't he?
She's very talkative, isn't she?
He's quite talented, isn't he?
She's quite talented, isn't she?
He's still swimming, isn't he?
She's still swimming, isn't she?
He's a good student, isn't he?
She's a good student, isn't she?
He's quite stubborn, isn't he?
She's quite stubborn, isn't she?
He's quite sociable, isn't he?
She's quite sociable, isn't she?
He's really serious, isn't he?
She's really serious, isn't she?
He's being sensible, isn't he?
She's being sensible, isn't she?
He's very sarcastic, isn't he?
She's very sarcastic, isn't she?
He's quite reserved, isn't he?
She's quite reserved, isn't she?
He's being reckless, isn't he?
She's being reckless, isn't she?
He's quick-tempered, isn't he?
She's quick-tempered, isn't she?
He's very practical, isn't he?
She's very practical, isn't she?
He's really popular, isn't he?
She's really popular, isn't she?
He's really patient, isn't he?
She's really patient, isn't she?
He's very outspoken, isn't he?
She's very outspoken, isn't she?
He's going to be OK, isn't he?
She's going to be OK, isn't she?
He's very observant, isn't he?
She's very observant, isn't she?
He's really nervous, isn't he?
She's really nervous, isn't she?
He's pretty nervous, isn't he?
She's pretty nervous, isn't she?
He's really jealous, isn't he?
She's really jealous, isn't she?
He's very impatient, isn't he?
She's very impatient, isn't she?
He's quite gullible, isn't he?
She's quite gullible, isn't she?
He's good at French, isn't he?
She's good at French, isn't she?
He's very forgetful, isn't he?
She's very forgetful, isn't she?
He's kind of famous, isn't he?
She's kind of famous, isn't she?
He's very energetic, isn't he?
She's very energetic, isn't she?
He's quite eloquent, isn't he?
She's quite eloquent, isn't she?
He's very efficient, isn't he?
She's very efficient, isn't she?
He's very dedicated, isn't he?
She's very dedicated, isn't she?
He's quite creative, isn't he?
She's quite creative, isn't she?
He's very confident, isn't he?
She's very confident, isn't she?
He's very conceited, isn't he?
She's very conceited, isn't she?
He's quite careless, isn't he?
She's quite careless, isn't she?
He's very ambitious, isn't he?
She's very ambitious, isn't she?
He's unenthusiastic, isn't he?
She's unenthusiastic, isn't she?
He's feeling better, isn't he?
She's feeling better, isn't she?
He's from Australia, isn't he?
She's from Australia, isn't she?
He's going with you, isn't he?
She's going with you, isn't she?
He's a little weird, isn't he?
She's a little weird, isn't she?
He's dating someone, isn't he?
She's dating someone, isn't she?
He's good with kids, isn't he?
She's good with kids, isn't she?
He's hard to please, isn't he?
She's hard to please, isn't she?
He's a bit confused, isn't he?
She's a bit confused, isn't she?
He's a bit snobbish, isn't he?
She's a bit snobbish, isn't she?
He's a fast swimmer, isn't he?
She's a fast swimmer, isn't she?
He's a friendly kid, isn't he?
She's a friendly kid, isn't she?
He's a fussy person, isn't he?
She's a fussy person, isn't she?
He's a good bassist, isn't he?
She's a good bassist, isn't she?
He's a good drummer, isn't he?
She's a good drummer, isn't she?
He's a good manager, isn't he?
She's a good manager, isn't she?
He's a good painter, isn't he?
She's a good painter, isn't she?
He's a good swimmer, isn't he?
She's a good swimmer, isn't she?
He's a heavy smoker, isn't he?
She's a heavy smoker, isn't she?
He's a little drunk, isn't he?
She's a little drunk, isn't she?
He's a little early, isn't he?
She's a little early, isn't she?
He's a messy person, isn't he?
She's a messy person, isn't she?
He's a professional, isn't he?
She's a professional, isn't she?
He's a psychiatrist, isn't he?
She's a psychiatrist, isn't she?
He's a psychologist, isn't he?
She's a psychologist, isn't she?
He's a quiet person, isn't he?
She's a quiet person, isn't she?
He's a slow learner, isn't he?
She's a slow learner, isn't she?
He's a smart person, isn't he?
She's a smart person, isn't she?
He's a spoiled brat, isn't he?
She's a spoiled brat, isn't she?
He's a teacher here, isn't he?
She's a teacher here, isn't she?
He's a teacher, too, isn't he?
She's a teacher, too, isn't she?
He's a third grader, isn't he?
She's a third grader, isn't she?
He's about to begin, isn't he?
She's about to begin, isn't she?
He's about to leave, isn't he?
She's about to leave, isn't she?
He's about your age, isn't he?
She's about your age, isn't she?
He's afraid of dogs, isn't he?
She's afraid of dogs, isn't she?
He's already asleep, isn't he?
She's already asleep, isn't she?
He's also a teacher, isn't he?
She's also a teacher, isn't she?
He's always at home, isn't he?
She's always at home, isn't she?
He's always careful, isn't he?
She's always careful, isn't she?
He's always on time, isn't he?
She's always on time, isn't she?
He's an art student, isn't he?
She's an art student, isn't she?
He's an entertainer, isn't he?
She's an entertainer, isn't she?
He's angry with you, isn't he?
She's angry with you, isn't she?
He's apt to be late, isn't he?
She's apt to be late, isn't she?
He's apt to do that, isn't he?
She's apt to do that, isn't she?
He's away on a trip, isn't he?
She's away on a trip, isn't she?
He's back in Boston, isn't he?
She's back in Boston, isn't she?
He's back in prison, isn't he?
She's back in prison, isn't she?
He's behaving oddly, isn't he?
She's behaving oddly, isn't she?
He's being cautious, isn't he?
She's being cautious, isn't she?
He's being childish, isn't he?
She's being childish, isn't she?
He's being stubborn, isn't he?
She's being stubborn, isn't she?
He's busy right now, isn't he?
She's busy right now, isn't she?
He's claustrophobic, isn't he?
She's claustrophobic, isn't she?
He's coming with us, isn't he?
She's coming with us, isn't she?
He's counting on us, isn't he?
She's counting on us, isn't she?
He's doing fine now, isn't he?
She's doing fine now, isn't she?
He's doing it right, isn't he?
She's doing it right, isn't she?
He's doing it wrong, isn't he?
She's doing it wrong, isn't she?
He's doing that now, isn't he?
She's doing that now, isn't she?
He's doing well now, isn't he?
She's doing well now, isn't she?
He's done for today, isn't he?
She's done for today, isn't she?
He's double-jointed, isn't he?
She's double-jointed, isn't she?
He's eager to leave, isn't he?
She's eager to leave, isn't she?
He's easy to please, isn't he?
She's easy to please, isn't she?
He's eating cookies, isn't he?
She's eating cookies, isn't she?
He's expecting that, isn't he?
She's expecting that, isn't she?
He's extremely busy, isn't he?
She's extremely busy, isn't she?
He's faster than me, isn't he?
She's faster than me, isn't she?
He's feeling OK now, isn't he?
She's feeling OK now, isn't she?
He's full of energy, isn't he?
She's full of energy, isn't she?
He's fun to be with, isn't he?
She's fun to be with, isn't she?
He's gaining weight, isn't he?
She's gaining weight, isn't she?
He's getting better, isn't he?
She's getting better, isn't she?
He's going downtown, isn't he?
She's going downtown, isn't she?
He's going to agree, isn't he?
She's going to agree, isn't she?
He's going to leave, isn't he?
She's going to leave, isn't she?
He's good at skiing, isn't he?
She's good at skiing, isn't she?
He's having a party, isn't he?
She's having a party, isn't she?
He's having fun now, isn't he?
She's having fun now, isn't she?
He's here every day, isn't he?
She's here every day, isn't she?
He's here in Boston, isn't he?
She's here in Boston, isn't she?
He's in a big hurry, isn't he?
She's in a big hurry, isn't she?
He's in a good mood, isn't he?
She's in a good mood, isn't she?
He's in bed reading, isn't he?
She's in bed reading, isn't she?
He's in big trouble, isn't he?
She's in big trouble, isn't she?
He's in college now, isn't he?
She's in college now, isn't she?
He's in good health, isn't he?
She's in good health, isn't she?
He's in the kitchen, isn't he?
She's in the kitchen, isn't she?
He's in the library, isn't he?
She's in the library, isn't she?
He's in trouble now, isn't he?
She's in trouble now, isn't she?
He's likely to come, isn't he?
She's likely to come, isn't she?
He's likely to wait, isn't he?
She's likely to wait, isn't she?
He's now doing fine, isn't he?
She's now doing fine, isn't she?
He's now doing that, isn't he?
She's now doing that, isn't she?
He's now in trouble, isn't he?
She's now in trouble, isn't she?
He's off duty today, isn't he?
She's off duty today, isn't she?
He's older than you, isn't he?
She's older than you, isn't she?
He's on the balcony, isn't he?
She's on the balcony, isn't she?
He's planning to go, isn't he?
She's planning to go, isn't she?
He's pretty amazing, isn't he?
She's pretty amazing, isn't she?
He's pretty bad off, isn't he?
She's pretty bad off, isn't she?
He's pretty excited, isn't he?
She's pretty excited, isn't she?
He's pushing thirty, isn't he?
She's pushing thirty, isn't she?
He's quite a talker, isn't he?
She's quite a talker, isn't she?
He's quite artistic, isn't he?
She's quite artistic, isn't she?
He's reading a book, isn't he?
She's reading a book, isn't she?
He's ready for that, isn't he?
She's ready for that, isn't she?
He's ready to begin, isn't he?
She's ready to begin, isn't she?
He's ready to leave, isn't he?
She's ready to leave, isn't she?
He's ready to start, isn't he?
She's ready to start, isn't she?
He's really excited, isn't he?
She's really excited, isn't she?
He's really selfish, isn't he?
She's really selfish, isn't she?
He's really worried, isn't he?
She's really worried, isn't she?
He's scared of dogs, isn't he?
She's scared of dogs, isn't she?
He's still homesick, isn't he?
She's still homesick, isn't she?
He's still in shock, isn't he?
She's still in shock, isn't she?
He's still in there, isn't he?
She's still in there, isn't she?
He's still laughing, isn't he?
She's still laughing, isn't she?
He's still sleeping, isn't he?
She's still sleeping, isn't she?
He's still studying, isn't he?
She's still studying, isn't she?
He's still the same, isn't he?
She's still the same, isn't she?
He's still upstairs, isn't he?
She's still upstairs, isn't she?
He's taking a break, isn't he?
She's taking a break, isn't she?
He's taller than me, isn't he?
She's taller than me, isn't she?
He's trying to help, isn't he?
She's trying to help, isn't she?
He's very angry now, isn't he?
She's very angry now, isn't she?
He's very assertive, isn't he?
She's very assertive, isn't she?
He's very attentive, isn't he?
She's very attentive, isn't she?
He's very committed, isn't he?
She's very committed, isn't she?
He's very emotional, isn't he?
She's very emotional, isn't she?
He's very laid back, isn't he?
She's very laid back, isn't she?
He's very motivated, isn't he?
She's very motivated, isn't she?
He's very obnoxious, isn't he?
She's very obnoxious, isn't she?
He's very organized, isn't he?
She's very organized, isn't she?
He's very religious, isn't he?
She's very religious, isn't she?
He's very secretive, isn't he?
She's very secretive, isn't she?
He's waiting for me, isn't he?
She's waiting for me, isn't she?
He's waiting inside, isn't he?
She's waiting inside, isn't she?
He's washing dishes, isn't he?
She's washing dishes, isn't she?
He's wearing a coat, isn't he?
She's wearing a coat, isn't she?
He's wearing gloves, isn't he?
She's wearing gloves, isn't she?
He's wearing my cap, isn't he?
She's wearing my cap, isn't she?
He's terminally ill, isn't he?
She's terminally ill, isn't she?
He's quite versatile, isn't he?
She's quite versatile, isn't she?
He's very unsociable, isn't he?
She's very unsociable, isn't she?
He's still out there, isn't he?
She's still out there, isn't she?
He's quite talkative, isn't he?
She's quite talkative, isn't she?
He's really talented, isn't he?
She's really talented, isn't she?
He's very successful, isn't he?
She's very successful, isn't she?
He's really stubborn, isn't he?
She's really stubborn, isn't she?
He's a little scared, isn't he?
She's a little scared, isn't she?
He's being sarcastic, isn't he?
She's being sarcastic, isn't she?
He's always punctual, isn't he?
She's always punctual, isn't she?
He's very possessive, isn't he?
She's very possessive, isn't she?
He's very photogenic, isn't he?
She's very photogenic, isn't she?
He's very persuasive, isn't he?
She's very persuasive, isn't she?
He's very persistent, isn't he?
She's very persistent, isn't she?
He's a perfectionist, isn't he?
She's a perfectionist, isn't she?
He's very passionate, isn't he?
She's very passionate, isn't she?
He's very overweight, isn't he?
She's very overweight, isn't she?
He's quite outspoken, isn't he?
She's quite outspoken, isn't she?
He's pretty outgoing, isn't he?
She's pretty outgoing, isn't she?
He's quite organized, isn't he?
She's quite organized, isn't she?
He's quite obstinate, isn't he?
She's quite obstinate, isn't she?
He's quite observant, isn't he?
She's quite observant, isn't she?
He's quite obnoxious, isn't he?
She's quite obnoxious, isn't she?
He's really busy now, isn't he?
She's really busy now, isn't she?
He's the team leader, isn't he?
She's the team leader, isn't she?
He's in the hospital, isn't he?
She's in the hospital, isn't she?
He's willing to help, isn't he?
She's willing to help, isn't she?
He's quite emotional, isn't he?
She's quite emotional, isn't she?
He's very diplomatic, isn't he?
She's very diplomatic, isn't she?
He's very determined, isn't he?
She's very determined, isn't she?
He's very dependable, isn't he?
She's very dependable, isn't she?
He's quite dedicated, isn't he?
She's quite dedicated, isn't she?
He's being deceitful, isn't he?
She's being deceitful, isn't she?
He's really creative, isn't he?
She's really creative, isn't she?
He's very courageous, isn't he?
She's very courageous, isn't she?
He's quite conceited, isn't he?
She's quite conceited, isn't she?
He's still in Boston, isn't he?
She's still in Boston, isn't she?
He's very aggressive, isn't he?
She's very aggressive, isn't she?
He's already retired, isn't he?
She's already retired, isn't she?
He's coming with you, isn't he?
She's coming with you, isn't she?
He's kind of strange, isn't he?
She's kind of strange, isn't she?
He's dating somebody, isn't he?
She's dating somebody, isn't she?
He's a heavy sleeper, isn't he?
She's a heavy sleeper, isn't she?
He's a hypochondriac, isn't he?
She's a hypochondriac, isn't she?
He's a light sleeper, isn't he?
She's a light sleeper, isn't she?
He's a music teacher, isn't he?
She's a music teacher, isn't she?
He's a piano teacher, isn't he?
She's a piano teacher, isn't she?
He's a quick learner, isn't he?
She's a quick learner, isn't she?
He's a terrible cook, isn't he?
She's a terrible cook, isn't she?
He's a terrible liar, isn't he?
She's a terrible liar, isn't she?
He's able to do that, isn't he?
She's able to do that, isn't she?
He's almost finished, isn't he?
She's almost finished, isn't she?
He's already at home, isn't he?
She's already at home, isn't she?
He's already engaged, isn't he?
She's already engaged, isn't she?
He's already married, isn't he?
She's already married, isn't she?
He's always cheerful, isn't he?
She's always cheerful, isn't she?
He's always confused, isn't he?
She's always confused, isn't she?
He's always friendly, isn't he?
She's always friendly, isn't she?
He's always prepared, isn't he?
She's always prepared, isn't she?
He's an archeologist, isn't he?
She's an archeologist, isn't she?
He's an engineer now, isn't he?
She's an engineer now, isn't she?
He's asleep upstairs, isn't he?
She's asleep upstairs, isn't she?
He's behind schedule, isn't he?
She's behind schedule, isn't she?
He's close to thirty, isn't he?
She's close to thirty, isn't she?
He's coming tomorrow, isn't he?
She's coming tomorrow, isn't she?
He's counting on you, isn't he?
She's counting on you, isn't she?
He's deaf in one ear, isn't he?
She's deaf in one ear, isn't she?
He's doing OK so far, isn't he?
She's doing OK so far, isn't she?
He's doing all right, isn't he?
She's doing all right, isn't she?
He's doing something, isn't he?
She's doing something, isn't she?
He's doing very well, isn't he?
She's doing very well, isn't she?
He's easy to impress, isn't he?
She's easy to impress, isn't she?
He's easy to talk to, isn't he?
She's easy to talk to, isn't she?
He's fairly reliable, isn't he?
She's fairly reliable, isn't she?
He's getting married, isn't he?
She's getting married, isn't she?
He's going back home, isn't he?
She's going back home, isn't she?
He's going to Boston, isn't he?
She's going to Boston, isn't she?
He's going to be mad, isn't he?
She's going to be mad, isn't she?
He's going to escape, isn't he?
She's going to escape, isn't she?
He's going to prison, isn't he?
She's going to prison, isn't she?
He's going to resign, isn't he?
She's going to resign, isn't she?
He's going to say no, isn't he?
She's going to say no, isn't she?
He's going to try it, isn't he?
She's going to try it, isn't she?
He's good at biology, isn't he?
She's good at biology, isn't she?
He's good at cooking, isn't he?
She's good at cooking, isn't she?
He's good at drawing, isn't he?
She's good at drawing, isn't she?
He's good at driving, isn't he?
She's good at driving, isn't she?
He's good at singing, isn't he?
She's good at singing, isn't she?
He's happily married, isn't he?
She's happily married, isn't she?
He's hard of hearing, isn't he?
She's hard of hearing, isn't she?
He's hard to impress, isn't he?
She's hard to impress, isn't she?
He's hard to talk to, isn't he?
She's hard to talk to, isn't she?
He's headed this way, isn't he?
She's headed this way, isn't she?
He's here to help us, isn't he?
She's here to help us, isn't she?
He's in real trouble, isn't he?
She's in real trouble, isn't she?
He's in the audience, isn't he?
She's in the audience, isn't she?
He's in the basement, isn't he?
She's in the basement, isn't she?
He's in the bathroom, isn't he?
She's in the bathroom, isn't she?
He's just a beginner, isn't he?
She's just a beginner, isn't she?
He's learning French, isn't he?
She's learning French, isn't she?
He's leaving at 2:30, isn't he?
She's leaving at 2:30, isn't she?
He's living here now, isn't he?
She's living here now, isn't she?
He's loading the car, isn't he?
She's loading the car, isn't she?
He's majoring in art, isn't he?
She's majoring in art, isn't she?
He's making progress, isn't he?
She's making progress, isn't she?
He's much better now, isn't he?
She's much better now, isn't she?
He's nearly finished, isn't he?
She's nearly finished, isn't she?
He's now on vacation, isn't he?
She's now on vacation, isn't she?
He's now the manager, isn't he?
She's now the manager, isn't she?
He's older than I am, isn't he?
She's older than I am, isn't she?
He's only a beginner, isn't he?
She's only a beginner, isn't she?
He's paid to do that, isn't he?
She's paid to do that, isn't she?
He's partially right, isn't he?
She's partially right, isn't she?
He's planning a trip, isn't he?
She's planning a trip, isn't she?
He's really handsome, isn't he?
She's really beautiful, isn't she?
He's kind of handsome, isn't he?
She's kind of beautiful, isn't she?
He's your twin brother, isn't he?
She's your twin sister, isn't she?
He's your only brother, isn't he?
She's your only sister, isn't she?
He's your ex-boyfriend, isn't he?
She's your ex-girlfriend, isn't she?
He's your older brother, isn't he?
She's your older sister, isn't she?
He's your neighbor's son, isn't he?
She's your neighbor's daughter, isn't she?
He's still your boyfriend, isn't he?
She's still your girlfriend, isn't she?
He's studying French, isn't he?
She's studying French, isn't she?
He's teaching French, isn't he?
She's teaching French, isn't she?
He's quite forgetful, isn't he?
She's quite forgetful, isn't she?
He's being very vague, isn't he?
She's being very vague, isn't she?
He's still a teenager, isn't he?
She's still a teenager, isn't she?
He's quite successful, isn't he?
She's quite successful, isn't she?
He's very spontaneous, isn't he?
She's very spontaneous, isn't she?
He's very resourceful, isn't he?
She's very resourceful, isn't she?
He's usually punctual, isn't he?
She's usually punctual, isn't she?
He's very progressive, isn't he?
She's very progressive, isn't she?
He's quite proficient, isn't he?
She's quite proficient, isn't she?
He's quite prejudiced, isn't he?
She's quite prejudiced, isn't she?
He's quite possessive, isn't he?
She's quite possessive, isn't she?
He's quite photogenic, isn't he?
She's quite photogenic, isn't she?
He's just being petty, isn't he?
She's just being petty, isn't she?
He's very pessimistic, isn't he?
She's very pessimistic, isn't she?
He's quite persuasive, isn't he?
She's quite persuasive, isn't she?
He's quite overweight, isn't he?
She's quite overweight, isn't she?
He's really obnoxious, isn't he?
She's really obnoxious, isn't she?
He's a little nervous, isn't he?
She's a little nervous, isn't she?
He's a little jealous, isn't he?
She's a little jealous, isn't she?
He's fairly important, isn't he?
She's fairly important, isn't she?
He's still at Harvard, isn't he?
She's still at Harvard, isn't she?
He's a good guitarist, isn't he?
She's a good guitarist, isn't she?
He's your best friend, isn't he?
She's your best friend, isn't she?
He's quite dependable, isn't he?
She's quite dependable, isn't she?
He's really dedicated, isn't he?
She's really dedicated, isn't she?
He's quite courageous, isn't he?
She's quite courageous, isn't she?
He's very considerate, isn't he?
She's very considerate, isn't she?
He's really conceited, isn't he?
She's really conceited, isn't she?
He's pretty conceited, isn't he?
She's pretty conceited, isn't she?
He's very competitive, isn't he?
She's very competitive, isn't she?
He's really ambitious, isn't he?
She's really ambitious, isn't she?
He's pretty ambitious, isn't he?
She's pretty ambitious, isn't she?
He's fairly ambitious, isn't he?
She's fairly ambitious, isn't she?
He's quite aggressive, isn't he?
She's quite aggressive, isn't she?
He's staying with you, isn't he?
She's staying with you, isn't she?
He's going to help us, isn't he?
She's going to help us, isn't she?
He's going to go, too, isn't he?
She's going to go, too, isn't she?
He's going to do that, isn't he?
She's going to do that, isn't she?
He's ready to do that, isn't he?
She's ready to do that, isn't she?
He's a little strange, isn't he?
She's a little strange, isn't she?
He's kind to everyone, isn't he?
She's kind to everyone, isn't she?
He's mean to everyone, isn't he?
She's mean to everyone, isn't she?
He's a French teacher, isn't he?
She's a French teacher, isn't she?
He's also from Boston, isn't he?
She's also from Boston, isn't she?
He's coming to Boston, isn't he?
She's coming to Boston, isn't she?
He's terrible at math, isn't he?
She's terrible at math, isn't she?
He's the next in line, isn't he?
She's the next in line, isn't she?
He's being quite vague, isn't he?
She's being quite vague, isn't she?
He's prepared for this, isn't he?
She's prepared for this, isn't she?
He's quite sympathetic, isn't he?
She's quite sympathetic, isn't she?
He's really successful, isn't he?
She's really successful, isn't she?
He's rather successful, isn't he?
She's rather successful, isn't she?
He's quite resourceful, isn't he?
She's quite resourceful, isn't she?
He's just being polite, isn't he?
She's just being polite, isn't she?
He's really persuasive, isn't he?
She's really persuasive, isn't she?
He's really overweight, isn't he?
She's really overweight, isn't she?
He's still your friend, isn't he?
She's still your friend, isn't she?
He's pretty dependable, isn't he?
She's pretty dependable, isn't she?
He's really courageous, isn't he?
She's really courageous, isn't she?
He's very conservative, isn't he?
She's very conservative, isn't she?
He's quite competitive, isn't he?
She's quite competitive, isn't she?
He's really aggressive, isn't he?
She's really aggressive, isn't she?
He's pretty aggressive, isn't he?
She's pretty aggressive, isn't she?
He's telling the truth, isn't he?
She's telling the truth, isn't she?
He's going to be there, isn't he?
She's going to be there, isn't she?
He's a friend of yours, isn't he?
She's a friend of yours, isn't she?
He's kind to everybody, isn't he?
She's kind to everybody, isn't she?
He's expecting someone, isn't he?
She's expecting someone, isn't she?
He's mean to everybody, isn't he?
She's mean to everybody, isn't she?
He's a very good coach, isn't he?
She's a very good coach, isn't she?
He's going to complain, isn't he?
She's going to complain, isn't she?
He's going to fix that, isn't he?
She's going to fix that, isn't she?
He's going to fix this, isn't he?
She's going to fix this, isn't she?
He's going to get help, isn't he?
She's going to get help, isn't she?
He's going to get hurt, isn't he?
She's going to get hurt, isn't she?
He's going to have fun, isn't he?
She's going to have fun, isn't she?
He's going to help you, isn't he?
She's going to help you, isn't she?
He's going to sit here, isn't he?
She's going to sit here, isn't she?
He's good at geography, isn't he?
She's good at geography, isn't she?
He's good at this game, isn't he?
She's good at this game, isn't she?
He's good with animals, isn't he?
She's good with animals, isn't she?
He's growing impatient, isn't he?
She's growing impatient, isn't she?
He's hard to live with, isn't he?
She's hard to live with, isn't she?
He's headed for Boston, isn't he?
She's headed for Boston, isn't she?
He's hoping to do that, isn't he?
She's hoping to do that, isn't she?
He's likely to do that, isn't he?
She's likely to do that, isn't she?
He's in Boston already, isn't he?
She's in Boston already, isn't she?
He's in a bad mood now, isn't he?
She's in a bad mood now, isn't she?
He's in the greenhouse, isn't he?
She's in the greenhouse, isn't she?
He's planning on going, isn't he?
She's planning on going, isn't she?
He's out in the garden, isn't he?
She's out in the garden, isn't she?
He's on the track team, isn't he?
She's on the track team, isn't she?
He's on the honor roll, isn't he?
She's on the honor roll, isn't she?
He's on the back porch, isn't he?
She's on the back porch, isn't she?
He's on a tight budget, isn't he?
She's on a tight budget, isn't she?
He's now out of danger, isn't he?
She's now out of danger, isn't she?
He's now legally blind, isn't he?
She's now legally blind, isn't she?
He's much better today, isn't he?
She's much better today, isn't she?
He's mopping the floor, isn't he?
She's mopping the floor, isn't she?
He's making sandwiches, isn't he?
She's making sandwiches, isn't she?
He's working on it now, isn't he?
She's working on it now, isn't she?
He's working in Boston, isn't he?
She's working in Boston, isn't she?
He's wearing new shoes, isn't he?
She's wearing new shoes, isn't she?
He's wearing a new hat, isn't he?
She's wearing a new hat, isn't she?
He's watering the lawn, isn't he?
She's watering the lawn, isn't she?
He's very well behaved, isn't he?
She's very well behaved, isn't she?
He's very undependable, isn't he?
She's very undependable, isn't she?
He's lucky to be alive, isn't he?
She's lucky to be alive, isn't she?
He's looking into that, isn't he?
She's looking into that, isn't she?
He's looking for a job, isn't he?
She's looking for a job, isn't she?
He's looking at us now, isn't he?
She's looking at us now, isn't she?
He's likely to be home, isn't he?
She's likely to be home, isn't she?
He's likely to be busy, isn't he?
She's likely to be busy, isn't she?
He's liable to do that, isn't he?
She's liable to do that, isn't she?
He's leaving next year, isn't he?
She's leaving next year, isn't she?
He's just wasting time, isn't he?
She's just wasting time, isn't she?
He's pretty busy today, isn't he?
She's pretty busy today, isn't she?
He's pretty persuasive, isn't he?
She's pretty persuasive, isn't she?
He's putting on weight, isn't he?
She's putting on weight, isn't she?
He's rather optimistic, isn't he?
She's rather optimistic, isn't she?
He's really busy today, isn't he?
She's really busy today, isn't she?
He's really doing well, isn't he?
She's really doing well, isn't she?
He's scared to do that, isn't he?
She's scared to do that, isn't she?
He's setting the table, isn't he?
She's setting the table, isn't she?
He's sleeping upstairs, isn't he?
She's sleeping upstairs, isn't she?
He's staying in Boston, isn't he?
She's staying in Boston, isn't she?
He's still in the cave, isn't he?
She's still in the cave, isn't she?
He's still on the roof, isn't he?
She's still on the roof, isn't she?
He's still on vacation, isn't he?
She's still on vacation, isn't she?
He's still out of town, isn't he?
She's still out of town, isn't she?
He's still pretty busy, isn't he?
She's still pretty busy, isn't she?
He's stronger than you, isn't he?
She's stronger than you, isn't she?
He's taking a bath now, isn't he?
She's taking a bath now, isn't she?
He's taking a big risk, isn't he?
She's taking a big risk, isn't she?
He's taking care of it, isn't he?
She's taking care of it, isn't she?
He's teaching here now, isn't he?
She's teaching here now, isn't she?
He's the lead vocalist, isn't he?
She's the lead vocalist, isn't she?
He's the one in charge, isn't he?
She's the one in charge, isn't she?
He's thinking about it, isn't he?
She's thinking about it, isn't she?
He's third on the list, isn't he?
She's third on the list, isn't she?
He's too young to vote, isn't he?
She's too young to vote, isn't she?
He's trying to do that, isn't he?
She's trying to do that, isn't she?
He's still sick in bed, isn't he?
She's still sick in bed, isn't she?
He's upstairs sleeping, isn't he?
She's upstairs sleeping, isn't she?
He's still on the team, isn't he?
She's still on the team, isn't she?
He's used to hard work, isn't he?
She's used to hard work, isn't she?
He's very affectionate, isn't he?
She's very affectionate, isn't she?
He's very good at math, isn't he?
She's very good at math, isn't she?
He's very good-looking, isn't he?
She's very good-looking, isn't she?
He's very hypocritical, isn't he?
She's very hypocritical, isn't she?
He's very intimidating, isn't he?
She's very intimidating, isn't she?
He's being really vague, isn't he?
She's being really vague, isn't she?
He's very unpredictable, isn't he?
She's very unpredictable, isn't she?
He's very temperamental, isn't he?
She's very temperamental, isn't she?
He's very self-centered, isn't he?
She's very self-centered, isn't she?
He's usually very quiet, isn't he?
She's usually very quiet, isn't she?
He's just being prudent, isn't he?
She's just being prudent, isn't she?
He's a very neat person, isn't he?
She's a very neat person, isn't she?
He's being very patient, isn't he?
She's being very patient, isn't she?
He's extremely outgoing, isn't he?
She's extremely outgoing, isn't she?
He's very narrow-minded, isn't he?
She's very narrow-minded, isn't she?
He's a little impulsive, isn't he?
She's a little impulsive, isn't she?
He's still working here, isn't he?
She's still working here, isn't she?
He's quite enthusiastic, isn't he?
She's quite enthusiastic, isn't she?
He's being disagreeable, isn't he?
She's being disagreeable, isn't she?
He's being very cynical, isn't he?
She's being very cynical, isn't she?
He's extremely creative, isn't he?
She's extremely creative, isn't she?
He's quite conservative, isn't he?
She's quite conservative, isn't she?
He's really competitive, isn't he?
She's really competitive, isn't she?
He's still in Australia, isn't he?
She's still in Australia, isn't she?
He's good at doing that, isn't he?
She's good at doing that, isn't she?
He's a skillful teacher, isn't he?
She's a skillful teacher, isn't she?
He's a very nice person, isn't he?
She's a very nice person, isn't she?
He's expecting somebody, isn't he?
She's expecting somebody, isn't she?
He's worried about that, isn't he?
She's worried about that, isn't she?
He's writing a book now, isn't he?
She's writing a book now, isn't she?
He's willing to help us, isn't he?
She's willing to help us, isn't she?
He's willing to do that, isn't he?
She's willing to do that, isn't she?
He's working hard today, isn't he?
She's working hard today, isn't she?
He's wearing a new coat, isn't he?
She's wearing a new coat, isn't she?
He's trying really hard, isn't he?
She's trying really hard, isn't she?
He's trying to scare us, isn't he?
She's trying to scare us, isn't she?
He's used to doing that, isn't he?
She's used to doing that, isn't she?
He's very absent-minded, isn't he?
She's very absent-minded, isn't she?
He's very conscientious, isn't he?
She's very conscientious, isn't she?
He's very different now, isn't he?
She's very different now, isn't she?
He's very good at chess, isn't he?
She's very good at chess, isn't she?
He's very good at poker, isn't he?
She's very good at poker, isn't she?
He's very grouchy today, isn't he?
She's very grouchy today, isn't she?
He's very knowledgeable, isn't he?
She's very knowledgeable, isn't she?
He's very proud of that, isn't he?
She's very proud of that, isn't she?
He's very sophisticated, isn't he?
She's very sophisticated, isn't she?
He's waiting in the car, isn't he?
She's waiting in the car, isn't she?
He's washing the dishes, isn't he?
She's washing the dishes, isn't she?
He's way richer than me, isn't he?
She's way richer than me, isn't she?
He's way taller than me, isn't he?
She's way taller than me, isn't she?
He's wearing a name tag, isn't he?
She's wearing a name tag, isn't she?
He's waiting downstairs, isn't he?
She's waiting downstairs, isn't she?
He's trying to be funny, isn't he?
She's trying to be funny, isn't she?
He's too young to drive, isn't he?
She's too young to drive, isn't she?
He's too young to drink, isn't he?
She's too young to drink, isn't she?
He's too young for that, isn't he?
She's too young for that, isn't she?
He's too shy to do that, isn't he?
She's too shy to do that, isn't she?
He's too old to do that, isn't he?
She's too old to do that, isn't she?
He's too drunk to drive, isn't he?
She's too drunk to drive, isn't she?
He's through doing that, isn't he?
She's through doing that, isn't she?
He's taking a huge risk, isn't he?
She's taking a huge risk, isn't she?
He's studying right now, isn't he?
She's studying right now, isn't she?
He's studying in Boston, isn't he?
She's studying in Boston, isn't she?
He's stronger than I am, isn't he?
She's stronger than I am, isn't she?
He's stranded somewhere, isn't he?
She's stranded somewhere, isn't she?
He's still working hard, isn't he?
She's still working hard, isn't she?
He's still pretty young, isn't he?
She's still pretty young, isn't she?
He's still on probation, isn't he?
She's still on probation, isn't she?
He's still in the house, isn't he?
She's still in the house, isn't she?
He's sleeping right now, isn't he?
She's sleeping right now, isn't she?
He's seeing a therapist, isn't he?
She's seeing a therapist, isn't she?
He's scared of the dark, isn't he?
She's scared of the dark, isn't she?
He's pretty competitive, isn't he?
She's pretty competitive, isn't she?
He's pretty adventurous, isn't he?
She's pretty adventurous, isn't she?
He's on the soccer team, isn't he?
She's on the soccer team, isn't she?
He's old enough to vote, isn't he?
She's old enough to vote, isn't she?
He's obliged to do that, isn't he?
She's obliged to do that, isn't she?
He's much older than me, isn't he?
She's much older than me, isn't she?
He's majoring in French, isn't he?
She's majoring in French, isn't she?
He's likely to be early, isn't he?
She's likely to be early, isn't she?
He's likely to be awake, isn't he?
She's likely to be awake, isn't she?
He's likely to be alone, isn't he?
She's likely to be alone, isn't she?
He's leaving right away, isn't he?
She's leaving right away, isn't she?
He's kind of busy today, isn't he?
She's kind of busy today, isn't she?
He's in the third grade, isn't he?
She's in the third grade, isn't she?
He's in serious trouble, isn't he?
She's in serious trouble, isn't she?
He's here because of me, isn't he?
She's here because of me, isn't she?
He's having a good time, isn't he?
She's having a good time, isn't she?
He's good at basketball, isn't he?
She's good at basketball, isn't she?
He's going to walk home, isn't he?
She's going to walk home, isn't she?
He's going to try again, isn't he?
She's going to try again, isn't she?
He's going to the beach, isn't he?
She's going to the beach, isn't she?
He's going to stay here, isn't he?
She's going to stay here, isn't she?
He's going to need this, isn't he?
She's going to need this, isn't she?
He's going to need help, isn't he?
She's going to need help, isn't she?
He's going to get fired, isn't he?
She's going to get fired, isn't she?
He's going to be a cook, isn't he?
She's going to be a cook, isn't she?
He's going to apologize, isn't he?
She's going to apologize, isn't she?
He's going back to jail, isn't he?
She's going back to jail, isn't she?
He's doing better today, isn't he?
She's doing better today, isn't she?
He's difficult to reach, isn't he?
She's difficult to reach, isn't she?
He's crazy about tennis, isn't he?
She's crazy about tennis, isn't she?
He's coming this Monday, isn't he?
She's coming this Monday, isn't she?
He's coming next Monday, isn't he?
She's coming next Monday, isn't she?
He's coming for a visit, isn't he?
She's coming for a visit, isn't she?
He's buying a new house, isn't he?
She's buying a new house, isn't she?
He's busy at the moment, isn't he?
She's busy at the moment, isn't she?
He's breaking the rules, isn't he?
She's breaking the rules, isn't she?
He's being very selfish, isn't he?
She's being very selfish, isn't she?
He's at the supermarket, isn't he?
She's at the supermarket, isn't she?
He's at the library now, isn't he?
She's at the library now, isn't she?
He's an outgoing person, isn't he?
She's an outgoing person, isn't she?
He's an excellent skier, isn't he?
She's an excellent skier, isn't she?
He's always very polite, isn't he?
She's always very polite, isn't she?
He's always saying that, isn't he?
She's always saying that, isn't she?
He's allowed to do that, isn't he?
She's allowed to do that, isn't she?
He's afraid of the dark, isn't he?
She's afraid of the dark, isn't she?
He's a very hard worker, isn't he?
She's a very hard worker, isn't she?
He's a very good skater, isn't he?
She's a very good skater, isn't she?
He's a very good singer, isn't he?
She's a very good singer, isn't she?
He's a very good driver, isn't he?
She's a very good driver, isn't she?
He's a very good dancer, isn't he?
She's a very good dancer, isn't she?
He's a very good artist, isn't he?
She's a very good artist, isn't she?
He's a very fussy eater, isn't he?
She's a very fussy eater, isn't she?
He's a very busy person, isn't he?
She's a very busy person, isn't she?
He's a tough competitor, isn't he?
She's a tough competitor, isn't she?
He's a terrible manager, isn't he?
She's a terrible manager, isn't she?
He's a talkative person, isn't he?
She's a talkative person, isn't she?
He's a talented painter, isn't he?
She's a talented painter, isn't she?
He's a talented drummer, isn't he?
She's a talented drummer, isn't she?
He's a real good friend, isn't he?
She's a real good friend, isn't she?
He's a lot better today, isn't he?
She's a lot better today, isn't she?
He's a little bit crazy, isn't he?
She's a little bit crazy, isn't she?
He's a helicopter pilot, isn't he?
She's a helicopter pilot, isn't she?
He's a graphic designer, isn't he?
She's a graphic designer, isn't she?
He's a graduate student, isn't he?
She's a graduate student, isn't she?
He's a good bass player, isn't he?
She's a good bass player, isn't she?
He's a college graduate, isn't he?
She's a college graduate, isn't she?
He's a Harvard graduate, isn't he?
She's a Harvard graduate, isn't she?
He's a Canadian citizen, isn't he?
She's a Canadian citizen, isn't she?
He's very grumpy tonight, isn't he?
She's very grumpy tonight, isn't she?
He's really good at this, isn't he?
She's really good at this, isn't she?
He's your guitar teacher, isn't he?
She's your guitar teacher, isn't she?
He's a very good teacher, isn't he?
She's a very good teacher, isn't she?
He's a very good student, isn't he?
She's a very good student, isn't she?
He's being very sensible, isn't he?
She's being very sensible, isn't she?
He's a good chess player, isn't he?
She's a good chess player, isn't she?
He's studying French now, isn't he?
She's studying French now, isn't she?
He's quite narrow-minded, isn't he?
She's quite narrow-minded, isn't she?
He's very good at French, isn't he?
She's very good at French, isn't she?
He's really quite famous, isn't he?
She's really quite famous, isn't she?
He's really conservative, isn't he?
She's really conservative, isn't she?
He's rather conservative, isn't he?
She's rather conservative, isn't she?
He's pretty conservative, isn't he?
She's pretty conservative, isn't she?
He's quite conscientious, isn't he?
She's quite conscientious, isn't she?
He's really good-looking, isn't he?
She's really good-looking, isn't she?
He's doing what we asked, isn't he?
She's doing what we asked, isn't she?
He's your French teacher, isn't he?
She's your French teacher, isn't she?
He's working really hard, isn't he?
She's working really hard, isn't she?
He's way younger than me, isn't he?
She's way younger than me, isn't she?
He's very hard to please, isn't he?
She's very hard to please, isn't she?
He's very good with kids, isn't he?
She's very good with kids, isn't she?
He's very claustrophobic, isn't he?
She's very claustrophobic, isn't she?
He's very busy right now, isn't he?
She's very busy right now, isn't she?
He's usually home by now, isn't he?
She's usually home by now, isn't she?
He's too young to retire, isn't he?
She's too young to retire, isn't she?
He's too sick to do that, isn't he?
She's too sick to do that, isn't she?
He's too busy to do that, isn't he?
She's too busy to do that, isn't she?
He's tired of doing that, isn't he?
She's tired of doing that, isn't she?
He's taking us back home, isn't he?
She's taking us back home, isn't she?
He's taking care of that, isn't he?
She's taking care of that, isn't she?
He's taking a big chance, isn't he?
She's taking a big chance, isn't she?
He's supposed to help us, isn't he?
She's supposed to help us, isn't she?
He's supposed to do that, isn't he?
She's supposed to do that, isn't she?
He's supposed to be here, isn't he?
She's supposed to be here, isn't she?
He's studying web design, isn't he?
She's studying web design, isn't she?
He's studying at Harvard, isn't he?
She's studying at Harvard, isn't she?
He's still staring at me, isn't he?
She's still staring at me, isn't she?
He's still kind of young, isn't he?
She's still kind of young, isn't she?
He's still in the prison, isn't he?
She's still in the prison, isn't she?
He's still in a bad mood, isn't he?
She's still in a bad mood, isn't she?
He's still at the clinic, isn't he?
She's still at the clinic, isn't she?
He's somewhere in Boston, isn't he?
She's somewhere in Boston, isn't she?
He's smarter than we are, isn't he?
She's smarter than we are, isn't she?
He's sitting in the back, isn't he?
She's sitting in the back, isn't she?
He's really out of shape, isn't he?
She's really out of shape, isn't she?
He's really good at math, isn't he?
She's really good at math, isn't she?
He's really good at golf, isn't he?
She's really good at golf, isn't she?
He's quite good at chess, isn't he?
She's quite good at chess, isn't she?
He's pretty good at that, isn't he?
She's pretty good at that, isn't she?
He's pretty good at golf, isn't he?
She's pretty good at golf, isn't she?
He's pretty disappointed, isn't he?
She's pretty disappointed, isn't she?
He's prepared to do that, isn't he?
She's prepared to do that, isn't she?
He's planning to do that, isn't he?
She's planning to do that, isn't she?
He's perfect for the job, isn't he?
She's perfect for the job, isn't she?
He's part of the problem, isn't he?
She's part of the problem, isn't she?
He's opposed to the plan, isn't he?
She's opposed to the plan, isn't she?
He's one of your friends, isn't he?
She's one of your friends, isn't she?
He's one of your cousins, isn't he?
She's one of your cousins, isn't she?
He's old enough to drive, isn't he?
She's old enough to drive, isn't she?
He's old enough to drink, isn't he?
She's old enough to drink, isn't she?
He's often late for work, isn't he?
She's often late for work, isn't she?
He's much taller than me, isn't he?
She's much taller than me, isn't she?
He's much faster than me, isn't he?
She's much faster than me, isn't she?
He's majoring in physics, isn't he?
She's majoring in physics, isn't she?
He's majoring in biology, isn't he?
She's majoring in biology, isn't she?
He's learning to do that, isn't he?
She's learning to do that, isn't she?
He's kind of standoffish, isn't he?
She's kind of standoffish, isn't she?
He's just being stubborn, isn't he?
She's just being stubborn, isn't she?
He's just being cautious, isn't he?
She's just being cautious, isn't she?
He's just about your age, isn't he?
She's just about your age, isn't she?
He's just about finished, isn't he?
She's just about finished, isn't she?
He's interested in music, isn't he?
She's interested in music, isn't she?
He's in the waiting room, isn't he?
She's in the waiting room, isn't she?
He's in the bathroom now, isn't he?
She's in the bathroom now, isn't she?
He's in a very good mood, isn't he?
She's in a very good mood, isn't she?
He's in a lot of trouble, isn't he?
She's in a lot of trouble, isn't she?
He's in a bad mood today, isn't he?
She's in a bad mood today, isn't she?
He's in Boston this week, isn't he?
She's in Boston this week, isn't she?
He's in Boston right now, isn't he?
She's in Boston right now, isn't she?
He's having a rough week, isn't he?
She's having a rough week, isn't she?
He's having a lot of fun, isn't he?
She's having a lot of fun, isn't she?
He's happy to have a job, isn't he?
She's happy to have a job, isn't she?
He's great with children, isn't he?
She's great with children, isn't she?
He's going to work today, isn't he?
She's going to work today, isn't she?
He's going to work on it, isn't he?
She's going to work on it, isn't she?
He's going to try to win, isn't he?
She's going to try to win, isn't she?
He's going to need these, isn't he?
She's going to need these, isn't she?
He's going to leave soon, isn't he?
She's going to leave soon, isn't she?
He's going to law school, isn't he?
She's going to law school, isn't she?
He's going to get better, isn't he?
She's going to get better, isn't she?
He's going to come later, isn't he?
She's going to come later, isn't she?
He's going to come early, isn't he?
She's going to come early, isn't she?
He's going to be present, isn't he?
She's going to be present, isn't she?
He's going to be jealous, isn't he?
She's going to be jealous, isn't she?
He's going to be furious, isn't he?
She's going to be furious, isn't she?
He's feeling much better, isn't he?
She's feeling much better, isn't she?
He's faster than you are, isn't he?
She's faster than you are, isn't she?
He's expected to recover, isn't he?
She's expected to recover, isn't she?
He's expected to do that, isn't he?
She's expected to do that, isn't she?
He's doing that for free, isn't he?
She's doing that for free, isn't she?
He's currently in Boston, isn't he?
She's currently in Boston, isn't she?
He's completely clueless, isn't he?
She's completely clueless, isn't she?
He's coming back tonight, isn't he?
She's coming back tonight, isn't she?
He's capable of doing it, isn't he?
She's capable of doing it, isn't she?
He's buying what we need, isn't he?
She's buying what we need, isn't she?
He's busy this afternoon, isn't he?
She's busy this afternoon, isn't she?
He's bigger than you are, isn't he?
She's bigger than you are, isn't she?
He's being very cautious, isn't he?
She's being very cautious, isn't she?
He's being taken care of, isn't he?
She's being taken care of, isn't she?
He's being evasive again, isn't he?
She's being evasive again, isn't she?
He's being blamed for it, isn't he?
She's being blamed for it, isn't she?
He's babysitting tonight, isn't he?
She's babysitting tonight, isn't she?
He's awfully quiet today, isn't he?
She's awfully quiet today, isn't she?
He's aware of the danger, isn't he?
She's aware of the danger, isn't she?
He's at school right now, isn't he?
She's at school right now, isn't she?
He's at home watching TV, isn't he?
She's at home watching TV, isn't she?
He's at church right now, isn't he?
She's at church right now, isn't she?
He's an excellent driver, isn't he?
She's an excellent driver, isn't she?
He's an assistant editor, isn't he?
She's an assistant editor, isn't she?
He's always very careful, isn't he?
She's always very careful, isn't she?
He's also planning to go, isn't he?
She's also planning to go, isn't she?
He's already quite drunk, isn't he?
She's already quite drunk, isn't she?
He's already on the list, isn't he?
She's already on the list, isn't she?
He's almost always right, isn't he?
She's almost always right, isn't she?
He's almost always early, isn't he?
She's almost always early, isn't she?
He's allergic to peanuts, isn't he?
She's allergic to peanuts, isn't she?
He's actually doing that, isn't he?
She's actually doing that, isn't she?
He's able to do that now, isn't he?
She's able to do that now, isn't she?
He's a volleyball player, isn't he?
She's a volleyball player, isn't she?
He's a very talented kid, isn't he?
She's a very talented kid, isn't she?
He's a very quiet person, isn't he?
She's a very quiet person, isn't she?
He's a very good painter, isn't he?
She's a very good painter, isn't she?
He's a very good drummer, isn't he?
She's a very good drummer, isn't she?
He's a very fast swimmer, isn't he?
She's a very fast swimmer, isn't she?
He's a talented musician, isn't he?
She's a talented musician, isn't she?
He's a senior at Harvard, isn't he?
She's a senior at Harvard, isn't she?
He's a really good coach, isn't he?
She's a really good coach, isn't she?
He's a really bad singer, isn't he?
She's a really bad singer, isn't she?
He's a really bad driver, isn't he?
She's a really bad driver, isn't she?
He's a pretty good skier, isn't he?
She's a pretty good skier, isn't she?
He's a lot older than me, isn't he?
She's a lot older than me, isn't she?
He's a lot different now, isn't he?
She's a lot different now, isn't she?
He's a little overweight, isn't he?
She's a little overweight, isn't she?
He's a junior at Harvard, isn't he?
She's a junior at Harvard, isn't she?
He's a good story teller, isn't he?
She's a good story teller, isn't she?
He's a good photographer, isn't he?
She's a good photographer, isn't she?
He's a good banjo player, isn't he?
She's a good banjo player, isn't she?
He's a dependable person, isn't he?
She's a dependable person, isn't she?
He's a dedicated teacher, isn't he?
She's a dedicated teacher, isn't she?
He's a college professor, isn't he?
She's a college professor, isn't she?
He's a bit older than me, isn't he?
She's a bit older than me, isn't she?
He's a basketball player, isn't he?
She's a basketball player, isn't she?
He's really intimidating, isn't he?
She's really intimidating, isn't she?
He's still there with you, isn't he?
She's still there with you, isn't she?
He's still in high school, isn't he?
She's still in high school, isn't she?
He's just being practical, isn't he?
She's just being practical, isn't she?
He's really narrow-minded, isn't he?
She's really narrow-minded, isn't she?
He's a compulsive gambler, isn't he?
She's a compulsive gambler, isn't she?
He's quite good at French, isn't he?
She's quite good at French, isn't she?
He's being quite discreet, isn't he?
She's being quite discreet, isn't she?
He's usually quite direct, isn't he?
She's usually quite direct, isn't she?
He's a university student, isn't he?
She's a university student, isn't she?
He's friendly to everyone, isn't he?
She's friendly to everyone, isn't she?
He's trying to save money, isn't he?
She's trying to save money, isn't she?
He's too short to do that, isn't he?
She's too short to do that, isn't she?
He's too drunk to do that, isn't he?
She's too drunk to do that, isn't she?
He's the one who did that, isn't he?
She's the one who did that, isn't she?
He's the one who did this, isn't he?
She's the one who did this, isn't she?
He's the person in charge, isn't he?
She's the person in charge, isn't she?
He's taking a huge chance, isn't he?
She's taking a huge chance, isn't she?
He's supposed to be there, isn't he?
She's supposed to be there, isn't she?
He's still working for us, isn't he?
She's still working for us, isn't she?
He's still planning to go, isn't he?
She's still planning to go, isn't she?
He's still in the kitchen, isn't he?
She's still in the kitchen, isn't she?
He's still angry with you, isn't he?
She's still angry with you, isn't she?
He's still a little angry, isn't he?
She's still a little angry, isn't she?
He's staying with friends, isn't he?
She's staying with friends, isn't she?
He's somewhat pessimistic, isn't he?
She's somewhat pessimistic, isn't she?
He's someone we can trust, isn't he?
She's someone we can trust, isn't she?
He's skeptical about that, isn't he?
She's skeptical about that, isn't she?
He's scared to talk to me, isn't he?
She's scared to talk to me, isn't she?
He's scared to go outside, isn't he?
She's scared to go outside, isn't she?
He's running out of money, isn't he?
She's running out of money, isn't she?
He's responsible for that, isn't he?
She's responsible for that, isn't she?
He's reluctant to do that, isn't he?
She's reluctant to do that, isn't she?
He's really good at chess, isn't he?
She's really good at chess, isn't she?
He's really a good worker, isn't he?
She's really a good worker, isn't she?
He's pretty good at chess, isn't he?
She's pretty good at chess, isn't she?
He's pretty bad at tennis, isn't he?
She's pretty bad at tennis, isn't she?
He's pretty bad at French, isn't he?
She's pretty bad at French, isn't she?
He's planning to be there, isn't he?
She's planning to be there, isn't she?
He's permitted to do that, isn't he?
She's permitted to do that, isn't she?
He's peeling the potatoes, isn't he?
She's peeling the potatoes, isn't she?
He's on the baseball team, isn't he?
She's on the baseball team, isn't she?
He's often late for class, isn't he?
She's often late for class, isn't she?
He's now living in Boston, isn't he?
She's now living in Boston, isn't she?
He's much taller than you, isn't he?
She's much taller than you, isn't she?
He's much shorter than me, isn't he?
She's much shorter than me, isn't she?
He's motivated to do that, isn't he?
She's motivated to do that, isn't she?
He's making a big mistake, isn't he?
She's making a big mistake, isn't she?
He's graduating this year, isn't he?
She's graduating this year, isn't she?
He's hiding in the closet, isn't he?
She's hiding in the closet, isn't she?
He's hoping we'll do that, isn't he?
She's hoping we'll do that, isn't she?
He's impatient to do that, isn't he?
She's impatient to do that, isn't she?
He's in a good mood today, isn't he?
She's in a good mood today, isn't she?
He's living in Boston now, isn't he?
She's living in Boston now, isn't she?
I think that everybody did really well.
I think everybody did really well.
I think that everyone did really well.
I think everyone did really well.
I want Tom to know that I really don't want to do that.
I want Tom to know I really don't want to do that.
Tom has moved to Boston to live with his grandparents.
I want Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some milk.
Tom was three years old when his mother went missing.
Tom was three when his mother went missing.
I didn't expect a this kind of reception.
How many projects have you and Tom worked on together?
I finally got the call I was waiting for.
I finally got the call that I was waiting for.
How many of the people here are teachers?
Tom left home with only thirty dollars in his pocket.
How many times a week do you play tennis?
Tom saw someone unloading wooden boxes from a truck.
How many years did you live in Australia?
Tom thinks the problem is bigger than it actually is.
Tom thinks that the problem is bigger than it actually is.
How often do you visit your grandparents?
Tom saw somebody unloading wooden boxes from a truck.
When was the last time that you went skating?
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't been drunk.
Have you been doing this for a long time?
How did you think I was going to do that?
How did you think that I was going to do that?
How many bags of potato chips did you buy?
How many more days will you be in Boston?
Tom didn't even ask me if he could borrow my bicycle.
There are three watermelons in that box.
Tom didn't have the money to hire a team of lawyers.
When do you have to go back to Australia?
When was the last time you played chess?
When was the last time you went sailing?
When was the last time that you went sailing?
Tom was three years old when his mother disappeared.
Tom was three when his mother disappeared.
When was the last time that you played chess?
Tom was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital.
I've got too much on my plate right now.
How much did you have to pay Tom to do that for you?
I wanted to spend time with my children.
I wasn't comfortable with the situation.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was until I got back.
I wanted Tom to stay where he was till I got back.
If you don't help Tom, he'll have trouble doing it.
This dog can jump very high.
Will you be arrested?
Are you likely to get arrested?
Do you think that you'll get arrested?
Do you think you'll get arrested?
Do you think that you'll be arrested?
Do you think you'll be arrested?
Do you think that they'll arrest you?
Do you think they'll arrest you?
How likely is it that Tom will be arrested?
Is there any chance that Tom will be arrested?
Is there any chance Tom will be arrested?
Is there any chance that Tom will get arrested?
Is there any chance Tom will get arrested?
I didn't make those accusations lightly.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia to visit his uncle.
I wanted Tom to play something for me on the piano.
I wanted Tom to play something for us on the piano.
Tom went to the park to hang out with his friends.
This towel is fluffy.
I love fluffy towels.
I have difficulty balancing a checkbook.
I want Tom to know I didn't really want to do that.
I want Tom to know that I didn't really want to do that.
I want Tom to understand why he can't live with us.
Everyone loves fluffy towels.
He washes his towels the wrong way.
Wash your towels.
His towels are rough.
I hate rough towels.
Is this a towel or sandpaper?
This towel feels like sandpaper.
This towel is as rough as sandpaper.
He left the towels in the washing machine.
He hung his towels out to dry.
His washed his towels in hot water.
He left his towels soak for a whole day.
His towels are soft.
This towel is so soft.
I love soft towels.
Please give me a soft towel.
We need to keep our towels soft and fluffy.
A barber needs to keep his towels soft and fluffy.
This towel is smelly.
Please give me another towel.
All his towels are smelly.
This towel feels so fluffy.
This towel feels fluffy.
This towel feels so soft.
This towel feels soft.
Do you have another towel?
This towel feels sticky.
This towel is sticky.
This towel smells sour.
He used the towel again.
His towels are clean.
This towel is clean.
Wash this towel again.
This towel needs washing.
This towel smells fresh.
He overfilled his washing machine with towels.
Don't use too much detergent to wash the towels.
He thinks that the city's breaking down because of the rapid increase of people.
The whole city was in flames.
Everything is fraud!
It really isn't the same.
Tom said that playing video games isn't a waste of time.
Tom loved paper bags with drawings on them.
Tom drank too much tea yesterday.
Tom wants to buy a new bracelet.
I want to drink your blood at midnight.
I love helping ambitious people.
I love helping people that learn languages.
Tom can't stop criticizing Mary when they meet.
Mary has three kilos of sesame seeds in her drawer yet she won't give them to anyone.
Tom is addicted to drugs, but he won't tell anyone.
Tom lies to himself that he is healthy but drugs are destroying his health.
My parents constantly criticize modern technology. They just don't understand it.
Could you teach me English?
Tom overdosed his medication and now he has a severe fever.
Tom eats food when he is hungry. He thinks this is normal.
He washed his towels in cool water.
He will wash his towels again.
Tom did not eat anything this week; now he is sick.
The barber needs to increase the longevity of his towels.
The barber needs to keep his towels fresh and fluffy.
This towel feels fresh and fluffy.
Tom is a machine for good ideas.
This towel is very absorbent.
Washing your towels this way reduces their absorbency.
My towels are fresh-smelling and soft.
My towels are fresh-smelling and fluffy.
My towels are fresh-smelling and absorbent.
Don't overdry your towels.
This seems strange, he never was like that.
I want to get these towels dry immediately.
This towel feels a little bit softer.
He washed his towel with plenty of water.
Tom is a next level idiot.
Use less detergent to wash your towels.
Don't use fabric softeners to wash these towels.
Tom had enough of screaming idiots.
These towels come with labels.
This towel can last for up to four hundred washes.
This towel can last for years.
He finished using this towel.
He rinsed the towel well.
I don't want any stains on my white towels.
I don't want any hair on my towels.
I have to eat something, I'll be right back.
He wrung the towel out.
He took the towel to the sink.
His towel was in the sink.
Don't mix my towels with yours.
I need to wash my towels.
Are you addicted to towels?
He can use this towel again.
His towel is in the washing machine.
He is addicted to towels.
Use just a simple detergent to wash your towels.
This towel is stained.
Tom went to the doctor to end his addiction.
You can use hot water to wash this towel.
He hung his towel to dry.
Tom had enough of being addicted.
This towel picks up dust very easily.
He put his towel into the dryer.
Learn Yiddish.
Mary wants to learn Japanese, that's why she isn't here.
Speak Yiddish.
He understands Yiddish.
This towel looks disgusting.
He speaks Yiddish.
She understands Yiddish.
She speaks Yiddish.
I wasn't good at Yiddish at the time.
He handwashed his towels.
I wasn't good at Bengali at the time.
You can handwash your towels.
I wasn't good at Kannada at the time.
It's OK to handwash these towels.
I study Yiddish, too.
He dried his hair with this towel.
I study Bengali, too.
I study Kannada, too.
I study Bangla, too.
He dried his feet with a towel.
I wasn't good at Bangla at the time.
He dried his armpits with a towel.
He understands Bangla.
Is this a new towel?
He understands Bengali.
He has a white towel.
She understands Kannada.
My white towels aren't as white as they used to be.
He stole this towel from the hotel.
She does not understand Kannada.
She doesn't understand Kannada.
My children can't speak Yiddish.
My children can't speak Hebrew.
The only language Esther knows how to speak is Yiddish.
Wash the towels immediately.
Esther doesn't need to study Hebrew.
I need ultra-white towels.
Esther wishes she could speak Hebrew as well as Aviva does.
My towels always smell fresh.
He used forty gallons of water to wash his towel.
Wash this towel preferably in hot water.
This towel isn't as white as I want.
This towel needs to be washed with high-quality detergent.
You can see how dirty this towel is.
This is just a normal towel.
This towel is dirty on this side.
This towel is clean on this side and dirty on the other side.
This is a microfiber towel.
This towel is made of microfiber cloth.
Tom loves this new song "baby shark."
He's drying his towels.
Tom often makes mistakes, but he won't tell you this.
He opened the dryer and took his towel out.
The towel has a very faint spot of dust.
This towel is pure white.
How do you clean your microfiber towels?
Tom isn't an addiction specialist, it's obvious.
I have to go now, I'm very hungry.
Mary said bye before she left.
He loves squirrels.
Mary said goodbye to all her friends before leaving to study Japanese.
Mary loves learning about exotic animals.
I don't know why you're studying French.
Tom's car was found parked not far from his house.
I had trouble getting this done on time.
I don't think I could ever convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I could ever convince Tom to do that.
That'll teach you a lesson.
I'll leave as soon as it stops raining.
Tom would never consider doing anything like that.
Tom said goodbye and left.
Algeria is plagued by corruption.
Algeria is a country plagued by corruption.
Algeria is still technically a socialist country.
How can we get Algeria's terrible economy working again?
Tom took some boudoir photos of Mary.
Tom told me the awful truth about himself.
I told Tom to tone down his gayness.
We're trying to help Tom reclaim his masculinity.
My children can't speak Hungarian.
The Soviet Union broke up in 1991.
The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
We'll start with the basics and work up to the hard bits.
Before we get started, here are a few dos and don'ts.
Esther sent me an instant message.
If you need more room on the screen, you can toggle the sidebar off.
He had a tendency to seize on any insecurity he saw.
Algeria isn't a member of the WTO.
Algeria doesn't have a strong industrial sector.
Esther sent me an IM.
Esther gave me an IM injection.
I wear this tinfoil hat to keep the Pentagon from spying on me.
She works at the Pentagon.
I've identified several vulnerabilities in the Pentagon's security.
Algeria doesn't have much foreign debt.
Algeria doesn't have much external debt.
I'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
She'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
What's the average salary in Algeria now?
Aviva plays in a Mastodon tribute band.
Aviva plays in a Pink Floyd tribute band.
Beyle plays in an Evanescence tribute band.
Algeria is still a good place to live.
Algiers is still a good place to live.
Algeria has strong trade with China and Russia.
Will Algeria run out of reserves?
The Algerian dinar has lost much of its value lately.
Esther is playing the title role in Jane Eyre.
Aviva is playing the title role in a play based on the Book of Esther.
Why did the Soviet Union collapse?
Aviva is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther.
The Soviet Union became economically non-viable in the 1980s.
Is Algeria's economy bound to crash?
Esther is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther. It's the role she was born to play!
Solipsism only exists if I believe it does.
I taught a class on solipsism, but there was nobody there but me.
I taught a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
I went to a class on solipsism and nobody else was there.
I don't get why you would pride yourself on being a jerk.
You pride yourself on being pretentious, don't you?
You pride yourself on being a jerk.
Is Algeria a poor country?
I need to unclutter my desktop.
Russia is the largest country in the world and Algeria is the largest country in Africa.
I need to declutter my purse.
I told Tom to be more fabulous.
Corruption exists in Algeria.
Algerians need to defeat defeatism.
Algerians need to defeat pessimism.
Does Algeria need submarines?
Algeria needs to attract more foreign investment.
Is poverty increasing in Algeria?
Can corruption be fought in Algeria?
Algeria needs to start fixing its economy.
Is there real political will to fight corruption in Algeria?
Does Algeria have a strategic approach to fight corruption?
How can Algeria stop wasting resources?
Algeria needs its best brains to make its economy healthy again.
Algerians can do better than that.
I love helping people who learn languages.
Algerians need hope.
Algeria needs good governance.
Algeria does need economic reforms.
We need hope.
Algeria needs sustainable reforms.
Algeria needs a good government.
What is the Algerian government doing to fight corruption?
Why does corruption persist in Algeria?
Corruption isn't very hard to observe in Algeria.
In Algeria, corruption isn't very hard to observe.
How can the government fight corruption in Algeria?
How to stop corruption in Algeria?
I grew up in northern Algeria.
I came to love couscous.
I really wanted some couscous.
I really wanted to eat some couscous.
I went to Algeria and it was amazing.
Is the Algerian government performing well?
Algeria had presidential elections in December 2019.
Algeria has lots of economic issues.
Is Algeria an emerging democracy?
This CD is his.
This CD is hers.
We need to replicate this study in Algeria.
He took a picture of the Algerian flag.
Algeria needs to stop corruption.
Algeria needs to improve its health system.
Algeria is trying to improve its health system.
Algeria has many good doctors.
Algerian doctors need to be paid more.
The Algerian government needs to monitor its employees.
It's hard to stop corruption in Algeria.
Could this work in Algeria?
Could this program be applied in Algeria?
Could this program work in Algeria?
Fighting corruption in Algeria isn't really that complicated.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucratic managers.
You guys know what happened in Algeria.
You guys know what's happening in Algeria.
Can Algeria do something to stop corruption?
How can Algeria kill corruption?
Algeria is a corrupt country.
He spent four years in Algeria.
He wants to go to Algeria to study.
He never studied in Algeria.
He lived in Algeria on his own.
I came back to Algeria in 2004.
He was so passionate about Algerian politics.
I'm glad I came back to Algeria.
Is everyone corrupt in Algeria?
Corruption is destroying Algeria.
It can't be for nothing.
Nepotism is very common in Algeria.
Favoritism is very common in Algeria.
Nepotism needs to stop in Algeria.
Favoritism needs to stop in Algeria.
Algeria needs to stop favoritism.
Algeria needs to stop nepotism.
Is the Algerian government going to fight corruption?
Algeria needs to solve its problems.
Algeria needs to fight poverty.
Is corruption continuing to thrive in Algeria?
I have given my life for Algeria.
I have lost a lot of Algeria.
I love Algeria.
Corruption is a major problem in Algeria.
Mary has a dog.
That's my decision!
The meeting ended at three o'clock in the afternoon.
The session ended at three o'clock in the afternoon.
He never celebrated Christmas.
He never observed Christmas.
Be more optimistic!
I would rather Tom hadn't come.
Everyone is so nice here.
Everyone is so kind here.
Tom opened a restaurant.
Tom opened a store.
Tom opened a shop.
Mary went for a walk.
Mary took a walk.
Mary took a stroll.
Mary went for a stroll.
That's our decision.
The decision is ours.
How many of your students are Canadians?
How often do you see wolves around here?
I believe the answer is straightforward.
I believe that the answer is straightforward.
Tom stopped by the drugstore to buy some medicine.
I currently don't have health insurance.
I didn't like that restaurant very much.
Tom was just three years old when his father died.
Tom was just three when his father died.
It is a movie that mustn't be missed.
His conclusion is one that shouldn't be overlooked.
That is one hell of an opportunity that shouldn't be passed up.
That's the only item in the house that mustn't be sold.
That's not how we do that in Australia.
Being enthusiastic is his best quality.
My little boy gave me his hand.
By the way, Charlie raised his hand.
It's unfair.
Have you been in Boston for a long time?
Tom moved to Boston to live with his grandparents.
How long are you going to be doing that?
Tom never told me anything about his private life.
Tom has never told me anything about his private life.
I took a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
The Tanach is the Jewish Bible.
I really like the sound of the harpsichord.
She begged us to go with her.
He insisted that I go there with him.
She insisted that I go there with her.
He didn't have any problems with him.
She didn't have any problems with her.
He asked me to go to Boston with him.
She asked me to go to Boston with her.
He didn't want anyone to see him with her.
She didn't want anyone to see her with him.
He didn't want me to go to Boston with him.
She didn't want me to go to Boston with her.
He asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with him.
She asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with her.
He wasn't upset with her.
She wasn't upset with him.
He shouldn't go with her.
She shouldn't go with him.
He got friendly with her.
She got friendly with him.
He plays tennis with her.
She plays tennis with him.
He agreed to go with her.
She agreed to go with him.
He went shopping with her.
She went shopping with him.
He must be angry with her.
She must be angry with him.
He doesn't agree with her.
She doesn't agree with him.
He can't keep up with her.
She can't keep up with him.
He wanted a word with her.
She wanted a word with him.
He had a problem with her.
She had a problem with him.
He spent the day with her.
She spent the day with him.
He kept in touch with her.
She kept in touch with him.
He loved to sing with her.
She loved to sing with him.
He saw the movie with her.
She saw the movie with him.
He might do that with her.
She might do that with him.
He isn't working with her.
She isn't working with him.
He isn't friends with her.
She isn't friends with him.
He wants to work with her.
She wants to work with him.
He spoke quietly with her.
She spoke quietly with him.
He wasn't buried with her.
She wasn't buried with him.
He wants to stay with her.
She wants to stay with him.
He played a game with her.
She played a game with him.
He speaks French with her.
She speaks French with him.
He liked working with her.
She liked working with him.
He caught a ride with her.
She caught a ride with him.
He did something with her.
She did something with him.
He went to church with her.
She went to church with him.
He used to go out with her.
She used to go out with him.
He soon caught up with her.
She soon caught up with him.
He picked a fight with her.
She picked a fight with him.
He got very angry with her.
She got very angry with him.
He became friends with her.
She became friends with him.
He went on a date with her.
She went on a date with him.
He split the bill with her.
She split the bill with him.
He wanted to talk with her.
She wanted to talk with him.
He sat at the bar with her.
She sat at the bar with him.
He got in the car with her.
She got in the car with him.
He asked me to go with her.
She asked me to go with him.
He changed places with her.
She changed places with him.
He hates shopping with her.
She hates shopping with him.
He often quarrels with her.
She often quarrels with him.
He goes to school with her.
She goes to school with him.
He went to school with her.
She went to school with him.
He tried to argue with her.
She tried to argue with him.
He began flirting with her.
She began flirting with him.
He worked closely with her.
She worked closely with him.
He discussed that with her.
She discussed that with him.
He wanted to meet with her.
She wanted to meet with him.
He left the party with her.
She left the party with him.
He agreed to meet with her.
She agreed to meet with him.
He went to Boston with her.
She went to Boston with him.
He urged me to go with her.
She urged me to go with him.
He asked us to go with her.
She asked us to go with him.
He studied French with her.
She studied French with him.
He didn't do that with her.
She didn't do that with him.
He came to Boston with her.
She came to Boston with him.
He wasn't working with her.
She wasn't working with him.
He stayed at home with her.
She stayed at home with him.
He needs to check with her.
She needs to check with him.
He should've gone with her.
She should've gone with him.
He waited in line with her.
She waited in line with him.
He left in a taxi with her.
She left in a taxi with him.
He refused to sit with her.
She refused to sit with him.
He stayed in touch with her.
She stayed in touch with him.
He must be furious with her.
She must be furious with him.
He had an argument with her.
She had an argument with him.
He had a nice chat with her.
She had a nice chat with him.
He had a long talk with her.
She had a long talk with him.
He gets along well with her.
He enjoyed talking with her.
He can't get along with her.
She can't get along with him.
He started a fight with her.
She started a fight with him.
He had a big fight with her.
She had a big fight with him.
He gets along fine with her.
She gets along fine with him.
He tried to reason with her.
She tried to reason with him.
He ran to catch up with her.
She ran to catch up with him.
He decided to stay with her.
She decided to stay with him.
He wanted to speak with her.
She wanted to speak with him.
He exchanged seats with her.
She exchanged seats with him.
He plays in a band with her.
She plays in a band with him.
He secretly agreed with her.
She secretly agreed with him.
He went to the zoo with her.
She went to the zoo with him.
He wanted to dance with her.
She wanted to dance with him.
He refused to work with her.
She refused to work with him.
He spent some time with her.
She spent some time with him.
He became obsessed with her.
She became obsessed with him.
He became involved with her.
She became involved with him.
He became friendly with her.
She became friendly with him.
He started talking with her.
She started talking with him.
He didn't break up with her.
She didn't break up with him.
He had fun talking with her.
She had fun talking with him.
He had fun dancing with her.
She had fun dancing with him.
He had no problems with her.
She had no problems with him.
He got in the boat with her.
She got in the boat with him.
He drove to Boston with her.
She drove to Boston with him.
He wanted to study with her.
She wanted to study with him.
He likes going out with her.
She likes going out with him.
He still hangs out with her.
She still hangs out with him.
He loves gossiping with her.
She loves gossiping with him.
He watched a movie with her.
She watched a movie with him.
He didn't get angry with her.
She didn't get angry with him.
He should've danced with her.
She should've danced with him.
He made eye contact with her.
She made eye contact with him.
He fell out of love with her.
She fell out of love with him.
He went to the park with her.
He got into the car with her.
She got into the car with him.
He entered the room with her.
She entered the room with him.
He tried to keep up with her.
She tried to keep up with him.
He just wants to be with her.
She just wants to be with him.
He sat on the bench with her.
She sat on the bench with him.
He co-wrote a paper with her.
She co-wrote a paper with him.
He went to the mall with her.
She went to the mall with him.
He didn't get along with her.
She didn't get along with him.
He likes doing that with her.
She likes doing that with him.
He likes to do that with her.
She likes to do that with him.
He finally broke up with her.
She finally broke up with him.
He wanted to go out with her.
She wanted to go out with him.
He kept on flirting with her.
She kept on flirting with him.
He often eats lunch with her.
She often eats lunch with him.
He went on one date with her.
She went on one date with him.
He cut off all ties with her.
She cut off all ties with him.
He may speak French with her.
She may speak French with him.
He went on a picnic with her.
She went on a picnic with him.
He went to the lake with her.
She went to the lake with him.
He frequently speaks with her.
She frequently speaks with him.
He doesn't get along with her.
She doesn't get along with him.
He got back together with her.
She got back together with him.
He wants to break up with her.
She wants to break up with him.
He exchanged glances with her.
She exchanged glances with him.
He didn't have to go with her.
She didn't have to go with him.
He finally caught up with her.
She finally caught up with him.
He made dinner plans with her.
She made dinner plans with him.
He didn't want to go with her.
She didn't want to go with him.
He had lunch outside with her.
She had lunch outside with him.
He wanted to do that with her.
She wanted to do that with him.
He and I are friends with her.
She and I are friends with him.
He didn't go jogging with her.
She didn't go jogging with him.
He stayed in the car with her.
She stayed in the car with him.
He soon fell in love with her.
She soon fell in love with him.
He didn't need to go with her.
She didn't need to go with him.
He went snowmobiling with her.
She went snowmobiling with him.
He always eats lunch with her.
She always eats lunch with him.
He often eats dinner with her.
She often eats dinner with him.
He likes hanging out with her.
She likes hanging out with him.
He didn't want to be with her.
She didn't want to be with him.
He decided not to go with her.
She decided not to go with him.
He went to Australia with her.
She went to Australia with him.
He really is in love with her.
She really is in love with him.
He wasn't told to go with her.
She wasn't told to go with him.
He plans to go skiing with her.
She plans to go skiing with him.
He likes taking walks with her.
She likes taking walks with him.
He had a big argument with her.
She had a big argument with him.
He doesn't want to go with her.
She doesn't want to go with him.
He can't get in touch with her.
She can't get in touch with him.
He wanted to hang out with her.
She wanted to hang out with him.
He went to the circus with her.
She went to the circus with him.
He and the others are with her.
She and the others are with him.
He went to the museum with her.
She went to the museum with him.
He must be very angry with her.
She must be very angry with him.
He hurried to keep up with her.
She hurried to keep up with him.
He ought to have gone with her.
She ought to have gone with him.
He might be in Boston with her.
She might be in Boston with him.
He might go to Boston with her.
She might go to Boston with him.
He often plays guitar with her.
She often plays guitar with him.
He had a conversation with her.
She had a conversation with him.
He enjoys hanging out with her.
She enjoys hanging out with him.
He no longer goes out with her.
She no longer goes out with him.
He wants to play golf with her.
He needs to stay here with her.
She needs to stay here with him.
He might've done that with her.
She might've done that with him.
He may have done that with her.
She may have done that with him.
He sometimes eats out with her.
She sometimes eats out with him.
He doesn't have to go with her.
She doesn't have to go with him.
He always seems to be with her.
She always seems to be with him.
He visited the museum with her.
She visited the museum with him.
He used to play tennis with her.
He used to enjoy being with her.
He likes spending time with her.
She likes spending time with him.
He had to go to Boston with her.
She had to go to Boston with him.
He got used to working with her.
She got used to working with him.
He doesn't quite agree with her.
She doesn't quite agree with him.
He didn't want to work with her.
She didn't want to work with him.
He wants to be friends with her.
She wants to be friends with him.
He went to the theater with her.
She went to the theater with him.
He wanted to stay home with her.
She wanted to stay home with him.
He hurried to catch up with her.
She hurried to catch up with him.
He didn't want to talk with her.
She didn't want to talk with him.
He wants to spend time with her.
She wants to spend time with him.
He went to high school with her.
She went to high school with him.
He seems to be in love with her.
She seems to be in love with him.
He didn't try to argue with her.
She didn't try to argue with him.
He might've been happy with her.
She might've been happy with him.
He didn't want to deal with her.
She didn't want to deal with him.
He became best friends with her.
She became best friends with him.
He spent the afternoon with her.
She spent the afternoon with him.
He spent a lot of time with her.
She spent a lot of time with him.
He decided to break up with her.
She decided to break up with him.
He couldn't wait to be with her.
She couldn't wait to be with him.
He stayed on the phone with her.
She stayed on the phone with him.
He began spending time with her.
She began spending time with him.
He wanted to eat lunch with her.
She wanted to eat lunch with him.
He should've done that with her.
She should've done that with him.
He had a picture taken with her.
She had a picture taken with him.
He stayed in the house with her.
She stayed in the house with him.
He went roller skating with her.
She went roller skating with him.
He wanted to play golf with her.
She wanted to play golf with him.
He won't want to dance with her.
She won't want to dance with him.
He often speaks French with her.
She often speaks French with him.
He went out for a walk with her.
She went out for a walk with him.
He goes to high school with her.
She goes to high school with him.
He became good friends with her.
She became good friends with him.
He used to go to school with her.
She used to go to school with him.
He spends a lot of time with her.
She spends a lot of time with him.
He seems to be involved with her.
She seems to be involved with him.
He often goes for walks with her.
She often goes for walks with him.
He just can't get along with her.
She just can't get along with him.
He gets along very well with her.
She gets along very well with him.
He discussed the matter with her.
She discussed the matter with him.
He didn't want to argue with her.
She didn't want to argue with him.
He wants to do business with her.
She wants to do business with him.
He wants to have a talk with her.
She wants to have a talk with him.
He wants to go shopping with her.
She wants to go shopping with him.
He arrived at the party with her.
She arrived at the party with him.
He walked down the hall with her.
She walked down the hall with him.
He had another argument with her.
She had another argument with him.
He had problems dealing with her.
She had problems dealing with him.
He isn't really in love with her.
She isn't really in love with him.
He isn't going to argue with her.
She isn't going to argue with him.
He could barely keep up with her.
She could barely keep up with him.
He might go to the game with her.
She might go to the game with him.
He might've had a fight with her.
She might've had a fight with him.
He may have had a fight with her.
She may have had a fight with him.
He didn't want to speak with her.
She didn't want to speak with him.
He insisted on speaking with her.
She insisted on speaking with him.
He wanted to spend time with her.
She wanted to spend time with him.
He wants to play tennis with her.
She wants to play tennis with him.
He enjoys spending time with her.
She enjoys spending time with him.
He spent all day Monday with her.
She spent all day Monday with him.
He won't likely do that with her.
She won't likely do that with him.
He decided to cooperate with her.
She decided to cooperate with him.
He enjoys playing chess with her.
She enjoys playing chess with him.
He asked me if I agreed with her.
She asked me if I agreed with him.
He almost always agrees with her.
She almost always agrees with him.
He wanted me to do that with her.
She wanted me to do that with him.
He wanted to be friends with her.
She wanted to be friends with him.
He never discussed that with her.
She never discussed that with him.
He doesn't want to play with her.
She doesn't want to play with him.
He doesn't like talking with her.
She doesn't like talking with him.
He decided to go skiing with her.
She decided to go skiing with him.
You pride yourself on being pedantic, don't you?
He struggled to keep up with her.
She struggled to keep up with him.
He wants to get in touch with her.
She wants to get in touch with him.
He had a score to settle with her.
She had a score to settle with him.
He discussed the problem with her.
She discussed the problem with him.
He couldn't get in touch with her.
She couldn't get in touch with him.
He doesn't want to argue with her.
She doesn't want to argue with him.
He started singing along with her.
She started singing along with him.
He tried to make friends with her.
He got into the elevator with her.
She got into the elevator with him.
He wasn't really in love with her.
She wasn't really in love with him.
He discussed the details with her.
She discussed the details with him.
He had fun playing cards with her.
She had fun playing cards with him.
He had a heated argument with her.
She had a heated argument with him.
He tried to get in touch with her.
She tried to get in touch with him.
He enjoyed spending time with her.
She enjoyed spending time with him.
He chose to go to Boston with her.
She chose to go to Boston with him.
He usually speaks French with her.
She usually speaks French with him.
He likes studying French with her.
She likes studying French with him.
He got on the motorcycle with her.
She got on the motorcycle with him.
He and I'll go to Boston with her.
She and I'll go to Boston with him.
He might've gone surfing with her.
She might've gone surfing with him.
He might go to the dance with her.
She might go to the dance with him.
He may have gone surfing with her.
She may have gone surfing with him.
He always seems to agree with her.
She always seems to agree with him.
He should've walked home with her.
She should've walked home with him.
He might drive to Boston with her.
She might drive to Boston with him.
He had nothing in common with her.
She had nothing in common with him.
He wanted to play tennis with her.
She wanted to play tennis with him.
He wanted to go shopping with her.
She wanted to go shopping with him.
He isn't sure what to do with her.
She isn't sure what to do with him.
He doesn't want to fight with her.
She doesn't want to fight with him.
He seems to be irritated with her.
She seems to be irritated with him.
He doesn't want to dance with her.
She doesn't want to dance with him.
He always goes to church with her.
She always goes to church with him.
He didn't go to the mall with her.
She didn't go to the mall with him.
He sometimes plays tennis with her.
She sometimes plays tennis with him.
He decided to make a deal with her.
She decided to make a deal with him.
He maintained eye contact with her.
She maintained eye contact with him.
He didn't want to be seen with her.
She didn't want to be seen with him.
He discussed that problem with her.
She discussed that problem with him.
He had no desire to argue with her.
She had no desire to argue with him.
He just got off the phone with her.
She just got off the phone with him.
He didn't intend to argue with her.
He wanted to go to Boston with her.
She wanted to go to Boston with him.
He agreed to go to Boston with her.
She agreed to go to Boston with him.
He refused to shake hands with her.
She refused to shake hands with him.
I went to a class on solipsism and nobody was there but me.
He had a violent argument with her.
She had a violent argument with him.
He didn't want to do that with her.
She didn't want to do that with him.
He still wants to do that with her.
She still wants to do that with him.
He may not come to Boston with her.
She may not come to Boston with him.
He usually seems to agree with her.
She usually seems to agree with him.
He wanted to get in touch with her.
She wanted to get in touch with him.
I went to a class on solipsism and there was nobody but me there.
He really wanted to dance with her.
She really wanted to dance with him.
He doesn't want to go out with her.
She doesn't want to go out with him.
He wanted to study French with her.
She wanted to study French with him.
He left about an hour ago with her.
She left about an hour ago with him.
He went on a camping trip with her.
She went on a camping trip with him.
He should've been dancing with her.
She should've been dancing with him.
He usually walks to school with her.
She usually walks to school with him.
He doesn't want to be seen with her.
She doesn't want to be seen with him.
He spoke about the problem with her.
She spoke about the problem with him.
He spent the whole morning with her.
She spent the whole morning with him.
He rode up in the elevator with her.
She rode up in the elevator with him.
He didn't get on the train with her.
She didn't get on the train with him.
He had no desire to go out with her.
She had no desire to go out with him.
He seems to get along fine with her.
She seems to get along fine with him.
He might come to the party with her.
She might come to the party with him.
He enjoyed going for walks with her.
She enjoyed going for walks with him.
He didn't want to go there with her.
She didn't want to go there with him.
He used to be best friends with her.
She used to be best friends with him.
He seemed to enjoy talking with her.
She seemed to enjoy talking with him.
He didn't discuss the plan with her.
She didn't discuss the plan with him.
He had reasons to be upset with her.
She had reasons to be upset with him.
He felt pretty comfortable with her.
She felt pretty comfortable with him.
He won't likely go jogging with her.
She won't likely go jogging with him.
He should've gone shopping with her.
She should've gone shopping with him.
He refused to go to Boston with her.
She refused to go to Boston with him.
He doesn't want to do that with her.
She doesn't want to do that with him.
He didn't need to go there with her.
She didn't need to go there with him.
He didn't have to go there with her.
She didn't have to go there with him.
He tried to get in contact with her.
She tried to get in contact with him.
He started falling in love with her.
She started falling in love with him.
He didn't enjoy doing that with her.
She didn't enjoy doing that with him.
He often goes to the movies with her.
He decided not to go hiking with her.
She decided not to go hiking with him.
He used to like hanging out with her.
She used to like hanging out with him.
He should've gone to Boston with her.
She should've gone to Boston with him.
He wants to spend more time with her.
She wants to spend more time with him.
He hoped to patch things up with her.
She hoped to patch things up with him.
He returned to Boston to be with her.
She returned to Boston to be with him.
He struck up a conversation with her.
She struck up a conversation with him.
He wants me to go to Boston with her.
She wants me to go to Boston with him.
He promised to go to Boston with her.
She promised to go to Boston with him.
He seemed to get along fine with her.
She seemed to get along fine with him.
He didn't seem to get along with her.
She didn't seem to get along with him.
He didn't want to play golf with her.
She didn't want to play golf with him.
He doesn't like to hang out with her.
She doesn't like to hang out with him.
He had fallen madly in love with her.
She had fallen madly in love with him.
He watched the evening news with her.
She watched the evening news with him.
He suggested I go to Boston with her.
She suggested I go to Boston with him.
He knew something was wrong with her.
She knew something was wrong with him.
He knew better than to argue with her.
He doesn't enjoy hanging out with her.
She doesn't enjoy hanging out with him.
He had some problems dealing with her.
She had some problems dealing with him.
He traveled around the world with her.
She traveled around the world with him.
He doesn't know what's wrong with her.
She doesn't know what's wrong with him.
He didn't discuss the matter with her.
She didn't discuss the matter with him.
He still seems to be in love with her.
She still seems to be in love with him.
He went to elementary school with her.
She went to elementary school with him.
He wanted to go to the beach with her.
She wanted to go to the beach with him.
He spent Christmas in Boston with her.
She spent Christmas in Boston with him.
He wanted to spend more time with her.
She wanted to spend more time with him.
He hasn't ever played tennis with her.
She hasn't ever played tennis with him.
He wanted me to go to Boston with her.
She wanted me to go to Boston with him.
He still wants to go sailing with her.
She still wants to go sailing with him.
He wants you to go to Boston with her.
She wants you to go to Boston with him.
He went to the shopping mall with her.
She went to the shopping mall with him.
He doesn't want to play golf with her.
She doesn't want to play golf with him.
He doesn't want to go skiing with her.
She doesn't want to go skiing with him.
He went to the train station with her.
She went to the train station with him.
He knows better than to fight with her.
She knows better than to fight with him.
He ran like crazy to catch up with her.
She ran like crazy to catch up with him.
He spent the entire afternoon with her.
She spent the entire afternoon with him.
He didn't want anything to do with her.
She didn't want anything to do with him.
He couldn't stand being alone with her.
She couldn't stand being alone with him.
He didn't know what was wrong with her.
She didn't know what was wrong with him.
He tried to settle the matter with her.
She tried to settle the matter with him.
He left about three hours ago with her.
She left about three hours ago with him.
He didn't want to go swimming with her.
She didn't want to go swimming with him.
He didn't discuss the problem with her.
She didn't discuss the problem with him.
He hoped to get back together with her.
She hoped to get back together with him.
He really didn't want to work with her.
She really didn't want to work with him.
He probably shouldn't do that with her.
She probably shouldn't do that with him.
He didn't want to play tennis with her.
She didn't want to play tennis with him.
He didn't want to go shopping with her.
She didn't want to go shopping with him.
He finally decided to break up with her.
She finally decided to break up with him.
He couldn't help getting angry with her.
She couldn't help getting angry with him.
He doesn't want to go to lunch with her.
She doesn't want to go to lunch with him.
He didn't want to go to Boston with her.
She didn't want to go to Boston with him.
He used to spend a lot of time with her.
She used to spend a lot of time with him.
He had fun walking in the park with her.
She had fun walking in the park with him.
He doesn't like playing tennis with her.
She doesn't like playing tennis with him.
He spent a lot of time talking with her.
She spent a lot of time talking with him.
He doesn't want to play tennis with her.
She doesn't want to play tennis with him.
He went to Boston last weekend with her.
She went to Boston last weekend with him.
He spent three weeks in Boston with her.
She spent three weeks in Boston with him.
He walked part of the way home with her.
She walked part of the way home with him.
He almost always speaks French with her.
She almost always speaks French with him.
He spent the weekend in Boston with her.
She spent the weekend in Boston with him.
He might not come to Australia with her.
She might not come to Australia with him.
He used to go mountain climbing with her.
He just can't seem to get along with her.
She just can't seem to get along with him.
He didn't really want to go out with her.
She didn't really want to go out with him.
He wants to discuss the problem with her.
She wants to discuss the problem with him.
He came to the party last night with her.
She came to the party last night with him.
He fell head over heels in love with her.
She fell head over heels in love with him.
He doesn't really enjoy singing with her.
She doesn't really enjoy singing with him.
He didn't seem to enjoy talking with her.
She didn't seem to enjoy talking with him.
He isn't likely to go to Boston with her.
She isn't likely to go to Boston with him.
He hasn't stopped being friends with her.
She hasn't stopped being friends with him.
He seems to really enjoy talking with her.
She seems to really enjoy talking with him.
He didn't expect to fall in love with her.
She didn't expect to fall in love with him.
He really wanted to go to Boston with her.
She really wanted to go to Boston with him.
He didn't want me to go shopping with her.
She didn't want me to go shopping with him.
He knows better than to disagree with her.
She knows better than to disagree with him.
He suggested that I go to Boston with her.
She suggested that I go to Boston with him.
He told me I should go to Boston with her.
She told me I should go to Boston with him.
He tried not to make eye contact with her.
She tried not to make eye contact with him.
He went to the hospital to speak with her.
She went to the hospital to speak with him.
He knew that something was wrong with her.
She knew that something was wrong with him.
He seems to always get along well with her.
She seems to always get along well with him.
He had no intention of quarreling with her.
He wanted to go over a few things with her.
She wanted to go over a few things with him.
He wanted to spend New Year's Eve with her.
She wanted to spend New Year's Eve with him.
He found it difficult to get along with her.
She found it difficult to get along with him.
He wanted to spend some time alone with her.
She wanted to spend some time alone with him.
He always seems to be on the phone with her.
She always seems to be on the phone with him.
He should probably spend more time with her.
She should probably spend more time with him.
He didn't want to go to the circus with her.
She didn't want to go to the circus with him.
He didn't even discuss the problem with her.
She didn't even discuss the problem with him.
He doesn't want to go to the dance with her.
She doesn't want to go to the dance with him.
He wasn't supposed to go to Boston with her.
She wasn't supposed to go to Boston with him.
He hesitated to discuss the subject with her.
She hesitated to discuss the subject with him.
He doesn't really enjoy hanging out with her.
She doesn't really enjoy hanging out with him.
He certainly seems to enjoy talking with her.
She certainly seems to enjoy talking with him.
He suggested that I go to the store with her.
He didn't want to go back to Boston with her.
She didn't want to go back to Boston with him.
He asked me to go to the supermarket with her.
She asked me to go to the supermarket with him.
He wanted to spend more time talking with her.
She wanted to spend more time talking with him.
He and I both wanted to go to Boston with her.
She and I both wanted to go to Boston with him.
He rides the bus to school every day with her.
She rides the bus to school every day with him.
He ought to know better than to argue with her.
She ought to know better than to argue with him.
He didn't want to spend any more time with her.
She didn't want to spend any more time with him.
He doesn't want to have anything to do with her.
She doesn't want to have anything to do with him.
He doesn't want to discuss the problem with her.
She doesn't want to discuss the problem with him.
He flew to Boston to spend a few weeks with her.
She flew to Boston to spend a few weeks with him.
He certainly doesn't get along very well with her.
She certainly doesn't get along very well with him.
He couldn't stand to be in the same room with her.
She couldn't stand to be in the same room with him.
He just wants to spend a little more time with her.
She just wants to spend a little more time with him.
He intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon with her.
She intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon with him.
He should've known better than to get involved with her.
She should've known better than to get involved with him.
He certainly seems to be spending a lot of time with her.
She certainly seems to be spending a lot of time with him.
He gave her a bracelet for her birthday.
He insulted her and her husband.
He knew that she'd done her best.
She knew that he'd done his best.
He asked her who her boyfriend was.
She asked him who his girlfriend was.
He wondered where she hid her keys.
She wondered where he hid his keys.
He thought she was wasting her time.
She thought he was wasting his time.
He asked her to lend him her pencil.
She asked him to lend her his pencil.
He doesn't know why she quit her job.
She doesn't know why he quit his job.
Her asked her about her new boyfriend.
She asked him about his new girlfriend.
He knew where she'd parked her car.
She knew where he'd parked his car.
He asked her to send him her picture.
She asked him to send her his picture.
He wanted her to tell him her opinion.
She wanted him to tell her his opinion.
He told her that he didn't like her.
She told him that she didn't like him.
He knew she wouldn't let him kiss her.
She knew he wouldn't let her kiss him.
He thought she'd be in her office.
She thought he'd be in his office.
He isn't sure where he parked his car.
She isn't sure where she parked her car.
He knew why she wanted to quit her job.
She knew why he wanted to quit his job.
He asked her how she liked her new job.
She asked him how he liked his new job.
He knew that she wanted him to help her.
She knew that he wanted her to help him.
He knew she couldn't do that on her own.
She knew he couldn't do that on his own.
He was afraid she might change her mind.
She was afraid he might change his mind.
He asked her where she'd parked her car.
She asked him where she'd parked his car.
He persuaded her to lend him her new car.
She persuaded him to lend her his new car.
He wanted her to invite him to her party.
She wanted him to invite her to his party.
He helped her with her luggage.
She helped him with his luggage.
He thanked her for her support.
She thanked him for his support.
He drove her back to her place.
She drove him back to his place.
He asked her for her autograph.
She asked him for his autograph.
He thanked her for all her help.
He helped her with her homework.
She helped him with his homework.
He wanted her to clean her room.
She wanted him to clean his room.
He asked her to lower her voice.
She asked him to lower his voice.
He followed her into her office.
She followed him into his office.
He helped her pick up her stuff.
She helped him pick up his stuff.
He helped her find her daughter.
She helped him find his daughter.
He told her not to sell her car.
She told him not to sell his car.
He saw her studying at her desk.
She saw him studying at his desk.
He found her crying in her room.
She found him crying in his room.
He helped her put on her jacket.
She helped him put on his jacket.
He helped her pack her suitcase.
She helped him pack his suitcase.
He helped her pick up her books.
She helped him pick up his books.
He asked her where her house was.
She asked him where his house was.
He didn't thank her for her help.
She didn't thank him for his help.
He helped her on with her jacket.
She helped him on with his jacket.
He saw her working in her garden.
She saw him working in his garden.
He asked her to not quit her job.
He gave her a hug and kissed her.
She gave him a hug and kissed him.
He told her to enjoy her day off.
She told him to enjoy his day off.
He helped her take off her shoes.
She helped him take off his shoes.
He helped her take her shoes off.
She helped him take his shoes off.
He told her to put her toys away.
She told him to put his toys away.
He carried her up to her bedroom.
She carried him up to his bedroom.
He helped her take off her jacket.
She helped him take off his jacket.
He helped her carry her suitcases.
She helped him carry his suitcases.
He heard her talking in her sleep.
She heard him talking in his sleep.
He asked her for her phone number.
She asked him for his phone number.
He's helping her do her homework.
She's helping him do his homework.
He helped her off with her jacket.
She helped him off with his jacket.
He told her not to waste her time.
She told him not to waste his time.
He baked her a cake for her party.
She baked him a cake for his party.
He didn't ask her for her opinion.
She didn't ask him for his opinion.
He took her and her daughter home.
She took him and his daughter home.
He hugged her and then kissed her.
She hugged him and then kissed him.
He watched her get out of her car.
She watched him get out of his car.
He heard her talking on her phone.
She heard him talking on his phone.
He asked her what her opinion was.
She asked him what his opinion was.
He thought her was in her bedroom.
She thought him was in his bedroom.
He didn't let her eat her dessert.
She didn't let him eat his dessert.
He often helps her do her homework.
She often helps him do his homework.
He helped her get up from her seat.
She helped him get up from his seat.
He asked her about her grandmother.
She asked him about his grandmother.
He saw her walking towards her car.
She saw him walking towards his car.
He made fun of her behind her back.
She made fun of him behind his back.
He helped her get back on her feet.
She helped him get back on his feet.
He gave her CPR and saved her life.
She gave him CPR and saved his life.
He told her to go back to her room.
She told him to go back to his room.
He heard her practicing her violin.
She heard him practicing his violin.
He was nice to her and her friends.
She was nice to him and his friends.
He drove her back to her apartment.
She drove him back to his apartment.
He asked her to explain her answer.
She asked him to explain his answer.
He persuaded her to change her mind.
She persuaded him to change his mind.
He asked her to take her jacket off.
She asked him to take his jacket off.
He agreed to help her with her work.
She agreed to help him with his work.
He asked her what her last name was.
She asked him what his last name was.
He talked about her behind her back.
She talked about him behind his back.
He wants her to use her imagination.
She wants him to use his imagination.
He's helping her with her research.
She's helping him with his research.
He forgave her breaking her promise.
She forgave him breaking his promise.
He offered to help her wash her car.
She offered to help him wash his car.
He talked her into quitting her job.
He had fun with her and her friends.
She had fun with him and his friends.
He saw her coming out of her office.
She saw him coming out of his office.
He has asked her to change her mind.
She has asked him to change his mind.
He advised her to keep her promises.
He was waiting for her on her porch.
