That has happened to me several times.
What happened was a misunderstanding.
That's scheduled to happen on Monday.
That kind of thing happens every day.
It has happened at least three times.
Things aren't happening fast enough.
That's exactly what's happening now.
That's been happening every morning.
Something very unusual has happened.
Do you really think it won't happen?
That's what happened here on Monday.
Tom knows everything that happened.
There's always something happening.
That happened on several occasions.
Let's wait and see if that happens.
Do you think it won't happen again?
Do you still think it won't happen?
The same thing happened on Monday.
Something similar happened to Tom.
What happened here was a mistake.
That's not exactly what happened.
Remember what happened last year.
Neither of those things happened.
It's interesting how it happened.
I'm telling you nothing happened.
Hopefully, it won't happen again.
What's happening here is absurd.
What's happened in the meantime?
What has actually happened here?
We're scared it'll happen again.
Tom's aware of what's happening.
There's not much happening here.
I think that's what's happening.
Tom insisted it never happened.
The same thing happened Monday.
That's happening far too often.
That never happened, of course.
That all happened before lunch.
None of that actually happened.
It won't just happen overnight.
I hope this won't happen again.
You never know what'll happen.
What happened can't be undone.
We've seen that happen before.
Tom wasn't sure what happened.
That's why it hasn't happened.
That's not what happened here.
Something incredible happened.
Many bad things have happened.
I think it won't happen again.
An awful thing happened today.
What's likely to happen next?
What's happened to the money?
What happened was a disgrace.
What happened isn't a secret.
What happened in the meeting?
We're sorry that it happened.
This must never happen again.
That's happened to me before.
That won't happen again soon.
That happened just last week.
It's not happening right now.
It's funny how things happen.
It happened again last night.
I'm not sure how it happened.
I think that's what happened.
You can't help what happens.
Why is this happening again?
What's likely to happen now?
This is happening too often.
Things like that can happen.
That's what usually happens.
That's what needs to happen.
That won't happen this time.
That won't happen on Monday.
That might happen on Monday.
That happened to me as well.
Thanks for making it happen.
It happened early last week.
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm glad it's happening now.
What happened to the money?
We see that it's happening.
We know what happened next.
This sort of thing happens.
This happened for a reason.
Things happen for a reason.
That's what happened to me.
That keeps happening to me.
So much has been happening.
It won't happen right away.
I've seen it happen before.
Why is it still happening?
We can make things happen.
Tom is sure it'll happen.
That may be what happened.
That happens all the time.
Now we know what happened.
It's never happened to me.
It may never happen again.
That hasn't yet happened.
It happened for a reason.
That's unlikely to happen.
Is that likely to happen?
What's likely to happen?
What happened last week?
Let's see if it happens.
It happens now and then.
What's happening today?
Look what has happened.
Look what's happened.
It's likely to happen.
That may not happen.
It'll happen soon.
Apparently you're right.
You would not have needed to take a taxi.
Vikings didn't really wear horned helmets.
May I go buy some ice cream?
Can I go buy some ice cream?
You shouldn't have to do that.
You shouldn't have to wait long.
I didn't have to pay.
I didn't have to do anything.
That's not what I wanted to show you.
That's not what I wanted to tell you.
I think I have a broken rib.
I think that Tom is hiding something.
Tell Tom I have a broken leg.
Tom said you wouldn't go.
I could do with some water.
I could really do with a grilled chicken right now.
Tom often thought about Mary.
Maria named her dog Rex.
We are writing.
Where are you, Charles?
She has a mysterious side.
The actress' skin has makeup on it.
Tonight I will travel for business to Chile.
Doing that would be dangerous.
It would be dangerous to do that.
I want to gain time.
I wish to gain time.
Well, nobody is perfect!
I was just kidding when I said that.
I meant that as a joke.
That's right, since we're taking a walk anyways, I wonder if we could spend a little time walking through the forest too...
years of the Space Age have awarded humanity the prize of a much larger living space and a higher survivability rating.
By the 22nd century, teleportation of large objects, including animals, became a reality.
The First Solar System War in the year devastated parts of Earth.
Luna declared independence from Terra in the year 2231.
Mars declared independence from Terra in the year 2302.
Is this cage meant to protect against sharks?
Please don't shout.
I do not care if our team wins or loses.
Use the International Language (Esperanto).
Sitting all day is bad for you.
Sitting all day is not good for you.
Harnessing the power of the tides could be very helpful to coastal communities.
The horse began to protest as soon as it was hitched to the cart.
Of the bad, one always hears more than of the good.
John is good at math.
I prefer to walk rather than stay here waiting for the bus.
What does PTA mean?
You don't know what Esperanto is?
Latin is not as difficult as Greek.
I have completely forgotten how to speak Spanish.
You can't ever forget how to ride a bicycle.
One can never forget how to ride a bicycle.
In many countries, a parent-teacher association, or PTA, is an organization whose goal is to help parents participate in their child's education.
We are soldiers in France, and we are citizens. Another reason to be proud, to be a citizen! For the poor, this consists in sustaining and preserving the wealthy in their power and their idleness. The poor must work there, before the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the wealthy and the poor alike to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets and to steal bread. That is one of the good effects of the Revolution.
Embrace life!
Go risk your head and think a thought which now no one has had yet; go risk your step and walk a way which now no one has trod yet; that Man may build himself, and not be made by other objects.
Are you ready for spring?
Crimea is Ukraine!
He has gotten fat.
Today is Friday. The weekend starts already tomorrow!
Riding your bike on a path along a river surrounded by forests is really uplifting.
Tom relocated.
Tom moved house.
What did you do until such time?
As for santa, how many are there?
The weekend can't come quick enough.
Was there an affair?
Do you know the movie Avatar?
They have no children, to the best of my knowledge.
How many Santas are there?
Why are you still up? You should get to bed.
Atuqtuaq put the blubber into the wooden box.
Atuqtuaq helps his mother take the blubber from the seal carcass.
Atuqtuaq eats the seal blubber uncooked.
Atuqtuaq habitually speaks Inuktitut and speaks a bit of English.
Atuqtuaq's father drives a snowmobile.
Atuqtuaq is an apprentice at soapstone carving.
Atuqtuaq learns Inuktitut at his school.
Atuqtuaq is excellent at soapstone carving.
Atuqtuaq has lived in the North all his life and has never visited the South.
The continent is pretty sick of this British whining about anything and everything.
Now I am happy!
Please do whatever you find necessary.
Put on your hiking shoes and don't waste time.
That's just what you need now.
The refugees suffered physically and emotionally.
She doesn't keep her children under control.
She has a little black dog.
He was lucky enough to catch the train.
He was fortunate enough to catch the train.
I hate people who talk like that.
She always showed up too soon.
She always arrived too early.
Unfortunately, that is true.
After winter comes spring.
The wet clothes stick to my skin.
How can we get past this crisis?
I won't do it myself. You need to help me.
I can't distinguish between them.
I can't tell them apart.
I lost him in the crowd.
The mouse was running around under the bed.
He lives in New York.
The whole country is talking about it.
There's no magic bullet.
I took back everything I said.
Many young families live in this area.
If I can't have Junior as my child, then no one can!
But, but... she's not my mother!
Ami, what are you doing?
Your father's gone, Ami -- you've got to accept that.
Tom suffers from chronic pain.
Mary is a stay-at-home mom.
Mary is a good friend of Junior's father.
However, Junior's father has a hard time getting Junior to warm up to Mary.
Mary and Junior's father are not big fans of Fetty Wap's music, even claiming that he's "ruined rap forever", meanwhile; Junior absolutely loves his music.
Junior's father can simply not comprehend how the young generation approaches Fetty Wap's music with such ebullience: it eludes him to no end.
The house collapsed.
We live on this long street.
I felt relieved.
I got it off my chest.
She was the love of his life.
I'll get hungry.
I'll be hungry.
Tom was diagnosed with ADHD.
Her words sound strange.
He was the love of her life.
She often said that he was the love of her life.
He is the love of my life.
She is the love of my life.
Allow me to help you.
Cut the bread into diagonal slices the width of a finger.
She has an oval face.
She has a purplish face.
I won't ask why you want that.
Could you lower the volume of the television?
I'm sick of hearing the same thing all the time.
Mary's nose was bleeding.
How many times do I need to repeat it?
I expect him to come to our aid.
You keep to yourself.
Tom grew up in a middle class neighborhood.
I thought that you were smart enough to know better.
I'm rarely invited to parties.
Do you have a big family?
Tom won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
Can you hear the cat? She's wanting in.
His great-grandfather looked ill.
His great-grandfather looked sick.
They missed the early train.
He always repeats the same error.
He always repeats the same mistake.
Tom is naked from the waist up.
He not only speaks English, he speaks French, too.
He not only speaks English, he speaks French as well.
The whole time she kept weaving the napkin.
I am reporting what was reported to me.
Do you have a large family?
The merchant seems to be an honest person.
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.
Tom has high moral standards.
The other girls teased her about her clothes.
I tried in vain to convince her.
Life and death are two sides of the same coin.
Is Tom nearby?
Be satisfied!
He went.
Let us go.
Let us discuss.
You have a lot to learn about women.
You have a lot to learn about men.
You still have a lot to learn about women.
Napoleon's horse was white.
I'm in the pool every day in the summer.
I can feel the heat from here.
Let's discuss your idea.
Let's discuss this over lunch.
The ship disappeared without a trace.
Let's discuss our options.
We need to discuss this with Tom.
Let's not discuss this now.
We should discuss this in private.
I don't want to discuss this now.
He did not find it funny.
She did not find it funny.
She did not find him funny.
Worrying will do you no good.
I wanted to sell it anyway.
I wanted to buy a new one anyway.
I wanted to replace it anyway.
You look very pretty, as usual.
The house was very dusty.
She looked lovely.
My heart was filled with joy.
Mary looked like Belle from the Beauty and the Beast.
Did you watch the Oscars last night?
She lounged by the pool.
This painting is a forgery.
Where did you find that dress?
Tom and Mary built a snow fort in the backyard.
He was talking to a girl.
I saw Tom yesterday in a restaurant. He was talking to a girl.
Tom said that he didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom was found dead in his study.
Who would do such a terrible thing?
Tom was successful in finding a new job in Boston.
Tom succeeded in finding a new job in Boston.
If I fail to find a new job in Boston within months, I will return to Chicago.
I dropped them off at the airport.
Did you take part in the excursion yesterday?
Mary said that her father worked for the city administration.
The students said that they would take three more exams.
We knew that the teacher wouldn't be late.
I knew that she had drawn well in her childhood.
John said that he had met this man at the conference.
Does it matter to you when we come?
That is an exception.
He is not the person these people think he is.
Leonardo DiCaprio won the Oscar for best actor for his role as Hugh Glass in The Revenant.
I have orchids of different shapes and colors.
The first gasoline powered automobile was invented in by Karl Benz.
The Locomotive Act of required cars driving on public roads to be preceded by a man on foot waving a red flag and blowing a horn.
Amédée Bollée built one of the first steam-powered automobiles in 1873.
The diesel engine was invented by Rudolf Diesel.
The German Flocken Elektrowagen, invented in 1888, is considered to be the world's first electric car.
Tom is a bellfounder.
Tom is a bell maker.
Many early cars used a tiller instead of a steering wheel.
Oslo wants to make its center car-free within four years.
We knew Tom wouldn't be late.
Tom is very unlikely to be late.
When was the last time Tom was late?
That's an exception.
I dropped Tom off at the airport.
Tom said he didn't find it funny.
Here you can find now (2016-03-01) sentences written in Toki Pona.
She poured the molten lead into a funnel.
Why did Dan kill himself?
Don't smoke so much.
Don't smoke so heavily.
I'll find the money somehow.
Self-diagnosis can be dangerous.
What goes well with potatoes?
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.
It was Mary's greatest wish to look just like her Barbie doll. The evil genie interpreted this wish too literally.
There are flowers in the houses.
Poetry is an exploration, a revelation, and an invitation for dialogue.
No one understands me.
The dog eats the fish, the bone, the tail, and all.
It seems like grandma is going to be sick...
I like the fresh air.
The dog can be called dog if male and also dog if either male or female.
I have four thousand one hundred and twelve pesos.
The change was nine pesos.
I have a hundred pesos.
Where can I ride a motorcycle?
Titing sells vegetables at the market.
What will I ride towards the town?
How much is my fare?
He feels powerless about his own life.
She devoted all her spare time to fishing.
The light is too dim for me to read easily.
I don't know what to do. I'm just following her.
The very day I got married, my mom died.
I'll call you when I arrive in Boston.
I'll call you when I get to Boston.
He felt compelled to report the incident.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
He is completely clueless.
My mother died on the same day I got married.
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.
A wise leader knows when to listen.
I read my horoscope today.
My mother died the same day I got married.
Tom jogged down the narrow staircases.
Tom loves his daughter's face.
The birthday has to be celebrated in the morning.
You should have applied to culinary school.
Tom has been rejected by three schools.
Tom was messing around with the dishes.
Mary went up to her room and didn't come down, even for supper.
Open your present now.
I've got practice till six anyway.
It's all I could find.
You're too cynical.
You're too careful for your own good.
Thanks for the breakfast and the present.
Don't bite my head off.
You need to get your sleep.
Can I make you some eggs?
Where do you train?
I'm looking into that right now.
You had a close call. You nearly died.
You know I can't give out that kind of information.
I was at the scene when you had your accident.
You were drinking too much the night you rolled your car.
You'll be fine with me.
We'll sort it out later.
Tom recommended this novel to them.
Are you desperate for company?
I'm broke. I need a hot meal.
How long have you been playing pool?
I'm sorry you had to get dragged into this.
They're going to have a lot more questions than we do.
I was with you every step of the way.
You'll stay out of it. You hear me?
I have to clean the equipment, pack it away.
I am getting good vibes from this place.
We hardly ever see you around here.
You must be working all the hours of the day.
Right now she's working as a waitress, but she's looking for a better job.
You should bring her to dinner so we can get to know her better.
How far along is she pregnant?
We're taking it slow.
This isn't what we envisioned for you.
We've got better plans for you.
I was thinking of renting something in town.
I'm theoretically home next weekend.
Have you got anything here I could eat?
Sometimes in the afternoon I get a headache and I feel nauseous.
We're invited to dinner next Saturday.
We have to start looking for a place to live.
You'll be gorgeous.
I've done a little hunting.
What kind of a place will we be able to get?
How are we going to get by?
Tom looked sick.
Tom has gotten fat.
Tom has put on weight.
What's the harm in that?
The meeting lasted one hour.
I know you hate it.
Some of us hate it.
No wonder Tom hates us.
I hate everything about it.
People need to stop hating.
They probably hate me, too.
Tom probably hates me, too.
Tom hates his tiny bedroom.
Tom hates being left alone.
A lot of people hate you already.
I hear Tom is interested.
I've heard that many times.
That's really nice to hear.
Tom hasn't been heard from.
I've heard this joke before.
I haven't heard anything yet.
There's nothing wrong with my hearing.
Tom danced drunk on a table.
Cleopatra was very smart. She spoke at least nine languages.
Someone has been here.
I have always been honest with you. Why do you want to deceive me?
I could never vote for that man.
Don't try to force me!
There may be something wrong with you.
I have something really special and important.
Could you talk to him for me?
Could you talk to her for me?
Could you please turn off the radio for me?
The love I feel for him has already grown cold.
That is how I like it.
"How do you like your coffee?" "Cream and sugar with a splash of brandy. That is how I like it."
Could you talk to Tom for me?
Would you talk to Tom for me?
I'll talk to Tom about this.
Would you mind if I told Tom about this?
I wonder what Tom would think about this.
I wonder what Tom thinks about this.
Wherever this feather lands on the map, that's where I will build my house.
The songs for the sea are melancholics, because the sea have the taste of tears.
Do you have anything here I could eat?
I arrived here a few minutes before you.
I want your help.
I want to help out.
We help each other.
We offered to help.
Can I help you, sir?
How can we help out?
How may we help you?
Is Tom helping Mary?
That helps us a lot.
Will I get any help?
That helps all of us.
That helps out a lot.
Tom tried to help us.
No one was helping us.
Some of you need help.
Tom had a little help.
You need to seek help.
Help us reach our goal.
I still need some help.
I think Tom needs help.
I think that helped me.
It's been a great help.
Please help if you can.
Some of them need help.
Tom had plenty of help.
Tom needs to be helped.
Tom needs to seek help.
Tom says he needs help.
We help each other out.
Here, I'll help you out.
How can you really help?
I just like helping out.
I'd better help Tom out.
Let's see if this helps.
They say they need help.
Tom always lets us help.
Tom helped here as well.
Tom needs a little help.
We're ready to help out.
We're ready to help you.
Will I receive any help?
Tom helped out with that.
Tom really helped me out.
Perhaps we need some help.
Thanks for helping me out.
Thanks for your help, Tom.
We're always here to help.
What Tom did helped a lot.
Help is already on the way.
Tom is only trying to help.
Tom said he wanted my help.
Who have you helped lately?
You've been really helpful.
They're only trying to help.
This money will really help.
Tom is always ready to help.
Tom is trying to be helpful.
What you did was a big help.
Laughter helps ease the pain.
Who have you helped recently?
Sometimes I can't help myself.
This will be extremely helpful.
What Tom did helped quite a bit.
Anything you remember might help.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
I'm supposed to be here all afternoon.
I'm likely to be here all afternoon.
The sun was shining like gold.
The sun shone like gold.
At any rate, do you think you'll be free tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?
I'm in better shape than you are.
Why are you doing this to yourself?
What exactly are you trying to prove?
And he calls himself a sniper!
Tom is learning programming.
Tom is studying web design.
Tom can type very fast.
Tom's new secretary can type very fast.
Tom's new assistant can type very fast.
We will never forget Tom.
Tom and I are very close friends.
Stop trying to make me feel guilty.
Stop trying to make me feel guilty!
Nothing is wrong with you.
Nothing is wrong with you. It's not your fault.
"Where did you eat lunch?" "I ate at a restaurant."
"Where did you have lunch?" "At a restaurant."
Please don't torment me any longer.
Does this mean that you love me?
I don't want to be cruel.
Does this mean that you don't love me anymore?
She's so beautiful.
Do you have this in other sizes?
Do you have this shirt in other sizes?
Does this shirt come in other colors?
Where are fitting rooms?
I wrote a letter to my parents back home.
When I die, let me be buried in my beloved Ukraine, my tomb upon a grave-mound high, amid the wide-spread plain.
Damn, Jackson! You really have a learning disability!
I certainly hope Tom is right.
We're hoping that's not true.
Let's hope Tom stays healthy.
I'm secretly hoping for that.
Let's hope Tom is listening.
I hope people are satisfied.
That's what I'm hoping for.
We're hoping for the best.
I hope that's good enough.
I hope no one was injured.
I hope Tom remembers this.
I sure hope Tom is right.
I hope Tom sticks around.
I really hope I'm wrong.
I hope to see you there.
I hope this is accurate.
I hope that you like it.
We hope people like it.
I hope this isn't true.
I hope that isn't true.
Let's never lose hope.
I hope Tom does that.
Hopefully, we'll win.
We hope you like it.
We hope Tom is OK.
I hope Tom loses.
"Okay, now I've been completely honest with you." "Honest, my ass! I don't believe a single word you say."
I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.
Please kick as hard as you can.
Sorry, I don't follow.
Please forgive me for butchering the pronunciation.
I wanted to talk some more, but she hung up.
We'll never go back there again.
I reacted instinctively.
What's life like for the people of Gaza?
What's life like for Palestinians in Gaza?
Tell us what you think!
Tom was pacing in his room, unable to calm himself down.
Only answer the question. There's not enough time.
Tom ran all the way home.
Laughter is like a windshield wiper. It can't stop the rain, but it lets you move ahead.
It looks like it's just the two of us.
Mary is a textile artist.
Yarn bombing is the practice of covering objects or trees with knitted yarn.
1.billion people around the world lack access to electricity.
Amazon wants to use drones to deliver packages.
Mom, I dropped my toy. Can you get it for me?
Each season has its own beauty.
Tom isn't sure what he wants to do with his life.
Like most eighteen-year-olds, Tom isn't sure what he wants to do with his life.
Tom is a landscape designer.
Most of the peasants living in this godforsaken village are illiterate.
A hydrophone is a microphone designed to be used underwater.
The biologists used a hydrophone to record whale calls.
We need to save up.
The majority of the peasants living in this godforsaken village cannot read nor write.
When you cause problems with the wrong people, those problems will come pay you back, or come back to haunt you.
Mary and I aren't enemies, but we're not friends, either.
Don't push my buttons.
I can't take it anymore!
When are you going to pay me back the money I lent you?
He was dazzled by her good looks.
Tom was dazzled by Mary's good looks.
My first job was at a travel agency, and I didn't like it much.
Her smile made her look even more beautiful.
And now, looking back on the experience, I really learned a lot.
You were beginning to worry me.
Most people like chicken.
Put a smile on your face, and you'll certainly get lots of smiles back.
The tourist unfolded his map.
Tom is muscular and athletic.
The Lone Ranger got on his horse and rode off into the sunset.
We're not friends. We're acquaintances.
Tom didn't try to deny Mary's accusation.
When Sarah decided to move to India and start a new life, she gave away all of her belongings.
We're not friends, we're partners.
We're not friends, we're just coworkers.
When talking with the police, you shouldn't make up stories or lie.
I kept all his clothes from when he was a baby. Do you want them?
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.
Why did Tom kill himself?
Is it true that Tom killed himself?
Is it true that Tom committed suicide?
The other girls in Mary's class teased her about her clothes.
Tom seems to be an honest person.
Please do whatever you think is necessary.
Your name's further down the list.
Mary made her own wedding dress.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
I find it difficult to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
Tom is working as a waiter, but he's looking for a better job.
We hardly ever see you around here anymore.
I don't care if our team wins or not.
Why are you ignoring this simple question?
On the contrary, I'd never say such a thing.
Sitting all day isn't good for you.
Things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there.
When do I need to return the book?
When does the book need to be returned?
"Gee, it sure is boring—" "Oh, for Pete's sake, go do something before I hurt you." "But—" "Now!" "But Zelda—" "You better move fast." "Fine. I'll go—" "Shut up!" "You shut up first!" "Guess again!" "Oh please, Your Highness—" "Alright. Bye, Link." "Where are you going?" "Gamelon. See you in only a whole month. And, Link?" "'Sup?" "I love you." "I know." "Heh."
"Hey, Zelda! What's up? "Nothing, Link." "You sure? I think you wanna kiss, huh?" "I think not."
Everybody has an opinion on this subject.
Apartments are very expensive in New York.
New York apartments are expensive.
Rent control limits the rent that a landlord can charge for an apartment.
That's just a nonsense word. It doesn't mean anything.
I've gotten wary of the gleam in your eye that shows when you've developed a new obsession.
Tom is learning JavaScript.
Tom bought a shawl for his mother.
I saw an interesting program that featured a child movie star who had become a dentist.
That was the funniest line in the whole show.
I do not understand that word in isolation. Could you give me some context?
That's just an extension of an existing idea. There's little novel about it.
Those findings match my own observations.
Target was targeted by cybercriminals.
It's estimated that million debit and credit card numbers were stolen from Target.
The thief snuck in through the window.
The average rent for a Manhattan apartment is about $4,a month.
Swiss banks are very secretive.
The criminals got caught after they posted pictures of themselves on Facebook with stolen goods and money.
Even though it's optional, you should still do the homework.
A man was knocked down by a car when crossing the street, and had to be taken to the hospital.
Several men got angry with Tom in the bar and Tom told them he wasn't afraid to take them on.
They took it out into the street, and Tom let them have it. Tom put them down one by one, and the spectacle really drew a crowd.
Be careful what you wish for. It just might come true.
I don't want to be like that.
Don't go for a walk naked!
Who's the fastest one here?
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it's the truth.
The students of this school are friendly.
The stirrup is a bone in the middle ear, between the anvil and the inner ear.
Making matters worse, she got sick.
I want to see your sister.
Lemons contain citric acid.
I just want you to have it.
Cut the paper into two halves.
Pilots communicate with airport services by radio.
I saw the red light.
That's what I'm hoping.
The question remains unresolved.
This wine is over a year old.
They say he was very rich.
It seems that Tom and Miriam's relationship is having trouble, but we really hope they work it out.
The room I booked for you for the meeting on March has been canceled.
The black box is not actually black.
Tom put in the hard yards to stay fit during the off season.
Ugh, I have to study for tomorrow's test.
I study sometimes!
What do you mean by "sometimes"?
Just answer the question please. We don't have much time.
It'd be nice if tomorrow never came.
The wind sure is cold.
I thought it was something like this. I tried to come because I was worried.
"Could I have some sugar?" "Here you are"
I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.
When I'm sitting in this chair, it's really comfortable.
We should celebrate together.
We should go to the party.
Come on, let's play.
There are a lot of slums in Mexico.
I'm from Budapest.
I'm nothing more than a politician.
When I went to the US, I gained weight.
I was wondering when he would come back.
When is the ship leaving?
Among her classmates, Mary is the laziest.
My future is in your hands.
I didn't understand the point of this.
Do you know who Tom killed?
I have nothing in common with Tom so I don't know what to talk about.
Oh shoot, I forgot about the vocabulary test.
I will eat century egg.
I will eat some sweet chestnuts.
I will eat a chocolate snack.
He was single before.
There has to be a way to solve this.
There's a fog on the road.
I'm not satisfied with the structure of this sentence.
Tom never wanted to divorce again.
He tried to catch the bird but wasn't successful.
The luggage is piled up in the truck.
I'm here. What do you want?
Tom is cooking eggs.
I'm having trouble deciding where to park.
It would be good to eat it while it's hot.
Tom is calm now.
I want you to improve your attitude at work.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary had a driver's license.
Are you going back now?
He had a job interview in English.
Please get into the bath.
I'd like to know what's happening here.
It's not good to sleep with him on the first date.
There are a lot of people that like Anime in Latin America.
Tom had sex with Mary.
He quit school and started staying in his room.
I went to buy a piñata of my favorite anime character.
There are many park fountains that have money in them.
I don't like rainy weather.
What kind of songs does Tom sing at karaoke?
I'm Argentinian.
Tom explained in detail but I don't understand it.
What the hell is this? I can't believe you put sperm in the Omelette Rice.
Japanese Immigration Control is known for being strict with refugees.
A person that knows math is cool and if that person is a woman, it's even cooler.
Big breasts in Japan are considered small by Russian standards.
The computer is often compared to the human brain.
A computer is often compared to a human brain.
Don't be late to school.
Esperantists work for language equality.
Esperanto speakers work for language equality.
When the number is divided by 7, the result is 3.
Might there be life after death?
The story ends with the main character's death.
She dedicated her life to science.
I like being alone, but not feeling like it.
I'm used to no-one liking me, and when someone does, I don't know how to act and I end up ruining it.
Is there anyone that you like right now?
You're wearing short sleeves... aren't you cold?
This feels so good.
How about you take off your coat?
I'm probably not what people expect.
I'm used to no-one liking me.
I really like you with a beard.
He has to go to the bathroom right when the food's being served. He's always doing things at such inconvenient times.
"Which of these cars do you prefer?" "I like the 4th one."
I'm used to no one liking me.
Life has become very hard.
I don't quite understand what you're getting at.
Even the long neck of a giraffe contains only seven vertebrae.
The boy filled his bag with clothes.
He knows a little English.
I can't give in; that's just how I am.
Well, in that area, of course things are different for men and women.
Why does everything go wrong?
I've decided to major in French in college.
My name is Ichiro.
Closing your eyes helps you think better.
What do they call him?
Tell my father that I've arrived.
The truth is, I don't have any problem with it.
I know that you don't want to talk to me.
He's always laughing and having fun.
Oh no! He fell down!
Are you guys doing well?
Is everything going well with everyone?
Is it really true?!
Are you for real?!
Ramudu went to school.
Read this in the evening.
Have you completed your homework?
Is your homework done?
Is your homework finished?
It turned out that some Russian athletes have used a new stimulant called "meldonium".
This isn't football, this is soccer!
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.
I always thought it was weird.
I always thought that was weird.
The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught.
Science has many branches.
We earn our bread by working.
He is not happy, in other words he is sad.
Why are you able to explain things so well?
Why are you so good at explaining things?
Tom is way off the mark.
Hopefully, that's not the case.
Hopefully, we'll see Tom today.
Hopefully, things will work out.
I hope I'm not the only one who'll be there.
Where are you hiding now?
Are there any hidden fees?
What else are they hiding?
Where has Tom been hiding?
I'm not hiding from anybody.
Tom is probably still hiding.
Tom has hired a lawyer.
Somebody needs to hire Tom.
I'm not holding my breath.
Everyone's holding their breath.
Hunting season is over.
Tom was in no hurry.
No one else was hurt.
My leg is still hurting.
I'm not angry, just hurt.
Tom said nobody was hurt.
You can't hurt me anymore.
Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't understand it.
Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't get it.
What do they call her?
What do they call it?
What do they say for this?
I know that this is strange.
She is awake.
Silence is not agreement.
Enough water is a necessary condition for life.
I'm not the only one who doesn't like Tom.
I'm afraid I've set a bad example.
I'm not sure where Tom is.
I'm glad that Tom is here.
I'm not moving to Boston.
I'm trying my best here.
I'm really sick of this.
I'm not ashamed of that.
I'm kind of new at this.
I'm just taking my time.
I'm just not very happy.
I'm good at many things.
I'm all alone right now.
I'm actually a nice guy.
I'm a pretty honest guy.
I'm very proud of that.
I'm very happy with it.
I'm sure they need you.
I'm scared for my kids.
I'm real proud of that.
I'm proud of this team.
I'm proud of my family.
I'm not worried at all.
I'm not talking to Tom.
I'm not married to Tom.
I'm not mad at anybody.
I'm not at all worried.
I'm not a night person.
I'm glad we were there.
I'm glad people saw it.
I'm focusing on my job.
I'm a pretty lucky guy.
I'm a big football fan.
I'm sure Tom is proud.
I'm sad to be leaving.
I'm real proud of Tom.
I'm proud of our team.
I'm on the honor roll.
I'm not here for that.
I'm not happy with it.
I'm not bitter at all.
I'm not a wealthy man.
I'm not a bad student.
I'm kind of into that.
I'm glad that Tom won.
I'm anxious to see it.
I'm a real simple guy.
I'm a bit worried now.
I'm scared of snakes.
I'm ready to respond.
I'm not used to that.
I'm not lying to you.
I'm not always right.
I'm happy about that.
I'm glad you replied.
I'm glad Tom is here.
I'm quite happy now.
I'm not rich enough.
I'm not ready to go.
I'm a sound sleeper.
I'm a little bummed.
I'm used to it now.
I'm having a blast.
I'm proud of that.
I'm not the owner.
I'm not a veteran.
I'm happy we won.
I'm glad Tom won.
I'm glad we won.
I'm not picky.
I'm a purist.
He's a guy who's not afraid to tell it like it is.
He's a guy who's not afraid to tell it like it isn't.
This chocolate is very sweet and delicious.
I give a lot to you.
She gives a lot to you.
He gave a lot to me.
He gave money to many.
He gave his help to many.
He gave food to many.
This car uses the most gas.
This car uses more gas than these other two cars.
A truck typically uses more gas than a car.
An SUV typically uses more gas than a car.
That sucks, guys!
Maybe one day you'll understand me.
Our eyes met for a moment.
Our eyes met for an instant.
Where have you been? I've been waiting all night.
This is a story full of intrigue, love, betrayal and secrets.
The olives are harvested in autumn.
The olives are harvested in the fall.
Small beads of sweat are running down my back.
At first sight it seems that this idea is doomed to fail.
Will Donald Trump be the next president of the United States?
Will Hillary Clinton be the next president of the United States?
Who do you think is going to be the next president of the United States?
Nadiya Savchenko is a real living legend.
Let's get to work!
Let's get down to work!
I still believe it.
Curling is my favorite sport.
It could have been much worse.
The critics don't understand a damn thing!
I remember my childhood with pleasure.
I recall my childhood with pleasure.
The famous Gordian Knot was cut with a sword blow.
The famous Gordian Knot was cut with a sword.
Stop questioning me.
Cut the paper in half.
Tom rented out his spare room to a student. The student who rented the room was Mary.
My bra is dirty.
I fully trust our love.
Emina is a girl from Sarajevo.
The Federation of Bosnia-Herzegovina consists of ten cantons.
Becky is by far the best nurse in the whole hospital.
Where is Interlingua spoken?
Emina has a new swimsuit.
Soon he will do business abroad.
He was in a terrible state.
I like surrealism.
Lee Sedol is the world's best Go player.
Lee Sedol was defeated by Google DeepMind's computer program, Alpha Go.
Go is known as igo in Japan, weiqi in China and baduk in Korea.
That's what the doctor ordered.
That's just what the doctor ordered.
The big dog frightened the baby.
I went too far.
I went over the top.
You're contradicting yourselves.
You've taught me so much.
You were meant for me.
You must stay with me.
You can't sit next to me.
You can sit next to me.
You can sit with me.
You can't sit with me.
What if I'm right?
What if I'm wrong?
What I saw was shocking.
What I saw was depressing.
Having finished the work, he went home.
If I had enough time, I would go to New York City every year.
We're both rich.
We're both not as rich as we wish we were.
We have no other option.
We don't have any other options.
Suddenly, a dog began to bark.
My family needs me and I need my family.
I think what's been happening in South Africa is not what Nelson Mandela wanted.
That's what Tom tells me.
That's music to my ears.
That was tough for me.
That was my point.
That was all I needed.
That makes me so angry.
Thank you for loving me.
Tell me what that is.
Tell me what this is.
Take me home with you.
She bought him a vest.
Could you dust off the table?
Get the boy away from the fire!
Take this home with you.
People were nice to me.
My suitcase is packed.
My suitcase isn't packed yet.
My mother was an alcoholic.
My life's been good.
My life has been good.
My husband lost his job.
My father's name is Tom.
My father was a doctor.
The book is on the shelf.
I would like another beer.
Don't worry. Everything's under control.
Tom managed to escape just in time.
We managed to escape just in time.
Tom and Mary managed to escape just in time.
Fabergé eggs are very valuable.
Tom is an obsessive collector.
Tom claims to have found one of the lost Fabergé eggs.
To be honest, I really don't know.
My children rely on me.
My children need me.
Let me say that again.
It's what I'm used to.
It's what I'm used to doing.
It's too smoky here for me.
It's too smoky in here for me.
It's too noisy here for me.
It's not up to me.
It wasn't just me who didn't like that movie.
It wasn't easy for me.
It wasn't easy for me to do that.
It was a big explosion.
It tastes bitter to me.
It shocked me.
It scared me to death.
It kind of surprised me.
The population of the world increases at a rate of two percent a year.
What is your favourite number?
I ate light.
With great pleasure!
No one is responding.
No one is answering.
No one answers.
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.
Pack your stuffs dear. I ordered plane tickets for us. We will spend honeymoon in Paris.
My wife is Italian.
She looks like a Russian.
I have a boss who's much younger than me.
I will be thirty-five in June.
Many reader reviews on Amazon are fake.
Many consumer reviews of books on Amazon are fake.
Tom had flu-like symptoms.
You're not paying attention.
I'm strongly opposed to a compromise.
I'm firmly opposed to this.
It is getting bigger.
I am afraid of everybody actually.
Human's nature scares me.
I often see people turning against each other all the time, and this really scares me.
All the betrayals in this world scares me.
Many good grades will loom on the horizon.
I expect to be very successful in my studies.
I have the knack for learning languages.
I think that it is really sad that someone could do that for money.
I think prostitutes are victims and troubled girls.
I am lots of fun.
I usually go to concerts or conventions for fun.
I also enjoy writing a lot.
I feel honored to make your acquaintance.
It is a great honor for me to meet you.
May I introduce myself, my name is Lucas.
I've never been hungrier in my life!
Why did you delete my number?
How much will I receive?
How can I protect myself?
How can I overcome this?
Here's what I think.
Have you seen my dog?
Have you seen me dance?
Everything was new to me.
Everyone looked at my feet.
Can you please tell me what's happening?
Can I try one more?
Can I try doing it once more?
Can I still return this?
The cause of Tom's death is still shrouded in mystery.
First, please take about minutes to introduce yourself.
Tom seemed real impressed.
St. Benedict established his first monastery on top of Monte Cassino.
He can run metres in seconds.
He stretched his arm.
The reporter rented an expensive room.
That man, the child of whom is very friendly.
You'd better go to the infirmary.
Steve looks quite happy.
I wish I had brought my computer.
How do you turn off this light?
Mary was sold and resold a total of seven times.
Donald Trump is an embarrassment.
Tom needs time, money, and food.
Tom, Mary, and John need time, money, and food.
My brother Tom's wife Mary's father, John, is visiting from Boston.
Tom enjoys telling jokes.
Tom is here with me now.
Tom is missing a few teeth.
Tom is very witty.
Tom is with me every day.
Tom just wants my money.
Tom knows me very well.
Tom looks quite happy.
Tom loves to tell stories.
Tom never once hit me.
Tom once worked for me.
Tom once worked with me.
Tom taught me how to read.
Tom taught me to read.
Tom thought I was crazy.
Tom told me that today.
Tom told me today that he loved me.
Tom used to be scared of dogs.
Tom used to be scared of me.
Tom used to be scared of snakes.
Tom was better than me.
Tom was friendly to me.
Tom was my only child.
Tom won't know I'm here.
The two dogs treed the raccoon.
Girls like to play house.
Australian Rod Laver is the only tennis player to win the Grand Slam twice — first as an amateur, and again as a professional in the Open Era, when previously amateur-only or professional-only tournaments went open to both amateurs and professionals. He also won the Pro Slam as a "Closed Era" professional, the year before the Open Era began.
The entire ceiling, which was supported by the wall, collapsed together with it.
Yesterday he had written the letter.
For an adventure you do not necessarily have to pay.
The government is corrupt!
I must hide.
The patient was lying in the bed with her eyes closed.
They died one after the other.
I have little money; however, I feel happy with you.
The dogs finally gave up and wandered away from the raccoon.
I just wish I could be at home.
Sara has thirty-one ballpoint pens.
If you hit the coffin, you'll wake up the dead person.
The Argentine president said that diabetes is a disease of people with high purchasing power.
Everyone left except for us.
We were worried that the bullet would lodge in his spine.
Three months were not enough to finish the experiment.
He's the only one who's read this letter.
His heart beat with excitement.
All you do is worry about silly, little things!
People don't believe your silly propaganda!
Try to be playful when you write sentences, as this forum isn't an office!
Latinos can't promote themselves gracefully, kowtowing to others!
You think you're just an old man!
Chinese grammar is less complicated than Tagalog's.
Some Latinos want to learn sinograms.
Despite my related ancestry, I'm not interested in Judaism.
Judaism isn't really the opposite of Christianity.
You're afraid of Buddhism, as you try to cover it with accusations of being Jewish.
Sinograms are a form of mathematics.
What's complicated about their language is the writing, not the grammar, which is reminiscent of a creole.
I must reject your request.
Judaism has more resemblance to Christianity than to Buddhism.
You think Buddhism is something very far away.
Many of you don't travel much and don't travel too far.
You should know the Earth isn't the centre of the cosmos.
Not all things that happen happen on this world.
There are people who don't like talking.
I think your propaganda isn't effective, and you don't even measure the results.
Your propaganda isn't scientific, and it doesn't seem effective.
Your making propaganda seems to indicate that you care greatly what other people think.
Don't you just hate it when street people ask you for money only to buy cigarettes?
Not everything happens only on this world.
The gate opened all by itself.
It is almost time to go home.
God exists, but he forgot the password.
I have been newly appointed as a sales representative.
I can see you've done your research.
Of course Tom doesn't want to serve God and money as well.
I wish my wife could cook.
Tom closed his laptop and stood up.
Mary wore a large hat.
The duchess wore a large hat.
I can't tell where the blood is coming from.
Follow that car!
The mere sight of blood makes him faint.
Tom is squeamish at the sight of blood.
The sight of blood makes me feel queasy and lightheaded.
Our gardener Tom and the charwoman Mary will get married in May.
What are xenoglossia and glossolalia?
My ex-wife started a new life with the tubby postman.
Others say Adil's people are too abstract, as they like dealing with pure mathematics and orchestral music.
Tyler is a beneficiary of xenoglossia, which has allowed him to know languages without learning.
Tom squashed the bug.
The developers quickly fixed the bug.
This annoying bug has finally been fixed.
I didn't know that websites could have bugs.
The programmer fixed the bug.
The programmers could not find the cause of the bug.
The entomologist could not find a specimen of the bug.
This entomologist has a large insect collection.
Tom used an insect net to collect bugs.
A permit may be required for collecting insects.
Tom found a worm hiding behind the rock.
Catching bugs can be a fun activity for children.
I've played tennis with Tom several times.
I've made that same mistake several times.
I've worked as a waiter for three years.
I worked as a waiter for three years.
I've made that same mistake myself.
I've learned so much from you.
I'll definitely vote for Tom.
I've made that same mistake.
I've made some poor choices.
I've lost your phone number.
I've learned a lot from you.
I've learned a lot from Tom.
I've never met Tom, either.
I've met Tom several times.
I've been here three years.
I'll be here all afternoon.
I've lived here for years.
I've learned how to relax.
I've also lived in Boston.
I wonder what caused that.
I've just figured it out.
I'll be here all morning.
I wonder what this means.
I, too, have a question.
I've never had a cavity.
I've made a big mistake.
I've just worked it out.
I'll be ready next time.
I'll be ready by Monday.
I'd rather go to Boston.
I'd rather be in Boston.
I wonder if that's true.
I won't comment on that.
I've lived a long life.
I've lived a good life.
I've had enough of Tom.
I'll have to work hard.
I'll be voting for Tom.
I've seen a lot worse.
I've been on vacation.
I've always been fast.
I'll be here all week.
I'd like to stay here.
I've learned so much.
I've been very lucky.
I'll try to be quick.
I'll miss all of you.
I'll be here all day.
I wonder why that is.
I won't vote for Tom.
I won't support that.
I've met Tom before.
I've learned a lot.
Tom is very good at catching bugs.
Tom caught some bugs and put them in a jar. He then punched a hole in the lid of the jar so that the bugs could breathe.
Tom used a bug net to collect bugs.
That's an important distinction to make.
I wish Tom the best.
I wish it weren't so.
I wish I'd written that.
I wish I were wrong.
I wasn't told the truth.
I wasn't told the reason.
I wasn't raised that way.
I wasn't mad at Tom.
Desertion from the army was punishable by death.
Vaccines are produced using chicken eggs.
Please adopt this sentence!
Please adopt this puppy.
Please adopt this cat.
She has survived three wars.
I received a postcard from abroad.
A book is a wonderful gift.
I was red as a tomato.
How often do you do things out of spite?
Have a pleasant weekend!
Refined sugar is bad for your health.
Have you ever tried adding a Mentos to a bottle of diet cola?
A standard oz can of cola contains 39g of sugar.
A standard ml can of cola contains grams of sugar.
A standard oz can of cola contains 1.oz of sugar.
Today is Pi Day.
Mary baked a pie for Pi Day.
The methods of forced memorization are often effective.
He has the reputation of being an incorrigible liar.
All those products are unfit for human consumption.
His old-fashioned ideas are not suited to the world.
He has a finely developed sense of the absurd and his house is out of keeping with the local buildings.
All of them considered that he was unsuitably dressed for the party.
All the criminal charges were trumped-up and the three Taliban detainees had to be released.
Having too many apathetic consumers is a danger for the economy.
I used those flowers to spruce up the house.
He said that the piecemeal solution of the government will not work.
This book is still in circulation and can be found in the bookshops.
The government was compelled to defray the costs of the war.
He arrived in China in October and soon established himself comfortably in Taiyuan.
His life, like most, was full of ambiguities.
This decision was a self-serving measure designed to procure immunity from prosecution.
Last night, we had to call the police.
I know all my neighbors.
I know exactly how it is.
I know I'm good enough.
I know I'm not alone.
I know I'm not good enough.
I know I'm very lucky.
I know it's a surprise.
I know it's still there.
I know that it's there.
I know that sounds crazy.
I know that's my ticket.
I know there are others.
I know they were there.
I know this is stupid.
I know this isn't right.
I know times are tough.
I know Tom can't wait.
I know Tom was there.
I know what I like.
I know what it takes.
I know where Tom lives.
I know you were afraid.
I know you work hard.
I know you'll be brave.
I know you'll be happy here.
If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
"Nah, I wouldn't say anything to a guy like Tom." "That's right. Why would you say anything to a blabbermouth like him, of all people?"
I don't have any time for you right now.
That person is not trustworthy.
We met three coaches of high rank.
He messed up the stage that he had set up so carefully.
Oh no... I tried so hard to keep the plan secret from my mom, but she already found out.
This washing machine is very energy-efficient.
These kitchen countertops are inches wide.
This dishwasher is too big. It won't fit under the counter.
This washer is so quiet that you could put it in your bedroom.
Tom and Mary bought a high-efficiency top-loading washer.
Tom bought a high-efficiency front-loading washing machine.
Compact washing machines are expensive for their size.
Mary washes her laundry by hand on a washboard.
This cooktop is inches wide.
This fridge is only inches wide. It's perfect for small apartments.
The future isn't written in stone.
Nobody likes to do laundry.
Laundry is a chore.
These headphones are both stylish and comfortable.
Tom has a steam shower.
They've recently patched WoW. Wanna farm the new dungeon? The party is waiting.
All the hotels are sold out.
Alphabetic script on signs on streets and buildings is just boring, some think.
I think the usual font for Roman script in printed books is so rigid that it hurts the eyes.
Compared to Roman script, Japanese script seems more roundish and organic.
Japanese script seems easier on the eyes than Roman script.
You think watching television is "not working." Pweh!
You think you don't work when you watch TV. Pweh!
Some are beginning to think that wealth comes from knowing logograms.
The usual fonts for Roman script are too rigid and unflowing.
A city at night with neon signs in logograms and phonograms looks just marvellous.
We have two cherry trees growing in the garden.
She asked me to leave the room.
Why don't you like talking about politics?
People built this city to be seen at night.
Your report is good - even remarkable.
Do you prefer green or black tea?
What is the name of this restaurant?
We are looking for an apartment.
She is looking for an apartment.
He is looking for an apartment.
The sun will set in two hours.
I will make it without a car and on time.
Heroes like that are the pride of one's country.
I'll tell you everything, just don't hit me!
She was there last summer.
If you were communists, you wouldn't worry about housing so much.
Ugh, because of you, now I have to redo everything!
We need paper.
Capitalists assume people are competitive in nature.
Tomorrow, you are going to paint the fence.
Communism would provide decent housing for everybody.
I'm certain that he will live to be ninety.
It looks like she's Russian.
Communists don't believe in the stock exchange, which is really a big casino.
Communists don't worship money.
Did Google ban you?
You can't assume that all forms of communism are authoritarian.
If you're so smart, then why don't you take over my lesson and I'll just sit here and giggle!
You worship money because you believe in capitalism.
Tom was noticeably tense.
February is the only month in the year where there are less than thirty days.
His father died in the war and his mother raised him and his siblings by herself.
Can I see your ticket?
He returned from Denmark.
Drop by sometime!
You know I'm from a different culture.
We wrote three books.
They wrote three books.
I was born in a country that would seem strange to you.
He lives in his aunt's house.
You need to be here by 2:at the latest.
Don't call me when I'm at the office.
I haven't worked for many years.
Wash your legs.
We'll never know the reason.
Drop by sometime.
Heroin is highly addictive.
I actually love my job.
I can see a pattern.
I can work with anyone.
I can't improve on this.
I can't pay all my bills this month.
I can't see Tom tonight.
I can't see you tonight.
I can't talk about this.
I can't think of any reason not to go.
I had plenty of time.
I had to be aggressive.
I hadn't seen it before.
I have a simple solution.
I have a spare key.
I have a young daughter.
I have no definite plans.
I have no other option.
I have no proof.
I have nothing to share.
I have the same question.
I have tickets to sell.
I have to be optimistic.
I haven't left my room in three days.
I haven't read it yet.
I haven't seen that happen yet.
I'm happy for you both.
I'm not an astrologer.
You need to be more aggressive.
Overdose deaths from opioids have nearly quadrupled since 1999.
Overdose deaths from opioids killed more than 28,Americans in 2014.
About Americans die each day from an opioid overdose.
America is in the midst of a drug overdose epidemic.
Sales of prescription opioids in the United States have nearly quadrupled from to 2014.
Naloxone is a life-saving drug that can reverse the effects of an opioid overdose.
Doctors should exercise caution when prescribing opioids.
I don't care how much it itches. Don't scratch it.
Are you able to keep walking?
Where is there a bakery?
Corruption is a problem in many countries around the world.
Corruption is a serious problem in many countries around the world.
I haven't yet read the report.
I haven't read the report yet.
I just read your post.
I just think it's wrong.
I just want some time.
I just want to win.
I knew it was possible.
I knew nothing about it.
I knew that wasn't true.
I knew what it was.
Police corruption is a serious problem in this country.
We spent the night in an inexpensive hotel.
Ken did that.
Every morning, the rooster crows.
If you listen to the lyrics, you'll realize that they don't say anything.
I had three options.
I have three options.
I knew what Tom wanted.
I left Tom in 2013.
I let my friends down.
I let my teammates down.
I like dogs a lot.
I like dogs and cats.
I like it better now.
I like it this way.
I like school.
I like Tom's idea.
I like your avatar.
I liked all of that.
I lived there for years.
I loaned Tom some money.
I look forward to that.
I look like my father.
I lost my entire family.
I love living on campus.
I love my team.
I love the people here.
I love those three kids.
I love to tell stories.
I love to write music.
I made a typing error.
I made too many errors.
I met Tom for lunch.
I might have a chance.
I must leave at once.
I must stay where I am.
I need a better job.
I need to keep moving.
I need to see that.
I never told you that.
I never wrote that down.
I only had three options.
I only want to talk.
I owe everything to Tom.
I passed the test.
I plan on being here all afternoon.
I planned it very well.
I prefer to stay indoors.
I really have a problem.
I really like it here.
I really like this team.
I really like to read.
I really liked it there.
I really liked Tom, too.
I really loved the show.
I really need a friend.
I refuse to sit there.
I remained where I was.
I respect Tom a lot.
I slammed the door shut.
I sort of liked that.
I spoke to Tom myself.
I still have the sweater you gave me when I was thirteen.
I still have three months till I get out of prison.
I still really like it.
I still wake up early.
I still wonder about it.
I think I like Tom.
I think I need therapy.
I think I'm pretty lucky.
I think it looks awesome.
I think it looks cool.
I think it looks great.
I think it scared Tom.
I think it sounds good.
I think it was silly.
I think it was useful.
I think it was wrong.
I think it'd be fun.
I think it's a fad.
I think it's a miracle.
I think it's a shame.
I think it's all wrong.
I think it's good enough.
I think it's great.
I think it's nice, too.
I think it's only fair.
I think it's our mistake.
I think it's real nice.
I think it's really cool.
I think it's really ugly.
I think it's still there.
I think it's that simple.
I think it's Tom's fault.
I think that's Tom's goal.
I think that's true.
I think that's unlikely to happen.
I think that's unlikely.
I think that's what it is.
I think they look good.
I think they were right.
I think they were wrong.
I think this is better.
I think this is dumb.
I think this is fair.
I think this is good.
I think this is great.
I think this is horrible.
I think this isn't fair.
I think this one's better.
I think time will tell.
I think Tom is an idiot.
I think Tom is awesome.
I think Tom is brilliant.
I think Tom is having fun.
I think Tom is improving.
I think Tom is joking.
I think Tom is unstable.
I think Tom is worried.
I think Tom isn't right.
I think Tom isn't serious.
I think Tom was right.
I think Tom will be fine.
I think Tom will be OK.
I think Tom will be ready.
I think Tom will tell you.
I think Tom would say yes.
I think we were awesome.
I think we're on the right track.
I think we're ready.
I think you'll be fine.
I think you're selfish.
I thought I'd be fine.
I thought it was awesome.
I thought it was fake.
I thought that was crazy.
I thought that was great.
I thought that was right.
I thought Tom looked OK.
I thought Tom was retired.
I thought we played well.
I thought you loved that.
I thought you were retired.
I told Tom he's crazy.
I told Tom never to do that again.
I tried to be aggressive.
I tried to look innocent.
I try to stay involved.
I used to wear glasses.
I want a new house.
I want to keep playing.
I want to resign.
I want to retire here.
I want Tom to succeed.
I want you to comment.
I want you to suffer.
I wanted out of there.
I wanted to be cautious.
I wanted to be ready.
I wanted to leave.
I wanted to make sure.
I wanted to run home.
I wanted to smack you.
I wanted to steal it.
I was a good student.
I was curious about that.
I was freaked out.
I was happy to leave.
I was happy with that.
I was here in 2013.
I was just really lucky.
I was kind of nervous.
I was only thirteen then.
I was open and honest.
I was proud of myself.
I was surprised about it.
I was sworn to secrecy.
I was there once before.
I was there three days.
I was very, very happy.
I was working that night.
I was young and strong back then.
I won't stay at that hotel again.
I wonder what Tom thinks.
I wonder where Tom is from.
I wondered where Tom was.
I'll be away till Christmas.
I'll be meeting with Tom.
I'll be there till 2:30.
I'll be waiting for you here.
I'll carry as much as I can.
I'll probably swim a lot next summer.
I'll really miss Tom.
I'll take whatever I can.
I'm a little bit nervous.
I'm a real simple person.
I'm grateful to be alive.
I'm happy that it's over.
I'm much better now.
I'm not exactly sure why.
I'm not happy about that.
I'm pretty happy with how things turned out.
I'm pretty happy with it.
I'm pretty proud of that.
I'm really proud of that.
You chastise people for working hard.
People don't pay you to defecate or urinate.
Unless you work for a food magazine, people don't pay you to eat and drink.
You know Americans are jealous of the British accent that they deem more prestigious.
My neighbours in that house are German and English, both.
Some cultures assume everybody is a slave.
You don't expect people to pay you for every little thing that you do in your life.
Poverty is probably more difficult in colder climes.
If I had been my father, I would have chosen Australia for immigration, since Greeks prefer the climate there, much as I do.
Do you confuse the word "Austronesian" with "Australoid"?
I was compelled to follow her.
I couldn't help but follow her.
Legal terminology is usually incomprehensible to non-specialists.
People just need time to adjust to the new environment.
The project will start soon, so watch out for it.
As the budget ran out, the robot guards could not chase the runner beyond the city limits.
Are you the runner who escaped the underground city?
Stop, runner, or I'll stun you!
We are eating apples.
We eat apples.
I will be learning.
Where are we going to meet?
Pass me the sugar, please.
I was feeling the same.
He solved the problem on his own.
You just need time to adjust to the new paradigm.
If you want people to collaborate with you, you have to be friendlier.
Friendliness is a thing of the past.
Unfriendly urbanite thinking has spread to the far reaches of the Earth.
You feel not obligated to be friendly.
Most of the Internet uses unfriendly language.
People can't find true friends in the Internet.
You feel more secure that I can't see your face on the Internet.
Unfriendliness is the new thinking.
No one expects friendliness these days.
Your English doesn't sound ugly.
I'm pretty sure that Tom now lives in Boston.
There are English sentences here that sound like they're from the 1950's.
Is the person good?
I see the sky.
I'm only pulling your leg.
I'm scared of Tom's dog.
I'm still upset about it.
I'm toying with the idea.
I'm very glad about that.
I'm very grateful for that.
I'm very mindful of that.
I'm very pleased with it.
I'm very proud of myself.
I've been here twice now.
I've been waiting for this to happen.
You're just sweeping life's problems under the rug.
At what time will you be leaving?
Duty calls to me.
What time will you be leaving?
Where did the tragedy occur?
She left home at age thirteen.
The president is flying to the city in a helicopter.
We would really like to know what you are basing your opinion on.
Tom only finds inner peace when he listens to opera.
I reddened like a tomato.
You know your old once students less and less choose you as their mentor.
You can always pour out your heart to a good friend.
I could have objected, but didn't.
This has finally convinced me of the seriousness of the situation.
I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.
Tell me about your life, work and hobbies.
The children were on the verge of crying.
I try to keep current with important news.
It is necessary to examine all possible consequences.
He was a formidable opponent.
I eat a lot whenever I am nervous.
Tom put the kettle on the stove.
I could've objected, but I didn't.
I could've gone, but I didn't want to.
I could've done that without your help.
For how long has your head been hurting?
I would've liked to stay longer.
How long has your head been hurting?
Work to live; don't live to work!
I would like grams of meat please.
Please give me a pound of meat.
Wear a coat - it's cold out!
Despite the fact that they were all Dutch people, they spoke German with each other.
You deserve congratulations.
I can easily tell if someone is a good person or not. If he likes me, then he's good. If he doesn't like me, then he's bad.
You deserve to be congratulated.
I can easily tell if someone is a good person or not. If I like him, he's good; if I don't like him, he's bad.
That was a formidable opponent.
Better less than nothing.
The house was sold for one million dollars.
His book was published just one month ago, and it has already sold thousands of copies.
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for only dollars.
Table manners differ from country to country.
I know that this is weird.
When I'm in a bad mood, I start to sing.
Come here and eat chocolate cake!
Once a year does not hurt.
To some degree I am also afraid of people. They have the power to destroy you.
I won the lottery and we're going to the Bahamas.
This year is a new challenge for me.
What is the square root of 67?
I like this cold weather very much.
I am resistant to cold.
An exhibitionist would be the ideal partner for a voyeur.
One should stretch before and after exercising.
The picture was beautiful. You should have seen it.
Oh, if I could see Mary's face once more in my life.
That's the right attitude.
Tom has the right attitude.
His book sold millions of copies.
I am studying French by myself.
Tumblr is a popular blogging platform.
Who's Tatoeba? Your new girlfriend?
Who's Tom? Is he your new boyfriend?
Cathode rays are beams of electrons.
I identified him immediately.
Malaria is a disease spread by mosquitoes.
One does not refuse such an offer.
An offer like that is not to be refused.
It's like tilting at windmills.
You shouldn't eat just before going to bed.
You shouldn't eat just before you go to bed.
I want one thing: tell me the truth.
Mary was supposedly on business in Boston, but Tom claimed to have seen her in New York last night.
According to the fortune teller, I was supposedly a prince in another life.
You've been spying on me.
You really made me proud.
Tom thought I was lying.
Tom is right here with me.
Tom is named after his father.
Tom certainly has a temper.
Tom always made me laugh.
This is what I've always wanted.
They were laughing at me.
They wanted to punish me.
The odds were against me.
The odds are against me.
That's what I'm proud of.
That's my job, not Tom's.
That's all I worry about.
That made perfect sense to me.
Some of my less intelligent friends smoke.
Some of my friends smoke.
Please wait until I'm ready.
Please wait a while longer.
Please tell me I'm right.
Nobody would talk to me.
My mother never liked me.
Music is important to me.
It sounds simple, I know.
I've seen Tom dance many times.
I've seen enough for now.
I've never regretted it.
I've had so much support.
I've already written to Tom.
I'm really not sure.
I'm not really that sorry.
I'm not like anybody else.
I'm named after my father.
I'm here to play baseball.
I'm disgusted by all this.
I'm a responsible person.
I'll pray for your family.
I'd like to introduce you to Tom.
I wish I'd thought of that.
I wasn't worried about it.
I wasn't raised like that.
I wasn't nervous about it.
I wasn't interested in it.
I wasn't confident at all.
I was certainly lucky.
I thought you were married.
I thought you were happy here.
I thought Tom was awesome.
I thought it was terrible.
I thought it was shocking.
I thought it was possible.
I thought it was pathetic.
I thought about my family.
I think Tom is still around.
I think Tom is really smart.
I think they're wrong.
I think I understand you.
I talked to Tom yesterday.
I take vitamins every day.
I still make mistakes.
I still love classic rock.
I really needed Tom there.
I really love working out.
I really like your music.
I might not sleep tonight.
I love watching you work.
I love watching you dance.
I know it's illegal.
I know it sounds familiar.
I know how important it is.
I have to plan everything.
I have a serious question.
I had never seen anything like that before.
I don't really like Tom very much.
I can't wait until Monday.
I can't wait for tomorrow.
I can't resist any longer.
I can't even imagine that.
I always think about that.
I always liked Tom better.
I actually really like it.
Have I taught you nothing?
I always think about it.
How much does an entrance ticket cost?
I will take three of each kind.
My father likes his coffee strong.
What a nice house!
The battle lasted a week.
Mental strength is crucial for success in any sports.
What was I worrying about?
Were you talking about me?
We've been lucky, I think.
Tom was sitting behind me.
Tom isn't a baby anymore.
Tom is turning thirteen.
Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.
This is my third marriage.
They aren't mine.
These are my best friends.
That's not really my job.
That sounds like treason to me.
That seems inhumane to me.
Thanks for having me here.
Nobody knows me in Boston.
My car wasn't good enough.
It wasn't important to me.
I've been wrong before.
I can't leave due to the bad weather.
The bad weather prevented me from leaving.
You're asking me questions you already know the answers to.
The bad weather kept me from leaving.
Is Tom the father of Maria's daughter?
There are many possible answers to that question.
It's too bad you don't want to accept my decisions.
Drink a tea with me!
Have some tea with me!
Sorry, but I don't want to lend you my books.
Turn off your cell phone, please.
I know that girl from somewhere.
The doctor told the police an autopsy would be necessary to determine the woman's cause of death.
The doctor treated the patient with antibiotics.
I hate the smell of garlic.
Speak more slowly; I can't understand.
Does it bother you to stay here today?
Could you please tell me how to get to the airport?
The spiral is one of the most common geometrical forms in nature.
No one really knows what happened that winter night.
This pen doesn't work.
I've been praying for you.
I'm working on my project.
I'm very sorry about this.
I'm very happy about that.
I'm trying to be cautious.
I'm tired of your whining.
I'm taking my time.
I'm sure Tom would rather stay.
I'm sure Tom owns property.
I'm sure it was a coincidence.
I'm still looking into it.
I'm still around.
I'm siding with Tom.
I'm sick of the hypocrisy.
I'm really upset about it.
I'm really happy to be here.
I'm really happy I'm here.
I'm really happy about it.
I'm quite shocked by this.
I'm only a freshman.
My name sounds bizarre.
My name sounds strange.
What did both of you do?
What did you both do?
During the day it is warmer than at night.
She visited the zoo with him.
You are not allowed to enter that room.
You may not enter that room.
You are not allowed to go into that room.
Don't go in that room.
Don't enter that room.
Oranges symbolize a happy love, while lemons an unreciprocated love.
For a long time I didn't wear a tie.
Let's introduce ourselves to the immigration office.
We have to introduce ourselves to the immigration office.
I'm not worried that much.
I'm not upset anymore.
I'm not too upset anymore.
I'm not thinking about it.
I'm not surprised one bit.
I'm not sure actually.
I'm glad Tom left.
I won't tell anybody else.
I wasn't too surprised.
I thought I'd been stabbed.
I thought I performed well.
I think your plan is too ambitious.
I think your plan is not realistic.
I think what Tom did was intentional.
I think Tom likes baseball.
These are the kind of things only a woman can know.
I think Tom is very smart.
How I suffer!
What's the difference between a winner and a loser?
Don't faint!
Waking up is an annoying way to start a day.
You are very intelligent.
Angela Merkel has a PhD in Physics.
We are buying movie tickets.
Angela Merkel was born in East Germany.
Angela Merkel is the first female German chancellor.
Can you tell me how to get to the airport?
Can you all tell me how to get to the airport?
You have no scruples.
The war goes on.
Without a goodnight kiss I won't have sweet dreams.
I would have liked that Tom succeeded.
I can see you're speechless.
Don't let on I'm here.
I seldom see her.
She waited for the bus.
I don't have enough time to explain that to you in detail.
Tom had no idea that I would be here.
I don't think that Tom will ever come back.
Tom will try to be there on time.
If Tom didn't want to be here, he would not have come.
Do you talk about us?
Tom does what is asked of him.
Tom asked, what is happening to me.
Some religious people can be very judgmental.
Some religious people can be very judgy.
Tom was the last one to arrive here.
I said no!
Tom stumbled over something on the ground.
I only want her to feel well.
I just want her to feel well.
I'm having a farewell party for him this evening.
I'm a cocaine exporter.
That is not an island.
He is not my father, he is my uncle.
He is sitting at the table.
She likes books too.
He is speaking loudly.
She likes books also.
She also likes books.
They don't speak English.
They don't know English.
Why are beautiful things so fragile?
What year was your car made?
I don't like to be judged.
Renting an office in the middle of Boston costs a lot.
Call Tom and tell him that you will be late.
Of course, Tom loves his children.
Tom will get married next month.
Tom put the map on the table.
Of course, Tom loves his kids.
Is it necessary to make so much noise?
Tom washed away the blood from his hands.
Tom said that he will call you later.
May I borrow the hair dryer?
We have to set up the tent in the shade of that tree.
I will start early tomorrow, maybe I should go to bed soon.
Let's telephone him.
We won't let you die.
We won't let you pass away.
It refuses to die.
Tom is already here, but Bill haven't arrived yet.
You don't look very well, are you sick?
I'd like to tell you the truth.
She isn't as good as she thinks.
Prison is the school of crime.
Read the article on the second page.
Tom felt his cell phone vibrate in the inside pocket of his jacket.
Usually I don't buy anything on the Internet.
When Tom finally decided to admit it, everyone already knew that he was gay.
Your closet is already full. Space will have to be freed up somewhere else for your new clothes.
I hope that the weather will be dry.
Tom intended to ask his boss for a raise, but he reconsidered.
I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.
We just ate dinner.
Here's a tomato, that grew while listening to Mozart.
I believe that everything happens for a reason.
They all went in.
Tom had no idea that I'd be here.
I can say that now, but a little while ago I hated you.
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't arrived yet.
The postal service in this country isn't fast.
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.
Tom is already here, but Mary isn't here yet.
There are a few houses around.
Clearly, it's a fraud.
We all denounce cheating on tests.
He started again.
Tom discovered Mary's body in a pit.
Tom almost always has on sunglasses.
Tom comes here every second week.
She has never seen the sea.
I knocked on your door to ask for help.
Every time I see Tom, he's wearing sunglasses.
I was very sober at the time.
I am writing my internship report.
I can't bear this kind of pain.
It is me who is paying.
They will order a new desk.
He showed us photos.
In the same moment, a thought about tomorrow's work came to my mind.
It's necessary that you fulfill your plans.
Can you explain to me how I can get to the airport?
I'm sorry, but you'll have to pay an excess weight fee.
The house is suitably isolated.
He ruined his clothes.
Sometimes my fingers type something other than what my brain dictates.
It's all up to me to save the day.
When Tom finally decided to come out of the closet, everyone already knew that he was gay.
Usually I drink two cups of coffee with lunch.
Is it pleasing to you?
The patient was released from the hospital.
Go explore that.
She is unwrapping her birthday present.
Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.
How did you get those blue spots on your legs?
I know that you all are cowards.
Where does this self-confidence come from?
He has a lot of work to do.
I have just moved to Zurich and enjoy doing many things.
I am looking forward to exploring this country and having many adventures.
The Big Salmon River is a small river in southern New Brunswick, Canada, that flows south into the Bay of Fundy.
The river has its source to the southwest of Sussex, New Brunswick.
The river flows into the Bay of Fundy near St. Martins, New Brunswick, and serves as the endpoint of the Fundy Trail.
Tom stopped using Facebook.
Tom arrived this morning.
What is the name of the restaurant?
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching her own face.
What's that restaurant's name?
What's the name of that restaurant?
Excuse me, what queue is this?
Excuse me, may I have a spoon?
You don't look very well. Are you OK?
You don't look very well. Are you sick?
I think Tom is progressing.
I think Tom is pretty angry.
I think that's a possibility.
I think it's doable.
I think it's a possibility.
I think it was intentional.
I think I missed something.
I think everybody is ready.
I think about Tom sometimes.
I think about it sometimes.
I suppose that makes sense.
I respect people like that.
I really like my teammates.
I probably won't watch TV tonight.
I probably won't watch this.
I probably won't read Tom's report.
I passed every single test.
I passed all my tests.
He's a dunce.
I am not a pillow.
My son is an artist who paints paintings.
I will give him a recipe.
I will give her a recipe.
I will give you a recipe.
He is an idiot.
It is too early to go to bed.
We anxiously wait to see it again.
She's not answering the phone either.
I have no intention of changing.
He probably won't be happy with the pictures.
I saw the receipt on the kitchen table.
The ice under your feet will break.
The ship passed under the bridge.
JavaScript is a programming language.
The company is in debt.
A computer program is a list of instructions that tell the computer what to do.
I am fed up with my old fridge.
I'm fed up with him!
I'm tired of him!
I'm sick of him!
I'm sick of all the complaints.
Great successes are due to constant efforts.
The world's resources are limited.
She was happy because she passed the exam.
The waves usually break when they reach the shore.
I cannot force you to do what I say.
Let me tell you what the big idea is.
Let me tell you what the point is.
Would you like a little?
Sorry, Jorge! I didn't see you!
Mother knitted a sweater for me.
This is Tom's chair.
Aluminium became more expensive than gold.
There are no shops near my house.
Pigeons and hens are birds.
Our relationship is stable.
I have never seen him.
I'm only a newbie.
She's very busy on Friday.
I do not know if I will be on Skype for a while.
The eaglet is halfway out of its shell.
But there are other advantages.
I created Frankenstein by my own hands.
The eaglet broke free of its shell.
The creation killed its creator.
They stopped three minutes later.
The last books were sold a week ago.
He was grateful in his last days because I helped him.
Our athletes crossed the finish line last.
He gathered the last three matchsticks left on the floor.
How much time do you need to make yourself up?
Rather than working for a low salary, it is better for us to be unemployed.
You cannot get along with him because he speaks continuously.
From the moment I left till I came back, he had been hitting the drum without interruption.
A bird is incessantly singing on my balcony.
Maybe we'll have a talk one of these days.
Suddenly he stood up and left the hall.
Will you come to my place tomorrow?
Don't come to the meeting!
The King had hardly made a few steps to the door when he was startled by Morshu's mean laughter. The trickster merchant jumped out from behind the couch. "I got you on camera! I got you on camera!" he grinned triumphantly. "Me too," Ganon appeared next. "Hey, that's not nice!" the King cried frustratedly. "Give me that!" Morshu easily dashed a few attempts to snatch the camera. "Oh no, King, we're already putting this on YouTube!" Ganon gloated. "For the lulz!" "The lulz!" Morshu joined. "No, please, no!" the King beat his fists against the floor in despair. "Stop it, stop the uploading! Please, PLEASE!" "Hehehe," Ganon had the smuggest smirk on his face, "this is better entertainment than stealing offering money!"
Bring the hat with you when you come over.
Maybe you will come to see us when you have free time.
Come eat with us.
Russian children think those fairytales having frogs remove their hides are so cute. Meanwhile, I'm over here puking my lungs out.
The square root of one is one.
The square root of is not 1.
What is the square root of 2?
You know what you know!
You know, I like how you talk.
The voters have spoken.
Come on, Berdych hardly choked. Federer was just GOATing in that game, no chance for the Czech when Fed plays like that.
It's not a bug.
It's a feature, not a bug.
Roger Federer is among the very few tennis players to have notched more than a thousand career match wins.
The best way to solve unemployment is to work.
He is a numpty.
The truth doesn't always win.
The beach was packed with tourists.
There are lots of people who don't have any idea about that.
There are lots of people who say that's a lie.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Don't tell him that I'm here.
She has never seen the ocean.
Quit while you're ahead.
If I wanted to do that, I would have already done it.
Some people stay trim even without going to a gym.
His lack of self-awareness was sublime. That could be either endearing or maddening.
It's ten past four now.
If it's all right with you, I'd appreciate your not bringing up the subject. We don't want to hear about it.
Does he have any chance of succeeding?
Those who dig a pit for others will be caught in it themselves.
We are content.
I enjoyed it a great deal.
"Have you finished?" "No, I haven't even started."
"Have you finished?" "On the contrary. I haven't even started."
He's late.
The air pollution is worse in Tokyo than in New York.
She met my feeble joke with a blank stare.
Kitty, you are my ditty.
I don't live in Helsinki.
This match is NID, not even gonna watch it.
This match is a foregone conclusion. I'm not even going to watch it.
You could've told me that earlier.
You could've told me that before.
"Oh man! If I was as cool as Tom was, I'd have three girlfriends" - "I have another opinion about that. In any case, Tom has no girlfriend."
They made a little paper plane.
They have made a little paper plane.
What would you like to learn?
He was charged to continue this job.
I say I'm not guilty.
I come to this town for the second time.
This is the second time I've come to this city.
The excursion will continue for no less than hours.
He spends pots of money for travelling.
Will anybody else come?
Tom died in his prime.
Tony jogs every day.
What time do you usually get off your work?
Have a look at the girls.
Tom read novels.
They can be understood, too.
The party was awfully boring.
Not the one who is right is deemed right, but the one who has more rights.
He must have already come.
Last year I read more than five hundred books.
Mary agreed.
He agreed.
It isn't so good with money as bad without it.
Adam was the first lucky beggar because he didn't have a mother-in law.
That's junk. Throw it away.
God gave the man two ears and a mouth so that he would listen more and talk less.
Those who have no children educate them well.
Getting old, a man sees worse, but more.
To keep good silent is more difficult than to speak well.
Parents teach children to speak, children teach parents to be silent.
He's in love with that girl.
I'm not ignoring them.
This country has a harsh climate.
Even the tail of the parrot makes others envious.
Stop it. You're embarrassing me.
If "internationalization" means putting every little thing into English, then I think "internationalization" is a load of shit.
Last Friday I played soccer with friends.
Does the meat look under-cooked?
Michael is already an adult, but he still lives with his mother.
To tell the truth, I have never spoken Portuguese.
Are there still men yet who don't drink?
The egg is hard.
Red Light Irradiation was a word that was used on a daily basis in the GDR.
The Ku Klux Klan of American philosophy wove a vast criminal conspiracy to corrupt the American nation.
The biology teacher is called Sonia.
I drink beer.
Everything is in flux.
The drain is clogged again.
The way the question is phrased can influence the answer.
The older girl helped set the table.
Is there anything else to eat?
If you are surprised by how much time I have on my hands, I can assure you that this is not the case.
Herbert opened his mouth, but Tom gave him a menacing look.
Normally I take the bus to school.
She silently filed away that piece of information, thinking it might be useful later.
She made a mental note of that information, which she thought might be useful in the future.
I always forget people's names.
You should introduce yourself.
This sentence is still ambiguous, even though it isn't long.
Mary is taken to the hospital and placed in a medically induced coma.
That is the man I see every day on the train.
The statue in the park is new. It wasn't there last year.
I looked and looked, but it wasn't there.
His splenetic father threatened to spank him if he didn't behave himself.
His borgesian short stories reflected the frustration of the younger generation.
He has an incongruous sounding name which is hard to remember.
Those ideas were the harbinger of democracy.
The aggression was provoked by all those gratuitous insults.
His lumpy bed looked like the cratered surface of the moon.
All those suggestions were dismissed as hooey.
There is a movement afoot and nobody is noticing it.
Riparian zones are narrow strips of land located along the banks of rivers.
The insults and threats gave way to a donnybrook.
His down-and-out beginning in Paris was really hard.
After watching that film he was filled with a sense of foreboding.
The contumacious student dared to gainsay his teacher.
He was able to predict the victory of Wahhabism and the renaissance of the Arab world.
The books of this literary poseur were widely read but they are now forgotten.
The professor was famous for his abstemious meals.
Those burly books were really expensive.
During the 60s and 70s, similar events occurred in Europe, although on a lesser scale.
In the two years he spent as a professor of Spanish in Paris, he trod a dangerous path with the French authorities.
Steel is not the only metal that, being struck slantwise with the edge of a stone, produces sparks of fire.
She told him off for being late.
This experiment was unsuccessful.
Last week a lot of appointments kept me busy.
Prime numbers are divisible only by one and themselves.
One is not a prime number.
How did you get in such a pickle?
I'm in a pretty pickle.
The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.
The Internet was also called the information superhighway in the 1990s.
Ice is cool.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he said last week.
What he said yesterday is inconsistent with what he said last week.
I don't use languages to talk and say nothing. I use them to serve humanity.
Messi is the world's greatest football player.
Even children would know things like that.
A lot of people sure tell lies.
Don't know.
Thomas swam.
Did Thomas get sick?
Can you spell your name for me?
Does he speak Hungarian too?
Does she speak Hungarian too?
If you don't give anything to a dog, it will bark at everyone.
When it's spring in the Northern Hemisphere, it's autumn in the Southern Hemisphere.
He's as smart as anyone else in the class.
We're trying to close the box.
My room must be a mess.
I've never had trouble falling asleep.
You'll probably see me again.
You'll probably never see me again.
Will someone please tell me what to do?
Why's everyone looking at me?
What I think isn't important.
Tom will be shocked.
Tom thought I was serious.
Tom read my mind perfectly.
Tom probably saved my life.
Tom is someone that I trust.
Tom is someone I trust.
Tom is really upset with me.
Tom is really angry at me.
Tom is not my friend anymore.
This is my letter of resignation.
These aren't my ideas.
The police have ruled out suicide.
The police haven't ruled out suicide.
That's what worrying me.
I must buy shoes.
Thanks a lot! I don't know what we'd do without you.
I tried to dissuade a friend of mine from getting married.
There's no logical reason for this.
Grammar being the art of relieving the difficulties of a language, the lever must not be heavier than the load it lifts.
Mammals have hair.
I think this photo was taken in May.
Who's chairing the meeting today?
After opening, please eat as soon as possible.
The food in jail was better.
That's what really scares me.
That's what I'm focused on.
That's very important to me.
That's the problem, I think.
That's one of my weaknesses.
That's not really my thing.
That's all I'm looking for.
That was something I wanted.
That was my initial thought.
That was my biggest problem.
That was interesting to me.
That seems reasonable to me.
That almost made me laugh.
Tell me about your children.
Someone parked in my spot.
Somebody might stop me.
Perhaps I've been wrong.
People treat me with respect.
What's your marital status?
I must've eaten something bad.
I believe that this photo was taken in May.
A good boy doesn't say a thing like that.
Since Tom's been smoking, he doesn't go jogging at the pond anymore.
Recently many people have been losing their jobs.
I've lived here for years.
Some didn't want to discuss.
That sounds like music to me.
Sorry, I can't do that.
Young people don't know what old age is, and old people forget what youth was.
God never closes a door without opening another.
Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever worked with.
I wasn't having fun, so I went home early.
I think Tom has been trying to impress me.
I wasn't very fluent in French back then.
I predicted this would happen months ago.
I think maybe we've been too aggressive.
I'm neither optimistic nor pessimistic.
I support your comments wholeheartedly.
I shouldn't have ignored Tom's advice.
I met some of Tom's friends yesterday.
I have three beautiful granddaughters.
I've played golf with Tom many times.
I'm afraid you've misunderstood this.
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.
My favorite teacher was Mr. Jackson.
I've had to make some tough choices.
I'll try to persuade Tom to help us.
I'll try to persuade Tom to do that.
I wonder what Tom is planning to do.
Everyone knows I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Things will get easier from now on.
I've never tried doing this before.
I'll probably never use this again.
I think that's absolutely fabulous.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous.
I've missed so many opportunities.
I'd like to have something to eat.
I won't try to predict the future.
I just started working here today.
This makes me very uncomfortable.
Sometimes I even surprise myself.
Maybe I'm missing something here.
It's something I've always liked.
I'm sorry I missed your birthday.
I'm pleasantly surprised by that.
I'll try to persuade Tom to help.
I'll always remember your advice.
I thought the food was excellent.
That's what really impressed me.
It's me that Tom is waiting for.
I've tried to stop multitasking.
I've never regretted doing that.
I've never really been anywhere.
I've never played soccer before.
I've always wondered about this.
I've always liked horror movies.
I've already thought about that.
I'm surprised by Tom's response.
I'm pretty good at multitasking.
I'm not quite prepared for this.
I'll tell you everything I know.
I won't ever mention this again.
I wasn't very impressed by that.
I thought it wasn't appropriate.
I think that's really important.
I think that's pretty fantastic.
I think everyone's overreacting.
I have several Canadian friends.
Do you think I missed something?
Do you really think I'm selfish?
Both of my sisters are teachers.
Well, I think it's interesting.
There's no place I'd rather be.
That seems irresponsible to me.
It's part of my responsibility.
I've never noticed that before.
I've met some wonderful people.
I've been everywhere in Europe.
I've always liked those people.
I'm very optimistic about this.
I'm sure it wasn't intentional.
I'm sure I'm missing something.
I'm probably spending more now.
I'm not saying anybody's lying.
I'm not exaggerating, you know.
I'm looking towards the future.
I'm from around here, actually.
I'm definitely a little better.
I wonder what they're planning.
I watch very little television.
I took responsibility for that.
I thought that was interesting.
I thought it was inappropriate.
I thought it looked ridiculous.
I think that shocked everybody.
I regret this decision already.
I don't often watch TV anymore.
I definitely think it's doable.
I can understand your position.
Obviously, I was very shocked.
I've already had many chances.
I was just playing basketball.
I thought that was remarkable.
I think that's probably right.
I think that's pretty obvious.
I think about that constantly.
I like Tom's aggressive style.
Actually, that's why I'm here.
I'm reasonably certain of it.
I'm not sure that's suitable.
I'm not looking for anything.
I'm like everybody else here.
I'm familiar with Tom's work.
I'm actually a little afraid.
I'll never leave early again.
I'll definitely look into it.
I was very impressed by that.
I was a little bit surprised.
I thought that was thrilling.
I thought that was fantastic.
I thought everybody liked it.
I think that's pretty stupid.
I think it's absolutely fine.
I really want another chance.
I left everything in my room.
I know that's real important.
I know it's pretty important.
I just wanted an opportunity.
I just can't understand this.
I have three college degrees.
I have absolutely no regrets.
Have dinner with me tomorrow.
Hardly anyone knows I'm here.
Everybody is looking for Tom.
Both my sisters are teachers.
Nothing else mattered to me.
My family has suffered, too.
It's me they're waiting for.
It's exactly what I thought.
I've never said that before.
I've never had that problem.
I've been really happy here.
I've always loved Christmas.
I'm really angry about this.
I'm real impressed with Tom.
I'm quite worried about Tom.
I'm probably a lot like you.
I'm pretty interested in it.
I'm not the least surprised.
I'm not saying that's wrong.
I'm deeply offended by this.
I'm confident in my ability.
I'm being patient right now.
I thought it was refreshing.
I thought it was incredible.
I think they're working now.
I think they were surprised.
I think they knew something.
I think that's pretty funny.
I think it's very important.
I think it's very difficult.
I know that it's inevitable.
I haven't worked since then.
I have a serious girlfriend.
Everything looks good to me.
Everything looks fine to me.
Everybody was looking at me.
My mom was a schoolteacher.
Maybe I'm working too much.
I've been very, very lucky.
I'm well ahead of schedule.
I'm very thankful for that.
I'm very positive about it.
I'm sure it's inconvenient.
I'm sorry, I misunderstood.
I'm really happy with that.
I'm pretty sure that's Tom.
I'm perfectly fine with it.
I'm perfectly OK with that.
I'm not motivated by money.
I'm not impressed with Tom.
I'm friends with the owner.
I'll probably use it again.
I'll definitely look at it.
I'd never seen that before.
I won't mention that again.
I wasn't really having fun.
I understand you're scared.
I tried to resuscitate Tom.
I thought it worked nicely.
I thought it was marvelous.
I thought it was heartburn.
I think Tom is working now.
I now understand it better.
I never really was nervous.
I never even mentioned Tom.
I made a horrible decision.
I left everything in there.
I just can't understand it.
I haven't thought about it.
I haven't spoken to anyone.
I actually really liked it.
I'm taking classes online.
I'm pretty normal, really.
I'm extremely overwhelmed.
I'm a pretty stubborn guy.
I'd prefer not to do that.
I thought Tom was serious.
I think Tom was surprised.
I've rented an apartment.
I've always been healthy.
I'm really, really sorry.
I'm extremely interested.
I'll definitely miss you.
I think it's appropriate.
I think Tom looked happy.
I think Tom is satisfied.
I've never noticed that.
I've already had dinner.
I'm not very interested.
I'm not being sarcastic.
I like those sunglasses.
It's almost my bedtime.
I've been fairly lucky.
I'm pretty progressive.
I'm absolutely furious.
I'm a little squeamish.
I wasn't eavesdropping.
I trust Tom's judgment.
I thought that was fun.
I love roller coasters.
I love my independence.
I ignored their advice.
How heavy is too heavy?
That isn't a new idea.
I'm not superstitious.
I'm just being myself.
I'm fairly optimistic.
I'm always optimistic.
I was being facetious.
I think it's horrible.
No one will stop you.
I'm still not scared.
I'm pretty confident.
I'm not exaggerating.
I'm not an alcoholic.
I'm definitely ready.
I'm actually shocked.
I'll pass that along.
I think it's perfect.
I just started today.
I have work tomorrow.
I actually like that.
How cold is too cold?
We have a good team.
No one will stop us.
It might be a shark.
I'm very optimistic.
I'm pretty stubborn.
I'm never satisfied.
I wasn't having fun.
How shall I proceed?
Why's Tom so angry?
We had so much fun.
Tom was a nice kid.
Tom was a good kid.
Tom is now in jail.
Tom is a good chef.
This is a new idea.
Things aren't easy.
They're great kids.
No one is at fault.
No one had to wait.
Kids make mistakes.
Just how big is it?
It's very valuable.
It's very tempting.
It's really unfair.
It's now up to you.
It's fairly unique.
It's all new to me.
It was so much fun.
It was lots of fun.
It was a sad story.
It was a nice race.
It was a lucky win.
It was a long wait.
It was a great day.
It was a good race.
It took us a while.
Is it a nice place?
I wasn't penalized.
I have a complaint.
How hot is too hot?
How far is too far?
We miss Tom a lot.
We look up to you.
We can work on it.
Tom was a big man.
Tom is a wise man.
Tom is a big baby.
That's really bad.
It was a long day.
It was a hard day.
It was a cold day.
Is Tom a nice guy?
I'm tired of that.
I'm still worried.
I know how to win.
A lot is at stake.
Why's it our job?
We had a fun day.
Tom is a big man.
Tom is a big guy.
Is Tom a bad guy?
I'm very shocked.
I'm very pleased.
I'm pretty lucky.
I'm pretty angry.
We want respect.
We want freedom.
Tom woke us up.
You must wait.
Tom needed it.
We can call for free on the weekend.
Some birds can imitate the human voice.
Counting money in other people's pockets isn't good, but it's interesting.
Russian speech without swearing turns into a report.
The morning doesn't happen good.
Happiness has come and requires money.
We aren't right or left because we are felt boots.
Don't dig a hole for others, let them dig it themselves.
We get nothing so cheaply as we want.
Tom's son is as lazy as his father was.
A working day shortens life by hours.
I don't need other people's things, so I sell them!
She lives with her parents.
Learning a language requires practice every day.
Good, enough poetic images.
Who doesn't come, doesn't disturb.
Tom can't walk around the pond, because he drives to work.
The workers of the northern countries have paid a high price for the displacement of production in the southern regions.
Who can be sure?
This was all free.
This is our job.
That might not be Tom.
No one knew why.
It's very upsetting.
It's very rewarding.
It's very different.
It's pretty obvious.
It's no fun to lose.
It's different here.
It's a bad omen.
It'll be fun to see Tom again.
It'll be a nice day.
It'll be a good day.
It wasn't a bad day.
It was inconvenient.
It was hard for Tom.
It was great to see you again.
It was good fun.
It was a tough game.
It was a nice place.
It was a great race.
It was a fun game to watch.
It was a big hassle.
It used to be worse.
Is that what it was?
Is that fair to you?
I have a plan in mind.
How much is the tax?
How lazy can you be?
How cold is it here?
How can we stop Tom?
How bad is the need?
Here's a new one.
Complaints are rare.
My father usually watches TV after dinner.
You've got to learn to be more careful.
Life without humor would be unbearable. This applies to love as well.
Buy two kilos of meat.
The French Revolution began during Louis XVI's reign.
The monster of antisemitism is still among us.
I'm not about to argue with you - you're drunk.
I really wanted to help, but after what happened, I already can't tell if I believe you two.
I've already invested a lot of money into my home.
You can't even imagine how painful it is for me to tell you this.
Religion played a very important role in creating the various calendars still in use.
We like your car.
The passport is clearly fake.
I'm opening the window so I can enjoy the fresh air.
Drop your pants.
Write your full name and address.
It's terribly hot this morning.
The sea was warm today.
It's nice sitting alongside a hot fireplace.
A hot wind is blowing in from the south.
Didn't I say it was a trick?
To us!
I'm so tired - I worked all day long.
The school is closed during summer.
Mary decided to quit smoking.
Smoking is a repulsive habit.
I brought you your favorite food.
A little lower.
Why should I pay you to put my car in my garage?
Go help your mom with the dishes.
Tom scratched his back with a backscratcher.
I don't plan to vote in the upcoming elections.
The rent for the apartment is due tomorrow.
He learned to raise cattle.
Bill really drinks too much.
Tom really drinks too much.
Tom drinks way too much.
Do you eat breakfast at home?
I bought these medicines for my father.
He wants to go to the sea.
The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow. However, do good.
Now I know the whole truth.
I came to talk with Tom.
Even if it's not true, it's a brilliant fabrication.
Even if it's not true, it's a brilliant invention.
Money gives birth to money.
Are you responsible for all of this?
Are you the one who caused this mess?
Are you the one who organized this party?
I think you're the person who caused this to happen.
I think you're the one who caused this to happen.
Money begets money.
Stop watching TV and start studying.
My mother tongue is Klingoranto, a mixture of Klingon and Esperanto.
Why are we poor?
Tom says he's OK.
Tom is lying to us.
Tom says he's fine.
Long hair is a pain.
No one had a chance.
No one has a weapon.
No one has paid yet.
No one knew a thing.
No one looked at it.
So what is the plan?
Some of us think so.
That was a bad idea.
This is a good idea.
This is a real mess.
This is a tough one.
This is all for Tom.
This is all we have.
This is good for us.
This is kind of sad.
Tom had no idea why.
Tom had to say that.
Tom has a tough job.
Tom has the day off.
Tom is years old.
Tom is a great boss.
Tom is a poor loser.
Tom is next in line.
Tom is such a moron.
Tom looks up to you.
Tom may not make it.
Tom now wears a wig.
Tom ran a good race.
Tom taught us a lot.
Tom was quite a guy.
Was it all worth it?
We know Tom is poor.
We like to have fun.
We miss you so much.
We need a new truck.
We need to be quick.
We need to be ready.
We tried to be good.
We use it every day.
We won't let you in.
What else can it be?
Why is Tom so weird?
You know it's a lie.
You need to be firm.
Your home is a mess.
This is all there is.
This place is a dump.
Tom has a great idea.
Tom has one of those.
Tom has seen it, too.
Tom sat on the fence.
Too much is at stake.
You know that's a lie.
Tom says he's feeling OK.
We really had a lot of fun.
There's no need to be nasty.
Tom may not make it on time.
Tom may not make it to the meeting.
Tom is the only one who can do this.
There must be a better way to do this.
Tom may be the best person for the job.
Now is a great time to buy one of those.
Don't be stingy with the tip.
He was disappointed that his expectations were not met.
The cat was not trying to be cruel.
The cat did not have evil intentions.
They accepted that.
I'm too tired to go out for a run.
She is busy typing up reports.
Obviously, I was a little shocked.
Many Chinese live in Africa.
Don't hurl insults at me, young lady.
With a deafening roar, the rocket was hurled into space.
If you go around flinging mud, some of it will stick to you.
The pen I'm writing with belongs to Tom.
I think they're happy.
Their stories are tightly intertwined.
I'm giving you what you want.
That's complicating the matter.
You aren't allowed to park there.
But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill.
His main concern was for the loud noise he was bound to make.
Did you give the children enough to eat?
Everyone wants to enrich themselves, at any cost, no matter what the cost.
Politics is hypocrisy.
Dr. Pepperberg and her colleagues have found that Alex, an African grey parrot, can count up to 8.
Parrots are very smart birds.
The road from the bus station to Tom's house is very steep.
Tom and Mary are the most wanted pair of bank robbers in the continent.
It is, no doubt, an immense advantage to have done nothing, but one should not abuse it.
There are men who gain from their wealth only the fear of losing it.
Language is the painting of our ideas.
What is not clear is not French.
Speech is external thought, and thought internal speech.
One should attack ideas with their own weapons: You do not shoot at ideas with a rifle.
Proverbs are the fruit of experience of all peoples and the common sense of all ages, arranged in formulas.
Young people don't respect the experience of their elders.
Since happiness doesn't exist, we must strive to be happy without it.
It's fashion!
Sometimes I want to break your fingers.
Tell everyone you're drunk.
Tom works on his own.
Tom will see to that.
Tom was sure of that.
Tom was right not to do that.
Tom was a coal miner.
Tom wants us to stay.
Tom volunteered to do that.
Tom used to be weird.
Tom tried to stop it.
Tom tried to kill us.
Tom stands up for us.
Your book is upside down.
The best way to learn is to make mistakes.
He took out an egg.
It would have been better if you had gone to sleep immediately.
I guess we found it.
Tom says he likes it.
Tom said we can stay.
Tom said that was OK.
Tom said it was bad.
Tom needs to wise up.
Tom needs to wake up.
Tom needs to shut up.
Tom needs to lay low.
Tom needs to be told.
Tom needs to be here.
The day is long and is the right one.
The date was fixed and was my first one with her.
I'm looking for a place to sit.
I know we can win.
How much worse is it?
How much is Tom worth?
How much is it worth?
How much can you pay?
How much can we take?
How can this be real?
How can they stop us?
How bad is it really?
Now, we exact justice.
Do the children have enough to eat?
The commander is not to be trifled with.
The dog is running across the street.
He called his sister, Mary.
This will take time.
This will take a lot of time.
This seems excessive.
This may not be true.
This isn't the only key.
This is what we need.
This is our land now.
This is how it works.
This is an old story.
This is a list of what we need.
This is a bit unfair.
It was fiendishly cold.
Who am I to criticize him?
It's nice of you to give me a ride.
It's nice of you to give me a lift.
Help me take this down.
I'm not denouncing you.
Our team could win.
I hope that very soon I will know more than just a few sentences in Dutch.
How much is your rent?
How heavy are you?
How fast can you walk?
Here's how to use it.
Here's a short list.
Have you used it yet?
Have you met Tom yet?
Can you see Tom's boat?
Be nice to your kids.
Are you the new nanny?
I'm sure I've seen him somewhere before.
Why is Tom never wearing safety goggles?
Patience begins where it ends.
This morning the weather is dreadful.
This morning the weather is frightful.
Tom should really wear safety glasses.
A dog is sitting on the carpet.
I dried the sink with a dishrag and now it's dry.
Tom should technically be wearing safety goggles.
Today I went and ate lunch at a restaurant.
I read a book on my iPad while I was eating.
Are you Finns or Russians?
Finland's competitiveness requires more people who can speak French and German than Swedish.
Approximately 4.percent of Finns are Finland-Swedes. In other words, people with Swedish as their mother tongue.
The entire city was covered in yellow dust.
People with Finnish as their native tongue must learn Swedish in school. Many dislike this and refer to it as "coercion Swedish."
"Are these dishes gluten free?" "Yes, of course, all of our dishes are gluten free."
I tried to convince Tom to help us.
Death is a sad matter, but life goes on.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the hill.
You can't stop the wind from blowing, but you can build windmills.
Easter will always be celebrated on a Sunday.
Now we need to decide what we should do.
We're sorry, but we can't do anything more for you.
Tom was carrying his son on his back.
Is Tom still in town?
Is Tom ready for this?
Is Tom ready for that?
Is there a better way?
Is the wait worth it?
Is that funny to you?
Is that a real option?
Is that a good place?
Is that a fair share?
Is it worth your time?
Is it the right time?
Is it still worth it?
Is it really fair?
The housing situation showed no signs that it would improve.
The housing situation showed no promise of improving.
It's time to have fun.
It's time for a vote.
It's still a bad idea.
It's really up to you.
It's now ready to use.
It's not an easy task.
It's not an easy job.
It's great to be with you.
It's good to be alive.
It's easy to see why.
It's downright scary.
It's been great fun.
It's been fun so far.
It's been fun for us.
It's been a tough week.
It's been a good year.
It's been a good week.
It's as plain as day.
It's as easy as that.
It's a very tough job.
It's a very good sign.
It's a long way away.
It's a full time job.
Mr. Federer is challenging the call on the right sideline. The ball was called out.
Miss Williams is challenging the call on the left baseline. The ball was called in.
Mr. Murray is challenging the call on the right far service line. The ball was called out.
Let! First service.
Let! First serve.
Let! Second service.
Let! Second serve.
The linesperson yelled "Out!", but the chair umpire announced immediately, "Correction, the ball was good."
Evidently not.
Ties suit you.
I got soaking wet.
I'm farsighted.
He's an agnostic.
Does he have an alibi?
The earthquake shook the house.
He's a general practitioner.
He's an amateur actor.
What a useful gadget!
She's an audiologist.
She's Australian.
He's Australian.
It happens automatically.
Long live the king!
Do girls also masturbate?
The hunter followed the bear tracks.
I hate work.
Yes, why not?
None of us knew the answer.
The USA is a republic.
None of us are planning to go.
The book sells well.
Do what the doctor said.
None of us like Tom.
We're both students.
We voted against the proposal.
We're relatives by marriage.
He's spreading false rumors.
She's spreading false rumors.
None of us want to do that.
Someone rang the doorbell.
He's living on unemployment benefits.
Argon is a noble gas.
This expression is archaic.
This is an archaism.
His words hurt Meg.
I recognize you.
Just then the phone rang.
It speaks for itself.
Art has no borders.
Art has no limits.
We're related by marriage.
Is the lecture already finished?
Don't forget your passports.
She's in prison.
She's in jail.
She died of oxygen deprivation.
Your breath stinks of garlic.
I have Russian friends.
Tom doesn't understand Sanskrit.
The eyes are the mirrors of the soul.
Robin is Batman's friend.
Your breath stinks.
You smell bad.
She's asocial.
He's an astronaut.
He's an atheist.
I was watching television at the time.
He's flexible.
Banish this sorrow from your heart!
I've discovered a serious error.
Why were you so slow?
I'm not asking them to forgive me.
She really doesn't like dogs.
The French Revolution took place in 1789.
I have a lot to do at the moment.
Sometimes we need to take a step back and think.
I had a full time job with him.
He seemed to be in a very deep thought.
You should be seen by a doctor.
It is an army of 70,men.
What is your philosophy?
I discovered a serious mistake.
I am not asking them to forgive me.
I have just come back from a long trip.
Stop jumping on the bed!
"Of course I'm ready to die for my ideals," said the president.
I know that it's difficult.
Tom seems to be crying.
I am thankful.
We really don't have time.
Hold on a minute. My shoelaces are untied.
You hate horror movies, don't you?
What are you wearing to graduation?
Tom moved the desk to Mary's bedroom.
Tom had the desk moved to Mary's bedroom.
He knows he acted badly.
She was red like a tomato.
She knows.
The nurse moved the patient to the top floor of the hospital.
Please move your car. You're blocking my driveway.
Don't just sit there! Move!
You think you can toy with me, but I don't play games.
He smells the soup.
Tom wanted to turn the page.
Have you lived here?
They will need to reduce their expenditures.
I am awaiting an agreement.
If you can do this better than me, just go ahead and do it on your own.
Tom really doesn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't really like dogs.
Tom doesn't really like Mary.
Tom may not be happy.
Tom may have a point.
Tom knows we know it.
Tom knows that we know.
Tom knows how to win.
Tom isn't a rich man.
Tom isn't a good guy.
Tom is such an idiot.
Tom is such a coward.
Tom is short for Thomas.
Tom is ready to lead.
Tom is out of shape.
Tom is home again.
Tom is his real name.
Tom is a true leader.
Tom is a good runner.
Tom is a good player.
Tom is a busy fellow.
Tom has no free time.
Tom has had a stroke.
Tom has a little boy.
Tom had to stay home.
I.N.R.I. = Jesus of Nazareth, the King of Jews.
They'll announce the winner tomorrow.
We'll visit you sometime.
There isn't an orange on the table.
She is Alan's wife.
I'm too small.
They sing.
"Tom, say to me, please ..." - "Please!"
This is not my cat.
They can come.
Are you drinking wine?
He takes honey instead of sugar.
It's the last train.
They smoke.
He can fly.
That is my brother.
Must I stay home today?
They dream.
He doesn't like to drink coffee.
You do not wash.
The book was new.
Tom speaks French well, I think.
I own one cat and one dog.
I own one dog and one cat.
Did you drink wine?
Toshio, who do you like?
It was warm yesterday.
I will see you tomorrow.
I can walk there on foot.
I own a white and black dog.
I'm catching a cold, I believe.
Are there books in your house?
Was Tom very busy?
What sort of book did you buy?
They were singing.
A cat is on the table.
Tom is a papyrologist.
How were you the first one to arrive?
Don't be a baby!
She is quite impartial.
I'm not affiliated with any party.
Tall trees catch a lot of wind.
The ancient manuscript was damaged in a fire.
This forest is very dense.
This forest is quiet and peaceful.
They began arguing over money.
She winked at Tom.
Mary winked at Tom.
You're just so superficial and shallow.
I just happened to be driving by.
Most basketball players are tall.
Playing basketball doesn't make you grow taller.
Tom is the host of a home improvement show.
Mary is the host of a home makeover show.
Tom is playing with wooden blocks.
Tom and Mary want to buy a house with at least bedrooms.
He pulled her a little closer.
He teased her and she teased him back.
You lying bastard!
"What's wrong about this one?" "It's too perfect."
Wow, that was close.
This house has a two-car garage.
Tom and Mary live in a mid-century home.
Tom and Mary own a vacation home in Florida.
Really!
We are very concerned about the future of this country.
Tom lives in a treehouse.
I can't go on without Tom.
It'll be lots of fun.
It wasn't a long list.
It was quiet in there.
It was pure luck.
It was lots of money.
It was kind of scary.
It was easy to obtain.
It was an easy choice.
It was a tough choice.
It was a team effort.
It was a good choice.
It was a funny moment.
It seems a bit unfair.
Matter is made of atoms.
Atoms are made up of protons, electrons and neutrons.
Protons are made up of quarks.
What are quarks made of?
Gluons glue quarks together to form particles such as protons.
It was a bit daunting.
It was a big decision.
It used to be bigger.
It used to be better.
It must be hard work.
It may take time.
It may not matter.
That was a good trip.
That may not be true.
No one will tell you.
No one will ever know.
No one was quite sure.
No one was in danger.
No one wanted it.
No one seems to know.
No one knew about it.
No one else was there.
No more need be said.
Most of us know that.
Maybe we'll see Tom again in a few years.
Mary is a lovely girl.
Are you still with us?
Are you ready to work?
Are you ready for it?
Are you having fun yet?
Are you happy or not?
Are you a good golfer?
Anyone can volunteer.
All Tom wants is love.
Do you think that everything that happens to us is predestined?
Tom looks a bit like John Lennon.
Tom looks a bit like Harry Potter.
Tom found a dinosaur egg.
No more needs to be said.
They want to see you.
They said it was bad.
They need to be told.
They may be wrong.
They know how to win.
There's not much more to say.
There's no need to panic yet.
There was a long wait.
There was a bad smell.
The men all wore hats.
The man's name is Tom.
The long wait is over.
The game was sold out.
That's not up to you.
That's likely true.
That's likely not true.
That's a good song.
That would be a huge waste of money.
That was a tough one.
That was a month ago.
That was a good year.
Your time's up.
Your idea is good.
Your idea is a good one.
You may not be right.
You may be wrong.
You know you need it.
Will Tom stay with us?
Whose side is Tom on?
Who are the bad guys?
When will the store open?
What's the goal?
We've been on a roll.
We've been fortunate.
We're not used to it.
We're good at it.
We worked hard at it.
We wish Tom the best.
We want to live here.
We tried to warn you.
We thought Tom was OK.
We think Tom will be OK.
We talk all the time.
We still want to win.
We practice a lot.
We only won one game.
We only have one son.
We need to think big.
We need more of this.
We need more of that.
We need a new leader.
We move around a lot.
We may never know why that happened.
We know this is real.
We know how Tom is.
We know how they are.
We knew Tom was tough.
We knew Tom was unhappy.
We knew Tom was there.
We knew Tom was in Boston.
We just met today.
We have to slow down.
We have to pay taxes.
We have three days left.
We have seen to that.
We have faith in you.
We have faith in Tom.
We have a new leader.
We have a house here.
We have a great team.
We can't stop Tom from doing that.
We all have one vote.
Was that good or bad?
Was that a good idea?
Blondes aren't dumb.
What is your natural hair color?
I feel like this isn't going to end well.
Tom didn't make friends as easily as Mary.
That's not a very nicely asked question.
Tom needs a new plan.
Tom might not want to help us.
Tom might not want to do that.
Tom might be the best.
Tom left a lot behind.
Tom led a simple life.
Tom knows Mary is away.
Tom knows how to play chess.
Tom knew where he was.
Tom knew everybody by name.
Tom knows everyone here by name.
Tom isn't an easy guy to get along with.
Tom isn't a young man.
Tom isn't a happy man.
Tom is still the same.
Tom is our only child.
Tom is moving to Boston.
Tom is five foot six.
Tom is a good leader.
Tom has what it takes.
Tom has made the team.
Tom has a valid point.
Tom has a good chance.
Tom has a barber shop.
Tom had a lousy night.
Tom had a great night.
Tom had a good mentor.
Tom can't ride a bike.
Tom can't be far away.
Tom is an easy guy to get along with.
I'm not particularly interested in that event.
The bees are disappearing.
More tea?
He said he was tired.
Humans are the only animals that laugh.
The room was cleaned by Tom.
Why are you so scared? What did you see?
I would learn Hungarian, but I don't have time.
Is this drinking water?
Take a short walk every day.
Will you be ready soon?
We've lost too much.
We may never know why.
We lost all our money.
We look forward to it.
We like Tom just fine.
We left on good terms.
We know what it means.
We know it's a hassle.
We knew Tom had talent.
We just wanted to win.
We haven't yet been told.
We haven't been told yet.
We have too much debt.
We have three of them.
We have the same goal.
We have plenty of room.
We have one more year.
We have no other debt.
We have a good chance of winning.
There's a good chance that we'll win.
We had a busy weekend.
Tom's sister is a nun.
Tom won't let us down.
Tom won by three points.
Tom wasn't ever in Boston.
Tom wasn't a nice man.
Tom was there for you.
Tom was there as well.
Tom was the lucky guy.
Tom was taught by Mary.
Tom was taken to jail.
Tom was shot to death.
Tom was ready to work.
Tom was ready to quit.
Tom was killed in Boston.
Tom was killed by Mary.
Tom was invited by us.
Tom was first in line.
Tom was a good worker.
Tom wants to sit down.
Tom tried to save Mary.
Tom took over in 2013.
Tom took off for home.
Tom took Mary with him.
Tom seems to like Mary.
Tom seems to know how.
Tom seems to know how to do it.
Tom seems to be smart.
Tom says that's a lie.
Tom says not to worry.
Tom paid off his debt.
Tom owes Mary a chance.
Tom only used it once.
Tom often wears a black hat.
Tom offered Mary a job.
Tom now works for Mary.
Tom never yells at us.
Tom is good at it, too.
Tom is a very nice man.
Tom is a very nice kid.
Tom has had a good life.
This one is the worst.
This is where we live.
This is way more than we need.
This is just too easy.
This is a major issue.
This is a good system.
This is a big project.
This is a big problem.
They think it's a toy.
They like it that way.
Was it of help?
Was it useful?
I always feel like sleeping because I'm pregnant.
Why are you hanging around with a married woman?
I can't believe you associate with criminals like them.
This way, please.
What should one do in this case?
How can we refuse?
It isn't that easy.
It rained that day.
It really was hard.
It sure looks cool.
It turned out fine.
It's a lovely idea.
It's kind of scary.
It's not so simple.
Let's not be naive.
Tom knows the area.
Who exactly is Tom?
Why is it my fault?
Tom may never leave.
We still have to go.
It's Tom's own fault.
It's been very quiet.
Tom manages a hotel.
We need Tom out here.
We respect Tom a lot.
When's your bedtime?
It was no coincidence.
It's not that bad yet.
Hunger is the best seasoning.
Use your head to save your heels.
He was right behind me.
Mary is an intelligent and highly articulate young woman.
This is good stuff!
The Grand Bazaar in Istanbul is an explosion of colors.
The disabled considered her their best advocate.
I want to see your mom.
I want to see your dad.
My sister does not talk very often about politics.
Tom and Mary painted some ostrich eggs for Easter.
We've got the championship in our pocket.
A Russian told me "It's hard to understand the Russian soul."
I'll see you at six-thirty.
Coloring is fun.
Oh, a chocolate bunny!
Tom was excited about going to the Easter egg hunt.
Tom hid the eggs so well that no one could find them.
The Easter Egg Roll is an annual event that is held on the lawn of the White House each Easter Monday.
Tom and Mary painted eggs for Easter.
Tom and Mary decorated eggs for Easter.
Tom and Mary dyed some eggs for Easter.
Tom and Mary colored some eggs for Easter.
Tom and Mary coloured some eggs for Easter.
Easter is an important Christian holiday celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Mary made a huge papier-mâché dinosaur egg for Easter. The children then painted the egg.
Holy Week is the week just before Easter.
Passover is a Jewish holiday that commemorates the liberation of the Jews by God from slavery in Egypt.
Matzo, an unleavened bread, is eaten during Passover.
Bunnies are very cute.
Bunnies are social animals.
Nature is the only book that provides great content on every page.
Life is a bitch and then you die.
Why can't you stay?
We were quite happy.
Luck was on our side.
Tom kept it a secret.
We have to work hard.
We're in trouble now.
You've made us proud.
Let Tom have some fun.
There's no set policy.
Tom said he's healthy.
Tom slept on the sofa.
Tom wanted to be good.
We know you're a coward.
We missed Tom so much.
We must not stop here.
We need that from Tom.
We need the truth now.
We need to be prudent.
We need to move ahead.
We need to start over.
We needed to have fun.
We really want to win.
We respect them a lot.
We talked for a while.
We were in last place.
We won't let you down.
We're glad to be here.
We're not proud of it.
When is your bedtime?
Where on earth is Tom?
Who knows what it was?
Who said life is fair?
Will we see Tom again?
You can never be sure.
You have a good point.
You may need a shovel.
You need one of those.
You need to speak out.
You're always working.
Are they all like this?
Are you a baseball fan?
Are you afraid of rats?
At least Tom is honest.
At least Tom was funny.
Can we just start over?
Can you make Tom laugh?
Have fun while you can.
Have you ever seen one?
Here are a few reasons.
How can Tom be stopped?
Play it again, Sam.
Why can't we all just get along?
Life’s a bitch, and then you die.
Hindsight is always 20/20.
You can’t trust anybody over thirty.
Don't trust anybody over thirty.
Don't trust anybody over 30.
Nobody goes there anymore. It’s too crowded.
Beam me up.
Beam me up, Scotty.
Mary said that she would buy the flowers herself.
Tom and his friends sat around the fire, talking about the good old days.
Objects in the mirror are closer than they appear.
Secure your own mask before helping others.
There are exits on this plane.
Each door has a detachable slide that can be used as a raft.
All exits are marked with an exit sign.
Please take a moment to locate the exit closest to you.
If cabin pressure should change, panels above your seat will open revealing oxygen masks.
Life vests are located under your seats.
The chicken was dry.
Tom took one bite and then spit it back out.
Tom pushed the food around his plate.
It's an indecent proposition.
It tastes a lot like chicken.
They have no children, as far as I know.
No, I don't sing.
When are you leaving for Rome?
How is your grandmother?
Which movie did you like most this year?
At what time do you start working or studying?
Could you pass me the water, please?
It's strange that no one knows the victim.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
I wish I'd known that Tom couldn't speak French.
I wish I'd known that Tom could speak French.
Could you set a date soon so I can see the house?
If humans had eyes all around their head, "in front" and "behind" would not exist for them.
I hate travelling.
I hate to travel.
Why is the rabbit a symbol for Easter?
The sun is shining behind the clouds.
Small pots have long handles.
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
I want a bed next to the window.
How could you just leave without saying goodbye?
I've always wanted to write a children's book.
Stop that thief!
Money freed him.
That movie ended up being a bore.
That movie turned out to be a dud.
Everybody was on the edge of their seat.
Zombies are bad.
What kind of movies do you prefer?
What kind of cars do you like?
What are your colleagues' names?
Who's truly hungry don't need no seasoning.
You can contact me.
Can you contact me?
Did he ever study?
I don't want to spoil the ending!
It could have a future.
Could it have a future ?
How is it put together?
How long will Tom last?
How much is that worth?
How old are you really?
Is coffee good for you?
Is it all resolved now?
It hasn't been too hot.
It hasn't been too cold.
It just took some time.
It just wasn't our day.
It lasted about a year.
It may not be possible.
It might not be enough.
It really is a problem.
It really is quite bad.
It really is that easy.
It seems to be working.
It was a bad situation.
It was a hard decision.
It was a little tricky.
It was a silly mistake.
It was a strange sight.
It was a strange story.
It was a stressful day.
It was all Tom's fault.
It was all about looks.
It was almost worth it.
It was just bad timing.
It was kind of strange.
It was kind of surreal.
It wasn't a total loss.
It wasn't an easy sell.
It'll be a fun weekend.
It'll be a tough match.
It'll pay off later on.
It's been a crazy year.
It's been a great year.
It's been great so far.
It's never fun to lose.
It's nice to be needed.
It's no problem at all.
It's not a money issue.
It's not a new problem.
It's not a real choice.
It's not an easy sport.
It's now time to relax.
It's only been one day.
It's taken a long time.
It's too easy that way.
It's very tough to win.
Tom says that he's healthy.
Tom didn't want his parents to find out.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out.
Mary didn't want her parents to find out.
She tried to talk him out it.
He tried to talk her out it.
Hard work doesn't always lead to success.
Hard work often leads to success.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of going.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of doing it.
Tom and Mary wrote a paper together.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to do that.
I don't intend to keep talking to them.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to do that, but he was unable to.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of going, but he wasn't able to.
Tom talked Mary into inviting John to the party.
Tom persuaded Mary to invite John to the party.
Tom tried to talk Mary into doing it.
Mary tried to talk Tom into raking her yard.
I don't intend to ever talk to Tom again.
I don't intend to go to Boston with you this weekend.
Tom begged Mary not to say anything.
He begged her not to say anything to his parents.
Tom talked Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.
Tom begged Mary not to say anything to his parents.
He tried to talk her into doing it.
Tom begged Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom lives in a bad neighborhood.
Tom won the Nobel prize.
Mary won a Nobel prize.
This school has a zero-tolerance policy.
Tom's school has a zero-tolerance policy.
Mary took a part-time job at the public library.
I started working about weeks ago.
I tried to talk Tom into coming home.
I told her the truth. I just added a few embellishments.
I tried to persuade Tom to come home.
Dreams tell the truth.
Tom didn't even notice that Mary had left.
Tom and Mary are frenemies.
I begged her not to say anything to Tom.
I just want to crawl into a hole and hide.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of leaving.
Tom tried to persuade Mary not to leave.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to leave.
That was the best part of the whole trip.
It was the best part of the whole trip.
It was a lucky guess.
Look at what you've done. Are you happy?
Mary burst into tears and left the room.
I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
I just want to crawl into a hole and never come out.
Tom suffers from social anxiety.
I almost got caught a few times.
We almost got caught a few times.
Just what was the plan?
So what are your plans?
So what if that's true?
So what's the plan now?
Thank you all for that.
Thank you so much, Tom.
Thank you so very much.
That might not be easy.
That was a funny movie.
The hard work paid off.
The stock market is up.
The truth must be told.
There are no jobs here.
They never spoke to us.
This is very good news.
This isn't all we have.
Tom can play the banjo.
Tom has had his chance.
Tom has lost his touch.
Tom is a house painter.
Who will go get the pide?
Tom is a wonderful kid.
Tom is just plain lazy.
Tom is only a freshman.
Tom is out of practice.
Tom is right this time.
Tom is strict but fair.
Tom is used to winning.
Tom is working with us.
Tom isn't afraid of us.
You guys are among friends.
I love you so much, including today.
Sometimes the system of checks and balances gets out of balance.
Tom isn't smart at all.
Tom isn't the only one.
Tom knows what that is.
Tom left the next year.
Tom lied to the others.
Tom likes to keep busy.
Tom may have no choice.
Tom really is an idiot.
Tom really knows a lot.
Tom seemed a bit angry.
Software is getting slower more rapidly than hardware becomes faster.
Jealousy is one of the most destructive of all human emotions.
Contact me if you have any questions.
What is the quality of the water that the Palestinians drink in the occupied territories?
Today is his coronation day.
One is never loved as tenderly as by one's mother.
Kids and fools always tell the truth.
I work as much as I can, but never as much as I would want.
I have two credit cards.
She's rich, but he's not.
I say that all the time.
You're not helping the poor.
You don't help the poor.
The golden rule of conduct is mutual toleration, seeing that we will never all think alike and we shall always see Truth in fragments and from different angles of vision.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
I don't remember how the story ended.
I couldn't bear the thought of it.
Let's keep an eye on that.
Could you let them know it will be a few more minutes?
I see he's still asleep.
Everything looks great.
He's going to be very weak and peaky for the next couple of days.
I'll be back to check on him before I head out today.
No need to introduce yourself.
I'm so pleased you could make it.
We're all big fans of your music around here.
We're glad this all worked out so well.
Do her parents know she was selected for the program?
You can blame that on me.
We weren't expecting you this early.
There's really no need to introduce Tom, is there?
Now what I had to do was figure out what to wear for tonight's party.
There wasn't much I wanted to take with me.
Looks like there's a storm coming in.
How often do I get asked out on a date?
Tom is relatively my age and he's a singer. That doesn't happen every day.
Do you think he expects you to sleep with him?
I'm going to let you go.
Did I come at a good time?
I hope you didn't have any trouble finding the place.
Are you thinking of making a career out of it?
I try to keep as low a profile as possible.
I avoid those things like the plague!
They just want to sell papers.
There's no way to please everyone in this industry.
I know my music isn't for everyone.
I'm more of an oldies kind of girl.
There's no crime in that.
I lived with a foster family for a couple of months when I was younger.
I was getting ahead of myself.
I felt completely out of my element.
Are you really going to get your license revoked?
Could you just take me home, please?
Could you take me home, please?
Could you please take me home?
It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.
They were drinking.
Melt the chocolate, add butter and mix well.
She is my heart.
There are only liquor stores and gun shops here.
With any luck, my cellphone battery won't die.
I was clueless.
I didn't say that I wanted your opinion.
To be honest, I don't understand it.
Tom seems out of touch.
Tom wants to be useful.
Tom wants to move here.
Tom was a good teacher.
Tom was a little upset.
Tom was grateful to us.
Tom was happy about it.
Tom was just not ready.
Tom was killed in 2013.
Tom was lucky at first.
Tom was waiting for us.
Tom worked as a farmer.
Tom's wife is a lawyer.
Do you have any questions about this lesson?
He led the meeting.
We must always be prepared against disasters
His brother watches TV all the time.
His brother is always watching television.
Is Tom really busy?
Is Tom really sick?
Is Tom really happy?
It still isn't over.
It sure wasn't easy.
It was pretty funny.
It's still not easy.
That may not matter.
Tom has another job.
Tom has been better.
Tom has other ideas.
Tom is still unsure.
Tom just won't stop.
Tom wants much more.
We're not like that.
How are you managing?
Is Tom really guilty?
Is that possible now?
Tom is wrong as usual.
What more can you say?
I forgot to pay the rent.
Perception is often more important than reality.
Perception matters more than facts.
It seems to me it will not rain today.
I think we should concentrate on other things.
I want nothing from you.
Maria wants to buy herself a new washing machine.
I sharpen the knife.
Today is your lucky day.
Put more wood on the campfire.
One enemy is too much, a hundred friends is too little.
To the mouse a cat is a lion.
When you shake hands with a Greek, count your fingers.
I can not find my pants.
A little more respect please! I am still your mother.
Today I will not cook.
The first of May is a holiday.
I have dry hands.
I do not feel like walking.
Maria never married.
The main problem with antitheism is its negation of my divinity.
I spent the entire weekend in the library studying.
I spent the entire weekend studying in the library.
He looks as though he's sleeping, but in fact he's dead.
Don't write anything about this to anyone.
That boy is skinny.
You won't be able to prove it.
What's making you laugh so hard?
The sun was hidden by the mountain.
My mother is afraid of elevators.
I thought it would be a good idea to refamiliarize myself with Japanese culture and history.
I like to play board games.
While Liisa went to the shop, Mark was reading the newspaper.
You will find the shop between a bank and a school.
I cannot leave them completely alone in the shop.
I cannot leave them completely alone in the store.
Is this the shop where you buy your shoes?
There are businesses on both sides of the street.
Go to the shop before it closes.
Go to the store before it closes.
My daughter is buying milk in the shop.
This is the cheapest shop in the town.
I am downloading the images.
The shop sells different products.
They closed the shop.
Thomas closed the shop.
This shop belongs to me.
The shop sells vegetables.
I was in the shop.
He was in the shop.
She was in the shop.
It was in the shop.
You won't be able to try it.
You will not be able to try it.
You won't be able to try it on.
Push this button in case of fire!
I am reading some books.
I have a few things in the hotel's safe.
We will begin as soon as possible.
We will start as soon as possible.
Don't ignore the most important question.
Thomas is just the man I was looking for.
Men are all the same!
That's not blood; it's tomato juice.
We are looking for it.
Is the shop close?
The shop wasn't very big, right?
The shop was pretty empty.
The shop was quite empty.
Sometimes we meet in the shop.
I wish I were as smart as you.
It's so foggy that I can't see anything.
I'll call you when I have time.
He has the potential to become world champion.
This material isn't elastic enough.
I'm going to Paris tomorrow.
If you follow this weight loss plan, it's guaranteed to work.
It is inevitable that I will go to France someday, I just don't know when.
You'd better rewrite the article.
Why don't you go kill yourself?
Don't teach an old dog new tricks.
It was entirely his fault.
This doesn't look so good.
Tom works part-time.
For dinner, I had lamb cooked four different ways.
It's okay for you to be here.
Elbonia is a rogue state.
Elbonia is a rogue nation.
Today I'm very proud of myself.
She talks like a truck driver.
Under the shadow of the oak tree, Tom and Mary recited haiku to each other all day long.
I don't want to ruin your day.
Is Tom really Canadian?
It's not easy in there.
Tom has lost his focus.
Was it a hard decision?
Was that Tom out there?
We just need more time.
We just want our share.
We knew them very well.
We live near the beach.
We were a little tired.
We worked hard on this.
We write our own songs.
We're all sick of this.
We're happy to be here.
We're not the bad guys.
We're part of the team.
We're ready to move on.
We're very discouraged.
We've had a great week.
It was entirely Tom's fault.
What are we paying for?
What's Tom up to today?
Where were you in 2013?
Who can it possibly be?
You have a valid point.
You raise a good point.
All of us make mistakes.
Are you happy with this?
Are you really too busy?
Can you please sit down?
Can't we all be friends?
How can this be stopped?
How can we prevent that?
How long will this last?
How much time is enough?
Is Tom faster than Mary?
Is Tom richer than Mary?
Is Tom taller than Mary?
Is it a good investment?
Is this what Tom wanted?
I don't think I'm the only one who noticed.
I don't think that I'm the only one who noticed.
Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?
Tom dropped me off at the airport.
We hope that storks will come to us again and again.
Let go the appels, boy / or the ‘Jump-on’ will get you / the ‘Jump-on’ is a strong kobold / who brutally punishes the thiefs.
“Everything is possible”, the boy from Dollbergen said, tying his shoe with an earthworm.
Tom likes the idea.
What are the facts?
Whose land is this?
This is your chance.
It's worth the money.
Let's keep it simple.
Tom still needs work.
Tom worked with Mary.
There's a pattern here.
There's a waiting list.
There's no one missing.
It was an easy decision.
Mary is a married woman.
Mary is a retired nurse.
Of course it isn't true.
Of course it's not true.
Of course, Tom is wrong.
Sorry for all the typos.
That guy's name was Tom.
That isn't funny at all.
What's Tom doing today?
That one is really good.
That really means a lot.
That was all Tom needed.
That was never an issue.
That was quite a moment.
That was the last straw.
That wasn't a good idea.
That wasn't so long ago.
That's a long ways away.
That's a real good sign.
That's a very tough job.
That's absolutely wrong.
That's not a good thing.
That's not an easy feat.
That's not how we think.
That's the plan for now.
That's what our goal is.
The baby's name was Tom.
The big question is why.
The game isn't over yet.
Do you believe in love at the first sight?
My friend lives in the middle of nowhere.
It's not a date or anything.
People don't always behave rationally.
People aren't always rational.
Mary buried her face in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
The blind don't believe in love at first sight.
Tom makes great burgers.
What doesn't kill you will make you stronger.
I'm not going to take it anymore!
I didn't say, that you could give your opinion.
He knew how ridiculous he sounded.
I'm surprised you didn't bring Tom along.
The kids wanted to play.
The news isn't all good.
The store is jam-packed.
There are no women here.
There was a lot of snow.
There's a sick man here.
There's no need to wait.
This is a complex issue.
This is a difficult job.
This is a grave mistake.
This is a real surprise.
This isn't an easy task.
This isn't good for Tom.
This ought to be simple.
This sounds like a scam.
The fortress fell into the hands of the enemy.
The car broke down in some remote village.
Mary was sleeping.
I am coming with Paul.
I am working at home today.
Let's look at the map.
Add more water.
Don't open it.
I will come when I can.
I am hoping against hope.
From a theoretical point of view, Peterson's argument is directly relevant to our discussion.
Are you ready for the worst-case scenario?
It's nothing serious. I don't bear him a grudge.
It isn't always easy.
She really likes going to the movies.
Eat your soup while it's warm.
How long have you liked Tom?
Tom's success spurred us on.
They went three by three.
I never found out why.
Let's play Minecraft!
It's beautiful weather today.
You should help her.
This story is about Tom.
This was all Tom's idea.
Tom already knows a lot.
Tom had a difficult job.
Tom had a great morning.
Tom had a rotten summer.
Tom had no such problem.
Tom had nothing to lose.
Tom has a difficult job.
Tom has been shot twice.
You ought to help her.
The bun was half eaten.
I don't think it's very healthy to cut out whole groups of foods like fats.
I have to admit that I am not a good person.
This phrasebook is very useful to me.
We arrived at the hotel one hour ago.
Our children were at the same elementary school.
Next week I will write an e-mail to my parents.
My son is eight years old.
When I was at university, I liked to study Latin.
My computer is old. Next month I will buy a new one on the internet.
Yesterday I did not visit my parents, but I will visit them today.
When I was in elementary school, I read this book.
"Are you hungry?" "I'm not hungry. When I was at school, I ate a sandwich."
My parents went to church, but I did not go.
Last Tuesday I visited the United States.
I am innocence itself.
My motorcycle is new.
Tom lives downtown.
His salary rose 10%.
I am leaving work, so let's talk another day.
Come and see me after work.
Come see me after work.
If you're lucky, you'll be able to connect yourself to a relative who has put more effort into studying your family's genealogy than you ever could.
If you sift through barrels of dirt, you may eventually find a flake of gold.
Did you sift the flour before you made the cookie batter?
I understood your feelings and thoughts even without words.
I understood her feelings and thoughts even without words.
He understood your feelings and thoughts even without words.
He understands your feelings and thoughts even without words.
I understand your feelings and thoughts even without words.
Stand up straight. Slouching is bad for you.
I can't assimilate the information fast enough.
I understand what you say, but I have trouble internalizing the message.
All of these sentences need a full stop.
I will be taking care of your business from now on.
I understand your concerns but I have nothing to do about it.
Tom has no such problem.
Tom is a real gentleman.
Tom is always very nice.
Tom is in constant pain.
Tom is right, of course.
Tom is still a bachelor.
Tom is the team manager.
Tom is upset about this.
Tom isn't a good singer.
Tom isn't a good worker.
Tom isn't a kid anymore.
Tom isn't that far away.
Tom knew Mary was right.
Tom knew what he wanted.
Tom knows what he likes.
Tom knows what it takes.
Tom likes the idea, too.
Tom looks like a banker.
I am a professor of Spanish.
He is my Spanish professor.
She was my Spanish professor.
I'm a Pisces, which means I believe in astrology.
The Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives resigned in disgrace after being reprimanded for cheating on his taxes.
Tom might not like that.
Tom refused to say more.
Tom said he saw nothing.
Tom said he's no expert.
Tom says he's innocent.
Tom says the same thing.
Tom says this is absurd.
Tom says this is normal.
Tom sleeps all the time.
Tom still has some time.
Tom still loves his job.
Tom still loves it here.
Tom thinks the same way.
Tom thought he had time.
Tom took off right away.
Tom used to play guitar.
Tom walked out on stage.
Tom was a great manager.
Tom was in the audience.
Tom was more than ready.
Tom was rescued by Mary.
Tom was shocked by this.
Tom was shot and killed.
Tom will have no choice.
Tom will quit on Monday.
Tom wore a white jacket.
Tom worked all his life.
Tom works all over town.
We have to keep working.
We have to stay healthy.
Tom is a crypto-fascist.
Tom is xenophobic.
Tom hates foreigners.
Tom is always on the lookout for suspicious people.
Tom projects all his insecurities onto people who look different from what he is used to.
Tom is no expert.
I saw a wolf, a fox and a rabbit.
Nobody I know goes there anymore because it's too crowded.
I heard about it directly from my neighbour.
The player was broken at love in the opening game of the set.
There's no need for pessimism.
Let's look at the map of the city!
You have a beautiful sister.
My suitcase disappeared at the airport.
The important thing is not to win, but that the other loses.
He has many accumulated debts.
I want to win for once.
I don't like stubborn people.
He had to sell the farm for debts.
The price of Coca-Cola at the buffet increased.
I'm not afraid of growing old.
Only miserable and inglorious death awaits you here.
In that case you only have to pay half the price.
He said, "nobody knows how to read" and somebody answered him, "you're wrong, I don't know how to read." That somebody's name was Nobody.
God made time, but man made haste.
We know that's not true.
We need to be realistic.
We need to move quickly.
We thanked Tom for that.
We were the only guests.
We're all tired of this.
We're all trying to win.
We're not ready to quit.
We just needed to relax.
We weren't tired at all.
We've had enough of you.
Who are they talking to?
Who are those three men?
Who else uses this room?
Now off with you to school!
Could I borrow your cell? Mine ran out of energy.
Every day one should at least hear one little song, read one good poem, see one fine painting and -- if at all possible -- speak a few reasonable words.
A correct answer is like an affectionate kiss.
This is a story about Tom.
I am getting crazy according to everyone.
His wife is Japanese.
My parents love each other.
Why are you angry at me?
He never forgets to pay a bill.
Many think that Finnish is a really difficult language.
I began to realize that I had misunderstood him.
Don't spit into the wind.
Traffic accidents happen every day.
A coconut is not a nut.
Do I make a lot of mistakes?
This hat is too tall.
You could have said something.
She advised the others on that matter.
Tom is a viticulturist.
Tom is a vintner.
Tom is a garbage collector.
We aren't kids anymore.
When we are no longer children we are already dead.
Where are you leading us?
Mary prefers to stay.
We discussed many possibilities.
We talked about many possibilities.
I am almost certain about that.
I not only forgot to close the window, I also didn't sweep.
She will accompany him.
He is so tired, that isn't able to take even one more step.
There is space under the bed.
I do not like to share my ice cream with you.
Do you know what you are missing?
Does Tom want a car?
Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.
How many kinds of birds are in your garden?
Wolves usually do not attack humans.
A storm turns into a hurricane when the wind speed goes over a hundred nineteen kilometers an hour.
I was not able to hear the sound clearly.
So you did not randomly see her yesterday?
A storm turns into a hurricane when the wind speed reaches a hundred nineteen kilometers an hour.
She laughed.
I promise you, I will explain everything afterwards.
I learned all of this.
He waited for her at the airport.
They had to call the firefighters to put out the flames.
Not all Muslims observe Ramadan.
That wine is good.
I think that you should not have done that.
They are too big.
I would like to start.
I think that he is too young.
He remembered that room 418, which was very small, was vacant.
I had problems solving that problem.
I always leave the window open while I sleep.
I don't like it when you bring work home.
We can't be friends anymore.
You were right to worry.
You have a bad attitude.
You can start right now.
Why are you so paranoid?
Why are you all shocked?
Hope springs eternal.
We're here to play golf.
What a nice looking car!
Where are you based now?
Why is this our problem?
So take it.
The clouds scudded across the sky.
Scientists have discovered that unicorns once lived in Siberia.
Horses have three gaits: Walking, trotting and galloping.
Are you involved in this?
Good luck at the meeting.
Have you ever used one of these?
Have you seen Tom's room?
Here's a problem for you.
How can we prevent that from happening?
How old is this airplane?
How's the food at that restaurant?
I didn't mean to be rude.
I don't feel like walking.
"How old are you?" - "Forty ten."
I'm resting my legs.
I'll see if Tom can help us.
Is Tom still on vacation?
It used to be peaceful here.
It's a risk we have to take.
It's what Tom would want us to do.
Let's rest for five minutes.
Let's sit for five minutes.
A light lunch will be served.
Maybe Tom would be willing to do that.
Maybe Tom would be willing to help.
Exercise has many benefits.
Why are you looking for a white buffalo?
Where did the cat and the dog go last night?
When did my sister sing that song?
When did that fat cat eat the little yellow bird?
How many eggs did Mother buy?
My brothers and I all share a room.
My mother isn't like other mothers.
That might not be enough.
That was three months ago.
I'm almost certain about that.
Two men have been arrested in connection with Tom's murder.
The police planted evidence at the crime scene.
That's not a reason to panic.
This may not be possible.
This might not be enough.
Papa, I'm not joking! I'm pregnant.
I can't open the pressure cooker.
I can't stand people who always speak ill of others.
She told me "good night."
Do not come between a husband and his wife.
Tom is a numismatist.
The grammar of Esperanto is very simple.
Esperanto grammar is very simple.
Termites are sometimes called white ants.
Hatred is the winter of the heart.
You always find something you're not looking for.
Look up to the sky. You'll never find rainbows if you're looking down.
The boy drew a swirl of colors, he said it represents the entrance to the world of dreams.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
You have bewitched me!
Everyone behave naturally!
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
Life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jellyfish.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
As I began to love myself I stopped craving for a different life, and I could see that everything that surrounded me was inviting me to grow. Today I call it “MATURITY”.
As I began to love myself I understood that at any circumstance, I am in the right place at the right time, and everything happens at the exactly right moment. So I could be calm. Today I call it “SELF-CONFIDENCE”.
As I began to love myself I quit stealing my own time, and I stopped designing huge projects for the future. Today, I only do what brings me joy and happiness, things I love to do and that make my heart cheer, and I do them in my own way and in my own rhythm. Today I call it “SIMPLICITY”.
As I began to love myself I freed myself of anything that is no good for my health – food, people, things, situations, and everything that drew me down and away from myself. At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism. Today I know it is “LOVE OF ONESELF”.
As I began to love myself I refused to go on living in the past and worrying about the future. Now, I only live for the moment, where everything is happening. Today I live each day, day by day, and I call it “FULFILLMENT”.
As I began to love myself I recognized that my mind can disturb me and it can make me sick. But as I connected it to my heart, my mind became a valuable ally. Today I call this connection “WISDOM OF THE HEART”.
We no longer need to fear arguments, confrontations or any kind of problems with ourselves or others. Even stars collide, and out of their crashing new worlds are born. Today I know “THAT IS LIFE”!
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire, not meaning.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity; more than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost.
Tom and Mary are still there.
Tom and Mary will leave today.
Tom has always been a pig.
Tom has been shot three times.
Tom has had three glasses of wine already.
Tom has offered no suggestions.
Tom has three adult sons.
Tom helped us save a lot of money.
Tom is a really good guy.
Tom is a really nice kid.
Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
In the end, everything is a gag.
Marta dresses badly.
Apparently, I'm a piece of garbage.
The gods had condemned Sisyphus to ceaselessly rolling a rock to the top of a mountain.
Do introverts have shorter lives than extroverts?
Personality is what makes individuals unique.
Carl Gustav Jung, the founder of analytical psychology, always respected the religious convictions of his patients very much.
I'm the same.
I pretended that I didn't understand.
I pretended that I didn't know what was going on.
I pretended that I didn't know Tom.
I pretended that I didn't know what was happening.
Tom is a martial artist.
Tom's the real expert.
She's the real expert.
She is completely naïve and believes everything people tell her.
I am glad to hear that we were not seriously hurt.
Someone help me, please.
Over-cooked fish can be too dry and tasteless.
Such things happen very often
All his efforts to learn Klingon came to nothing.
Tom is pretty good at it.
Tom is now ready to talk.
Tom is not at fault here.
Tom is funnier than Mary.
Tom is a very strong guy.
Did you sleep enough last night?
Tom took off his earphones.
That is very detailed.
That box is too small to put all of this in.
The results were amazing.
Did you really believe that is what Tom wanted?
Everyone talks about her.
I like this work because you see the result immediately; it's very rewarding.
Tom is as old as Mary.
Tom came in thirty minutes too early.
It is the same book as the one I have.
The plumber ate some mushrooms and proceeded to stomp on small life forms.
I like to learn the ancient language.
The cow goes "moo" and the cat goes "meow."
Is it a French wine?
Health is everything to me.
St. Crispin is the patron saint of shoemakers because he is said to have worked as one.
The performance of the learners in German schools is graded according to a scale to 6.
Odessa and Sebastopol are seaports on the Black Sea.
Parents used to tell their children that babies were delivered by a stork.
The horse did not want to get into the trailer.
Horses don't like trailers.
He did not say a word.
Do you have anything to report?
Have you decided what you're going to do?
Tom is a good debater.
Tom has a troubled past.
Mary has a troubled past.
This is patently unfair.
Do you like spinach?
It was almost too good to be true.
Could you please give this to him?
What's not to love?
That's a lie, of course.
That was a lie, of course.
They ordered a large pizza.
My aunt died of lung cancer.
Could you please give this to Tom?
You're still wet behind the ears!
You are a little late!
This game came out yesterday.
I remained undaunted as soon as I heard the news.
That planet has imploded.
That planet imploded.
This maneuver was improvised.
You must hold that dagger like this.
You must grip that dagger this way.
I want to chain myself to that tree.
Tom is still a young guy.
Tom is still a young man.
Tom is working with Mary.
Tom knows what Mary likes.
Tom likes the idea as well.
Tom looks a lot better today.
Tom looks just like John.
Tom really likes going to the movies.
Can I have a copy of it?
Your blood glucose levels are too high.
Don't try to stop me! I'm going to the party no matter what.
You always object when I try to do things my way.
It amounts to remaining silent and accepting his requirements if nobody wants to be dismissed.
Someone must find a way to stop inflation.
She managed to elude the embarrassing situation that she found herself in.
I am lost for words when you tell me that you love me.
Behave yourself, kid!
The boy was speechless when talking to a girl.
I hope the weather will be dry.
I'm a villager.
I come from a village.
I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be an emperor.
Chinese people are so inscrutable.
It is not as simple as it seems.
I don't know if that will be enough money for me.
This fish smells awful.
Why do you always have to get involved?
Tom doesn't tend to get emotional.
It might snow tonight.
Why do you constantly have to get involved?
That doesn't scare me in the slightest.
That doesn't scare me one bit.
Today you don't need to work.
That doesn't scare me in the least.
Most of the people celebrating are tourists.
A guest has sharp eyes.
I just want to get home safe and sound.
We finally decided to hand him over to the cops.
I recoiled when I saw how gaunt she had become.
Shut your filthy mouth.
Live a long and prosperous life.
Mom is in bed with a cold.
I'm not connecting your computers.
I'm not calming you down.
Welcome, everybody.
Welcome, everyone.
How does one stop smoking?
He loves rain and snow.
Do you want to drink something?
If I had a penny for each time Donald said something stupid, I would own a fortune of more than a million dollars.
I'm not a specialist.
My grandmother has a twin brother.
The weeks pass like dreams.
Sometimes my boyfriend flirts with other women.
Despite her flaws, I'm fond of her.
She barely was able to get out of bed.
Everyone came except for Marco.
This site contains content not suitable for persons under the age of 18.
This is a really cushy job. Mostly I just sit around drinking tea.
"As for the sheets, I'll hang them up myself," said the neighbor. "They're awfully heavy."
I tend not to get sick.
I don't get sick very often.
Have you ever been there?
How desperate can you be?
Is there a marina nearby?
Isn't this what you want?
It has worked out nicely.
It looks very nice.
It really is very simple.
It really isn't that bad.
Everyone came except for Tom.
Tom and I have been close friends for years now.
You gave me a headache.
He advised her not to go there by herself.
His statement was based on fact.
You're still a neophyte.
Del Potro missed a backhand long at break point.
Gonzalez's first double fault came at the most inopportune moment when he was down a set point.
He seems honest enough.
Mary is not jealous.
Mary is not envious.
He's vile.
He is hateful.
I can do something for him, but you can't.
The problems are easier than those I solved yesterday.
Mary turned her back on Tom.
That's just a personal opinion.
I'm sitting alone in my house.
You just reminded me of someone.
It wasn't a pleasant job.
It was really quite fast.
It was probably not true.
It was an incredible job.
It was a perfect morning.
Tom told me that we were out of time.
Tom wants to meet me.
Who will succeed the throne?
Tom advised Mary not to go there alone.
Tom told Mary that he thought it wouldn't be good if she went there by herself.
Tom told Mary that he thought she shouldn't go there by herself.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't go there alone.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't go there by herself.
You don't need to work today.
As many as 90% of the world's languages are likely to disappear by the end of this century.
She decided to stop smoking.
I was bored of sitting between four walls.
Listen closely and do not interrupt.
Mary gave Tom the sword.
Elizabeth the second is the queen of England.
I want to answer the last question first.
OK, let's begin!
There's a crack in the cup so the contents are leaking.
It worked out quite well.
It's a funny story.
It's a system that works.
It's a very slow process.
It's definitely possible.
You should be more up to date.
They have admitted their defeat.
It is said that the Japanese are very friendly to those that they know, and very indifferent to those they don't.
If I were to be born a second time, I would like to be Canadian.
He belongs to a big family.
Don't scream in my ear!
Do they still make cassette tapes?
It's impossible to tell for certain.
Would you help carry this up?
She stopped reading the newspaper.
He speaks incredibly fast.
He is eating the animal.
Let's not press our luck.
Just wait right here.
Just put it anywhere.
It's just what we need.
It's hard being a parent.
I told the policeman everything I knew.
He needs to come.
It doesn't seem very fair to treat him like this.
Here?
Should we run?
Did you wash up?
Choose.
I'll survive.
What are those spots on your skin?
Get dressed!
Agreed.
I worked.
Were you amazed?
It was an utter disaster.
The night was an utter disaster.
The plan was an utter disaster.
My date with Tom was an utter disaster.
You say that every time.
I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket.
What kind of car does he drive?
I felt used.
I feel unappreciated.
What's the deductible on your insurance?
I feel underappreciated at work.
I talked to Tom about my feelings.
I talked to Mary about my feelings.
I tried to talk to Tom about my feelings.
I'm confused about my feelings.
My parents love her.
My parents love him.
My parents hate him.
My parents hate her.
My parents don't like my boyfriend.
My parents don't like my girlfriend.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he's poor.
My parents don't like my boyfriend because of his race.
My parents don't approve of my career choice.
My parents don't approve of my boyfriend.
My parents don't approve of my girlfriend.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They think that she's not good enough for me.
They kept their relationship a secret.
They never married.
We are happy together.
Just follow the money.
Follow the money.
I have trouble talking about my feelings.
Did you find these at a vintage clothing shop?
I love this store.
Tom had a colonoscopy.
Good morning, sleepy head.
"Tom, what are you doing?" "What does it look like?"
"Tom, what are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Shouldn't you be getting ready for school?
Shouldn't you be getting ready for work?
When did you have time to do that?
Do you like it or not?
Tom lives in a small college town.
Were you ever married?
Tom hides some leaked documents.
I am glad to see you have apologized for voicing the untrue allegations, but you might need to apologize to the people this has actually affected.
It never occurred to me that someone would make up such a thing.
He gave me a thrashing.
We marched in the rain.
Who broke the mug?
Jaguars are eating your brother.
I've read about a hundred books so far.
We walked in the park.
We strolled through the park.
Are you prepared to take responsibility?
He's spotless.
I love the way you take care of me.
I like the way you take care of me.
Maria and Natalia are going shopping. They want to buy something for themselves.
Money is tight right now.
The question is why not.
That's good to know.
Tom is a great neighbor.
Tom is a great teammate.
Are you scared to talk to girls?
He was happy to hear her voice.
It's not at all uncommon.
It's not at all uncommon. In fact, it's very common.
A committee of experts determines how to allocate the money.
I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.
Please send me the doctor's bill.
He put his arm around my waist.
He needs dialysis twice a week.
I'll decide what to do.
Who wrote that brilliant article?
He laughed until tears filled his eyes.
"The Crow and the Fox" is one of the most famous of La Fontaine's fables.
Thinking of it made a chill run up my spine.
I want to know if you know who killed him.
Forty-five times two is ninety.
We guarantee the lowest price for a French language school in Quebec, Canada.
There was enough snow to close the road.
Tom uses that word a lot.
Tom urged Mary to resign.
Tom thought Mary was dead.
Tom thought Mary was cute.
Tom spoke for three minutes.
It was really inspiring.
John couldn't play the guitar.
Everyone is equal before the law.
Your car has been towed away.
You eat too much junk food.
You have a hard day ahead of you.
You'd better look at it.
You're just wasting our time.
Tom is too poor to hire a lawyer.
Tom almost got caught.
They were one of my favorite bands in high school.
Tom and Mary have sex about once a week.
Iceland’s prime minister, Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson, resigned after it was revealed that his wife owned an offshore investment company.
Iceland’s prime minister stepped down after it was revealed that he had ties to an offshore investment company.
This politician was accused of stealing millions of dollars in public funds.
Tom is stuck in jail because he can't afford bail.
Tom can't afford bail.
If you can't make bail, you'll have to stay in jail.
He reluctantly agreed.
She reluctantly agreed.
Tom was holding a glass of whisky in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
Tom was holding a glass of whiskey in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
The politician said that he had paid all his taxes and done nothing illegal.
Mary is a ballerina.
Tom is a ballet dancer.
You seem like a cool guy.
You seem like a cool guy. Can we be friends?
I've got two tickets for the concert. Wanna come?
I've got two tickets for the concert. Would you like to come with me?
We almost got caught.
I will decide that later.
Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world.
I'm not saying that that's good or bad. It's simply a fact.
You were good, now you're better.
The ice has fossilised many prehistoric animals.
Even a child could understand what I'm telling you.
None of this is very seductive.
Yesterday my wife and I went to the theatre.
After half-time the home team slowed the pace of the game.
This failure saddens me.
The festival was not well organised.
The more one has, the more one desires.
The railway crosses the road at this point.
On this train there is no baggage car.
I don't remember sending that text.
They are trying to do something impossible.
I don't remember sending that text message.
I pinched myself to make sure that I wasn't dreaming.
German is sometimes called Goethe’s language.
I'm thinking of switching majors.
I'm thinking of changing majors.
The bridge was destroyed by a giant robot.
They feed on honey and bread.
They have agreed to come.
Carthago was destroyed by the Romans.
Tom is an archivist.
I will not wait forever.
Mary is a librarian.
The Kalmar Union was governed by the powerful danish Queen, Margrete I.
We stopped for a sandwich.
Tom was happy to hear Mary's voice over the phone.
This is both a blessing and a curse.
The mayor cut the ribbon with a pair of giant scissors.
Tom was invited to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom lost his job just before Christmas.
A giant lizard is destroying the city!
That is self-evident.
Where do you want to travel?
I cleaned the house.
Tom stopped to put on his shoes.
Tom is a book lover.
Tom owns a shell company in the British Virgin Islands.
The leader of the opposition called for an independent investigation.
The Panama Papers show how a Panamanian law firm helped its clients set up shell companies in tax havens around the world.
Tom found a meteorite.
Whose fault was that?
Who's telling the truth?
Who are those three women?
When will Tom leave Boston?
What's the name of your hotel?
This meteorite was found in the Sahara Desert.
Some wealthy people don't pay their fair share in taxes.
Some rich people and corporations don't pay their fair share in taxes.
Tom flushed the drugs down the toilet.
He leaned over to put on his shoes.
He stooped to put on his shoes.
He stooped down to put on his shoes.
Never flush medicines down the toilet.
Never flush drugs down the toilet.
The mandatory minimum sentence is years.
There's a supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy.
I don't want cooked rice.
I'm not spoiling their view.
I hope to provide you with good food at a low price.
Tom's library card is expired.
Mary returned the book that she had borrowed from the library.
There's nothing illegal about creating a shell company.
Tom has many powerful friends.
This speakeasy is controlled by the mob.
I don't want any rice.
We're very proud of what we've been able to accomplish.
We've been told not to do that.
We've spent too much money.
This book is overdue.
Any wristwatch is fine if it's not too expensive.
The ship left the port, never to be seen again.
Tom works at a call center.
Don't stand next to me.
I'm not sociable enough.
Tom is an American citizen.
Mary is a Canadian citizen.
Tom is an Australian citizen.
Tom is a British citizen.
I would never do something behind your back.
I've worked hard all my life.
Tom has worked hard all his life.
Tom was charged with embezzling money from the city.
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
The princess rode in a golden carriage.
Why do zebras have stripes?
The two of them left.
We'll see Tom next week.
We're both very proud of you.
We're not on the same team.
We're proud of our team.
We're very proud of Tom.
Esperanto indeed is not difficult.
This is a very useful book.
Tom secretly wants his country to be purged of all foreign elements and return to a time that he views as its "golden age."
Have you tried turning it off and then turning it back on?
Try turning it off and then turning it back on.
Turn it off, then turn it back on.
Don't turn it off yet.
Make sure you save everything before you turn it off.
I loved to hang out there.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook for updates and info on new releases.
Who's this message for?
Whose money is this?
Why isn't that an option?
You aren't alone anymore.
You have to make choices.
That person, of whom you speak, is my sister.
We must keep the results for Thursday.
During the strike, 35% of the trains will operate.
The dispenser is so powerful that it freezes the water inside it.
The author of the phrase prefers not to be identified.
Things should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Tom is watching Sesame Street.
I've already answered this question.
Why do people have children?
Why do some people not want children?
There are no guarantees in life.
Mary is struggling to pay back her student loans.
Mary is watching a soap opera.
People in poor countries have more children than people in rich countries.
Things are getting better, not worse.
Things are getting better.
I feel like things are getting better.
The children help out on the farm.
They filed off the identification number so the engine could not be traced back to the original car.
They stole away quietly in the dark of night.
Who's faster, you or Tom?
Who made the decision?
Where's Tom's father?
What's the problem now?
What's in the fridge?
I'm not disconnecting their printers.
Raise your right hand and repeat after me.
Tom is the chairman of the board.
I read this book a couple of years ago.
Run for the hills.
Run for the hills!
The children were hungry and sick.
Tom loves going out.
Mary loves going out.
The teacher kicked her out of class.
The teacher kicked Tom out of class.
We're not yet through.
We're still not sure why.
We're very proud of that.
We're working hard on it.
We've met several times.
This train has no luggage van.
Work hard, play hard.
He ended his life by jumping off the bridge.
We are going to build a wall.
I'm not going to pay for that wall.
Europeans love wine.
John is my age.
John is as old as I am.
Who will pay for the wall?
One of the answers is correct.
I thanked Tom for the time he put in.
We're not so confident.
We're happy together.
We're capable of that.
We're all ready for that.
We're about the same age.
Who's going to pay for these tickets?
Would you mind buying a ticket for me?
I paid for Tom's ticket.
Who's going to pay for all of this?
How much did you have to pay for that?
How much rent do you pay?
Let's get back on track.
It's time to get back to reality.
The more people I meet, the more people like me.
By the time I was born, all my grandparents had died.
We'll be up late tonight.
We'll never let you down.
We'll pay for this later.
We're a pretty good team.
We're a real tight group.
I think you should come.
Tom wiped his nose on his sleeve.
His eyes lit up.
Her eyes lit up.
Tom's eyes lit up suddenly.
I'm still at the university.
I think you think too much.
Tom took a long warm bath.
Mary took a long warm bath.
We weren't aware of that.
We used to play together.
We took lots of pictures.
We still have to find Tom.
This is not entirely Tom's fault.
I only have one blanket.
I could hear them arguing.
Everything is connected to everything else.
Mary's friend whispered something to her.
Let's party like it's 1999.
In 1999, everyone was afraid of the Y2K bug.
The problem is that Tom doesn't want to sit near Mary.
Tom won the Boston Marathon.
Esperanto is spoken in a hundred and twenty countries around the world.
I'm from the same town as her.
My mother is a sister of their mother.
I saw my friend off at the station.
On the horizon, I see land.
She has always been faithful to her husband.
Don't let narrow-minded people convince you that your dreams are too big.
Sangiovese is an Italian wine.
Sangiovese is a wine.
Why do you keep doing this to yourself?
Don't worry. Your wife is not unfaithful.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss her.
It was obvious that she wanted to kiss him.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious that she wanted to kiss me.
You mustn't keep a girl waiting.
Thanks for the lesson!
You mustn't keep a lady waiting.
Thank you for bringing that up.
I proved them wrong.
I proved him wrong.
I proved her wrong.
I went to the book store.
I swallowed my pride.
I had to swallow my pride.
Tom is transgender.
Mary is transgender.
Try putting yourself in my shoes.
I don't want to be with you anymore.
Making friends is easy when you're young.
He was not terrible.
I will see my uncle tomorrow.
They govern themselves.
They rule themselves.
Every merchant praises their goods.
Each merchant praises their merchandise.
Sorry, I have other commitments.
The car broke down, so we had to walk.
I want to talk about my loved one.
The guys all laughed.
The girls all laughed.
I live close to an old bookshop.
Tom said that he had nothing to hide.
Nobody seems interested in dancing with me.
Tom didn't seem interested in making friends.
He didn't seem interested in making friends.
He doesn't seem interested in making friends.
She doesn't seem interested in making friends.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in making friends.
Tom swallowed his pride.
That's highway robbery.
That's highway robbery!
I tried not to look disappointed.
Tom tried not to look disappointed.
She tried not to look disappointed.
You are my girlfriend.
Even if you look closely, you don't see anything.
Your shirt button is about to fall off.
His answers were caustic.
At what time did you go to bed yesterday?
Add sixty grams of grated cheese.
On Tatoeba, there are more than 250,sentences in Spanish!
He has an excellent falsetto range.
The singer suddenly switches into falsetto.
We need to stay focused.
We need to weigh our options.
We panicked a little bit.
We respect each other.
We still have to do that.
The movement of the sun around the earth is an illusion.
A disproven principle. If A = B and B = C, then C = A. Is this true? Maybe. On Tatoeba C can be different from A.
Those projects offer a lot of new and innovative content and ideas.
We need to raise prices.
We need to be more like Tom.
We have to stay positive.
We have the same destiny.
We have nothing to lose.
We read novels.
A little work won't kill you.
Xenophobia is a widespread attitude in ghettos.
We all wanted revenge.
We had a pretty quiet day.
We had our differences.
We had plenty of warning.
We have no other options.
An American politician reportedly said: "All I know is what is on the internet."
He laid a hot-water bottle on his back.
He walked across the street on a red traffic light.
You've bought a car, haven't you?
Panama is a piker compared to Fifth Avenue.
I don't have money to buy a new bike for myself.
An often bankrupt developer of real estate repeatedly claims that his companies are enormously successful, while two lawsuits characterize his so-called university as a fraudulent enterprise.
Are you sure you want to live together with me?
For my birthday I got a music box.
He wished that I might understand.
You ask questions, that are unanswerable.
Even if all countries of the world and all the news media were to recognize the legitimacy of this racist regime, on the moral level it would always remain racist.
I am proud all my students have graduated.
He works from to 5.
What is the scientific name of the giant squid?
They use this book in Spanish class.
Take the ribbon from my hair.
My favorite hero is Hercules.
He loves his boyfriend very much.
Hercules killed both serpents.
I am married to Hercules.
Was Tom faster than Mary?
The train was packed.
Tomorrow may be too late.
Tom's real name isn't Tom.
Tom won't be around long.
Tom will take Mary's job.
Tom wasn't in the office.
Tom wasn't home alone.
Tom was a great teammate.
Tom was a great neighbor.
The train was very crowded.
Latin word order is free, but not arbitrary.
Without water, no life is possible.
Tom picked us up at the airport.
I'm not dancing for them.
I don't add sugar to my coffee.
I can go there as long as I'm back before five.
The monkey dances for money.
I gave Thomas milk and cookies.
There's no table in the room.
It comes after eating.
I'm going to be there from Monday to Thursday.
Tomorrow is not a promise, but a chance.
But then do you really want to die here?
No, the police aren't using a dog to look for a man. They're looking for a man who has a dog.
No, the police aren't looking for a man with a dog. They're looking for a man with a hat.
We're looking for a guy with a hat.
You have to chew the food before you swallow it.
Tom is a happy guy who likes his job and feels good about his workplace.
Reality is just a point of view.
I got a music box for my birthday.
Look boys; this bag is full of pears.
We worked for him.
I cannot say who is on the list because I still have not seen the list.
Mary wears too much makeup.
Different languages don't just name things differently; they also see things from entirely different perspectives.
You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!
He strongly believed that if he just kept trying he would make it one day.
What's good for cold is also good for heat.
I dedicate this song to my umbrella.
Every salesman sings the praises of his wares.
If you're a bit off, God still loves you.
The rain beats against the window pane.
Tom was a delicate child.
Tom wants to see results.
Tom walked out with Mary.
Tom thinks you're stupid.
Tom teaches at Harvard.
Tom was helping me.
I bought this medicine for my father.
All the soldiers were brave.
They don't need money.
The dog was barking.
I don't correct their exercises.
There are more people there.
Tom is picky.
I couldn't call you. The telephone was out of order.
I was exhausted.
I booked us a hotel in Galway tonight.
You licked his penis.
You licked the spoon.
I touched his hard penis.
Don't kiss me.
There was a fire near our neighborhood last night.
I'll give you the link to the website.
I think the crest on the top of the head of roosters is attractive.
There were nineteen graduates for the batch of Spanish class.
You drive too fast.
Tom said that isn't true.
Tom says that's not true.
Tom says that's not fair.
Tom seemed shy.
Tom studied at Harvard.
I'm wondering what'll happen if I push this button.
I lost my best friend in a traffic accident.
Tom said he wasn't happy.
Tom said he was afraid.
Tom rejected the idea.
Tom prefers to stay home.
Tom owes Mary money.
Freedom begins where ignorance ends.
He is very sad.
Esperanto sounds a little bit like Italian.
One withstands the invasion of armies; one does not withstand the invasion of ideas.
I will shower now, because I am dirty.
I'm afraid of cockroaches, because they are disgusting and ugly.
Tom kept his distance.
Tom is Mary's only son.
Tom is Mary's oldest son.
Tom is kind to everybody.
Tom is also a vegetarian.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore.
The frog jumps, because it doesn't know how to walk.
Do extraterrestrials exist in the universe? I think so.
To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds purpose of a life in reason.
Who wrote the two letters?
He might have seen it.
She might have seen it.
"So, what were you up to after the final exam?" "We celebrated with some booze, Tom threw up — it was a friggin' awesome party!"
I'll try to write about ethnic and religious minorities.
The teachers looked at each other, astonished.
He didn't succeed in carrying out his plan.
The women teachers looked at each other, astonished.
I recorded you singing.
Grow a pair.
The child is in the care of his aunt.
She has three sons who became sailors.
What's my doctor's name?
Have you thought of a good plan?
My portable computer runs Linux.
My portable computer uses Linux.
It's futile to feign illness.
I never feel comfortable in his presence.
All help is in vain.
We enter the classroom.
The lagoon's water is cold.
Although Tom tends to be a liar, what he has said is so logical that it can only be true.
The flower is in the house.
The big flower is blue.
The little flower is white.
Sometimes I'd like to know who invented winter and the cold.
You stand to lose everything.
I love all berries, especially strawberries.
He has a good appetite this morning.
Tom is a bit disoriented.
Tom is a great performer.
Tom is a great presenter.
Tom is a personal friend.
Tom is already waiting.
There were islands in the sea.
I like two men.
The turban is important in Sikhism.
I hate that damn song.
I came because of Tom.
Tom has kept his promise.
Tom had some great ideas.
Tom can't move very fast.
This wasn't an easy task.
This isn't worth the wait.
Get him out of there!
Tom is afraid of people who are more likely to be victims of violence at the hands of the majority than perpetrators of violence against it.
Tom harasses marginalized people on the Internet.
Tom is afraid of marginalized people.
Tom bullies marginalized people.
Tom wants to keep marginalized people out of public places.
Tom thinks the world would be much more convenient without marginalized people.
Eighty percent of Tom's vocabulary consists of snarl words like "social justice warrior" and "triggered."
Tom believes the philosophy of Ayn Rand is truly objective.
This isn't worth it.
This isn't really true.
This is extremely hard.
This is bad for business.
This is a terrible thing.
These flowers bloom earlier than the others do.
The empire fell as a result of the expansionist tendencies of its neighbors.
The battle checked the empire's expansionist tendencies.
They founded a state of which they were the elites, but were eventually assimilated into the local population.
The king was captured during the battle and beheaded.
The empire expanded eastward, in search of resources for its burgeoning textile industry.
I saw him cut down a tree.
Six and four are ten.
Tom admitted that he was a thief.
The monk prays for an hour, while the nun boils the herb in the kitchen.
They bought a new computer yesterday.
He denied the facts.
Mary said that she wasn't a Christian.
Tom said that he wasn't a Christian.
You met each other at the airport.
I can't always understand what you write.
Rome is an Italian city.
Tom took a sip of water from the glass and suddenly started coughing, as it went down the wrong way.
Do you want to go watch a ball game?
They've been here before.
This is a beautiful spot.
This is a biased article.
This is a dangerous road.
This is a great facility.
Smoking or nonsmoking?
No, thank you. I already ate.
No, thank you. I've already eaten.
The trains are running on schedule.
We call this city "Little Tokyo."
You work with Mary.
I'm going to read.
They are all wearing uniforms.
The two sentences are both coherent.
The number of Sony rechargeable batteries supposed to be collected totalled 7,659,units.
Do you prefer beer, vodka, wine, or soda?
It looks like there's no reception in this room.
Tom is more interesting than Mary.
Tom practices martial arts.
There's no such thing as a perfect human being.
Last night, me and Tom dreamt the same dream.
I don't like people like Tom.
Tom was praising you, you know.
I told Tom that he had to take his studies more seriously.
What's scary?
Tom is my ideal man.
Why are you stopping now?
Don't tell Tom what really happened.
Doesn't that look fun?
What is it that you're afraid of?
We'll stop here for today.
I wonder why Tom went and did something like that.
I'd like to ask Tom what his thoughts are.
Tom is different from other boys.
Entry is free on Sundays.
Tom's somewhere in the park.
Everyone has their own point of view.
The sound gradually died away.
There's been no one here.
There's a lot of traffic.
There was no emergency.
There must be a solution.
That's totally wrong.
You asked me what songs I liked.
I said I would tell you.
He removed his wet socks.
Pope Francis has admitted that he's "a bit feminist".
That's not true either.
That's not their fault.
That's not a solution.
That's not a big problem.
That's just the idea.
That's a good response.
Others came to escape religious persecution.
A devastating potato blight and famine struck in Ireland in the 1840's.
Tom likes ladyboys.
I want freedom.
I have not yet downloaded the file.
The fraction b/a means b times 1/a.
I haven't downloaded the file yet.
The question is how much.
The question is what for.
Thanks for your input.
That was a good decision.
That was the trouble.
Would you forgive me?
Long live the Ukraine! Glory to the heroes!
Starvation and disease were rampant among the lowest classes.
He doesn't understand English.
You're no good.
My fate isn't in your hands.
In the middle of the day, the sun sent its warm, pleasant rays into the valley, which transformed the expressions on the faces of the farmers we met along the way.
Drivers need to pay attention to the traffic lights.
Show me where the pain is.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, her mind hasn't been all there.
Beethoven was a great composer.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the shower.
That should please everyone.
Everyone should like that.
They need washing.
If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
Crime is increasing steadily.
You suck.
A prince arrived, riding a white horse.
I hope this lovely weather will continue.
I hope this nice weather will last.
I'd like to thank everyone who translates my sentences.
One hears with one's ears.
Recently I lost weight.
Oh, beloved native language, oh, enchanting mother tongue! You enabled my search for knowledge of the world, since I was young.
As a child, when I was sleepless mother sung me lullabies, and my grandma told me stories through the night, to shut my eyes.
Oh, my tongue! You have been always my support in grief and joy, understood and cherished fondly, since I was a little boy.
In my tongue, I learned with patience to express my faith and say: "Oh, Creator! Bless my parents, take, Allah, my sins away!"
We'll lose time.
Thanks for the awesome dinner.
Tom doesn't think that's a good idea.
Tom thinks that's not a good idea.
You're making me very happy by doing that.
By doing that, you make me very happy.
I told myself that was a good idea.
I told myself that that was a good idea.
Please don't forget the receipt.
It'll make sense when you're older.
I don't knock on their door.
I'm taller than he is.
I can stop any time I want.
I'm not an addict. I can stop any time I want.
You bought a parrot.
So are you translating or twiddling your thumbs?
You cannot defect to another country unless you can travel there.
She's not poor.
The octopus wrapped itself around its prey.
He disappointed me.
What do you like to read?
Prices are still high.
Play another song for us.
Perhaps this is wrong.
OK, that's all for today.
Oh, just put it anywhere.
Just a second. Let me finish.
That woman is very arrogant.
He suddenly changed his attitude.
If I were you, I'd start immediately.
My sister is so irritating!
His story sounds believable.
I'm under the impression that she has fallen in love with me. What should I do?
I have the impression that she has fallen in love with me. What should I do?
Hey! I'm Sepideh.
Everyone must do their own work.
Every apprentice must do their own work.
All of you must do your own work.
One thinks with one's brain.
The child drew a picture.
The function creates the organ.
'Biology' is a Greek word that means 'the study of living organisms'.
That's not her fault.
My sister does not think for herself.
Let's take a breather.
Maybe Tom tried too hard.
No one was badly injured.
Nobody can replace Tom.
Of course, it's not true.
Feel the burn!
The kids are really scared.
It's Tom's problem now.
It's not very durable.
It's not true anymore.
It's not quite enough.
Come back home before night falls.
I'd rather get a divorce.
That's a good movie, too.
All of these meetings are conducted in English.
We are in our homeland.
Stories are meant for reading.
He can't take it anymore.
He can't stand it anymore.
I'd like to finish the job.
His personal servants hated him.
I'm not saying that you're ignorant.
Are you familiar with the periodic table of chemical elements?
It has to do with a very important subject.
Grandma walked to the market to buy food for the whole family.
He instructed the boy to sharpen his pencil.
He told the boy to sharpen his pencil.
He has already read the daily newspaper.
My washing machine broke.
One who tells the truth, needs a fast horse.
Mary killed the rabbit with her bare hands.
Tom got Mary to drink too much.
It is magnificent indeed.
The bullet penetrated the wall.
He's no eagle.
Don't stoke the fire of discord!
I didn't know, so don't chew me out.
I didn't know, so don't give me a hard time.
I didn't know, so don't tell me off.
The regional council is dominated by the left wing.
Visitors to the zoo are not allowed to feed the animals.
What on earth are you trying to say?
Many people attended Tom's funeral.
Murder, rape, and torture are atrocities associated with times of war.
Today I saw the full moon in the sky.
I have a letter from you.
Be here at six o'clock on the dot.
Be here at six o'clock sharp.
Sorry I didn't understand earlier.
It was an excellent game.
It was extremely easy.
It was perfect timing.
It's a tough situation.
It's always dark there.
They're very close friends.
Liza and Marco have no financial problems.
I'm not counting you.
Learning English is not a simple task.
The hell with physics!
My brother couldn't stand her from the very beginning.
His hands were blue with cold.
This cork refuses to come out.
In my country, people can't stand others who are more intelligent than they are.
You're the one I love the most.
I used to play with dolls a lot when I was a little girl.
I'm voting for the first proposal.
He was involved in a scandal.
He told me his father was a doctor.
Classical Nahuatl had four vowels, /a/, /e/, /i/, and /o/, which could be either long or short.
This time, you won't avoid being punished.
I'm sorry, I have another commitment.
The basement is ugly, dark, and smelly.
Whatever might happen, I won't change my mind.
It pains me to have to say this, but it's the truth.
We can change if we want to.
Do not accept gifts.
It sure is convenient.
It made no difference.
I won't wait forever.
I wasn't ready for this.
Are they hiding?
They all swim very fast.
All of them swim very fast.
The Kurds, numbering an estimated forty million people, are the world's largest nation without a state of their own.
He describes himself as a democratic socialist.
Was this supposed to be funny?
Which blanket is dirty?
Which blanket did Grandmother wash?
How did they go to town?
How do all the children catch frogs?
How are you washing the blue blanket?
How are Grandma and Grandpa cooking the fish?
I hope your mom personally saw the places that I showed in the photos.
New Delhi is the capital of India.
We learn Arabic.
There are more than million Minecraft videos on YouTube.
Tom and Mary are playing Minecraft together.
Thomas and Marie are entirely renovating their home.
The natural feed of horses is grass.
Till the 18th century Yemen was the source of nearly all the world's coffee.
This speech threatens to be long.
I think they must be at least twice as long.
Situated on hilly terrain, the cathedral can be seen from a long distance.
I didn't know that babies could have political opinions.
Here's the funny part.
The bus may be late.
Both my feet are swollen.
Bosses are people, too.
Tom is intimidating. When children see him, they all run away.
Tom is definitely up to something!
You should talk to your mother more often.
All of them are different.
All of them were terrible.
All of these have expired.
All these things are true.
Anyway, it all worked out.
Anyway, let's take a look.
Are things any better now?
Are you good with numbers?
Are you really that naive?
At least it wasn't boring.
At least that part's true.
Both of them are teachers.
Can anyone truly be happy?
Everybody has to pitch in.
Everyone is taking a turn.
Everyone knows who Tom is.
Have you ever been robbed?
How many people are there?
How many people live here?
How serious is the crisis?
Isn't it always like that?
Isn't it better like this?
Isn't that a little harsh?
Isn't that what they want?
It probably won't be easy.
There is a lack of social housing in Paris.
A strong earthquake happened last night.
Raise crows and they'll peck your eyes out.
Switzerland isn't Sweden.
Iran is not Iraq.
I don't like when you bring your work home.
I misspelled the word.
I don't want to misspell anything.
I'm sorry I misspelled it.
It should be forbidden to invade countries whose names one can't pronounce correctly.
Everything was only a joke.
I mock it.
People shouldn't be allowed to invade countries whose names they can't pronounce correctly.
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all?
Tom always meddles in affairs that do not concern him.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
I wanted to save you.
I wanted to rescue you.
If you laugh a great deal, you are happy; if you cry a great deal, you are unhappy.
He caught her by the hair.
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
They were sorrowfully silent.
Any translation is an annexation.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
During the final days the weather was infernally hot.
I am not writing about myself. Any similarity is purely coincidental.
I wasn't waiting for you.
For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
Only those who believe in the future believe in the present.
One in four corporations doesn't pay any taxes.
Only in trusting the future is it possible to trust in the present.
An empty head is the devil's workshop.
Could you give us just a few minutes longer?
The clock is still ticking.
The church bell is ringing.
Can you see what's missing?
Both Tom's parents are deaf.
Both of them looked scared.
Be as specific as possible.
The audience was very quiet.
Are you ready for another drink?
Are the kids home from school yet?
Danes pay very high taxes, but in return enjoy a quality of life that many Americans would find hard to believe.
I've always considered you more intelligent than all our other co-workers.
Finland is no utopia.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Wood may remain ten years in the water, but it will never become a crocodile.
In books lies the soul of the whole past time.
A man does not know what he is saying until he knows what he is not saying.
I cannot bear this pain.
Winter brings many good things, but also bad things.
Colors speak all languages.
Do you bring peace, or warfare?
Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.
If you cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
It is in self-limitation that a master first shows himself.
Nobody who works forty hours a week should be living in poverty.
The day brings many things.
Tell me what you eat, I will tell you who you are.
The universe exists only because of life, and everything that lives feeds itself.
A dessert without cheese is like a one-eyed pretty girl.
Destiny grants us our wishes, but in its own way, in order to give us something beyond our wishes.
I put the key in exactly the same place where I found it.
Perseverance conquers the worst obstacles.
He lifted the spoon up to his mouth.
You should get what you want.
You live in a little house.
They live in a little house.
I'm not thirsty at the moment.
I don't know when I will die.
She has already spoken with the President.
I'm not in the office today.
I'm not at work today.
How long have you been living in Osaka?
We will eat together at 12:in the afternoon.
She admires the animals.
She was fascinated.
We shouldn't overdramatise this drama.
The Swiss are not Swedes.
Australia isn't Austria.
Cuba is not a cube.
Chile is not China.
I greet you, friends of the sun.
The residents of the Gaza Strip drink polluted water.
Clouds were floating in the sky.
Everything was just a joke.
Which is right: Iraq or Iran?
Germany isn't Kurdistan.
Austria isn't Australia.
Mary feels misunderstood.
Maria had only one purpose.
Mice are the dream of all cats.
It isn't possible to leave this island.
They said that I am an old lady.
Please call me Angela.
At the moment I am not thirsty.
We live in a cottage.
Action, not words.
Language creates conscience.
He makes a face like this.
I put the key back where I found it.
Wait over here.
The crowd is still yelling.
Do the police know about this?
Do you think Tom can be trusted?
The doors have been opened.
Everybody seems to like it.
Everybody wants to be here.
The exact opposite is true.
Here's an even better idea.
How does this work exactly?
How many people work there?
We are used to wearing shoes.
Tom bumped into a certain Mary on his way to school.
Tom swam in his clothes.
I don't think he's a lawyer.
I simply want to get a little sleep.
I was in the hallway on the second floor of the hospital.
Don't put the baby in the bag!
They've located Tom.
He took the wrong bus.
He returned home a moment ago.
I only ate a bite of bread.
Could it be that he has a crush on you?
Due to the snow, the train was delayed.
Venezuela is the country of my dreams.
How long did that take?
They bought the same camera as you.
He hurt his hand falling.
He made a speech.
The little girl opened the window.
They decorated the room.
You like Bob more than Tom.
Judging by the sky, we'll have beautiful weather.
When Mike returned to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
Is that your new boyfriend?
Is that only a coincidence?
Is that just a coincidence?
I'm not sure what that means.
I'm not sure that's all true.
I wish we had more information.
I think Tom can be trusted.
I have just three more questions.
I can't wait till next week.
How was that decision made?
Don't wake me.
That's the point you should focus on.
They rarely ever wake up this early.
That dog's name is Ken.
Is that your new friend?
Is that your new girlfriend?
Everybody seems to like him.
Everybody seems to like her.
Everybody seems to like them.
Tom couldn't tell Mary how he really felt.
We should go to a party together.
I scoff at it.
I need no justification for my actions.
I don't need to justify my actions to you.
She can't come because she's sick.
Due to illness, she cannot come.
I wonder why he wasn't there.
I couldn't hear you very well.
For breakfast, Sandra had a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
And that's that!
Give me a towel.
How much time did you need for that?
How many days are in a month?
Are you planning on voting?
Can this problem be solved?
Don't wait till the last minute.
I don't remember when I first met Tom.
Is there anything else we need to buy?
Is there anything else you want to do?
Isn't that against the law?
Isn't that worth some risk?
Isn't this kind of obvious?
It might be a while until Tom gets here.
It rained the whole night.
It really isn't that simple.
It sounds like Tom has been busy.
It turns out Tom wasn't lying.
It was a great opportunity.
It was a great performance.
It was a little surprising.
It was a strange interview.
It was nearly pitch black.
Tom sat on the rug.
Tom sat on the carpet.
Tom sat on the floor.
Tom placed a cushion on the floor and sat on the cushion.
Do you want me to open the box?
Tom sat cross-legged on the carpet.
Mary sat cross-legged on the floor.
Property is theft.
Tom woke up to the smell of bacon cooking.
I'm happy to finally meet you in person.
I haven't talked about this in a long time.
You should take things more seriously.
Tom spends a lot of his time in meetings.
It was dark and I couldn't see anything.
I wasn't entirely sure what I was looking at.
I'm not sure what I'm looking at.
I'm a demon.
He's a demon.
I'm talking to you as a friend.
I'm not censoring you.
He would give almost anything for that.
She rents out a room to a student.
Grab him!
It's actually rice milk.
Grab it!
That professor is an authority on mathematics.
They poked fun at some of his films.
Everyone knows you're crazy about him.
You don't have to prove yourself.
My father painted the letterbox red.
I'm envisioning all of that now.
Thank you very much. Thank you for activating my gag reflex.
I love trees.
"I love trees," said the squirrel.
Germans have a hard time pronouncing the word "squirrel".
It's doable, but not easy.
It's been kind of chaotic.
It's already much too late.
It's actually a good idea.
It's a waste of resources.
It's a very touching story.
It's a very special place.
It's a very serious matter.
It's a very serious issue.
It's a very large property.
It's a very important step.
It's a very complex system.
It's a very big difference.
It's a perfect day for a barbecue.
It won't be as difficult as you think it's going to be.
It wasn't like this before.
It wasn't always like that.
It wasn't a secret meeting.
It wasn't a hard decision.
It was quite an experience.
Loving is half of believing.
Do you know the girl over there?
A train is going to leave soon.
My ideal woman is shapely, intelligent and a polyglot.
He swam in the sea with his brother.
We know that we will die, but we don't know when.
Do you believe that elephants can contemplate life after death?
Everyone will experience it.
Guilt is written all over your face.
You are the guilty party.
Give me just a minute.
He is a demon.
Tom has hair down to his shoulders.
He comes from India.
Right now I'm not thirsty.
Birth control is cheaper than pregnancy.
He is a scoundrel.
He is a rascal.
Your plane will take off right away.
I plan to go to Europe in the summer.
He is a rogue.
This palace is the most famous and best appreciated attraction in our city.
Whoops, I shouldn't have said that; it simply slipped out.
Each student uses their own computer.
But something different came out.
God listened to my prayers.
You're not in your right mind, you.
It's just not good enough.
It's made a big difference.
It's nice to have choices.
It's not a good situation.
It's not a happy occasion.
It's not a perfect system.
It's not a secret anymore.
It's not always like that.
It's not always like this.
It's not at all surprising.
For breakfast, Sandra has a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
Lifeguards are not yet on duty.
Life is hard for everybody.
Let's look at some options.
Just be silent and listen.
It's still snowing in Boston.
It's really hot right now.
It's probably a good idea.
It's not just Tom's problem.
It's not good for anybody.
It's not even October yet.
The child is not crying anymore.
The dog went straight for the postman.
He's at the hotel now.
The old church is located in the northern part of the city.
I don't have any more time to talk with you.
She got a nose job.
What language do you speak?
This book is about animals.
As soon as he saw me, he fled.
Put your books aside.
We arrived there before them.
Everyone will know.
I will tell your father everything.
It's the first step.
I shower every night.
Is France on the decline?
I didn't translate this text myself.
For someone like him, it will be easy to win the presidential election.
You can't accuse him of theft without having proof.
My brother fell out of a tree and broke his arm.
The planets follow elliptical orbits.
He is the author of the article.
Your job is hanging by a thread.
No one can dry another's tears without wetting his own hands.
His face was full of hate.
Think before acting!
He thought he could take up the challenge, but in the end he just wasn't up to it.
That's easy to say!
Due to my illness, I couldn't visit you.
It's a plastic spider.
His soul seemed to be made up of good humor and goodwill.
I don't want us to get caught.
I'm going to write down the address.
He felt as if he were floating.
I wanted to kiss you from the moment I met you.
I don't write the rules.
You can recognize a bird by its feathers and a man by his friends.
I don't play any instrument.
The poor support the rich.
Did you let him know about our little get-together this evening?
How long are you going to live in Shanghai?
Lifeguards go on duty at 9:30.
Mary often wears high heels.
Maybe you're just an idiot.
The meeting lasted about three hours.
Nobody else seemed to mind.
Nobody ever talks about it.
Nobody knows how to do that except Tom.
Nobody likes to lose money.
Not everyone will love you.
Now really isn't a good time.
I should have let her win but my cards were too good.
We gotta haul tits!
I don't like rural horror thrillers.
This was harder than I thought it would be.
This was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Just try not to try.
Not everyone has access to the Internet.
You know Tom is a loony tune.
Books are the paper memory of mankind.
There is only one inborn error, and that is the notion that we exist in order to be happy.
In Russia, it is customary to remove your shoes when entering a home. Guests will be typically offered slippers.
In order to read what is good one must make it a condition never to read what is bad.
Please turn out the lights.
Please put some more wood on the fire.
People can be really weird.
People aren't all the same.
People are waiting on this.
The pain won't last much longer.
One police officer is dead.
Of course, Tom was invited.
Of course, this is illegal.
May I ask your age?
It's difficult to learn Korean.
Upon arrival, the firefighters discovered the house in flames.
To love humanity, it must be viewed from afar.
She has a strong bias against abstract painting.
Nearly all the doorknobs in this apartment were broken.
Will they go out tomorrow?
Who cares about bad manners?
"Tom is away." "What did you say?" "I said that Tom is away."
"Tom is loved by everyone." "What did you say?" "Tom is loved by everyone."
Where is my father?
I do what I want.
I want to achieve something in life.
I want to leave behind contributions to humanity.
"I want to learn Latin." "What did you say?" "I said that I want to learn Latin."
I want to do something of lasting value for humanity.
I want my name to be remembered.
Since when did you become so high and mighty?
I work in the Boutique of my friend.
I want to go to Japan someday.
Who said this to you?
Who chose you?
Chris will come here.
Where is my mother?
One-third is less than one-half.
"Tom killed Mary." "What did you say?" "I said Tom killed Mary."
I want to accomplish something in life.
Do we really need her?
Do we really need them?
Do we really need him?
There's no perfect system.
There's no need to upgrade.
There's no lifeguard on duty.
There are a lot of people in the waiting room.
That's what we're here for.
That's what we really need.
That's not a new complaint.
That tasted a lot like chicken.
That sure worked out well.
That sounds like a good choice.
That law took effect today.
Thank you for your letters.
A teacher's job isn't easy.
A reward is being offered.
Salt is used to thaw ice.
George Washington was the first president of the Unites States of America.
You used to like coming here.
Texting while driving is dangerous.
One language will never be enough.
We often hide our thoughts in front of others.
From what you can tell, what subject would he have interest in?
That is why all poets, all philosophers, all thinkers, all the producers of the greatness of the mind must be translated, commented on, published, printed, reprinted, stereotyped, distributed, explained, recited, spread abroad, given to all, given cheaply, given at cost price, given for nothing.
Are these the glasses you were looking for?
Yesterday I went to the river to catch fish.
What? You can't drive yet?
I prepared dinner.
Don't eat!
The body is mortal, but the soul is immortal.
He got drunk and chatty.
That's not something to joke about.
He did it out of spite.
How long do you estimate that it will take?
Everyone praised her.
Mary, why are you crying?
I know all about cows. I love cows.
I didn't know that Tom had a brother.
I didn't know that you were Argentinian.
We have to wash it.
You need a bath.
Tom said that he hadn't done it.
Peter denied that he was Christ's disciple.
Tom denied being a thief.
Mary said that she wasn't Tom's daughter.
Mary denied being Tom's daughter.
Tom denied being Mary's son.
Tom said that he wasn't Mary's son.
Do you usually wear a bike helmet?
I loved to read when I was little.
Do you know where your dad went?
They all searched for the missing child.
Welcome to the asphalt jungle!
The USA is a republic, but the United Kingdom isn't.
You don't have anything to do with this.
She couldn't imagine herself in the same job in ten years.
Did you give him your phone number?
Do you have something against him?
The storm has caused terrible damage.
He gave away all his old furniture.
The book is about a woman who enters a convent.
I was surprised that she recognized me right away.
They are apocryphal writings.
The diamond is a precious stone.
For months, United States fiscal policy has been characterized by weak credit.
The roads are blocked due to the bad weather.
She is on a first-name basis with all the customers.
The parents want their children to study.
Do you know a good motel not far from here?
A stewardess was saved from the wreckage.
They admire your courage.
His heart beat rapidly.
She turned her back on Tom.
Can you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
An animal can be much more dangerous when injured.
If you don't have this software, you can download it now.
It's not only Jim who is sick, but his parents as well.
It is only in accepting others that we can tear down our own barriers.
He turned down their invitation.
For my part, I don't travel to go somewhere in particular. I travel for travel's sake. The main thing is to move.
I'm happy with my salary.
I'm interested in ancient cities throughout the world.
I didn't even try to respond.
I like the boys and girls.
In order to get it done, you'll have to take risks.
What are you laughing at, Tom?
Am I allowed to go with Tom?
Will you speak Portuguese with me?
In order to achieve that, you'll have to take risks.
His appearance led me astray.
She told him not to get excited.
Tom apologized and left.
No, thanks. I don't drink beer.
God heard my prayers.
Give me a kiss!
My favorite fish is carp.
Do not leave valuable items in the vehicle.
In this country, everyone spies on everyone else.
I'm not insolent to them.
She said that she was not my mother.
Tom has a blue car.
The tiger ate Tom.
The man wears glasses.
Just get rid of it.
They have a lot of potential.
They said they were afraid.
They were wrong, of course.
They're better than we are.
They're having a hard time.
They're taking a long time.
They're trying to scare us.
My favorite fish is salmon.
My favorite fish are salmon.
What's your favorite fish?
The Jacksons got married in 2003.
The things we want, we are quick to believe.
Price reflects demand.
Were you looking for these glasses?
Someday you'll know the truth!
We live ten kilometers from Thessaloniki.
San Francisco has a "zero waste" initiative. It wants to send nothing to landfills or incinerators by 2020.
He took some horrible pictures of me.
Tom and Mary make compost at home.
No, not even a little.
Lead is a potent neurotoxin.
How many Japanese words do you know?
Where are all these wasps coming from?
Both the French and the English like to drink, but while the latter prefer beer, the former have a weakness for red wine.
Nature laughs at human suffering; Only ever contemplating its own grandeur, it dispenses with all its sovereign forces, and keeps calm and splendor for its own.
A package of flour weighs one kilogram.
They sold a refrigerator.
And I would not be standing here this evening without the unyielding support of my best friend for the past years, the cornerstone of our family, the love of my life, the First Lady of the nation, Michelle Obama.
Get moving!
Do you give your consent to the operation?
It could be that I'll return home late. In that case, I'll call you.
He grabbed the rope and was saved.
During her free time, she most often plays piano.
They like to look out the window.
Have you forgotten everything we've done for you?
Would you do me the honor of accompanying me tonight?
The thief made off with my wallet!
I sometimes feel amazed at how much crap some people are able to produce in just one week.
I only know that.
If I were you, I wouldn't go live with him.
The people here live a peaceful life.
My mom bought me a new skirt.
Who will swim most quickly?
Who will swim the fastest?
This is very, very unusual.
This is the actual problem.
This is really nothing new.
This is exactly what we need.
This is an unusual request.
This is an important step.
This is an important point.
This is an important issue.
This is actually old news.
This is a remarkable place.
This is a good opportunity.
This area is off limits to the public.
I'd like to return this book.
How much is the late fee?
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?
The money seems to have run out.
An injured dog can be much more dangerous.
You'll need wait until some of your traveling postcards arrive - then you'll be able to send some more.
Tom bought a dog for him.
Everyone was present.
What form of transportation did you use?
All big cities have transportation problems.
This isn't a private beach.
This isn't just about Tom.
This isn't what Tom wanted.
This method works every time.
This plan will never work.
This really is good bread.
We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one.
Her opinion is worthless.
That camera is the smallest.
I find your work very impressive.
That's basic economics.
That's basic science.
That's basic math.
She was genuinely surprised.
Come on, Tom. That's basic math.
Tom is a middle school teacher.
Mary is a high school teacher.
He said that he loves me and that he wants to marry me.
More and more students are learning Chinese.
I need more examples to understand how the word is used.
Tom was not satisfied with the service at the hotel where he was staying.
He gave her a substantial sum.
That's a violation of the rules.
Economists have predicted five of the last three recessions.
Who will win the next election?
Which side are you on?
Not thinking about a problem doesn't make it go away.
Tom is having a very bad day.
Tom is a real person.
Tom is not a real person.
First and foremost, you need to figure out why you're here.
Tom and Mary worked side by side.
Tom and Mary were witnesses.
Tom and Mary were present.
Tom and Mary stayed behind.
Tom and Mary are fun to be around.
Tom also likes horse racing.
This was the right choice.
This was a tough decision.
This time is no different.
This thing isn't over yet.
Tom said that he loves me and wants to marry me.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
I could hear Tom and Mary arguing.
Tom said he could hear Mary and John arguing.
This isn't entirely Tom's fault.
She likes composers of the classical era, such as Mozart or Beethoven.
Show me your new pocket watch!
He told my secret.
She told my secret.
I pretended not to hear.
Many politicians were accused of corruption, voter fraud and theft of public money.
She wears vanity glasses.
Tom wore fake glasses.
Tom admitted that he wears fake glasses because he wants to look smarter.
Tom has big ears.
Prince Charles has big ears.
We need to do it immediately.
Tom wears a fake Rolex.
I'm helpless without that dictionary, even when it's just for one day.
Your shirt's not tucked in.
Everyone's against me!
The birds don't seem scared of the plastic owl.
It totally worked!
Are you nearsighted?
I am not crushing them.
The poor mother could not endure the unfilial behaviour of her son.
Unfortunately I forgot to charge my camera beforehand.
I wonder whether constant exposure to commercials can lead to attention deficit disorder.
FBI agents staked out Tom's house for weeks.
Police officers installed surveillance cameras outside Tom's office.
Tom bought some cheap reading glasses at the local drugstore.
There has to be something that you can do.
Two minds are better than one.
Identical twins have different fingerprints.
The police weren't able to determine which one of the twins had committed the crime.
The prosecution could not prove which of the twins had committed the crime.
Going out with girls is exhausting.
Because he is there.
She went to school by car.
Let's have tea at three.
The traveler saw a light from afar and rejoiced.
Do you know his email address?
What do they sell?
My dad goes out for a walk every morning.
To buy books would be a good thing if we could also buy the time to read them; as it is, the mere act of purchasing them is often mistaken for the assimilation and mastering of their contents.
You are just the man I wanted to see.
Tom couldn't play the guitar.
Tom doesn't seem to be too worried.
Tom filled the balloon with helium.
Tom had a mental breakdown.
Tom had absolutely no idea what to do.
Tom had absolutely no idea what was going on.
Tom had plenty of chances.
Common sense is not so common.
I can barely hear him.
He's coming home again.
My niece is the daughter of my sister.
My niece is my sister's daughter.
I'm not dictating them.
I consider that very serious, for several reasons.
That movie is just swords and sorcery in space.
Time is a god of the poor.
You've been here way too long.
You're such a hard worker.
You're busy all the time.
You'll be very happy here.
You were supposed to be helping Tom, you know.
You need a new girlfriend.
You can't ignore the risk.
You can make a difference.
The worst is probably over.
Won't you stay for supper?
A face without freckles is like a sky without stars.
The African ground squirrels collaborate and are not aggresive to other mammals.
Sorry, I didn't understand earlier.
Where's all the money now?
Which do you think is the best solution?
Who can solve the problem?
Who makes the decisions here?
Why are these people here?
Why are we being punished?
Why was there nobody here?
Why's everything so dark?
Will doing this make a difference?
Will it make a difference?
What is the loading capacity of that van?
I hope that incident won't cause you any grief when you try to leave the country.
Where did Tom and Mary go last night?
Where are Tom and Mary staying?
What was the real problem?
What exactly was the plan?
What are the side effects of this medicine?
We've run out of patience.
We've had some tough times.
We're still best friends.
We're running out of food.
We're really proud of Tom.
That is a hell of a thing.
This planet is in serious danger.
His mother died yesterday.
Her mother died yesterday.
His nose is big.
Her nose is big.
He found a faithful friend.
Tom not only denied that he was Mary's friend, but that he even knew her.
Mary not only denied that she was Tom's friend, but that she even knew him.
Tom's car is blue.
You are the salt of the earth.
We need a political revolution.
My family still has their Christmas lights out even though it is April 21st.
Be quiet! They're sleeping!
What are we actually talking about?
Tom doesn't drink now.
We all have children.
My dad likes tennis.
I only have butter in the fridge.
I only have butter in the refrigerator.
My wife is a physician.
I came earlier than usual.
Corporal punishment is forbidden in Sweden.
The library is in the middle of town.
I need a pencil. Can I borrow one of your pencils?
I need a pencil. Can I borrow one of yours?
Is VAT included in the price?
She can't resist ice cream.
Judith's German accent is beautiful.
She plays hockey on the weekends.
How can you be so stupid?
How can one be so stupid?
She called her mother.
Is he from Japan?
He didn't have the slightest awning what her last name is.
She learned the hard way.
I've never seen a red refrigerator.
I want to write a letter to Santa. But can Santa read Japanese?
His failure is a consequence of my success.
We rented a car for a week while we were in Italy.
My son went to the United States to study medicine.
I've never met Mary.
It's the easiest thing to remember.
We'll do that, but probably not this week.
We'll have to be prepared.
We'll learn the truth soon.
We'll meet at the station.
We'll use anything we can.
We're all waiting for you.
We're having a great time.
We're having a tough time.
We're in a deep recession.
We're not afraid of death.
We're not happy with this.
We're not open for business yet.
We're not really sure yet.
We're not worried about it.
We're pretty proud of that.
We're ready to do that.
Hello, boys!
No one is laughing.
We were just being honest.
We were all pretty shocked.
We waited there all night.
We thought it was perfect.
We talked for thirty minutes.
We shouldn't be discussing this now.
We need to maintain focus.
We need to be responsible.
We need stricter gun laws.
We need many other things.
We need a positive result.
We lived in Boston for three years.
We left no stone unturned.
We know where you've been.
We knew someone was there.
Tom received a liver transplant.
Tom was caught shoplifting.
Mary was caught shoplifting.
Yoga can help reduce stress.
Yoga can help lower stress.
We just kept working hard.
We have to keep this secret.
We have problems to solve.
We had to start somewhere.
We had a difficult winter.
We eventually will have to do that.
Your upper back is really tight.
Your shoulder muscles are really tight.
Did I touch a raw nerve?
Tom's father's name is John.
Tom's recovery took a year.
Tom's wife is still alive.
Torture is against the law.
Truth is a dangerous thing.
Try not to repeat yourself.
Wait just a minute, please.
Waiting isn't a good idea.
Every man must eat and drink.
A judge must obey not the king, but the law.
A judge has to obey the law, not the king.
Everyone likes beautiful things.
Mary likes the sciences.
Tom likes horses.
He likes horror films.
It's not just Tom's fault.
It's not possible to wait.
It's not that windy today.
It's not worth it anymore.
It's really kind of funny.
It's time to move forward.
It's time to stop waiting.
It's totally worth a shot.
The choice is still yours.
The choice is very simple.
Tom wished that he could play the guitar.
Tom's father is a musician.
Tom's father is in prison.
Why do you think Tom was absent today?
The water is really dirty.
It's very, very hard work.
Just what is Tom's secret?
The kids are already here.
The kids are running wild.
Mary is Tom's second wife.
Maybe that'll be enough.
Maybe we really are alone.
The movie was really good.
No one knows what's right.
Nobody likes to pay taxes.
Nobody offered Tom a seat.
Nothing is known for sure.
Of course, we're prepared.
OK, let's make this quick.
People are very nice here.
I've always loved Egyptian culture
Tom will need some support.
Tom will be the instructor.
Tom will be ready tomorrow.
Tom weighs just pounds.
Tom wasn't wearing a shirt.
I've been waiting for this for a year.
I'm sure that he'll come.
She is definitely innocent.
Our success is guaranteed.
It's anybody's guess.
There are no two ways about it.
He's a dead cert for the job.
The film was better than I expected it to be.
He can't compare with you.
In comparison with his brother, he was shy.
He claims his wife doesn't understand him.
I didn't quite grasp what she meant.
I just can't fathom it.
I heard what you said, but it didn't sink in at the time.
He took in the situation at a glance.
Why he wants to go there is beyond me.
Her lecture was completely over my head.
She's a bit out of her depth in her new job.
It's my belief that he's lying.
It's beyong belief.
Believe it or not, he fell for her.
The government has lost credibility with the public.
Your story seems a bit far-fetched to me.
This was a winter evening.
He's an awful busybody.
That night was very cold.
They were agog to hear the latest news.
I didn't mean to be nosy.
I'm very disappointed in him. He has been such a disappointment.
I found the film very disappointing.
Mary has been badly let down.
The party was a bit of a letdown.
Tom was an adventurous boy.
Tom was barely able to get out of bed.
Tom was just being honest.
Tom was killed in October.
Tom was liked by everybody.
Tom was liked by everyone.
Tom was looking for advice.
Tom was realistic about it.
Tom was stabbed three times.
When it comes to personality, Tom and Mary are as different as chalk and cheese.
No two are alike.
That's a tall order. We have to work at it.
I'm very sceptical about their claims.
Tom is hesitating about buying the house.
I'm in two minds about going.
Mary is in a bit of a quandary over whether to tell Tom or not.
Tom's employer called his honesty into question.
You must take what Tom said with a pinch of salt.
I was mixing you up with your older brother.
I'm getting all mixed up.
My things are all in a jumble.
Tom was in a real muddle over his holiday plans.
There is some confusion as to who won.
It is a ragbag of ideas.
We're hoping for good weather.
It's everybody's dream to win the lottery.
I must admit that things are looking quite optimistic.
That's a bit of wishful thinking.
They were sanguine about the company's prospects.
He is plainly wrong.
It goes without saying that we'll travel together.
It was a blatant attempt to win Tom over.
The experiment was a conspicuous failure.
You can tell a mile away.
Tom was always different from the other kids.
Tom was a wonderful person.
Tom was a terrible teacher.
Tom was a psychology major.
Tom visited Mary last week.
Tom usually walks home from school.
Tom turned down that offer.
Tom tried to strangle Mary.
Tom tried to be neighborly.
Tom told me his father wasn't at home.
Tom told me his father was rich.
Tom told me his father was pretty good at playing the guitar.
Tom told me his father was in the hospital.
Tom told me his father was born in Boston.
Tom told me his father was a doctor.
Tom told me his father could speak French.
Tom takes his job seriously.
Tom still lives by himself.
Tom still has the knapsack his father gave him.
Tom stayed with his father.
Tom wants to party all the time.
Tom just wants to party all the time.
Tom loves programming and computer science.
Tom starts work on Monday.
Tom started singing a song.
Tom spent three months in jail.
Tom showed up Monday night.
Tom showed me his schedule.
Tom seems very sure of himself.
Tom says that's not enough.
Tom says he's not worried.
Tom says he wasn't here yesterday. It must've been someone else.
Tom says he has experience.
We're having guests tomorrow night.
You must bring your passport with you to the bank.
I don't remember what his name is.
You can't teach old dogs new tricks.
Can't we just stroll around the park?
I wanted to know what had happened.
He's quick-witted.
Nothing's certain when it comes to him.
Is this real silver?
He did it out of a sense of duty.
Can you cook this meat a little more?
I'm meeting a friend after school.
He always connects to his childhood in his books.
He looked very serious.
He's going to give in to temptation.
In Finnish, you don't aspirate the consonants k, p, and t.
I don't like talking in front of people.
I don't like public speaking.
Tom was caught off guard by the news.
She didn't even open the present he gave her.
They've been very nice to me.
They have been very nice to me.
His fiancee is already married.
I'm completely on your side.
Tom is partly right on that.
Tom is still in good health.
Tom is still kind of young.
Tom is still the same guy.
Tom isn't a rookie anymore.
Tom knew there were risks.
Tom knows right from wrong.
Tom knows we're interested.
Tom knows what that's about.
Tom lives with his father.
Tom might already be there.
Tom only had three dollars with him.
Tom opened the trunk and took out the spare tire.
Tom passed away last week.
Tom passed away on Monday.
Tom probably dyes his hair.
Tom reads to his daughter.
Tom said he wasn't happy here.
Tom said Mary seemed scared.
Tom said there was nothing to worry about.
This is what you can do in order to improve your language skills.
Go fuck a refrigerator, peckerneck.
I didn't come here to party.
Tom is my age, or maybe a little younger.
Tom was wearing a pink polo shirt.
This is the most absurd thing I have ever heard.
This is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
This is the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
I feel very confident.
He's just trying to make you jealous.
Tom ate his lunch at his desk.
I think that she's trying to make you jealous.
To choose time is to save time.
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts he shall end in certainties.
I didn't want to cause a scene.
Friendship redoubles joy and cuts grief in half.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Books are ships which pass through the vast sea of time.
Cops came with guns drawn, as I was talking to the owner on the phone.
Honestly, his speeches are always boring.
Otherwise, run-off elections take place with the participation of the two candidates with the largest number of votes received in the first round.
Only in the second round the Communist Party told the working class: "Do not vote for the right wing."
Tom has returned from his trip.
Tom has worked really hard.
Tom hasn't been here since then.
Tom hasn't been there yet.
Tom hasn't read the report you wrote.
Tom is a really smart guy.
Tom is a strong young man.
Tom is a tough little guy.
Tom is a wonderful person.
Tom is extremely arrogant.
Tom is glad it's all over.
Tom is in stable condition.
Tom is just a regular guy.
Tom is looking a lot better.
Tom is Mary's first cousin.
Why is he asking Tom?
Why are you asking Tom?
I spend most of my time dancing in my living room.
Thanks, you're an angel.
I like pastel colors.
You shouldn't be talking to Tom.
Tom won't be back before 2:30.
Tom has really good ideas.
Tom has plenty of options.
Tom has no criminal record.
Tom has never been in any trouble.
Tom has his own apartment.
Tom has been suffering a lot.
Tom has been released from jail.
Tom has been here ever since.
Tom has been a good teammate.
I don't say goodbye, I say "until next time."
Tom has already signed the contract.
Tom has a younger brother.
Tom has a similar problem.
Tom has a meeting tomorrow.
Tom has a good personality.
This isn't the first time.
This is an unusual policy.
This is an important time.
This is a serious mistake.
They're lucky to be alive.
There's plenty of parking.
There's no problem at all.
That's unfair competition.
That's just not very good.
That's a great suggestion.
That was just an accident.
That was a special moment.
Take an umbrella with you.
Surely Tom can be trusted.
Some people have no shame.
The results were very bad.
The process will be messy.
The procedure is the same.
The larks are warbling in the air.
We're in shape.
In reality, it is only held together by duct-tape and zip-ties.
Do you know how to read the Russian alphabet?
I ate a banana wrapped in edible rice paper and caramel.
I like the unique taste of salted caramel.
The Russian alphabet is not that difficult to me.
They jumped.
My mother prepared breakfast.
Fun isn't always funny.
We're looking for it.
Tom has many powerful friends in Washington.
When did you first notice that Tom was missing?
The crowd erupted into laughter.
The crowd erupted into applause.
I have purchased eight acres of land for my retirement.
We fell for each other immediately.
They fell for each other immediately.
Mary is smart, sexy and successful.
I closed my eyes and listened to the sound of the ocean.
Tom closed his eyes and listened to the sound of the waves crashing on the beach.
The birds were chirping happily.
You spend more time with him than me.
You spend more time with them than me.
You spend more time with her than me.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
He just carried out the sentence.
You're beginning to worry me.
In what area are you experts?
What is your area of expertise?
My cheeks were red.
I don't build their cabins.
We're going to the movie theater.
The sun caressed her body.
He'll be back by Monday at the latest.
Try to look confident.
Tell your grandfather I say hi.
Tom is eating a sandwich in the lunchroom.
I wish I'd had more time to prepare.
Have you kissed him yet?
Have you kissed her yet?
Judge by the result.
Are you off your meds?
The therapy is in session.
The show is about to start.
The word comes from Greek.
The lunatics have taken over the asylum.
How many stars and planets are there in the universe?
In which house did you live previously?
Alarming news came from the suburbs.
He's gone bankrupt due to gambling debts.
They're alone over there.
That wasn't an order - merely a suggestion.
The moment of truth will come soon enough.
Through her communication with Taro, Maria finally had the chance to better her Japanese.
Will she still remember in some years' time what I've promised her?
We studied Japanese pronunciation.
Everyone was somewhat tired after the daylong flight.
He's looking now as if he were sick.
There are only two paths out from this house.
Fill the flower vase with water.
I'll take from it what I wish.
It'd be about time to reply to his letter.
It was already late; my sister, however, had still not yet returned; and I grew slowly restless.
Our work concerns peace.
As soon as I'm back in Shanghai, I'll cook up a delicious meal of rice noodles with crab.
The coffee has got to be as hot as a girl's kiss on the first date, as sweet as those nights in her arms, and as dark as the curse of her mother when she finds out.
My hobbies are cooking and reading.
It's in one piece.
According to Tom, Danish is the most beautiful language in the world.
He sent me.
Tom crumpled up some leaves.
Make your bed!
His ties were always wrinkled.
We have reached a partnership agreement.
Can I get my money back?
What you propose is impossible.
What kind of a person is Tom?
Tom is really handsome.
Tom is a clever kid.
I feel like everybody's watching me.
I also like you.
We are waiting for Tom.
Tom isn't an angel.
Tom is not an angel.
He is an author.
Being something special seems to be Britain's first priority.
You are really putting me off.
Unfortunately, it was just manual work.
Call it whatever you want.
Due to the storm, we couldn't leave the house.
All of them except one have citizenship.
They're all citizens except for one.
I'm not fulfilling their dreams.
They say he's got a screw loose.
She asked him to come over to her.
Four families lost their lives in the fire.
He clung to the hope of seeing her again one day.
My friend has been shot.
You can't keep that secret.
I liked the discussion with him.
I don't see any reason to complain.
I don't have anything to complain about.
You'll feel cold.
Many parents think there's too much violence on television.
Please correct me if I make a mistake.
You have my condolences.
He has an inexplicable talent for mathematics.
Dark clouds are rolling in. It's going to rain.
You need to learn how to be assertive.
Are they all ready?
Are all of them ready?
He confessed his love for her.
You are bright and glowy this morning.
Girls, open your eyes, marriage isn't buying a horse.
He wanted to work as much as a dead dog wants to bark.
Tom has a hole in his sock.
Don't misuse this product!
German has more words for snow than many other languages.
This book profoundly impressed me.
Don't say these hideous words again!
It is very boring to have nothing to do.
She is reputable, rational and above all pretty.
Sometimes the best pork comes from a bad pig.
"Do you have your jumper on the wrong way around, Tom?" - "That may well be."
I am, and remain, his boyfriend.
That is worth three hundred dollars.
Come and see for yourself!
How much is a room for two people in this five-star hotel?
Only give your opinion when it is requested.
Your boundaries don't confine me.
Envied bread tastes good.
Don't underestimate yourself.
Have you ever just let the chocolate melt in your mouth? I swear, it tastes even better this way.
I gave her money, so she could buy me earphones.
I'm a seriously ill man.
In this flat lives an evil spirit.
In this apartment lives a wicked spirit.
I enjoy listening to Russian speech.
They're in love with each other.
There'll be no one in the house.
Women are amazing creatures.
Tom can't tell the difference between melancholy and depression.
Will you be participating in the celebration?
Are you beginners?
Are you novices?
Your efforts are condemned to failure.
The baby likes milk.
Did you just say "Novorossiya"?
Today we are starting a very big investment project.
The main purpose of propaganda is to convince no matter what.
There is a real fireplace in our living room.
A mirror wall in the room creates an illusion of spaciousness.
She's a nice and intelligent person.
No one succeeded to survive.
He's a foreigner.
We're invited too.
I like this landscape.
He speaks several languages.
Do you consume liquor?
What do you want to cook today?
Some weather forecasters predicted a hurricane.
It is important to stress that the consequences are not the same.
It is important to emphasize that the consequences are not the same.
I'm not complaining, and until now no one else has complained either, even if the the work conditions are truly deplorable.
He had done everything to satisfy his beloved's desires, but nothing worked.
My blood froze in my veins.
I have a wart on the nose.
We find ourselves in an impossible situation.
I vomited.
They brawled.
I fear no one.
I thank you for your courtesy.
I made a wood table.
The problem is that we lack money.
Mary didn't light any candles in her room.
"The Jucklins" is an novel by Opie Read. It was a bestseller at that time.
The pleasure is all mine.
Happiness isn't an app that you can download onto your phone.
Oh well. That's no big deal.
I want to give up.
"Are you making fun of me?" "No, I'm not."
You're a lot smarter than you think.
I've known him since I was a child.
Tom offered to feed my cat while I was out of town.
Tom doesn't understand the value of money.
Tom didn't deny it.
Turkey is nice, as long as you keep your mouth shut.
How can one answer any question, without knowing the answer?
All of the people in this room have the same gender.
Do you still recognize me?
I need to make up the time lost.
The family ate lunch.
Compared to our house, his is virtually a palace.
I asked Tom to come over to collect my mail and feed my cat while I'm out of town.
I don't know how to draw a bird.
The man matches the description.
How can one stop smoking?
I realized that I can't win.
He took notes at every opportunity.
Tom had a long shower and used all the hot water.
Puerto Ricans are American citizens.
Tom is talking on the phone with his mother.
This is a beautiful vacation spot.
He doesn't know the meaning of the word "fear".
He doesn't know the meaning of fear.
He told her everything.
She told her everything.
She told him everything.
This must have cost a small fortune.
Tom has a pierced eyebrow.
He could not take his eyes off of her.
She could not take her eyes off of him.
Lead is dangerous.
Lead can cause irreversible brain damage.
Even small amounts of lead are dangerous.
I want water.
Mary put on her gold earrings.
"What are you doing?" "Nothing."
He wants fruit.
"What are you thinking about?" "I was thinking about you."
The animals have already eaten enough.
What are you thinking about right now?
"What were you thinking about?" "I wasn't thinking about anything."
That means the world to me.
She means the world to me.
My son means the world to me.
Tom has a good credit score.
Don't use up all the hot water.
Do you want to come over and watch a movie with me?
Do you want to come over to my place and watch Netflix or something?
Tom is hunchbacked.
Tom likes binge-watching shows on Netflix.
He needs to be punished.
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.
She paid no attention to him.
He paid no attention to her.
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.
Tom took part in a local bike race.
You're not going in the right direction.
A bike path collapsed in Rio.
An elevated seaside bike path collapsed in Rio.
Two persons were killed when an elevated bike path collapsed in Rio.
Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
We're good friends, nothing more.
Tom had a heat stroke.
The number of officials doubled last year.
The accident happened right before our eyes.
Tom has many enemies.
What time did you get out of bed yesterday?
I slept too long.
That is not exactly the way that it happened.
He lost his sunglasses.
Your story only confirms my suspicions about your bad behavior.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
The animals already ate enough.
That piece of furniture is not fitting for the living room.
What am I hearing now?
Is there any difference whether I clean my room today, tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow?
Limit the consumption of white sugar and salt.
Tom admitted his fear.
Tom admitted that he is afraid.
Do you know for sure that Tom is behind that?
Why did you not tell me the truth?
Tom sat on a tree trunk.
I interviewed him.
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.
My hand was burned.
I worked for him for ten years.
I cannot lift him.
I do not know how to read nor write.
I do not know that dance.
I know that gentleman only by name.
I did not know that I have to do that.
I do not remember where I met Tom the first time.
They are all separate.
They are all special.
You can be happy if you want.
You don't want to be happy.
You could be happy if you wanted.
He could be happy if he wanted.
I saw an interesting poster yesterday.
I read an interesting book yesterday.
She could be happy if she wanted.
Do you want to eat lunch with me, or go home?
I didn't know that I had to do that.
Our nephew is buying apples for us.
Are you looking for a new apartment?
Are you ready for Christmas?
Both teams have thirteen points.
Dinner is pretty much ready.
Do you know Tom's email address?
Everybody wants to have one.
Everyone loves a winner.
Everyone needs one of these.
Everyone needs to read this book.
Everything you need is here.
Everything's ready for you.
Has there been any progress?
How are things in Australia?
How long are you going to live in Boston?
How serious is this problem?
I can barely hear Tom.
I know exactly what Tom wants.
I wonder why Tom wasn't there.
I'll probably vote for Tom.
I'm not looking forward to that.
I've already eaten enough.
I've been to Australia.
Isn't that a little strange?
It hardly made a difference.
It sure is different.
It was a decent performance.
It was a short conversation.
It was a wonderful surprise.
It was inevitable, wasn't it?
It was wonderful, wasn't it?
It wasn't a good experience.
It wasn't really a surprise.
It'll be a great experience.
It's a little bit dangerous.
It's a little bit different.
It's a real difficult issue.
It's a really bad situation.
It's a really good question.
It's a very personal choice.
It's a very serious illness.
It's a very serious problem.
It's a very strange process.
It's always been quiet here.
It's definitely a good sign.
It's exactly what they want.
It's exactly what we needed.
It's hard to stay objective.
It's new and very different.
It's not a conspiracy.
It's not an unfair proposal.
It sure is difficult.
Tom is a great attorney.
Tom declined to comment for this article.
No weapon was found.
I saw an amazing bird.
You aren't sick.
With whom did you talk?
With whom did he talk?
With whom had you spoken?
I talked with friends.
So the man said.
He spoke German with me.
He spoke about you yesterday.
The teacher spoke about the courage of the Romans.
The girl I spoke to you about lives in Tokyo.
That person you spoke about is my sister.
She speaks Arabic.
He speaks Italian.
I believe so.
I'm sorry, but I must insist. I have to talk to him.
Let's create a grassrootes political movement by using the possibilities of the Internet.
The girl that plays the piano is my sister.
I would be good, if I didn't have this headache.
Today, I invite you to have dinner.
She passed me pretending not to know me.
Tell me your plans for the future.
Cats of that breed have no tail.
The young man who is speaking is my brother.
He speaks neither English nor Spanish.
It's not hard to understand.
It's only taken three years.
It's our only option.
It's pretty easy to imagine.
It's probably not OK.
It's sure to be interesting.
It's very important to vote.
It's very strange and weird.
Let Tom make the decisions.
I don't remember where I met Tom the first time.
With whom did you speak?
With whom did she speak?
She has spoken English well for many years.
Since when is Richard married?
When did Richard get married?
He was not satisfied at all.
You speak German.
With whom are you speaking?
I speak Esperanto.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
They speak Spanish.
We heard him come down the stairs.
You don't need to yell. I can hear you just fine.
What are you going to eat for dinner?
What has happened to my passport?
I can't stand children crying.
I don't like listening to children crying.
Tom used to cry a lot when he was a child.
At which hostel did you spend the night?
We can spend the night in that hostel.
Is it very difficult to create an app for smartphones?
The show has been cancelled.
You should pay more attention to what I say.
You shouldn't have stopped so quickly.
Your opinion is important to me.
What you think is irrelevant.
Your opinion continues to be irrelevant.
If you don't understand the meaning of a word, look it up in the dictionary.
The Marginal Tietê expressway has two kilometres of traffic.
Tom likes to photograph landscapes; Mary prefers portraits.
All her photos have watermarks.
The sky in this photo is very saturated.
What a beautiful photo! It seems like a painting.
I don't know if there is a difference between the two shirts. They are identical for me.
What's in your backpack?
This type of behaviour could lead you to be fairly dismissed.
Tom was fired for a good reason.
Do you intend to leave us?
It was an anonymous tip-off that allowed the police to catch the terrorists.
One of the drivers fell asleep at the wheel, causing the accident.
You need new shoes.
I believe that I need a good night's sleep.
Tom pronounces that word in a strange way.
You aren't obligated to come if you don't want to.
Tom walks in a strange way.
If this text had been in Latin, it is probable that they would have already translated it.
This celebration is an intrinsic part of the culture of our country.
This text had a great impact on the social networks.
When Tom wrote this text, he never imagined that it would have so much impact on the social networks.
That's exactly the way it happened.
That's not exactly the way it happened.
Let's not split hairs.
Let's talk about the future.
Let's try something different.
Let's work together on this.
Look, what's this all about?
Most of them are Canadians.
Most of them are foreigners.
No one was really surprised.
No one was wearing a seatbelt.
Nobody's life was in danger.
None of them look surprised.
Not everyone is smiling.
The river that flows through Paris is called the Seine.
Why are you burning this photo?
It's our car.
Tom told me that he's very hungry.
Why are you always talking about Tom?
With whom had they spoken?
I am with you.
Tom has confessed.
Why do you ask Tom?
You will stay with me.
No one is coming with me.
His hands are dirty.
Her hands are dirty.
The Democratic Party needs major reform.
Dubai is trying to diversify its economy.
My hands are dirty.
This may be relevant.
Try harder next time.
Whose decision is it?
That's a hard question.
Tom has just walked in.
Tom is losing interest.
That isn't the question.
That's not true anymore.
That's really hard work.
The music was excellent.
There are some problems.
There is one difference.
There's a small problem.
Tom might be interested.
Tom took what he wanted.
We're not the champions.
School started last week.
Stop being narrow-minded.
Tom needs to be punished.
Tom is probably not alone.
Tom's lights are still on.
Now there's another option.
This is definitely not new.
This is just too expensive.
Tom was a terrible husband.
Well, what's wrong with it?
What else can you remember?
What exactly are the rules?
What exactly is the threat?
What exactly is this about?
What exactly is your point?
What were they waiting for?
What's Tom supposed to say?
What's the door locked for?
What's the reason for that?
What's the use of worrying?
What's there to comment on?
What's wrong with you, Tom?
What's your opinion of Tom?
That's really difficult work.
I did nazi that coming.
Threatening me is useless, I won't say anything.
The electorate will decide who becomes the next president.
Who else was staying there?
Why hasn't Tom been jailed?
You might actually like it.
You guys were really good.
Now you're just being silly.
OK, that's enough for today.
One person is still missing.
People here are really nice.
People think that it's easy.
Please read the whole story.
Please send us more details.
Right now, things are tense.
Someone will be meeting you.
That doesn't matter anymore.
That isn't really the point.
That made a huge difference.
That was a fun conversation.
That's a really old picture.
That's actually a good idea.
That's all that matters now.
That's fundamentally unfair.
That's not the entire story.
That's not the problem here.
That's not the real problem.
That's not what we're about.
That's what they always say.
What's wrong with this plan?
Right now, people are scared.
Sometimes Tom tries too hard.
The people are friendly here.
Tom's wife's a friend of mine.
The police say Tom wasn't armed.
The police think it's a suicide.
Tom crouched down behind a tree.
That's highly unlikely to happen.
Tom and Mary are still just kids.
Tom can't come because he's sick.
There's nothing wrong with this law.
We've been luckier than most people.
Why doesn't Tom eat with us anymore?
Tom probably doesn't know what to do.
Somebody here has to know where Tom is.
Try not to make the same mistake twice.
You should learn to play an instrument.
I know someone who speaks French very well.
The method Tom suggested might work.
The method Tom suggested might've been better.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary's phone number.
The last time our family got together was three Christmases ago.
As far as I am concerned, that is the same, if not worse.
Tom's father told me he was a doctor.
You'd better get yourself out of here as quickly as possible.
Let's cooperate where we can, let's confront where we must.
I've heard of worse things.
Let's see what can be done.
Who likes reading books?
I don't eat any bread.
It's convenient to live so close to the train station.
Tom stole the ring.
Tom's plan is simple.
Tom intercepted a pass.
I wasn't ready for that.
Tom has several tattoos.
Tom was really friendly.
I know where everyone is.
Tom took out his camera.
There've been no injuries.
We want everybody to vote.
We'll need more than that.
We're still short on cash.
We're working on that now.
Tom already knew the truth.
Tom must be really worried.
Tom must really be worried.
Tom said he wasn't injured.
The bathroom window is open.
The beaches are better here.
The police are here already.
The weather is just perfect.
The whole group is laughing.
The whole house was shaking.
There was plenty of traffic.
There were no real problems.
There will be no exceptions.
They treated us like family.
They're all waiting for you.
They're quicker than we are.
This is a common occurrence.
This is a difficult mission.
This is a real breakthrough.
This is a serious situation.
This is better than nothing.
This is entirely your fault.
This is no mere coincidence.
This is very difficult work.
This isn't a trivial matter.
This last week's been crazy.
This time will be different.
This year will be different.
Tom has now lost everything.
Tom hasn't won anything yet.
Tom is an excellent teacher.
Tom is only partially right.
Tom is staying with friends.
Tom isn't afraid of anybody.
Tom isn't aggressive at all.
Tom just made some mistakes.
Tom keeps things to himself.
Tom looks pretty much ready.
Tom makes very few mistakes.
Tom minded his own business.
Tom now has several tattoos.
Tom provided what we needed.
Tom said that wasn't enough.
Tom says it's a possibility.
Tom seems to be progressing.
Tom simply can't be trusted.
Tom solved all the problems.
Tom thinks that's a mistake.
Tom took everything from us.
Tom wants to study medicine.
Tom was calm under pressure.
Tom's family was also there.
Tom's father is a policeman.
Tom's father was a diplomat.
Tom's mother is a housewife.
Tom's parents are both dead.
Tom's parents must be proud.
Tom is a great guitar player.
Tom is a really good manager.
Tom is faster than you think.
Tom is in pretty good health.
Tom is pleasant to be around.
Tom only made a few mistakes.
Tom thought Mary was kidding.
Tom's father's name was John.
I thought you might like that.
Tom hasn't eaten anything yet.
Tom is originally from Boston.
Tom's attitude is pretty good.
I don't know where everyone is.
We'll need more food than that.
We'll need more time than that.
We'll need more money than that.
Tom really wanted us to be there.
Tom said nobody had been injured.
Tom's surgery lasted three hours.
There was someone else there, too.
Tom resigned three days after Mary was fired.
Tom still rides the bicycle that his parents gave him when he was thirteen years old.
A week later, she died.
She showed her my photograph.
No, I won't say anything.
You must expose the impostors.
You whispered.
We cleaned the house.
Today I am older than I once was, and younger than I will someday be.
Tom took your brother to the zoo.
I'm just leaving now.
It seems quiet enough.
You're actually wrong.
Tom's truck was stolen.
You sound really angry.
You've had enough time.
We're all amateurs here.
We'll miss your laughter.
We need to start planning.
I haven't read the report.
It certainly has been fun.
Tom's wife's name is Mary.
We've solved that mystery.
We haven't lost everything.
We'll never know the truth.
When were you in Australia?
You're not limping anymore.
Try to have some compassion.
Valuable time has been lost.
We had a great conversation.
We had a great relationship.
We have a good relationship.
We have great teachers here.
We haven't reached our goal.
We just weren't good enough.
We made some poor decisions.
We only have one television.
We play chess every evening.
We take that very seriously.
We talked about food prices.
We talked to them yesterday.
We think it's pretty simple.
We thought it was fantastic.
We treat our customers well.
We weren't surprised at all.
We weren't worried about it.
Tom is playing with your son.
Tom hoped that Mary was right.
The cat jumped onto the table.
It's finally my turn.
Write the amount on the check in words as well as figures.
They didn't choose me.
You don't know him, but I do.
You are one of the most wonderful people I know.
You're one of the nicest people I know.
You're one of the kindest people I know.
You're the kindest person I know.
You're the only person I know here.
You're the only person I know who can speak French.
You're the only person I know who is from Boston.
You're the only person I know who doesn't eat meat.
You're the only Canadian I know.
You're the only Canadian in our school.
You're the only Canadian I know that doesn't like bacon.
You're the only person I know who can't swim.
You're the only person I know that can't swim.
It's OK, I'm invincible.
"Thank you." "No, thank you."
That can only be her.
You can rely on my support.
The ship sank.
Is he friendly to you?
I don't pet your dogs.
He worked hard to achieve the goal.
Ripples continue to radiate outward long after the stone that produced them has sunk to the bottom of the pond.
It's just as I hoped it would be.
Can elephants sneeze?
I need to find my own rhythm.
In this city, there are thousands who live eight or ten to a room.
Welcome back. We missed you.
There are a lot of dandelions in the lawn.
Tom has other plans.
Tom was also killed.
That's not the truth.
We've all missed you.
Everyone's happy again.
That seems about right.
That's a fair question.
You're a lawyer, right?
Is that really important?
There are still problems.
Tom recently had surgery.
We understood each other.
This sure sounds familiar.
Isn't this what you wanted?
Tom has pleaded not guilty.
Tom still looks very tired.
We're not used to visitors.
We've been here for months.
Haven't we done this before?
It's not my problem anymore.
Something's wrong with that.
Something's wrong with this.
There's no air conditioning.
There's no installation fee.
There's no student discount.
There's reason for optimism.
Tom always keeps me waiting.
We need an itemized receipt.
He thought you knew Tom.
She thought you knew Tom.
Money makes men mad.
What floor does he live on?
The Gallic troops were exhausted.
The Roman troops were exhausted.
Don't begin without me.
Why did you begin without me?
You didn't begin without me, did you?
Who started the battle?
The Romans began the battle.
Tom is a timid boy.
Life is very hard.
The boy hurt himself with a knife.
Tom's father is called John.
History is the light of truth.
They are faster than us.
They are faster than we are.
I doubt the veracity of his story.
It's a special situation.
Are you prepared to take on the responsibility?
Are you prepared to assume responsibility?
I'm not lowering your salaries.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
It's actually quite pretty if you look at it from a certain angle.
Unfortunately, I can't seem to put my hands on your document at the moment.
I accompanied the children to school.
The only way to increase happiness in the world is to divide it up.
Tom thought Mary knew John.
We're going downtown.
We're all smarter than that.
We're fortunate to have Tom.
We're no different than Tom.
We're not scared of anybody.
We're not totally ready yet.
We're very confident in Tom.
We're very serious about it.
We've all been working hard.
We've been waiting for that.
We've been waiting for this.
Well, that's not quite true.
Well, what's the matter now?
What are they interested in?
What can't you live without?
What makes you so confident?
Who knows this guy?
Thanks for the pretty postcard.
I won't stay here for long.
In those days, Germany had a strong army.
Mary was hiding.
He usually doesn't brag.
What do you want to tell me?
He will be reading everything.
Sorry, I did not intend to post the string of "thumbs up" signs. I must have tapped on the icon on my iPhone by mistake.
Please don't accuse me of something I didn't do.
You mean nothing at all to us.
He is the devil incarnate.
I will behead you. I promise you that.
Google did not return any useful results.
Google's search results are usually more useful than those of Yahoo's.
He is a little bit of a retard.
We're killing in the polls, we're killing in every state and if I become president - I promise you this - we will kill everybody.
Does our country need to invest in alternative energies?
I want to say something very important.
I'm here, I'm queer, get used to it.
Please refrain from saying anything like that.
That man can eat twenty big red chilies at once!
My thoughts are with the families of the victims.
What time are they starting?
What trips are you planning?
What was that meeting about?
What were the meetings like?
What were your parents like?
What's so special about Tom?
What's the idea behind that?
What's the weather like now?
What's your opinion on that?
Where are those people from?
Where are those posters now?
Who can tell the difference?
Will this year be different?
You have to have confidence.
You have to start somewhere.
You sound like a politician.
You'll never know the truth.
You'll never see that again.
You're your own worst enemy.
Is it right, Ms./Mr.?
Thanks for learning our language.
No one fights with us any longer.
Cyrus he sends for.
Why are you driving us out?
I have long been sorrowing lamenting for your woes.
They that have judgment everywhere prevail.
Shall I report a truce or war?
He shall receive a talent as reward.
With these we will fight.
I shall not let him go at once.
Won't you ever speak?
They have left us.
You have heard, seen, suffered.
Thou hast sight and seest not.
Oinoë had been fortifed.
But at that time they had revolted.
He was in command of the mercenary force.
Ariaios will at once withdraw, so that not a friend will be left us.
I shall have received justice at your hands.
An army was being gathered.
He kept finding many pretexts.
These he used to distribute to his friends.
In doing that I was gaining nothing and was bringing myself into danger.
Klearchos tried to force the soldiers to go; but they threw stones at him.
You don't come down to us in Piraeus at all often; yet you ought to.
Why silent? Thou shouldst not be silent.
You ought to have done something.
Why, yes, we should have done this and this, and not have done that.
For these ought not to be alive.
The fitting thing was that you should foresee it.
For he might have stood his ground.
Taking up their poems, I would question them.
I would be indignant (whenever people spoke hardly of me).
What treatment was I likely to get from you in case of detection?
To what man was he probably sailing?
By that time it was late, and they would not be likely to see the hands.
But in that case the matter would have been decided by itself.
I should not wish to hear it even once.
I wish they were telling the truth; I too should have a share in that blessing.
There he remained.
He paid the army wages.
He (had) appointed him general also.
I have often wondered.
He did not adopt the view.
In that case (Athens) would have got the blame of betraying all.
Hippias received the rule.
'Tis fortune gives success to art, not art to fortune.
Picking out the right man, he would strike him.
Every man who saw it would get hot to be a warrior.
How was I, one who wasn't there, to do you any harm?
Any one on seeing that would have been strengthened.
Who could have been found better in action than this man?
They would have done him no harm, but would perhaps have been on their guard against injury.
Before it happened, any one hearing of it would have refused to believe it.
In that way you would have revenged yourself on me.
O that I had so much power!
Would that Orestes were near.
Would that I had met you then.
O that I had never seen thee.
Cyrus ought to be alive.
Ah! that Cyrus were living!
O that I had never left Skyros.
What shall I experience?
What will happen to me?
Am I to fail of your fate?
What shall we say to this? Anything else than to agree?
What shall I do? Shall I be caught in wrong again?
How can I desert the fleet?
Shall I make no reply, but say something else?
Shall I then propose the penalty of exile?
Whither shall one flee? Where shall I go and abide?
Are, then, these people to believe you are doing this for them?
My children, let us rise.
Let us rise, go out here into the court, and pass the time walking about there; then let us go.
Let me go to her!
Come, now, let me also read the testimony.
Let us not wait for οthers.
Let me not be wronged.
Leave me not thus alone.
Let no one speak.
Let this occur to no one.
May she not spoil thy marrriage.
You will not convince the wise (I fear).
(I fear) it's rather rude to speak the truth.
But (I suspect) that is not difficult.
The gods forever graciously abide with you!
So may I win the victory and be deemed wise.
May you die!
May none of you consent to this.
Mayst thou never learn who thou art.
May it only depend on that!
I should hesitate myself to go aboard the boats.
There one would learn much self-control.
And by force you would never take him.
For he would not injure me at all; for he would not even be able to.
I would not yield the chair.
How should I find death?
Where might the strangers be?
But these men might be wise in some greater wisdom.
What human trespass would constrain thy power, O Zeus?
But take her within, slaves.
Let them go.
Let no one of you speak.
Neither be afraid nor let fly an evil word.
Do that for me, my son, delay no more, nor mention Troy again.
Stop, speak no farther!
Let it be otherwise.
No one shall ever say.
Do not in any case flee.
And he does not merely write this and then not carry it out in deeds.
No serious news, I hope?
You don't suppose he was anxious about death, do you?
He hasn't injured you, has he?
But perhaps you mean that your learning will be not like that.
I shall not be caught by a trick.
He will never yield.
Not one of the enemy will stay any longer.
The king will no longer be able to catch us.
I will never follow thee.
Don't keep chattering.
There's need of a fight.
A truce if we stay; if we leave or advance, war.
Our two brothers wrought their common death.
It seemed to me best to try to attain safety in this way.
I am called the son of Achilles, Neoptolemos.
Thus pitilessly am I chastised, a sight of evil fame for Zeus.
Giving up their arms is not the victorsʼ part.
One would justly put it down to our neglect.
Pray, of what land or lineage should I rightly call you?
He took part in no good thing, but in many of another sort.
Aiming at great souls, you would not miss.
Why, what other good of learning should I enjoy?
Thou remindest me of sorrows.
For intelligence and truth and the soul you take no care or thought.
But I care less than naught for Zeus.
For toil alone the gods sell all good things.
I shall obey the god rather than you.
Toil to toil brings toil.
Death is common to all and inevitable for man.
Thοu seest the giver of fire to mortals.
Are not you the cause of this for me?
For you the command of Zeus hath consummation.
So lightly dο the multitude take the search for truth.
By being with wise men you will yourself become wise.
They gained superior strength both by access of wealth and by rule over others.
He never had men who followed him by reason of affection and gοod-will.
All with one impulse worshiped the god.
Most wretchedly by far do I go down.
Art is far weaker than necessity.
They die of fear of such expeditions.
Thou wilt come to the brawling stream, not falsely named.
To thee all this power has come.
What art thou that hast come to glorious Thebes?
The Syrians regarded the fishes as gods.
I will also remind you of the dangers of your forefathers.
What wrong did you receive from me, that you are now scheming against me?
'Tis better to be ill in body than in soul.
He endured to sacrifice his daughter, as an aid to war.
As a test of this, first go to Pytho and inquire about the response.
It is like a criminal to die by sentence of court, but like a general to die fighting with the enemy.
Virtue is a thing that may be taught.
Truly my mother bore me as one of evil fate.
Does he say it of his own knowledge?
Things will come of themselves.
You there, what are you doing?
Here come the boys.
It is no time for sleeping or for being careless of ourselves.
I am not one (was not born) to join in hatred, but in love.
He had nothing to tell.
At length they have wrought it out so as to pay the penalty.
Many devices there are for escaping death.
He made dreadful threats, so that neither by night nor day did sleep cover me.
We let you off, on this condition however, that you no longer seek wisdom.
I go down before my allotted term of life is over.
I could not persuade the Titans.
I am about to suffer.
It is just to remember god when one is prospering.
This man I forbid any one to receive or address.
Do you deny that you have done this?
Why then do you delay to tell the whole?
Fear instead of sleep stands near, that I close not my eyes.
One must learn letters, and learning them have sense.
For young people silence is better than talking.
Minos put down piracy, that his revenues might come to him better.
You say you spoke against those who wished to destroy us.
Do you suppose they expected to be suffering like this?
It is folly to think the state we live in is so great that we shall suffer nothing serious.
I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure.
The Germans began the battle.
I'm not crazy. You're the one who's crazy.
This country belongs to all of us, not just a handfull of billionaires.
Nobody can solve the issues facing the middle class and working class of this country unless we put together a strong politically active grassroots movement.
The wayward son has returned.
Zeke Choi's spine was shattered by an assassin's bullet.
A cult member attempted to assassinate the queen with poisoned fruit.
The mafia let him in on their plans to knock off a rival gangster.
Let me sleep.
At the age of his lungs were affected by years of smoking.
A study shows air pollution from forest fires exacerbates existing lung problems.
Why do you have diarrhea?
People will accept your idea much more readily if you preface it by telling them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
She generally helped him with his homework.
"Are you coming?" "Of course."
Tom is one of the wealthiest people in the world.
We closed the store.
A beaver's fur is very soft.
This, though I knew it well, I had let slip.
Not without sorrow shalt thou twice speak words so dire.
I should like to get away without his knowing it.
They kept using the enemiesʼ arrows.
He was plainly not envious of the openly wealthy.
I never ceased pitying ourselves.
They have gone forward in pursuit.
He is guilty of corrupting the young.
And now I have observed that some felt upleasantly toward me for this reason too.
We see that we are unable to get the upper hand.
She perceived that she had been wronged.
Affairs are in a bad way with you doing nothing of what you should.
When it is possible to have peace, he chooses war.
A light breakfast was served.
A little competition is good.
Can stress actually kill you?
Can't this problem be solved?
Everybody has worked so hard.
Everybody knows what Tom did.
Everybody still has a chance.
Everything is still the same.
Everything was taken from us.
Everything will be just fine.
Everything you want is there.
How many people are involved?
Is competition good for kids?
Is that not possible anymore?
Is there reason for optimism?
Is there some other solution?
Isn't that a little juvenile?
Isn't that against the rules?
Isn't there anything in here?
Isn't this against the rules?
It was a learning experience.
It was a little disorienting.
It was a positive experience.
It was an extraordinary year.
It was an unfortunate choice.
It won't necessarily be easy.
It'll be an interesting game.
It'll be different, for sure.
It's a very complex question.
It's all that really matters.
It's hard being a politician.
It's just basic common sense.
It's more than a coincidence.
Socrates used to pray to the gods simply to give what was good, feeling that the gods knew best.
The baggage animals extended a long away, because the road they were following was narrow.
I went to one of the men who seemed to be wise, thinking that there I should test the oracle.
Another arose, pointing out the simplicity of the man who suggested asking for boats, just as if Cyrus were making the expedition back again.
You show that you have something new to reveal.
You seem as one about to reveal something new.
Socrates, who would easily have been acquitted by the judges, chose to die.
We at least must make a struggle for freedom.
I had to go therefore to all those who appeared to have some knowledge.
You have heard, seen, suffered, you have him; give judgment.
What, then, is this? Distrust. Guard this, cling to this.
For right worthily hath Phoibos, and worthily hast thou, bestowed this care for him that is dead.
Be assured, however, I shall tell you the whole truth.
Do not abandon us, I entreat.
I should like very much to hear the name, who is so skilled in talking?
I'm afraid yοu need a whipping.
Beware lest it be shameful too as well as evil.
Stop, that you be not found foolish.
Let one undo my shoes, lest from afar an envious look should smite me.
What I do not know, I also do not think I know.
Now I praise you for what you both say and do.
He broke down every one.
They send against me such people, whom you would not justly believe.
I will tell thy wandering, which do thou write in the tablets of thy memory.
Those griefs give most pain that are seen to be self-chosen.
Whereas before I had no pretext on which to give an account of my life, now I have got one.
But whomsoever the state appoints, him we should obey.
Nor is there any weapon of thought wherewith to defend.
Though it was in my power not to die for you, but to get as husband whom I would of the Thessalians.
And every one is harsh that's new in power.
With you I will suffer whatever we must.
It is a fine thing, whoever has a trusty tongue.
It is shameful for you that any (penalty) whatever should be lacking which any one might wish to exact from these men.
I teach Spanish very well.
We teach Spanish very well.
I think Esperanto is difficult.
It is necessary that you attend the meeting.
The amount of independent entrepreneurs without employees greatly increased in the past years.
Do you really not remember me?
Everything that could go wrong, went wrong.
Tom's dog can swim well.
The money-changers were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
The people enthusiastically applauded the major.
The merchants were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
The truth is, he is nothing other than a deceiver.
That little boy likes to throw rocks on the neighbor's roof.
That water is a little salty.
Jesus drove the money-changers out of the temple.
They are also happen about the right to pick their own hours to work.
Jesus drove the merchants and money-changers out of the temple.
I do not have anything I need to say to Tom.
Jesus drove the merchants out of the temple.
Mary was driven out of the temple.
Tom was driven out of the temple.
I did not unlock that door.
I wonder if that is Tom.
Do you approve that?
That is bad for you.
At the corner, he turned left.
You'll be expelled from school.
Mary threw the photos in the fire.
Tom threw the photos in the fire.
Mary threw her husband's clothes in the fire.
Mary threw her boyfriend's clothes in the fire.
Mary threw the clothes in the fire.
Tom threw his wife's clothes in the fire.
Tom threw his girlfriend's clothes in the fire.
Tom threw the clothes in the fire.
OK, I will come pick you up at four o'clock.
God, make me patient!
God, give me patience!
Frogs are such marvelous creatures.
Please let the captured birds go.
Who is my neighbor?
I think French is difficult.
I had to stay.
He lived in England when the war started.
Go and take food to Tom.
"Do the kids get in line in a specific order?" - "Yes, by age please."
It is getting worse.
I am certainly able to beat Tom.
Everything flows and nothing remains.
It's unlikely Tom will know what needs to be done.
We have enough supplies to last three months.
We had no electricity when I was growing up.
Tom dated Mary's sister before he dated her.
Tom and Mary used to be pretty good friends.
It's unlikely Tom will be at the meeting.
Tom has absolutely no chance of winning.
Does anybody here have a bottle opener?
Tom and Mary were pretty good friends.
There are two police officers at door.
Tom and Mary work very well together.
Tom and Mary are pretty good friends.
Maybe you're not supposed to do that.
Tom would probably choose this one.
Tom and I are pretty good friends.
That would really make Tom happy.
Nobody told me Tom would be here.
How much storage space is needed?
That's what we've always wanted.
You're not a musician, are you?
Tom is Mary's former boyfriend.
Tom has been there three years.
Tom has been there three times.
Tom always worries about money.
There are just too many people.
Maybe Tom is just being modest.
It's unlikely Tom will help us.
What are your long term plans?
Tom is actually a good singer.
Tom is a very charismatic man.
Tom is John's younger brother.
Tom and Mary studied together.
This isn't really Tom's fault.
That's what we're waiting for.
So what is everyone's problem?
Please don't open this window.
Oh, it's quite simple, really.
It's unlikely Tom will return.
Can anyone really replace Tom?
Why is everyone so surprised?
Where've you been recently?
Where are you supposed to be?
What's the problem with that?
What makes a good journalist?
Well, what's wrong with that?
We're very satisfied with it.
We're better off without Tom.
We must respect their wishes.
Tom's family is in Australia.
Tom's body has been cremated.
Tom will have another chance.
Tom will certainly be missed.
Tom wasn't wearing a uniform.
Tom wasn't always this happy.
Tom looks like an accountant.
Tom isn't that young anymore.
Tom is still working on that.
Tom has three adult children.
This may not be coincidental.
This is the hardest question.
This is an indisputable fact.
This is an incredible result.
This is an important victory.
They're a good baseball team.
They really loved each other.
There's not a big difference.
There's just not enough time.
There's a lot of competition.
There won't be anything left.
There won't be any surprises.
There were plenty of choices.
There were no prior warnings.
There were no other injuries.
There were no more questions.
There was no point remaining.
There was no plan whatsoever.
There has been progress made.
The situation there is tense.
The situation is still tense.
The reason is pretty obvious.
We know where he is.
My house needs considerable repairs.
She was reading.
We cannot do those things.
I consider our friendship to be worth more than any other.
Will you visit me?
I would like to eat breakfast with you.
You swam in this lake, right?
The village I live in is very small.
Do not think about those kinds of things.
Mary was expelled from the Senate.
Tom was expelled from the Senate.
Why are you throwing those things in the fire?
Don't throw those things in the fire!
"Why are you throwing books in the fire?" "Because I'm cold."
Mary threw the Bible in the fire.
Tom threw the Bible in the fire.
Mary threw the photos of her boyfriend in the fire.
Tom threw the photos of his girlfriend in the fire.
Rice is planted in this field.
Barley is planted in this field.
The farmers are planting rice.
The farmers are planting barley.
What will be planted in this field?
They're going to leave a night earlier.
This test suite is unstable.
Are you coming to Rio for the Olympics?
When I have a cold, I sneeze and cough.
We are women.
That's what we did next.
Do you support reparations for slavery?
Women are people.
I will make sure of it.
Communication fosters understanding and helps us understand each other.
We're friends three weeks out of the month.
This is an issue where there is a little bit of space between your position and my own.
I'm a monster.
Do you grow your own potatoes? You are an incredible guy! Bernie Sanders would be proud of you.
Does it only apply to masculine nouns?
Maybe some examples will help?
Context helps to define what is really meant.
Wherever I go, I bring myself with me.
For men of that culture, women with extremely long necks are considered attractive.
They eat shark.
I really want to go to the beach this summer.
I'm never gonna intentionally get drunk.
I have a fatigue problem.
She's the only one who's not stabbed me in the back.
I need to know where you got your quotes from.
We've had problems in the past but we've dealt with them and we haven't argued since.
I trusted people too quickly in the past and just assumed everyone was good.
He's not angry.
I'm sick right now, and nothing is really making me feel better.
I'm not going to continue your work.
I can speak a tiny bit of French.
I want to travel to some countries when I'm older and America is definitely on the list.
This is an amazing result.
Tom burned all the pictures he had of his ex-girlfriend.
Here's a message for you.
I just tried a new bike.
The dogs scared us.
Do all that is necessary.
I am a busy person.
Rainwater is pure.
I should thank you.
I was at the movies with my brother.
Tom's dad is named Jean.
I've looked for Tom everywhere, but I haven't found him.
It was totally quiet in the street.
In the street was total silence.
How do you define a complete sentence?
She and I are in front of our tent.
The birds jumped from branch to branch.
They aren't going in the right direction.
The emergency's not over yet.
The bathroom's down the hall.
That's what we're working on.
That's what we're waiting on.
That's what we're aiming for.
That's what we always wanted.
That's the reason we're here.
That wasn't a tough decision.
That was the only difference.
That was our biggest problem.
That was a huge breakthrough.
That might've been a mistake.
That certainly won't be easy.
Tell us what you're thinking.
Tell us something about that.
So what are the implications?
People want to be understood.
People thought we were crazy.
People need to remember that.
People may not remember that.
That was a tough decision.
Traditional Russian cottages are built from wood.
Tom and Mary want to buy a house with at least three bedrooms.
I'm a busy person.
She could have kissed me goodbye but didn't and just walked away.
I am afraid they both have a bad reputation.
Positivity is the way to go, not negativity.
Praised be the sun god!
Tom's parents set him on the right path.
Sometimes a sentence is worth more than a word, and sometimes a word is worth more than a sentence.
When in doubt, leave it out.
I will forever be immortal.
They had to elope somehow.
We cannot trust what she says.
They immediately informed the police about it.
But in the last fifty years the temperature increased one and a half degrees.
The meal will be ready in a half hour.
The meal will be ready in half an hour.
I did not say that, he did.
I remember the living and I can't forget the dead.
I did not realize what I was doing.
She sent me a text message.
Foxes scare me.
Wolves scare me.
Birds scare me.
I bought a game for the kids.
We are together in the garden.
They both are in the garden.
Don't ever judge a book by its cover.
Everyone makes mistakes because we are all just human.
The ideal woman for me would be well-mannered, intelligent and a polyglot.
My Mercedes is bigger than yours.
No one who works forty hours a week should live in poverty.
Tom accused Mary of theft.
He's already spoken with the president.
In my country people cannot stand those who are more intelligent than they are.
It hurts to have to say this, but it's the truth.
It's clearly suitable.
Many thanks for such a personal response to my question.
Don't breathe a word of this to my girlfriend.
To me, playing music is like reading a book.
He asked whether he was rich.
Tom didn't manage to answer all the questions.
Most of them just don't care.
They go on with life without thinking about what they do.
I am a jerk and a moron who does not deserve fortune.
He's too clingy.
Summer is almost here!
My friend has a really long name.
I have been blocked many times.
I have been banned many times.
We need to get more clients in this.
We need to spread more awareness.
Peace begins at the dinner table.
She tortured a prisoner.
Wetness will not be intimidated by rain.
Love conquers hate.
Love rules over hate.
I need to trace the outline.
They need to face the consequences.
The judge denied me bail for no reason.
Luck only works sometimes — work always works.
Stress is a killer.
I need to walk the talk.
I feel sorry for whoever does not like him.
I feel sorry for whoever doesn't like him.
I am a nobody.
It is a cherry-picking concept.
I demand a refund!
Kindness is the only way to bring peace to this planet.
I feel like everything I do is mediocre.
That captain takes good care of his soldiers.
My friends hate me for being a perfectionist.
One relationship is enough for me.
You'll never truly be happy unless you are out there.
My husband usually doesn't understand what I mean.
I'm being raked over the coals.
He just nonchalantly goes about doing it.
I wish people were more grateful.
Language is the fountain of communication.
I'm not one to judge.
Ignorance is not bliss.
They felt the need to dispute that.
I would like to be viewed as well-intentioned.
Dad, put Mum on the phone.
Our choices are very limited.
Nothing seemed to be working.
Nothing makes sense anymore.
Nothing is being thrown away.
Not everything you try works.
Not everyone is so confident.
Nobody will ever replace you.
No one was seriously injured.
Monday's game was rained out.
Maybe you're trying too hard.
Maybe Tom can't speak French.
Tom actually owns three boats.
Tom has a terrible reputation.
Tom had lots of opportunities.
Tom has thought of everything.
Tom hasn't learned his lesson.
Tom is under extreme pressure.
Tom is actually Mary's brother.
French is Tom's primary language.
Tom and Mary had their kitchen remodeled.
I hope that you are proud of me.
Why did you walk at a late time?
I don't like teachers who dislike students that ask questions.
My roommate is studying Chinese.
Our children really like animals.
There are huge snakes on this island.
She couldn't open that bottle.
I like music as well.
I really like puppies.
I really like snow.
Mary fainted.
He's incapable of seeing a pretty woman without immediately going to talk to her.
It'd be good if it wouldn't rain tomorrow.
Mary straightened her room.
The dogs howled at the full moon.
Please give me a bigger discount.
Mary is afraid of mice.
Oh! I know this man!
Rice will be planted in this field.
Barley will be planted in this field.
For me, all days are holidays.
Do you come here a lot?
It's already o'clock.
It's raining?
Wow, it's snow!
Please wait just a little more.
Don't worry much. It'll be OK.
The forest was very tranquil.
I'll give this to Tom.
This was my dad's favorite tie.
My younger sister plays piano every day.
I want to see that again.
It can be free.
My friends betrayed me.
The rural exodus depopulated entire villages in this region of Germany.
You've worked with Tom before, haven't you?
Tom and John married each other's sisters.
Tom was released from prison on Monday.
Tom still needs to fill in these forms.
Tom recovered faster than we expected.
Tom understands what I mean, I think.
Tom killed three enemy soldiers.
Tom has been practicing with us.
Tom has always been a gentleman.
Tom walked into the courthouse.
Tom is just like everyone else.
Tom is a very good storyteller.
Tom will definitely be missed.
Tom will be cremated tomorrow.
Tom will always be remembered.
Tom wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Tom wasn't like most soldiers.
Tom wasn't angry with anybody.
Tom was robbed at knife-point.
Tom was only slightly injured.
Tom was an exceptional leader.
Tom understands the game plan.
Tom turned in his resignation.
Tom said that's very uncommon.
Tom retired several years ago.
Tom retired earlier this year.
Tom resigned in early October.
Tom remained there until 2013.
Tom really thinks things over.
Tom really improved this week.
Tom pretended he wasn't there.
Tom presided over the meeting.
Tom pleaded guilty in October.
Tom obviously knows his stuff.
Tom killed himself in October.
Tom is very safety conscious.
Tom is normally really quiet.
Tom's family needed money.
Tom married John's widow.
Tom wasn't nervous.
Would you like a piece of cake?
It's wretchedly cold.
They're both personally convinced of that.
Millions of people in this country suffer from too much information.
Summer is almost here.
I'm a loner.
He must learn the alphabet.
Besides him, I'm simply a beginner.
Dogs have masters, cats have servants.
What he said scares me.
We asked for a meeting.
I asked for a meeting.
I can take a nap wherever.
The train left two hours ago.
It's been raining for almost a week.
We have already seen this film.
I have to go to mass.
I have to attend mass.
She accused him and her of stealing.
She accused him and her of theft.
He isn't at his best.
We want to cause the least possible harm.
Check out our website!
Translation is an art of expression.
I had to sign an agreement.
I need to get my bangs trimmed.
The fish is still raw.
There's a risk that he won't come.
Did you fit all the clothes in the bag?
The answer is not correct.
The answer isn't correct.
They bought a new vacuum cleaner.
Our dog is called Johnny.
Do you have any asthma medicine?
The Swedish "sj" sound can be pronounced several different ways.
Handle with care!
Caution.
We loathe horror films.
He'll buy something.
Don't fell the young trees.
Shall I close it?
Shall I open it?
I closed it.
I insisted on that.
We know about the suffering.
This is treason, my friends!
This is a different category.
Let the wedding begin.
I'm just helping.
When can I see my grandchild again?
Aren't you afraid alone at night here?
She's afraid of this dog.
I won't have time for that tomorrow.
We suffered a lot together.
You feel you've been treated unfairly?
I do it as I was instructed.
Terrible punishments were promised her.
He was being beaten when I arrived.
The line is to be drawn somewhere.
She doesn't wish to be disturbed.
He didn't require to be told twice.
Don't let them know they're being watched.
Don't be intimidated.
I've been touched by death.
I was moved by the story.
I can afford to be generous.
Life expectancy, gender discrimination and the social system are the main criteria the representatives have taken into account in drawing up the rankings.
Instructions will be given to you.
It still needs to be answered.
It was built before I was born.
This can be easily proven.
This is expired.
Thousands of people are killed on the roads.
It can be told in a few words.
An envoy was sent.
Just do as you're told!
Only the first message is shown.
The road is being repaired.
All the cookies have been eaten.
He was operated on by the doctor.
The door had been left open.
The windows must be secured.
The vase was smashed.
The thief got his hand cut off.
The radar was jammed.
The palace is surrounded by the people.
My sales ad wasn't responded to.
We came across by accident.
She's not ignoring me; she's shy.
I'll take the responsibility.
Hit the ground running.
I got into a fight.
Venomous snakes don't live in our place.
I'll be careful next time.
I felt very sorry about the delay.
In summary, you can call the ship, with complete justification, a floating sanatorium.
You should think of it too.
I won't eat the apple's core.
I often eat apples.
Will it take long until we get there?
I have got three hens.
His plan seemed interesting to me.
Do you want to get rich here?
My mother was a wonderful woman.
If I were you I would call the doctor.
He'll be coming back tomorrow.
He wants to make something clear.
I need to know what the language of origin is.
I need to know what the original language is.
She is in her second year at university.
I am reading the newspaper in the café.
It's really cold!
He was in the Navy.
I graduated five years ago.
I earned a bachelor's degree.
I graduated from senior high.
I'm going now!
He feels disturbed.
He feels uneasy.
The children are all fired up.
The kids are all fired up.
The children are all excited.
The kids are all excited.
He doesn't want to cause trouble.
Break it!
He is in limbo.
I can get a hold of it now.
Think first!
Think before you do it.
I can't think of the name.
The name doesn't come to me.
Yes, don't worry!
Give me the bottom of your feet.
He's never questioned.
It seems absolutely ridiculous.
I will add a couple of explanations.
He has done it now for a long time.
He likes to learn it off by heart.
A lot of shit has happened in my life.
There's room.
Singing is his thing.
This is nerve wracking.
Be gone!
Stay away!
Get your ass out of here!
Away with you!
It must not be past three.
Tom forgot the milk.
The farmer planted barley.
Singing is their thing.
Singing is her thing.
I hate cooking. How about you?
Since the moment he arrived, everything changed.
She's a lovable person.
I don't know how to speak French.
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework at home.
Were we really happy together?
I have a German test this week at school.
I want to go swimming with a friend.
How old is your grandpa?
The elevator doesn't work anymore since yesterday.
I would have liked to have been able to see him grow.
I just saw the woman that I will marry.
I sat in the car.
Tom will return tomorrow.
The course will last fourteen days.
I'm thinking about changing jobs.
Previously, I learned German in school.
What is your daughter's name?
You will sell your house.
Do you know for sure that was Tom?
I think that will go smoothly.
I just finished lunch.
The political circumstances in the country got worse and worse.
You will find a job.
We sang in a choir when we were kids.
Our glory will be eternal.
I hit him in the stomach.
I got bored, that's why I wandered around the city.
I'm not here because of that.
I don't want to do the work.
They've known each other for a very long time.
These days, nearly every car has a GPS.
He handed her a bouquet of flowers.
You're a teacher, right?
He fell in love with the girl.
How did you learn to juggle so well? You make it look so easy.
We went back down into the cellar.
Is it over?
Was that Tom?
I can't skate.
It's now 2:30.
Get off my car.
I can beat you.
I'm tired, too.
Is it over yet?
Sing me a song.
Tom barely ate.
Tom complained.
You ignored me.
A car's coming.
Am I that scary?
Tom cut himself.
Tom felt scared.
Tom let Mary in.
Tom stole a gun.
Tom was a loner.
Was that for me?
Who stabbed you?
Can you hurry up?
I feel great now.
I got here first.
I love Tom's car.
I need new tires.
Is anyone around?
The gate is open.
Tom didn't budge.
Tom died at 2:30.
Tom hated Boston.
Tom looked awful.
Tom stole a boat.
Will that happen?
Everyone likes it.
Go ahead and sing.
How are you, guys?
Is everyone ready?
Is this a new car?
It's been snowing.
See you all later.
That sounds crazy.
That was too much.
It's time to start.
Can you hurry it up?
After dinner, they enjoyed playing cards.
He doesn't believe his father is coming back.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back to Boston.
As homework, the pupils will be writing a report.
You can go on ahead.
Why are you nervous?
Tom woke up at 2:30.
Tom went by himself.
Tom was a bartender.
Tom started digging.
Tom sided with Mary.
Tom shot Mary's dog.
Tom played football.
Tom paid for dinner.
Tom ordered a pizza.
Tom never hurt Mary.
Tom moved back home.
Tom loves the banjo.
Tom looked terrible.
Tom likes the ocean.
Tom liked to travel.
Tom liked to gamble.
Tom left on his own.
Tom heard the shots.
Tom heard a whistle.
Tom headed upstairs.
Tom has a small car.
Tom has a huge boat.
Tom felt invincible.
Tom broke the glass.
Tom broke his ankle.
This is Tom's diary.
There was no way in.
The road is blocked.
That was disgusting.
I'm good at skating.
I know I can fix it.
I can't go with Tom.
Does Tom have a job?
Do you have my book?
Did you just get up?
Did you go upstairs?
Are any of you hurt?
Why's everyone wet?
Were you concerned?
We're glad to help.
Tom trusted nobody.
Tom saw Mary leave.
Tom outwitted Mary.
Tom needs a lawyer.
Tom must be asleep.
Tom is now married.
Tom didn't testify.
Tom didn't say yes.
Tom came home late.
The pizza's ready.
How was work today?
Everyone's worried.
Come over any time.
Aren't you excited?
Who could do that?
Were you speeding?
Tom was in charge.
Tom ordered lunch.
Tom lost his mind.
Tom looked hungry.
Tom liked to draw.
Tom hid his money.
Tom has a license.
Tom got very sick.
Tom drank heavily.
Tom came prepared.
I need to get my car washed.
I need to wash my car.
My car's dirty.
When you think things cannot possibly get worse, that's when I show up.
The structure of the house turned out to be faulty.
This morning there was a thick layer of frost.
I just want peace.
Everyone likes me.
Many people fear what they can't understand.
You are very talented.
His hat was very funny.
The train already left the station.
I saw a doctor this morning.
I will turn in the report at twelve thirty.
The people's opinion can change.
Remember to buy all of the medicine.
His salary doesn't satisfy him.
The road was full of obstacles.
I'm afraid that he is right.
Do you want to turn on the light?
It is believed that there is no life on Mars.
He stopped listening to the radio.
At four, we can go home.
He wanted to swim across the river, but he failed.
What do you conclude about her abnormal behavior?
He can't stand carrots.
I start at noon.
I'm starting at noon.
He found my lost bike.
He can't hold a conversation.
Don't hesitate to ask me.
I associate it with this.
I had to do the dirty work.
What will you do on vacation?
What will you be doing on vacation?
I couldn't get what you said.
I can't get into this building.
Veganism is true peace.
Family is everything.
I like it in here.
I enjoy it in here.
She and her boyfriend were watching porn.
She has passed away.
She has died.
I can give you good health.
I am very rich.
Tom hasn't really tried very hard yet.
Tom's parents are both still living.
Tom went to work early this morning.
Tom desperately needs to find a job.
Everyone but Tom listened carefully.
Tom's daughter married Mary's son.
Tom got pulled over by the police.
Tom was out of town last weekend.
Tom was on the same bus as I was.
Tom lived abroad for three years.
Tom has been awfully quiet today.
Tom owes everyone three dollars.
Tom mentioned Mary's name twice.
Tom is worried about his grades.
Tom is a real down-to-earth guy.
What's Tom's problem with that?
Tom's plan has been successful.
Tom's name was never mentioned.
Tom's father was an accountant.
Tom's family has been notified.
Tom's body was never recovered.
Tom's body never was recovered.
Tom was sentenced last October.
Tom usually loses at blackjack.
Tom treated everybody the same.
Tom stayed with us last summer.
Tom stayed out late last night.
Tom never had that opportunity.
Tom has three younger siblings.
Nobody told Tom not to do that.
Nobody talks about Tom anymore.
Tom is a very interesting man.
Are you missing something?
Tom speaks several languages.
Tom owes Mary thirty dollars.
Tom is not easily satisfied.
Nobody talks to Tom anymore.
Tom owes Mary thirty bucks.
Tom is Mary's youngest son.
Tom took several pictures.
Tom said he felt seasick.
Tom loved it in Boston.
Tom still works there.
It's time for bed now.
Tom still works here.
Tom isn't too happy.
I do not take shit home, I tell straight away. Fuck off!
After Mary's death, Tom was in deep mourning.
After Tom's death, Mary was in deep mourning.
He's not the greatest at math.
You're right, no doubt about it.
You get on my nerves!
I've been taken by surprise.
She's being serious.
She isn't joking.
She's going to escape.
We'll get good grades.
Even if he brought me flowers, I still won't forgive him.
You are pulling my leg.
There's something fishy.
He likes to fake his beliefs.
I have a bad temper.
It's him who is calling the shots.
I prefer to turn a blind eye.
He is making things more difficult for no reason.
I am going to say what's on my mind!
She likes to say things she doesn't really mean.
I am getting bad luck.
She likes to worry about stupid things.
I find it convenient to receive it.
She is sophisticated.
He is scatterbrained.
You have the floor now.
I consider you a princess.
I have it in the tip of my tounge.
She is nobody's fool.
Let me cook!
Let's save the world!
I tend to talk too much.
I am going to save the world.
I want you to keep me informed.
I moved on.
They ate.
Tom is taller than Maria.
He was born to be an editor.
French is not the only language that I learn.
You have to go to bed now.
He wants to keep a close eye on the rules.
People are not used to someone being honest.
Tom thinks that wasting food is a sin.
Let's explore the forest!
Éva is not like the other girls.
Let's not go crazy!
She sowed vegetables in her garden.
That would embarrass Tom.
Do not fear that which is the final end of life: he who fears death eschews the joys of life.
I will never break the law again.
When somebody praises you, remember to be your own judge; do not trust others about you more than you about yourself.
When somebody praises you, remember to be your own judge; do not trust what others (think) of you more than what you (think) of yourself.
Although you are able to win, sometimes yield to a friend, since through deference, sweet friends are preserved.
My dream is to live peacefully in a village.
She's planning a trip.
The pilot worries that takeoff, which is scheduled to occur in an hour, will be delayed due to fog.
I think his opinion is important.
The investigators sent a glass and a pair of socks to be examined.
I was wounded.
If you can, remember to be good even to strangers; it is more useful than a kingdom to obtain friends well-earned.
A crane is a big, beautiful bird.
Are you good at basketball?
There's no way we can get this done.
We have to be fair here.
They kissed each other goodnight.
It really stinks in here.
You have opened the cages.
You opened the cages.
All cats dream of mice.
The teacher has no authority over his students.
The teacher has no authority over her students.
She put the infant in the child seat.
The mother gives an apple to her sons.
I want to have a baby now!
Roll the video.
How weird.
We're going to have a lot of fun!
It happened to me many times.
You have to take care of the planet.
After seeing your spelling, I would like to have acid in my eyes.
Anyone that enjoys animal suffering deserves to die.
I don't see it as art.
What will we have for dinner tonight?
All moms should breastfeed their children.
Tom intimidated Mary.
Tom hollered at Mary.
Tom hid in the attic.
Tom heard some shots.
Tom hated his mother.
Tom has a high fever.
Tom hardly knew Mary.
Tom had it all wrong.
Tom had a break down.
Tom got very excited.
Tom got the job done.
Tom fooled everybody.
Tom died in the fire.
Tom didn't need that.
Tom didn't feel safe.
Tom did Mary a favor.
Tom decided to leave.
Tom crossed the line.
Tom cooked breakfast.
Tom confided in Mary.
Tom cleaned the fish.
Tom changed the plan.
Tom changed his name.
Tom caught the thief.
Tom came to see Mary.
Tom broke Mary's mug.
Tom became a surgeon.
Tom anticipated that.
Tom and Mary laughed.
Tom is a decent guy.
Tom has better plan.
Nobody disliked Tom.
It's your turn, Tom.
Tom jogs every day.
Tom has good taste.
All moms should breastfeed their kids.
Love is making you blind.
Hiding yourself won't help.
Sit down, Tom.
Mary is going to give you another chance.
I will cross my fingers.
I need to go pee.
The little boy is clever.
I guess fire should do the trick!
He sent you a book.
I'm elegible to vote now.
Sometimes he talks a little weird.
Mary drove.
Some people talk while they eat.
Today he is a talkative guy who is native in three languages: Spanish (mom), Arabic (dad), and Swedish (the others).
He studied Chinese in Beijing.
What kind of person hates cats and candy floss?!
He works as a speech therapist.
Sorry that I haven't written in ages.
At the edge of the road laid a dead shrew.
Mother gave the girl a ring.
Tom learned to drive when he was eighteen.
Tom pitched his tent next to mine.
Tom taught Mary how to play golf.
Tom has already started classes.
Tom has a different perspective.
Tom had to wait for three hours.
That's not entirely Tom's fault.
Tom also plays the harpsichord.
Tom and Mary have made up.
Tom couldn't trust Mary.
Tom didn't go outside.
That's probably right.
Tom was a strong man.
Tom was a single dad.
Tom wanted the truth.
Tom unplugged the TV.
Tom understands that.
Tom started vomiting.
Tom started to worry.
Tom started swearing.
Tom should be scared.
Tom opened the trunk.
Tom opened the doors.
Tom objected to that.
Tom never had doubts.
Tom loves challenges.
Tom lost his friends.
Tom locked his doors.
Tom lives on his own.
Tom let Mary go home.
Tom laughed about it.
Tom knew Mary did it.
Tom is doing laundry.
Having done the lessons, he immediately went to bed.
I got up at about five.
We've got no place to stay tonight. Could you put us up for the night?
Thanks for letting me sleep here last night.
I have nowhere else to go. Can I sleep at your place?
Mary attacked Tom.
Tom, Maria! Come downstairs kids, food's ready!
Isn't it nice when the newcomers are still so innocent?
Don't leave valuable items in a car.
Don't leave valuable items in the car.
In this way, the students of the university have the opportunity to expand their horizons.
Mayuko left the room.
Tomorrow I'll be at home all day.
How is this called?
This umbrella, whose is it?
This car, whose is it?
Can I use Mastercard?
How is school?
It's strawberry season.
How is work?
You will find something that interests you.
How was it, the test?
Will you sell your house to her?
I said sorry, didn't I?
I saw five airplanes flying like birds.
What's today's dinner?
Thomas can't leave.
Affluence leads to chagrin.
He made a bold attempt.
You need to listen to reason.
I took his temperature.
He took me for granted.
I can't be at my best.
It remains to be seen who wins.
He's hurrying up.
He's doing the best he can.
The truth is in front of her face.
He's losing his balance.
He likes to beat around the bush.
The little boy is crafty.
They are taking away our chance to earn a living.
Line up at the door.
Stop running your mouth!
My mom was very worried.
They end up with clean soil.
We'll see how well it unfolds.
Mary thought that Tom would ask her to the prom, but he asked someone else.
It went downhill.
Tom didn't go to the prom.
What a bummer.
All the details will be discussed today.
He snuggles with me.
He wants to go to jail to spread the message.
You're a creep, Mister!
Get your shit together!
Get it together!
I assume Argentina will beat Turkey.
Toughen up!
It's quite irritating.
Meanwhile you are out and about with her!
Your father would also be proud of you.
She is skipping school.
If only there were no tests.
You have a face of a child.
You have a child-like face.
Is your son blind?
I am going to be much more careful.
You can't ask for the impossible.
They cheated me.
Every master has his own method.
Every master has his own trick.
He is complicating things further for no reason.
They are unbelievably dishonest.
My watch costs less than yours.
I think we are really doing well.
It is very different the way of thinking between the two religions.
I know that I will die soon.
The farmer could leave no wealth to his sons.
The older Mary gets, the more unbearable she becomes.
Carthage was built by Dido.
When I was eighteen, I could speak eight languages.
When she was forty, she could speak sixteen languages.
When she was twenty, she could speak seven languages.
Why do you say these things, Mary?
Why do you say these things, Tom?
Why do you detest Mary?
Why are you always shouting?
Why do you detest Tom?
At that time, the Romans ruled land and sea.
The sons sorrowfully buried their mother.
Some died, others were wounded.
When he was forty years old, he could speak sixteen languages.
When I was fifteen years old, I could speak five languages.
When he was twenty years old, he could speak seven languages.
Why do you say that she's stupid?
Why do you say that he's stupid?
Why do you say these things, friend?
My work is not as easy as yours.
Did you forget to wax the floor again?
Hold the baby very carefully.
I would like to offer you the position.
I know that you're currently writing a book.
It has been more than years since I got married.
I saw him for the first time in more than years.
I will prove them wrong.
I will change their mind.
Animals are not lifeless objects.
Sacrifice is sometimes necessary.
Language learning is like the number system; it has a beginning but doesn't have an end.
I have confidence in my abilities.
I don't intentionally lie to people.
We're always learning.
Honesty is policy.
I have never been to jail.
Stop spending so much time looking for love and spend more time working on yourself!
Life is not short, contrary to public opinion.
We all need to live life to the fullest.
Immortality is possible.
A higher power might exist.
I cheated on my wife with my boss.
We're not going anywhere with this, are we.
I know someone who can walk on water.
You need to put your best foot forward.
We all need to pay it forward.
We're going to Hell in a handbasket.
I don't have anything to tell you.
Who knows that guy?
I will have to inform them.
Bring me another beer.
I'd like to go to Paris now.
Tom has a better plan.
Music is a language everyone can understand.
When will the Latin courses start?
We can heal the world.
And among them rose the hero son of Atreus, wide-ruling Agamemnon, lamenting: his blackened heart brimming over with rage, and his eyes like blazing fires.
I think he is forty years old.
You are unbelievably dishonest.
Many people call him an idiot.
Children are our future.
Everyone is special and unique in their own way.
Some friend you are!
I will use general terms.
Did you break that?
I'm being helped.
They have been helped.
You have been helped.
I don't want to translate that sentence.
Do you usually turn on the TV as soon as you get home?
Slave labor and child labor are sad realities.
Child labor is a serious social problem in Brazil.
I have no time left.
You're doing us a great service.
You're doing us a great disservice.
Stop all the fuss!
She received a letter from her, but it only contained a few cold words.
That car salesman isn't honest.
Why do you not like Tom?
Tom is a well-respected man.
Ted Cruz dropped out of the presidential race.
Tom is one of the best wrestlers on the team.
I used to love swimming. It was my favorite sport in high school.
It was my favorite sport in high school.
Tom is on the lacrosse team.
Basketball was my favorite sport in high school.
I'm going to try to be much more careful from now on.
What are we going to have for dinner tonight?
Tom came over for dinner yesterday evening.
I think Tom was the one who told me that.
Tom heard Mary snoring in the next room.
My watch didn't cost as much as yours.
It was Tom who told me where you were.
I think Tom is about thirty years old.
Tom didn't pay his rent last month.
I think Tom is thirty years old.
Why do you think Tom is stupid?
Tom stayed at home all weekend.
Tom waited for Mary outside.
Tom has called an ambulance.
Tom didn't do it by himself.
I think Tom is under thirty.
I think Tom is about thirty.
I think Tom is over thirty.
Tom burned Mary's picture.
This car used to be Tom's.
I know that I'll die soon.
Tom didn't press charges.
Tom didn't look too good.
Tom didn't kill his wife.
Tom didn't do it himself.
Tom didn't blame himself.
Tom did better than Mary.
Tom could hear screaming.
Tom can be very charming.
Tom came to talk to Mary.
Tom bought some supplies.
Tom became Mary's friend.
Tom and Mary got engaged.
Tom and I know the truth.
There was no sign of Tom.
That wasn't Tom's choice.
That means Tom was right.
That made Tom pretty mad.
I don't see Tom anywhere.
Was Tom here last night?
Tom's car has new tires.
Tom yelled at everybody.
Tom wore a baseball cap.
Tom won't talk about it.
Tom went to Mary's home.
Tom went right to sleep.
Tom went out for a walk.
Tom went off by himself.
Tom went into the woods.
Tom went home with Mary.
Tom was shot in the arm.
Tom was really confused.
Tom was Mary's only son.
Tom violated his parole.
Tom tried to scare Mary.
Tom seemed very nervous.
Tom said he had a knife.
Tom never saw it coming.
Tom never returned home.
Tom made everyone laugh.
Tom isn't naive anymore.
Tom is the only suspect.
Tom is still recovering.
Tom is now years old.
Tom is fun to be around.
Tom hurt his right foot.
Tom heard Mary coughing.
Tom has fully recovered.
Tom felt very confident.
Tom emptied his pockets.
Tom didn't make a sound.
Tom did the wrong thing.
Tom agreed to meet Mary.
I've told Tom the truth.
I can't stop hiccuping.
Where is Tom right now?
Tom works as a painter.
Tom was asked to leave.
Tom trusts his doctors.
Tom tried to stab Mary.
Tom took the trash out.
Tom told Mary a secret.
Tom stole Mary's purse.
Tom ran away to Boston.
Tom put his clothes on.
Tom offered Mary money.
Tom never lied to Mary.
Tom lived in the woods.
Tom knows who did this.
Tom kept his eyes open.
Tom is my twin brother.
Tom is a lot like Mary.
Tom got a little drunk.
Tom couldn't save Mary.
Who did Tom come with?
Tom was really scared.
Tom was pretty scared.
Tom was badly injured.
Tom tried to hit Mary.
Tom thinks Mary knows.
Tom stayed in the car.
Tom seemed devastated.
Tom saw what happened.
Tom phoned his lawyer.
Tom opened the blinds.
Tom offended everyone.
Tom likes to barbecue.
Tom left the radio on.
Tom knew he was right.
Tom knew all about it.
Tom is terminally ill.
Tom is still a rookie.
Tom is a heavy smoker.
Tom is a good juggler.
Tom is a good husband.
Tom got very agitated.
Tom felt disappointed.
Tom died unexpectedly.
Tom couldn't see Mary.
Tom chatted with Mary.
Tom ate lunch at home.
I think Tom is thirty.
Why is Tom so scared?
Tom was well-behaved.
Tom was well-dressed.
Tom was really tired.
Tom was really drunk.
Tom was nice to Mary.
Tom was nervous, too.
Tom was hard to find.
Tom was easy to find.
Tom needs to go home.
Tom needs some space.
Tom is very trusting.
Tom is very outgoing.
Tom is aware of that.
Tom is already drunk.
Tom is working hard.
Tom is with friends.
Tom is nearly blind.
You will not persuade her with these words.
This old fish tastes weird.
"Tomorrow's a new day," the optimist says.
I don't love anyone else. I love you.
Don't be ashamed of staying silent when you don't have anything to say.
I see a lot, but understand little.
You can't expect any better from an idiot.
Someone stole my car. It wasn't where I parked it.
I was free all day yesterday, but today I'm working.
I'm busy now, but we can talk during lunch.
It's a matter that concerns all of us.
John arrives home after five every day.
I doubt those things.
The police officer drew his revolver.
Good people should still exist in this world.
Nobody is born knowing.
I wasn't born knowing.
In that place, they don't allow you to enter with shoes on.
Infinite points exist in a plane.
I go to San Pablo.
Don't say anything about what happened here.
I soon forgot it.
Mary, please tell me the truth.
I came home and found everything destroyed.
Someone is guarding the entrance.
I hope that you learn.
I rolled out the dough.
Our ammunition has run out.
You will not persuade me with these words.
Why do you say these things, brother?
Why do you say these things, my son?
The sons sorrowfully buried their parents.
The sons sorrowfully buried their father.
I will keep these words my whole life.
You will not persuade him with these words.
Mary says that she can speak seven languages.
Mary said that she would depart soon.
Mary said that she could speak not only Portuguese, but also Spanish.
Mary said that she would always detest Tom.
Mary finally persuaded Tom with these words.
Mary was killed with this knife.
Mary was killed with this rock.
Mary believed that Julia was her sister.
Mary thinks Tom's work is easy.
I saw Mary in church today.
I will depart soon.
Don't move these books.
I will fight for my people.
The president said that he would fight for his people.
The president said that the land was in danger.
I know that I am near death.
I know that your work is not easy.
I know that Tom is more handsome than I.
I know that Mary is more beautiful than I.
I hope that Mary will arrive soon.
I hope you will try.
Offending you wasn't my intention.
I don't even want to think about something similar happening to you.
"When internal examination discovers nothing wrong, what is there to be anxious about, what is there to fear?"
I know that Mary is more beautiful than me.
I know that Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know that Tom is more handsome than me.
I know that Tom is more handsome than I am.
How long will I have to wait?
I know that your work isn't easy.
Tom picked up his guitar and started to play.
Tom didn't finish the job we asked him to do.
Tom gave Mary his jacket and she hung it up.
Tom says he's read all of these books.
Tom keeps his bedroom door locked.
Tom said he noticed a difference.
Tom's daughter is now thirteen.
Tom has moved back to Boston.
Tom is learning how to drive.
Tom left his laptop at home.
Tom heard someone screaming.
Tom handed Mary his wallet.
Tom tried to imitate Mary.
Tom handed Mary her purse.
Tom drove to Mary's house.
Tom drove by Mary's house.
Tom asked for a ride home.
No one knew Tom was there.
I guess Tom didn't see me.
Tom's feelings were hurt.
Tom was murdered in 2013.
Tom tried to revive Mary.
Tom took his clothes off.
Tom spent a lot of money.
Tom snuck up behind Mary.
Tom skipped school a lot.
Tom sat in front of Mary.
Tom opened the back door.
Tom locked all the doors.
Tom left his dog at home.
Tom is no longer with us.
Tom is a lot smarter now.
Tom heard someone scream.
Tom heard Mary screaming.
Tom headed straight home.
Tom has serious problems.
Tom has other priorities.
Tom had to go by himself.
Tom grabbed Mary's wrist.
Tom got home around 2:30.
Tom gave Mary more money.
Tom gave Mary everything.
Tom fired a warning shot.
Tom finished his dessert.
Tom felt like an outcast.
Tom didn't yell for help.
Tom didn't try to resist.
Tom didn't remember Mary.
Tom and Mary fight a lot.
Tom is waiting upstairs.
Tom is really ambitious.
Tom fell off the roof.
I thought I would die.
Don't touch her!
Don't touch him!
Tom gave Mary the first piece of cake.
Tom accused Mary unfairly.
Everybody thinks Tom is a little crazy.
Tom speaks ill of Mary.
I accused you unfairly. I'm sorry.
This trial is guilty of wasting my time; the verdict is therefore guilty.
Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.
Imagine I started learning ASL.
I love blogging.
A rose is fresher as a bud than as a flower in bloom.
What price did he quote you for the pair of earrings?
He quoted a higher price possibly because he thought I was a foreigner.
Download and install the application.
He can't maintain a conversation.
Music is a language that everyone understands.
You will never become president.
A true friend is a great treasure.
Your horse is fast, but mine is faster.
The second part of the book is much more difficult than the first.
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.
You are accusing me unfairly.
Mary speaks ill of Tom.
Orange blossoms are the symbol of wedding.
You'll become a mother.
You'll become a father.
You'll become a teacher.
Death is certain.
Orange blossoms have a relaxing effect and a delightful scent.
The second part of the lesson is more difficult than the first, but the third is the most difficult.
Orange blossoms have a pleasant aroma.
Do you like Indonesian cuisine?
Mary accused Tom unfairly.
He said that he would have called at ten.
Why do you always scream?
Mary gave Tom the first piece of cake.
I want to sleep!
The train has already left the station.
I accused you unfairly.
The dog is looking at the cat.
This will happen to you too.
Could you clean your room, please?
What makes you think that I am lying?
I cannot resist you.
When I was young, I was more agile.
I think that Tom is thirty years old.
This banana is rotten.
He is facing several obstacles.
Do you have the habit of turning on the television as soon as you get home?
Child labour in Brazil is a serious social problem.
Have you eaten enough?
You have eaten enough.
She was born in Rome.
Nobody talks with Mary anymore.
The second part of the lesson is easier than the third, but the first is the easiest.
The first part of the lesson is easier than the second.
You're accusing me unfairly.
I accused him unfairly.
Look, there's a cat on the roof.
I read your letter with great pleasure.
I'm really rich, I assure you that.
I will always detest Mary.
I hope that Tom will arrive soon.
I hope that you will arrive in Rome soon.
Tom says that he can speak six languages.
Tom said that he would always detest Mary.
Tom said that he would depart soon.
Tom said that he could speak not only English, but also French.
Tom finally persuaded Mary with these words.
Tom was killed with this knife.
Tom was killed with this rock.
Tom left no wealth to his children.
Tom promised that he would hand over the money soon.
Tom is near death.
I will always detest Tom.
Tom, a 12-year-old boy, can speak four languages.
Do you see that woman? She's my wife.
Do you see those women?
Do you see that man? He's my husband.
The neighbors say that Mary beats her husband.
Tom beats his wife.
Tom denied having beaten his wife.
Tom denied having beaten his children.
Tom denied having beaten his girlfriend.
Tom began to beat Mary.
Tom began to beat the children.
I lost my cell phone and I can't find it.
The shepherd thinks that the lambs were killed by wolves.
They heard a noise.
His parents invited me to dinner.
Her parents invited me to dinner.
What will you do with your first paycheck?
I don't believe that Tom will return.
Please, don't beat me!
I don't believe that Mary will return.
Don't beat me!
The mouse was killed by the cat.
The cat was killed by the dog.
Two dogs guard the house.
Two dogs guard the entrance.
I said that I did not love him nor would I ever love him.
I said that I did not love her nor would I ever love her.
The long distance courtship is the most concrete proof of love from one person to another, it being true to your loved one or beloved.
Work shall set you free.
The first part of the book is more difficult than the second.
This sounds funny, but there's a lot of truth in it.
Don't be annoying.
Don't annoy me.
I am living the good life.
The second part of the lesson is harder than the first one, but the third one is the most difficult.
Don't pay attention to anything they tell you.
He kissed me and left.
She kissed me and left.
My goal is to become a polyglot.
My goal is to be a polyglot.
All this talk about theft has primed me to look at anyone as a potential pickpocket.
The hungry monkey gets desperate to eat bananas.
He did what he had promised.
Do you have an e-mail address that's easy to memorize?
I've accused you unfairly. I am sorry.
I've accused you unfairly.
I got remarried.
He has so many friends, he wants enemies.
I'm respectful.
Stop the car now!
Why are you talking bad about me?
Why are you accusing me unfairly?
I accused her unfairly.
He gave him a big hug.
There are probably chickens around.
It plays an important role in the development of the policy.
Toss it there!
I have not been so frustrated in a long time.
The successor to the throne was killed.
That box is better than this one.
I will explain it to you after.
I don't trust local TV.
The soldiers were dissatisfied with the government.
I wouldn't call that an improvement.
I got rich.
Tom told me that book is interesting.
The more I learn Esperanto, the more I like it.
I don't like him, but I like her.
They're very clever.
God died. We killed him.
The children are our future.
Did you like the flowers that I sent you?
His car lost control in a roundabout and flipped.
He lost control with the car in a roundabout and it flipped.
He is looking at something non-existent.
I drank it in a gulp.
He pretended to be sick so he didn't have to go to school.
The wind blows in the willows.
Close your eyes when you listen to music!
Your work is not as difficult as mine.
Mary will depart soon.
Mary is near death.
Mary promised that she would hand over the money soon.
Mary, an 11-year-old girl, can speak three languages.
The father of this president was also a president.
The father said little to his daughters.
The father said little to his sons.
We all felt that the country was in danger.
I usually drink my coffee with milk.
I had one of my wisdom teeth pulled out last week.
I gave money to the old man in the road.
Tom's parents were also singers.
Tom's favorite sport is baseball.
Tom works on Park Street.
Tom works at Harvard.
Tom will probably never recover.
Tom wasn't wearing a lifejacket.
Tom told Mary to hurry up.
Tom swore he was innocent.
Tom swears he's innocent.
Tom stayed in his bedroom all afternoon.
Tom started smoking when he was thirteen.
Tom spent thirty days in jail.
Tom sided with his mother.
Tom showed Mary the ropes.
Tom should be out of jail by now.
Tom seems to have a plan.
Tom seems to be searching for something.
Tom seemed to have a plan.
Tom says he has a plan.
Tom said that Mary wasn't injured.
Tom returned empty-handed.
Tom received a standing ovation.
Tom promised to try again.
Tom promised to call Mary.
Tom played a tune for Mary on his banjo.
Tom ordered another drink.
Tom never showed up again.
Tom never locks his door.
Tom moved next door to us.
Tom made a quick recovery.
Tom looked a little angry.
Tom left something behind.
Tom left his kids at home.
Tom left his car unlocked.
Tom left half an hour ago.
Tom knew what had to be done.
Tom is working hard today.
Tom is a dermatologist.
Japanese history interests me.
Usually I go to school on foot.
Editing letter is becoming a lost art.
Tom lacks flexibility.
I ate a little too much yesterday.
Do I have financial problems?
What time will the movie start?
Am I the first?
I understand finally.
The American imperialism won't survive the end of this century.
It's cheaper to take the bus.
I threw together this outfit at the last minute.
Every person makes mistakes. Try to learn from them.
Laziness and success do not go together.
Don't eat raw vegetables.
This place is near the sea.
Let's try to live a life of gratefulness.
Let me win. But if I cannot win, let me be brave in the attempt.
This is particularly important when considering which product is right for you.
I love free stuff.
Free stuff is great.
Who doesn't like free stuff?
Everybody likes me.
Who in this room is prepared to stand up for their rights?
Tom was late getting home yesterday.
Tom was impressed by Mary.
Tom was given antibiotics.
Tom was beaten very badly.
Tom was at school all day.
Tom was as scared as Mary.
Tom wanted to feel needed.
Tom wanted to be the best.
Tom used to play baseball.
Tom used Mary's cellphone.
Tom took care of the kids yesterday.
Tom threw his old wallet away.
Tom often mispronounces people's names.
Tom makes jokes about everything.
Tom is originally from Australia.
Tom is in satisfactory condition.
Tom is good with animals.
Tom has visited Australia three times.
Tom has maintained his innocence.
Tom currently lives in Australia.
Am I to follow you?
Shall I follow you?
You are not in a position to make demands.
I don't care for the consequences.
I would like to remind everyone to try to stick to time.
Even I would have helped her.
We're not far from Tom's.
Tom's wife testified against him.
Tom's pronunciation is very good.
Tom's injuries weren't as severe as Mary's.
Tom's injuries aren't as bad as Mary's.
Tom will pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom went into the kitchen.
Tom wasn't seriously hurt.
Tom was extremely nervous.
Tom wanted to do something.
Tom wanted to do something to help.
Tom walked up to the house.
Tom walked up to the house and knocked on the door.
Tom walked towards his car.
Tom walked back to his car.
Tom used to work with Mary.
Tom tried to change things.
Tom tried to call for help.
Tom took a lot of pictures.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was a teenager.
Tom took a lot of pictures of Mary.
Tom took a lot of pictures at the party.
Tom thought Mary would know where John was.
Tom thought Mary was lying.
Tom thought Mary was lying about where she'd been.
Tom thought Mary could help.
Tom thought Mary could do it.
Tom stood right behind Mary.
Tom still hasn't done his homework.
Tom still hasn't come home.
Tom snuck into Mary's house.
Tom seems to be losing patience.
Tom seems to be enjoying the party.
Tom seemed willing to help.
Tom seemed really confused.
Tom said he would do that for us.
Tom said he thought Mary was with John.
Tom said he needed to talk to Mary.
Tom poisoned himself.
Tom noticed the difference.
Tom noticed several differences.
Tom made a crucial mistake.
Tom left the water running.
Tom left a little after 2:30.
Tom knows where Mary works.
Tom knew where Mary worked.
Tom knew Mary was with John.
Tom knew about the robbery.
Tom isn't wearing shoes.
Tom isn't good at lying.
Tom is no longer a suspect.
Tom is married to a teacher.
Tom is in prison now.
Tom is crying in his room.
Tom is always talking to somebody.
Tom is afraid of Mary's dog.
Tom is a school bus driver.
Tom is a retired policeman.
Tom is a nice-looking boy.
Tom invited Mary to Boston.
Tom hasn't slept in three days.
Tom has decided to get married.
Tom has been acting very strange.
Tom got home about 2:30.
Tom got here just before 2:30.
Tom got fired from his job.
Tom goes running every day.
Tom drove back to the farm.
Tom didn't make much money.
Tom decided to call the police.
Tom couldn't fight anymore.
Tom could hear Mary crying.
Tom boarded up his windows.
Tom asked me what happened.
Tom asked Mary to help John.
Tom arrived around 2:30.
Tom arrived after midnight.
Tom and Mary weren't alone.
Tom alerted the authorities.
Tom agreed to go to Boston.
Tom agreed to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom accidentally shot Mary.
There's no way Tom'll win.
The police think that Tom poisoned himself.
Should I apologize to Tom?
Mary is a very strong-willed woman.
I wonder why Tom left.
I still don't feel safe.
Has Tom been lying to Mary?
Well, that's a fair question. But here's another question. Don't you think that you are asking too many questions at once?
Tom did a wonderful job, that's at least my opinion.
I love to be alive.
To whom will you give the first piece of cake?
You will persuade no one with these words.
I will read your book with great care.
Mary sorrowfully buried her daughter.
Mary sorrowfully buried her son.
If he succeeds, Americans will lose credibility.
Watch me chug this beer.
My husband and I used to go mountain climbing together.
There's one in Swedish also.
The exit will be on the left.
He feels so insecure about his french although he has said he's a french native speaker, that every time he knows I'm there, he doesn't dare to write a single phrase in french.
I'm on the winning path now. Please consider voting for me. I'm Bernie Sanders and you could do worse.
Who will you give the first piece of cake to?
Why is Tom acting this way?
Why is Tom acting like this?
Why doesn't Tom want to go with us?
Why doesn't Tom want to go to Boston?
Where on earth have you been?
What Tom told Mary wasn't true.
Tom's suitcase is missing.
Tom would never leave Mary.
Tom will take care of this.
Tom went back to the hotel.
Tom was worried about that.
Tom was one of the lucky ones.
Tom was always willing to help.
Tom says he doesn't have any enemies.
Tom held the car door open for Mary.
Tom says he has no idea where Mary is.
Tom left his hat in the car.
Tom knew what Mary had done.
Tom knew that Mary knew John.
Tom knew exactly what to do.
Tom kept screaming for help.
Tom is still afraid of Mary.
Tom is really a great guy.
Tom is ready to come home.
Tom is planning on renting a house on Park Street.
Tom has some homework to do.
Tom had plenty of questions.
Tom had no idea what was going on.
Tom got Mary some chocolate.
Tom gave Mary some chocolate.
Tom bought Mary some chocolate.
Tom doesn't really talk much.
Tom doesn't really know Mary.
Tom didn't want to go there.
Tom didn't want to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go there after dark.
Tom did his best to explain what needed to be done.
Tom did his best to explain what had happened.
Mary sorrowfully buried her mother.
Mary sorrowfully buried her father.
Mary left no wealth to her sons.
The mother sorrowfully buried her son.
The mother said little to the daughters.
The mother said little to the sons.
I have learned many lessons.
Do you think that my work is easy?
Everyone says that the food at this restaurant is very good.
The game was full of suspense.
He retired at the age of sixty.
We aren't serious.
Please don't send me back home!
That city is famous for its music industry.
Tom wrung out the cloth.
He didn't understand his joke.
She isn't surprised at all.
I missed that goal.
What a boring task!
She refuses to say what happened.
I never told you what actually happened.
Tom wouldn't tell us what had happened.
Tom hasn't yet told us about that.
I always dreamed of having many children.
He probably entered this room.
That girl isn't stupid.
I wish everybody liked me.
That girl isn't dumb.
That's not as simple as it looks.
My grandma has a twin.
The animal eats.
Is that a good or a bad thing?
That's worth three hundred dollars.
The singer Karla has a beautiful voice.
I never went to Istanbul.
I heard him before already.
Why doesn't Tom visit us anymore?
Tom didn't seem surprised at all.
Tom and Mary are doing well.
Tom and Mary adopted a girl.
Tom almost got hit by a car.
This is where Tom hangs out.
This is Tom's favorite book.
This is one of Tom's favorite books.
That wouldn't surprise me.
That was what Tom told me.
That was what Tom told Mary.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom and Mary got married.
It was Tom who told me you were sick.
It was Tom who stabbed Mary.
I think Tom didn't understand the joke.
How many horses does Tom own?
The princess stood next to the piano.
Slow down! You're driving too fast!
My team won the match.
The political scandal took up the whole first page of the newspaper.
They can finish their homework after dinner.
Slow down. You're driving too fast.
Tom was born on May 3rd,and Mary was born on May 4th, 1990.
An eye for an eye.
Slice up the tomatoes and put them in the salad.
Mix the salt, dry yeast and flour in a big bowl.
The collaboration between Tom and Mary is not going very smoothly.
Is it snowing out there? Look, it's already starting to appear on the ground there!
I sat around in the park for quite a while.
You need to take note of this!
We also invited the child's mother to Seoul.
By the time I noticed that the newspaper had fallen into the water, it had turned into a mushy pulp.
You promised me to look after them.
From which point?
I picked Tom up at the station.
The Scottish National Party has lost its overall majority in the Scottish Parliament.
She spoke in evasive bromides.
I love each and everyone of you.
Hillary's speech was hilarious.
Tom's speech was hilarious.
Tom's speech was really funny.
Tom's speech was quite entertaining.
The best teams are made up of a bunch of nobodies who love everybody and serve anybody and don't care about becoming a somebody.
I've got the munchies.
You cannot defend yourself against stupidity.
I'm hungry so I'm going to make a snack to tide me over until dinner.
One cannot defend oneself against stupidity.
What other excuse could I have?
I don't know who I am.
There's nothing surprising about that.
I don't like my work.
They switched places with each other.
She's a head taller than me.
I'm from Norway.
He should follow my advice.
I read the letter for him.
No one else knows what he's talking about.
He has suffered from aphasia.
Maria hates her job for many reasons.
We had a long period of good weather.
They have paved the on-ramp.
Who is she talking about?
People gathered in the park.
Corporal punishment is still allowed in many countries.
Have you plugged in the sewing machine?
She buys bread.
She is buying bread.
It's not every day one gets an opportunity to meet him.
It's not every day you get an opportunity to meet him.
I got myself something to eat.
An ice hockey puck isn't ball-shaped.
Where have you seen these women?
This is going to be a challenge!
What is the light's wavelength?
I have a strong will.
They didn't want to go, but they did anyway.
He writes to me every week.
I ordered pizza on the internet.
I just clipped my nails.
I just cut my nails.
The girl put the key in her pocket.
He hugged me.
Pesto is God's gift to the world.
I have never eaten Chinese food.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
She had on an apricot-colored dress.
She wore an apricot-colored dress.
She doesn't resemble her mother at all.
He was knighted.
She slept deeply.
We come from different countries.
She studies philosophy at the country's most prestigious university.
Santa lives in Rovaniemi.
His hobby is strength training.
He suffers from agoraphobia.
This coffee tastes like dishwater.
The teacher is right.
He celebrated New Year's Eve alone.
The departure is tomorrow.
Hurry up. Otherwise, we'll be late to lunch.
I can't come today, and not tomorrow, either.
Where would you rather go?
The last day to apply is next Friday.
The permanent population isn't big.
This costs nothing.
Tom speaks only French with his parents.
Tom only speaks French with his parents.
I don't believe that at all.
He can talk to the dead.
He wasn't cooperative.
Are they together again?
Tom and Mary's children like strawberries.
The Belgians were the strongest of all the Gauls.
Socrates was the wisest of the Greek philosophers.
There was more bad than good in him.
Cicero was the most eloquent of the Roman orators.
I heard him, but I didn't understand him.
I understood everything that you said to me.
Dolphins don't have gills.
Whales don't have gills.
Neither whales nor dolphins have gills.
Unfortunately I don't know a single word in Turkish.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
If a tree falls in the forest, and there's nobody around to hear, does it make a sound?
Seek and you shall find, what is unsought will go undetected.
Mary should be very careful while crossing the road.
She is going to wait for her sister here.
She had tears pouring down her cheeks.
We aren't disappointed.
After eating dinner, I washed the dishes.
After eating supper, I washed the dishes.
I don't scare them.
Amsterdam is a popular destination for tourists.
Tourists from all over the world come here.
Amsterdam is famous for its canals.
The Netherlands is famous for its windmills, tulips, wooden clogs and canals.
My best friend comes from Canada.
I'm traveling to Spain.
I did well on the test.
I can't be sure Tom will help.
A fierce battle led to an historical victory for Sweden.
You can replace a little bit of the white flour with rye flour.
The longer you let the tomato sauce simmer, the tastier it will be.
What would you rather have at Christmas? Ham or turkey? Neither one, I'm vegan.
My toes are cold. I guess I will put on my socks.
I will go and pick up my child from daycare.
Mechanical devices are more reliable than electronic ones.
I bought vegetables, beef and butter.
Our little girl can already walk!
Could you rearrange this list so it's in alphabetical order?
Teens just get glued to their smartphones just like the ones that do not perceive anything around them in that very moment.
I stood in line yesterday to get to the lab to do blood work.
Hey you guys, bang your glasses and let us cheer!
I can stay up late since I am on summer holidays.
Change the flag.
Why can't you apologize to him?
He's eating breakfast now.
Your wife isn't unfaithful.
"Who lives there?" he asked the gardener.
The teachers looked at her, surprised.
We have to wash him.
I've never eaten Chinese food.
Boil the water and pour it on the tea.
This is going to be a challenge.
The trip was very informative.
Those who dig a grave for others will themselves fall therein.
Those who dig a grave for others will fall therein.
What do you feel now?
I would advise you to get to the airport on time.
Our new neighbour is always there whenever we need help with anything.
Our new neighbour is always there if we need help with anything.
I got a hair-clipper to save myself from spending money on a hairdresser.
The company's labour costs in China have been so high that an unexpected China phenomenon is about to become the norm.
Tom had to make do with a glass of water with his food because he had no beer at home.
You get a discount if you buy two pairs of brand name shoes.
The evening before the wedding, Mary was still calm as a cucumber.
He's very fastidious when it comes to booking trips.
You gotta agree that he looks stylish in that costume.
The new TV host is a little rigid.
Sometimes you can indulge yourself in some luxury.
"Have you already started building the courtyard?" "Yeah, it's looking great!"
She's beautiful enough.
We don't need to stay there.
Oxygen Mask: If extra oxygen masks are needed, the masks will arrive automatically. Pull down the mask and put it over your mouth and nose. Fasten the strap around your head and breathe normally. Put on your own mask before assisting others.
You didn't tell me that Tom speaks French.
Dear passengers, we now ask you to place your luggage under the seat in front of you, lift the table and backrest upright, lower the armrest, fasten your safety belt and open the window shutters.
Tom couldn't care less about John's meaningless chatter about yesterday's hockey match.
"But I don't want a divorce" cried Tom, but to Mary it fell on deaf ears.
Tom was previously a drunk, but now he's a teetotaler.
People gathered at the Hakaniemi Market on Walpurgis Night to listen to speeches and prepare for the May Day train.
Mary tried to smither her way out of the dark basement but hit her head on the rafter and fainted.
They bounced up and down.
Tom couldn't understand Mary's nervousness before the act before he himself got stage fright.
Skånska has a hard r-sound.
Here is a sampling of today's program.
Tom will join a beginners course in Udmurt.
I bought a box of chocolates on the way to work as a gift for my colleagues.
Mary saw a strange blue light in the sky.
He admits being able to bend a metal spoon.
The beautiful woman tore her red dress.
They walk barefoot.
The lit skyscraper served as a beacon, welcoming those who came to the city.
It's a boy.
He couldn't go against his principles.
Someone's got to take responsibility for the family.
What are you doing with the water over there?
What are you doing with the water there?
You don't have a life jacket.
You should know something.
I am not in a situation to discuss this problem.
It's been easier than I thought.
I've never told you what actually happened.
Don't leave valuables in your car.
Don't leave valuables in your vehicle.
I was criticized.
I blushed.
I turned red.
I turned pale.
I blanched.
In math class I sometimes don't even understand what exactly I don't understand.
I changed clothes.
I changed my clothes.
So long as certain parameters are met.
I voted.
I got undressed.
I took off my clothes.
Is the water cold?
This clothing is dirty and needs to be washed.
At your age I already knew how to tie my shoes.
He pushed the car downhill.
I don't agree and I will tell you why.
That is a preposterous story.
I step out for bread less often than some girls step down the aisle.
The law is no longer in force.
Vegetarian food is good for your health.
It's going to cost you a lot more to stay at that hotel during high season than during low season.
That hotel will cost you much more during peak season than off-season.
Apparently, having too few foes, the Americans like to provoke the enemies of their enemies rather than befriend them.
His previous movie was received enthusiastically, but the response to his new one has been mixed.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, the past is no more. The future has not yet come. Life is here and now.
I don't agree and I'm going to tell you why.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
The bugs are everywhere.
Tom and Marie's kids like strawberries.
There are a lot of snakes in this forest.
Tom asked me how many guitars I own.
What are we eating for dinner?
Who was it that called me?
She misplaced her purse.
I don't have it in me to go into the city.
It hurts to say that Zlatan is the best we've had.
It smells like shit here.
A hypothetical explanation could be that they just forgot it.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth: not going all the way, and not starting.
Tom left the water on.
Behold, O monks, this is my last advice to you. All component things in the world are changeable. They are not lasting. Work hard to gain your own salvation.
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly — that is the first law of nature.
Prejudice is an opinion without judgement.
I like English, but I can't speak it well.
Which songs did they sing?
On behalf of your grandchildren, save the forests!
Common sense is quite rare.
If you have two religions in your land, the two will cut each other's throats; but if you have thirty religions, they will dwell in peace.
I treasure this experience.
It is about disarming Iraq and destroying its weapons of mass destruction.
"Who gave that to you?" "Some man."
Let's talk about your work this evening.
All the students went home.
All the meat had spoiled.
Sometimes married people long to be single.
Tom helped the poor.
We cater to you, the customer with refined taste.
I can't find you.
He can do what he wants.
There are very rare animals in Australia.
I can take care of that immediately.
I'd like to eat breakfast with you.
The day is saved.
I know you didn't come to listen to me.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem.
God is silent. Now if only man would shut up.
I have questions to all your answers.
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.
Let's be magnanimous toward our rivals.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Being sick is unhealthy.
What is biokinesis?
Can you change the color of your eyes?
If one dream dies, dream another dream. If you get knocked down, get back up and go again.
This morning I ate french fries with sour cream.
Tomorrow is the election.
I ate quickly.
I might be crazy, but not stupid.
I don't believe policies are always honest.
I don't think it will rain tomorrow.
I'm not in the mood to go downtown.
It's time to get your life together.
You will have to make do with what we have.
Your letter has just arrived.
In the upper left corner it says "For sale".
When Tom was little he was clumsy and would fall often. All his pants would have knee patches.
Violence begins where patience ends.
That's why he keeps pausing and hemming and hawing.
Virgin Mary appeared to Tom in a dream.
Before I die, in addition to my last will and testament, I want to write a love letter as well. No matter how shameful it may be, I don't have to be ashamed anymore.
Does the end justify the means? That is possible. But what will justify the end?
He gained weight.
All my energy has ebbed away.
You took the sheep to the market.
She didn't agree with him.
The word is repeatedly used with that meaning.
Get out of my class.
I never had bad intentions.
We have more than a hundred books at home.
You ripped me off!
What a dummy! I forgot my keys!
I passed the exam without studying.
I'm not going to seduce her.
The taxi guy wanted to rip me off.
I like that dude.
Don't ever call gays "fags".
I don't want to date a whore.
You see? I was right.
Stop. I don't want to do this.
They have been transported to various hospitals.
The bird was injured.
Do you think Mary is innocent?
Do you think she's innocent?
Do you think he's innocent?
Mary wants to make a day trip.
Tom made a day trip.
I made a day trip.
Romulus was the son of Rhea Silvia.
Romulus was the grandson of Numitor.
Philosophy is the love of wisdom.
Her baby lived for one day.
We're currently studying the project's feasibility.
The doctor doesn't attach any importance to these symptoms.
Doors open when you're friendly.
I didn't like that game.
Tom addressed that point.
The poor girl was barely eighteen.
A flash of lightning suddenly lit up the dark nocturnal landscape.
One day our children will take over our paddy planting.
You cannot have the property although Indai was your late wife.
You still haven't learned yet.
I'm Ukrainian.
I hate flies.
I'm going to my sister's.
I'm going over to my sister's.
She's white.
The false alarm caused panic.
Give me the car keys, please.
Can I hold your baby?
Do you want to hold my baby?
Do you want to hold my dog?
He spent a sleepless night.
I passed a sleepless night.
Tom and Mary had two daughters: Paula and Joanna.
Tom and Mary had two sons: Paul and John.
Tom used to drink a lot, but now he's a teetotaler.
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Don't raise Tom's hopes too much.
I graduated three years ago.
I thought you were raised in Boston.
I'll try to change their minds.
Mary isn't Tom's biological daughter.
No sooner had Tom sat than he slumped over unconscious, sliding to the floor.
Maybe next fall we will see the ugliest and most cringeworthy presidential contest in the history of the United States of America.
"Whose glasses are those?" "Hers."
