Tom taught me how to play billiards.
The exact same thing happened to one of my friends.
Tom gave up trying to persuade Mary to babysit his kids.
I have to take care of the neighbor kids.
Tom is in the living room watching cartoons with the kids.
Tom offered to watch the kids.
Tom stayed home because of the kids.
I think I'll ask Tom to help us pull weeds.
Why do you want to switch jobs?
Maybe Tom was really as busy as he said he was.
Tom saw Mary standing at the top of the stairs in her pajamas.
This recipe is my grandmother's.
Do we have enough flour?
Tom has been waiting for half an hour.
I'll come back in half an hour.
There are some grapes in the refrigerator.
I'm in love with the girl next door.
How much did you buy that for?
What's the name of the company you work for?
Is this what you were looking for?
Did you get everything you asked for?
Tom gave Mary everything she asked for.
Mary had a flower in her hair.
I'm a very good chess player.
I was hoping that you'd know the answer.
Please speak slower.
Where can we cross this river?
I thought that we'd be together forever.
We can't stay here forever.
Who sent this letter?
I need you to go to the post office and mail this letter.
I think it must've been Tom who wrote this letter.
I'm sorry I was so rude to your sister.
Tom ordered the lobster.
You're not good enough for my daughter.
Tom doesn't look like a weight lifter.
I'll tell you all the details later.
Can you call me back later?
Tom bought a cashmere sweater.
Let's meet in front of the movie theater.
Is Tom a good kisser?
Can you recommend a good upholsterer?
Tom should've come sooner.
I drank a glass of red wine after dinner.
Tom often takes a walk before dinner.
How much do you pay your gardener?
I went to school with your brother.
I got this recipe from my grandmother.
Tom gave Mary a ring that once belonged to his grandmother.
Why didn't you listen to your mother?
I recommend that you call your mother.
Tom and Mary seem perfect together.
Tom and Mary often take walks together.
We've done a lot of stupid things together.
Tom and Mary spent the summer together.
We used to go fishing together.
Tom and Mary walked home together.
Tom was a piano teacher.
I wanted to be a piano teacher.
Tom isn't really a teacher.
I always thought that Tom would become a teacher.
Tom is going to be a teacher.
Tom looked at Mary and then winked at her.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him kiss her.
Tom promised Mary that he'd help her.
Tom saw Mary across the room and went over to talk to her.
I think we don't need to stay here any longer.
Maybe Tom wants to sleep a little longer.
Tom wished he could've stayed longer.
There are bean bags in our library.
Can myrtle be used in cooking?
I don't like the taste of okra.
He's armed to the teeth.
They really are at loggerheads.
I want to talk to the manager.
Tom will likely accept your offer.
This is the bar where I drank my first beer.
Tom and I split a pitcher of beer.
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist since October.
Sorry, I think I have the wrong number.
Tom said he didn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom couldn't get Mary to tell him her phone number.
Tom is learning how to play the guitar.
Tom decided to grow corn this year.
Nobody liked the soup.
This is the house where Tom grew up.
Do you want me to come and pick you up?
I waited all day, but Tom never showed up.
I wouldn't have been able to finish the job without your help.
I'm not asking for your help.
I wish that I could do more to help.
It's good that Tom can come to help.
I've promised Tom I would help.
How many lifeboats are on this ship?
Many people died because there weren't enough lifeboats on the ship.
This road isn't on the map.
Did you bring everything we asked you to?
Tom said he didn't know who to give it to.
This is the kind of music that Tom likes to listen to.
I'll stay as long as you want me to.
Tom said he knows how to play tennis, but he doesn't like to.
My sister took the children to the zoo.
When was the last time you went to a zoo?
Let's have lunch on the patio.
Who taught you to tango?
Tom sold his house in Boston a long time ago.
There's nothing to see here. Let's go.
Please let me know when you're ready to go.
Tom thinks we don't want to go.
I lied to you because I didn't want to go.
I don't want Tom to go.
I don't want to watch this video.
I still don't know what to do.
Tom hasn't yet done what he promised he'd do.
This is one of the best restaurants in town.
This is the best hotel in town.
Tom would've told us if he'd known.
Tom was asked by Mary to mow the lawn.
My father won't let me go to Boston.
Tom is visiting Mary in Boston.
My name is Tom Jackson.
Tom recently got out of prison.
Tom can't be fired. He's the boss's son.
Tom said he'd be ready soon.
Maybe Tom didn't plan to be here this soon.
I wasn't expecting to be back here again so soon.
Tom is coming soon.
I hope you and Tom will come over for dinner sometime soon.
Tom planted some flowers in the garden this afternoon.
Tom and Mary went to Australia for their honeymoon.
This is not the best solution.
Let's find another solution.
I'll think of some other solution.
I think we're close to a solution.
Maybe I can answer your question.
Can I ask you a delicate question?
Tom left the key in the ignition.
You can't leave without my permission.
I know Tom wants to make a good impression.
Many people like traveling by train.
You can't get there by train.
It's not possible to get there by train.
Tom is going to try again.
I promise never to do that again.
You shouldn't ever have to do this again.
What should I do if I get sick again?
What should I do if Tom gets sick again?
Tom opened the door and let Mary in.
Tom opened the sliding door to let John and Mary in.
Tom isn't as good-looking as John.
Tom isn't as handsome as John.
Tom wanted Mary to help John.
Tom took a picture of Mary's new car and sent it to John.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John.
Tom said he saw Mary at the movie theater with John.
Maybe Tom really did see Mary kissing John.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't like John.
Tom has known Mary since kindergarten.
I can't go home without my children.
Tom has offered to take care of the children.
Tom will take care of the children.
I had no idea that this was going to happen.
There's no chance that's going to happen.
Tom left the back door open.
I don't know when this photo was taken.
I don't remember when this photo was taken.
Tom didn't clean the kitchen.
I still need to clean the kitchen.
I want to build a fountain in my garden.
Tom said that he'd water the garden.
I think I'll ask Tom to help us weed the garden.
Tom wants to be a stuntman.
My dog always barks at the mailman.
Tom is a very intelligent man.
The wound itched intolerably and gave him a burning sensation.
I think this is the best plan.
Please don't tell Tom about our plan.
I think we should stick to the original plan.
Tom's youngest son wants to be a veterinarian.
How much did you pay the electrician?
Tom swallowed his chewing gum.
I don't really know anybody in town except Tom.
I don't know anybody here except Tom.
Everyone knows that you hit Tom.
Have your parents met Tom?
I remember the way you used to look at Tom.
You shouldn't have to kiss Tom.
Please show this to Tom.
What should I buy for Tom?
I waited all day for Tom.
Everybody in the family wore glasses except for Tom.
I doubt you'd remember Tom.
No one could stop Tom.
I think we'd better help Tom.
I hope you can help Tom.
Maybe you can help Tom.
I just wish I knew what to say to Tom.
Why didn't you listen to Tom?
I forbid you to talk to Tom.
I didn't want to talk to Tom.
I gave everything to Tom.
I won't lie to Tom.
Just promise me you'll be nice to Tom.
You won't believe what happened to Tom.
I advise you to stay away from Tom.
I got a letter from Tom.
I received a letter from Tom.
What is it that you'd like to ask Tom?
I remember the way you used to flirt with Tom.
Did you have another fight with Tom?
Nobody likes to work with Tom.
I still keep in touch with Tom.
Do you know what's wrong with Tom?
I think you're going to enjoy spending time with Tom.
I think that something is bothering Tom.
I think you're going to like Tom.
I couldn't convince Tom.
I wonder what it would be like to be Tom.
How many students are in the classroom?
How many people can fit in this room?
Tom saw Mary looking at him from across the room.
Tom explained his plan to everyone in the room.
Tom saw Mary walk in and take a seat in the back of the room.
Tom was about to say something when Mary entered the room.
Is that your mom?
How many years have you been teaching children to swim?
This is the pool where Tom learned to swim.
I'm pretty sure that Tom believed everything I told him.
Tom believed everything I told him.
Do you know who wrote this poem?
Pretend you don't know them.
I don't see much difference between them.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
It's good that you passed the exam.
I see that you're as stubborn as I am.
Have you met the new girl?
Do you have a swimming pool?
Tom said he wanted to go to business school.
Tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school.
Tom woke up the children and told them to get ready for school.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary went to school.
What kind of clothes do you usually wear to school?
I want you to take Tom to school.
Tom was a big troublemaker in school.
Tom took the kids to the school.
I'm meeting Tom for lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Who taught you to surf so well?
Tom's room is very small.
Tom opened the drawer and took out a pencil.
Sorry, I don't have a pencil.
Who taught you how to sail?
Did you get my email?
How frequently do you check your email?
You have no idea how I feel.
We didn't find anything unusual.
You're not treating me as an equal.
My wife works as a nurse at a local hospital.
I haven't spoken with Tom since he got out of the hospital.
There were many people at the funeral.
I don't usually wear a tie to work.
Tom never eats pork.
I don't think Tom eats pork.
I don't like pork.
Tom said he saw Mary in the park.
I'm sure it was Tom that I saw in the park.
I didn't see anyone in the park.
Let's go have a look.
I lost my notebook.
Give me a little time to think.
Tom is a lot smarter than Mary, I think.
This is a good time to rob the bank.
Why don't you go for a walk?
I'll be busy all next week.
Are you coming next week?
I want to rent a car.
There aren't many books on the shelves.
Coffee is so dang expensive.
Tom said he'd rather come next week.
Tom broke up with Mary last week.
Tom came home drunk every night last week.
Tom was away from home all last week.
We just had Tom's room painted last week.
I'll be busy all week.
Tom said he'd be back before the end of the week.
Tom was almost hit by a truck.
I waited all day for Tom to come back.
Tom asked Mary how many languages she could speak.
Do you know where I can get a taxi?
I didn't do so badly, did I?
It's time for you to tell me the whole truth.
I'm sure Tom told you the truth.
I won't rest until I find out the truth.
I suspect that Tom isn't telling the truth.
Is there a doctor here who speaks English?
Don't you like fish?
Do you think Tom is strong enough?
Do you think I'm strong enough?
My gas bill for last month was very high.
Why is my blood pressure high?
I don't think Tom likes Mary very much.
Tom knew that Mary didn't like him much.
This is the kind of program that Tom likes to watch.
I bought myself a nice watch.
Tom lit the candle with a match, and then blew out the match.
Tom is talking with Mary on the porch.
What do you want to eat for lunch?
I'm meeting Tom for lunch.
Tom invited us to lunch.
Tom didn't even have time to eat a quick lunch.
I never drink beer before lunch.
Tom made Mary a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tom made Mary a sandwich.
Everyone laughed at me on the beach.
What are some of the side effects of this drug?
I knew that something was wrong.
Did Tom stay long?
Tom said he was going to stay up all night long.
I haven't been waiting so long.
I don't know why the baby is crying.
I have no intention of staying.
I'm afraid I don't understand what you're saying.
When are you moving?
My parents are no longer living.
Tom tried to keep Mary from leaving.
Tom hated the thought of leaving.
The police detective carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
Tom convinced us to buy that painting.
Tom has already told Mary about the meeting.
I've already told Tom about the meeting.
I want to know why you weren't at the meeting.
Three customers came in just as we were closing.
You never know what the future will bring.
This is the supermarket where we usually do most of our shopping.
Why aren't you going?
How's work going?
Can you tell us where you're going?
Can you tell me where you're going?
Can you tell us what you're doing?
I came just to see what you're doing.
Tom didn't take a shower this morning.
Tom doesn't have a fever this morning.
Tom didn't have a fever this morning.
Tom said he saw Mary earlier this morning.
Tom and I had a very interesting conversation this morning.
Tom took the kids to the school this morning.
I want to know why you weren't at the meeting this morning.
There wasn't much traffic this morning.
Tom was surprised to see Mary out jogging so early in the morning.
What time do you go to work in the morning?
Tom is leaving in the morning.
What are the symptoms of mushroom poisoning?
Tom knows he has no chance of winning.
I go for a walk with my husband every evening.
Tom said he'd be home this evening.
What do you think about global warming?
Tom let Mary do the talking.
Tom let Mary do all the talking.
Tom and Mary were sitting at the kitchen table, talking.
I think Tom didn't tell us everything.
Tom blames me for everything.
I'm no longer surprised by anything.
My parents didn't suspect anything.
I was advised not to do anything.
Tom knows better than to do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't usually do this kind of thing.
Why do you want to go fishing?
Why's the yellow light flashing?
I listen to music while I'm jogging.
I've never been surfing.
It's probably just a misunderstanding.
There may have been a misunderstanding.
Dogs aren't allowed in my apartment building.
Do you like chocolate pudding?
Tom didn't invite Mary to his wedding.
Tom's parents didn't attend his wedding.
I'm not sure I'm going to Tom's wedding.
Maybe Tom could sing at your wedding.
We had a traditional church wedding.
Tom bandaged his own leg.
Where can I learn how to surf?
Tom taught me how to surf.
I've started teaching my kids to surf.
Would you teach me to surf?
I don't think that I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
Tom put everything back on the shelf.
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself off.
Tom didn't even get a chance to say goodbye.
Tom left the office without even saying goodbye.
We aren't in any danger, are we?
We aren't in danger, are we?
Tom can be very vindictive.
The restaurant we went to wasn't so expensive.
What games do you have?
This is very similar to the one I have.
When does the bus leave?
Are you sure that this isn't true?
What you've heard about me isn't true.
What I told you yesterday wasn't true.
Tom didn't think that what Mary said was true.
Tom would like to paint his room blue.
Can you listen to me for a minute?
I think it must've been Tom who sent Mary that note.
Tom told me that I was thirty minutes late.
I knew it was too late.
Let's get out of here before it's too late.
Tom said that he and Mary would probably be a little late.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't be late.
Tom expected Mary to be late.
I expect Tom will be late.
Tom told Mary that he'd be late.
Tom is waiting at the gate.
Tom was waiting at the gate.
Is this your purse?
We'll never use those.
I'd rather do something else.
Tom knew that he was supposed to be doing something else.
Can we have a menu, please?
Can I see your passport, please?
Can I have a receipt, please?
Can I have a glass of water, please?
Can you speak louder, please?
May I speak to Tom Jackson, please?
I'm not afraid of the future.
You promised not to do that anymore.
Tell your son not to harass my daughter anymore.
I wish that I could do more.
I'm still the same person I was before.
When does your passport expire?
I wonder what it would be like to be a millionaire.
Tom asked Mary what her plans for the future were.
Is Tom going somewhere?
Please don't sit there.
Please follow me. I'll show you how to get there.
How do I get there?
Tom didn't seem to notice that Mary was there.
Tom didn't seem to even notice that Mary was there.
Can we sit over there?
Who's that man over there?
Your suitcases are over there.
Tom is sitting at the table over there.
I have to be there.
You don't need to be there.
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.
Are you sure you can't stay here?
I hope you and Tom will like it here.
Let's leave as soon as Tom gets here.
It was lucky that I was here.
How long have you been a doctor here?
Strange things tend to happen here.
Don't tell your mother what you've seen here.
Don't tell Tom what you've seen here.
How long have we been here?
How do I get to the station from here?
Don't come back here.
I think there's something wrong here.
That's not appropriate here.
Have you met everyone here?
I don't trust anyone here.
Is this your first time here?
I've spent most of my life here.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to be here.
I thought Tom was going to be here.
Do you still need for me to be here?
I don't care how poor you are.
I have no idea where the others are.
I had to lie to everyone.
Don't talk about this to anyone.
Tom bought a new case for his saxophone.
Speak into the microphone.
What games do you have on your phone?
Tom talked to Mary on the phone.
I'm talking to Tom on the phone.
Tom didn't even know that Mary was gone.
That car over there is mine.
Take this medicine.
I slept for a couple of hours on the airplane.
I have a kidney condition.
I'm going to take a bath as soon as I get home.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't at home.
I'm sorry, but I have to go home.
Tom will go home.
I ran away from home.
I tried to convince Tom to come home.
There's no chance that Tom will be here on time.
I've loved you for a long time.
This restaurant has been here a long time.
There's no hurry. We have plenty of time.
It's up to you how you spend your free time.
All of my students call me by my first name.
What's that guy's name?
I can't remember that guy's name.
What's the new boy's name?
I forgot to tell you the babysitter's name.
What was the final score of the game?
I waited all day, but Tom never came.
I don't know why Tom is mad at me.
I'd never let you kiss me.
You've always been very good to me.
Tom's older than me.
I think my parents are hiding something from me.
I'm taking my daughter to Boston with me.
I asked Tom to go to Boston with me.
Are you blaming me?
Tom hugged me.
All I ate yesterday was one apple.
My neighbors are very nice people.
I was the one who dug this hole.
I haven't eaten dairy products for a while.
Tom told me never to touch his rifle.
No one helped me when I was in trouble.
Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tell Tom I need to talk to him as soon as possible.
I'll be there as soon as possible.
Please help Tom as much as possible.
The weather here is very unpredictable.
My wife is very unpredictable.
Nobody wanted to get up from the table.
Tom and Mary are inseparable.
What Tom said is very reasonable.
I think that price is reasonable.
I don't drink and I don't smoke.
How many would you like?
How much would you like?
How long did the surgery take?
It took a lot longer than I thought it would take.
I really liked that movie.
I think you're going to like this movie.
Do you ever wear a tie?
You should try some of this pie.
Tom will never change.
Tom didn't want to go to college.
There was only one bottle of beer in the fridge.
Tom often argues with his wife.
I think online dating isn't safe.
Did you know that Tom was kidnapped when he was three?
I like a lot of sugar in my coffee.
Tom has been waiting for me outside.
Where should we hide?
I think Mary was the prettiest girl in our class when we were in the third grade.
My wife has been here once.
Tom still doesn't have enough experience.
Tom will likely follow your advice.
I think Tom will follow your advice.
I'm glad that you asked Tom for advice.
I'm glad you asked me for advice.
Do you recognize my voice?
You may have made the wrong choice.
Do you think you've made the wrong choice?
The hotel we stayed at was very nice.
I didn't want to talk to the police.
Tom didn't call the police.
My neighbor called the police.
I can't stand this place.
Let's find another place.
The restaurant we went to wasn't as expensive as I expected it to be.
The hospital food wasn't as bad as I expected it to be.
I'm still the same person I used to be.
I almost spilled the coffee on my keyboard.
Tom bought me a new surfboard.
Where can I buy a surfboard?
Where can I rent a surfboard?
Tom gave me a surfboard.
My mother asked me to shave off my beard.
There's a restaurant pretty close to here, but it's not very good.
The hospital food wasn't very good.
Tom thought Mary's plan wasn't any good.
I guess that's good.
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility that Mary has left him for good.
I don't see why everyone thinks this book is so good.
I promise you that from now on I'll be good.
Do we really need this much food?
I saw some empty bottles lying on the ground.
Why aren't there any fish in this pond?
Have you met Tom's new girlfriend?
Tom had a fight with his girlfriend.
I want to be Tom's friend.
Can I bring a friend?
Please don't let go of my hand.
What's that you have in your left hand?
I just wish I knew what to say to my husband.
It didn't cost as much as I thought it would.
This is taking longer than I thought it would.
It cost a lot more than I thought it would.
I graduated from high school when I was seventeen years old.
I thought you said Tom was stupid.
My passport is no longer valid.
Please don't tell Tom about what we did.
Tom was surprised by what Mary said.
Tom didn't understand a word that Mary said.
Tom paused a moment to read what the sign said.
I forgot to tell you what Tom said.
I thought about what Tom said.
Don't believe what Tom said.
I agree with everything Tom said.
When does your passport need to be renewed?
Tom said he didn't know where Mary lived.
You seem to be relieved.
Everyone was fingerprinted.
Have you ever been fingerprinted?
Tom told me that he was disappointed.
I didn't know that we were related.
You're the first girl I ever kissed.
You're the first girl I've ever kissed.
Tom didn't feel embarrassed.
That's not what you promised.
My passport has expired.
Tom's passport has expired.
I'm not at all scared.
Why did you paint your fence red?
Tom seemed stunned.
Tom could see that Mary was shocked.
My brothers are already married.
I haven't spoken with Tom since he got married.
Tom and Mary decided not to get married.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
Tom's oldest daughter isn't married.
I want to know how Tom died.
Do you think Tom will succeed?
Tom slept much longer than he had intended.
Tom gave Mary the information she needed.
Here's your salad.
I love the smell of freshly baked bread.
It's not light enough in here to read.
I'm glad to have a roof over my head.
I wrote a poem in memory of my dad.
Tom is very materialistic.
You don't seem too enthusiastic.
Tom didn't seem too enthusiastic.
My wife works in a nearby pub.
Tom could hardly wait to start his new job.
Why do you want this job?
Tom didn't even apply for the job.
Tom found Mary a good job.
Can you give my brother a job?
Tom agreed to help Mary find a job.
Tom wasn't able to find a job.
My feet are numb.
Which would you recommend, spaghetti or pizza?
Tom wasn't able to get a visa.
What was it like living in Australia?
How long will Tom be in Australia?
Tom is flying in tomorrow from Australia.
Maybe Tom can help you move the sofa.
How many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea?
I put a few blueberries in your tea.
I put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea.
This is the best restaurant in our area.
Tom knew that it was a bad idea.
Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.
Why are you so clingy?
Now that I hate Tom, all of my attention has been redirected to John.
That's an eerie melody.
Do you actually mean it?
Why did you only stop the foreigners?
Tom showed us around the city.
Rote learning might help you to pass exams, but it's no guarantee that you'll really understand the subject matter.
Tom and Mary have taught their children to say "excuse me" if they want to interrupt a conversation.
How many cups of coffee a day are too many?
Tom's mother told an extraordinary story of an out-of-body experience she had during her recent brush with death.
Tom's mind went blank when he got up to give the eulogy at Mary's funeral.
Tom's very good at mental arithmetic.
It just wasn't meant to be.
Their friendship gradually turned into love.
We were at my aunt's last week.
He avoided danger.
He was awarded order.
Let's wait awhile!
Their friendship quickly turned into love.
I need a rest after all that resting!
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
I spread marmalade on my bread.
The patriarchal system has always been more prevalent.
He's a patriarch.
Seeing him with his girlfriend puts me in a bad mood.
Could you do me the courtesy of replying?
He didn't do me the courtesy of greeting me when he passed me by.
I'm not going if you don't invite Tom, too.
I'm not good at telling jokes.
Think before you open your mouth.
Ew! My uncle's basement smells of skunk!
Let's wait a while and see what happens.
I'm going to be fluent in Spanish in two months, I swear!
Tom doesn't know precisely where he was born.
I'll be there in a while.
The blueberry cake he made was delicious.
Pigeons stay with the same partner for life.
He did push-ups in three minutes.
She's flirty with everyone.
Put the radio on, please.
Fold the leaf in half.
He took ten deep breaths.
Donate what you're willing to donate.
This is the house they bought.
I often make mistakes. Mine are not errors, but horrors.
The Air Force has the control of the airspace.
The larger church organs use infrasound, which people do not hear, but feel as vibrations in their bodies.
After supper, I washed the dishes.
What's your diagnosis?
We took turns cleaning the room.
How would you say that in German?
How do you say that in German?
What's the Spanish for "your face"?
"Does anyone know what has caused this plague?" "The scholars of the University of Paris believe that the source of this evil is an especially unfavorable constellation of Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars."
Miraculously, during the fourteenth century, Prague was spared from the Black Death.
The dream rattled Tom. He took it as a divine warning.
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently.
The flood of was the biggest deluge in the history of central Europe.
In 1342, the cities on the Rhine, Main, and Danube were plunged into a flood of biblical proportions. Thousands of people lost their lives.
The chronicles of the flood of say that the water in the Mainz Cathedral came up to a man's chest, while in Cologne, one could ride in a boat over the city walls.
Every day, two little children waited for their return.
Where did you see him?
The evil empire is furious.
Sherlock Holmes would have certainly been proud of you.
You'll never make a Sherlock Holmes out of me.
I'll never be another Sherlock Holmes.
Could you please dry your hands? There's a towel over there.
From my point of view, it's not possible to make a decision safely.
She sat in a room that was flooded with light, permeated with a deep stillness.
We didn't know how to interpret the dismissive gesture that Tom made with his hands.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to see.
I'll give you some fatherly advice.
I always thought Tom and Mary made a good couple.
When she began to speak, her voice was less dry than it had been.
She would make me a fine wife.
She would be a good wife for me.
He has taken a shower.
Is Tom over there with you?
He bent down to tie his shoe.
She is perfect in every respect.
Why don't you take this medicine for a few days and let's see if it works?
There's a family room in the basement.
Tom is in the den.
This is Tom's man cave.
Tom is watching the football game with his friends.
Tom is watching the hockey game with his friends.
Tom is watching the baseball game with his friends.
Give me that one.
Many tourists come to see the waterfall.
These pine nuts are delicious.
These pine nuts are delicious, said the squirrel.
Where do pine nuts come from?
Pine nuts come from pine cones.
It's the moment of truth.
I've already told him this a thousand times.
We've had nice weather for a while now.
I'd like to float in a boat on the lake, just the two of us.
It doesn't matter at all to me.
We have to leave in five minutes.
Marisol and Johnny are eating some pizza.
Sometimes it depends on luck.
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi.
That's why I wasn't able to arrive yesterday.
He is as happy as a king.
He is happy, like a king.
I went to bed before father could come home.
That article was written in English.
I always forget to breathe.
Her doctor wants to send her to a specialist.
Whoever can listen to butterflies laughing can also know how clouds taste.
The radio is so noisy.
What do you call that game in which kids hammer the heads of elves?
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over and watch a movie.
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" is a very well-known English riddle, to which there are a multiplicity of answers.
Tom turned over a new leaf when he met Mary.
Cherish the human in yourself.
Yamada caused the accident.
Boys and girls read.
The girls read and write.
He almost looks like a girl.
Can I drive the tractor?
My mother's sister is my aunt.
I was instantly attracted to her.
Can I come backstage?
I have backstage passes.
I'm sure you'll come up with something.
I have backstage passes for Tom's concert!
Mary stared distantly out the window.
What's this lecture about?
They can't do anything.
The teacher has the text read aloud.
He doesn't look like his father at all.
She doesn't look like her father at all.
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.
Could someone please read this sentence aloud for me?
The dough is still a little thick.
I'll bet you a hundred dollars that Tom is gay.
Stop screaming! You're giving me a headache.
Today's loss is not merely a waste.
We partied together.
Can you name one of their songs?
She shook her head at him.
I was desperately in love with him.
She was desperately in love with him.
Mary was desperately in love with Tom.
What's the point of existence?
Tom plays in a band, and is very good looking.
Anyone can attend my lectures, but not everyone can understand them.
Everyone was drunk.
Everyone was drunk, except me.
He's semicute.
Tom bought a rose for Mary.
Those tulips are beautiful.
What's wrong, honey?
Children want to hear the same story over and over again.
At this time, you don't need to understand everything.
You don't need to understand everything right now.
The president handed the speech to the reporter.
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
He can't do anything but keep silent.
We met at the church.
It seems Tom's in love with me.
She went inside her room so she could rest.
He wrote his own name.
Excuse me, could you lower your voice a little?
Excuse me, can you lower your voice a little bit?
She's afraid of losing money.
The blanket is still wet.
She walks at a slow pace.
It seems like it'll rain.
I don't understand what you're doing.
I like lasagna.
I was at a friend's house.
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."
We ate vegetarian lasagna.
Tom ate vegan lasagna.
Tom was overconfident.
Tom thought he was better at French than he really was.
Tom thinks he's better at French than he really is.
Tom did not make friends as easily as Mary.
Tom's restaurant has a Michelin star.
Tom's restaurant is full all the time.
The old barn fell down.
The old barn collapsed.
The old barn burned down.
The barn door was open.
Tom spent the night at a friend's house.
Mary spent the night at a friend's house.
Mary put some flowers in the vase.
You need to put more water in the vase.
Mary put some flowers in the vase and then put the vase on the table.
He looked deeply into her eyes.
Tom looked deeply into Mary's eyes and smiled.
It was a very stupid decision.
The world is my oyster.
If you don't have good ingredients, you can't make good food.
Tom has a dairy farm.
Tom is milking the cows.
I'm very happy with my purchase.
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.
Do you have a steady boyfriend?
Berlin is uber cool.
Are we going to surrender to these monsters?
He's extremely romantic.
Tom is extremely romantic.
Suddenly, a ship appeared through the fog.
All you have to do is give him a little help.
Tom didn't pass the squirrel test.
What does Rossiyane mean?
The twelfth juror is missing.
The works of D'Annunzio are an answer to Marinetti.
He is morose today.
There was blood in the syringe.
He left me for that trollop that lives across the street.
Should I take the picture with or without flash?
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
Mary and Alice are a legally married same sex couple.
That's an unquestionable fact.
God's will is unquestionable.
The mother was cruel to her adopted son.
Neighbourly relations are necessary for success.
Shut up or you'll get thrown out.
My mother thinks that the doctor is a charlatan.
Tatoeba is like a garden: you must plant seedlings, tend to them and watch them grow.
This is a matter of taste.
Elephants drink water.
Horses run.
Money enables you to buy anything you desire.
My friend helping me enabled me to succeed.
I have only been there once.
There are many big cities in Brazil.
Mary used her smartphone as a mirror to touch-up her makeup.
I hope that you will enjoy this video.
I hope that you will enjoy this sentence.
I hope that you will enjoy this song.
Do you spend more than $per month buying makeup?
If I take a hot shower, the mirror in the bathroom fogs up.
I desperately need to touch up my makeup.
Where is her royal highness?
Tom is the lead singer.
I can't tell you how thrilled I am.
Is she a real blonde?
She put her head on my shoulder.
Tom makes millions of dollars a year.
A lot of people are lazy.
A lot of people are lazy. Actually, I'm lazy too.
It was a very passionate love affair.
Tom fell in love with Germany.
Mary fell in love with Japan.
Tom teaches English at a local school.
Tom and Mary save half of their income every year.
Tom and Mary save over half of their income each year.
Bottlenose dolphins are one of the most intelligent animals on Earth.
There is a lot at stake.
The chameleon can change its skin color.
This is where I spend most of the day.
There’s no better way to start the day.
Tom is in pretty good shape for his age.
Indonesia had many Japanese holdout soldiers.
The Russians are very surprised that Frau Merkel is going to meet in Moscow with the Kremlin's fosterlings who pose as political opposition.
The spruce is burning.
Your moon is burning.
Six of them are returning.
Your moon is returning.
The spruce returns.
The spruce is returning.
Six of them are burning.
Your moon returns.
It's not easy to discard a bad habit.
It's not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
Six of them return.
Shut up and take my money!
Tom was determined not to make the same mistakes with his children that his parents had made with him.
Tom loves to play and romp with his kids when he gets home from work.
Tom's family is close-knit and loving.
Tom's words came back to bite him.
We are indeed sorry for his mistake.
It's rude to ask someone how much they earn.
Moscow residents witnessed a large column of military equipment moving on Tverskaya Street.
I'll give you one more grace period, Tom. But tomorrow, the job must be ready.
Tom fell in love in Germany.
Unfortunately, my hope was an illusion.
I love you as fresh meat loves salt.
The government has been emboldened by the lack of response from the international community.
I always wanted to travel with Mary.
I always wanted to see that play.
I always wanted to hear that piece.
I always wanted to do that.
Will the Social Democrats succeed in mobilizing enough voters on Election Day?
The lecture was as boring as watching grass grow.
The lecture was as boring as watching paint dry.
Now that I've lost my virginity, I feel much more confident.
Now that I've had sex with a girl, I no longer think about him as often.
After what happened that night, she stopped talking to me.
I feel as though I've committed rape, although I know that that makes no sense.
She could have resisted more aggressively if she'd wanted to.
I hope that she doesn't blame me for harassing her, particularly since that wasn't my intention.
I wish she would say something to me, so that I can know whether we're still friends.
I want you to dance.
I like pretty things.
I'm a visual person.
I'm really visual.
I have made a most marvellous discovery.
I can't wait to find out what Tom has made for me as a present.
I feel like this is not going to end well.
I feel like this is going to end badly.
It's a complete disaster.
It's a complete disaster!
It was a complete disaster.
I wish Tom was here.
I wish Tom was here with me today.
I wish Tom was here with us today.
Poinsettias are poisonous to cats and dogs.
"Speak to me in French too - not just in German!" "No, because once I start, it'll become a habit and then how am I supposed to improve my German?"
He's quite an unpleasant fellow!
She departed very soon.
I am a guide.
I substituted flour for oatmeal.
Lesotho is entirely surrounded by South Africa.
The young girl wants to be famous like Nicki Minaj.
That chalk isn't yellow.
Not all elves are mean.
We want to become famous.
Is German a Romance language?
The man threw his flute into the lake.
The grand piano has no pedal at all.
I guided.
I guide.
This fabric is very soft.
I will guide.
Failure is possible.
He fed the chickens millet.
Beer contains hops.
Why isn't anyone helping Tom?
The dog barked as if it understood what I'd said.
Whose bear is it?
"Liszt", the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt's family name, means "flour" in Hungarian.
Did you like Moscow?
I know of a city whose inhabitants never smoked.
He learned that she feigned her pregnancy.
Look, I got a flower tattoo here on my belly.
She bought a newspaper.
He thinks old newspapers are still useful.
I helped an old hunchback cross the street.
His long and untidy hair was similar to a lion's mane.
Jenny dances the samba.
There are algae in the sea.
It smells of salt and algae.
The sun is just a star amongst zillions of others.
You are wandering.
Now we understand.
I'm no industrial tycoon.
He's a very talented artist.
Let us two sit down.
Try to sit with your back really straight.
What shall I write here?
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life.
Some Arabs are Christians.
It's not good to think hard when you're sick.
The phone rang again.
How was the food?
I live in New Delhi.
I want to live in India.
He is thought to be guilty.
They consider him a highly qualified employee.
He is considered to be a highly qualified employee.
We know something about it.
Tom was playing the guitar and cooking at the same time.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful German girl.
What are you drinking, white or red?
You don't like me anymore!
I hope you're not talking about me.
"Why can't you be more like me?" "I don't want to be like you!"
Make a wish first.
Is she better than me?
I like water.
We got into a huge snowstorm.
Tom has developed his own method for rapid learning of a foreign language. He reads books, focusing on understanding the meaning and not paying attention to the sentences' grammatical structure.
Could you please acknowledge receipt of this note?
Do you think Obama can speak Spanish?
She likes the light green bra.
A rat is a small animal with long, pointed teeth and a long tail.
What is the technical name of that paper with a rough texture?
I've decided to contribute Spanish sentences purely all this month.
This is just to confirm receipt of your letter.
The boss outlined a three-pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around.
The Cosmic Dust Laboratory at NASA's Johnson Space Center contains the largest collection of comet debris on Earth.
Over tons of dust and sand-sized particles bombard the earth every day from space, most of which goes unnoticed.
I am being guided.
I am guided.
I can hardly believe how much nonsense is uttered not only by ordinary forum users but also by the so-called experts.
The sausages sizzled in the frying pan and smelt delicious.
A shot rang out and the bird fell from the sky.
I need peace and quiet after a busy day at work.
What do you prefer, abstract or figurative painting?
The teacher can see you.
I see the sun and the moon.
The man takes the horses to the water.
My phone is about to die.
You could hear the desperation in Mary's voice.
Mary desperately tried to save her on-off relationship with Tom.
On-again, off-again relationships can be emotionally draining.
Mary was desperate to find love after leaving a 20-year loveless marriage.
He is guiding.
He is being guided.
He is guided.
You are a guide.
You are leading the way.
I am not a guide.
I am not being guided.
I am not guided.
My antipathy toward telemarketers is so strong that I am often rude to them.
The teacher lost his job because he cruelly berated students who made mistakes.
Most scientists are contemptuous of reports that aliens from outer space have landed on the Earth.
Stop dramatizing.
Don't dramatize. Everything's fine.
I'm not sure whether my sentence is good.
I'm a single child.
Single children are often spoiled.
He's a single father.
Do you think it's easier to be a single mother or a single father?
I decided not to buy the perfume anymore.
Mary was so blithe about her mother’s death that she threw a party after her funeral.
Do you like caramel-flavored ice cream?
Don't let evil into your heart. It will make a home there.
I love the rhythm of funeral marches.
He composed a funeral march for his own funeral.
I have a heart problem.
The bride remains silent out of respect for her new parents-in-laws.
Poirot's name often gets mispronounced.
Ms. Marple's name often gets confused with some other similar name.
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
He put sour cream in the spaghetti.
He ate bread with sour cream and cheese.
He likes salads that contain sour cream.
He's celebrating his name day.
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.
The protesters burnt down the synagogue.
I forgot to turn on the boiler before taking a shower.
Who's driving?
He is a lieutenant.
The parachutist fell into the ocean and drowned.
You absolutely don't need to know why I did it.
He absolutely doesn't need to know why I did it.
She absolutely doesn't need to know why I did it.
He entered the boutique.
Esperanto is an agglutinative language.
I don't have a case for my glasses.
Don't frot against people in the bus.
He frotted against the mattress.
I had the honor to sit in the first row.
She buys everything she wants without paying attention to the price.
Pay attention to this problem.
Java and Javascript are like India and Indonesia, they aren't the same thing.
There was something lying on the ground.
Nobody here eats meat.
I need new glasses.
He waited ten minutes.
Even though she was trying to hide it, I could hear desperation in Mary's voice.
A man was shot in a case of mistaken identity.
I just hope no one saw me.
I just hope no one saw me!
I put my arms around his neck.
I can't believe that we've actually done this.
Do I look fat in this?
Mary was wearing a sleeveless summer dress.
He's so cute and funny.
Mary unscrewed her lipstick.
Mary felt her face grow hot.
They also built a sand castle.
We had so much fun cooking.
That dress is perfect for you.
I can't believe that you kissed Tom.
I can't believe that you kissed Mary.
Why do you want to make your boyfriend jealous?
Do you really want to make your boyfriend jealous?
Your boyfriend is going to be so mad at you.
Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you.
Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out.
Tom is going to be mad at Mary when he finds out what she did.
Tom is going to be mad at Mary when he finds out that she forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Tom is going to be upset when he finds out that Mary forgot to pay the rent.
I don't want to go back home. I want to party.
"Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out." "She'll never find out."
He applied a tourniquet before slitting his wrists.
He stood me up.
She stood me up.
Don't find me.
What's your favourite animal?
He just makes jokes all the time.
We discuss many things.
She wishes to purchase a book.
This one is a book about stars.
Someone open the door.
Her eyes are beautiful.
Your face makes me punch you.
You need to tell me what happened, where, and when.
We are all eager to watch the movie.
I drink coffee in a cafe.
I don't understand this song.
I have drunk the wine.
Everyone has a wish of some kind.
No one cared about you.
You wan't me to make some coffee, right? I know how to do at least that.
I promise you that it won't last long.
The motorcycles are very cheap.
The engines are very cheap.
Tom is docile.
It appears I've dozed off.
My life was shattered.
Would that be nice?
Esperanto, official language of the EU, now!
She is a young university student.
I have a home in the mountains.
He likes the music.
Where is the nearest pharmacy?
We do not live in Boston.
She will go to the cinema tomorrow.
I didn't get enough sleep.
Did you sleep well today?
I believe that people should be hardworking.
It is a fact that you are not very industrious.
Tom wishes to speak with me.
I have always loved you so much.
He is not a liar.
I just vomited.
I'm glad that I was able to assist you last week.
She is rich, young, and beautiful.
Do you want us to go to school?
I am eating the apple.
I do not fancy his appearance.
Tom is not young.
I prefer that it remains that way.
One bad apple spoils the bunch.
Did you know that rotten eggs float?
Luck is our mother, mishap — our educator.
An idiot like Dan has no place on this team.
He attains happiness by means of yoga.
Yesterday morning, I harvested my potatoes. Because of the rain, they were partly rotten.
They don't think about the poor children who are dying of hunger.
Don't they think about the poor children who are dying of hunger?
Most people are incapable of verbalising their thoughts clearly.
I am fed up with imperfect people, so I've decided to isolate myself for a while.
People often complain of how others treat them unjustly, failing to perceive that their own behaviour is quite objectionable.
It is very unpleasant to watch how my aunt's dementia keeps getting worse every month.
Nowadays, it seems that teenagers remain immature much longer, which is tragic.
I can't help but marvel at the extent of human stupidity.
Read the fucking manual!
I am not a lawyer.
Are you a girl or a boy?
All submissions will be reviewed by a moderator.
Acronyms should be memorable and easy to pronounce.
Are you fucking serious?
Die slowly!
Who are you to speak with me like that?
I am only able to speak English.
I did it like this.
I don't know how you were able to do this to us.
Mary is quite an interesting woman.
Why did you come home late?
Shall we work together tomorrow?
Today I went to the shopping centre with my mother.
He was very ill last week.
You were not able to check their movements.
I found a solution!
I wish that you had also been able to see.
You drove.
Why did you not tell me about Mary?
I say something in Lojban.
My taking the book is justified by my seeing it.
I like you, but not because you like me.
I am going to the market.
I have gone to the market.
I will go to the market.
I continually go to the market.
Tom is eating cake.
Tom ate cake.
Tom has eaten cake.
Tom will eat cake.
Tom continually eats cake.
Tom will have eaten cake.
Now Tom is eating cake.
Bacon Donuts don't sound very tasty.
Is Tom, or is Mary going to the market?
I met Tom at the school.
We don't lock doors.
Let's take the elevator.
Combine all the ingredients in the mixing bowl.
Ignorance always creates fear.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
How much is the handling charge?
Tom, do you like long hair or short hair on girls?
We will probably all be dead within years.
Tom, which do you prefer, girls with long hair or girls with short hair?
The necklace tore and the beads rolled on the floor.
Nothing makes you lose your dignity more than falling in love.
This necklace is made of jade.
She believes that jade has medicinal properties.
When I was a child, I played with Play-Doh.
That's a beaver made out of Play-Doh.
Play-Doh apparently has a salty taste.
Am I a boy or a girl? Who cares?
This statement is false: I go to the market because the car is broken.
My not going to the market is because the car is broken.
That is not beautiful.
That is less than beautiful.
That is something other than beautiful.
That is ordinary-looking.
That is moderately beautiful.
That is ugly.
I didn't go to the market.
I went dancing on the ice exactly once.
Tom doesn't go to the market.
Tom didn't go to the market.
Tom won't go to the market.
Tom hadn't gone to the market.
Tom isn't going to the market.
Now Tom isn't going to the market.
The islet resembled a tortoise from afar.
Tom isn't happy about not going to the dance.
I like the one who is not beautiful.
This is a tree.
The chair is of a non-red color.
From a distance, the small island looked like a turtle.
That is indeed beautiful.
Go to the market!
You go to the market.
We go to the market.
I go to the market.
I take the book because I see it.
This is quite beautiful.
We came only today.
I have already seen this man.
You are annoying.
If it were up to me, we could still do this tomorrow
Some roosters believe the sun rises for them.
Do you plant pumpkins?
I saw them yesterday.
Do you know a delicious Korean restaurant?
What does quixotic mean exactly?
No one expected them to win.
No one expected him to win.
No one expected her to win.
You don't need to panic.
It's normal to feel nervous when you don't know what to expect.
No one expected Tom to win.
Life is full of confusing things.
Why is she so obsessed with getting Tom to pay attention to her?
Children don't need their own rooms.
You never know when it's going to happen.
Is there something that you don't want to talk about?
Do you know how to tie your shoes?
Mary helped her mother water the garden.
Mary helped her mother water the garden with her tiny watering can.
I just don't want you to do something you'll be sorry for.
You must see your dentist.
If you don't want to talk, you don't have to.
You don't have to talk to me if you don't want to.
I still want to be with you.
What else did you do together?
I can't believe you did this behind my back.
I know you can do better.
Tom has good communications skills.
I like triangles.
There are many examples of the Fibonacci sequence in nature.
You seem to have an infection.
You appear to have an infection.
She looked furious.
He looked furious.
What...for real?
I expect nothing less than perfection.
If I hadn't already eaten, I would love to have had lunch with you.
If I hadn't had such a large breakfast, I would have loved to have lunch with you.
I've only had one boyfriend.
I've only had one girlfriend.
Tom was really shy and nervous.
We held hands, once.
He always puts his arm around me.
You've got to work together.
If something goes wrong, call Tom.
It's okay if you want to.
You remind me of myself at a young age.
School is over... for now.
Once the festivity finishes, we'll go back to work.
There is no time for merriment.
Great jubilation is often followed by bitter disappointment.
After all the merrymaking, the apartment was in great disarray.
He put the clothes in the washtub.
He put the clothes in the trough.
There's no better pillow than his chest.
I tried to explain it to him, but he doesn't understand.
Defrost the meat before cooking it.
The blueberries are defrosting on the table.
Do you know any restaurants with good Korean food?
Can you recommend a restaurant that has good Korean food?
Can you recommend a good Korean restaurant?
Can you recommend a good place to eat Korean food?
You are a waiter.
The bridge collapsed when one of the cables snapped.
Be thankful.
Don't teach me how to live!
Mary's boss is a bit too tactile for her liking.
Sergio Garcia, a Spanish golfer, broke his putter over his knee on Friday after taking putts in the second round of the Players' Championship.
Tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers.
I am completely exhausted.
I saw a cocoon on the tree.
Caterpillars transform into butterflies while they're in a cocoon.
The more you suffer in life, the more compassionate you become.
My husband's been my rock during these last few months.
I'm no longer groggy.
This is a wig.
People are so low down these days!
People have become so rotten!
We go to the Buddhist shrine. It is beautiful.
The dishes got sent to the wrong table.
The soup is a bit too salty.
I have homework to do.
I've been seeing someone.
Do you mind if I tag along?
It might sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not.
Tears filled Mary's eyes.
We're out of luck again.
The cooked rice is tainted, the fried rice is consumed.
His eyes are like sapphires.
The Treasurer's budget speech was punctuated by regular shouts of "Hear, hear!" from members on his side of the House.
You look very much like each other.
I'm trying to stop myself but I'm not successful.
I have a fish tank.
Tom brought Mary's mother away.
I'm not the person that you think.
Come on let's catch that guy.
There are dozens of trees in the garden.
Ken is smaller than Tom.
I'll show you a good time.
Werewolves are better than vampires.
We will stop that.
Tom was trying to be helpful to you.
Are you telling me Tom has something to do with that?
Istanbul is the most populous city in Turkey.
Mary is a sexy woman.
The gum has lost its taste.
Hello, my name is Pekka. What is your name?
Tom's school books are very expensive.
Please visit me.
This girl looks boyish.
I will live.
This is only my idea.
They are not following.
You will follow the rules.
I will be busy until four o'clock.
I don't have a Turkish keyboard.
My Turkish is bad.
You know her name, don't you?
Your eyes are very beautiful.
I am a boss.
It was a long night.
It was very nice to hear that.
Thanks to you, Tom.
Tom said he used to know Mary.
Keep your hands still.
I don't understand this question at all.
All the money ran out.
This movie was very interesting.
I enjoyed that movie a lot.
I think that was one of the best movies I've ever seen.
How often do you buy new clothes?
Do you like to travel by yourself?
Ramen is very popular in Japan.
Don't dawdle on the way home.
Tom will marry Mary off.
The decision has not yet been made.
Maybe you should also ask.
I'm not used to this kind of work.
Take a look around you!
So why are you doing this?
How about you buy me a drink?
They are easy to distinguish from each other.
Angels have two wings; the Devil has a tail.
Happiness is always unexpected.
Barcelona is the heaven of Catalan cuisine.
Your sweater is on backwards.
I use a flashlight to inspect my throat.
I have aphthous ulcers on the back of my throat.
He had his tonsils removed because they would get inflamed too often.
I think that blood vessels are bursting in my lungs when I cough.
I can't cough up the phlegm because it's too deep in my bronchi.
I need some more people.
Fibonacci numbers show up occasionally in nature.
My bacon is ready.
She will arrive around noon.
The decision hasn't yet been made.
Bill searched the entire house.
If we leave now, we should make it.
Life seems to have been a constant struggle for her ever since she left home.
When the electricity went off everyone was rushing about in a state of confusion.
Losing the job she loved so much was a severe blow for Mary.
Tom told a number of off-colour jokes at his farewell dinner, and some of his colleagues were offended.
Our plane was cancelled because of adverse weather conditions.
As the night wore on and Tom drank more and more, his jokes got progressively smuttier.
I am going to work.
Can you play an instrument?
Be back before it gets dark.
Footsteps outside the house. It sounded like someone jumping from the wall.
How old was she in the first photo?
How old was he in the first photo?
Thomas jumped up, as if his friend were a ghost.
Then you suddenly heard a loud bang, like a revolver being fired.
I want to get involved with business strategy.
My German is still not good.
Everyone sympathised with her.
The national Brukenthal Museum is the first museum that opened officially in Romania.
"Hello, Harry!" "Argh!" "I'm leaving your stinky body!" "W-why?" "Because every day you're fapping to ponies — and never wash your hands."
He always sees beauty in the little things.
She always sees beauty in the little things.
They say someone invented something like Haskell for quantum computers. Okay then, give me a quantum computer and I will learn it.
How can I update this software?
People from the so-called first world look at us Latinos as if we hadn't invented the wheel yet.
Tom told me he couldn't remember the teacher's name.
I don't yet know what I'm going to do.
I don't yet know what we're supposed to do.
I don't yet know what Tom wants us to do.
I didn't expect so many people to be here.
You have an infectious disease.
Mary received many beautiful birthday cards.
Mary spent all her free time last week answering birthday greetings.
Tom cooked a special meal as a surprise for her birthday.
Are things OK with you?
How did you make this soup?
Tom put all his belongings in a small suitcase.
Tom packed everything in a small suitcase.
She's tired.
It's now windy.
It's sunny just now.
I hope the weather is going to be dry.
We can open the window.
My grandfather tells hundreds of anecdotes.
There's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains.
The little girl woke at dawn.
Do you believe in the Easter Bunny?
Adrenaline junkies love taking extreme risks.
Tom tried to drink his problems away.
Tom and Mary decided to go to marriage counselling.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
How is life treating you?
Alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach.
I'm full of confidence today.
Cookie is drinking.
Lions dwell in Africa.
There are a lot of rats.
I am an ordinary person.
Lots of Greek-Americans own restaurants.
Two plus two equals four.
1.is a real number.
π equals approximately 3.14159.
It is technically possible.
Tom stormed out of the meeting.
Tom is a child prodigy.
Mary was a child prodigy.
Tom was only half joking.
Mary sat under the tree, reading an old book from the nineteenth century.
The old book was moldy.
The bomb will explode in seconds.
Tom caught malaria while he was travelling in Africa.
If you're going to start a new business, you need a business plan.
He tried not to look at her.
She tried not to look at him.
Tom tried not to look at Mary.
Business has really slowed down.
Mary made a kale and quinoa salad.
This grocery store only sells organic food.
Just turn around for a second.
Could you just turn around for a second?
Tom asked me to come over and help him.
Mary asked me to come over and help her.
Tom was wearing a black T-shirt and designer jeans.
I laugh when people mess up.
At school, Tom ignored me and pretended that he didn't know me.
At school, Mary ignored me and pretended that she didn't know me.
I'm going to ride him until he dehydrates through ejaculating.
We have three security guards who take shifts.
I keep my money in a hole behind a painting in my bedroom.
The worst kind of hangover is emotional hangover.
I spent an hour wandering before I realised which way I needed to go.
The stork was flying above the city.
Do storks really stand on one leg?
They have an infectious disease.
Have you seen this yet?
Have you read this yet?
This is funny.
The weekend is here.
Look where I am today.
She was mocking the superficiality of fashion slaves.
We will visit you occasionally.
We will visit you sometime.
They will announce the winner tomorrow.
Over there, they don't say that it's prohibited. In fact, they say that it's mandatory.
They don't say that it's prohibited there. In fact, they say that it's mandatory.
You should have rejected him right from the start instead of leading him on.
Urine diluted in water 1:is an excellent fertilizer.
Why do you ask me of all people?
Is this your first foreign trip?
The hotel was first class.
There were many fingerprints on the purse.
That would be extremely delicate.
There were too many footprints on the ground.
I have only just arrived.
The first snow fell today.
He is an inspector.
The worst comes afterwards.
The police came and investigated the crime scene.
The detective used a magnifier to find some clues.
She is wearing a gold necklace around her neck.
The burglars are in prison.
She put the ring on her finger.
The thief stole the jewels last night.
He stole a very valuable diamond ring.
They couldn't escape.
The only evidence was the fingerprints on the window.
This just had to happen today of all days!
What were his first words?
Only afterwards did it hurt.
The first lesson is easy.
He is in his first year at college.
I just got here yesterday.
She is extremely patient.
Today is her first day of school.
It is his first day of school.
The students didn't know how to give an answer.
That is the first step.
Everything is extremely simple.
Is this your first investigation?
Is this your first examination?
The first stage is complete.
Tomorrow is my first day of work.
Mother is the first to wake up in the morning.
Elana won first prize.
Now we come to the first agenda item.
Nothing happens unless preceded by a dream.
Did you just meet her?
Did you just meet them?
Did you just meet him?
I have to get used to it first.
I wake up in the morning wondering what's for dinner. I call out to my boy, I say "Link, get in here! I'm hungry and I want to get something to eat — and hurry, 'cause I'm about to run out of weed."
My aunt asked me to buy her a music box from Italy.
I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe in lust at first sight.
We're starting our descent into the chasm.
He and his father are like two peas in a pod.
God beware me!
Don't waste your breathe.
What a terrifying city. There's no bridge out there, all the old buildings are crushed. These men or... human beings, I don't know... They destroyed all the great buildings. So ugly.
If your wife cheated on you, thank God she only cheated on you and did not betray the country.
What did I say, man?
Is your friend a stinker?
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.
Medication and alcohol often don't mix.
It's advisable to check whether there'll be any adverse affects if you drink alcohol while taking the medication you've been prescribed.
Blue suits you well.
Dogs are smart.
For me, it is important.
I'll tell Tom if I don't forget.
I'm not the trendy type.
Tom got Mary to scratch the part of his back he couldn't reach.
Experience is acquired with time.
You kind of look like Tom.
He repairs the electrical devices.
If we leave now, we could be back in Boston by 2:30.
He and I are like-minded.
We are compatriots.
Pugs are not cute.
I'm a runner.
We live on the sixth floor.
You have to do that somewhere else.
You need to do that somewhere else.
Do you know what kind of thing that is?
You met my sister, didn't you?
I can't believe all this.
His hair almost covered his whole face.
"Do you know what's going on?" - "No. What's it all about then?"
He doesn't have the courage.
I have a sharp pain in the stomach.
I didn't hand out anything.
I didn't spend anything.
Write the answer on this piece of paper, please.
Tom knew Maria didn't love him.
I hope it will be good.
He didn't even look at my face.
I will be busy tomorrow.
I am learning Gaelic.
When did you last see my brother?
Tom knew Mary didn't love him.
If the demolition of buildings gets out of control, the city is faced with the risk of turning into a pile of concrete.
Tom took three deep breaths.
This is the last message I ever plan to send to you.
I'm not going to go to school today.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I can't believe that Tom kissed me.
Have you read any of Tom's stories?
Stay away from my woman.
Stay away from my girlfriend.
This book hasn't yet been translated into French.
My French still isn't very good.
I heard you just got married.
I will go to the beach.
She becomes drowsy after dinner.
"Daddy, why is the sky blue?" "Well, it just is."
Atatürk was born in 1881, Thessaloniki
The home where Atatürk was born is in Thessaloniki.
In Turkey, every school has to have an Atatürk effigy.
I can't speak Turkish.
I cannot speak Turkish.
Did you do this for me?
Did Tom change his opinion?
Let's go bowling together sometime soon.
Who's gonna read such a thick book?
Anybody wanna go to Disneyland with me?
Anybody wanna grab something to eat with me?
Huh? Where'd I put the keys?
Do you know what this sentence means?
What do you think this sentence means?
That river seems shallow, doesn't it?
Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.
Tom, are you a dog person or a cat person?
"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."
I wanna be cuter.
Aren't you hot? Why don't you take off your sweater?
Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.
What did I forget to say?
Tom signed his name with the new pen that he got from Mary.
Tom, are you and John brothers?
John, are you and Tom brothers?
The current sentence is false.
If you don't act like a good boy, you won't get a birthday present.
"I'm going shopping. Do you want to come?" "Sure!"
I'm often told I don't look good in a skirt.
I totally forgot that today is even a holiday.
If you have a complaint, why don't you tell Tom directly?
Don't you ever go near my girl again.
Take your time, but hurry up.
Won't you go with me to the river?
" Wait, isn't this the place we were at a moment ago? " " That's right. We came back. That's strange."
We should have bought another bottle of wine.
It would've been nice if I had worn another layer.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
The girls were asleep.
Animals cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood.
That's a depressing story.
First, there's something I'd like to show you.
Hamlet probably didn't want to get married. There was only one Hamlet, however there are many people like him.
He's making the kind of face you want to punch.
You should go to the hospital.
This steak seems rare. I wonder if it was cooked long enough.
Where should we meet tomorrow?
Wait, what are you trying to do?
Today is a big day, son!
It is better to live one day as a lion than years as a sheep.
Shoot for the legs!
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.
Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.
Tom wondered why Mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook.
Tom shouldn't have written his password on the inside cover of his notebook.
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.
After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.
If you want to become a good writer, you need to practice writing.
Since the note was written in French, it was easy for me to read.
Tom showed me the poems that he'd written when he was a teenager.
I'm hoping that I can write two or three songs over the weekend.
I can read Chinese fairly well, but I can't write it very well.
Tom handed me a piece of paper with his address written on it.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
Tom didn't even write one letter to Mary while he was away.
I've already written everything that needs to be written.
It's been a long time since I've written anyone a letter.
Since the note was written in French, I couldn't read it.
Tom finished writing the report in less than three hours.
Tom is in his room, writing a letter to his grandmother.
Tom Jackson wrote his first book before he was thirteen.
Tom almost never makes mistakes when writing in French.
Tom has written hundreds of articles and several books.
All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will write back.
If I had known your email address, I would've written.
The only word written on the page was the word "frog."
How old were you when you learned to write your name?
This report is badly written and is full of mistakes.
Tom writes home to his parents at least once a month.
Tom wrote a lot of letters to Mary while he was away.
I got an email yesterday that was written in French.
I didn't know that Tom could write Chinese so well.
I've been learning how to write kanji with a brush.
Tom encouraged Mary to write about her experiences.
Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.
I wrote a song about what happened here last year.
Tom didn't want to write about what had happened.
Tom has written quite a few love letters to Mary.
Tom wrote his name on the cover of his new diary.
Tom wrote me more than thirty messages yesterday.
I have to write a ten-page paper by next Monday.
Tell me what to write and I'll write it for you.
Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.
Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?
Tom hoped that he would become a famous writer.
Can you read what's written on the blackboard?
I forgot to write the address on the envelope.
Tom and I have written several books together.
People used to write books using typewriters.
Shakespeare wrote a lot of interesting plays.
Tom writes a letter to his mother every week.
Vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon.
Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.
Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?
I could write Tom a note if you want me to.
I like to play music written by my friends.
I've already written my part of the report.
Tom wrote to me, telling me about his trip.
I was going to write to you, but I forgot.
Tom hasn't written to Mary in a long time.
Have you ever written a computer program?
I can't think of anything to write about.
I like writing songs about relationships.
Let me write down the directions for you.
Tom isn't yet able to write his own name.
What did you just write in your notebook?
Does Tom usually write to you in French?
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?
I don't usually write this kind of song.
Tom hasn't written to me in a long time.
You should write Tom a thank-you letter.
I'm writing a message to Tom right now.
Tom has written a very thorough report.
What was the first song you ever wrote?
Writing love letters isn't easy for me.
Have you ever written a letter to Tom?
I forgot to write my name on the exam.
I haven't written anything for months.
Tom can't even write his own name yet.
Have you written in your diary today?
I don't have anything to write about.
This report is very sloppily written.
Tom was the one who wrote this story.
Tom wrote on the ground with a stick.
You should try to write more legibly.
I wish I could write as well as Tom.
Let me write down the steps for you.
This pen is very easy to write with.
Do you think I should write to Tom?
Don't forget to write the zip code.
I like writing with a fountain pen.
Is it true Tom can't read or write?
Please write down everything I say.
Tom taught Mary how to write songs.
Tom wrote down Mary's phone number.
I had no idea what I should write.
I agree with what you've written.
I think I'm a pretty good writer.
Tom wrote this report by himself.
What do you think I should write?
When did you start writing songs?
Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.
Can Tom read and write Japanese?
How many songs have you written?
I don't like the way Tom writes.
I wasn't the one who wrote this.
I wrote some poems last weekend.
I'm going to write Tom a letter.
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.
Are you the one who wrote this?
Don't forget to write the date.
I wrote this song just for you.
Tom helped me write this essay.
Have you written your report?
I never learned how to write.
Please write down what I say.
Tom had to rewrite his essay.
I'll teach you how to write.
Please write your name here.
Tom writes better than I do.
You should write Tom a note.
I like what you've written.
I write every chance I get.
Tom can't write very well.
I have a thesis to write.
I never learned to write.
I write almost every day.
What should I write here?
You should write a novel.
Tom isn't a good writer.
Who taught you to write?
Tom is good at writing.
I can write very fast.
I'm a terrible writer.
I don't like writing.
Tom writes very well.
Do you like writing?
Tom can write well.
Tom likes writing.
Tom's been around the world and back several times.
Tom's been on an around the world trip since I last saw him.
I know it doesn't look like it, but I've actually gotten rid of a lot of stuff out of the spare room.
We should've bought another bottle of wine.
I wish we'd bought another bottle of wine.
We should've bought three bottles of wine.
There can be only one queen in the hive.
Allah knows.
You are not trustworthy.
Stop joking.
I am not afraid of you at all.
Who is knocking on the door?
Who is knocking?
Get your ass over here!
Get your butt over here!
Tom reads the Bible all day.
All the participants gathered in the main hall.
I like this book the least.
Her PhD thesis has to be written in English.
If you don't act like a good girl, you won't get a birthday present.
It's correct.
The rumor's all over town.
If you don't put on hand cream, your hands will get dry.
My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.
Tom hasn't had anything but water since last night.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
"Granite" is often mispronounced by natives.
Do you want a reconditioned or a remanufactured tote ?
I wish you could stay the night.
I wrote this song just for you guys.
Kerry: "Crimea in exchange for Siberia!"
Russia will be controlled by motorcyclists!
You will soon know the truth.
As soon as we decide, we'll let you know.
She wore a red scarf around her neck.
When it comes to marital spats, there's usually two sides to the story.
If walls could talk, what stories would they tell us?
The bar was so crowded you could hardly move.
Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.
I'll have to take that question on notice.
Tom said he didn't see anything.
Tom said he didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Walkers are commonly called witch's tanks.
I'm going to use rice for my collage.
Your mother put your collage in the top drawer.
I'll sit down at the table over there.
The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.
I'm having an adrenaline rush.
Whenever we talk, he gets my adrenaline going.
Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.
I've never worn a sleeping gown in my life.
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.
It's not the real thing.
Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.
It is very dark.
I'm well.
The students didn't know how they should answer.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?
The conversation turned to politics.
Someone among them wants to hug you.
He already intends to go to the sea.
My spouse and I were visiting the farmer.
He lost hope and killed himself with poison.
Tom was nervous starting his new job.
You should have told me.
Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.
Mary took some time off to travel.
Mary is moderately attractive.
Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled toward the window.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled to the window.
She gets up at seven in the morning.
Men talk about women all the time.
I just want to be a good person.
Do any of your friends play guitar?
Do you play any instruments?
How many instruments do you know how to play?
What was the first instrument you learned to play?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
I'm sure I've seen her before somewhere.
I'm sure I've seen him before somewhere.
What are you playing at?
I know what you're probably thinking.
Do you skip breakfast in the mornings?
I try to air my futon at least twice a week.
It's probably better not to eat after 7:00pm.
How often do you stay up past 1:00am?
I'm on a budget, so I don't eat out more than three times a week.
I'm going to have to ask you to put your phone away.
Can I find you on Facebook?
Could you hand me the remote?
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.
What does that mean in Arabic?
What does this mean in Arabic?
Could you ask her to call me?
What Tom said was inappropriate.
I don't know much about Australia.
I hardly know anything about Australia.
Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.
There's a strike.
Could you ask Tom to call me?
I'm sure I've seen that guy somewhere before.
I think I've seen that guy somewhere before.
I think we've met before.
I've never actually ever met Tom.
There you have it.
Do you have any news for me?
Tom had no choice but to grin and bear it.
Tom gave his all, but it wasn't enough.
Tom bought drinks for everybody.
My wife is from Kedah.
I'm currently at home.
I'm in love, and I am unhappy about it.
The cup is not always half full.
I would like to try it. Where is the fitting room?
Could you pass me the remote?
Do you have Facebook?
Who has time for this?
Where on earth were you, all this time?
I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.
It is the toilet.
That was a big mistake, wasn't it?
I am sorry I cannot help you now. I am busy.
If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.
Someone stole something from my bag.
It's fascinating how many sentences you can create with five words.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji from here.
Anywhere I go, I am there.
The sea has risen, the sea of peoples.
Tom didn't like the look of his nose, so he had a nose job.
Tom got involved with people he should never have gotten involved with.
Tom got involved with people who had a really bad influence on him.
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your hair-brained scheme.
Tom finally agreed to let Mary in on the secret.
The problem's being looked into as I speak.
Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.
Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.
Mary wore bunny slippers.
They talk all the time.
Tom wants to teach his children the value of work.
My father tried to teach us the value of work.
Tom refused to go to bed.
That's my problem, not yours.
I get more than two hundred emails a day.
You need to let go.
Tom often came here as a student.
Tom was quiet for a moment.
Mary was quiet for a moment.
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.
She started running her fingers through her hair.
Do you like costumes?
"Do you like costumes?" "I love costumes!"
"Do you like costumes?" "I hate costumes!"
There was only one small problem.
She ran her fingers through her hair.
Tom ran his fingers through his hair.
What is it that you liked about her?
What is it that you liked about him?
"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."
Tom woke up to watch the sunrise.
Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.
Mary sat on the grass, playing ukulele.
It looks like you've lost ten pounds.
That's why I liked Tom.
It was a warm summer evening.
It was a warm summer night.
It's very hard for me to trust anyone.
And then something amazing happened.
Tom was about to say something.
He hesitated for a second.
She hesitated for a second.
Tom hesitated for a second.
Mary took a picture of her cat and sent it to Tom.
Tom took a picture of his dog and sent it to Mary.
I'm serious! OK, I'm kidding.
Care to join me, handsome?
Mary took a picture of her cat with her cellphone.
Tom sat on the grass under a coconut tree.
They sat on the grass, playing ukulele and singing.
The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.
They played guitar and accordion.
They sang Hawaiian songs.
You must teach me, one of these days.
Mary is Catholic, but her boyfriend is an atheist.
I don't wear suggestive clothing.
She wore suggestive clothing.
"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "If not Q, then not P".
I worked from six PM until midnight.
She was a very demanding girlfriend.
Mary is a very demanding girlfriend.
She's very individualistic.
Tom is very idiosyncratic.
Mary is a very individualistic girl.
Are Americans really so individualistic?
Tom picked up his ukulele and started to sing.
Buy a liter of milk, and if there are eggs, buy a dozen eggs.
I hate Sunday! It's a horrible day!
Her boyfriend was not supportive.
His girlfriend was not supportive.
Tom was very supportive.
Mary was very supportive.
Tom wore black jeans.
Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.
Are you texting Mary?
Now is not a very good time.
I'm so grateful for you.
I'm just so grateful for you.
I wish I was pretty.
Will you give me some time?
"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "(Not P) and/or Q".
Some girls are naturally pretty.
Everyone wants what they can't have.
Tom wore jeans and a cowboy hat.
I couldn't stop crying.
You were supposed to be my friend!
I feel lost without you.
I was not really your friend. I was just pretending.
I'm not really your friend. I was just pretending.
Now isn't a very good time.
Tom wasn't supportive.
You're not being very supportive.
I'm sorry for not being more supportive.
I'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be.
How's married life?
Rainy season begins in June.
It's very bright.
It's really bright.
You guys can do it if you try.
You look very pale. Are you OK?
You look really pale. Are you all right?
The temperature is below zero today, too.
Today, too, the temperature is below zero.
Pay attention on the road.
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.
Boy, that sentence sure caused a kerfuffle.
Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.
We have direct access to the information.
I will try to find them.
I am glad to be here.
It would be nice if there were more money.
I have seen a dog.
Do you want to live in Mumbai?
I'm not pretty.
Last night I was at home.
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your harebrained scheme.
The government fell.
Tom and Mary are enjoying a walk along the pilgrims' trail in France.
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.
Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.
Let me take care of this.
Don't worry, I can take it.
How did you find out where Tom was?
How did you find Tom's hiding place?
How did you discover Tom's hiding place?
It's to your left.
Turn around for a second, will you?
How many years has it been since I last saw you?
That isn't allowed.
That's the end of that.
Is this how it ends?
It's a slip of the pen.
Cool it.
Cool!
The rain is finally clearing up.
I'm too tired of arguing.
I'm tired of arguing.
It is related to the fact that ...
I'm not going to do that!
I'm so tired, I can hardly keep my eyes open.
We made it on time.
Swallow your pride!
Don't make a fool of yourself!
I ask you to please trust me.
Until when shall you tell us off?
When shall you stop telling us off?
Could you explain it to me?
She always wears flashy clothes.
Tom didn't have the courage to do what he wanted to do.
This isn't drinking water.
She curled her hair with curlers.
And just who might you be?
He really doesn't like to fly.
Are you up to any shenanigans tonight, or are you having a quiet one?
We researched the Amazon rainforest.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.
Please leave this place as clean as you would like to find it.
This is not your problem, it is mine.
He took a taxi to the hospital.
Can we talk outside a little?
My family lives here.
Friends, can I talk with you for a minute?
This is very easy!
I think you have to look for a part-time job.
The music started again.
Tom is extremely patient.
Mary put the ring on her finger.
My French is still not very good.
Tom bought a newspaper.
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train.
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train on the way to work.
Did you like Boston?
Did you have fun in Boston?
Is Mary a real blonde?
Tom almost looks like a girl.
You'll never walk alone.
We should bring another bottle of wine.
Where did you see Tom?
I'm too busy at work.
Let's wait a while.
Will you take that?
Could you explain them to me?
I want to go to Bali.
She didn't bat an eyelid.
Have you been working there for long?
Do you enjoy the work?
We'll talk soon.
You asked for it.
You had it coming.
Marie will show you how to catch a fish.
We will show you how to catch a fish.
His speech was an unmitigated disaster.
A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.
I was the only man in the tour group. The others were Arab women who live in Istanbul.
No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.
I also want to see the ocean.
The target is in sight.
Tom had to mind his P's and Q's when he met Mary's parents for the first time.
Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.
Same sex marriage is now legal in countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.
You didn't commit a serious crime.
Tom made a fool of himself when he was drunk last night.
Why do rabbits have big ears?
Why are rabbits' ears big?
Do what you gotta do.
I'm not even sure that I'm right, truth be told.
You can't keep secrets from me.
You can't keep secrets from me!
The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.
Where is the latrine?
Please give an example of usage.
A large crowd of people gathered.
What a basket by Michael Jordan!
Where is my suitcase?
Have a good week!
They demanded a salary increase.
Don't say I'm a sucker.
How fast!
I heard that Tom and Mary will get married in October.
Where did you find the keys?
Because I've worn out my old coat I need to buy a new one.
He is taking care of his old Mom.
Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.
Marie jumped from the window into the river.
Here is the translation:
Here is the pronunciation:
The pronunciation is as follows:
I often lie about my age.
People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.
Danger lurks around every corner.
Splish-splash is an example of an ideophone.
Everything went wrong for him.
The session has been prorogued.
Cryptesthesia is another term for extrasensory perception.
The police asked the criminal to give up his gun.
I am nearly forty and still not married.
I am nearly forty and still unmarried.
A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.
He's got one foot in the grave.
From the moment he saw him, his heart stopped.
The Coloseum was used until the year 217, when it was struck by lightning and burnt.
Be home by half past six.
Having won the lottery, she went on a shopping spree.
"Do you know the smell of death", asked John, shoving his fist under my nose.
The wall appeared to be smooth and impenetrable.
That morning Mary went round the whole village.
The doctor examines the patient.
Oh yes! Tomorrow I will have something to do.
Shall we have an aperitif?
Do you think the situation can improve?
I don't understand what the teacher is saying.
Hopefully we too will go to Beijing.
I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!
What is she drinking?
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."
My children don't have their own rooms.
Do your children have their own rooms?
I listened to music.
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.
Tom poured himself another scotch.
I would like Tom to apologize to me.
I spent the rest of the night beside her.
She apologized to her father for coming in so late.
Everybody knows he likes her and she likes him.
Let's drink something.
You see everything in black colours.
That is very nice of you.
I don't think there's any point discussing this with me.
They were so happy together.
Where was she going?
I'll phone her tonight.
Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.
She will clean my room.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
I did some work in the garden.
Fish is good for you.
Mom likes to eat fish-head.
You can learn, no matter your age.
Yes, I want to have a baby, but now I'm going to write some more sentences.
I was again continually so busy with Tatoeba that I almost became dehydrated.
Wine is made from grape juice.
I've some minutes left.
When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.
Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.
It does not constitute an investment advice.
Life without books is unimaginable.
When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.
I have to say I envy you guys.
I want you guys to wait for me.
The corrupt government officials fled the country.
There's no reason to panic.
There's no reason to panic... yet.
The answer is both yes and no.
Will the future be like science fiction?
Pay it forward
Please help us track this card.
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.
He accepted that he was a monster.
It was the type of presentation which appeals to the audience.
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.
Speak about others as you would want them to speak about you!
She doesn't know how to read or write.
Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.
No, don't do that.
I want to warm myself.
Thank you for your warm words.
She decided to go and study in the USA.
The White family will arrive in Tokyo at ten thirty.
The rumour quickly spread.
The sending of these letters won't take long.
An egoist is someone who thinks only about himself, and not about me.
Anything too stupid to be said is sung.
Present company excluded, of course.
It's all fake.
The city was destroyed during the war.
The city was rebuilt after the war.
The city was damaged during the war.
The city was beautiful before the war.
Many tourists visit the Old City every year.
Many tourists visit Boston every year.
Tom snuck into the party.
How many people were there?
How many people were at your party?
This is one of the most popular restaurants in town.
That sounds like a great plan.
How many times have you been there?
How often do you go to Boston?
What kind of food do you usually cook?
What kind of food do you like to cook?
Don't forget to put on sunscreen.
The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.
Do you have any food allergies?
What foods are you allergic to?
Have you ever uploaded a video to YouTube?
How often do you upload videos to YouTube?
What are you going to be doing this summer?
What do you plan to do this summer?
What'll you be doing this summer?
I didn't want to disappoint my parents.
This is where I draw the line.
Are you open on Sunday?
Does that make you angry?
What made you decide to quit using Twitter?
Why did you quit using Twitter?
The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.
We need to focus on our strengths.
You need to focus on your strengths.
Tom works in advertising.
I love you, but not that way.
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.
What's that, little cat? Would you like some sour cream?
She'll return very soon.
It is a fish.
Is the handsome man an Arab or an Indian?
You're dead.
Is it true that you weren't here yesterday?
Can you read phonetic symbols?
This isn't the whole story.
Keep your eyes closed.
You should have said you could see it.
You should have killed them when you had the chance.
Don't touch it. That's mine.
A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
I wish you'd tell me a story. That'd be some fun at least.
"It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." "Then why are you still alive?"
Lately I've been having trouble with my memory.
Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.
Get up already, you lazybones!
Today I have finally mustered the courage to tell you I love you.
I'm gonna go take a nap for an hour.
Ah, so that's it!
Did Tom find her?
Did Tom find them?
Did Tom find him?
I'm going to go take a nap.
Let's eat the ice cream now. It's going to melt.
Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.
Look at what's become of me!
There is a stone in my shoe.
There are many orange fishes in the river.
The new law was twelve months in the making.
The motion was carried by a show of hands.
He had a work contract.
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.
The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.
The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.
The conversation was secretly recorded and used as evidence.
My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.
I woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.
I'm ready, man. Bring it!
You are the most boring person I know.
Long hair is such a bother.
I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.
I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.
Would you like to go with me?
There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.
It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.
Sometimes I wish I had a twin brother. That'd be fun.
Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.
Mary does not need a walking stick when she is at home.
Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.
Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.
History is written by the victors.
History is written by the winners.
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.
Heart of Darkness raises important questions about imperialism, as well as racism.
Elephants were killed for their ivory.
"Will you think about it?" "Yes, I will."
Sitting down all day is bad for you.
Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.
This house is said to be haunted.
This house is said to be haunted by spirits.
She poisoned her husband.
She confessed everything.
I didn't manage to see who it was.
Tom was with a girl, but I didn't manage to see who it was.
Tom said that he needed the money.
It's an art more than a science.
Mary is a soccer mom.
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.
Tom is a lousy kisser.
I would get beat.
How would you ever think you could have a family?
Mary could tell by the way Tom slammed the door that he wasn't happy.
Tom could tell by the way Mary slammed the door that she was upset.
Tom is the smartest person I know.
The police think that Mary poisoned her husband.
Is there something in particular that you want to see?
Is there something in particular that you want to study?
Is there something in particular that you want to learn?
Is there something in particular that you want to know?
Is there something in particular that you're looking for?
You won't laugh at him, will you?
I can't take it seriously at all.
I wish you were here with me.
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
Have you ever been in a traffic accident?
What makes you smile?
What were your grades like in high school?
Can you juggle?
Are you good at keeping secrets?
What are your plans for this weekend?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
How often do you use your phone?
It was a good day.
What is this commotion all about ?
Did he accomplish his goals?
They are treating me like a child.
When yelling doesn't work, yell louder!
"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying the reverses!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"
I don't know whether I should laugh or cry.
What's this commotion all about?
What's the commotion all about?
What's all the commotion about?
I can't concentrate with all this commotion going on.
What's all the commotion about anyway?
How can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on?
The team is only as strong as its weakest member.
Are you with Tom?
Tom has a family now.
There's a party tonight.
Tom works for his father's company.
I love all my children equally.
I can't believe you didn't recognize me!
A team is only as strong as its weakest member.
Are you still jealous?
I can't believe you didn't recognize me.
I can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother.
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
When did you last hear from Tom?
Have you ever known Tom to lie?
Damn, can you imagine how badly they smelled?
In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.
My wedding has to be perfect.
He put the blue folder down on the table.
A dog is barking now.
Mine's bigger than yours.
Tom wanted to have a bigger boat than his brother.
Tom wanted to have a bigger house than his neighbor.
Bob bragged about his big boat.
Is it just me, or is Tatoeba extremely slow today?
Are there any other possibilities?
Mary knows everything about the latest fashion trends.
Men want to feel needed.
Men want to feel important.
I forgot the baby monitor.
Once you start, you will never stop.
Tom wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.
How old are you and how much do you weigh?
That's a very rude question.
Men have about to times more testosterone than women.
Tom was very happy when his team won.
Tom likes to drive fast.
Tom likes extreme sports.
I really hope you're kidding.
Why do you need so many shoes?
Tom lives in a house that was built in the 1700s.
Where did you buy that? I want one too.
This is a public street, not a racetrack.
Where did you buy that? I also want one.
Help! Police! Help!
Where can I find the tourist's office?
He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.
He is as intelligent as his brother.
The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.
Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.
This is how it should have been.
He knows the names of all his customers.
Breakfast is served between and 9.
I'm still grieving from the death of my eldest son.
The house is small but beautiful.
Knowledge makes us free and better people.
Calm down. What's the problem?
This building is blue.
Tom wanted to impress his friends.
Knowledge sets us free and makes us better people.
The accident left him permanently paralyzed.
This billionaire has homes in different countries.
Tom says that he has homes in different countries.
Tom has a lot of money, but he has no friends.
Tom wrote Mary's name as the cheque payee.
The war veteran is a double amputee.
The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.
It's obviously a typo.
I think it's just a typo, rather than a grammatical error.
The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.
I can't answer your question with any certainty.
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.
Why don't you drop around sometime?
The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.
This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.
The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.
Keep your elbows off the table.
Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.
Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.
He is a complete monarch.
Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.
Who are you trying to kid?
"Are you feeling better?" "No, I feel worse."
I'll make sure she has everything she needs.
I'll make sure Tom has everything he needs.
This should do the trick.
Last night, he told me everything.
Last night, she told me everything.
This will make our job a lot easier.
This will make our job much easier.
This famous actress was also a fashion icon.
The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.
Tom's books have been translated into many languages.
I can't get you out of my head.
This is a love song.
Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something.
Don't treat me as common people.
Are they really friends?
Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.
Are Tom and Mary really friends?
Are Tom and Mary really married?
Can Tom really speak French?
Are Tom and Mary really engaged?
Is Tom really a student here?
Did Tom really move to Boston?
Did Tom really get into Harvard?
It's difficult to work with you.
The horse took fright and bolted.
She died a few years ago.
I'm deaf and mute while I'm eating.
I'm not late, am I?
Tom is not an easy person to get along with.
I baked an apple pie.
I baked some apple pies.
I'm glad you've come back.
How did you hurt your leg?
The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.
Tom told me not to talk to Mary.
Tom told me I shouldn't talk to Mary.
Tom told me I should stay home.
Its fabric didn't come from India, did it?
I don't need the user manual.
Could you tell Tom that I stopped by?
Yesterday I finished learning Esperanto on Duolingo.
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.
I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.
Just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea.
Mary is a wedding planner.
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.
Tom's book has been translated into many languages.
The security team checked the car for explosives.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.
Tom broke his leg in a cycling accident.
Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.
FIFA is composed of member associations.
Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.
Solar power is a clean source of energy.
I'm learning Korean.
How long do you think it would take you to read this book?
That one is very rare.
You have been really good to me.
I want to someday go back to being human.
I used to play piano long ago, so I can still play a little.
He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.
Tom is an avid cyclist.
The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.
That's my favorite shirt, and I always wash it by hand.
Canada is the motherland of ice hockey.
I passed the exam!
My friend scored on the maths exam.
I scored on the maths exam.
I scored on the maths exam.
The maths exam results are out!
Do you think it's possible to pass all the exams?
Do you know somebody who passed the last year's exam?
Do you know anybody who passed this exam?
What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?
Hope is the walking stick, from the cradle to the grave.
Everybody knows that Tom likes Mary.
What's Tom drinking?
Do you think the situation will improve?
Tom took a taxi to the hospital.
As a last resort, read the instructions.
I'm good at anything I set my mind to.
He is studying hard.
No one has died... yet.
Tom had never been away from home before.
The tourists were not happy.
Let's appeal to the people to see what they'll say.
You must get off the car.
Mama, Tom won't gimme back my toy!
Wait, wait, don't go yet.
I know almost nothing about you.
Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
No one has died yet.
Don't go yet.
I love Kabyle dishes.
I love Kabyle cooking.
I need a sincere friend.
I need a sincere girlfriend.
Translate this into English, please.
"What about the girls, my son?" "Oh, dad."
I am going to learn a lot from you.
I am studying several languages.
Are you not going to eat?
So you want to learn another language. Welcome, then, to Tatoeba!
He is going home.
Everything you have will have you someday.
The things you own, they end up owning you.
You called the police.
Do you really want to learn another language?
I shortened my speeches.
This question seems to allow two answers.
Confidence is half the battle in learning to speak another language.
Do not eat fatty, salty, sugary food. Do not drive too fast, eat your five fruits and vegetables a day, do sports... and if you have time left, think about living, as simple as that.
The matter admits of no explanation.
Luck makes us arrogant, bad luck makes us wise.
What? You still don't know how to drive a car?
Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.
Aren't you going to eat anything?
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."
My wallet was stolen on the bus.
The Internet is not your personal army.
If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions.
If there is no porn of it, porn will be made of it.
There are no girls on the Internet.
If it exists, a crossover with it will eventually happen.
What does the doctor think is wrong with Tom?
What does the doctor think is wrong with your shoulder?
What does the doctor think is wrong?
Tom has an eye infection.
Tom thinks he has the flu.
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.
The Anonymous is still able to deliver.
Every win fails eventually.
"So... what's this one, then?" "It says, "Drink this, then tell me what you've learned." "Alright, hang on. ...And here's the bucket. Okay, go ahead." "Urk! Ugh, it's got an aftertaste. Eh? Uh oh! Blaaargh!" "Well... I see you didn't barf up the spell..." "Ugh... I know she can make these potions palatable... Anything happen?" "Aye. But — truth be told, it's come so far out of left field for me I don't actually have any feelings about it!" "What?" "Have a look at the mirror." "...Oh. Wait... What?!" "Pretty much what I was thinking. No one's gonna understand, but here we are. So... what now, alicorn princess? Envy of little girls everywhere?"
bell hooks doesn’t capitalise her pen name.
Happy belated!
How long do I have to stay in the hospital?
The nurse checked Tom's blood pressure.
I'd like to get a second opinion.
How long have you had this rash?
Do you put sugar in your coffee?
So, I... I just turned into an alicorn today. I'm not used to the wings... Yeah, so, it's like... different, being an alicorn. I was thinking about maybe what I can do with the new powers, like, maybe I can use them in some awesome battle to get something I like: "Hey, now that I'm a god, you're gonna give me my books for free!" See, but then I can't think of anything where violence is gonna benefit me in the long run. I mean, I always had potential to be violent, so I guess nothing is changed... Maybe now it's worse.
"Alright, I think you'll agree to this one." "I am NOT dressing as a banana." "The Equestrian ponies want you to dress as a banana. It is your civic duty. ...Look, I have been making compromises. My new provision only makes you dress as a banana during state functions." "It does not belong in a budget plan, Luna." "Well, how else am I supposed to get you to dress as a banana? You have refused to be open to negotiations!" "You know we have two weeks to agree on a proper budget." Two weeks later, after no agreement could be reached, the violence began.
"So, that's actually how the whole war started." "Seriously? Man, politics is way different than I imagined."
Thus conscience does make cowards of us all.
It doesn't get better.
It's minus six outside and the heating's on the blink.
"How do you have your coffee?" "White with two, thanks."
"How's the trouble and strife?" is an example of a sentence using Cockney rhyming slang.
I enjoy the way hurdy-gurdy sounds a lot.
I'm not trying to stir up trouble. I'm just telling you what I heard.
At this point not only have I still not had a girlfriend, but I also have lost interest in trying, thanks to my brother's nasty bitch that drove him to suicide... So yeah, I'm more distrusting of relationships now. I won't refuse them, but I honestly don't think I'll even try for a while.
Should this happen again, call me.
If this happens again, call me.
If this happens again, let me know.
What are the chances of this ever happening again?
The amoeba is a unicellular organism.
The amoeba is a single-celled organism.
The amoeba is a protozoon.
The amoeba is a protozoan.
Swollen lymph nodes are usually found near the site of an infection, tumour, or inflammation.
Heavy rain throughout the night has hampered efforts to rescue survivors from the stricken ferry.
I would like a room.
"How's the trouble and strife?" is an example of a sentence using Cockney rhyming slang. It means "How's your wife?"
Oh, you have evidence disproving evolution? Gather your data, have it peer-reviewed, and receive your Nobel prize.
So long as I live.
Wasn't Tom in Boston with you?
The silkworm is spinning a thread.
My parents were running a silk farm.
That town is the center of the steel industry.
He has a will of steel.
This is a map of Ninohe District.
There were six candidates for queen.
The empress is visiting Australia.
I carry a bag of rice.
"How much did you pay for this?" "About euros." "Wow! That's incredibly cheap."
I want to practice basketball with him.
Oh, Tom! This is great timing. There's something I wanted to ask you.
Summing up, it is clear the future holds great opportunities. It also holds pitfalls. The trick will be to avoid the pitfalls, seize the opportunities, and get back home by six o'clock.
Did you do that by yourself?
Tomorrow I will buy what I need.
She licked the spoon.
In order to stay alive, humans need alimentation, which consists of foods and beverages.
On the way to Bonn, we took in the Cologne Cathedral.
Jews are a people chosen by God.
Is the work hard?
He didn't give a precise answer.
He is said to be very rich.
I hear that he's very rich.
They say that he's very rich.
I love it when someone lies so much they forget what they said before.
I swear, I wouldn't date you if I was on fire and you were the last bucket of water.
It's a weird question.
That's a weird question.
Mary hit the snooze button.
We are producing spare parts in an automobile factory.
One learns by doing.
Aren't you cold in short sleeves?
It is worthwhile.
He's rather busy just now.
I suppose you're not an expert in these matters.
But let me remind you of one thing.
He disliked her at first glance.
You have known for a long time what to do.
No, I didn't really mean that.
He has no respect for anyone.
Here's what I wanted to ask you.
I want to improve my English.
I want to improve my French.
I want to improve my German.
I want to improve my Italian.
I want to improve my Spanish.
I want to improve my Greek.
I want to improve my Tagalog.
I would like to improve my Spanish.
I'd like to improve my Spanish.
I'd like to improve my Cebuano.
I wonder what Tom is doing.
I wonder what Tom is doing now.
The quick bird is the one who will catch the worm!
This looks like an attempt at rephrasing a well-known English proverb.
There is a shrine atop the mountain.
The jurors came into the courtroom.
That man is a newspaper columnist.
The factory was not in compliance with safety regulations.
Many university faculty dislike the university president.
The river flows southwest to the sea.
Thirty years ago, timber was the main industry here.
There's a motion sensor in the corner.
Flies thrive on rotten food.
Laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems.
This is a powerful laser.
The basketball playoffs started last month.
I speak Danish, Swedish and English.
John and Eva are best friends.
The lonely girl eats a soggy sandwich.
There are seventeen ravens.
I love to learn languages.
I like to learn languages.
There is a little water in the cup.
Where is my Mezuzah?
If Tom didn't write this, then who wrote it?
If Tom didn't write this, then who did?
Tom doesn't know how much it will cost.
I called her here in order to help me.
I called him here in order to help me.
A nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other ionized gases.
He is the champion.
Tatoeba is great.
Welcome to Wikipedia.
The senators will praise my act.
Eagles and doves are very beautiful animals.
He's a cold person like that.
Vampires live in perpetuity.
Hi, my dear, my darling, my honey, my destiny. How was your day?
You're my dream come true.
When you hold my hand I understand the magic that you do.
Only you, can make the darkness bright.
There are only three ways to teach. By example, by example, and by example.
I'm a professor, I'm living in Uberlândia at present, and I love music.
I stay at home every afternoon and my cat, too.
I go to the movies just once a month and we choose a new president every four years.
I pay the telephone bill once a month and I come to university every day.
Success brings money and a lot of problems too.
I read the song to my child.
The kids walk from school.
My sixth wife has a pretty face. She has green eyes.
The words bookstore and bookshop have the same meaning.
That boy is sad. He has tears in his eyes.
All insects have six legs.
My neighbor is a lovely fat woman.
I don't lend books to friends or enemies.
I don't cry when I am sad.
I don't cry when I am happy.
The world needs peace and love; it doesn't need war and hate.
The earth goes around the sun, it doesn't around the moon.
He feels sad when he is lonely.
I wake up late on Sundays, and I wake up early from Monday to Saturday.
I work among friends, and I live among books.
What time does class begin?
My secretary is typing my texts and my assistant is talking on telephone.
Another day is just beginning.
His books sell millions of copies.
I wake up o'clock but I get up o'clock.
"What a Wonderful World" is among my favorite musics.
When it comes to starting the day, nothing wakes me up faster than coffee.
I want to borrow a book from that library, but they only lend books to members.
I never lend books or CDs to anyone.
I always stay at home on Sundays.
I always wake up before eight o'clock, but I never get up immediately.
At present I am working for a median university.
There are several important differences between you and him.
I moved to a new house last week, and I studied in the library yesterday.
When will a new video come out?
When will a new video be out?
The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.
Last month I spent a fortune on the telephone bill.
I often read "Veja", but last week I read another magazine.
The American astronauts went to the moon in and Shakespeare wrote "Hamlet".
Goethe wrote "Faust", Voltaire "Candide", and Machado de Assis wrote "Dom Casmurro".
The Indians came to Brazil before the Portuguese, I came to Uberlândia before Angela.
The USA left Vietnan in 1975, Henry Ford made the model T car in 1909, and I left Brasilia in 1998.
George Washington was the first president of the United States, and I left São paulo in 2009.
Deodoro da Fonseca was the first president of Brazil. Galileo and isaac Newton were great physicists.
Salvador was the first capital of Brazil and Átila the Hun was a dwarf.
The Russians didn't walk on the moon in 1969.
Shakespeare wrote "Hamlet" and Tolstói wrote "War and Peace".
The Second World War began in and ended in 1945.
Get it?
Got that?
Don't go out tonight.
My tongue is very sharp. Don't make any noise. Don't close the window, please.
Look at the stars, let's not waste time.
Be careful with these words.
He say he is a PhD., but actually he is a DSc.
The Professor gave a lecture on solar energy yesterday. I gave a lecture on Relative Risk.
I lived in Vancouver during my sixty divorce crisis.
Winston Churchil was the Prime Minister of Britain during the Second World War.
I didn't say a word during the dinner. We kept quiet for almost an hour.
I lived in São Paulo for eleven years and in Brasilia for thirty-four years.
I lived in France for some time.
One can eat very well in São Paulo or New York.
Please bring me a beer, a very cold one.
We send her some flower on her birthday.
Show me your documents.
Getúlio Vargas killed himself with a gun more than thirty years ago.
Elephants are very clean. They wash themselves.
I myself drank all the beer.
We painted our house ourselves.
Tom was walking along the quiet street when he noticed a robin twittering from an overhead branch.
Hitler and Getúlio Vargas killed themselves.
Mozart: one of the great musical prodigies of all time.
No, that does not sound right.
Congratulations. You behaved yourself very well.
Rossini covered himself with several blankets while he compose his operas.
Rosemary's Baby is a film by Roman Polanski.
St Peter's is in Rome and St Paul is in London.
Your health is very important to me. Why don't you go to the doctor?
My family begins where yours ends.
My patience is coming to an end.
Food is essential for survival.
In June we married.
I am at the theater watching the opera.
I got married on October 21, 2012.
At Easter, on April 21nd, Cabral reached Brazil.
In summer the temperature rises.
Joan of Arc was burned to death in 1451.
It was on a hot summer night.
At least he will have a salary without work.
I used to think that witches were real. Today I know they are real.
Peter the Great, Czar of Russia, used to take out people's teeth for fun.
People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.
On December 3rd, 1967, Doctor Barnard was able to perform the first human heart transplant.
The right word in the right place.
"Can" is the right word to express ability and "May" to ask for permission.
Can we present your Pygmalion?
I must weigh at least ninety kg.
How high is Mount Everest?
How long is the Nile River?
How long does a turtle live?
How long ago was Brazil discovered?
Using Chaplin's words "count your garden by the floweres, never by the leaves that fall."
There are good and bad moments in live.
What has legs, but cannot walk?
What has eyes, but cannot see?
What has a head, but cannot think?
What has a foot, but cannot walk?
What has tongues, but not cannot taste?
God save the Queen!
The teachers and children hate me, and I hate them too. Why do I have to go to school?
The first president of the USA died on the last hour, of the last day, of the last week, of the last month, of the last year of the seventeen nineties.
A diabetic has too much sugar in his blood and in his urine.
Travelers should finish their journey before dark.
Halloween is the time of witches and ghosts.
The world is not enough.
Halloween was originally a Celtic festival.
Destroy your enemies: make them your friends.
You have two ears and one mouth. Use them in that proportion.
"Have to" is used to express obligation.
Life is a riddle and love is the answer.
You look like Frank Sinatra.
"We never had this conversation." "What conversation?"
Take my advice and go to Ubatuba.
I'm dying for a beer.
Do you know a good apartment?
I'm having a wonderful time here in Boston.
We can!
Am I too early?
What would you buy if you won the lottery?
I'm having a wonderful time here in Vancouver.
Brazil was discovered years ago.
Some turtles have lived more than years.
We assessed reliability using the Cronbach's alpha coefficient and validity using the correlation analysis.
Correlations such p<0.were considered statistically significant.
The validation methodology was based also on Bowling's reports.
The traditional definition of criterion validity is the correlation of a scale with some other measure of the trait under study, ideally a 'gold standard'.
All tests were carried out two-tailed with a signifiance level of 5%
Mann-Witney U test, Independent two-sample t test, Fisher's Exact Test and Pearson Chi-Square Test were used in analyses.
Mean was ussed as the measure of central tendency for normally distributed data.
95% Confidence Interval was used to express the range estimated to contain the true population mean with a confidence of 95%
An intention-to-treat analysis was undertaken.
Survival analysis showed a significant reduction.
Quality of life was measured using a 5-point Likert scale.
The influence of covariates on the primary outcome variable was explored using logistic regression.
Some investigators deal with protocol violations by excluding the participants from the analysis.
The first checklist was published in 1961.
It is important to distinguish between assessing the quality of a trial and the quality of its report.
To be considered as a scale, the construct under consideration should be a continuum, with quantitative units.
In assessing scientific work, citation counts provide a more reliable indicator, than the impact factor of the journal in which it was published.
Where is the snack machine?
Good morning. I would like to exchange US$ 600. What is the rate today?
I want a pitcher of beer and a portion of chips.
Rape is a horrible crime.
I feel good after one hour workout.
It is only a few minutes away.
The young one can walk.
The house over there on the hill is my house.
Ask dad!
What's the closest planet to the sun?
The ray of reason must expand again.
Perseus saw his children, one after the other, dragged behind the victor's chariot.
After a war, always, the victorious side is right and the vanquished side is wrong.
Learning by doing!
You will do as I say.
I will never ever know the truth.
They don't get along.
I had seen my husband for the first time, on that day.
Did I say that I have it?
I told Tom that I will help him.
You have to tell me something.
Extracorporal shock wave therapy is used for plantar fasciitis, but limited evidence supports its use.
New Year! New Career!
Follow your dream to help others.
It's never too late to change your life.
Call now! We go where you go.
We found no evidence to support a beneficial effecto on pain, function, and quality of life of ultrasound over placebo in patients with ultrasound proven plantar fsciitis weeks following treatment.
All I want is freedom.
Let me be your shelter.
She wanted to test her husband, but she couldn't have made a worse move.
I've got my pride.
You know it's me.
I seldom hear your tune.
I am God's creature and of Him I am part.
What can I give you in return?
I am ready for the storm.
I no longer need someone.
Do you want to drink wine?
The well-known 80/rules applies in that 20% of articles may account for 80% of the citations.
The key determinants in impact are not the number of authors or articles in the field but, rather the citation density and the age of the literature cited.
The University of Coimbra was established in 1290. It is one of the oldest universities in continuous operation in the world.
The University of Oxford is the oldest university in the English-speaking world. It was established since 1096.
Paracelsus pioneered the use of chemicals and minerals in medicine.
An international language would be most useful for humanity.
The ray of wisdom must enlighten new horizons.
The construction work is coming to an end.
Does anyone know where Tom is?
This herbal ointment relieves pain and promotes healing.
Address the matters, and not the people involved.
I hope that you received my comments.
I hope that you accepted my comments.
Thank heavens, I'm free today.
With friends like these, who needs enemies?
Stay on the path.
It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
The room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
The bad weather will affect the yield.
May I open the window?
Didn't you know that Tom could play the guitar?
That weirdo breeds cockroaches in a matchbox.
All people shall have the right to maintain the minimum standards of wholesome and cultured living.
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never showed up.
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never came.
Time is not money. - Time is life.
Humans need the lie.
If everybody just added perfect sentences, this project would never be very interactive and interesting.
Tom died a few years ago.
Much work, little money.
To give millions a knowledge of English is to enslave them.
I am choosy with the wine.
Mistakes do give us wit, a sole one - not a bit!
Modern society is going through a moral crisis.
The math professor wrote the proof on the chalkboard.
Mathematicians love to prove things.
The professor has office hours every Tuesday afternoon.
If you have questions, please come to my office hours.
Last year I was a TA for calculus.
He is a tutor for the math department.
He has a master's degree in mathematics.
This is a book about public policy.
It would be better with your younger sister.
It can be better with your younger sister.
How long has Tom been living in Boston?
It's beyond any doubt.
What time do you usually eat lunch?
The post office is closed today.
You should apologize to Tom for being late.
This could take awhile!
Now he'll be out of our hair!
We're made for each other.
Let's leave these bitter fools alone!
Here's where the truth comes out.
Hi fellas!
I'm sick as a dog!
This isn't your cup of tea.
I saw a bit of 21st century fashion.
I once maxed out credit cards in one day.
So pleased to meet you.
I think I'm seeing my future.
You wouldn't believe it if I told you.
We cannot tear a single page from our life, but we can throw the whole book into the fire.
It's pristine.
Drop in, fella.
I haven't got five bucks.
I'm warning you, guys.
What's the most difficult thing about karate?
We all can't be blue bloods.
With relatives like him, who needs enemies?
Your family has become a laughing stock.
I must get home at once.
Teachers have difficulty coping with superior intelligence.
It's all very nice to be polite and all that, but truth is truth.
He sees things as they really are.
We just won a LB. turkey
Why I didn't think of that?
Maybe dad can do the dirty deed.
Many of the world's best chefs are male.
If you want to talk to me, you must define the words you will use.
Science is the body of knowledge generated by Scientific Method.
I live in a small apartment.
I have four sisters and one brother.
I wash my car once a week.
I work among friends.
Brazil is a large country.
I wake up 6:o'clock, but I get up 7:o'clock.
I saw "Star Wars" some months ago.
I have an appointment with my lawyer today.
I lived in Vancouver for two months.
There are no secrets between us.
You can't live without love.
My shoes are too old. I need some new ones.
One can eat very well in São Paulo.
Yesterday I myself cooked dinner.
Your advice is important for me.
I brought the documents to my boss.
I brought these flowers for you.
Racial prejudice is still a problem in some countries.
He finished college last year.
For goodness sake.
I'm grown-up.
They gave me a piece of advice.
Do you have any baggage, sir?
He has a PhD's degree in statistics.
Daily service every to minutes.
Valid all day, in all zones.
During regular hours, the service is divided into zones.
There are stations along this route.
On Sunday service can be slower than usual.
If someone wants to sell you their ticket, do not buy it.
The fare you pay depends on the number of zones in which you travel.
Thank you for submitting your manuscript to AJE.
Music is ever present in our daily lives.
We appreciate your interest in PT Journal.
We hope that you will be able to rewrite the paper and submit it to us as a new paper.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.
Thank you for your email.
Formal acceptance of the article was sent to MLJ on March 24th.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any further queries.
Kindest regards.
I am pleased to tell you that your work has now been accepted for publication in SM.
Thank you for submitting your work to this journal.
Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any other questions.
Feel free to contact me if you have any other questions.
Due to the redevelopment of the town center, most of the surrounding area looks like a building site.
The rock garden is past the patio.
You should stay away from people like that.
You shouldn't hang out with people like that.
I'm messy.
Get a real job.
Fighting isn't my style.
Today is Teacher's Conference Day.
My office is a very serious and high pressure place.
You've always complained that we don't take enough interest in your business.
Thank goodness you're here.
This document needs to be signed, this one reviewed, and this one approved.
Here's a tip for your trouble.
See you in about an hour.
No talking during the test, people.
I want each of you to be as quiet as a mouse.
Good night, everybody.
Do you realize how late it is?
Finally my luck is turning.
My luck is turning from bad to worse.
You're having a nightmare.
I was glad to do a good deed.
When will I ever learn to mind my own business and keep my big mouth shut?
Thanks again for inviting us to your party.
Tomorrow it'll be our turn to be the center of attention.
Today is our day to shine.
Have fun at the game.
Do you want a lift home?
Can you use a lift?
It was all a silly dream.
Excuse me, I have to make some changes on my sentence.
I don't doubt your word, I doubt your ability.
Writers always have to have the last word.
Can I drive it?
Stop imagining things.
Which way to the nearest airport?
You can count on us.
I hate admit it, but maybe I misjudged John all these years.
Is that some kind of joke?
I loved that musical.
Thanks for helping us out, doctor.
Do you always have to be so dramatic?
Since the beginning of time, evil has challenged good.
Must get some food.
It's useless in this condition.
According to my sister, my muscles are in my head.
It's not all sunshine and kisses.
They cost a fortune.
I thought you were a dummy.
I guess not all my ideas are golden.
It has it moments.
Is that who I think it is?
It's mass hysteria.
I underestimated teenagers' ability to delude themselves.
You sure you wanna do this?
Is everybody getting married?
You didn't have to stoop so low.
Saved by the bell.
I am just kidding.
I'm trying to make a good first impression.
You've done this before?
I can't resist this woman.
The apples look good.
Yesterday I got up early.
I was unable to effect any change in his way of thinking.
What you eat and drink before bed can affect your sleep.
It is essential that any sample is as representative as possible of the population from which it is drawn.
Quantitative clinical data follow a wide range of distributions.
In the build of the XX scale we adopted the technique of content analysis.
In Brazil the prevalence of Asperger's Syndrome may reach 0.5%.
How can we meet new people?
I used to have a dog.
They should stay away from people like that.
Obesity is a problem caused by sugar.
Allergic reactions are a problem caused by additives.
Sodas contain enormous amounts of sugar and calories.
He cut himself the first time that he cooked dinner.
I'll fix it by myself.
Where is the nearest service station?
How do you say "love" in Portuguese?
I wish I had brought a map.
I'm in front of the bakery.
Could you check the tires?
First I learned to ride a bicycle. Then I learned to drive.
Have a seat please.
Yeah. That'd be great.
Don't eat before going to bed.
Sleep in a quiet place.
I need to sleep six hours or more per day to feel well.
I can't sleep if the lights are on.
Do you know anything about the meaning of dreams?
I slept only three hours.
I don't need to sleep a lot.
Drown out the voice of uncertainty with the sound of your own heartbeat.
That's very surprising.
Do you like to watch movies?
What do you think of your job?
The more you listen, the more you speak.
A concept is an idea that can be represented by words.
Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis is a common condition among the general population in Western countries.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of acupuncture in the treatment of SAR through a randomized controlled trail.
The clinical evidence for the effect of acupuncture in the treatment of SAR is still controversial.
The authors would like to thank Dr. Jackson for his statistical analyses.
Some persons appear to be resistant to HIV infection.
The relationship between epilepsy and glucose metabolism was established more than years ago.
The ketogenic diet appears to be a very effective treatment for epilepsy.
It has recently been suggested that calorie restriction alone has anticonvulsant effects in an animal model of epilepsy.
I am still searching for the truth.
It's no surprise to anyone that most pet food contains questionable ingredients.
What more would you expect from a bad man?
Time is changing.
Visit your neighbourhood.
Think what you want about Tom; he's still one of the greatest.
I am planning to take my relationship with you to the next level.
He was born in Vancouver Oct. 23, 1976.
He attended only secondary school.
Start your health care career in less than one year.
Around two to four per cent of Canadians suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder.
I am happy that I can be yours.
This situation, which you are experiencing right now, was prepared by you at some time in the past.
People around us help us to realize where we have made a mistake.
People used to think that tomatoes were poisonous.
People used to think that the earth was flat.
Don't give up. You still have a chance.
You still have a chance.
Tom raised some money from his parents and his friends.
Let's try to clear up this misunderstanding.
None of Tom's children can speak French.
Neither of Tom's children can speak French.
I'm not contradicting you.
You're contradicting yourself.
You're really contradicting yourself.
I'm not contradicting them.
I'm not setting anything on fire.
I'm not lighting their candles.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was very young.
Tom now lives with his dad.
Tom now lives with his mom.
Time seemed to stop.
Hey, the water is cold. I just hope I don't get sick.
Wow, the water is cold. I just better not get sick.
They set up their tents on the beach.
Vincento likes root beer with a hamburger.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph over Lucy.
"Confessions" by St. Augustine tells us the timeless story of an intellectual quest that ends in orthodoxy.
He is in charge of the logistics of the military operation.
Game theory is the study of strategic decision making.
He forgot a section of the speech and had to improvise for a while.
It's a shame that one obtains such a meagre payment in return for such a lot of work.
Do you love me unconditionally?
What time did you leave your house this morning?
Which would you prefer, this one or that one?
I've gained three kilos.
I've gained three kilograms.
You've put on a little weight, haven't you?
Tom is fat.
Please don't make me do anything else.
Please don't make me do that.
Tom's children can't speak French.
I already have plans for this weekend.
Do you have plans for this weekend?
What are you planning to do this weekend?
Why didn't I take the others' advice?
If you do this for me, I'll never ask you to do anything else.
I could have been merry with you.
I was happy with you.
All were hunting the same prey with desperate starvation.
You didn't think I let you down, did you?
This boy is his son.
It was only a kiss on the cheek.
The book that I bought is on the table.
The book I bought is on the table.
I expect that Tom won't do what you want him to do.
I taught Tom how to cook.
Smoking isn't allowed here.
You're not allowed to smoke here.
I think the following rule is valid for all languages: the more words you put in use, the more polite it sounds.
The patient suffers from hallucinations.
The patient is hallucinating.
That medication calmed the patient.
This medication relaxed the patient.
The sick boy recovered quickly.
Every language sees the world in a different way.
I sell cars.
They have never even heard of the US.
Let's have a good time.
Let's do someone a favor.
A Mr. Itoh wants to see you.
Do you speak English? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Much work still remains to be done.
I did it just now.
Do you speak Italian? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
There are some unclear points in his account.
Do you speak Greek? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Most people have to work for their livelihood.
Tom refused to talk to me.
Tom seemed bored.
That's enough. Don't cry!
I don't have anybody except her.
He didn't understand anything.
If you don't do that, you will be a dead man.
I counted to two hundred.
I like Tom, but he doesn't like me.
Tom was way out of line, and he knew it.
The hill is exposed, with no trees.
The earthquake reduced many villages to rubble.
I have a good watch, even if it is not brand-new.
I've never seen her before in my life.
They should lock him up and throw away the key.
She covered up her disappointment with a smile.
Mary often hums songs under her breath while she works in the kitchen.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him on another day.
Sunshine is the main source of vitamin D.
It was raining so hard that we decided to stay home.
Does she like my hat?
We have physical education.
Try this!
Many people, especially older ones, were very disapproving of Elvis Presley's suggestive hip movements during his stage performances.
You say you love me, but you've got a funny way of showing it.
I will never set my foot there again.
All the best!
Just let him do his thing.
Hey, mister! Eat my cat, please!
I learned how to write my name when I was three.
Tom spends about an hour a day studying French.
I had no idea you didn't know how to speak French.
Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't know what to do.
Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom isn't the only one who missed the meeting.
Tom and I go jogging together almost every morning.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play the piano.
Who's that girl sitting over there?
I think what you're doing is dangerous.
I think you shouldn't be doing that.
Tom asked me why I was unhappy.
I'm not the only one who thinks Mary is beautiful.
Everybody except Tom seems to be having fun.
Except for Tom, everybody seems to be having fun.
I don't think Tom wants any help.
It's been a long time since I've done anything like that.
Tom doesn't really want to go with us.
Tom is the only one in our family who can speak French.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't have a driver's license.
There we go!
Have you ever thought about writing a book?
Have you ever thought about quitting your job?
Can you pause the video for a moment?
Replay the last seconds.
I skip ads on videos whenever I can.
Have you ever pirated something?
It seems that with every update they take a step back.
Are you using the latest plugins?
Uploading is the opposite of downloading.
I like your cat.
People die if they are killed. That's the way it should be.
It must be this way.
That's how it has to be.
I won't have it any other way.
This buzzing has to be for a reason!
This buzzing has to be for a reason! A tree cannot buzz by itself, so that means something is buzzing here. And why would you buzz unless you're a bee? I guess so. Why do bees exist, then? To make honey, I guess. And why does honey exist? For me to eat it — that's what I think!
Union members railed against proposals to cut weekend penalty rates.
Many social and political problems in France contributed to the causes of the French Revolution.
There was a lot of sibling rivalry between Tom and his brother.
During the reigns of Kings Louis XV and Louis XVI, France supported the English colonists in their resistance against the London government not because of an admiration for democracy but because the French wanted to weaken the British, who, for a long period of time, had been the enemies of the Government of France.
But the high price of bread led to mass starvation among the common people of France, who resented the rich nobles of the country who had the money needed to eat well and build huge mansions while they had to sleep on the streets.
There's nothing to be bothered by.
Personally, I think you're right.
I personally believe that you are right.
I'm working like crazy to make sure I have enough time.
The Roman Catholic Church, which owned a large part of the most desirable land in France, also imposed heavy taxes on the poor and hungry among the French.
Increasing numbers of people in France resented the absolute rule by the king and the nobles of France.
They noted the revolutionary success of the former English colonists who were able to achieve independence from the British and wanted to do the same thing in France.
They also wanted freedom of religion because of the heavy oppression of the Catholic Church. Over time these social pressures caused a revolution in France.
How many years have you been working here?
I think Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy the party.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have any fun at the party.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Mary's party.
Only the conscientious students came to the lecture.
Maria studied diligently, but could never remember from one week to the next.
Maria had too many distractions in her day to day life.
The replacement for the demolished house was built in record time.
That song was very popular three years ago.
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some weight.
There is no path to peace. Peace is the path.
There is no path to love. Love is the path.
We have PE class.
My love, I would do anything to make you happy.
I don't need anything from you to be happy.
Forgive me! I haven't done anything wrong.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything wrong.
I work my ass off.
We have one mouth only.
I came to buy vegetables.
What do you guys have?
Do you really think that I'm going to let you do that?
Do you really think your parents will let you go to Boston by yourself?
I don't believe in extraterrestrials.
I don't believe in alien life.
I didn't go to the funeral.
I have no home to return to.
I heard everything clearly.
I owe a lot to my coach.
I want to earn a lot of money.
I'd like to know why my name was deleted from the list.
I'll tell you what happened to me.
I'm going to rest today.
I've been away for a long time.
I've been away from home for a long time.
If you don't have enough money, I'll lend you some.
My dad is very strict.
Why did you buy this car?
You're not bored, are you?
In order to finance the war, bonds are issued.
What is the use of learning if you don't worship God or respect learned persons.
If you worship God who is in your flower like mind,you would live longer.
To those who meditate the feet of God,who neither has desire nor aversion, evil shall never come.
You never realize the value of something till you lose it.
The pleasure of teaching is not smaller than the pleasure of learning.
With skill and perseverance you can achieve any goal.
Flowers do not talk.
You know my opinion.
What an adorable child!
Mary only drinks lactose-free milk.
Many poets compare death to sleep.
Many poets equate death with sleep.
We need to decide when we'll move.
We're forced to decide when we'll move.
Everyone has points of weakness.
Everyone has vulnerabilities.
I'm a trader.
I'm a merchant.
New York streets are very wide.
"How are you?" - "Well, thanks. And you?"
Stop being such a weirdo.
Stop acting like such a weirdo.
I'll have your baby.
I'll have your son.
I'll have your daughter.
Methinks thou art foolish!
The stories in the Bible might be seen as interesting legends by Asians, but they are taken very seriously in the West.
Someone broke all the bus shelter windows.
Americans seem to have a unique tendency to express themselves by the bumper stickers on their cars.
Tom's quick thinking saved the day.
It's quite possible that I'm mistaken.
I don't have anything to give you.
I'm studying languages by myself.
How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
If you have faith in God, you can control all five senses and live a peaceful, long life.
How often do you work here?
Napoleon Bonaparte is considered to be one of the greatest military geniuses of world history.
But despite his victories in an important series of wars in many parts of Europe, Napoleon suffered some very serious losses.
The only political or military leader who has had an equally significant impact on the history of Europe is Adolf Hitler, who was more destructive than Napoleon, who at least had some accomplishments of lasting usefulness.
The meeting has already begun.
The concert has already started.
Napoleon is remembered for his establishment of France's Napoleonic Code, which has had a great influence on the legal systems of other countries. In the US, for example, the legal system of the State of Louisiana is based on the Napoleonic Code.
You just can't get good help these days.
Rain is like ambrosia, as the world cannot exist without rain.
Put the lime in the coconut.
He represents the establishment, while she sympathizes with the reformers.
These animals are on the verge of extinction.
You left me alone.
Rain not only acts as food but also produces food.
The earth is surrounded by sea water, but if the rain fails, people will starve.
Among his most important achievements were his reforms of the education system in France with the establishment of the "grandes écoles ".
If rain fails, farmers will stop ploughing.
According to some historians, Napoleon was an enlightened despot because of improvements he made in the social institutions of France. Others denounce him as an egocentric dictator because of the large number of people who died in his wars.
Rain, by its absence, ruins men, but by its existence restores them to fortune.
If the rain fails, even the grass will fail to raise its head.
But it is undeniable that his influence on French history has been tremendous, and many of the institutions that Napoleon established are still incredibly important in contemporary French society.
Even the wealth of the wide sea will be diminished if the cloud that has drawn its waters up does not give them back again in rain.
If rain fails, neither yearly festivals, nor daily worship will be offered in this world, to the celestials
If rain fails there will be neither charity nor penance.
She's not my grandmother. She's my mother.
If there is no rain, there is no water. This may make a civilized society into an uncivilized one.
Whose pens are these?
Tom's searching for his biological father.
Many atheists are stridently anti-religion.
The circumflex accent doesn't exist in Spanish.
It's unfair to stereotype all young people as potential troublemakers.
Tom had a back-to-base security system installed in his house, following a spate of burglaries in his street.
A team of British scientists has discovered what is apparently a “strong correlation” between a person's beliefs and the structure of his or her brain.
Never wish anyone harm!
They identified two brain areas with sizes that are apparently associated with the ideas and political values of an individual.
The scientists used a group of students in their study. They discovered that students who described themselves as social and economic liberals had a greater density of gray matter in a brain region called the anterior cingulate.
It is the dogged who wins.
And young people who described themselves as conservative had an amygdala (the brain structure associated with emotional processing) that was larger.
The researchers do not know, however, whether the structure of a person's brain determines his or her political beliefs or whether the political beliefs come first and the modified brain structures come later as a consequence of the development of these political beliefs.
Would you like some more tea? No thanks.
The news that Tom had left Mary for another woman spread quickly amongst their circle of friends.
Tom deliberately fed a false rumour to the town gossip, just to see how quickly it would spread.
It's time to put a stop to workplace bullying.
Tom was embarrassed when his parrot came out with a string of obscenities in front of Mary's mother.
Luckily, Tom was among the survivors.
His father worked on the railway.
His father was a railway worker.
Thor is not always here.
He is Chinese?
He is not sleepy.
The clock strikes 4.
I work until I can't anymore.
Can I go to the bathroom? I gotta piss.
Chill!
I don't think I've heard that word in a long time.
I haven't heard that word in a long time.
It's been a long time since I've heard anyone use that word.
I don't think people use that word anymore.
I'll be meeting him today at o'clock this evening.
He meets me today evening at six o'clock.
On Sunday we will travel to Germany.
She saw him eat a sandwich.
There is one thing that I don't understand.
He is seated by my side.
Try not to annoy him.
Try not to anger him.
You are a nerd.
She loves poetry and music.
This sentence is incorrect.
He gives meat to the dog.
We didn't expect them to buy a new car.
It is dependent on you if we will buy it or not.
We hoped she would win.
If I am not myself, who am I?
More often than not, people believe what you tell them.
From which city are Marco and Maria? Maria and Marco are from Rome.
This pullover does not cost much. It is very cheap.
She weighs fifty-five kilograms.
Look at this shining star.
Tom enters the park with the children.
My grandson is still a child.
Is this amount inclusive of GST, or does it have to be added on?
I think that I wasn't clear enough.
Tom knocked at the door.
Be a dear and shut off the light.
They run.
They are running.
I read the story in a book.
He is writing a letter.
Today was very hot.
Once upon a time everything was better.
Who isn't here?
She isn't new.
Could I place this here?
Tom drinks black coffee without sugar.
Can you repeat?
The hospital there is not huge.
The aroma of coffee wafted in from the kitchen alluringly.
Quit wasting time.
Whether you accept stories about past-life regression as fact depends very much on your own personal belief system.
I was born on 18th March 1994.
Two brothers went to travel together.
You could be worse - you could be twins!
They give each other presents.
I am giving Tom a last chance.
Could I leave this here?
Tom identified Mary when he saw her.
I am swimming in a river.
A smack passes while a word remains.
You are the only one I love.
One who loves flowers cannot be a bad person.
Who wouldn't love cats?
Let's try again, guys!
Hold my hand and look into my eyes.
Do not say it again, OK?
Tom didn't want to go to the party, but ended up having a ball.
Even though Tom didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Mary there.
Where do you guys live?
The cult of Tom is flourishing on Tatoeba.
If a dictionary needed an example for the word "bore", you would fit perfectly.
You've got a million dollars in front of you. You can either spend it for yourself or spend it on a surgery for someone you don't know who is in danger of quadriplegia. You don't know each other. And no one will ever know what a noble deed you've done sacrificing all the money for the surgery for a person you don't know, or how mean you were to take the money confining that person to a wheelchair for the rest of their life. So what would you do? You can't share the money.
Good day, lords. In what way can I refine upon my adroitness in aural comprehension? It is genuinely arduous for me to fathom the parlance of the English, although my scribbling deftness is unerring.
I don't give a fuck, not even a flying one.
It was so tense in the meeting, you could have cut the air with a knife.
Whoever loves flowers cannot be a bad person.
A big party will be thrown to celebrate the happy event.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Take my hand and look me in the eye.
The fight begins now.
Your future begins today.
I worry about my future.
You know I hate it.
I'm drinking water.
You're a good journalist.
Tomás' house is full of toys.
My mother has a couple.
He cut the apple into two halves.
I would prefer to get a divorce.
Tomás spends too much time working.
Is Tomás still working?
Tomás enjoyed Máire's story.
We're flying above the clouds.
I'm going to buy some water.
We should definitely meet again soon.
You didn't know Tom was gay?
Consumption tax is not included in the display price.
Could you shut up for a second?
Have you ever had a long distance relationship?
Stop watching TV and start studying!
"What kind of pet is always found on the floor?" "A carpet."
She is skipping rope.
Sticking labels on everything just makes the whole labelling thing feel pointless now.
This joke is ancient!
During mating season many animals exude strong fragrances.
Tom didn't want to go to the doctor.
Tom thinks he must die.
Have you met the new court jester?
You bet I'm going.
Wood burns very easily.
Tom and Mary agreed on a trial separation.
The mayor's murder sent shock waves through the community.
At times like this, words are woefully inadequate.
I work to live, but I don't live to work.
Julius Caesar was born in the year B.C. The exact date of his birth is not known. At age sixteen he had to take care of all of his family.
At about this time, Lucius Cornelius Sulla, after becoming the dictator of Rome, thought that Caesar was a political threat to his rule.
He likes sarcasm a lot.
I intend to skip lunch for a week starting today.
Sulla began to kill his enemies, and Caesar was on list of the people that he was going to kill. Caesar’s mother’s family begged for his life, and Sulla, reluctantly, spared him. Then Caesar joined the Roman army and returned after Sulla’s death.
Who could've broken the fishbowl?
Whatever shall I do?
No one is saved from death.
On the gripping hand, if they're too young and healthy they will escape and attempt to eat you.
After a brief interlude, Caesar decided to join the army once again and left Rome. While he was sailing across the sea, a group of pirates kidnapped him.
Hello, I'm Lucifer. I run things around here.
During his captivity he made a promise to the pirates that he would eventually kill them. The pirates thought that this was only a joke. After he was ransomed, Caesar pursued and captured the pirates and ordered their crucifixion.
It works seamlessly with your iPhone.
Tom had the grim task of identifying Mary's body.
Caesar’s audacity was the beginning of a very distinguished military and political career. In time, like Alexander the Great and Napoleon Bonapart, he became one of the most famous figures in world history.
And miraculously, he lifted his own violin and started playing, by ear, certain snippets of violin concertos.
Even small children have an innate sense of what's fair and what's not.
Strong-willed kids need clear boundaries and positive role models.
It's important for parents to be on the same page when it comes to disciplining their children.
What are you doing here? Why aren't you home?
Which is the smallest planet?
Mum and Dad aren't coming with me.
Did your husband have many enemies?
That was brave!
It's something I'm proud of.
Hugs!
Did I frigthen you?
Tom just went nuts.
Tom found an old safe in his garage.
Tom missed the exit and got lost.
It's sometimes necessary not to tell the truth.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey.
What did you guys go see?
Russia is bigger than Pluto.
I appeal to any members of the public with information to come forward.
Nothing is achieved without struggle.
When I was traveling from Boston to New York, I met a nice girl on the bus.
My name's Tom. I live in Boston. I have a wife called Mary. We've two children.
There is nobody inside.
My hair fell out when I heard the news.
I know how to set a trap.
You were made by God for a purpose.
How do you get on with your parents?
What's my punishment?
I can't sleep with the lights on.
Who knows his own mother tongue perfectly?
Today, I finally had the courage to tell her "I love you!".
Gently in manner, strongly in deed.
Long live the Belarus!
She wears a veil to hide her wounds.
She doesn't look her age.
He is a sly old dog.
He will show no regard for the gods of his fathers or for the one desired by women, nor will he regard any god, but will exalt himself above them all.
My grandfather re-upped in 1938.
I know that it'll be hard but you can handle it.
The advent of stormtroopers brought about a turn in trench warfare.
How much is that TV over there, please?
Mike works out in the gym two or three times a week.
I hate working out, but I know it’s good for one's health.
Butternut squash is a good source of manganese, potassium, and vitamins A, C, and E.
Several plants are commonly considered culinary vegetables despite being botanical fruits.
Swiss chard is rich in vitamins, minerals, protein, and dietary fibre.
Nigeria is the world's largest producer of cassava.
Cassava is a drought-tolerant crop and consequently a major staple food for millions of people.
Radishes are commonly used as a salad vegetable and eaten raw.
Wasabi is a pungent plant that is difficult to cultivate.
The most common symptom of miscarriage is vaginal bleeding, which may occur with or without pain.
Smokers have an increased risk of miscarriage.
Prevention of stillbirth is very difficult, as many causes of stillbirth remain either unknown or untreatable.
Recurrent miscarriage is distinct from infertility, and is defined as two or more failed pregnancies.
I would sell this dog if it was taller.
Women with mothers or sisters who have endometriosis are at elevated risk of developing the condition themselves.
Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrine disorder in women from young adulthood to early middle age.
Typically, human pregnancy is divided into three trimesters of approximately three months each.
Gynaecology is the medical practice dealing with the health of the ovaries, uterus, vagina, and breasts.
Obstetrics deals with pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period.
I want to go for a walk in the countryside.
Tom always laughs at his own jokes, just in case no one else does.
You weren't home when I called past your place earlier.
I called past your place today on my way home, but I missed you.
Tom's eyes lit up when Mary walked into the room.
The dictator rules the country with an iron grip.
Stay tuned. We'll be right back.
This is complete madness!
Lay down on the couch.
It's a rite of passage.
He has a torn calf muscle.
He tore his calf muscle playing basketball.
I'm getting an MRI tomorrow.
They pushed the gurney down the hall.
The calf muscle is located on the back of the lower leg.
It's a marketing stunt.
This is nothing more than a marketing stunt.
I'm totally not exaggerating.
Did you two break up?
Mary threw some sausages into the frying pan.
Isn't that a girl's name?
Isn't that a boy's name?
Meredith is Mary's friend.
Mary is picking berries in the forest.
If you fail to plan, you plan to fail.
Food arrived on the table.
Food finally arrived on the table.
I wanted to wrap my arms around his neck.
Are we supposed to be doing this?
Are you really that desperate?
You guys are not going to believe this!
If you're interested, let me know and I'll give you his number.
He's going to get you in trouble.
She's going to get you in trouble.
What school do you want to go to?
She saw through my lie.
Tom saw through my lie.
Always try to see the best in people.
Welcome princess. It's an honor to have you with us again.
Sixty-nine percent of adult Americans are either overweight or obese.
His next crime will be his last.
Tom's next crime will be his last.
Her next crime will be her last.
Tell him I'll call back later.
Tell her I'll call back later.
I love your top.
Don't call him back.
I see the target.
I can see the target.
They play the piano.
Lord, guard and guide us today!
Wherever you go, don't forget where you came from.
Do you feel nauseous?
Are you feeling nauseated?
Michael is a male name and Michelle is a female name.
Who did Tom say he was looking for?
Who did Tom say was looking for me?
Did Tom find the person he was looking for?
Tom wondered who Mary was looking for.
Tom asked Mary who she was looking for.
Don't do yourself the disservice of not watching this film.
I didn't know she was that old.
Uncover the horrific truth of this shocking story.
Fight oppression, claim your freedom.
Fight back against the oppression of the ruling elite.
Tom is out of the picture, since he's too young.
I wouldn't drink that if I were you.
I wouldn't eat that if I were you.
The less you have, the less you have to lose.
The more you have, the more you have to lose.
Vocabulary is the basis of language.
Her father nearly caught her having sex with her boyfriend.
I eat some cheese.
Please carry the chair into the adjacent room.
She explains the literal meaning of the sentence.
He explains the literal meaning of the sentence.
She explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
Do you know who broke the window?
He loves to watch playoff basketball.
The Giants finally made it to the playoffs.
My sister is majoring in developmental psychology.
Instructional videos are a key component of many online courses.
What we know about Tom is that he has a wife Mary and they have two children, a son and a daughter with the same names as their parents.
My group is always lively.
Her father's name's Carlos Antonio. Her boyfriend's Carlos Miguel.
Do you like German beers?
I need to meet more Peruvian friends.
I hate Tom because reasons.
I met my friends last Wednesday morning.
Keep distance from trucks and other vehicles when driving.
I'd leave things as they are to avoid problems.
You know, I don't want to kill you.
What's her plan?
The king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment.
Tom's speech was full of double entendres, most of which went over his audience's head.
I have good reasons for hating Tom.
There is a reason that everybody hates Tom.
Can you tell me why you hate Tom?
I hate Tom for many reasons.
Now I know the reason that Tom hates me.
Now I know why Tom hates me.
I have the best mother in the world!
A gentleman would never do something like that.
She has a small, black dog.
She has a black puppy.
Where did the little kids come from?
When will you visit me again?
Tom's house burned down in mysterious circumstances.
In order to bring about order in this chaos, we need a reliably functioning control mechanism.
Where do Mary and Tom live?
Tom looked for a school for boys.
The artificial lake dried up in hot weather.
I wouldn't be so optimistic if I were in your position.
Have you tried our rival's chocolate?
She is shy, which is why she chose not to say "I love you".
Early rain and early guests seldom stay the night.
You guys were lucky.
A week from yesterday is when I last saw her.
Tom asks a lot of questions.
That can't be. It would have been in the news.
It was in the news.
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.
Why didn't anyone tell me anything about it?
I'm feeling a little tired.
Tom studies philosophy at college.
He's writing his mother a letter.
Why does that bother you?
In the distance we saw the island.
We saw the island in the distance.
That's the reason she doesn't want to be with him anymore.
That's the village I was born in.
Tomorrow we'll get our proof.
The dove symbolizes peace.
Promise you'll think about my offer!
Tom's a grouch.
Maria hasn't eaten or drank the whole day.
Does he have a stomach ache?
Do you have a stomach ache?
"A" is the first of all letters -- God is the first of everything in the world.
That was not a good recommendation.
I've forgotten almost all my French, but you can speak German.
Her hair and the way she holds her head remind me of Maria.
Praise is more valuable than blasphemy.
One of the teenagers screamed.
Sunlight is the main source of vitamin D.
We were happier than we had ever believed possible.
Greek and Latin are useful languages, so I'm studying them.
When does the screening start?
I know I have to sleep now.
You shouldn't respect someone just because they're rich.
I'm sure you knew my father.
I'm not bringing her.
I'm not bringing it.
Hey, are you crazy?
Has he already done it?
I can't even describe how much I've missed home, I've missed it so much.
Every time I hear this song, I think of your smile.
Your clothes are out of fashion.
In the meantime you can just put on a sweater if you're cold.
Four horses roam the pasture.
I don't have a drinking problem.
There are people who know a lot but think they don't know anything, and there are people who don't know anything but think they know everything.
I was beautiful.
I was lovely.
The idea was a success.
If Maria spoke less hastily, people would be able to understand her better.
When I was younger, many people used to say I was beautiful.
Can't we just go home?
Come and meet everyone!
Thank you so much for attending!
Thanks so much for coming!
The little girl hugged her teddy bear.
If Tom spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand him better.
The "man" that you saw is actually a woman.
Let's play!
The dinner was so good!
Greece is not alone!
I wonder how the sausage is made.
She was young, pure, joyful and naive.
I wonder how sausage is made.
I'm aware I'm not at a good level; therefore, I need to practice more.
Do you know how sausage is made?
Have you ever seen sausage being made?
Peaches are sweet.
He often eats breakfast here.
I am from Budapest.
Why do we exist?
What did you bring me from Rome?
The three associates will set up a new company.
I am not a member of the club.
She has a lot of experience team teaching.
At my school, we team teach all the English classes.
I can't come with you today.
The computer froze up.
My computer froze up.
He's running his hand through his wavy, brown hair.
"The Little Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry has been translated from French into many languages.
It's gotten dark. Is it going to rain, I wonder?
There's no furniture in the room.
Tom took off the picture on the wall and hung another there.
Both your father and I understand the consequences of your decision.
Tom came up with a plan.
I came to a decision on my exercise plan.
I decided on my exercise program.
Tom could recite the first five verses of Schiller's Ode to Joy, but then suddenly he wouldn't know how the rest went.
My grandmother was named after my great-great-grandmother.
Our great-great-grandmother died the day after my elder sister was born.
My youngest brother has two children from his first marriage, and another child from his second.
He had three sisters, but two died when they were very young.
I don't know how the rest of it goes anymore.
Are they actually friends?
Are they even really friends?
Only two of my great-grandparents lived long enough for me to meet them.
All their great-grandparents were dead before Tom and Mary were born.
She became a great-great-grandmother just days before turning ninety-nine.
They have three children, six grandchildren, and their first great-grandchild is due in the winter.
She has an equal number of grandsons and granddaughters.
They each have half a dozen grandchildren, but Tom has more granddaughters, as Mary has only grandsons.
She was delighted to meet her great-granddaughter.
She feared cancer would kill her husband before their great-grandson was born.
He is my first cousin once removed.
She is my third cousin twice removed.
This is his maternal grandfather.
You wouldn't happen to know of an affordable hotel nearby?
It's a pleasure for me.
I'll never forgive you, Tom.
I'll never hurt you, Tom.
The topic of the episode is "I am the baddest son of a bitch around".
He was running away in all haste.
Relax. He's just teasing you.
It's just imaginary.
He's just a politician.
They're only words.
It's the book you are looking for.
Is this the book you're looking for?
Did you find the book you were looking for?
I had never been on a plane before.
I think that my mom knows.
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.
You can vote by absentee ballot.
At that high school, sports is more important than academics.
He is a convicted arsonist.
The courthouse ordered new gavels.
Judges often use gavels.
For my vacation next year, I am going to come visit you.
Keep all medicines out of the reach and sight of children.
For oral use.
I want to buy this jacket.
I stepped in the sludge.
The best book about life is life itself.
I left my phone in the conference room.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
It's time to wake Tom up.
How do you like to relax and chill out at the end of a long working day?
Tom hid the book under his pillow.
What are the next steps?
I did not like the food, but I forced myself to eat it.
It's fun to hang out with him.
I didn't see any children in the park.
I didn't see any children playing on the swings.
The body is lifeless.
How is your job search going?
Attention! The captain of the airship is speaking!
I don't know if you know or not, but here in America you're expected to tip the waiter.
The simplest solutions are always the best.
Is there something you want to buy?
How many hours left till arrival?
All I have is one book.
Julia thinks pizza is over-rated.
Rome has declared war on Venice.
Camel archers are very powerful.
Please take care of my peacocks.
We are in the midst of the 6th mass extinction.
Poland is the best civilization in Civilization V.
I have found geocaches.
Four-dimensional space is confusing.
I hope she's well again.
He used to collect beetles when he was a kid.
That car doesn't boost my self-confidence.
Fortunately this shed is stable, or else it'd have surely fallen down due to the storm last night.
A fence separates the garden from the lane.
Shopping malls are quickly mushrooming in this very urban city.
The soldier never got scars from battles.
Arabic is read from right to left.
There must be a balance between chaos and law.
Tom likes to eat turtles.
Yes, I thought so.
Nobody wants to work.
There's nothing for me here.
The new healthcare reform is nothing but a band-aid solution.
People don't like what they can't understand.
The price of wisdom is above pearls.
My mother carefully opened the door.
Jews, Christians and Moslems, we all are children of God.
Tom's got a terrible case of the runs.
"Excuse me, do you speak English?" "Yes. A little."
How do you think people get famous anymore?
She sat smoking.
"Listen to me! Listen!" "I have. Now sit down and don't open your filthy mouth again."
It's mustard after the meal.
You have to pay at the toll plaza.
He is erratic.
He is unpredictable.
You never know where you have got him.
This medicine is to be taken on an empty stomach.
I am Argentinean.
If I were rich, I'd pass my time in travelling.
Since the nuclear bombings of Nagasaki and Hiroshima, Japan has maintained a respectful and pacifist tradition.
Mary has forgotten her umbrella in some bus.
Don't scratch the sores.
You'll find the most wanted toys in this store.
Did you do it just for kicks?
He killed the old lady just for kicks.
He shed innocent blood just for kicks.
Hey, is that a demonic duck of some sort?
Why must you call me at such ungodly hours?
Do not judge the ungodly. Leave that to God himself.
Ungodly men ransacked the temple.
The godless community was perceived as uncivilised by its neighbours.
The godless woman must be punished.
The king labelled the books as godless and ordered that they be burnt.
He was my comrade in arms.
Pigs are even-toed ungulates.
Tapirs are odd-toed ungulates.
When do salmon spawn?
Ilona works as a sign language interpreter.
People often feel ten feet tall and bulletproof after taking ice.
John sleeps with his eyes open.
Do you know what the name of last year's beauty pageant winner is?
'Polynesia' is a Greek word that means 'many islands'.
I made myself a cup of hot chocolate.
When does the train depart?
Come on, hurry up! It's urgent.
You think, I must be crazy, but that's wrong.
Who did write the two letters?
I'm a nice dude.
The chickens are in the henhouse.
The wolf went into the henhouse.
The henhouse caught fire, but the chickens escaped.
There are no eggs in the henhouse.
There are about seventy hens in the henhouse, but only one rooster.
This time, I think you're right.
This is an imitation diamond.
Today I found that there's a movie called "The Russians Are Coming! The Russians Are Coming!"
I no longer remember the song's melody.
I often listened to him playing the melody on the trumpet.
I haven't managed to get help from anyone.
At the same time, I baked a cake.
He wants something cold.
I prefer to do it alone.
I prefer to do it by myself.
Sometimes it's better to remain silent.
You're just a coward.
The king ruled over the island.
That was his personal opinion.
In short, I don't know.
Since I live on a farm, I don't have a lot of guests.
The Iroquois are the worst civilization in Civilization V.
It happened right here three years and four days ago.
Have you still not finished your meal?
Do you have a sore throat and a headache?
What kind of oranges do you plant here?
You can do it from outside.
From outside you can.
Can you charge your phone? I want to talk with somebody.
That car is very new.
The construction trucks are noisy.
Some pickpocket stole my wallet on the train.
Someone pocketed my wallet on the train.
Someone stole my wallet on the train.
Let's pretend we're aliens.
After we ate, we went to sleep.
The physics teacher was late to class, as usual.
He didn't come, with the excuse that he was sick.
Could you give me your name and phone number?
Violent words, no matter what their origin or motivation, can lead only to violent deeds.
He didn't come. His excuse was that he was sick.
It's illegal for anyone, other than a licensed electrician, to carry out any electrical work in your house.
Tom likes patticakes with pink icing and hundreds and thousands on top.
Some popular Canadian television series were "Mister Dress-Up", "The Friendly Giant", "The Red Green Show" and "This Hour has Minutes".
After the Opossum Lodge meetings, the members recited the men's prayer: "I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess."
Did you hear how she speaks English?
When did they give you the ticket for the concert?
I'm very sorry for being late.
He doesn't come here anymore.
Judging by the way the sky looks, we're sure to have good weather.
In winter, I often suffer from melancholy.
Everybody suddenly burst out laughing.
Everyone suddenly burst into laughter.
The European Anti-fraud Office, known by the French acronym OLAF, is responsible for combating fraud against the EU.
What did you do for Father's day?
This is a very interesting investment opportunity.
The streets are lined with old shops.
Things just kept going downhill from there.
Tom is still living with his mom.
This is a great business opportunity.
Tom is financially independent.
The United States is ahead by goals against Colombia.
Did you watch the FIFA Women’s World Cup?
My mother's always yelling at me.
Stop micromanaging everything!
Mary is passive-aggressive.
Tom is passive-aggressive.
You just don't understand me!
You need to get out of your comfort zone.
Tom is a high performer.
Mary is a star performer.
This is counter-intuitive.
When you're young and you're in love, the world seems beautiful.
Keep your hands off her.
Keep your hands off him.
You're not in her league.
You're not in his league.
Tom was in the garden when it happened.
What have we here?
At least, that's what he said.
At least, that's what she said.
You mustn't flatter me.
Try to answer as many questions as possible.
That's what I've been saying all along.
I've been saying that all along.
You know how important you are to me.
She was the one who contacted me first.
I grabbed Tom by the elbow.
I grabbed Mary by the elbow.
She chased after me.
I knew she was waiting for Tom.
I knew he was waiting for Mary.
She looked tired, but happy.
Tom looked tired, but happy.
Let's move over to that table.
I hope it was as much fun for you as it was for me.
Hey, what gives?
That hurts! Stop it!
The lion eats the meat.
I apologize for the methods used to get you here.
I have to turn off the telephone.
Ready!
She has pearly eyes.
She has pearly teeth.
Tom admired the pearly whiteness of the fabric.
This summer resort is no longer as popular as it used to be.
Her mother speaks Italian.
Bingo is something that grandmothers play.
Don't stick your fingers behind the door. I might crush them when I close it.
They imprisoned and subsequently force-fed the protesters in an attempt to belittle their hunger strike.
He's force-feeding his goose.
What does the sign over the door say?
Best regards.
I apologize for yesterday.
We share a broadband subscription.
Are you satisfied with the hotel?
He sleeps so well because he's loved.
You are the losers of the game.
The book you gave me is very interesting.
When he comes, we'll begin.
My grandmother likes doing cross-stitch.
The hour between night and dawn is called the hour of the wolf.
Empty the ashtray, because it's full of cigarette butts.
I'm talking about a lion.
Can one see the difference?
I'd like to book a flight to Vancouver.
Tom asked if anyone knew anything about Mary.
Blow out the candles and make a wish!
I'm tired. I'm going to lie down.
He went slowly up the stairs.
Thank you, dear.
He put his name down.
The girls run and play.
Would you like me to speak Finnish or English?
Tom is a big fan of Chopin.
He tried again.
I begin tomorrow.
We all have our secrets.
One of my friends is studying abroad.
I'm very worried for your sake.
Smoking is harmful for your health.
This car is his.
I'm paying in advance.
I don't want to live in a big city.
I don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home.
The guys he always hangs out with are now in jail.
The toy the boy was playing with is broken.
The woman Tom is going out with had been married times.
The pen I am writing with belongs to Tom.
When I give an order I would like it to be executed!
Did he forget his money again?
Tom, with whom I was sharing the apartment, moved out last month.
I need your signature on the letter before I can mail it.
Mary was afraid.
The one who pays the bills calls the shots.
You should try not to scratch your mosquito bites.
The person Tom most gets along with is his father.
Are there beautiful women here?
I only work out to look good naked.
Do you have a fever? You look flushed.
Oh, god. It's raining.
On December 15th, 1859, Ludoviko Lazaro was born, the first son. Four other sons and three daughters were to follow later.
He will become the god of gods.
I'm so sorry about yesterday.
Why do you have your umbrella up? It's not raining.
I wonder what he meant by that.
I wonder what she meant by that.
Mary placed her purse on the table.
He brought her flowers.
He brought her chocolate.
He brought her a small gift.
Do you have a fever? Your cheeks are all red.
My mom was very strict, too.
I should be home with my wife.
In he moved to Warsaw with his whole family, and from that time taught German at the Veterinary Institute and at a secondary school.
Tom, who I shared the apartment with, moved out last month.
Tom finally admitted he needed help and checked himself into detox.
The people will decide at the ballot box.
Tom brought Mary a small gift.
Tom bought Mary a small gift.
Tom gave Mary a small gift.
Tom gave Mary something.
Tom bought Mary something.
Tom gave something to Mary.
Tom gave it to me before he died.
I'm looking for Tom now.
I'm not like everybody else.
He fell asleep while driving and caused an accident.
The city was destroyed in the war.
It's too hot inside.
It's too hot indoors.
You're preaching to the converted.
Why didn't you call out to anyone?
I have to buy a new rug for the room.
Hello, my dear, I made two pictures and I want your opinion on them.
Is this really spaghetti?
The children like to watch television.
One must distinguish.
This pizza is disgusting!
Tom, the guy who'd shared my apartment, moved out last month.
Kim lives together with Ken.
We must uphold family traditions.
The students are on holiday.
Where do we come from? Where are we going?
Wise, modest, contemplative, studious, never clamorous, even if a bit stubborn, he always avoided causing distress to anyone.
Thirty years ago, the clock was struck by lightning.
I need to climb the tree.
The goats are in the pen.
The sheep are in the pen.
The pigs are not in the pen.
The farmer entered the pigsty.
Is it true you love salted coffee?
They accompany the children to school.
Let me carry your baggage. You must be tired from the trip and it must be heavy.
Don't believe everything you hear! Don't like everything you see! Don't say everything you know! Don't do everything you want!
"I fixed the computer." "Yeah, right."
"I unlocked the safe." "Yeah, right."
Crocodiles are mysterious animals.
What type of tarantula do you have?
Tom heard a noise and went outside to see what it was.
What do carnations smell like?
Mary's had a string of failed relationships.
We should celebrate Halloween together.
Hello, my dear, I made two pictures in photoshop and I want your opinion on them.
I'm checking for laser beam alarm triggers.
We all are God's sons.
It wouldn't take me so much time to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she could keep a secret.
The trouble with finding love later in life is that the person you fall in love with often comes with emotional baggage.
If drinking is costing you more than money, you should give it up.
It would be remiss of me not to mention the risks involved.
Don't breathe a word of what I've told you to anyone.
I've got a good reason not to like Tom.
We were kids together.
A sense of humour will stand you in good stead in difficult times.
A good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times.
My father is a silent person.
The students should make use of the vocabulary learned.
We took our clothes off and played in the street.
Don't complain, don't explain.
Try to make something cool every day.
When the will is absent, the power disappears.
Can I borrow your mobile phone?
I need to call the embassy.
I would like to call my embassy.
The genome of this virus is unknown.
Mary hasn't washed the dishes.
They worked together to extinguish the fire.
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the cinema but decided to stay at home.
The brakes don't work.
I prefer weak coffee.
He is good at biology.
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?
That will suffice for now.
I married a Polish woman.
I need someone with whom I can converse.
The road that leads to the hotel is narrow.
I assure you, that will not be necessary.
She is doing that only to annoy him.
I have heard that freemasons have a secret handshake.
I was terribly offended.
He had respiratory problems.
A taxi is more comfortable than the bus.
Today, at midday, we shall eat cherries from Italy.
The world is a beautiful place.
He hurried to catch the train.
Let's take a little break and look at the story from a somewhat different angle.
It will not be fine.
There's still some room in the closet.
There's an electric light in the basement as well.
Through the window, I see a river.
I love playing World of Warcraft.
He has a chubby face.
The cow forgot that it once was a calf.
It looks like it'll rain today.
I cannot understand his ideas.
"Waitress, what's this fly doing in my soup?" "Looks to me to be backstroke, sir!"
My mother thinks that caesarian sections are dangerous.
The baby is stuck. A caesarian section is necessary.
Their articles are exceptional, even considering that they have already been very successful.
I'm going to cash in my cheque soon.
It doesn't matter that you don't want to do it; the fact is that you have to.
What is your opinion on the confederate flag?
Which game do you prefer playing, Call of Duty or Battlefield?
Holy macaroni!
The cup will go straight into the pool room.
Mary didn't do the dishes.
He has offended me and called me an ass.
Reader, I married him.
I'm good at coming up with characters and personalities.
You suck at writing code.
You wanted to change it.
Up to minutes.
He will soon leave his parents' home.
Where will this product be used?
How many employees at your company?
He kisses her cheek.
She kisses his cheek.
She wants to go to America.
The bee landed on a flower.
We eat Monterey Jack cheese.
I have seen at least one Kurosawa film.
Don't let it touch.
Tom wondered whether it would be hard to find a job in Boston.
Fill out the questionnaire.
Fill out the registration form.
Peel off for product code.
My question requires a response.
All fields denoted with * are required.
The dogs are white.
Dogs are white.
I have a networked personal computer.
I have a stand-alone personal computer.
I have a laptop.
This apple juice is pure.
It seems to me that someone is spying on me.
Which operating system is used on your computer?
She often drives her father's car.
What was your decision to purchase our product based on?
Check all that apply.
She loves her parents a lot.
My decision was based on a dealer recommendation.
He loves his father a lot.
I had fallen into the water.
We are baking carrot cake.
We know everything about your activity at this location.
Which best describes his actions?
I think she is happy.
I think they are happy.
Place this questionnaire in postage paid envelope.
I thought she was extremely pretty.
When I was very small, we lived in a house in Utsunomiya, about a hundred kilometres north of Tokyo.
You sent the package by plane.
It's the fastest train in the world.
If you had stayed here, you would have had a very good time.
Only Tom would use the purchase of a new TV as an excuse to throw a party.
What did you forget here?
A few months later he left the rock band.
Where were you years ago?
It's a pity.
Catch that person.
Catch him!
What web browser do you like the most?
They love their mother a lot.
Feed that some rice.
Tom shot and killed a bear.
She likes the boy looking at her.
He likes the boy looking at him.
They like the boy looking at them.
You have been chosen.
You cook turkey with pears.
It is not my business.
Everyone wants continuous peace.
You are very busy.
Don't love using words or language, but love by actions and truth.
Tom has been working here more than three years.
I say "I'm Tom".
This heater runs on oil.
This medicine must be taken three times a day.
Tom is wearing new shoes.
Come with me, OK?
He can speak ten languages.
The children are playing under the lime tree.
You probably control it.
It's cold; I have goosebumps.
I am giving you what you want.
He has got used to a new life.
How in the world do you expect me to pay this?
Y'all children are nutheads.
I ain't helping you no matter what.
Sir, I have a request to make.
How do you expect me to pay this?
If you were here, we would bake cookies together.
Love is a bizarre feeling that you cannot express in words.
In summer, the girls usually go swimming either at the river or at the park.
How do you expect me to pay for this?
I am from Skopje.
Her skirt has a slit on one side.
She licked her wound and declared that she was a vampire.
He tore the dress to pieces.
He tore the tent to pieces.
She freaked out when a pigeon flew in.
Yes, I said that murder is a sin, but I never said that sins are wrong.
Stop popping pimples in front of the mirror.
"Don't be like that." "Like what?"
Barley and wheat grow in the fields around the village.
We tend to err.
Error never leaves us.
Remain alert.
I'm not a child anymore.
He fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident.
Tom's room is a real mess.
Tom's room is very messy.
Tom's mother told him to clean his room.
Tom usually cleans his room at least once a week.
How often do you clean your room?
When was the last time you cleaned your room?
The grass is green.
My shirt is orange.
The flower is yellow.
My pants are magenta.
She has a bestseller.
He has a radio show.
There's a button on the inner side of the door.
The wine is in the glass.
The cat is in the bag.
Studies have been conducted on people who habitually consume sugar.
Thanks for noticing.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
He likes reading books.
I like tea more than coffee.
I'd rather see him.
I'd prefer to see him.
I'd prefer to see it.
I'd like to know where I left my umbrella.
Sure, gladly.
Tom made a serious error.
Tom made serious errors.
This is turning out to be a long evening.
I broke my back.
I can't hide you forever.
I'm not guilty! I haven't done anything!
He rolled up his shirt sleeves.
This is not an official matter.
Thick clouds swallowed the airplane.
He left his key on the desk, as he usually did.
There are planets in our solar system: there's Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
Does the customer have his receipt?
Do you have your plane ticket?
I'd like to invite you to my favourite café. It’s a nice, relaxing place with a good vibe.
Suddenly the ground seemed to disappear from beneath my feet.
My breathing got faster and I became tense.
I'm sorry you've gone.
The Spanish language has opened many doors for him.
Yes. The air is very humid.
The spoons are in the glass.
I owe him at least 50,yen.
A mental block stopped me from speaking.
We fast-forwarded the film.
Jones was born in the US.
Tom began a new life.
If nuclear war broke out, mankind would perish.
Every summer, we go camping.
The first step towards dealing with a problem is accepting that it exists.
I'm not able to go down the stairs. Both my legs are broken.
She told the joke with a completely straight face.
These kinds of problems are unavoidable.
Who are you looking for, Tom?
If I remember rightly, we should turn left at the next corner.
The grandparents gave the kitten plenty of milk every day, for which reason it soon grew fat.
It's dangerous to swim at night.
Tom isn't here just now.
It is a true history.
The Nile is a river.
Tom is a Briton.
Before going to bed, I took three pills to stop a cold.
I won't come back here for a long time.
This isn't the right moment. May I call later?
The guests are in the kitchen.
Tom didn't take the warnings against smoking seriously, until much too late.
The seeds of that tree are yellow.
Tom's house has a nice garden.
Are you aware of the link between tobacco smoke and lung cancer?
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Do you suspect me?
"Do you suspect me?" "Should I?"
I can perfectly handle a class of sixty students.
Do you think it impossible for the sky to turn charcoal black?
She has huge debts.
Finally I have contributed 10,sentences, in various languages, to Tatoeba.
"Does your husband walk to work?" - "Yes, he likes walking."
If you want money, I've got a rich husband.
She opened my messages and ignored them deliberately.
You said you would text me in the evening, but you lied, evidently.
The fact that you disappear for weeks with no apparent reason bothers me.
I think that this image is relevant to our discussion from yesterday.
Today, I want to thank God for all that he does for me.
Did you hear the thunder rumbling?
She asked me how long ago my parents died.
That is complicating the matter.
She shouted, but nobody heard her.
Everything is becoming more and more complicated.
I don't know how it happened, but it was obviously meant to be.
We can't be together anymore. It wasn't meant to be.
I can't wait to spend the night with her.
The police found a cartridge case next to the body.
It's right under your nose.
I'll retype it.
A guy with a big mustache started following me.
He said that I have no right to live here, or something to that effect.
Sixty-nine percent of adult Americans are overweight.
If you want to talk to Tom about this, let me know and I'll give you his number.
Galileo Galilei was an Italian astronomer and an important figure in the initial development of the modern sciences. His discoveries contradicted the teachings of the Catholic Church, and Galileo was put on trial for heresy by the Inquisition.
I understood that text.
Tom Jackson's book has been translated into many languages.
Tom Jackson's books have been translated into many languages.
Some people believe that Galileo was the first person who built a telescope. While this is not true, he was the first person who published his observations of astronomical objects through a telescope.
Tom told Mary to leave me alone.
Tom told Mary to leave him alone.
I forgot to tell Tom.
I know Tom's sister.
I know that you still love Tom.
Did Tom kiss you?
Did you really kiss Tom?
Did you kiss Tom?
You're a lot prettier than Mary.
Mary's boyfriend is older than she is.
Galileo discovered that the Milky Way is made of many stars and that the Moon has hills. He discovered four moons in orbit around Jupiter, which are now known as the Galilean satellites.
He also discovered sunspots, the dark areas of the Sun. He saw that the planet Venus has light and dark phases just like the Moon. These discoveries provided empirical information that proved that the Sun is at the center of the Solar System, as Nicholas Copernicus had predicted.
How much does your Swiss watch cost?
I also still love her.
I did a good job.
Tom told us to wait.
We need to try to get everybody inside the house.
He couldn't get his trousers off.
Tom recognized her handwriting.
That's absurd!
They bottled the beer.
They bottled the wine.
Tom recognized Mary's handwriting.
Fine, you don't have to.
Don't forget to drink plenty of water.
Take a nap if you're tired.
I saw you in the newspaper today.
Tom said he didn't understand anything.
I didn't really mean that.
I didn't really mean what I said.
I think I'm going to learn a lot from you.
Please get out of my car.
Like us on Facebook!
I can't recall a good way to get there.
They are within earshot.
They have reached a deadlock.
They were cuddling on the couch.
I'll give it to Tom tomorrow.
This root vegetable is high on nutrients.
This dog breed has very special markings.
It doesn't necessarily mean that you're right.
There were no signs of life.
It had never crossed her mind.
It might seem a little odd, but it's actually quite normal.
The deadlock was inevitable.
Tom seems to be very rich.
You're really quite stupid.
You shouldn't need to compromise with your conscience.
Is Tom still at work?
He drinks only for the sake of getting drunk.
He had a silly smile on his face the whole evening.
He has achieved very good results.
The bug has been fixed.
He messed it up.
He stumbled on the stump.
He stumbled but quickly got up on his feet again.
He stepped into the room arms crossed.
Tom told me he wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me he wasn't hungry.
Tom told me he wasn't busy.
Do you have a perforator?
Tom told me he wasn't going to be at school tomorrow.
Have you turned the lights off yet?
I don't have time to help you now.
The big toe on my right foot hurts.
Tom and Mary don't get along.
Her admirable creative urge rubs off on other people.
She was brutally murdered.
She broke the silence.
She dived into the pool.
She felt dazed.
She walked towards us with a smile on her face.
She stiffened up.
On the whole I agree with you.
I'm having a good time here in Boston.
Yes, in the narrowest sense of the word.
I wake up at six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I must have eaten something bad.
I can feel that something is wrong.
I often long to get away.
Something hit her and sent her sprawling to the ground.
Aren't you going to eat?
The next morning he found a handwritten letter in the letterbox.
Teflon griddles are nearly unusable.
The sauce got burnt and stuck to the bottom of the pan.
The school lies in that direction.
Stop harassing me!
Stop that nonsense.
Urban sprawl and chaos create many planning problems.
Tom hurt himself on a rusty nail.
How about ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert?
We will have to postpone the meeting.
The end is the beginning of the impossible.
Would you like a dash of milk in your tea?
The queue to the fitting rooms was winding through the store.
Houston is a huge, sprawling city.
She got a proper telling-off.
He was late for the job interview.
Were you nervous during the job interview?
It seems downright impossible.
Splendid!
Sooner or later he will drive me mad.
Swedish verbs are generally divided into four conjugations.
Swedish nouns are generally divided into five declensions.
The bird was sitting in the tree wagging its tail.
He walks on crutches.
I don't think the birds "know" they ought to space themselves out evenly.
The "population pressure" evens them out.
He investigated in the hope of finding some useful general features.
This stage bogs down in a state of hopeless confusion.
This gives the subconscious mind a chance to mull over the original problem.
Even if all it manages is to get part way, it will "tap you on the shoulder" and alert you to its conclusions.
It is worth quoting one famous section of his essay.
It's really unfortunate.
The road turns a bit to the west.
For fifteen days I strove to prove that.
I think I added too much sugar.
This letter was written in great haste and contains many errors.
Mrs Ligno was a very good cook.
They shouldn't intervene in the internal affairs of another state.
Did you know that Mary killed Tom?
He has eyes in the back of his head.
It is our custom to visit Japan in October.
He is poor as a church mouse.
"I knew she was a 'troublemaker'," Rebecca muttered.
Unfortunately those beautiful words are not my own.
There is a new flu bug going around.
I had my brother clean my room.
Now that I've got you, I don't need anyone else.
What Tom doesn't know about cars isn't worth knowing.
Tom forced us to leave.
Bus ticket, handbag, and children's playground are examples of compound nouns.
You can't do whatever you like.
In this tree, there is an apple on every limb.
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution.
A person who likes flowers can't be evil.
Open your eyes, people!
It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the Venezuelan accent.
Could you tell me your name and your number?
What is your marital status?
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.
Learn to enjoy reading.
I can write what I want in my diary.
My parents said it's bad luck to walk on your knees.
Right now, all I want to do is cry.
Tom is British.
While I was standing there hesitating, a group of soldiers entered the restaurant, maybe eight or nine young men.
Friendship is the salt of life.
Outside the house, at the street corner, the same old group of young men were standing with their hands in their pockets.
In this article you will learn how to translate the untranslatable.
A group of Catholic esperantists listened to him in St Peter's Square.
How easy is it to learn English?
How can I learn English easily?
A forest is not just trees, not even a collection of trees, but a dense stand of woodland covering a vast area.
According to the makers of the Oxford English Dictionary, there are over 800,words in the English language.
I will write a review of that book.
The photo shows a group of the congress participants.
Are you freaking crazy or just plain stupid?
A small group of men appeared at the corner.
I see that you are really very busy.
That time we were just a few men in the middle of a group of gorillas.
Night was already giving way to the first glimmers of day when Tom finally emerged from the forest.
Every time I go out, I forget something. Always!
How long have you worked in this place?
For how long have you been working here?
A few steps behind them came another group of people, illumined by a torch.
Would you like to come here and see a film?
She's probably very busy.
They are afraid to fly.
If I were you, I would trust him.
I don't want to listen to your explanations.
Tom started a new job today.
Children played in the garden.
Parliament decided to put the decision in the hands of the people.
Complete the questionnaire.
That stinks of cheese.
I must go to work.
I'm growing carnations for next month.
I will quote you a passage from one of those letters.
There below lies Germany, which was formerly covered by a very dense network of railways and canals.
You must not let any of it remain until the morning.
The priest will take some of the blood.
"What kind of bouquet would you like?" "I would like a bunch of roses!"
The next train for the airport will depart from platform two.
Does the set of all sets that do not contain themselves contain itself?
Our boss wants us to maintain a calls log.
What's the intention?
Tom stroked his chin in thought.
Tom is ambidextrous and can use his right hand equally as well as his left.
When I was at school, left-handed kids were forced to write right-handed.
Less than one percent of the population is truly ambidextrous, that is, they have no dominant hand.
The cause of the fire is yet unknown.
I'm going to leave one night earlier than I had planned to.
For what reason are you learning English?
I love learning other languages.
We'll have dinner when you get home.
The nun is fine, but I liked the other one more.
How much does the cake cost?
I like your village.
First of all, you have no right to make conclusions. Second of all, your argument was based on an invalid assumption.
You want to buy books.
An interesting question remained unanswered.
The forest is filled with dangerous creatures, including beasts, snakes, poisonous insects, and whatnot.
She kept blabbering about how her boyfriend is kind, compassionate, brave, and whatnot.
Is Yana a computer programmer?
Bell peppers generally have a sweet taste.
Tatoeba is ill. It got Tom, a highly infectious virus.
If you skip my classes, I'll kill you.
It's quite clear to me that this is the truth.
The European Games took place in Baku.
My swimsuit is too tight.
Kosovo will participate in the Olympic Games 2016.
Synchronised swimming is a beautiful sport for girls and women.
What time shall we meet tomorrow?
The men drew their swords from their scabbards.
The nurse is busy washing scalpels now.
She's having tea with her scone.
The owl gave a loud screech.
Two girls played on the seesaw.
Nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, articles, prepositions, conjunctions, and interjections are the parts of speech in English.
Give me back my wallet.
He told me he is leaving tomorrow.
Do you know how to differentiate between poison ivy and poison oak plants?
This month's salary was 200,yen.
I don't find the formula.
I don't find a formula.
We celebrate our Independence Day on the Fourth of July.
You know I'm innocent, don't you?
Why are you jealous of me?
I am angry with myself because I considered someone like you.
You gave me your word but you broke your promise, right?
I overpowered them.
You know who they are, right?
Do you really think I will forgive you?
One day you will have to pay your debt.
I already knew I am a blue blood.
Do you know what's going on there?
He is very meticulous in his work.
Do you think I still love her?
If I wanted to kill you, I could kill you.
They also found you and your family, right?
You won't be killed but you will suffer very much.
My cat is hungry.
Are you fucking crazy or just stupid?
He wants to become a teacher.
She is being chased by a coyote.
Foremost politicians of three nations expressed their grave concern concerning the consequences of military operations in south-eastern Ukraine.
She was kind to everybody.
We will play against Minami High School tomorrow.
It's the peak of the summer holiday season.
He seemed surprised by the question.
She seemed surprised by the question.
You did, didn't you?
I didn't kiss him. He kissed me.
I'll ask just in case. What are you trying to do?
We can have a drink before we go to the restaurant.
Don't pull another rope.
My four-year-old son likes composing little melodies on the piano.
Know that you're not scaring me.
That makes you tear out your hair.
We'll all go there together.
This dog bites.
They talk fast.
I do nothing.
Her mother's death unburdened her.
Why was money invented?
Wouldn't that make you tear your hair out?
In the evening, we drank sugarcane juice.
The next day, I bought a jackfruit.
He does everything at the last moment.
He leaves everything to the last minute.
When you die, I will be happy.
When you die, you will begin to see more.
Help came too late.
That doesn't sound very convincing, but I believe you.
Convictions are prisons.
His halfhearted apology could barely satisfy anyone.
I've lost my interest in living.
I don't want to live anymore.
The God who gave us life, gave us morality at the same time.
If you do that to me, I will cut your throat.
Lenin was sent into Russia by the Germans in the same way that you might send a phial containing a culture of typhoid or cholera to be poured into the water supply of a great city, and it worked with amazing accuracy.
Do you know anything about the Jackson family?
I hope you will be killed before long.
Don't worry, everything is all right.
Everything is ok. Don't worry.
Is everything OK between us?
Please read it again.
I'll write to you soon.
I wanted to impress her.
Open those doors!
It hurts tremendously here.
I haven't yet made up my mind.
In which car of the train is the seat you reserved?
Don't forget your ticket!
His shame prevented him from doing that.
About a thousand tons of flour are exported every year.
Many participants on the course don't have the courage to say even a few words in the language they are learning. What is the reason for that?
They pushed him out of the window.
I'll choose this one.
Keep focused on your work.
There isn't much milk left in the bottle.
Allow one hour to reach the airport.
I deceived her.
I misled him.
The Japanese language has many distinctive characteristics.
Tom is able to play football.
In my opinion, he is not up to the job.
Let me try that.
The problem will eventually solve itself.
I'm waiting my turn.
Tom believed that nothing bad could happen to him.
Are you ten?
I always said that your mobile never worked well.
When will your parents get home?
The more we learn, the more we realise that we don't know much.
Tom brushed the snow from his overcoat.
I'm not sure if that was meant as a compliment or as an insult.
Do you also know how to count in Italian?
Tom repaired his clock.
Tom fixed his clock.
Tom pocketed the money.
I often played truant.
What use is a glass, if you don't have anything to pour into it?
Don't blame me, Tom.
Even she doesn't understand me.
Your father is quite tall.
He said that he regretted his decision.
Tom probably didn't notice that Mary was there.
We had lunch early.
Tom was struck down by a heart attack.
He's really an expert in his field.
She did that intentionally and with premeditation.
That is a direct and deliberate lie.
His thick black wavy hair was swept back with deliberate carelessness.
But when the pharaoh announced his intention to go out into the garden, they did not object.
Monday is a bank holiday.
Yes, you are right, young lady. My real intention was to ask you for the next dance.
I have the best and most honourable intentions.
But I assure you, that is not my intention.
I am deliberately speaking loudly.
To protect your head, you need to wear a helmet.
If a major earthquake occurs, a siren will sound.
I have nowhere to sleep. Can I crash on your sofa?
This door is opened only from outside.
I am trying to live.
He told me that he had received a lot of phone calls.
That's why some veterans never wanted to talk about the war.
Many people are on vacation.
Your battery power is low.
Your battery is running low.
Your battery is low.
Our professor is always on time for his class.
They pitched their tent on the beach.
They pitched their tents on the beach.
"She's a unique person." - "Every person is unique."
Beauty doesn't say anything about the character of a person.
We renovated a house.
Work makes everything possible.
Tom was listening to black metal.
Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band.
Candlemass is an influential Swedish doom metal band.
The United States has still got nuclear weapons.
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of the USA and Israel.
There is no chosen nation on Earth.
They found Tom guilty, right?
Find Charles and kill him.
I look forward to the day I'll settle up with you.
I'm not angry with any of you, except Tom.
She had scarcely started reading the book, when someone knocked at the door.
Should we forgive our enemies? God will forgive them! Our task is simply to make sure they meet.
I reckon something scared him.
With all that noise, I couldn't sleep last night.
Perhaps my explanation sounds strange.
You ought to tell Tom that you don't like doing that.
You'd have to have rocks in your head not to take advantage of this offer.
The whole secret in prolonging his life lay in not shortening it.
Eat, while it's still hot.
You don't leave me much choice, do you?
I don't like it when the boundaries between work and free-time get blurred.
Our supplies won't last for ever.
Tom practised his speech in front of the mirror.
Check if the gas tap is closed.
I'll send you a copy of that picture as soon as possible.
It was Tom who gave me the painting hung on the chimney.
The development of the personal computer has revolutionised the way people work, the way they live, and the way they interact with each other.
I can do that in a week.
Have you taken out a subscription to any magazine?
Yet again, Gilbert is not on time.
Come and celebrate Canada day with a fun-filled evening of live music and dance performances, family activities and spectacular fireworks.
The church is situated on the edge of town.
More than 30,people braved the rain and cold to attend the Canada Day parade.
They didn't settle the bill.
After a short while, he began to talk nonsense.
I can employ you in my business.
He went home on foot.
How much can change in a single day!
The sun shines also at night.
All this is new to me.
I spent some time in India.
I'll do the dishes, since you cooked.
Did you stop at the red traffic light?
Can you see anything missing?
She peeled him an apple.
Tom and Mary are not talking to one another.
Look, that's the strangest group of prisoners I've ever seen.
Didn't you hear me call?
You washed the dishes.
Did we order in advance?
Did we make a reservation?
I didn't know that Tom speaks French.
I loved the book.
Someone has stolen Tom's guitar.
We are no longer living in the stone age.
I don't want to talk about that here.
We asked Mary why she was crying.
He left the house without even saying goodbye.
This won't make the matter any easier.
Tom is the only one who knows what's going on.
Scientists claim that people who laugh more have a longer life than those that have been hit by a truck.
The people sought truth in every nook and cranny, and it was there between them that the truth was crushed.
The rainwater evaporates on a hot day.
Peter is a night owl.
We need to work more intensively and effectively.
Step by step, he descends the stairs.
A life of solitude isn't necessarily entirely disadvantageous.
I frighten easily.
Maria prefers to withdraw with a book to someplace.
Tom is a ruffian.
Stop obsessing over that.
Mary took her pistol and fired.
He has a unibrow.
Shave off your unibrow.
He's self-conscious because of his unibrow.
I'm never happier than when I'm by myself.
Tell me your impression of this book.
You swore that you loved me.
There are three people in the picture.
In the picture, there are three people who can be identified by name.
We can't promise anything.
Mary turned her attention to Tom's comment.
Did you go in costume this year?
Are you going in costume this year?
Why are you going in costume this year?
Why are you going in costume?
I don't feel like going in costume this year.
He's not a saint. He just looks like one.
Gilbert is late yet again.
This bag is too heavy.
We're grateful to you for what you did.
We're grateful for what you did.
Seedlings are young plants.
Buds can develop into flowers or leaves.
The roots connect the tree to the ground.
That's enough for the time being.
The branches come out of the trunk of the tree.
He's an expert on the subject.
By the way, he's already at the office.
Thursday morning is great for all of us.
Dear friends, many thanks for the birthday wishes.
I always admired her openly.
This sentence refers to itself.
I'm sick of your crass hints.
I'm sick of your hints.
Is there a MacDonald's around here?
He was born on the 28th July 1888.
He has a daughter who is very beautiful.
He retired at 65.
Tom hadn't cleaned his keyboard for months, and it was clogged with dust, food particles, and God knows what else.
I will give a bunch of flowers to my girlfriend.
Were you with my father today?
Better a small gain than a great loss.
Tell me your password and I'll tell you mine.
Mary wasn't sure if she was dreaming or if all this was a reality.
Today it's sunny but cold.
Please send me a letter once you arrive.
I'm worried about the exam results.
John's grandmother died after a long illness.
When did they introduce potatoes to Japan?
Since it was a fine day, I went for a walk.
Your share is twenty dollars.
Perhaps it will be all the same to him.
His suggestions are completely useless.
Tom went to buy dog food.
A shame that you don't know that.
She was standing near him.
I told you that this would become tiresome.
Come back in a year's time!
He sat himself down on a bench in the shade.
If all goes smoothly, I can make two or three pieces a day.
If something strange happens, press the red starter-button.
I would rather go there by bike than walk.
The air is very thin at the top of a high mountain.
Don't praise yourself!
Don't blow your own trumpet.
Even today, in many village schools of our republic they are teaching no foreign languages; for lack of teachers.
Put him in a psychiatric hospital!
I can't function in the morning.
My eyes don't work very well anymore.
He is an atheist.
We've lost faith in humanity.
I don't care if he has twenty girlfriends.
I'm so happy to finally be back home.
Tom lost hope.
One cannot be successful if one does not work hard.
Nobody knocks on my door.
We just found them.
Success means much money, doesn't it?
Is this your doing or just a coincidence?
We got carried away with our conversation.
He sneezed and covered himself with snot.
He shooed the cat.
Stop shooing the chickens.
Don't shoo me as though I were a dog.
He shooed the goose away and closed the door.
The heteronormative propaganda made me uncomfortable.
What's the point of fighting heteronormativity with more heteronormativity?
They're such a heteronormative family.
It'd be better if you didn't come today.
Heteronormativity is closely linked to sexism.
I don't know; he appears to be a heteronormative jerk.
If you go out wearing that little you will catch a cold.
Thank you for yesterday.
"Has the rain stopped?" "No, it's still raining."
Excuse me but may I ask for your name and contact information?
Tom's whole face shows what he is thinking.
Tom is refreshing, honest and a good young man.
Can I have your name and telephone number?
All traitors of the fatherland will be punished.
Wingless insects are less scary than winged ones.
Can you die of sinusitis?
Chemical vapors can make you really sick.
The ship, covered in thick fog, set sail at dawn.
I skimmed the simmering soup with a skimmer.
One can win several battles but lose the war.
Tom took early retirement on health grounds.
Tom didn't suspect a thing.
Tom's pretty quick on the uptake.
The discovery of inadequate infection control protocols in several dental clinics has given rise to fears that patients may have been infected with HIV or hepatitis.
Validating an angry client's feelings is an effective way of defusing the situation.
Tom got a lucky break.
There is no lack of effort.
Let forgiveness come and wash away everything I have done.
Is she pregnant or just fat?
My watch was stolen last night.
I'm not finding the equation.
I can't find the equation.
When he saw me naked, he burst out laughing.
The walls stand bare and silent. They do not speak the language of the heart.
When she saw me naked, she burst out laughing.
By tomorrow, we'll know who won the elections.
Yes, I understand!
He spends money like water.
Do you know the secret of a long life?
They called the psychiatrist and asked what they should do.
He won a free trip to Tunis.
I'm looking for a children's book.
The army was in retreat.
The monks were on retreat.
Is your bitch on heat?
I need a socket.
I need an electrical outlet.
You'll share the cookies with Jim, okay?
The plane landed in the ocean.
I ate Chinese steamed pork dumplings for lunch.
He's rich enough to buy two cars.
All visitors are subject to inspection.
All electronic devices must be checked with the guard.
We have a visitor this afternoon.
I haven't played Monopoly since I finished college.
I fell against the radiator.
The organist was elderly.
The old man became childish before his death.
No one likes him because he is a liar.
He started acting in a childish manner.
He's my underling.
That's why no one wants to work with you.
I don't worry about my spelling - I rather go for speed typing.
Mr. Goat Butt never told me there would be a partner.
You are a fast learner.
Five times two equals ten.
It was two months ago that I arrived in Tokyo.
Please don't mistake my meaning.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than me.
Tom feels he offended Mary, and that's why she's not here.
The mucous membrane is very sensitive.
"Why did you break my vase?" "Tit for tat."
This custom was recently introduced in our everyday life.
I'll give you mine. I don't like it anyway.
The old woman authorized her caretaker to manage her credit cards.
"What are you doing?" "I'm vegetating."
I'd rather die now than vegetate for fifty more years.
Stop vegetating on the couch.
When I heard that, I was mortified.
I've still got a lot to learn.
Tom's memory's getting worse as he gets older.
I'm surprised you couldn't remember that.
"Are you single?" "Of course I am. Who would have me?"
Tom knows there isn't much he can do about it.
Tom knew there wasn't much he could do about it.
Tom knows there won't be much he'll be able to do about it.
Tom's a master of the one-liner.
Never ask for anything! Never for anything, and especially from those who are stronger than you. They'll make the offer themselves, and give everything themselves!
I'm the stay-at-home type.
Thanks to your help, I was successful.
I like chives in my soup, but not in my salad.
I don't say nasty things about their children.
Courage is a wonderful trait.
An important characteristic of steel is its strength.
We see so much advertised about happiness, but practically speaking, we see so few happy people.
He grabbed the letter out of my hand.
He tore off his shirt.
The horseman is headless.
People don't like to hear the truth because they are not prepared to have their illusions shattered.
He uses an old-fashioned razor, with shaving cream, for a closer shave.
He removed his fur jacket downstairs, went up, and knocked lightly on the door.
You can ask me anything you like.
It's pouring with rain.
You must learn to type to use a computer.
Beekeepers believe that GM crops adversely affect the health of their bees.
We repress the fact that we eat animals rather than barcoded containers from the supermarket.
Tom came second.
The wind blew the trees over.
"The woman with the breast qualifications got the job" is an example of a Freudian slip.
We woke to terrible news this morning.
It is said that the silversmiths of that town ate silver due to extreme poverty.
"Which is the biggest among the Brazilian cities?" "The biggest city in Brazil is Sao Paulo".
The car screeched to a halt just in time.
Nothing's going to change my love for you.
Don't you want to walk?
Why are you so morose?
Mary clobbered Tom with a skillet.
Give me yours. You don't need it anymore.
End violence; pursue peace.
The sheep is white with black rings around her eyes.
Yesterday, my aunt regained her sight.
I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
A developed perception of linguistic beauty is still lacking in her.
She still lacks an evolved perception for the beauty of language.
He outshouted his classmates.
The body was found under the overpass.
He was thrown off the overpass onto the road below.
Stop dissing me in front of Mary.
People with low self-esteem can't handle being dissed.
He bought the steelworks.
There is a steelworks beside the river.
A peacemaker was summoned.
The tribe wasn't delighted about the advent of the peacemaker.
This sentence is a mess. Was it written by a foreigner?
That's a redundant, caustic question.
Close your eyes when you listen to music.
Give egg so that you receive ox.
You can answer me whenever you like.
I don't talk to people of your kind.
The tablets are swallowed with water.
Tom worked his fingers to the bone.
Disable the alarm.
You always leave your bike filthy.
You always leave your bikes filthy.
For me, every Finnish sentence is a tongue-twister.
You can ask me about anything you want to know.
I'm going to travel to Russia tomorrow.
Only one of the keys will unlock the door.
Tom didn't ring me like he said he would.
Preparing a room for painting is the most important step in the process.
Whose cell phone is this?
The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.
Impossible!
I am learning in a classical school.
We have often traveled to Tokyo.
We often have traveled to Tokyo.
We have often been to Tokyo.
Careful! Someone could hear us!
The U.S. has won FIFA's Women's World Cup.
Tom likes to do things his own way.
The president will issue a statement tomorrow.
We met in an inn.
The wedding was moved.
I want to go faster.
I have not given them anything.
I learn in a classical school.
The sheets were changed yesterday.
It was very difficult to swim against the current.
I believe in ethics, and if everybody believes in ethics we'd have no problems at all. That's the only way out, forget the religious side.
The blue whale is the largest animal of all time.
Yesterday, I put honey in my tea.
String instruments are romantic.
I overslept so I was late to school.
I'll wash the dishes once again.
Photography of this area is prohibited.
The house has icicles on it.
There is no logical reason for this.
I can't cope with this task.
At first they try to ignore you, then they start to laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
I have no name.
Smoked herring is called buckling.
"Are you busy right now?" "One moment, I am coming immediately."
Tom was five years old when I talked with him last time.
You are the only person that I know here in Boston.
I hope that this will help us.
The pork is diced and fried.
I'm searching for food.
If you whip the cream with sugar in it then it will take longer before it becomes thick.
Every man must die.
Every person must die.
The children are not playing in the living room, but rather in the yard.
We do not sell alcoholic drinks or cigarettes to people under the age of eighteen.
Dogs are forbidden.
Yes, so?
How many flowers do you buy?
How many flowers are you buying?
The white ball weighs as much as the red one.
We had lost the overview a long time ago.
I am certain that we will find a solution.
I am sure that we will find a solution.
Too many books to read is a good thing.
A swan is gliding toward the reeds.
My knowledge about Japanese is not that good yet.
I don't remind them of their debts.
He looked to the right and to the left.
He looked right and left.
He displayed a great deal of patience.
He showed a lot of patience.
A stop sign tells motorists to stop before a crosswalk at an intersection.
A stop sign instructs drivers to stop before a crosswalk at an intersection.
A pedestrian needs to cross the street at a crosswalk.
My bladder is bursting.
On May 30, we will know the results of the election.
Today we still don't know who won the election.
I wish we had enough money.
Are they the people you saw yesterday?
The native people were forced off their land.
Tom fell off his pony.
Another glass of beer, please.
The city is full of tourists.
I have given every child three candies.
He took this photo.
The motor is not running well.
Nothing is more unhealthy than being sick.
He quickly confessed everything.
She quickly confessed everything.
I'll see as I walk along.
It is very important to master English in short time.
Why don't we order the pizza?
Tom is a friend of my friend's.
I'd like to be a graduate student through the test after graduation.
Isn't he the graduate student of the University of Rome?
Since it is the oval track, the distance between the planets and the sun differs at times.
The tourists visit the museum.
Some prominent tennis players behave like spoiled brats.
Studies say that true happiness comes from giving back, not from material things.
I usually don't bother with people like him.
Tom's no good at small talk, and finds it hard meeting new people.
Tom saw the party as a good networking opportunity.
The removal of the load-bearing beam compromised the structure of the building.
Don't put the knife in your mouth.
The baby is putting the rattle in its mouth.
To hell with the facts.
Come over to the house.
I'll fire at you.
I don't like sand.
I need fish.
Math scares me.
Those were his last words.
You need to smell the roses.
I hate him, too.
I hate her, too.
My boyfriend wears a wrist band.
I have no son.
If you want to find peace, you must suppress arrogance, avarice and ambition of power.
There are people who speak of wisdom with no clue of what respect is.
Tom may be a great player, but Brian Boitano is even greater.
It's not googleable.
There is a possibility of my getting killed.
I won't follow you.
I won't do anything.
What I like and what I don't is not important.
The air here is awful.
The girl saw it, too.
I noticed with delight that the film credits showed the names of Tom and Mary as producer and director, respectively.
There's a possibility that I'll get killed.
You need to stop and smell the roses.
I don't choose you.
Some men are as naïve as infants.
Take this medicine. You'll soon feel better.
There were many cute dalmatians in the pet shop.
They do not want any more food because they are full.
Your desserts are tempting, but we are full.
Come on, Tom, bust him up!
The rain gauge is broken.
The pluviometer is broken.
The pluviograph is broken.
There was no counterevidence.
The policeman discovered counterevidence.
She got wet when he started caressing her breasts.
They didn't accept the counterproposal.
He grafted a pear on the quince.
The hawthorn tree was tall.
Finish the cigarette and then come inside.
I would like it if we had more money.
I gave tree candies to every child.
He took this picture.
Why can't we have pizza?
Usually I don't pay attention to people like him.
I don't have any son.
It could be a trap. Don't let your guard down.
Tom doesn't really understand French.
Tom doesn't know how the computer works.
Tom doesn't get the situation.
What is my prize?
What is so special?
What is your biggest fear?
What is Tom's problem?
The children are singing around the campfire.
Tom won't come. He's too busy.
Tom won't come. He's very busy.
This mystery is solved.
I should be back in two to three weeks.
Health is not just the absence of illness or disease.
Mary felt good after a dose of retail therapy.
Generally speaking, men find it more difficult to talk about their feelings than women.
Men are more likely than women to turn to risky behaviour when depressed.
I need a knife to cut watermelons.
The animal is eating.
I start speaking.
He is drawing.
He is playing.
The flower is beautiful.
One of the bittersweet experiences in language learning is that, eventually, you find out that the lyrics of some of the songs you used to love so much are plain silly or offensive.
I want to practice to write in Icelandic.
And when would the EU have reacted?
Everyone expresses his opinion.
It was not supposed to happen.
My mother taught me to always look both left and right before crossing the street.
My mother taught me to always look both to the left and to the right before crossing the street.
I gave each child three pieces of candy.
He has ample experience.
You still don't have enough experience.
I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I find it hard to express my feelings in words.
I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I don't have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't have enough money to pay this month's rent.
I wish I had enough money to buy a house like that.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything you asked me to buy.
Grr! I'm itchy all over, and it's driving me crazy.
Is that even a word?
This soccer match is full of energetic and splendid competition.
Do you know how to dive?
Do you guys like writing?
He's tired after his German lesson.
She can't be any more than twenty years old.
The president was nice enough to respond to my letter.
It's a great honor to know her.
The president was nice, and replied to my letter.
For precisely that reason, many works have been translated from all kinds of languages into Esperanto.
The book is in the room.
The weather today is wonderful.
A census was performed in 2005.
She could not have done such a thing.
"Gangnam Style" is the most-watched video on YouTube.
The opposition party claimed that approving the bill by a vote late at night was a political ploy.
Tom wouldn't have done something like that.
I made a scary mask in art class.
I made a frightening mask in art class.
I forgot my pencil case at home.
The notebooks should be put in a drawer.
We're playing with the computer.
We're playing on the computer.
You are very cute kids.
You are very cute children.
You are very cute boys.
You need to look in all directions before crossing the street, even at a crosswalk when the light is green.
I'm married to Laurie.
I'm married to Lori.
I'm engaged to Laurie.
I'm engaged to Lori.
Tom didn't have the right tools for the job.
Which do you prefer, raisins, prunes or dates?
At least Russians have died this year taking selfies.
Russia has just launched a new public safety campaign called "Safe Selfies".
Many Russians have been killed while taking photos of themselves with their phones.
My feet are always cold.
This picture was taken by him.
We have enough food.
Tom is responding well to the treatment.
Tom is responding well to the new treatment.
My brother got more Christmas presents than me.
My sister got more Christmas presents than me.
Squirrels are quick learners.
He looked left and right.
Tom looked through all his desk drawers, but he still couldn't find what he was looking for.
Don't block the driveway.
You shouldn't park in front of a fire hydrant.
Where were they born?
You stand up and close the door.
My dog is shedding its coat.
My cat is shedding hair.
Those who know nothing but the countryside have no sense of countryside, and those who have not set foot outside the city do not know what a city really is.
Being a pervert, his delight at staining an example sentence with his sperm for the 100th time will stay with him.
In Japan, even the whites who spoke Japanese fluently were not dealt with as Japanese.
Is thinking, 'I want to drink the blood of the person I came to like,' actually that strange?
Your big sis will show you.
Isn't it embarrassing going shopping for clothes with your mother even as a university student?
Can't you also use this website sort of like Twitter?
Why is it that we're still here?
Though Tom went to the salon, it would have been better if he'd hurried back.
How long do you intend to keep complaining?
If you want, I can come back.
I'm quitting smoking.
On both sides of the road there are cherry trees.
This rope is sturdy.
They intend to attack.
I should have said that.
If you go out so lightly dressed, you'll catch a cold.
Can you wait about an hour?
I like both watching and playing sports.
When would you have time to come over and help me move my piano?
Between friends all is common.
I'm speaking with the principal.
There are cherry trees on both sides of the street.
Tom had no right to treat Mary like he did.
At first blush, Tom's suggestion seemed feasible.
Tom struggled to justify what he'd done.
Tom ran off like a coward.
Don't let outsiders in. We've only got food and water for us.
I've been all over Europe.
I've been all over town looking for Tom.
I've been all over the place.
Maintain a healthy state of mind.
It can only be her.
As long as they're not doing it in public, let 'em go for it.
Masturbation leads to insanity.
All houses are supposed to be habitable.
The name of Tom's wife is Mary and his son's is Horace.
I am twelve years old.
The kid kept all of his coins in a piggy bank.
The kid kept all of his money in a piggy bank.
You had better not stay up too late.
We only have enough food and water for three days.
We only have enough food to feed three people.
I slept in, so I was late to school.
If it is even possible, translating jokes is quite hard.
Little by little, I am learning kanji.
Could you recommend a good book?
When first year students write compositions, shouldn't they leave spaces between words?
Kick! Kick!
Does Meiji University have a medical school?
I spent a one month holiday in Japan and it was wonderful.
While I am gone, please don't forget to feed my cat and water the plants.
I was thinking that Tom could be a vegetarian. He had a cabbage roll.
I felt for Tom, who was away from home, when he said in a lonely voice, "It doesn't snow here."
Tom unintentionally expressed his feelings, but did not let me know what he was thinking.
Today I passed a person on the street wearing a refreshing fragrance.
Coming home having accomplished his task, Tom appeared larger.
Tom walked with his shoulder into the wind.
Oh, there is a sun shower.
I wish the world would change so people did not have to work.
On my days off I do things like go to the movies, lounge around in cafes, and cook.
As a hobby, I like to travel places I have never been to before both inside and outside of the country.
In my second year of employment, I work for an IT firm.
I spend my days off doing things like looking after my nephew and going out to eat with friends.
I like all kinds of movies except horror.
Friend me on Facebook. Huh, what's that? Really, so you don't do Facebook? You must not have any friends. That's terrible.
Where should these documents be submitted?
If mankind does not put an end to war, war will put an end to mankind.
The heavier, the better.
If we don't do it, who will? If not now, when?
She looked at the man.
This is a robbery!
I'll be waiting to read about you in newspapers.
I'll be waiting to see you on television.
Make no mistake, the feeling is mutual.
What is her older sister's name?
What is his older sister's name?
Where's the mirror?
Kyoto is a remarkably beautiful city.
There's no point in you meeting them, since you don't have much to offer.
What the hell is going on?
That's what I think happened.
They never gave up.
I don't know who did that to Tom.
We followed Mary.
What hotel will you be staying at?
I'm hungry this late at night?!
Lately Tom hasn't been paying me any attention.
At the foot of the mountain, the fields stretched far and wide and in these fields the cherry blossoms were in bloom, giving off a sweet scent.
There once was a little spirit that the children loved. Usually in the forest he would sing his songs and play the flute and mess about with the birds and other such beasts. At times he would come out to the village where the people lived and play with the children he liked.
Give me back my youth!
Who are you going to send that to?
Let me think it over a bit.
Give me a little time to think it over.
How much is this ring?
The program ended at 7:p.m.
Bring your computer.
The best before date is days past, but it's probably good, right?
My grandmother on my father's side has turned one hundred.
I think you're both right.
I think both of them are right.
This is his car.
I like raspberries.
In America, cars drive on the right side of the road.
In case of an emergency, what number should I call?
About how much money do you need?
I would like to book a room.
You have to decide.
Someone has to say the magic word.
Which do you like more: tea or coffee?
I feel a deep affection for you.
Are you sure they can do that?
Whenever and wherever I traveled with her, the people there thought she was my sister. Some even thought she was my daughter.
It has been raining severely since this morning. That's why I don't want to go anywhere.
They lived a very happy married life.
They married, had a family and lived happily all their lives.
You should do anything that is necessary to be happy.
I don't believe anything I haven't seen with my own eyes.
The only problem here is that there isn't anybody to translate these documents.
You can be sure I will not hurt you but you should know I will not forgive you.
The more you travel, the more you learn.
After the junction take the motorway.
When will your new novel be published?
He doesn't even care that I'm here.
He even thought I lied.
If you have any suggestions, I would be happy to hear them.
Don't be surprised. You know very well what I'm talking about.
What's the point of your question?
There's no point talking to you, because you won't do as I say anyway.
Tom got right to the point.
He worked as a congressman and a senator.
Stand up for me.
What is your parents' nationality?
Don't you want to go on foot?
And so they didn't marry and they lived happily until the end of their lives.
If I start eating potato chips, I can't stop.
I'm not interested in hearing any of your theories.
If you can lend some money it will be much appreciated.
We stayed in Boston for about a week.
Jump down.
Jump across.
Come over to my place.
He looks just like his father.
My father is coming home tomorrow.
I'm a tenth grader.
I'm in the tenth grade.
Summer vacation is soon.
They took a walk.
Did you buy flowers?
He shooed the flies away.
Is someone knocking on the door?
She gave him everything she owned.
She laughed so hard she cried.
I was up almost all night.
No, that's not true.
If possible, I'd like to see him.
Almost all the doors were closed.
Why did you become a police officer?
I turned thirteen in 2003.
What's the name of the highest mountain in Germany?
You did tell Tom about that, right?
Do you have a license to operate a boat?
Do you have a license to fly a plane?
Just seeing a picture of food is enough and I start to feel sick.
I think Tom doesn't realize how charming he is.
The bridge will take months longer to build and cost millions of dollars more than first estimated.
Cold, wet and wild weather with the possibility of a dusting of snow has been forecast for this weekend.
Wild weather is forecast for our region today.
Omar Sharif, a real heart-throb in his day, died at the age of 83.
Just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous.
Don't make iftar into gluttony!
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
Did they buy juice?
There's no water at all in this desert.
There's no bread whatsoever in this house.
It's sunny, but the water is cold.
It's presumptuous to say that it's "production". Isn't it more processing?
It is OK for me to use that?
We played basketball and then went to the beach.
He spat on the ground.
Only yokels spit on the ground.
I'll give you what for.
Tom gave Mary what for.
That's a very big bite.
Mary terminated our friendship.
We ran around the fountain in the park.
Shall we go to drink coffee or something?
What the heck do you expect to achieve, constantly doing this kind of thing? Aren't there more ways to go about it?
He'll kill you.
When I was a kid I was jerking off in my room, and my mom came in just right at the moment when I was coming.
Don't tell anything about what happened here.
This puff pastry is popular in the Philippines.
I saw a carbonated tea once.
You are German, right?
We all have to eat.
Is this Jupiter or a bull?
He came, he saw - and didn't say anything.
I am loved by you.
Applaud, friends, the comedy has ended.
Fishes know how to swim.
He won the race once again.
He promised a lot, but we only saw a bit.
You can't swim. Isn't that so?
You are prouder than a peacock.
Nothing is more valuable than love.
There are four rooms in my house.
I believe he is an intelligent person.
We don't know what the next day will bring.
Scuba divers have found many interesting things under water including gold coins, ancient ruins, and fossils of extinct animals.
What's your sixth sense?
If you need help, I can help you.
The weather is getting nice again.
We all need more sleep!
In the material question again became pressing. With his little family, the doctor had to move to Grodno.
Tatoeba is helping to improve my Esperanto.
Ten years have passed already since my mother died.
He remained there for four years. Great joy and distress awaited him.
I was too excited to look her in the eyes.
Throughout his youth he had fervently read the new works of Tolstoy. Now the fame of the great Russian was spread around the world.
The movie is about a boy named Tom.
It hurts!
You'd better not stay up too late.
You should try to get to bed a bit earlier tonight.
Don't stay up all night.
Try to get a good night's sleep.
You forgot about me?
Do you know in which country she lives now?
I want to, but I can't.
My apartment is located a five minute walk away from the station.
I will come be your guest tomorrow.
Lots of animals, like for example tigers eat meat.
My son always interrupts me when I'm talking.
You have to show compassion to your girl.
He can't continue without Tom.
I am very interested in learning Chinese.
I'm very interested in learning French.
I really want to learn French.
Is it difficult to learn Chinese?
Tom is a notary.
Tom has just released a warts and all autobiography of his life with Mary.
It's very hard to see yourself as others see you.
Tom never lends money to anyone.
If he's still alive, he'd be very old by now.
I heard Mary's singing.
Tom is a braggart.
Mary is a braggart.
He's eating pork chops.
This is a desert flower.
I won't pay dollars for just one book.
That's no way to speak to your parents!
Tom is a doofus.
If you have something to complain about, then get out of here!
Ow! This coffee is hot!
Lately that student has been disruptive in class. Honestly it's beginning to worry me.
I like to yawn.
She probably knows the answer.
To lose weight I swim every day, one hour in the swimming pool.
How many elements are there in the Periodic Table of Elements to date?
The chemical symbol of scandium is Sc.
Does iron react with sodium?
Phenolphthalein is an indicator used in acid-base titrations.
The concentration of ascorbic acid in the tablet is very low.
Vitamin C is also known as ascorbic acid.
I won't marry you, for all your money.
I'll divorce you, for all your money.
Spain is the land of castles.
He's written ten books, but hasn't published any of them.
The keys of the piano are yellow due to age.
I told them when I saw them. I also told him.
The homeless man played the piano excellently.
Sometimes I work from dawn to dusk in the fields.
Do you know where in Spain Toledo is?
Edward Bolles, author of “Remembering and Forgetting,” puts it best: “We remember what we understand; we understand only what we pay attention to; we pay attention to what we want.”
What else have you got going on?
Mods sure have it difficult. It's like "Here, have a bit of power, do what you have to", and all the garbage gets thrown at you.
The thing about her is... She tended to create sides. And people would then get on those sides.
There was broken glass all over the floor.
My French is pretty rusty, too.
Will Greece be able to stomach the austerity?
I have no idea if you're being sarcastic or not, or whether you were joking or trying to make a point.
Do not fear me. I am afraid of many whom I find enviable, intimidating, or simply awkward to talk to. I don't want anyone to similarly fear me in any of those ways—over my time on these sites, I've encountered some people who were afraid of me, specifically or non-specifically. Let us dispel our mutual fears.
Tom drove through town with his handbrake on, without noticing it.
Violence has increased in recent years.
You do it next time.
I am not going to work more today.
I do not know where I left the keys.
The Terminator saga also has a television series.
The doctor told him that if he did not lose weight, he was increasing the risk of another heart attack.
In the photo, some bottles with different types of vegetable oils are seen.
Eugenia shared with us her favorite oils for cleaning the face and protecting the skin.
Mechanics should know a lot about oils and lubricants for engines.
With so much contradictory information, one no longer knows what type of oils should be used for cooking.
My immediate neighbors are a commercial center, a hospital, a church, and a metro station.
Peter expressed his frustration at the meeting with Robert because at this moment he has like eight immediate bosses that give him contradictory orders.
Wild animal attacks on the human population increase when their habitat is encroached upon and invaded.
My little brother really likes a game in which you put animals in their natural habitat.
A lot of software is available for making multimedia presentations.
He wants to develop the country's military more during the next few years.
Mary closed her eyes.
I wouldn't have said it like that.
I wouldn't have said it that way.
Which countries have developed significantly during the past ten years?
Can I have seconds?
Can I have a second helping?
I want a second helping.
Could I have a second helping?
He dismembered the body.
Our plan has gone askew.
Everything I undertake goes wrong.
My efforts have been futile thus far.
I am woebegone.
My incompetence aggrieves me.
We're still in the dark as to the identity of the killer.
Perfectionists find it harder to function than average people.
I hate it when I dream things that contradict what I feel when awake.
You don't want to wait such a long time.
Will you introduce your girlfriend to me?
Tom said that he didn't do it.
It's five to six.
How long do you think it'll take?
I don't have any problem with him.
He lies all the way. I ain't cheated.
When you write or say anything, do you have a nagging voice - or voices - in your head criticising and/or arguing with everything you're saying or writing?
I don't know how to talk to emotionally distraught people.
I relate with people better when I'm not caught up worrying about myself.
Why is the world so cruel to me?
Stop right there, you criminal scum!
Stop whatever it is you are doing and listen to me for once, dammit!
Nobody is ferpect.
Hey, weren't you the one wearing this shirt yesterday?
They found a secluded beach where they spent the day.
Tom's first wife fleeced him, and he was broke when he met Mary.
Mary took Tom for every cent he had.
It looks like a wedding.
It resembles a wedding.
Don't put down his suggestions.
Do not belittle his suggestions.
Won't you stay just a little longer?
She complains about everything and everyone.
Certainly. I will need to confirm it, however. Please wait just a moment.
How much time do adults spend watching television every day?
Excuse me, may I have another cup of tea?
When does the post office open?
The earth was thrown into chaos.
Germany is not a sunny country.
Why are there so many solar panels in Germany?
The police shut down Tom’s lemonade stand.
Debts must be repaid.
Where's the nearest pizzeria?
Give, and it will be given to you.
Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.
For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
cents has filed for bankruptcy.
There's a place I'd like to show you.
Is anyone else thirsty?
Is anyone else hungry?
What do you think about this outfit?
Tom waited outside in the pouring rain for over an hour.
I'm going to miss this place.
Earthquakes are common in Japan.
Tom escaped from jail through a tunnel.
He is the owner of the company.
The weather in April is unstable.
Our goal is primarily educational.
I'm free this evening.
I wanted to discuss that subject with you.
I embarrassed him.
It's your turn to speak.
Our school is on the other side of the station.
After they received the results, all of them were depressed.
The Spanish economy is falling apart.
I live too far away.
Just get out of here!
You're very shy.
They jumped into the water.
I thought I had everything.
I thought I had it all.
When was the last time you rode a bike?
Try to calm down.
He does things very slowly. It takes him three days to do one day's work.
Wash your hands first, then eat.
Is your watch right?
If you had a million, what would you do?
When was the last time you rode a bicycle?
When was the last time you got your hair cut?
When was the last time you saw that cat?
When was the last time you went to an art gallery?
My life is not milk and honey.
All is not milk and honey in Canada.
This is a killing machine.
His murderous gaze frightened her.
Stop feeding me wormy fruit.
The cherries are wormy.
The apples are wormy.
I just took a bite from a wormy apple.
How come these apples are wormy although they've been sprayed?
He who remains silent is understood to consent.
He who remains silent seems to consent.
Are pike edible?
There is a pike in the pond.
I practice the piano when I'm bored.
I don't practice the piano as often as I should.
I don't study as much as I should.
I don't study as much as my parents tell me I should.
The storm raged for three days.
He raged like a wild beast.
The fire raged and consumed the whole village.
He's raging because his wish hasn't been granted.
Mary bristled with rage after Tom broke her vase.
I found Tom smoking a hookah.
Let's go to the cafe where they serve hookahs.
Are hookahs healthier than cigarettes?
He was smoking a hookah with lemon flavour.
I want to smoke a hookah again.
Today, I waited for a shorter amount of time than usual before he arrived.
If you concentrate, you'll be able to finish within a shorter time interval.
I've started exercising more intensively for a shorter amount of time.
They debated for a shorter amount of time than I'd expected.
If I choose the gallows instead of the poison, I'll suffer for a shorter amount of time before dying.
Tom's mobile butt-dialled Mary.
I cannot sleep. I am just electrified by the knowledge of our imminent approach toward Pluto.
I minimized the window.
I'm typing in a minimized document.
I minimized the document and then maximized it again.
I'm not sneezing as much as I'd expected.
I finished translating for today.
She writes irrelevant posts, and offensive ones at that.
Could you knock a little off the price?
He wrote a book, and an excellent one at that.
Mary hired a new housekeeper, and a competent one at that.
Tom butt-dialled Mary.
The symbols of the body and spirit for humble people should be the tree and water respectively, since the tree hardens externally and matures over time in order to offer people in need refuge and have them shadowed; on the other hand water lies calmed in peace, is useful for everyone equally and moreover it has a devastating power capable of destroying the most powerful nations of the world.
Dogs have all the good qualities of people without at the same time possessing their weaknesses.
She's on vacation.
Do you think he'll like it?
I'll speak with him alone.
Do you want more than that?
When did you begin to study Japanese?
I swear that it is true, or may lightning strike me down.
I did twenty-five projects in just one month.
"Steffi, will you marry me?" "How much money do you have?"
Do you think Tom will like the gift I bought for him?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
Her heart is as good as gold.
He stood in awe before her.
Mary is a woman who inspires awe in all who meet her.
Mary is a formidable woman.
I don't know how to force this lock.
They wiped out an entire species.
The exam included mathematics, physics and chemistry.
If I slap you, the whole city will suffocate from face powder.
The plural of 'person' is 'people', not 'persons'.
This student is an American.
Buddhism came from India.
He didn't have the right to be silent.
Tom is a potter.
He helps the poor.
Tell me what you are looking for and I will help you.
Guilds were an important part of society in the Middle Ages.
He is a member of a potters' guild.
Tom is a saddler.
Tom is a pilgrim.
Are we cool yet?
His wife was old but he loved her.
Mary is acting wild.
Probably.
This is the zeroth law.
Finish what you were saying.
Finish frying the potatoes.
Finish boiling the carrots.
Finish baking the pie.
Spend what remains of the money.
Finish crying and then we'll talk.
Finish cutting the paper.
Finish cleaning the windows.
The road roller is noisy.
The road roller is levelling the street.
This is a dream dictionary.
Tom consulted a dream dictionary in order to interpret his nightmare.
So I just learned from a post on Facebook that the account that I thought wasn't working got hacked, some bad stuff happened, and it got banned. I was on vacation, so I had no idea this had transpired, and I hope that by posting this here, I can clear up that I didn't have anything to do with that, but I'd like to know who did.
Mary has no will power.
Mary is wary of strangers.
Is it okay if I don't show up?
"Is that okay?" "No, it's not okay."
The sheep is dying of gid.
That's imitation leather.
How can I forgive you if I never felt wronged to begin with?
Tom has no will power.
I have no will power when it comes to dieting.
I have no will power when it comes to exercising.
I wish I had the will power to stay on a diet.
Tom doesn't have the will power to quit smoking.
I wish I had the will power to stop eating junk food.
She works across the border.
Would you mind giving me a little help with some problems I'm having?
Would you have time to help me with something?
We watched a movie in the cinema last week.
Tom's was the first name on the list of persons of interest after Mary's murder.
The police drew up a list of persons of interest after the discovery of Mary's body.
It's the height of rudeness to talk on a mobile phone in a crowded lift.
All animals should go naked.
Sorry, I have church on Sunday. Let's meet early Monday morning.
Mary screwed me over.
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
In Sugarcandy Mountain it was Sunday seven days a week, clover was in season all the year round, and lump sugar and linseed cake grew on the hedges.
Why should we care what happens after we are dead?
It was very neatly written, and except that "friend" was written "freind" and one of the S's was the wrong way round, the spelling was correct all the way through.
The pigs did not actually work, but directed and supervised the others.
I appreciate sweet things and books.
- Never mind the milk, comrades! - cried Napoleon, placing himself in front of the buckets. - That will be attended to. The harvest is more important.
The source of the trouble appeared to be that Napoleon and Mr. Pilkington had each played an ace of spades simultaneously.
I turned on the fan and directed it to the wall.
We were surprised by a sudden increase in imports.
I won't stand for it anymore.
I read that story in some book.
He's preparing for the journey.
Due to the bad weather, the game was called off.
Due to the bad weather, the game was cancelled.
You must first prove yourself.
You should leave the answer blank if you don't know the solution.
I won't tolerate it anymore.
Wait until you see this.
I won't tolerate that anymore.
Why did Link have to go missing?
"Gee, it sure is boring around here." "Link!" "I'm back." "Where did you go?!" "He must've gone to the island of Delphino, Your Majesty." "...My boy, you're in HUGE trouble."
"...Duke Onkled? Hello?" "Huh? Your Omnipotence! Is that you?" "Yes, it's me." "...Go away." "What?" "Zelda told me to tell you to go away." "That hoe! You're going to be paying for that!" "Please, have mercy—urgh!"
I question whether he is actually there.
Tom may or may not be telling the truth.
It's a waste of time and a waste of money.
Tom doesn't trust the government.
Both of her cheeks turned red.
Her cheeks turned red.
I can't forget your eyes.
Don't step in the mud.
I stepped in the mud.
Most of us, if asked to think about problems we have solved, think about difficult situations we have faced and managed to overcome.
Hazelnuts are harvested in mid-autumn.
By the time we got there, it was already too late.
The strike lasted three days.
I thought we were going to crash.
That was a crazy thing to do.
Each one of us is unique in the way that we respond to situations.
Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies.
We sold our souls for money.
Your castle is under attack.
Humans are sentient beings.
Now that Mary's disappeared with all the money, I'm screwed.
Australian soprano Joan Sutherland was dubbed "La Stupenda" after a performance in Venice in and the label stuck for the rest of her career.
Tom was so angry at Mary he couldn't even look at her.
Let's respect the animals, because they are sentient beings.
The clatter of the horse's hooves soothed him.
I hear the hubbub of the children in the background.
The cheese is very stretchy.
Sentient beings include humans and animals.
A fool with a tool is still a fool.
It's a boring word.
Where they make a desert, they call it peace.
I had everything I needed to be happy.
Why don't you answer my message?
A friend of Tom's had his identity stolen.
Tom's parents only stayed together for the sake of the children.
It's estimated that, over our lifetime, we spend up to six months standing in queues.
Most utensils, such as can openers and scissors, are made for right-handers.
A strange spectacle happened before my eyes.
I stepped on something weird.
That's the person who Mary's really interested in.
People are generally stupid.
Mary goes by doggy years.
Ya look nice in your kennel.
Due to injury to the cervix during dilation used in some abortions, your next baby may have a low birth weight or you may be more likely to have a spontaneous abortion in later pregnancies.
I wonder whether you could do it alone as well.
I wonder why we got married.
Why did you actually get divorced if you still live together?
Mary was disappointed.
The boy grabbed the cat by the tail.
I'm aware of your problem.
He really gets on my nerves.
He really irritates me.
When was the university founded?
As he was about to leave, he said goodbye.
He said farewell as he was about to leave.
Alfred has lost interest in this project.
Do you want to take a look at it?
In some species of animals, the female is dominant over the male.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
I don't give a shit what he says. There is no way he could've pulled that off.
What do you mean, you don't know that?
Say, I seek refuge in the Lord of mankind.
Tom is a turncoat.
I suffer from restless leg syndrome.
Mary's grandmother is toothless.
He pricked himself with a pin.
The website is lagging.
What causes websites to lag?
How can I fix the lag?
The webpage has frozen.
Aren't you overstepping the mark there?
Mary's grandmother doesn't have any teeth.
I walked into a mirror.
Every hour of sleep before midnight is worth two after midnight.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
One hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours after.
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?
I walked into a door.
I walked into a wall.
How good are you guys?
You're competent but you're slacking.
Stop slacking or I'll fire you.
He glued the vase together sloppily.
If you slack instead of typing, you'll never finish the book.
I never change my sleep cycle.
My sleep cycle has been disrupted.
Going out with friends at night is sadly incompatible with my sleep cycle.
That's not really something one would need to prepare for.
That's a strenuous task.
The rice crackers had a tuna topping.
Mary said that Tom was too insensitive, or something such.
Mary said that Tom was too importunate, or something along those lines.
Mary said that Tom was incompetent, or something to that effect.
This tissue has been irreversibly damaged.
Before doing so, you must ask your mother for permission.
Before this, I worked as a cab driver.
Before that, there was no plant life in this region.
Before this, Mary called me to ask how the project was coming along.
In accordance with our agreement, he stopped asking me personal questions.
Tom called to say he would be late.
Tom called and said he would be late.
Tom called to ask how everything was going.
Tom called and asked how everything was going.
Tom called to ask if he should bring anything.
Tom called to ask if there was anything he could do to help.
Tom called to ask if we needed any help.
The collar chafed her neck.
Storms have abraded the outer layer of paint.
My shoes are chafing my feet.
It was a temptation, Mary, and you succumbed.
In Russian, nouns of foreign origin generally don't succumb to integration.
Mary succumbed to Tom's influence.
"Tom doesn't love me." "Well, boohoo."
I tried to keep up with them, but eventually I fell behind.
I had too many assignments, so I fell behind soon enough.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he leaned over to check the water level.
Moral values are important in society.
Tom has no moral values.
Mary renounced her moral values and became a nihilist.
Mary is socially awkward.
Socially awkward children are more susceptible to bullying.
Socially awkward people have a harder time finding romantic partners.
Socially awkward people tend to develop insecurities.
Mary doesn't have enough courage to confront Tom directly.
Mary reminds me of myself at that age.
I barely restrained myself from vomiting.
Maral's mother is forty-three.
Thanks a bunch.
How many push-ups do you do every day?
How many sit-ups should I do a day?
Tom ought to show more respect to his grandfather.
Tom ought not to have spoken to his teacher in that tone of voice.
Come on everyone, let's dance!
Tom gave the film a rating of out of 10.
Tom entered through the back door.
Summer and Autumn are friends.
The town restored this old historic building.
I love to sleep.
Oh no, it's him!
Oh no, it's her again.
Look at your hands.
My husband's not in town.
That helps me fall asleep.
This is a bit embarrassing.
New Horizons has taken pictures of Pluto.
New Horizons was launched in 2005.
How fast was Tom driving?
No one encouraged Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to pass the test.
Is French hard to learn?
I wanted to impress Tom.
Tom cut the apple in two.
We arrived three days ago.
We got here three days ago.
This tastes really good.
Tom sharpened the knives.
Tom sharpened the knives for Mary.
Tom's hair has turned gray.
Finish reading the book.
Finish playing and then we'll study.
Finish digging the grave.
Finish the song.
Finish reading the novel.
Have you eaten seafood? Shellfish, let's say.
Both of us are from Australia.
"He didn't call the entire day, and when he came home late in the evening, he asked me to leave him alone." "How typical of Tom."
Both of us graduated from Harvard.
Both of us can speak French.
I'd like to meet Tom's father.
Ajax Amsterdam is the most famous football club of the Netherlands.
By the way, next week will be our university graduation ceremony.
Mary bought a movie for later.
Is this another one of your puerile jokes?
This is an infantile game.
Mary, are you decent?
Wait while I make myself decent.
I am offended by your blatant disregard for my feelings.
Have you finished writing that song you've been working on?
I developed an aversion toward seafood.
I developed an aversion toward the word "awesome".
Tom and Mary spoke in their respective languages.
You can only take out euros.
Greece has made it illegal to take money out of the country.
Greek banks could soon run out of money.
Greece is a developed country.
That's it. I'm not lending you any more money.
The "Grexit" means a Greek exit from the euro.
Why is Germany so tough on Greece?
Relations between Greece and Germany are tense.
Many Germans travel to Greece every summer.
Traffic in Manhattan is a problem.
Traffic is a problem in Manhattan.
It's not an insult. It's an observation.
Tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom believes he can succeed where others have failed.
I wanted to cry.
We'll watch that movie another day.
Polyglots are sexier.
This is a singable melody.
Tom performed and the crowd applauded.
I'll be very attentive.
Polyglots are much sexier.
The French Formula driver Jules Bianchi has died, nine months after his crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
Polyglots are sexier. Talk to us.
The call center has a high turnover.
Tom lacks emotional intelligence.
How can this be?
If I can understand it, anyone can.
I don't care how you feel.
Tom started getting impatient and frustrated.
Try to put yourself in his shoes.
Try to put yourself in her shoes.
I'm sure we'll find a solution.
If you push a button, either you will die or you will live.
You're the only woman I've ever really loved.
You already know my opinion.
What's your favorite kind of meat?
What's Tom's older sister's name?
Tom was the one who took this picture.
Tom told me he's leaving tomorrow.
Tom said that he regretted his decision.
Tom probably knows the answer.
Tom often leaves everything to the last minute.
There's a possibility that I'll be killed.
The decision hasn't been made yet.
Take this medicine and you'll feel better soon.
It's fun hanging out with Tom and Mary.
It's easy to tell them apart.
If you need money, I can lend you some.
If we don't do it, who will?
I've finished translating everything you asked me to translate.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't like me.
I'm not sleepy anymore.
I'm glad that I was able to help you last week.
I wonder whether Tom is actually in Boston right now.
I often drink coffee at that cafe.
Do you think Tom will like the gift I bought him?
Do you think this rope is strong enough?
Do you know how to count to ten in French?
Do you have a license to operate a motor boat?
Did you plant pumpkins this year?
Before doing that, you need to ask Tom for permission.
Be careful not to step in the mud puddle.
People in Minnesota are nice.
People are really stupid sometimes.
Boys are really stupid sometimes.
Emotions are contagious.
Tom is not only unhappy at work, but also unhappy at home.
We should do this every day.
Tom likes to lounge around the house without any clothes on.
Tom often walks around the house without any clothes on.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
I'm not interested in your problems.
They are siblings.
Tom and Mary picked up a hitchhiker.
I am watching television.
I hate my boss.
My boss is a jerk.
My boss is an asshole.
I can't believe that I'm working on a Sunday.
I can't believe I'm sitting next to Tom.
I can't believe I'm sitting next to Mary.
I can't believe I'm writing this sentence.
I had no idea it was going to do that!
You really hit the jackpot with this guy!
Tom has a nice collection of modern paintings.
Sometimes guys can be really stupid.
We have to do this every day.
We don't have to do this every day.
We don't need to do this every day.
Do you have to do this very often?
When was the last time you had to do this?
When was the last time you had to remind me to do something?
Do you often need to remind Tom to do stuff?
Tom is just blowing smoke up our asses!
This is just a pile of bullshit!
We drink water.
Guide us to the straight path – the path of those upon whom You have bestowed favor, not of those who have evoked Your anger or of those who are astray.
Tom's dog is a mutt.
We drink too little water.
We don't drink enough water.
Most people don't drink enough water.
My doctor told me that I should drink more water.
Drinking excessive and extreme amounts of water can result in "water intoxication", a potentially fatal condition.
Too much or too little of anything is never good; it's all about balance.
This tooth is an incisor.
This is a canine tooth.
Have you ever considered it?
Mary's neighbor is a busybody.
Australia is a puppet state.
This corporation is a political puppet.
Were you able to make it to the station on time to catch the first train this morning?
I'm sorry I couldn't make it to your party last night.
We made it to the top of the mountain just in time to see the sunrise.
It's too foggy. I can't see a thing.
This beef is so rare that a good vet could save it.
Tom is a gourmand.
I danced yesterday. I danced before too.
It is half past midnight.
Much to my dismay, Mary came to the party wearing a prurient dress.
Much to my delight, Mary brought me a music box from Boston as a gift.
Much to my surprise, Mary disregarded my request.
Much to my disappointment, Mary failed to repair the computer.
I feel dizzy every time I stand up.
I still don't know why you did it.
Tom had to forgo his morning swim, on account of it being too cold.
A real friend will tell you when you're running rough.
I'm counting on you guys.
Where does the moon go when it's not in the sky?
Where does the sun go at night?
I don't like the taste of lady's finger.
Construction area: hard hats required.
You look like you've been doing something you shouldn't.
It's a complicated story.
What team do you support?
You guys are a problem.
I don't like girls who play hard to get.
What rock have you been hiding under?
Tom is not on good terms with his family.
Leave the poor boy alone.
Leave the poor girl alone.
He took out a mortgage from the bank in order to buy a house.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.
Police line: do not cross.
The European currencies have weakened against the dollar.
In your language, does "heart" rhyme with "pain"?
Mary complained about her husband again - the same old story.
That's dry information.
That's a very dry explanation.
In my opinion, Tom is innocent.
Tom weighs more than Mary does.
Tom weighs more than Mary.
Tom weighs a lot more than Mary does.
Tom weighs a lot more than Mary.
This isn't a real diamond.
That was Tom's personal opinion.
Tom promised to be here at 2:30.
I'm going to move next month.
Tom promised to be here before 2:30.
Tom said he wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
I thought you were already in bed.
I'll make an exception this time.
Tom doesn't love you as much as I love you.
What is the difference between an all-you-can-eat convenience store and an ordinary grocery store in Germany?
Tom doesn't eat Italian food very often.
Tom seldom eats Italian food.
These diamonds aren't real.
I want to learn Indonesian.
In my application I indicate how long I want to work.
Dad, what is the difference between the mafia and the government?
We will have a discussion concerning the prognosis.
During the interrogation he admitted his guilt.
She enclosed a photo.
They come here occasionally.
She took the gold medal.
In the battle they captured weapons from the enemy.
They have good relations with neighbouring countries.
Consumption of paper has increased.
I hope that I can carry out my plan.
I got the impression that you were ill.
What were your impressions of it?
He has proof that he's employed.
It resulted in great difficulties.
It must be done immediately.
Now I'm fairly healthy again.
I'll summarize it all.
She is an asset to the company.
Driverless cars are now widely in use.
The U.S. General Custer was defeated at the Battle of the Little Bighorn by Native Americans on June 25, 1876.
The tail is wagging its dog there.
I'll marry you if you change the color of your hair.
I'll marry you if you change your hair color.
I don't know whether he'll come.
From time to time, they went shopping together.
Mary was glad to see the squirrel begging for food in the garden again.
She has lost both parents.
She has lost both her parents.
He always wears a blue shirt.
You need to stick to a diet.
You need to go on a diet.
I have turned twenty.
But why is French such a difficult language?
He likes that guitar.
Tom is sleeping in his chair.
The water reached my knees.
"Are you making a snowman?" "No, I'm making a snow woman."
"I figured it out. I'm not that stupid, you know." "Oh, please. Mary has obviously told you everything."
He's flying on a winged horse.
Mary received a poison pen letter.
Tom wrote poison pen letters to most of his neighbors.
I'll solve the mathematical problem again.
This is a glass mosaic.
The day-old chicks cheeped shrilly as their mother returned to the nest with a beak full of food.
This is an explanation for dummies.
"I'll be working all weekend." "Why? What happened to the other cleaning lady?" "Oh, so I'm a cleaning lady now? Thank you for the promotion."
Why is your mouth open?
"Don't cross your legs like that." "Why not?" "Well, unless you've got a vagina, it's inappropriate."
Tom climbed into bed with his parents.
There is a basket full of bananas on the counter.
This country is a leading importer of oil.
He pecked her on the lips.
What's the product's code?
Why are there pork wings on the menu when pigs don't actually have any wings?
After years of womanising, Tom finally settled down with Mary.
Your daughter will tell me.
The lungs are situated in the thoracic cage.
Tom has braided his beard.
This laptop is thin and light.
They are talking past each other.
You were lucky that you didn't get caught in the rain.
I wiped the window sill with a paper towel.
An opponent of limited dimensions can often be quite diverting.
Why should I care what you think?
He's gonna have to throw himself on the mercy of the court.
Mary promised to bake me a cake, but then she reneged.
The accident happened suddenly.
He's without a doubt a lot better than you.
That is not Tom.
The man was young.
It is perfect.
I don't want to watch TV.
This question is like asking a parent which child they love the most.
You're going to Boston next week, right?
Tom was drinking.
He tipped his hat.
He raised his hat.
You're a wonderful cook.
Why fight it?
We're scared.
We were upset.
We were tired.
We were ready.
We think so.
We liked Tom.
We got robbed.
We admire you.
Tom's the man.
Tom's the best.
Tom's doing OK.
Tom works fast.
Tom was square.
Tom was brash.
Tom says he feels fine.
Tom said yes.
Tom missed it.
Tom may change.
Tom loved it.
Our eyes met.
It's not new.
It was spooky.
It was icky.
It took time.
It scared me.
It looks nice.
I'm Canadian, too.
I'll save it.
I plan to be in Boston next summer.
I did my work.
How was that?
Go for it.
Don't waste it.
Don't look up.
You're wrong. I'm not pessimistic, but sceptical.
They wouldn't have recognized Tom.
The town where I live is quite small.
A child's self-concept is how the child characteristically sees or feels about himself or herself.
The work I'm doing at the moment is very interesting.
The situation seemed hopeless.
If a sentence doesn't yet have audio, it's because nobody has recorded one for us.
She loves him and me.
Mary decided to ignore Tom's behaviour.
Mary found Tom's attitude hurtful.
Mary often wears her hair in pigtails.
Tom turned on cruise control and coasted for a while.
Tom ate two plates of spaghetti.
I don't know where we'll go tomorrow.
We haven't yet decided where we'll go tomorrow.
He was elected mayor of Boston.
John F. Fitzgerald was elected mayor of Boston in 1906.
I admire the adamance with which you protect your son.
They scanned the spaceship with a probe.
I am no longer sleepy.
I am no longer hungry.
You have a passing grade.
I can recognise my own kind.
He doesn't really listen to me the way he listened to you.
My best female friend is pregnant.
Can you take a break?
She was wearing pink panties under the skirt.
Mary played hopscotch.
We had a lot of fun.
You won't win.
Why change it?
We've run out of kerosene.
We've run out of gasoline.
We've run out of coal.
We're sold out.
We're parents.
We're not sure.
We're not free.
We're not done.
We're doing OK.
We're bankrupt.
We're all safe.
We'll make it.
We will fight.
We were robbed.
We were broke.
We never agree.
We needed that.
We need it now.
We fight a lot.
We can pay cash.
We can make it.
We can make it there on time.
We can do this.
We calmed down.
We belong here.
We aren't sure what to do.
We aren't sure what should be done.
We all cheered.
Tom's the boss.
Tom's not weak.
Tom will stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom will find it.
Tom was robbed.
Tom was huge.
Tom was cranky.
Tom never knew about that.
Tom is a bum.
Tom isn't afraid.
Tom has talent.
Tom died at 65.
Tom did this.
Tom did great.
Tom deserves all the credit.
Tom and I fight a lot.
Those are good.
Those are free.
This one is bigger.
This jacket is too small for me.
This is tricky.
This is my kid.
This is doable.
This is a pain.
They're young.
They're close.
They'll grow.
They'll fail.
They won't die.
They never did what they said they would do.
They messed up.
They jumped us.
They hugged us.
They have jobs.
They cursed us.
They couldn't help us.
They could die.
They can leave.
The noise woke me up.
The job is already half done.
That's not love.
That's my dad.
That's doable.
That's a start.
That'd be fun.
That'd be cool.
That was scary.
That was ours.
That was nuts.
That was legit.
That was ideal.
That was huge.
That was hard.
That was gutsy.
That got fixed.
Surfing looks like fun.
Read the label carefully.
Please move on.
Please keep this door locked.
Please join me.
Please do this.
People like me.
Now let's talk.
Nobody was hurt.
No one's upset.
No one was hit.
No one shouted.
Most of our employees are young.
Life is crazy.
Let's get real.
Let's get busy.
Let's end this.
Just lie there.
Just let us be.
Just let it go.
It's very cheap.
It's expensive.
It's been warm the last few days.
It's about this big.
It'll be hot tomorrow.
It was genuine.
It was crowded.
It was correct.
It was chaotic.
It was a shock.
It was a dream.
It was a blast.
It still hurts.
It may be hard.
It looked real.
It isn't wrong.
It isn't cheap.
It didn't help.
It could work.
Is Tom your son?
Is Tom next?
Is Tom a member?
Is this a hoax?
Is that unfair?
Is it that bad?
I've done that.
I've already paid for it.
I'm very lucky.
I'm too young.
I'm still angry.
I'm paid enough.
I'm here, too.
I'm better off now than I was three years ago.
I'll miss that.
I'll go see it.
I was inspired by Tom's speech.
I walk to work.
I walk a lot.
I played chess with Tom yesterday afternoon.
I like driving.
I have no kids.
I have no debt.
I hardly ever use cash anymore.
I gave Tom thirty dollars.
I felt special.
I disregarded it.
I didn't study.
I did it again.
I can't give you anything right now.
How much extra will we have to pay?
How far was it?
How do we help?
How did we win?
Everything is now back to normal.
Drop your guns.
Do you need it now?
Do they work here?
Did you notice any errors?
Can we move it?
Are we on time?
All of my brothers have jobs.
I just wish it was easier to do.
I just wish it were easier to do.
That can be done.
I knew I shouldn't say anything.
I knew it was going to be tough.
I knew it was going to be tough to do.
I knew it was going to be tough to persuade Tom to help us.
It wasn't as tough to do as I thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as hard to do as I thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as difficult to do as I thought it was going to be.
It was easier to do than I had expected.
Hanni and Nanni are twins.
He tickled his little sister until she peed her pants up.
I must read it page by page.
I never expected this to happen.
I respect you and your opinions.
I still can't really believe it.
I still can't believe Tom has gone.
I think most people would agree.
I thought Tom had retired.
I thought my head would explode.
Do you know of any good movies to watch?
Do you know of any good Japanese movies to watch?
I'm probably going to try again.
I'm sick of being called a liar.
I've worked hard my entire life.
I watched a movie in French with English subtitles.
I want to see a Japanese movie.
That's a reasonable thing to do.
I'll give you an example.
I've seen a lot of cool things.
I'd like to believe otherwise.
When you laugh, the world laughs with you. When you cry, you cry alone.
The train is running thirty minutes late.
Without water, there's no life.
That's the logical thing to do.
I hope that's true.
That sounds logical.
We apologize for the error.
We both have to go to work.
We don't have many options.
We forgot to plan for that.
We forgot to take that into consideration.
Have you ever been betrayed by a friend?
I had a cheerful morning because I could hear the songs of birds.
Is there any advantage to acting like that?
By chance, I ran into an old friend in Tokyo.
I love to try out new things.
Did you decide where you're going to have lunch?
The atomic bomb is a great threat to humanity.
We're trying to save money.
I don't know how to spell that word.
That's the most miserable comment you've ever made.
Some of the oil in the pot boiled over and got the stove dirty.
I really got my hands dirty.
The universe is expanding.
Pluto is a dwarf planet.
Most rivers flow to the sea.
The Moon orbits the Earth.
The largest continent on Earth is Asia.
I have never done that.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
I would not have done that.
My daughter wants to teach in high school.
Frogs eat insects.
A housecat will even eat a small frog.
I wouldn't have done that.
The store is around the corner.
Mosquitoes enjoy the company of humans.
Snakes are reptiles.
They live just down the street.
Nobody wants that bicycle.
I've never done that.
That went right over his head.
He asked a question in class.
Fish live in water.
Does anybody own this sentence?
Meditation brings peace.
Are these sentences correct?
Multiplication is commutative, division is not.
A lion would be scary to have as a pet.
I do not appear to be getting any younger.
It is impossible to live without water and without oxygen.
In this store they speak in Esperanto.
I knew that it was better for me to say nothing.
I am curious about Japanese culture.
You did not make a single mistake? That had to be blind luck!
I was born, raised and live in Medellín, Columbia.
He is capable of robbery.
I have to wake up at 6:30.
A strong cup of coffee helps me wake up.
Male chauvinists believe themselves to be superior to any woman.
Tokyo is more like Bogotá and Osaka is more like Medellín.
Thomas hugs Maria.
She hugs trees.
The more things I have, the more I am going to have to clean.
Are you nice to Maria?
You don't remember?
Don't waste so much time!
This is the book to read.
Here the tail wags the dog.
Tom wants to know where you hid the key.
If you focus on the lyrics of the song, you realize that they barely make sense, right?
I am the happiest man in the world.
He is feeling very kind today.
I'm the happiest man in the world.
I'm only trying to be nice.
I helped him bring the desk.
I found her very friendly.
How do you know that I knew?
What is more important, the will or the way to achieve a goal?
This computer is dying along with my interest in computers.
Brown is our English teacher.
He weighs around pounds.
I suppose you won't eat with us now.
If you want quality, pay for it.
We've finally reached the summit.
The other day I ran into Meg in Kyoto.
Grab the golden egg.
Wake me up tomorrow at six, please.
The law does not accept confession under torture.
He helped me to overcome the difficulties.
All wise men are good, but not all good men are wise.
My sister saw you in the city, but you didn't see her.
Dictators can't be voted out, they must be thrown out.
We visited the castles of the Loire.
He put the entire blame on his brother.
Today I saw a very enjoyable film.
Today I saw a very enjoyable movie.
One drinks coffee in a cafe.
Macedonian has four verbal moods: indicative, conditional, imperative, and renarrative.
Mary took an antiemetic.
Mary took an emetic.
Mary needs to be tranquilised.
Muzzle it.
Mary is eating fondue.
Tom wants chocolate fondue.
What am I supposed to dip in the fondue?
He only knew German.
He left for Manila last week.
You've missed a button.
I don't necessarily support misanthropy.
I spent yesterday afternoon with my cousin Gian.
Tom owns a plantation.
I listened to a nine-minute Viennese waltz.
Have you been to the heart of Europe?
Mary walked along the river with a foreboding that this was the last time she would walk anywhere as a free woman.
Mary shrugged the sense of foreboding away.
Despite her foreboding, Mary entered the cellar.
I have a foreboding that something dangerous lies in store for us in that cave.
The cries of wolves in the distance gave Mary a sense of foreboding.
The croaking frogs inspired tremor in Mary.
The Loch Ness monster is an urban myth.
What's the difference between a superstition and an urban myth?
The belief that going outside with your hair still wet will result in meningitis is just an urban myth.
I never have trouble falling asleep.
I tossed and turned all night.
Presumably, Tom repaired the computer.
Presumably, Mary watered the flowers while we were away.
Presumably, the parrot escaped from the cage.
Mary still hasn't written the essay, presumably.
Tom will buy a new pair of glasses, presumably.
Mary presumably locked the door before leaving.
Tom presumably died in a train accident.
Mary and Tom will presumably get divorced.
The baby has presumably swallowed the pacifier.
The people will presumably elect a new ruler.
Although there are so many English sentences on Tatoeba, most of them recycle the same basic words, whereas more complex words remain unrepresented.
The response is affirmative.
The information is stored in a file on my computer.
Planes land at the airport.
Mary was exposed as a con.
Tom was exposed as a fraud.
I was hoping to receive an e-mail from Tom today.
That doesn't look so great, does it?
The house that stands on the hill is very old.
I'm starting to get tired of your complaining.
He noticed that I was there.
Mary bit off her nails.
You're invited.
You need a job.
Why can't we do this now?
We're finished.
Tom would know.
Tom was hired.
Tom saved me.
Tom rushed off.
Tom is black.
Tom is a great man.
Tom easily won.
Tom backed off.
They're afraid.
Let's just do it.
It looked funny.
It looked awful.
Is Tom there yet?
Is Tom that bad?
Is Tom out there?
Is Tom confident?
Is this serious?
Is this natural?
Is this ethical?
Is this correct?
Is that too hard?
Is that healthy?
Is it hazardous?
Is it clear now?
Is it all wrong?
I've got it all.
I'm retired, too.
I'm quite happy.
I'm not allowed to help you.
I'm glad we did that.
I'm a happy man.
I'd better go, too.
I work two jobs.
I work out to stay in shape.
I won't buy one.
I wish we could do that.
I was in charge.
I was horrified.
I was disgusted.
I want that job.
I still do that.
I stayed in bed all morning.
I slept all day.
I see a pattern.
I paid my bills.
I needed a change.
I met Tom today.
I may try again later.
I made the deal.
I love this car.
I liked this book.
I like that job.
I like children.
I knew everyone there.
I hope it rains.
I hit Tom again.
I held Tom's hand.
I haven't tried doing it that way.
I have two jobs.
I hate that idea.
I enjoyed this book.
I enjoy working.
I don't mind it.
I don't eat out very often.
I didn't speak.
I didn't sleep.
I could do that for you.
I can't open this jar.
I can't keep it.
I can't join you.
I can't feel it.
Has Tom been fired yet?
Go to Tom's house.
Go see a doctor.
Get there early.
Everyone was OK.
Everyone saw it.
Everyone is here now.
Everyone did it.
Everyone agreed.
Don't back away.
Don't attack me.
Do your own job.
Do I look tired?
Could that be Tom?
Can you afford it?
Can we fix this?
Can I afford it?
Can anyone help?
Boy was I wrong.
Boy was I naive.
Are you envious?
Are you at work?
You were always like that.
Don't obey your boss blindly.
I bet you're talking about Tom.
There are internal contradictions within modern society.
Apparently, Tom is not interested in answering that question.
Add lots of ice.
You'll understand when the time comes.
What's his teacher's name?
My parents died when I was very young.
"How many times have you eaten at that restaurant?" "Too many to remember!"
I have a master's degree in mathematics.
Women are said to go gaga for this.
Are you going out with anyone?
He should have kept that secret.
Random Acts of Kindness Day, celebrated on February 17th, is one of the recently originated holidays that have come to achieve some popularity worldwide.
I used to think like you, but then I got better.
The King of Hyrule is notorious for being overprotective about his beloved dinner and would not let anyone touch it on pain of death.
Although King Harkinian is pretty much an omnivore, as much as a human being could ever be, his favourite food is by far the fabled Munf Munf cereal. One curious exception to his habit of eating everything that's on the dinner table is spaghetti, which he loathes deeply and has decreed that nobody may bring it into the Hyrule Castle. Luigi and Mario are the only people banned from the Hyrule Kingdom for life for violating this order.
"I love me some dinner in the morning," says King Harkinian.
Chicks'll dig me!
I'm not having you boss me around, man.
This can't have been an accident.
I'll have you know I've been in the business for over a decade.
I'll make sure he doesn't escape justice.
Please tell me all these horrible accusations are a lie.
I can't go on like that.
I have worked on the farm all day.
I would have long ago lost track of how many sentences I contributed to Tatoeba, were it not for the count.
Tom spent more than three years in jail.
Tom spent three decades in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Don't put words in my mouth that I haven't said.
My sister has the habit of underlining words she doesn't know while reading.
She threatened Mary.
The ideas come slowly.
Our Valera is so sad — the dick he sucked must've tasted bad.
Have you ever sucked a penis?
Thou shalt not damn well swear.
I met him by chance in the city.
It seems that everybody wanted one of those.
Tom poked the fire with a stick.
You're not allowed here.
You're not allowed in here.
Tom tried to make amends with his children for having neglected them so much when they were younger.
Tom has attempted to make amends by contributing to the orphanage's building fund.
Tom is aware that he hasn't been a good father and is trying to make amends.
There are only three people on my list that I haven't yet made amends to.
Tom tried to make amends by giving back all the money he had stolen.
I want to work as a volunteer to make amends for everything I've done.
Tom tried to make amends by apologizing publicly on his website.
I remain committed to making amends to everyone I have hurt.
I've already made amends to most of the people on my list.
Tom suggested to Mary that she apologize and make amends.
I haven't yet made amends with all the people I've hurt.
Making amends is the first step toward rehabilitation.
Tom made amends to Mary by taking her out to dinner.
It's never too late to make amends for harm done.
Tom wants to begin the process of making amends.
Tom tried to make amends and apologize to Mary.
Tom says it's not too late to make amends.
Tom and Mary made amends with each other.
Tom attempted to make amends with Mary.
I want to make amends for my behavior.
Tom says he's made amends with Mary.
Tom said he wanted to make amends.
Tom felt he needed to make amends.
What has Tom done to make amends?
We're not trying to make amends.
Tom has promised to make amends.
How do you plan to make amends?
Now it's time to make amends.
I'm ready to make amends.
When I wear a wig no one notices.
He drives a car, right?
The police will investigate that case.
I yelled.
'OK' is said to be the most popular word in the world.
I have a book with children's stories.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken as John's older sister.
She turned off the computer.
She switched off the computer.
No one but Tom handed back the report.
I saw her for a moment.
The radio is on the table.
Her one wish was to return and see her only daughter one last time.
He can run a hundred meters in twelve seconds.
Give me a receipt for the books that have been purchased.
Tom was the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
I don't skin their animals.
John's mother looks very young, so she is often mistaken for his older sister.
That was the first time I drove a car.
I don't comment on their articles.
Clearly, it would be worthwhile for me to read this book.
I think he's hiding something.
Who likes war?
The sun will set soon.
That was the first time I had ever driven a car.
Excuse me for being dressed like this.
I hope they'll understand you anyway.
She hates the rules.
Hans Christian Andersen's stories made him the most famous Dane in the world.
Finally he was there.
I got my son to fix the door.
A solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
Can I visit an art gallery?
I like when you kiss me on the lips. No, on the cheek.
Do you know the rules of soccer?
The two dogs fought over the bone.
The scenery is breathtaking.
Your truth is not my truth.
She did not desire his death.
Why don't you thank your wife a little?
Why don't you give your wife a little thanks?
Keep an eye on my suitcases.
You can have a lot of friends, until you want to go stay with them.
Sleep well, Timmy.
I hope my car doesn't break down and I get to you on time.
You are going entirely too fast.
No matter how tired you are, that work has to be finished today.
The child is crying, because it wants to eat.
Can you say everything in Esperanto that you need to say?
Why don't you ask for a day off?
Have you heard anything about her recently?
I am so beautiful that when I see myself, I cannot look away, sometimes for days.
For rescuing me, I shall grant you one wish.
Busy with what?
That's the best name I've ever heard.
Two of the most important things you can have in your life are friendships and dreams.
Laughing really is good for you.
Laughing is really good for you.
Tom laughed so much tears ran down his cheeks.
Tom is Caucasian.
Tom has as many servants as he needs.
Tom solved as many problems as he was asked to.
Tom drinks as much water as his body needs.
Mary bought scented garbage bags.
Tom is wearing a wind jacket.
That's not something to go by.
Why does your brother hate me?
Tom used a level to check whether the wall was straight.
This cooking technique has passed into oblivion.
Tom is a Turk.
Mary is a Turk.
Turks are a very friendly nation.
Greeks are good cooks.
Tom is Greek.
Mary is Greek.
Tom drank his coffee with enjoyment.
Mary is scraping her heels.
Don't interfere when grown-ups are talking.
I am your mother. I am to be obeyed - not questioned.
Tom is Mary's make out buddy.
A cobra bit Tom.
This is the house.
I can see the improvement.
Don't cry over spilled milk.
I hate those words.
Do you think I don't know what is going on?
Look backward!
I am your past.
She hates rules.
Hans Christian Anderson's fairytales made him the world's best-known Dane.
An agreement acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
That was a life-transforming experience.
"Tom, have some more salad." "I don't eat that rabbit food!"
Are you from America?
He ate a fourth of the cake.
She ate a fourth of the cake.
He ate a quarter of the cake.
She ate a quarter of the cake.
I remember it.
They're on the eighth floor.
I don't know what his name is.
See you tomorrow in church!
They demanded a higher salary.
They demanded higher pay.
I don't need dinner. After the meeting I'm going out for drinks.
Dear Santa Claus: For Christmas I would like a girlfriend.
Is this how you pronounce this?
Do you have friends in your class?
Do you have friends in your year?
Are there people in your class you get along with?
Do you know where the acronym "PDF" comes from?
Is there anything you want to eat?
What time do you think it is? Where have you been out so late?
That's just the problem.
Is there any bread?
Is it included in the price?
Don't screw with me!
Tom didn't know Mary.
I bought a few books from the bookstore.
Savvy?
Bread with butter tastes very good.
Give me something I can cut this with.
See you tomorrow at the library!
You're all hypocritical.
Oil is more precious than human life to you, right?
If I want, they will kill her.
If I want, they will kill you.
Don't stand in my way. Stay out of my business!
I've dreamt about you nearly every night this week.
How many secrets can you keep?
So have you got the guts?
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.
Do I wanna know?
Sad to see you go.
Call your brother to help you set the table.
I have another person on the line.
I will call you in a few minutes.
I don't like the idea of working on the weekends.
That's what you call good luck.
Oil is not everything, Charley!
I didn't think our team was really this bad.
This world is an illusion, brother.
You are not looking!
"Which word?" I asked.
Can you write it down?
I am too lazy.
I have to study really hard.
Don't think you won't get punished for what you did.
Both of you are wrong.
You still think I'm bluffing?
Do you still think I'm bluffing?
Of course I'll write the letter in English.
What's your favorite language?
This word is difficult.
I'm too much of a lazybones.
I don't think you have to know it.
I don't have other things to study.
I know all the numbers, colors and things at home by heart.
Learning by heart is not the best way how to remember things.
I know something!
It cannot be bad.
He is very nervous about the exam in his English class.
They have been friends for more than years.
Her mom is from Spain and her dad is from Italy. That's why she can speak both Spanish and Italian.
He is studying English in school but he thinks it's too difficult.
He is also twelve years old but he is still younger than her.
I will always be younger than you are.
Where's my little princess?
He really likes languages.
It's my passion.
I love speaking Spanish.
She is just a little girl.
I love the name Bella. It means pretty, right?
Jorge is such a beautiful name.
This is the house of Mary, her brother and their parents.
Everything in her room is small.
She really likes playing with him.
Ally loves playing with her twin sister Anne.
You have no natural mother tongue. Isn't that a pity?
The defamatory article can still be read on the website of the newspaper mentioned above.
The libelous column can still be read on the website of the previously mentioned newspaper.
Brother or sister, both are siblings.
I have nothing else to study.
I hate doing this stuff!
I've decided I don't want to be famous.
Tom, don't listen to them!
I also prefer white chocolate to regular chocolate.
They abandon their children.
Who recommended Tom for the position?
I think Tom's here.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
She's always finding fault in him.
Invite him to come watch a movie.
He said it was nine o'clock.
Tom thought otherwise.
What kind of stain is that?
I don't like working on weekends.
I wish I didn't have to work this weekend.
I'll go wash my hands.
It's really warm here, isn't it? Should I turn on the air conditioning?
Will you give me the recipe for your salad?
The truth is the best lie.
"How much did you pay for this?" "Like euros." "That's crazy cheap! Are you serious?"
A man should either be bald or have long hair!
"Me?" "Yes, you!"
Could I have a spoon?
He has dinner at six.
There's no coffee left.
I had never given it much thought.
Spiders need love too.
The pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.
Fruit flies like bananas.
I am learning Spanish.
Now is the time to drink.
We know it's hard to quit smoking.
I'd like to ask a favor.
"Have you heard of the term 'open source'?" "Yes, what about it?"
The due date for submitting the application is this Friday.
Ten years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Is love just a game to you?
I am afraid your translation is overly literal.
It's all Toma's doing.
He blinked.
The lives of people are short.
Esperanto is an international language.
The economic situation of the country worsened.
If he's a journalist, I'm a star.
I have to do that every day to keep living.
That truck is not transporting what people think.
You must study five pages per day.
We still don't know anything about two ships.
We could hardly reach the shore.
To his credit he knows what he's talking about.
This event benefits no one.
Don't hurry, be happy!
God could not be everywhere, therefore he created mothers.
A speed bump is used for a forced speed reduction of the car.
My wife is mendacious for dating another man behind my back.
Instead of giving me another mendacious story, just be honest for once.
He kept insisting that he wasn't wrong.
She was a perfectly self-possessed child.
I almost died with embarrassment when I fell over in the street.
Exhilaration filled her as she raced down the street.
Tom's blinks became longer and longer as he entered the twilight zone between wakefulness and sleep.
Many hundreds of lives could be saved each year if all cars were fitted with driver wakefulness monitors.
People often spill their guts to bartenders.
Milk is nutritious.
Masha dreams of starting a revolution, but is quite afraid.
I'm not used to drinking tap water.
I'm not happy with your behavior.
The fifth column is beginning to leave Russia. The first four "columns" — leading intellectuals, scientists, engineers, real political opposition — emigrated long ago. Only patriots, old men and gendarmes still remain in the country.
When one door closes, open another one.
When one says things like <<All Colombians are proud of this and that thing>> it is speaking for others.
Do not speak for others.
That branch is the one that is falling.
Do not worry, Hiroshi, that in this life we all arrive where we need to be.
I hope you won't sing.
Is it true that Tom thinks I believe that?
In this city there are neighborhoods.
The eyeliner pencil is used to make fine lines.
I suggest we wait for one more hour.
On this street it is prohibited to park vehicles but loading and unloading is permitted from nine at night until eight in the morning.
That dictator gags the opposition parties.
There is a Japanese saying that goes: <<The nail that protrudes is hammered.>>
Some say the Shroud of Turin is a photo made by Leonardo da Vinci using a camera obscura.
Your pupil is blue and when you laugh, its muted clarity reminds me of the shimmering dazzling light of the morning that is reflected in the sea. Your pupil is blue and when you cry, I imagine the translucent tears as drops of dew on a violet. Your pupil is blue, and when, in its aura, like a point of light radiating an idea, it appears to me as a lost star in the evening sky.
Dark and empty is the night if your eyes do not look at me, if your mouth does not speak, if you, girl, do not sigh, it destroys my soul, so I look at you each day, and with your quiet look, you catch another glance. (Pablo Ruiz Arrabal -a friend of mine-)
One of the customs of the employees is to meet almost every day at a bar or restaurant at the end of the workday to get intoxicated with alcohol and forget about their miserable life until the next day.
Increase the heat to brown the corn cake on both sides.
The gardener cuts back the bushes with shears and the grass with a scythe.
Give me two black shirts.
My employment is not steady, only seasonal work.
Occupational stability is of great concern to recently graduated students.
The fire department has more modern vehicles now.
How do I convert miles to kilometers?
How do I convert pesos to bolívares?
From what material is the frame of your glasses?
They did not let them enter because they were not on the guest list.
Programmers are trying to reproduce the error in order to correct it.
Press the green button to play the video and the red one to stop it.
Computer games are examples of software multimedia because they combine text, images, animation, video, and sound.
Montoya has a digital scale in the bathroom and uses it once a week to control his weight.
Application developers decided to use a functional programming language.
Many applications are unsuccessful because, despite working internally as they should, their graphical interfaces are not functional, making end users reject them immediately.
It is difficult for the Japanese to articulate the sound of the r.
Tell her I'm hungry.
In this semester, students study and apply statistical sampling techniques.
What percentage of illnesses are associated with inadequate diets?
Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.
What is this flower called?
The training of lions is very dangerous.
When I was a child, only children from wealthy families had ringed notebooks.
Raise the blinds to let in a little light.
The day is gray and there is much snow in the mountains.
She has husband and two daughters.
The pool is closed because they are changing the broken tiles.
They say that many Buddhist monks have exceptional abilities like levitation, abandoning the body and later returning to it at will.
Doesn't matter to me where we're going to eat. I entirely entrust that to you.
I've searched everywhere but I can't find it.
Despite being small you are of great value.
Must he be able to speak English?
Her daughter is not a good cook.
His mother was standing in the doorway.
He is very fearful.
This is too expensive.
He's afraid.
My scarf is blue.
Yesterday I bought a three pound watermelon.
I'm not used to drinking water from the tap.
Must we wait for them here?
The children will be happy.
Now I've lost all hope of reaching any type of agreement with him.
Sometimes I sleep on my back, sometimes on my stomach, and other times on my side.
Korean food is generally spicy.
Tom does not have friends.
In the Chelyabinsk region there are two Tatar villages with French names - Paris and Fère-Champenoise.
Thalia's my favorite singer.
The Japanese language has three different alphabets: hiragana, katakana and kanji.
The dead are always wrong.
I no longer need them.
I feel dead inside.
I feel like death.
He who is absent is always in the wrong.
We live in Hungary.
"You really overthink things."
Before graduation, I went to visit my teacher to express my gratitude for everything he'd done for me.
Have you ever seen anyone wearing green lipstick? I haven't.
I don't prefer to wear red lipstick.
Please, don't wear this lipstick again.
My favorite color of lipstick is pink.
At mosques, scarves, skirts and cardigans are offered for women to wear.
At the mosques, prayer rugs are generally found.
Emo people wear black lipstick.
Do you know where I can go online?
It's yours for the taking.
I have something to declare.
He sells vegetables.
My grandmother had a green prayer rug.
Where is the local Internet café?
Baku is located on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula.
My friend was not at home yesterday.
We are waiting impatiently to spend an evening at home with no guests.
I thought I was going to suffocate on that train, which was absolutely packed.
Tell her I'm hanging up the laundry.
My arm is very sore where you hit me.
Yesterday, she committed suicide.
Yesterday, she took her own life.
That rule always applies.
What is this lipstick trace on your shirt?
My mother always wears lipstick.
I don't like to wear lipstick.
When you're done sweeping, I'll mop.
As there was a fly in my coffee, I didn't have to pay the bill.
I ignored it.
I neglected it.
You drove me crazy.
He drinks red wine.
He's drinking red wine.
Fix the clock on the wall.
She had heard nothing from her agent for a month.
Her eyes were wide open in surprise.
Who doesn't like having their back scratched?
They'll be taking turns teaching the class.
Sometimes it makes things very complicated.
The knight knelt obligingly before his king.
The coming winter would be one they would not soon forget.
I think you're too drunk to drive.
I hope they form an alliance that will endure.
From the tunnel came the muted sound of a train whistle.
He could see that his king would be checkmated within five moves.
He believed Tom would not be able to catch the train tonight.
Although he generally liked wine, he didn't care for the bottle Mary brought.
Some thought him unkind.
Give peace, Lord.
Do you like to wear nail polish?
I don't like to wear nail polish.
The smell of nail polish is bad.
Where did you buy this nail polish?
"Mum, may I borrow your nail polish?" "Yes, you can borrow it."
Prescriptive linguists are literally the worst.
He doesn't care.
I had strange dreams last night.
Last night, I had strange dreams.
The white horse is taller than the black one.
It's three-thirty.
It's half past three.
Don't you come in here!
You did this on purpose!
He needs to leave.
It took Tom ages to untangle his fishing line.
Call me tonight.
My sister stole my nail polish.
Where does your mother live?
Could you concentrate a bit more on your exercises? Otherwise, you'll never finish them.
Remember that singer from before, Komuro or Himuro, or something, who used to do that bizarre dance?
I've never seen such a tough nut.
He has just become headmaster.
Don't forget that all of us are in the same boat.
We still know nothing about the two ships.
Women who claim to love Disney films are, in most cases, suffering mentally.
I know it is terrible.
I am a fish in the river.
Yo, man, this shit is top notch.
For you, failure is the only option.
Secrets are a sad thing to have.
Please bring me vinegar and oil.
My head is full of other things right now.
Please get your junk out of this room.
People who speak dozens of languages fluently astonish me.
Fashion is a fickle thing.
Fashion is a fickle mistress.
You dare not look me in the face, or else I will rip you apart.
Bow before me, for I am your master!
Never before have I been so dumbfounded by a simple remark.
I used to consider this piece rather mediocre, but it's grown on me since then, and now I find it quite enjoyable to listen to.
Even in the most difficult situations, Tom has never lost heart.
I don't know. It depends on my mood.
Is there anything wrong about it?
Do you ever get the feeling that your sentences have been going largely unnoticed?
Can you learn?
I want to learn Kazakh.
"How did you like your breakfast, my liege?" "Oh, it had a wonderful dinner-like quality. I'm glad to have such a dedicated cook as you are." "I am ever happy to serve you my best, my King."
My father doesn't understand me.
Tom is hot-headed.
It is now all the rage in Hyrule to have dinner for breakfast, after the King's fashion.
He's not good enough for you.
Happiness is so much more enjoyable when it's based on the misery of others.
We have not been able to contact anyone on our list.
What am I being considered for?
He didn't know a thing about it.
He had never traveled outside his home city.
But those hypotheses are still an object of discussion in the world of science.
I feel that I would be too far from the reality of this person.
He's one who might cause us some problems.
Mosquitoes consider human beings a dangerous but necessary source of nutrition.
The first fully electronic computer was developed near the middle of the last century.
She was denied any possibility of emigration.
We will ask at a travel agency.
That lady is very good looking.
You just touched on the topic I would like to discuss.
What's an amino acid?
Construction materials are very expensive at this time.
The child dug a grave for the dead animal.
The theory of the separation of powers is attributed to Montesquieu in his book "The Spirit of the Laws."
My cousin traveled to Spain two years ago, however my aunt has not yet heard from him.
Personally, I prefer chocolate eggs over colored chicken eggs.
This news is too good to be true.
Do you have to give a talk?
Apple trees bloom in spring.
He allowed his books to fall on the floor.
The amount of water in the planet remains constant.
He watches television every night.
Hydropower is a renewable resource.
Hydropower is a renewable resource, but oil, coal and natural gas are not.
Does everyone agree with the minutes?
I'll repeat the most important ideas.
Mary is sorry she cannot attend.
Tom is sorry he cannot attend.
Tom and Mary are sorry they cannot attend.
I want Mary to let Tom finish.
I want Tom to let Mary finish.
I want Mary to let Tom speak.
I want Tom to let Mary speak.
Who is chairing the meeting today?
Can we move on to the next item?
Let's move on to the next item.
Let's talk about it in the next meeting.
Just a moment. Let Mary finish.
Just a moment. Let Tom finish.
Just a moment. Let him finish.
Just a moment. Let her finish.
Just a moment. Can I just finish?
Just a moment. I haven't finished yet.
I think that's all for today. Thank you for coming.
Tom and Mary send their apologies.
Is everybody ready? Let's make a start.
We need to find new people to work in the kitchen.
I disagree with you on this.
Mary asked for Tom's opinion.
Tom asked for Mary's opinion.
The chair stars the meeting.
Mary disagrees with Tom.
Tom disagrees with Mary.
You're more beautiful than I imagined.
I want to see your picture.
What do you want to know about Turkey?
He says he isn't going to leave Turkey anymore.
That is apparently the way the world ticks.
"Looking to buy an L-shaped couch. Message me if you're interested in selling one." "I have one. Here's a picture." "Unfortunately, that is not shaped like an L." "It's a lower-case L."
Man always thinks about the past before he dies, as if he were frantically searching for proof that he truly lived.
Freedom is something you have to fight for, rather than something you're given.
Trust is earned, not ingratiated.
I'm too lazy to wake up at six o'clock in the morning.
A child not wanting to go to school can be a sign that it's being bullied.
Slow learners often don't want to go to school.
Obsequious people make me feel uncomfortable.
Ingratiating behaviour can be really annoying.
Every object tells a story.
We will rescue them.
And everyone laughed at me for believing that the troll would return. It is a great curse to be right a high perсentage of the time.
She doesn't like people who are not punctual.
My grandmother pulled out a handful of green beans, poured them into an ancient pan, toasted them patiently, ground them in a wooden hand mill with a copper handle, carefully squeezed the result into an old-fashioned Hungarian espresso maker, put it on a tray, and two hours later, it was coffee.
When I call someone stupid, it's not an insult. I'm indicating to him that he has broad potential for intellectual development.
Human rights are universal.
Tom has two foreign friends.
I can take a picture with my phone if you want.
She hates Facebook.
I like the color black.
Do both sentences really say the same thing?
I am not fat!
I am sure I am in love with her.
I have been working here for days.
We've had such good weather lately.
The movie was so good I'd like to see it again.
You are German?
Her work is better than mine.
That is a recognized American author.
She is afraid you might be lost.
The health sector is one of the biggest problems for the country.
What's the name of the girl we saw at the festival?
Despite his being so tall, women find him quite attractive.
Are you German?
Your criticism is unfounded.
"It's just a big circle, you get high, you get tricked, you get the money and you just keep going around and going around, and you have to break off all of them to even be doing okay." Breaking Free The women at Breaking Free support each other while they discuss the difficulty of leaving sex work It is an uphill battle. "I just need the support and to believe in myself that I can make it. It's a funny spot I'm in."
"It's just a big circle, you get high, you get tricked, you get the money and you just keep going around and going around, and you have to break off all of them to even be doing okay." It is an uphill battle. "I just need the support and to believe in myself that I can make it. It's a funny spot I'm in."
Many municipalities have reduced chlorination and now also use ultraviolet light to sanitize the public supply of drinking water.
Even the popular senator was surprised that thousands of people would throng to his political rallies.
Some musicians and actors hire security guards to help fend off their over-eager fans.
After a dentist killed Zimbabwe's most famous lion, animal-rights activists were angry that he planned to mount the lion's head and sleek, bushy mane on an office wall.
Although scientists and skeptics have many times managed to debunk conspiracy theories, believers nevertheless maintain an unreasoning attachment to the discredited ideas.
In the US, poverty, deprivation and exploitation draws thousands of its own children down into a dark underworld that offers few ways out.
The damage may reach HUF 300,000.
They pulled out the nails.
Tom threw caution to the wind and booked a skydiving lesson.
The crime scene was in a dilapidated motel.
It should be noted that "let me go" and "let go of me" do not mean exactly the same thing.
Try to learn some grammar.
His dissertation is better than mine.
What will you do this afternoon?
I'm not leaving them.
You're not for me. I know that very well.
I barely have enough money for food.
Mary is my wife.
He's a very attractive man.
No more bets.
Let's drink to us.
This game is not bad.
There are many benefits to being beautiful.
I just wanted to know if you were in trouble.
We would have learned Esperanto if we'd had more time.
We dated on a semi regular basis until she moved to Australia.
His proposal isn't very important.
We stayed awake all night telling ghost stories.
Everyone will be satisfied.
During my free time I like to hang out with my friends.
Prometheus brought down fire to Earth to the mankind.
Do you believe in prophecy?
Clothespins are used to hang up clothes.
I wish God did exist.
Have you ever seen God?
Has anybody seen God?
Many biometric systems are based on the fingerprint scanner.
When I get bored, bad things happen.
He is only a man.
People were created to be loved, things were created to be used. The world is in chaos, because everything is opposite.
The seeds have germinated.
Nine years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Have you ever greeted the small peach tree in German?
Morning, sleepyheads!
Good morning, you sleepyheads!
Good morning, you sleepy head.
Good morning, you sleepyhead.
The football player has made a huge mistake.
For the first time, in 1969, man touched the lunar surface.
I really have nothing else to say.
You liked to swim.
Just kidding.
Only joking.
Tom wasn't so stupid as to tell Mary what he really thought.
Our grandfather is ill.
Somebody told me that I shouldn't trust you.
Dunno.
I have a 64-bit processor.
Everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times.
Fuck it.
Fuck everything.
There were a fucking lot of them there.
We heard.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to school together.
I'm seasick.
I realize that this is a difficult decision for you.
Where's the cafeteria?
Where is the dining hall?
Nancy rested her elbows on her knees.
Do you have plans for dinner?
Do you have dinner plans?
I have no place that I can say I'm from.
The internet is such an incredible development.
Kidney beans shouldn't be eaten raw.
I'm not holding you back.
To start things off, we encourage you to go to your profile and let us know which languages you speak or are interested in.
People tend to forget that water really freezes at zero degrees.
Attention swimmers! Don't stay in the water too long. Remember that in December it freezes.
She finds reading boring.
Fish have gills and fins.
The bodies of reptiles are covered by scales.
I have finally received my British passport.
I can go there by foot.
In this high school, what person is the Spanish teacher?
"As the ancient Hebrews three times each year convened in Jerusalem in order to enliven within them the love of the monotheist idea, so we every year convene in the capital city of Esperantism in order to enliven within us the love of the Esperantist idea. And this is the primary essence and the main goal of our congresses."
Zamenhof's books are not easily found.
The cat which you found is mine.
Not all Brazilians enjoy Carnival.
"We never hid our idea; never could there be even the smallest doubt about it, because everything spoke about it."
Your attitude makes me proud.
I am proud of your attitude.
"This idea accompanied Esperanto from the first moment of its birth until the present time. It impelled the author of Esperanto when he was still a little child."
Their goal and activating main idea was indeed brotherhood and justice among the peoples.
He plucked one of his few strands of beard.
They intend to drag the river for the missing person.
My sense of self preservation keeps me from jumping out of perfectly good airplanes.
I don't like the idea, but we'll have to let him choose his team.
How is everybody?
Grammar is very difficult.
We're all friends on Tatoeba!
I don't have hobbies, except for football.
That's totally crazy.
I don't have any other hobbies besides football.
There's only one way to live.
His heart is full of happiness.
I'm going out today.
Did you bake a cake?
Tom doesn't eat as much as Mari.
We should probably ask Tom.
I wonder where Joe went?
Do you think Tom is lying to us?
Tom explained in detail, but I didn't quite understand.
Doesn't it seem strange to you?
I didn't steal it. I only borrowed it.
"I'll get to class on time," I thought.
French fries without vinegar, please.
I'm going to release you.
Well, well, well, what have we here?
If you're reading this… Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
We sat around the campfire.
Have you played that game again?
You asked me for help.
He drained his glass in one gulp.
The plumber pumped out the water in order to drain the pipe.
We need to vacate the house by the end of the month at the latest.
Empty your pocket.
This street is dark.
He emptied his glass in one gulp.
The house collapsed under the weight of the snow.
I was late for work.
How am I supposed to understand that?
If it rains tomorrow, I will not be going.
I think that he has mumps.
Is Mr. Al-Obaid here?
We were married under cherry trees.
We are drinking grape-banana juice.
With more than two million e-mails sent every second, someone, somewhere, is sending an e-mail as we speak.
At this very moment, nearly 10,Tweets are being sent.
What a pity! He was a good professor. May he rest in peace.
He put on a hat.
I feel ugly.
Is there anybody else who knows the way?
No one will come.
Are they big?
We want to speak with Tom.
That suit looks expensive.
Tom is a true hero.
We should go to sleep.
Seals are clumsy and ponderous on land, but very graceful in the water.
The old professor's lectures are long-winded and ponderous.
May the gods and goddesses always bless you.
May the gods and goddesses always bless you all.
In fact, he lied.
In fact, he was lying.
What is the date of your birthday?
Tom's creative thinking nicely complemented Mary's organizational talents.
The opposites yin and yang pursue each other through time.
Hey you! What do you have in that green bag?
That conference is held every year.
The worst thing happened.
Prostaglandins are a substance which protect the lining of the digestive system.
That's a crime against humanity!
The woman used a nasal spray because she had a severe cold.
She has asthma.
When you see Mary give her this note.
Fighting is not permitted in the War Room.
Whatever is, is.
Listen up! The first rule of the Tautology Club is the first rule of the Tautology Club.
Oh dear, this pain is so unbearable I can hardly take it. I wonder if I will survive the night.
Get away from me, you creep!
After that day I ceased to be capable of genuine heartfelt concern.
What is the smallest distance ever measured?
This video gave me a great laugh.
You will always remember me.
Are you afraid of creepy stories?
Imagination is a very potent tool.
I've been trying my best to be sociable.
Sometimes I feel afraid of myself.
Fear is scary.
How many people are in the store?
I am looking at the map.
I have an elephant.
The dog is eating its food.
Danger is dangerous.
The boy is reading his book.
Beauty is beautiful in itself.
Boredom is itself boring, hence it tends to feed on itself.
I was living in Qatar.
I was walking around the school.
What if we all are brains in vats and every sensory perception is illusionary?
I want with you to conquer the world but I feel we can't go too far.
Being an amateur translator, Tom often makes the mistake of writing translationese.
Stop. This is not funny.
Who was the man you sat next to?
Tom has never been invited to parties.
I hope you have changed your mind.
One day, we will understand.
I could have left my umbrella in the bus.
Tom made a film about his childhood.
Many independent films are made on low budgets.
The actor was accidentally shot dead during the making of the movie.
Take one of me.
I couldn't see him when I went out. I thought "She must have gone."
She could have waited for me and helped me to carry the table.
"What is four plus five?" "Four plus five is nine."
There were hidden cameras everywhere.
He can finish ten boxes of corn flakes in one sitting.
My sister is an English teacher.
Human beings are not made to understand life, but to live it.
His negotiations, far from ending in failure, achieved dazzling success.
Water freezes at zero Celsius, right?
Don't come into the kitchen.
What is your cellphone's brand?
How many people are there in the shop?
Fifteen hundred migrants stormed the Channel Tunnel.
Then the journey is continued through the tunnel under the English Channel, to France, the land of Charlemagne and Napoleon.
You can't reason with a drunk.
You can't reason with a fundamentalist, regardless of whether they're a christian or an atheist.
I'm allergic to corn.
I will hit Mary.
Maybe Mary will be killed by someone.
Now Tom can handle the truth.
Tom doesn't want to marry Mary.
Chocolate and strawberries eaten together is sheer heaven.
The Master said, "If a man be without the virtues proper to humanity, what has he to do with the rites of propriety? If a man be without the virtues proper to humanity, what has he to do with music?"
I love Occitan.
I love this language.
Is it not pleasant to learn with a constant perseverance and application?
Is it not delightful to have friends coming from distant quarters?
Is he not a man of complete virtue, who feels no discomposure though men may take no note of him?
Tom curses you.
Tom condemns you.
The residents protested outside the sex shop that opened in their neighborhood recently.
I found out the hard way.
I found that out the hard way.
The teacher asked Tom to read his essay aloud.
I don't want to spend my whole life here.
I didn't want to spend my whole life there.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
I don't know why I'm laughing.
Did you and Tom have an argument?
Did you and Tom have an argument today?
I thought you two knew each other.
The superior man bends his attention to what is radical. That being established, all practical courses naturally grow up.
I heard her voice in my sleep.
I heard his voice in my sleep.
I taught him everything he knows.
I taught her everything she knows.
Apparently, you're very good at it.
Apparently, he's very good at it.
I warned you once.
I warned you once, but you didn't listen.
I warned him once, but he didn't listen.
I warned her, but she didn't listen.
That's an old German custom.
That's an old American custom.
That's an old Russian custom.
That's an old Japanese custom.
That's an old Canadian custom.
Make hay while the sun shines.
This is an ancient Chinese custom.
Tom is not very good at it.
There isn't anyone here but us.
At first, I was puzzled.
Mary married me this morning.
Look Tom, it's stopped raining.
Look Tom, it's stopped raining!
You were really good, too.
Tom is going to be famous someday.
She's going to be famous someday.
German restaurants do not automatically serve water.
"Are you happy now?" "Yes, I am."
What all have you bought, child?
I'm going to be famous one day.
Have you done it? Already? Oh! Leave it there.
Look at this book, this page is cool!!
You put fish paste in Samlar Machou Kreung.
I'm finely grinding the chilies.
Is there any dipping sauce for this grilled meat?
While walking, we should know to look to the left and to the right.
Look! Here they come crossing the water.
Where is she? She is in the kitchen.
Let's start working.
Come back, OK?
Come on back, OK?
Do it according to this.
Don't be such an ass.
Let's go over there; it'll be easier for us to talk.
What are you carrying there?
It's about to rain; bring in the clothes.
It's stifling hot today. There's no wind at all.
How is it? Is it alright?
How is it? Is it enough?
My wife and I prefer to spend time at home together.
My husband and I prefer to spend time at home together.
Don't forget to bring it, OK?
The scenery at the plantation is so delightful!
These photos are very pretty!
Is it bland or not?
Phnom Penh was flooded two or three days ago.
These days, it rains frequently.
This fruit is very sour.
What? Does it please you?
Have you taken shots of this place already?
I wonder whether he'll marry him.
My phone is ringing!
Do you dare or not?
It's late already. Go home.
I'll try to keep him distracted.
I'll try to keep her distracted.
I wanted to flatter her.
You are mistaken: he plays double bass, not trombone.
I want to be a doctor in the future.
I want to be a physician in the future.
Do you live in Lebanon?
Is Mr. Al-Abeed here?
How many people are there in the store?
We will learn the Abjad in this lesson.
We'll learn the alphabet in this lesson.
The young boy is reading his book.
The dog is eating his food.
Can you find Doha on the map?
We return to the ship.
I was marching around the school.
Is speaking in English hard?
I can count to a hundred.
How much is the shirt?
How much does the shirt cost?
This is a beautiful flower, isn't it?
I will say this only once, so listen carefully.
Who will sing tonight?
Do you have your keys on you?
He's a wonderful scholar.
From which Surah is this Ayah from?
From which chapter is this verse?
Which chapter is this verse from?
My friend is a chatty man.
I don't work today.
Happy birthday, my beloved friend.
I get off at the next station.
I don't drink tea.
I've just won million in Poker!
He was dancing with her.
Do you like to write?
I will put on my glasses because I can't hear you.
I think I drank too much.
I saw his daughter was crying.
It will not be easy to sell such a house.
I would give up my own life if it would save hers.
Give me liberty or death!
My name is very rare in our country.
What she said was an enigma to me.
He is a very serious person.
She has as many stamps as I do.
He's the only one who knows the truth.
Many people say that learning a foreign language requires mastery of vocabulary and grammar.
At that time nobody lived on the island.
She understands French.
More and more people drink orange juice.
I'm not forcing you.
I prefer red.
They're not jealous.
The plate slipped from my hands.
To translate a Czech text is very difficult.
My son still cannot count.
These fancy upgrades only serve to snailify the car.
Enjoy your food.
Don't make any noise because I am ill.
Don't go out because it is cold.
You can't ride a bike because you're only five years old.
I am fed up with everything.
I suppose you already know how we solve the problem but you just don't want to tell us.
If you want your sentences to be translated, your best option is to write them in English.
I'll change my shirt before I go.
What is this one?
Again and again; you still haven't changed at all.
The food is very yummy tonight.
The policeman drew the revolver.
To accept gifts is human, to give to the poor is of gods.
I don't think this armchair is comfortable.
While there is a plurality of Tatoeba sentences in English, it is encouraging that Esperanto, Italian, German, Turkish, Russian, French and Spanish already have respectable numbers of sentences as well.
If native speakers of Turkish contribute new, natural-sounding sentences in their own language or translate into Turkish the non-Turkish sentences which they can fully understand, then Tatoeba will become an even better resource for everyone, for example, who is learning English via Turkish or learning Turkish via English.
Sure. Good luck!
You can use Tatoeba to test yourself.
He gets his hair cut three times a month.
There is an apple in the boy's pocket.
I had barely enough potable water for a week.
Time you've enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
His life's goal was the "internal idea." Because the Boulogne declaration only alluded to the language, he felt the necessity to also define clearly the motto of ideal Esperantists.
In the autumn, after Cambridge, the executive body of the "Delegation for selecting an international language" met in Paris.
A videocamera is in the office.
That's extra.
I was ready to.
I was ready too.
I'm ready as well.
I'm ready to.
Would you be ready to?
Would you guys be ready to?
Just about.
Yes, I'm cumming.
After Tom died, Mary found the house filled with a jumble of newspapers, children's toys and old holiday decorations. With stoic determination, Mary began to unjumble the attic contents before she put the rest of the house in order.
I could do with your help.
I'd be forever grateful if you could help me fix this thing.
Says who?
He was watching the planes fly by overhead.
We consider his behavior childish.
The one person I know here is Tom.
Italian verbs are grouped into three conjugations.
She walked as fast as she could in order to catch up with him.
He laced his fingers together.
He opposes this project.
He opposes this initiative.
I don't filter them.
I'll finish the book in four days.
The bamboo bent but did not break.
Food's ready!
When did the meeting end?
He stood on the floor.
She is not jealous.
Don't lie to yourself.
That's an Olympic record.
Don't scream when I stand next to you.
I think she is an expert on dance.
This regulation will take effect next year.
Was anyone in the bar?
Our train already left.
At the foot of the palm tree there grows a palm seedling.
I used to serve food at the soup kitchen around the corner.
I used to volunteer at the food pantry around the corner.
I'm tired. I'm going to bed.
Have you started preparing for the exam to enter the veterinarian program at the university?
It took guts to do what Tom did.
That doesn't change the situation one iota.
It was obvious that the muscle-bound bodybuilder had been taking steroids.
It aimed to petition the Association of Academies that it officially select a language. The response was negative.
Then in Paris, the founders convoked a committee of scientists from various countries. Three or four (Couturat, Ostwald, Jespersen, Baudouin de Courtenay) attended in person.
The others sent either a friend or a secretary.
Founded by the Paris logician Couturat with help from the Esperantists, it collected signatures from numerous groups approving the idea of an auxiliary language.
But the proposed changes contradicted one another.
In there were two votes of the central league. Both times the majority declined all changes. From then on, the movement grew more rapidly.
Against reformation stood chiefly and even fanatically the Marquis de Beaufront. In Geneva he took part in the congress and indignantly protested against the magazines which made use of new forms.
On the contrary, Zamenhof always advised testing the new forms through usage.
The hundredth World Congress of Esperanto occurred in Lille, in northern France, between the twenty-fifth of July and the first of August of 2015; it was successful and emotionally touching.
Having travelled back to Warsaw, Zamenhof collected a very cheerful impression of England.
If Esperanto was progressing so greatly during the preceding twelve years, the main reason lay in the fact that theoretical discussion concerning the language itself had already ceased.
"The citizens of Cambridge accept us today not as merchants who bring them profit but as apostles of the world-citizenship idea, which they understand and appreciate."
At the beginning, many adherents proposed one or another little reform. Democratically, Zamenhof gave ear to all and reported them with faithful care in the La Esperantisto magazine.
For me it was a question of life or death.
In Paris his rich host Javal, a famous oculist, offered him a professorship and a salary to direct the movement, He declined. Modest and free: such were his tastes.
"We wish to create a neutral basis on which the various peoples of humanity could be peacefully and fraternally communicating with each other, not reciprocally imposing racial compartmentalization on each other."
"In the depths of our hearts we all experience the Green Ensign; we all feel that it is something more than a mere symbol of a language."
Everything like this can seem very laughable in the West. However, in the East it caused battles lasting a century.
And the more we participate in our yearly congresses, the more we associate, and the more the principles of the Green Ensign will penetrate our souls.
"Little by little, the land of Esperantists will become a school of the future, linking humanity with itself, and this comprises the most significant merits of our congresses."
He spoke justly and modestly. He spoke about Schleyer, an earlier pioneer of the world-language idea.
Already he had forgotten the harsh attacks on him by the Volapükists. He spoke only of the great work of his forerunner. He asked the congress to honour his name.
Last night I dreamt I was eating bees.
Does that mean that we won?
You should check out the tatoeba.org language website.
You should check out tatoeba.org, a website for learning different languages.
A website for learning different languages, tatoeba.org has a rich repository of sentence examples.
Tom spent many hours using the language website, tatoeba.org, to improve his English.
The language website, tatoeba.org, was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
The tatoeba.org language website was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
Tatoeba.org, a language website, was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
James, while John had had «had», had had «had had»; «had had» had had a better effect on the teacher
I liked the book which I bought yesterday very much.
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org.
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org, which I will definitely check out.
Recently someone told me about a website, tatoeba.org, a language website apparently, which I will be sure to check out.
He spoke about the sufferings and hope of humanity, about the sacred duty concerning the future of the feeling of brotherhood.
You couldn't get two people more different than Tom and Mary.
Tom found his grandmother's old diary, which he came across after her death, fascinating reading.
Hey, what did you actually think, when you agreed to that?
The total amount is payable on delivery.
His answer was crude.
Europe has fallen into a vicious circle. It has been hit not only by debt but also by a lack of growth.
You'd better take an umbrella with you.
Why don't you just be quiet?
Mary is a lesbian.
Mary is bisexual.
The term "pansexual" has recently become a popular alternative to "bisexual."
Tom identifies as queer.
The city is contaminated with that black smoke produced by engines with wheels.
I am beginning to suspect that I am the love of my life.
The benefit of being intelligent is that you can pretend to be a fool, but the reverse is not possible.
A competitor in training.
Do it well or don't do it.
Antea is a pretty woman's name.
Hookworm is a worm, a parasite of man, that sticks to the small intestine.
Tom is homophobic.
Those interested in the employment vacancy can send their resume to the human resources e-mail.
In the amphitheater of Mérida, battles between gladiators and wild beasts were held.
Misfortunes pile up.
Children jump from here to there and play with everything they encounter.
Senescence is the last stage of life.
Parking at the Mall has seven floors and each one is marked with a specific color so that people remember more easily where they left the car.
We are acquiring a bit of elephant ivory in that market of Saigon.
Japanese punk rockers and Medellín punk rockers are only alike in the way they dress; but, in terms of attitude, Medellín punk rockers are rebellious, while those from Japan are posing just for the hell of it.
My friend bought a yellow car.
Television is an audiovisual medium.
This material has a rough texture.
In Colombia, the population is classified into social strata ranging from one to six, one being the poorest and six being the richest.
Perform an experiment in creating a country from scratch.
The larger the amount of silver, the larger the amount of corruption.
Several studies, related to the temperature increase in the city, have already been published.
Antennas should be placed on the highest part of the building, preferably.
The crew can enter the underwater vehicle using a plug-in module.
The books are organized by subject.
Allende is a woman's name and a last name.
Tom suffers from homophobia.
The viability of the project needs to be studied.
I want my sandwich with four slices of tomato and roasted, not raw.
The spell checker does not recognize all Spanish words.
Corn pancakes are part of traditional peasant cuisine.
A peasant like me surely would be lost in a city so big.
For reasons mentioned previously, I have decided to resign my position.
She is the athletic trainer.
I gave away the table because it does not fit in the living room.
Describe the process used to make the estimate of annual operating expenses.
Where do I get masks for water sports?
They only sell processed foods in that store.
The computer stopped working after an automatic system update.
In August, I have a technological refresher course that lasts two months.
Marching is one of the avenues for social protest.
The old woman is ninety years old, but her cognitive abilities are impressive.
On the eve of the festival, people go out for a walk by the river.
The baskets they use to transport fruit are made with strips of cane.
The system says I do not have the necessary permissions to delete the folder.
Mary wants to become a heroine.
What is soap made of?
I'm not pregnant.
I never ask for this.
I am at war with you.
God knows what might happen for an hour!
On this tree, there is an apple on every branch.
I don't know where I've left the keys.
One of the employees' habits is to gather in some bar or restaurant at the end of the workday to get drunk and forget their miserable life until the next day.
I was buying some books from the bookstore.
I generally prefer comedies to tragedies.
If the weather is good, we'll get there tomorrow.
Wait for me, I am coming.
The sun sets.
Tom is bi.
Tom is bicurious.
The country was unable to pay its debts.
She makes at least 1,dollars a week.
My office is located downtown.
Oxygen reacts with hydrogen to make water.
The secretary called the two of them again.
Finding a good language course on the Internet is like finding the proverbial needle in a haystack.
What do you intend to do with that girl?
He only eats fruit.
The people here are very ill!
Who's the girl with you?
I still don't know if I'll want to go to the beach.
There is no reason to be afraid of the teacher.
I have no idea what either one of you is saying.
Don't walk on other people's land.
Tom is an anti-Semite.
We are not keeping any secrets.
I would like to inquire about your services and prices.
How many cities are there in the world?
"Either you'll tell the truth or..." "Or what? What will happen?"
Why are all the sentences here about Tom and Mary?
Tom lived, Tom is alive, Tom will live.
Nobody will find that treasure.
We were the ones who found the treasure.
What type of treasure are you looking for?
What kind of treasure do you seek?
It is hard for Tom to run.
It is stupid of you to come here.
It is dangerous to run here.
Tom is always sleepy.
Tom is always too sleepy for sex.
Money's tight for me this month.
Tom is too invested in the system to support anarchic revolution.
Tom is not an anti-Semite!
Tom is a straight guy.
You are the one who adores money.
You're the one who worshipped money.
I'll give you all that you deserve.
You betrayed my trust.
What kind of bread would you like for your toast? White, wheat, sourdough, or rye?
The greatest difficulty of all is the unwillingness.
Tom is also a Jew.
Tom isn't a Jew.
Tom loves humanity.
Do you think you work for me?
Tom is Japanese.
I don't love people like you.
Don't resist me.
Mary shouldn't do that.
Here's what I'll do.
This is what I'll do.
It's always darkest just before dawn.
You are still keeping secrets, right?
You're still keeping secrets from me.
Caty is lesbian.
You have got masks.
Mary is a promiscuous woman.
We're one and the same.
Maybe I'm the asshole.
Mary is giving out flowers.
When I last saw Tom he was just a babe in arms.
Mary is a fairy princess.
This snack doesn't taste good at all.
Already, or not yet?
That infernal home!
I played a game about American colonization.
Are you going to use the blender to beat the eggs?
You are sloth!
Dad, I am pregnant. Here is the list of the suspects...
My sister, Mrs. Joe Gargery, was very proud of the fact that she had brought me up 'by hand'.
Tom swallowed a chewing-gum.
You are a good mother.
If the ruling class could profit from people who are okay with themselves, they would have a lot more money.
Many athletes forego a social life, so they can achieve their performance goals.
You're only going to get one shot at this, so don't blow it.
Tom would have done much better in his exams if he'd eased back on his social life a bit.
"For the international language, the basic foundation represents that material which was, for every modern language, at the beginning of normal written literature."
I have something to be done immediately.
I remember what he used to be like.
I'm a big child.
I like ice cream.
My bicycle broke, so I had to walk.
He has never tasted alcohol.
I don't care about your opinion.
Many kinds of people live on our street.
How do you say "blog" in Latin?
Tor is useful.
Tom is stalking Mary.
Tom's English leaves much to be desired.
I will cut your fingers and tongue, Caty!
Do you consider yourself wise, Caty?
What sentences would we write if Tom and Mary died in this very moment?
Tom compulsively writes sentences every day.
We went all the way to the service station in torrential rain.
Tom biked km to the store to buy strawberries for his pregnant wife.
I think it would be better to tell him the truth.
I still clearly remember. It was seven or eight years ago. Where exactly? Were you also there?
The flu and the common cold are very contagious.
On September 3rd, I will go from Los Angeles to Seoul with a friend.
Tom and Mary are having a difficult conversation.
This new operating system is literally a Trojan horse.
That guy is very self-centered.
He's just self-centered.
I have a little money at the moment.
The way she speaks gets on my nerves.
Would you allow me to make a suggestion?
I'm sick of your crossword puzzles.
This is the shortest route to Paris.
Even though he was sick, he came to work.
Could you turn down the music, please?
He's so exhausted he can barely breathe.
I hope the bus comes soon.
He emphasized the importance of education.
I ate lunch at around eleven because I was hungry.
Most months have or days.
I have never bought so many bananas!
There's no air in this room.
Why are you taking so long?
While they were on vacation, their neighbors cared for their dog.
He's not as active as he used to be.
Antigens are substances capable of provoking the formation of antibodies.
We spent a fabulous day in the woods.
I can't remember if you are allergic to peanuts or pistachios.
This is a touchscreen, so you can use your fingers to operate the controls which are displayed on it.
I can't remember if Tom works with the deaf or the blind.
We had a fabulous day on the mountain.
The accident was caused by a fault in the refrigeration system of the appliance.
He looked at me and laughed.
This is what's wrong with our culture, but we can change it.
Fear is what's keeping you from trying.
Trying to save his failing business is what's keeping him up at night.
As much as I would like to help you, I can't.
As much as Tom tried to forget Mary, he couldn't.
As much as I like football, I prefer tennis.
As much as I like you, I think you can be a total jerk at times.
"So, do you like Mary?" "What's not to like? She's an amazing woman."
You can't finish this project.
You won't finish this project.
There are no contemporary sources backing up the existence of Jesus that do not also mention God and miracles.
You have reached your destination.
Aldi is a German discount supermarket chain.
The company overstated its profits.
The revelation took everyone by surprise.
"What would you like to do?" "Go on a picnic."
Our house has a front garden.
There is no message.
We aren't messaging.
Are you messaging?
Tom collects antique clocks.
Are you allergic to anything else?
Health is the greatest gift; satisfaction the greatest wealth; fidelity the greatest relation.
I allowed my dog to run freely.
The propagation of the HIV virus is progressing at a dreadful rate.
We walk among the lemon trees.
I fell down the stairs and hit my head.
I wish you were wrong.
I wish you were wrong, but I know that you're right.
I'm going to go there.
You took the elevator up to the third floor.
I couldn't care less about what he thinks.
Dress warmly, the night air is very cold.
Put on warm clothes, the night air is very cold.
There is often only one point between beauty and ugliness, and it is almost imperceptible.
I know he doesn't love you.
His nose is totally different.
How long would you like to stay?
Tom says that he can move objects using only the power of his mind.
You can't overdose on homeopathic medicine.
The magician made the young lady float into the air.
His sense of humor was self-deprecating, a sign of his low self-esteem.
Italians eat pasta.
Asians eat rice.
Mexicans drink tequila.
The French drink wine.
Tom can bend spoons with the power of his mind.
The stairs creaked.
The floor creaked.
The floorboards creaked.
Show me what you have got in your hand.
Tom clutched his teddy bear.
He kissed the back of her hand.
I think we may have to rethink our plan.
He lifted her hand and kissed it.
He gently lifted her hand and kissed it.
I reacted on instinct.
The bed creaked.
My muscles were aching and I was tired.
The bed creaked again.
The house was silent.
Her voice echoed through the silent house.
Who put a frog in my bed?
The chair creaked as he sat down.
The floorboards in the hall creaked.
Stop daydreaming.
Tom got dressed and slipped on his shoes.
Tom massaged my temples with his fingers.
We paid for our food and then left.
It was very different from what I had imagined.
I need a haircut.
You won't be able to finish the project.
I will find you, Charley.
I am so tense right now.
Don't we all!
He has lost all hope.
It's one of the most exclusive addresses in the city.
It'll take longer than ten minutes.
Tom fell off the wagon.
Lake Chad is continuing to shrink.
The author called her main character her hero.
I've been trying to write something for hours, but nothing comes to my mind.
A court without ladies is like a garden without flowers.
I've been feeling a little tense lately.
I'm not even interested in doing that kind of thing.
I mean, she's really got charm downpacked.
They're all fucking mental.
You can't really figure out whether someone's a decent person or not based on their clothing.
Did you kill that man? Yes or no?
Did you take any money from me, yes or no?
God dammit! What were you even thinking?
I wonder what kind of thoughts go through her head.
Based on his behaviour at the time of his mother's death, the police could only suspect him as the culprit.
What kind of a madman would say something like that?
You've got to be some special kind of deranged to consider something like that.
Do fries go with that shake?
Would you cut that crap out? I'm not in the mood for fun and games.
I am so not in a mood for this kind of work.
I am beyond not in the mood for this crap today.
I'm really not in the mood for homework today.
I'm feeling in the mood for some Pink Floyd right now.
I can't imagine myself ever being in the mood for that kind of thing.
I can't imagine myself ever killing another man.
I can't imagine how unhinged I would have to become before I would ever even consider killing another human being.
I don't know how madmen like him can even talk about murder in that kind of way.
You've got to be some special kind of crazy to like this crap.
I don't know what drives people like him to do this kind of stuff. It's beyond insane!
I might be a little less inclined to punch you in the face if I had a little monetary compensation.
Would you give up your eyes for a million dollars? What about your ears?
I've only descended further into loonyville.
We shouldn't be imprisoning people for such petty crimes.
I don't want to be in the company of anyone who would ever consider imprisoning someone for dissent.
Whoever he may be, there's nothing we can do but trust him.
No matter how stupid I am, there will always be somebody even stupider.
Don't even think about killing me you ass.
Don't even consider giving him the money.
Just pretend you don't know me.
What might Tom look like? Can he be tall? Does he have brown hair? Does he wear glasses?
There are twenty salespeople in the store.
"What kind of sensation?" asked the salesperson.
The Cheshire Cat is a fictional cat popularised by Lewis Carroll in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and known for its distinctive mischievous grin.
I have never slipped on a banana peel.
I have been robbed of my cellphone twice.
You can access the kitchen through this door.
I cannot help you because I don't understand Hungarian.
Tom doesn't understand we're all just God in disguise.
I sat down and read a book.
Why isn't he sitting with me anymore?
She loves her and me.
He loves him and me.
He loves her and me.
Both of us are their lovers.
We are both her girlfriends.
We are both their lovers.
All his hope had been lost.
So, you are smart, young, creative, talented, ambitious, self-confident, full of new ideas? And you have got at least one thing you are actually able to do, haven't you?
Many people like Asian food.
Are the firecrackers loud in your area?
When you go to the beach you see the immensity of the universe contained in the ocean.
Forget all grudges and begin living freely.
Even having understood, it is a difficult theory to explain.
I do not know what these bright spots are on Ceres, but when they find out, most likely it will not turn out to be anything impressive ... Just rocks and dust.
Why persist in writing essays if one has not even mastered the art of writing succinct sentences?
I was wrong again! And I thought I had understood!
Yesterday I purchased an ergonomic chair.
Are you asking him if he has time to attend, Thursday at two in the afternoon?
The motor overheated and is now emitting smoke.
Those green suits are special suits for reducing the risk of biological contamination.
The cleaning staff is cleaning the men's bathroom.
In Colombia, Catholic customs prevail.
Many begin, but few finish.
I am full; I do not want any more.
Something fell on the patio, but I could not see what it was.
Juana prints shirts and sells them to pay for her university studies.
The first floor of the building is full of local businesses that offer printing services.
You have nothing better to do than spend hours lying on a sofa talking to a shrink?
We are both her boyfriends.
I want something to do.
It seems that the origin of the mutations is in the consumption of contaminated water.
At your service, my little rabbit.
He was a compulsive liar.
The ugly crocodile is sleeping in the pond.
Let's stop talking about that and change the subject.
It appears that you are not paying attention to me.
One's face fills with wrinkles because time does not pass in vain.
The race seemed to never end.
Tom is suspicious of Mary even though he declares otherwise.
Mary thinks that Tom is dishonest.
Mary does not think Tom is clean wheat.
The relationship between Tom and Mary seems to me to be the most suspicious.
Why should everything revolve around Tom and Mary?
She is the queen of tap dancing; there is no one who surpasses her rhythm and grace of movement.
Change the channel, please; that music is unbearable.
In all cultures, babies fall asleep to lullabies.
We have inherited the gift of music from animals such as insects and birds.
His scores could only be properly interpreted by authentic virtuosos.
Schopenhauer defined architecture as "frozen music."
They interpret ambient electronic music.
This musical piece is composed of four movements.
They say that music soothes the savage beast, but for me personally, it neither relaxes me nor calms me.
I wish I could relax listening to music.
Listening to music in that moment relaxed me.
Personally, I relax listening to music.
I hope to find a quiet beach this year; I'm already tired of crowded beaches.
That reminded me of you.
When I reached the classroom, she was no longer there.
He was hospitalized.
He humiliated her.
ׂShe's very picky when it comes to choosing hotels.
I'm not installing them.
The sentence seems fine to me.
I'm not reinstalling them.
Korpiklaani is one of my favorite folk metal bands.
The words escaping his lips bear no meaning.
In Skåne, Sweden the trains will be out of service from Thursday noon.
In Skåne, Sweden the trains will be standing still from Thursday noon.
Are you lying straight to my face?
Nobody knew where he went.
I don't speak three languages.
Is the room quiet?
How can I remove the spots of blood from the shirt?
The number chosen can't be contacted.
Tom fell down from the horse's back.
Where is all the people? Why is nobody here?
I couldn't in my wildest dreams imagine myself wearing fur.
Kati drinks every day.
The pronoun "hen" has been approved in Sweden.
The sun is shining from a blue sky.
I'm not going to tell that to her.
I can stand up once again.
Spanish used to be the Philippines' official language.
Happy birthday to me!
I doubt which sentence is grammatically correct.
Tom's dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet.
Tom has no empathy.
The sentence is capable of two interpretations, of which the first is the exact opposite of the other.
You strain at a gnat and swallow a camel.
To sleep, perchance to dream; aye, there's the rub, for in that sleep of death, what dreams may come when we have shuffled off this mortal coil must give us pause.
Tom is a conspiracy nut.
Did you get their letter?
Only the lowest of the low would break into and vandalise a child care centre.
I'll just be out the back for a while.
Poor personal hygiene can be a sign of depression.
Tom mistook Mary's singing for a cry of agony.
If you're not happy, you can take your business elsewhere.
Jack wanted Mary to kill Tom with her own hands, but Mary objected saying she was not ready yet.
Tom always wears a green star.
The barber gave Mary a mohawk.
The drug ice can fetch an estimated $million per kilogram on the streets.
There’s a monster under my bed, I’m certain of that.
In the winter, I sleep under two blankets.
Mary has decided to eat more mints.
The pollster had nothing to eat.
I'm strong enough to carry those heavy metal boxes.
I wasn't able to access all of the information.
I had to remove the panel in order to access the computer.
We've been looking for Lucia for two days.
He likes women with violet eyes.
You know a great deal about me, but I don't know anything about you.
I have been living like a wolf trapped in a snare.
I had a long conversation with her.
Silver chloride is not completely water-soluble.
"Chill down, fatty." "Don't call me an idiot!"
Mary raises her son as a single mother.
Mary started to date a man she met at a dinner party.
Only months into their marriage, Mary began to see a darker side to Tom.
It's as much an art as it is a science.
If problems come up, call me.
I'm sorry I caused problems.
Just do what you normally do.
I love the beloved.
A huge explosion occurred in Tianjin.
You cheated too!
Don't cross your eyes. They'll get stuck that way!
Tom has a long ponytail.
Tom used to torment his younger sister.
Tom used to torment his younger brother.
Mary used to torment her younger sister.
Don't be afraid to break the rules.
Don't be afraid to break the rules a little.
I felt someone hit me from behind.
Please try to get along with your brother.
Try to get along with your brother.
I'm not provoking their daughters.
Fall begins in October.
Pollution is bringing devastating consequences for the regional ecosystem.
Would you like to play a round of disc golf?
He doesn't play disc golf.
That was the first time I ever played disc golf.
I won't disturb you.
Are there green?
You've been forgotten.
She refused to say more about it.
I'm from Thailand.
He saw nobody.
I spoke because I could no longer hold my silence.
He did not dare to jump over the creek.
He has a lot to do.
There is a madam here.
I do not pay their wages.
I did not like wine in the past, but now I am addicted to it.
We become wiser with aging.
You have solved that well!
I will surely miss them.
Is tapwater drinkable in Australia?
My parents shall be proud of me.
I'm sorry for them.
I once lived in Beijing, but now live in Seoul.
Yes, I cried then.
I feel sad all the time.
Have you noticed the similarity in pronunciation between the Polish and Portuguese languages?
I don't know where I am exactly.
There was no one home.
He had been through a lot of difficulties in his youth.
In this hotel there are only rooms for non-smokers.
What decided the end of the Roman Empire?
It is said that the Sentinelese are extremely fierce people.
Is the capital city of Russia not Moscow?
Please say the alphabet backwards.
He denies that he did it.
He denies that he did that.
Have you been to the barber?
We really are hungry.
How much does that car cost?
The Sentinelese people live on an island in the Indian Ocean.
In the Turks attacked Vienna for the second time.
Tom was not very impressed.
I suggest that we could do that.
Tom has not come back yet.
Is there something that we could do for you?
According to me we can do that.
I believe steadily that a new beginning is possible.
He had been very busy, and still he came to help us.
Say it anyway!
She seems to be interested in him.
There are a lot of sentences without any translation.
He has bought a book written in English in the book store.
It is clear that he made a big mistake.
I perspired under my armpits.
I see you have a green star on your jacket.
Sweet!
I like all languages.
A dog barks at strangers.
Before I go to Paris for work, I need to improve my French.
You're my heroine.
Cheese can easily be cut with a knife.
"Are you still available?" "No, I'm happily taken."
You have no right to give me orders.
Digital helpers make our everyday life easier. Instead of relying on our own memory, we prefer external ones. Where will this trend lead?
There was a time when aluminum was more expensive than gold.
He left about minutes ago.
I don't want to talk to you today.
You deserve a salary hike.
This room is the coldest in the house.
The students are learning how to solve problems using line segments.
They gathered around the campfire.
He continued writing a letter.
There's no point in torturing him, he isn't going to confess.
I love pizza with cheese.
You were really annoyed with Mary.
The ladies and gentlemen sat in the park and spoke of the time when they were still neighbors.
Seventy-five divided by five is fifteen.
Divorce is generally a painful parting.
Pardon me, can you repeat that?
They enjoy the benefits of a great reputation.
I want him to be arrested.
Tom kept his opinion to himself.
You've got to be careful what you say to people who are easily offended.
I'm not that Jewish.
Tom is volunteering to help.
He is the youngest of all my brothers and sisters.
King, stop calling me your boy. I'm thirty-two, for God's sake!
Every spectator buys a ticket.
Who is more alluring, Madonna or Marilyn Monroe?
Which painting is more alluring, Madame X or the Mona Lisa?
In his opinion, there are few risks.
Cyprus is struggling to avoid bankruptcy.
Money is the only god of the new world order.
You can see symbols of freemasonry on the one dollar bill.
Have a good trip home!
The stain on the lab coat is due to silver nitrate.
Cordova is a city in southern Spain.
The ammonia molecule is composed of four atoms.
Do you know the chemical formula of phenol?
Can you draw the chemical structure of phenol?
Vanillin is often used in baking.
Sodium hydroxide is quite hygroscopic.
Sodium hydroxide is used in making soaps.
What soap do you wash your hands with?
This is a boy.
This is a man.
Walk!
This dog doesn't bite.
Wild boars wiped out all our potatoes.
Sentence changed according to the suggestion.
Can you drive the jeep?
Do you hear the beep?
I almost died upon hearing this.
I almost died after hearing this.
I almost died when I heard this.
Any attempt at reconciliation was nipped in the bud.
Her glare creeps me out.
Have you ever thought what it's like to be me?
I like stoats.
The stoat is the cutest animal ever.
A friend of mine is very fond of stoats.
I have a collection of stoat figurines.
Some will be wearing new uniforms next year.
I thought I was losing my sanity.
Some will be wearing new shoes next year.
Some will be wearing new watches next year.
Do you love stoats as much as I love them?
Can I stroke your pussy?
It's sand as far as the eye can see.
I wish I had a pet stoat.
How could you hate stoats? They are so cute.
'Toast' is an anagram of 'stoat'.
We have often lightly made fun of our friend's affection for stoats.
A stoat is as cute an animal as it is deadly.
When I'm in a bad mood, I like to think of stoats to cheer myself up.
The more one owns, the more one wants.
Trees have been removed from the park.
‘Wezel’ is the Dutch for ‘weasel’. Both are derived from the Proto-Germanic *wisulǭ.
A good friend of mine wanted to write a poem dedicated to stoats, but gave up after realising he could never hope to create anything so beautiful that it would deserve to bask in the stoat glory.
My brother has recently taken a fancy for stoats.
Like the colour blue, stoats are one of the things that appeal to me on a primal level.
I first learned of how beautiful stoats could be when David, whom I had lately befriended, showed me his stoat photo album.
Even though I like stoats a lot, I am in no way a 'furry' and have no wish to be associated with them, since my appreciation of stoats is purely aesthetical.
Unlike 'weasel', the Proto-Germanic ancestor of the word 'stoat' has not been established.
If you go out on a full moon night dressed in an ermine coat while holding a stoat figurine in either hand and say 'I like stoats' times in a row, a portal to the Stoatworld will open, where the demonically beautiful demon stoats live.
Humans are conscious beings.
The soldiers solemnly draped the flag over the coffin.
We will welcome you here.
Who will pick the apples in the fall?
Do cats meow?
Pineapple is rich in citric acid.
Lead is a chemical element symbolised by Pb.
Cobalt is a transition metal.
Emily's home.
Are you writing a letter now?
She'll certainly get along well with my grandmother.
Are you a translator?
We are going to gather at the mall at pm today.
Do unto yourself as you do unto others.
Where can we get together?
See you on the slopes at the crack of dawn!
Only the icing is missing from the cake.
Your ship sails at a quarter past four.
These geese lay golden eggs.
Some words are inherently funny.
It is important for English learners to remember the distinction between 'fun' and 'funny'.
The King's English is not the King's. It's a joint stock company, and Americans own most of the shares.
It's a pity most RPGs do not have any stoat characters.
Sentences referring to sexual matters tend to be considered vulgar on Tatoeba.
An acquaintance of mine has recently experienced a sort of spiritual awakening.
She lives across the river.
It is especially difficult for people like me.
A barrier, designed to deflect noise away from nearby houses, was erected along the edge of the freeway.
The doors protect us and our property against strangers and they don't let the heat out or in.
A lot of people deflect praise that comes their way, because they don't know how to handle it.
A mistranslation is sometimes called a leiterjakab in Hungarian.
I am a co-founder of the local stoat lover society.
It is an extremely useful object.
I have made a mess.
Tom decided to stay at Mary's.
I invited her to the movies.
I doubt that he's a lawyer.
In the last few years it happened frequently.
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.
The pastry chef is decorating a cake with green owls made of buttercream frosting.
"Santorum" is an English neologism, named after homophobic American senator Rick Santorum, which describes the mixture of sperm, fecal matter and lubricant sometimes resulting from anal intercourse.
Play the hand you're dealt.
The salts of sulfuric acid are called sulfates.
Most toothpastes contain fluoride.
In culinary, can you substitute sodium bromide for sodium chloride?
In chemistry, "I" can mean both iodine and iodide.
The loneliness is a disease that makes me not happy anymore.
She doesn't like lotion at all.
I want to cheer you up.
The house was destroyed by a tornado.
Close your eyes for a moment and look for the answer.
Greek is a difficult language.
The official tongue of Grenada is English.
She fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
This video is very amusing.
There's a math test tomorrow.
This task is difficult.
If I had you do this for me, wouldn't I then receive an essential understanding of the fundamentals?
What!? I can't see anything good about him. Doesn't he just break all the girls' hearts?
Tom took off his hat and bowed down to them.
Tom leaned against a tree and started to talk to it about his marriage.
Tom took off his top hat and got into his car.
Please recite the alphabet backwards.
It's easier to cut wood with the grain.
It is crazy of him to leave the door open.
Motorists must leave at least a metre-wide buffer when passing cyclists.
The German word "Verschlimmbesserung" stands for a supposed improvement that makes things worse.
How did you find out that your brother lived there?
The house where I live belongs to my parents.
I parked on the left side of the street just in front of the school.
You are not allowed to park there.
Tom took off his shoes, put them into his backpack and entered the mosque.
I might be willing to do it.
I can't spend the whole day just answering your questions.
I know everything there is to know about stoats.
Have you ever seen a stoat live?
These grapes don't taste good. Where did you buy them?
In the Redwall universe, stoats are one of the villain species.
You would be in the same situation as me.
He is next to me.
She is next to them.
You sound crazy.
Stop immediately.
Stop right now.
Dates and walnuts are commonly used in the filling for baklava made in the Levant.
Baklava made with pistachios is more likely to be found in Iran.
Did you know that "baklava" is Farsi for "many leaves?"
The challenge of translation fascinates me.
The mailman is between postboxes.
His manager is behind him.
The ceiling is above me.
The sky is above me.
You are at home.
I am a child.
There is a crumb in his beard.
There is an eel in the water.
I know you don't have money.
He recently found a good job.
Tom climbed over the fence and picked some apples from the tree.
During the entire trip my thoughts were of you.
He went to London to learn English.
We didn't forget.
This bank always watches out for its own interests.
Are you going to share that?
They're out of sugar now.
Hexane is a hydrocarbon.
Is hexane toxic?
Tom climbed over the high wire fence in order to get into the old factory in spite of his father's prohibition.
There's nothing easier than speaking.
In American English, stoats are a subset of weasels, while in British English, they aren't.
Mary's grandfather used to harvest by scythe.
You must give me dollars right now.
They claim that iodized salt is healthy.
In Russian, the words for "caress, endearment" and "least weasel" are homonymous and possibly related etymologically.
Ignorance of the law is not accepted as a defence.
Tom sought help for problem gambling.
Tom only found out after his mother's death that she had gambled away his inheritance.
I can't lie.
Who burned the cake?
Smokers foul up the air.
The war lasted for about two years.
Go without thinking twice!
I once knew a guy who claimed to feel a spiritual bond with stoats. Weirdo.
We are currently involved in making a game about stoat life, which will allow you to manage your stoat character from birth to death.
That woman has a mouth.
Can you tell a stoat and a weasel apart just by looking at them?
All the stoat-related sentences I've been adding are really just a set-up for one big joke.
He looked into her eyes.
I do sports in order to stay healthy.
Is Tom on our team?
"Is Tom on our team?" "No, he's on the other team."
Weevils eat the leaves of the fuchsia.
A perfectly healthy sentence, it is true, is extremely rare. For the most part we miss the hue and fragrance of the thought; as if we could be satisfied with the dews of the morning or evening without their colors, or the heavens without their azure.
Someone put something in her drink.
Tom is a tax inspector.
I do not know how to distinguish between our waking life and a dream. Are we not always living the life that we imagine we are?
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals, as surely as the savage tribes have left off eating each other when they came in contact with the more civilized.
He who has much wants even more.
I have made a mess out of it.
At first I chose to listen to him in silence.
I beg of you, don't die!
Since when are you wearing contacts?
This email address is not registered, or the password is wrong.
This is the first time I've caught such a big fish!
We actually intended to go to the beach tomorrow, but it's expected to rain.
It is all delicious!
He bought a newspaper.
Remember that you are dust.
Which do you prefer, meat or fish?
None of them would admit their guilt.
As Victor Hugo said, "there is nothing in the world more powerful than an idea whose time has arrived."
Curiosity is a component of intelligence.
It happened at some point in midwinter.
Do you know any of the children in the room?
It's five before four o'clock.
It's five till four.
They're in the library.
I can't find my purse.
I dreamt about stoats the other day.
Tom slept on an inflatable mattress.
It's five to four.
What kind of souvenirs did you buy?
I can't remember doing that.
I've been crying a lot lately.
Look, a stoat!
I think I saw a stoat over there.
This game has you battle against hordes of evil stoats.
Weasels have a reputation for being elusive and cunning.
On my days off I look after my nephew and go out for dinner with friends.
Stoats are the worst enemy of birds in New Zealand.
When it comes to movies I like anything, as long as it's not horror.
Tom loves stoats more than anything except his dear Mary.
Tom and Mary are planning to travel to the land of stoats next month.
I don't accept your apology.
The word ‘antonym’ is antonymous to ‘synonym’.
Tom is the world's leading expert on stoats, who is credited with having written the most comprehensive encyclopedia to date about them.
We invited them for dinner.
This apple is sour.
This book is the most interesting.
How long have you been wearing contacts?
When did you start wearing contacts?
I wish you a good trip.
And what would you do if your child was like that?
They want to see you dead.
I didn't see a soul.
The girl got her fingers caught in the door.
I want to drive to his house in my car.
The flight was cancelled.
No one else knows what it's like to be me.
Ah, those Russians!
I memorized the powers of two up to twenty-four.
Sodium benzoate is a very common food preservative.
Calcium is not an alkali metal.
Do fertilizers contain phosphorus?
How weird!
The standard greeting among the members of the Super Secret Silly Stoat Society is 'In the morning, stoats are beautiful', to which the expected response is 'So are they in the moonlight'.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary writes sentences about stoats, since he is afraid that she would fall in love with them and wouldn't any longer want him around.
Mary suspects that there is something unnatural about Tom's passion for stoats.
Tom gets high just from saying the word 'stoat' over and over.
Mary is unaware that Tom has been secretly spying on her on behalf of stoats.
Tom has recently developed a taste for warthog meat.
"Tom, I decided I don't like stoats anymore." "Really? Well then, I'm dumping you." "Wait, I was just joking!" "So was I. Of course I couldn't dump you like that, darling. But please do not say anything bad about stoats ever again."
"Tom, what is this between you and stoats?" "Nothing much, really. I simply find them very fascinating." "But you're making references to stoats all the time when talking, and spend most of your free time studying stoat behaviour. Isn't that a bit obsessive?" "It's just my personal hobby. Can't a man have a hobby?"
Whenever I wake up, my first thought is always about stoats.
Boredom is one of the most luxurious things.
You have to stop helping Mary.
The darker the mane of a lion is, the more attractive to females it is.
Please correct this sentence.
Excuse me. What time is it?
Tom was a stowaway on a ship.
Where was the wedding held?
They fed the fish.
Your self-image affects, and is affected by, the way you interpret your achievements.
Keep that thing away from me.
I don't have anything else planned for today.
You're the only friend I have.
We can hide in here.
Tom, we're trapped!
This is where I brought my girlfriend on our first date.
Mary, why don't you help your brother?
Shut up, you're distracting me.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur.
I'm planning on staying at his place tomorrow.
My dog has the most soulful look in his eyes when he begs for food.
She doesn't hate you, Tom.
Mary doesn't hate you, Tom.
Tom doesn't hate you, Mary.
He hates me. And I hate him!
She obviously hates me.
I can't decide what to order.
During the movie, I tried to suspend my disbelief, but failed.
Mary wondered if Tom really loved her.
This piece of information is very important to us.
Tom lives in a poor neighborhood.
I'm afraid of reptiles.
The contest ended in a draw.
Mary did not want Tom to come to the party.
What the hell just happened?
One million is a seven digit number.
Plastic bags are bad for the environment.
At first, I was worried about Tom's growing affection for stoats, but after seeing his fascinating findings for myself, I realized that stoats are awesome and deserve every bit of attention they get.
I feel different after I've been in Tom's house, like a portion of my mind that was previously busy finding ways for me to enjoy myself when I didn't have to be working is now fully focused on thinking about stoats all day long, and indeed I find that much more efficient, for stoats entertain me now every moment without fail.
It happened on the first of May.
He said that he had bought a used car.
Forgive me for being dressed like this.
Where does she buy books?
Tell me exactly what you did after the meal.
Is there something in the refrigerator that we can drink?
I'll be jealous.
You're my only hope.
Gifted children – Wunderkinder – display their talents at a tender age.
Tom got stuck.
Something is changing.
The snow is white.
Get out of my life. I detest you.
Tom shaved his beard off after becoming a fan of stoats, since stoats, the paragon of beauty, don't grow beards.
I am an avid lover of early music.
Man, don't be daft.
They kept us in the dark concerning their future plans.
We are trying to close the box.
After she removed the bandage, the irritation subsided.
I disagree with it.
The city annoys me a lot because it's noisy.
That horse is very expensive.
I've been feeling bad for a week.
Tom's house has a secret room where he built a shrine to pray to the stoat spirit.
Tom has a tattoo of a stoat on the back of his neck.
Tell me where you were last night at the time of the murder.
The cat waited in front of the mousehole for over ten minutes.
Tom is able to say 'I like stoats' in over a hundred languages.
When Tom discovered Tatoeba, he was immediately determined to make sure stoats were properly represented within the corpus.
Please make sure that she wakes up on time.
Please make sure that we leave on time.
No body is perfect.
Twice a week, the gardener would come to mow the lawn, so I could never lie down in the tall grass.
You are very shy.
They've been at it for hours.
Are you well prepared for today's exam?
He's a bit shorter than me.
Nobody's forcing you to stay.
Nobody's forcing you to do anything.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Mary went to her fitness class.
It was your own choice.
I'm capable of making my own decisions.
Who made the sun?
We were both afraid to talk.
He saw something the others had overlooked.
It's amazing how quiet it becomes when snow is falling.
It would have seemed a lot funnier, if it weren't happening to her.
Change the orbit slightly of a single asteroid and we have big reptiles instead of people.
The sun glittered on the water in front of the old sailboat.
She has been living in Paris for ten years.
He has been absent since last Monday.
I wonder whether you should not see someone who could help you.
A busser is a person who clears tables in a restaurant.
The seaman apprentice, sitting on a stool in a bar, ordered a beer while waiting for his basket of fish and chips.
To be bored is a sin.
Tom used to be socially anxious because he couldn't find anyone who would understand and share his devotion to stoats; however, everything changed when he learned to incite passion for stoats in others with the use of just a few carefully designed phrases.
If one were to gaze deeply into Tom's eyes, one could see inside his pupils a tiny reflection of a stoat.
Beauty fades.
Salicylic acid is an organic compound.
Mercuric nitrate is an ionic compound.
Some members of Tom's society think that he is actually a stoat posing as a human. They are wrong, since this is scientifically impossible.
My favourite animals are squirrels and stoats, while my girlfriend is fascinated by spiders, strange as it may seem.
This medicine will do wonders for a stuffed nose.
He has been hospitalized.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
You can never know what will happen.
This type of spider doesn't weave a web.
A lion is certainly much stronger than a sole hyena but there were three times as many hyenas there as lions.
At last the hyenas chased the lions from their prey.
Tom has never been bored. He spends all of his free time translating sentences.
I have never ever wondered how long I will live.
Man is something that must be overcome; man is a bridge and not an end.
It's worth trying it.
What is on the chicken deluxe sandwich?
What comes with deluxe room service?
What is the difference between a deluxe room and a standard room?
Lately I can't seem to be able to stop drawing stoats.
Duplicate sentences are occasionally created on Tatoeba. The deduplication bot, Horus, generally takes care of them.
They want to photograph every city.
The largest prime number doesn't exist.
No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.
The violin, the piano, and the harp are musical instruments.
You arranged the chairs in a row.
The concept of natural numbers is perhaps the most fundamental mathematical concept.
The dean shook hands with each of the graduating students.
The children understand everything.
She's rich, and even better, she's gorgeous.
Tom has dirty hands.
A trip to Mars would be a once in a lifetime experience.
Sailing around the world would be an experience of a lifetime.
A trip can create some beautiful memories for your family.
Would you like to travel to distant horizons?
They're good friends of ours.
They are good friends of theirs.
They are good friends of his.
They are good friends of mine.
They are good friends of yours.
He is a good friend of yours.
He is a good friend of his.
I have stage anxiety.
A socialite is a person who is well known in fashionable society and is fond of social activities and entertainment.
Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian are some of today's most famous socialites.
There wasn't a dry eye in the house.
The woman that called yesterday has already come.
Tom loves partying.
It's as plain as the nose on your face that Tom is dotty about Mary.
Mary is fairly plain, but Tom thinks she's the bee's knees.
That's about all we can get done today.
The plane had five hundred passengers on board.
It was good of your parents to let us eat outside.
As you requested, I have attached a recent passport-sized photograph.
I tore a ligament in my knee and had to have surgery.
Today is the fifth of March.
It was once very peaceful there, but now you'll sometimes hear the sound of passing vehicles.
Take off your clothes!
Happy Qixi Festival!
I've won my way into University. Now it's time to study like a champ.
What is the point of life anyway, said the young fool.
I love to eat scallops.
Scallops are on sale today.
Sea urchin has a slimy texture.
My brother doesn't like the taste of sea urchin.
There are both freshwater and saltwater mussels.
Mussels have shells.
The largest kind of clam is the giant clam.
I love to eat fried squid.
I'm going to gather mushrooms in the forest this afternoon.
Some cuttlefish have shells.
You can buy cuttlefish at the fish market.
I grilled a hotdog for lunch.
I want to try eating fugu sometime.
Make sure the chef is skilled before ordering fugu.
The Black Legend also exists in the Philippines.
There have been reports of several power outages.
Have they received any reports of lives lost in the earthquake?
Reports of the actor's death have gone viral on the Internet.
Tom is the first human ever to hear stoats singing.
Mary used to be wary of Tom's oddities, but has since learned to trust him, knowing that he would always stand up for her.
The secret folder on Tom's computer holds hundreds of gigabytes of stoat videos.
Mary wasn't sure what to feel when Tom compared her breasts to twin stoats with pointed noses. Although that must have been meant as a compliment, it was certainly a very peculiar one at that.
On Tom's birthday, Mary baked him a cake with 'I like stoats' written on it in Gothic script.
Tom thinks he discovered that stoats have a language previously unknown to humans, that is so complex that even after years of study he barely mastered the basic vocabulary. In reality, stoats fooled him into thinking that so that he didn't realise the truth, which is that they have been talking to him telepathically all that time.
I want to get away for the weekend.
I don't knock their heads against the wall.
She tried in vain to hide her anxiety.
She knows how to bake cakes.
She knows how to bake a cake.
Where can I get a rental car?
I water their garden.
It's time for us to get a move on.
Just start working.
One of you has not told the truth.
I cannot render a judgment on that.
I'm very tired and want to go to bed early.
They didn't leave me anything to translate.
I have an eight-year-old daughter.
She's good with animals.
The grandfather is on his deathbed.
At the end she will have had enough.
Yes, but what happens after the fall?
The bear has a short tail.
That singer is the center of attention.
The baker forgot to put salt in the dough.
But why would I help you?
I have the perfect role for you.
I shout but no one hears me.
When Tom has trouble sleeping, he starts counting stoats. That quickly brings him into a peaceful mood, and he is fast asleep before he could count the stoats to fifty.
Let's cook and eat the fish!
Are you going to Noboribetsu tomorrow?
Native Americans are the indigenous peoples of the United States.
Tom sometimes wishes Mary were a stoat. Given how much he likes them both, Mary the stoat would be to him the manifestation of excellence itself.
I took my cat to the veterinary hospital yesterday.
I'm sorry that I'm dressed like this.
Sad.
Do you have time?
Newcomers are warned not to ask Tom whether he really likes stoats that much, since his customary reply to that question is to shout 'OH YES!' at the top of his lungs.
The real reason for Tom liking stoats is simple: to Tom, having fun is the best thing in life to be doing, and since stoats are the funniest creatures ever, he likes them most of all.
He will not have given you anything.
We will have brought you to the hospital afterwards.
He won't have given this a second thought.
The other one refuses to hide.
The child cries instead of laughing.
This animal is mine.
Oh no, you have revealed our secret!
Press any key to continue.
Tom and Mary went on a two week honeymoon to Hawaii.
This will suffice for now.
Salicylates come from salicylic acid and its derivatives.
Don't dislike what you don't understand.
Thank you for sending me the link to purchase "The Godfather" movie.
What you did to Tom was cruel.
It's already o'clock. It doesn't look like he will be able to come.
The stolen money has been found.
Now, I've lost all my patience.
He'll never beat me in a battle of pure strength.
I gotta force him awake to use his real power.
Luck's on my side today.
I have finally reached my limit.
The answer was right in front of me.
I know we gotta stay quiet!
We'll have to talk later.
I got nothing to ask.
Do you not understand?
Tom likes being on the beach mostly because it gives him an opportunity to practice making sand stoats.
Tom is the founder of stoatism, which is the philosophical view that everything is better with stoats.
Members of Tom's society can't go five minutes without mentioning stoats at least once.
"What are your favourite books, Tom? " "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Does your wife have a passport?
Just add more sugar if you want a sweeter jam.
Today I'm paying you for lunch.
I don't believe he always arrives late.
There's a tendency to conflate proposing a solution with actually solving the problem. I think it's important to differentiate between the two.
Tom got acquainted with Mary on Tatoeba last year and now they live together.
They didn't hear the children.
Mine is bigger than Tom's.
Worth a bump !
If you go to pick up Tom, at what time will you be here, approximately ?
Why settle for a Kia when you can clearly afford an Audi?
Nobody should settle for less when they deserve more.
Why would you do this when you can do that?
The Air Diet: Why Eat When You Can Pretend!
Why would you want Oprah when you can have Halle Berry?
We should take up meditation.
Great idea.
Not so close!
It'll be up soon.
Divers have found hundreds of Spanish gold coins off the coast of Florida.
You should talk faster!
I'm getting a headache.
Now it's getting better!
Kiss me, you fool!
It was one of the best experiences of my life.
I liked it before it was cool.
I liked this band before they became popular.
I liked them before they became popular.
When she saw the marks all over the wall, she wanted to throttle the toddler.
The sky was already looking grim when we set sail. Within an hour, the first squall had hit us.
If you often think of yourself as a saint, you may simply be a prig.
My tummy hurts.
When we think of nineteenth-century chimney sweeps, we think of ragamuffins with soot on their cheeks.
I don't want to play anymore.
Untidiness was his bugbear.
Let's try to focus on the big picture first. We can take care of the minutiae later.
The world is a crazy place.
I used to sleep in a trundle bed when I would visit my aunt and uncle.
Tom fainted on the school playground.
No artist's studio is complete without an unfinished painting resting on an easel.
It's easy to lampoon their ideas now, but they seemed quite reasonable at the time.
Within two short years, he went from being a puny child to a tall young man.
The number of bars quickly burgeoned as men and money started to flow into the town.
A digital signature file is the modern equivalent of the signet ring.
Mary took the cookies out of the oven.
I just wanted to be popular.
Without a word, he had disappeared into the welter of the noonday crowd.
I missed you guys so much!
Only an ardent fan could create such a faithful pastiche of the artist's works.
Don't worry. Your joke did not really discomfit me.
Tom clapped his hands together.
Tom clapped his hands together excitedly.
Check these out.
The shop was busy.
I took an early flight home.
We kissed very briefly.
I saw Tom dancing with another girl.
Tom was perfect.
You should try it on.
What would they do without us?
She would be better off without you.
What would your friends think about you?
You're under arrest!
Tom can't stand people who are mean to stoats.
You look exhausted, mate. I think you need to take a break from writing.
Would you let me go?
We must pay attention to the traffic light.
If you see this message, write me.
They would never believe us.
Most of the people I chat with on Facebook are students.
Most of the online users I play poker with have been newbies.
I think they'll be late.
Five out of ten drivers a traffic cop has to deal with on New Year's Eve night are drunk.
The classmates Tom shared his lunch with all came down with diarrhea.
The social challenges Tom struggled with as a teenager have mostly been resolved.
The Near East is still called a powder keg.
The Middle East is still considered a powder keg.
My name is Paola.
What did Paola say?
I'm Paola.
I am Paola.
Let's speak about Paola.
The appliance is wonderfully simple to operate.
Even a baby would understand it.
Your mother is right.
I would have never known you.
Your father would have given you everything.
He is a respected professor of physics.
I baked a cake for her.
How late is late ?
Tom was at a loose end, so he went to the pub for a few beers.
You were a warden in a prison for ten years.
Tom was hoarse from yelling at the football match.
At the age of sixty, he retired.
I'm not abandoning them.
Tom punched a hole in the wall after his team lost the grand final.
Tom got holes in his socks from not cutting his toenails.
Tom put his career on the back burner and became a house husband, to enable Mary to pursue her career.
Tom lost his job because the firm decided that a robot could do his job better.
The life of some dairy farmers has gotten a lot easier since the introduction of robots to milk the cows.
Robots are great in the workplace, because they don't need toilet or meal breaks, don't get sick or come to work with a hangover.
Actually, yes.
I have to love him.
Would you please pay attention?
Throw him in the brig.
Did you say you had a cat?
What do you think, girls?
What do you think, guys?
I was planning on telling you.
I was planning on telling you today.
I'll pay attention. I promise.
I know how important he is to you.
I know how important she is to you.
Don't move till I get back.
She doesn't even know me.
How long were you planning on keeping this a secret from me?
Everyone should discover for themselves the happiness of sharing.
You're beautiful in every way.
I believe you dialed the wrong number.
Mary died of breast cancer.
Tom says that he has never cheated on his wife.
Tom has never cheated on his wife.
I don't want to be a fifth wheel.
We had thought to stay there a couple of weeks.
Ana will not come to our party.
Mary had a strange look on her face.
Tobacco smoke causes cancer.
It looks exactly like mine.
I ran into Yoko on the way to the theater.
It's an involuntary tick, please disregard it.
She moved to Paris in 1966.
Lend me your knife, please.
I like to make my clothes last as long as possible.
He got the prize.
There are huge interests at stake.
What does the red plaque say?
You've never had a serious illness?
I thought your heart was made of stone.
Look at what you've done to me.
I did what most people do.
I screamed but nobody could hear me.
You said you'd never leave me alone.
It's a hit.
We students can also become famous journalists!
I would have at least asked you for the name, but my father's presence has been an impediment.
There are too many codes to remember.
How many omnivorous children are patients in hospital?
They have already proven it!
He needs to make an accurate report of the case.
We'd better wait.
Anything's better than nothing.
I should wake up Tom.
I'd rather die than give up.
A good neighbor is better than a bad relative.
It's better not to take candy from strangers.
I'd rather die than do that.
It would have been better if this was already arranged.
"Oh, what a tasty meal!" What is it made of?" - "We probably don't want to know."
A man with an intelligent enemy is better off than someone with a stupid friend.
I had not realized how important this is to you.
It was thought the Earth is a flat disc.
Did you know that the Earth is not perfectly round?
I think there must be much gold in the depths of the Earth.
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
Lay it all on the table.
Vivian Ward turns the tables on some Rodeo Drive saleswomen in the movie "Pretty Woman."
His first military experiences took place in the war between the British colonial empire and the Boers, who sought independence.
The wolves are near us.
The five pillars of Islam are belief, worship, fasting, almsgiving, and pilgrimage.
There is snow on the mountains.
Some gazelles live in the mountains.
The subject is different.
You have expressed your argument.
Who will reap the benefits from lower oil prices?
Some villains are more sinister than others.
Will you help me practice my pronunciation?
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote.
Ten divided by five is two.
You left your watch on your dresser. I saw it there this morning while I was moving the blankets.
Everyone in the class is calm.
According to the Chinese zodiac, is the Year of the Sheep and next year will be the Year of the Monkey.
One of the kings of Egypt was a boy.
Some orphans will be adopted, but not all.
The children sent their Christmas lists to the North Pole with the hope that Santa would read them.
There wasn't a soul.
We've got other fish to fry.
It's nothing to make a fuss about.
It was a near thing!
He is not very keen on coming tomorrow.
It makes no odds to me.
It cuts no ice with me.
I got a real fright!
Thank you for the advice.
I'll complain about you.
I cut glass.
I'm cutting glass.
The river flows in front of our village.
As corny as it sounds, I go to sleep every night with a teddy bear next to my head.
As corny as it sounds, I love my husband more each day.
There are many urgent matters to attend to.
There are many urgent things to do.
I'm not amusing you.
Listen to me, I beg of you.
Stop looking at me like that, you'll make me blush.
You were hiding.
You have six unread messages.
What do you do when you're not at work?
There's a drought in California.
Romulus and Remus were brothers.
Mary wrapped her arms tightly around her chest.
I just don't feel safe here anymore.
I don't feel safe here anymore.
Tom was sitting in the corner.
Men don't cry.
Is there a post office anywhere around?
I hate you, and at the same time I love you.
Volkswagen is a German car manufacturer.
You're not in bed yet?
I have lots of rubber bands.
Do you want to go out and get something to drink?
Do you want to go out for a drink?
I need chalk.
Eat it!
He won't like that.
We spoil our youngest daughter.
I didn't answer your letter because I was too busy.
Are you cops?
I don't dissolve them in acid.
I can tell you that it didn't happen.
Ninety percent of adults in the United States now have cellphones.
A shirt cropped above the waist is only for those with a chiseled midriff or an insouciance for the aesthetic opinion of others.
Trousers of today sit much lower on the waist than they did centuries ago.
It is preferable to shop on Thursdays when the fruit and vegetables are fresher.
Mary's husband always helps with the grocery shopping because she finds walking difficult.
Two of the private health insurance companies are arguing about terms and conditions.
Rather than buy vegetables at the grocery store, Mary is growing her own in her backyard.
Mary has planted so many seedlings she will be able to supply all her friends with fresh vegetables.
The dude with the mullet always wears acid-washed jeans.
The suspect was last seen wearing paint-splattered carpenter pants.
A peplum top paired with cigarette trousers is a chic, modern look a girl can wear just about anywhere.
That was pretty cool.
Pleasure doing business with you.
It's been a pleasure doing business with you.
I wouldn't mind losing a few pounds.
Stay drunk!
My mother is a teacher, too.
I don't drink, but I'm drunk because of you.
My husband was probably drunk when he signed this.
By the time the guests arrive, you will be totally drunk.
Orthography is very important.
There are some performances that leave one breathless.
He made me shiver.
The yellow-eyed penguin is the sole extant species in the genus Megadyptes.
A piece of chocolate a day keeps the doctor away.
Have you ever seen an axolotl?
I have a map of the world.
Mary loves Scotchmen.
Happiness is a choice.
They love to be in a dirty environment.
I have five friends.
There are nine girls and three boys in the library.
Just because you can, doesn't mean you know how.
Tom longed to see Mary again.
Tom's comments ruffled a few feathers.
Barcodes have made getting through the checkout much faster.
It's not ideal, but it's the least unsatisfactory solution.
How do you spell "bludgeon"?
The law and justice are not the same.
Charley is important.
Charley will pay for what he did.
We'll suppress the rebellion.
A mutiny on my ship? It's completely impossible.
Suits in both stripes and solids can be found at most fine suit stores.
The light bulb was invented by Edison and Joseph Swan at the same time but the name of Swan was forgotten.
I've always been delighted with the chinese culture.
We haven't found gold in the brook either.
Don't pose for your picture until the contest is over.
This bread is hard as a rock.
If you lie down with dogs, you will get up with fleas.
Do you know any female pilots?
It's neither here nor there.
Leave well enough alone.
You can't have too much of a good thing.
'Cromulent' is a perfectly cromulent word.
A collar may come in many varieties, from button-down to clerical, and Mandarin to Masonic, but it is never a lapel.
Did you get a good look at the pin he was wearing on his lapel?
Switching to Linux is a perfectly cromulent suggestion.
Did you know that the proper way to wear a cummerbund is with the pleats facing upward?
In English, "black tie" can mean more than just a tie that is black in color.
If someone invited you to a white tie event, would you know what to wear?
To be appropriately dressed in business attire, a man would wear a dark suit with a conservative tie.
Business casual means you can wear khaki trousers with a button-down shirt, but not shorts with a T-shirt.
He is saving up to buy a house.
Do you see the white house?
I left a note by your door this morning.
Tom could see that Mary was on the verge of crying.
Many students made the same mistake.
No schools for the deaf existed in that era.
Lake Chad continues to shrink.
I entered the room, which was full of people.
I'm not engraving them.
According to the Hemline Index, the higher the hem of the skirt, the greater the economic prosperity.
If you don't want to become a doctor, how about a medic?
Nowadays, there are many male nurses.
I'm choking!
Do what you will.
The ravishing beauty queen wearing a blue velvet gown with a plunging neckline struck a pose on the red carpet.
He won't let me ask you.
The flat front trouser was a staple of that fashion designer's collections.
If you want to include papers that have been submitted to academic journals, you are limited to those that have been accepted for publication.
The students did the work without help from others.
She went out with her friends.
He is proficient in literature.
I believe she didn't get any replies.
One hundred percent of the brain's capacity has been reached.
He is the greatest player the team has had.
What would have happened if Peter Parker hadn't been bitten by a spider but a stoat?
Now, Europe seems to be the Paradise.
I have wishes.
Are Scots really stingy?
Fill her up with regular. I'll be paying in cash.
She has always had problems with the circulation in her hands and feet.
Don't expect it to happen overnight.
It's very cold this evening.
He'll certainly come visit us.
Sometimes my son comes to visit me.
He really likes going to the theater.
I'm going to visit Tom today.
She suggested that we go to the theater.
Why didn't you come visit me?
I'm going to go visit my uncle tomorrow.
A young woman came to visit me yesterday.
You can come visit me whenever you like.
I wouldn't dare come and visit you now.
Los Angeles is one of the cities that I want to visit.
Every time that I came to visit her, she had already left.
Something tells me that she has found them.
Who? Me?
Did you know the four-in-hand knot is also known as the schoolboy knot?
A hand has five fingers.
Last summer was very hot.
Sometimes, smaller is better.
I'll never forget that night.
Thank you, Sherlock Holmes.
Thanks, Sherlock.
Do you think it was an accident?
This factory is almost fully automated.
You should get more rest.
Humans aren't meant to be alone.
You could have told me the first time.
You could've let me know earlier.
You should've let me know sooner.
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.
I should have known it was a waste of time.
I should've known it was going to be a waste of time.
I should've known Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I should've known Tom wouldn't do what we wanted him to do.
It's nothing but a glorified paperweight now.
You could have told me the truth.
Parents should be role models for their children.
I'll never betray you.
It was nice of you to say that.
I'm glad you were able to come.
I'm glad I didn't do that.
What size shoe does he wear?
If the students are bored, they will find ways to entertain themselves.
Do you have any race shirts in extra small?
It is impossible to prevent this situation from occurring again.
Many refugees are trying to reach Europe.
Many of the migrants are war refugees.
This is a human tragedy.
They were desperate to get to Europe.
More than four million Syrians are refugees.
More than 2,people have died trying to reach Europe so far in 2015.
Thousands of migrants try to cross the Mediterranean every month to reach Europe.
The situation is evolving rapidly.
The boat was very crowded.
Does this burgundy Henley shirt come in small?
Many migrants travel from Greece, through the Balkans, to Western Europe.
Do you have any ivory crepe blouses in medium?
Do you sell any trousers lined with plaid flannel?
A compound word consist of two smaller words.
He did not perish in vain.
Proverbs 13:says we will be wise if we walk with men, but "a companion of fools shall be destroyed."
We leaned on our elbows.
It's crowded, so let's take the next train.
The servant went out into the highways and hedges and compelled people to come to his master's fast.
This one's crowded, so let's take the next train.
Have you already finished your composition for language class?
If the large maroon turtleneck is too big, do you have it in medium?
Hawaii is an earthly paradise.
Scurvy, a disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C, long ago plagued sailors who ate no citrus fruits.
Ready comprehension requires concentration, focusing entirely on one's reading.
Hawaii is a paradise on earth.
Marie had a cat.
They are not transgressive.
Where can I park my elephant?
Does a government have to serve ideologies, or rather, the interests of the people?
It isn't a quilt.
I don't drink vodka!
The girl Tom was chatting with fainted.
The girl Tom was going out with left him.
Tom, with whom I am sharing a room, is messy.
Tom, the guy I'm sharing a room with, is messy.
The professor I was arguing with finally conceded and said I was right.
The woman Tom was engaged to turned out to be a man!
The person I am thinking of is Mary.
The person I am writing to is my mother.
The person I am angry with is my brother.
The person my boss has a grudge against is me.
The one Lisa holds a grudge against is Stan.
I hate everything about Mary.
I have uploaded a new music video on YouTube.
You're right. I have to go on living.
I'm beautiful, no matter what they say.
We know what the Philippines' highest mountain is called.
It's more fun in the Philippines.
She is twenty years old.
If we were together I would bring you flowers every day.
Interlingue is more beautiful and easier than Esperanto.
Can you really do it?
The debate was terminated abruptly after a water balloon was thrown at the stage.
How did the world come into being?
It's important to help victims of fate.
The growth of the world economy is slowing down.
Your efforts are doomed.
Dresses are on sale on the top floor.
I don't dig up their potatoes.
Have you known her for a long time?
Beyond the shadow of a doubt, this is the best.
I'd like some poundcake.
As a rule, she and I agree with each other.
She and I usually agree with each other.
Tom and I usually agree on things like this.
The global economy has fallen into a recession.
I hope that you won't make the same mistake as Tom.
She smiles a lot.
You were ready.
I will never apologize for the United States of America, ever. I don't care what the facts are.
Tom and Mary tried not to laugh too loudly.
The plan was kept under wraps until the last minute.
She got into trouble because of Tom.
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.
I don't want to be judged just by my appearance.
Tom looked in consternation at the stain on his shirt.
Do you think that Tom is happy?
Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid.
You're not the first person to tell me that, and surely you're not the last.
The iron uses a lot of electricity.
This town isn't big enough for the two of us.
Fish were falling out of the clear blue sky!
I would like her to give me an explanation.
Be careful when you cross a road.
It would be better to put his troubles aside.
ׁWhat were you thinking when you left the bag of dog food in the middle of the living room without keeping an eye on it?
Mary gave John a hard time for not keeping an eye on the kids.
A blood clot is good when it occurs on the skin and bad when it occurs within the body.
Don't worry. The blood will clot soon.
Do something for the bleeding from the wound.
What may I eat?
It's not what you said. It's how you said it.
You cannot succeed without being industrious.
You can't succeed without hard work.
Honey is made from nectar, not pollen.
Honey is made by honey bees.
I almost cried too!
I ate an insect by accident.
The old man stroked his beard thoughtfully.
Tom is a beekeeper.
I thought the key opened everything.
I was waiting for something to happen.
We had the porter carry our luggage to our room.
I had the porter carry my luggage to my room.
What can I eat?
You have stolen my happiness, Charles.
Maybe Charles is stupid.
I need to pick out a Purim costume.
I need to choose a costume for Purim.
I saw a funny clown with a big red nose.
The wicked Haman tried to wipe out all of the Jews in the kingdom of Persia.
Queen Vashti was the first wife of King Ahasuerus.
Mordecai the Jew was a cousin of Queen Esther.
King Ahasuerus loved Esther.
Purim is my favorite holiday.
Leaves grow on branches.
The trunk is the main part of a tree.
The letters on the four sides of the dreidel are the first letters of the words in the sentence; "A great miracle happened here."
What were the two miracles that were done for the people of Israel on Hanukkah?
During the feast of Hanukkah it is customary to play with a four sided dreidel.
Who were the Maccabees?
Why do we call Hanukkah The Festival of Lights?
She arrived from Japan at the age of 10.
I arrived home last Friday.
I'm fed up with your attitudes.
Today we still don't know who will win the elections.
I hoped to get an email from Mary today.
I hoped to get an email from you today.
I won't get an email from anyone today.
Today I will not get an email from Mary.
I didn't send an email to Tom today.
I didn't send an email to anyone today.
I didn't get an email from him today.
I didn't get an email from them today.
I didn't get an email from you today.
I didn't get an email from Tom today.
I didn't get an email from my parents today.
I didn't get an email from my company today.
You are invited to a Bar-Mitzva in a week.
You are invited to a betrothal party a week from now.
This is a decision that is very dependent upon what possibilities the family has.
We bought the apartment a few years ago.
We bought the apartment a long time ago.
We didn't buy the apartment that long ago.
We didn't buy the apartment very long ago.
We bought the apartment in 1995.
It's shocking what they wrote about you in the papers.
Tom and Mary are crazy about each other.
No one's body is perfect.
No one has a perfect body.
Esperanto is much simpler than Interlingua.
Esperanto is much easier than Interlingua.
I've never told anyone before.
It was raining that day.
It was snowing that day.
I've never told anyone this before.
I will kill this habit or die trying.
There were some burned-out structures along the road.
Maybe Tom is stupid.
Maybe Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as he looks.
Some people say Tom is stupid, but I think he's pretty smart.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as he used to be.
Tom says some stupid things sometimes.
What's the stupidest thing you've ever seen Tom do?
Do you think Tom is stupid?
Whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired.
Tom has some pretty stupid ideas.
I feel stupid sometimes.
Maybe all of Tom's suggestions weren't stupid.
We made some stupid mistakes.
There are many videos on YouTube of people doing stupid things.
What's the best way to deal with stupid people?
There are still many stupid laws that are on the books.
Who do you think will win the election?
Do you think Tom has any chance of being elected class president?
The manager of the electric company will be fired.
I have a new bike.
I noticed that she's wearing new glasses.
Tom's joke was met with stony silence.
I had hoped to get an email from you today.
Tom blew on his hands and rubbed them together trying to warm them up.
I'll just be out back for a while.
Why have you been so miserable lately?
We are thinking of a lot of solutions.
Don't go to university just because it's what you're supposed to do.
That used car salesman is as crooked as a dog's hind leg.
He answered in tears.
If you eat a spoonful of sugar or a small piece of whole wheat bread, it seems that the bread would be less detrimental.
Make sure you check all the pockets for tissues before washing your clothes.
My wife is asleep on the couch, but her snoring is disturbing my sleep.
I'm seriously considering it.
Mary accidentally put Tom's mobile phone through the wash.
We are a lot stronger than you thought.
The games are over, and the secrets are out.
Will I miss out on anything if I don't read this book?
The kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit.
At funerals we don't tell jokes, and we don't laugh!
My family and I are going for a fun filled day at the beach. It will include swimming, gathering shells, and building sandcastles.
I'll see you in court.
Postman Pat's head is stuffed with explosives.
I talk to Tom on the phone every day.
Tom often talks to his parents on Skype.
If you say this to someone whose plane is going to crash, this phrase is not going to mean anything.
The review report recommended a raft of changes.
The guests in the international hotel often nod and smile.
One day Tom just up and left.
Tom was admitted to hospital last night.
People don't usually tell jokes at funerals.
Someone like that is destined to fail.
I don't really want to be there.
Tom was hopping mad when he was notified of his sacking by email.
I didn't receive any e-mail from Mary today.
The black grapes are as sweet as the white ones.
The convenient thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry anywhere.
I had to know the truth.
I had to know the truth about it.
The innkeeper grinned slyly.
I wanted to know the truth.
It's important to tell the truth.
I've forgotten his last name.
They look so similar that I don't know who is who.
These lemon-almond cookies are excellent.
Cheese isn't easy to digest.
Why did he break off his speech?
Do you take me for an idiot?
Next Monday and Tuesday are holidays.
It was hard at first.
My friend is obsessed with this.
This squash smells like melon.
Before it's cooked, butternut squash smells like melon.
Poverty is no vice — it's twice as bad.
Tom and Mary are tarred with the same brush.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
A good run is better than a bad stand.
What's with the rush?
What's up with the rush?
Tom has a lot of brains.
Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure.
Everyone respects you, what more do you want - jam on it?
The baby is growing teeth now.
The baby is teething now.
My right hand has fallen asleep.
The table doesn't take up much room.
The table does not occupy much space.
Tom and Mary are playing tennis.
I have forgotten her last name.
You are lucky because he didn't bite you.
The landscape was flat and monotonous.
See if you can make my hair lie flat.
I am a student who likes going to school.
Sometimes a flower should be enough to smile.
We go to the cinema to be scared by watching horror movies.
Your hypocrisy is really a big problem.
You are double-faced and this is the problem.
I think my students are simply the best.
There's nothing better than a hearty bowl of lentil soup!
These claims lack a scientific foundation.
Don't despair, ask Thomas!
Are you a god?
I was forced to lie.
There's no telling where they're holding Tom.
We also failed to find gold in the brook.
So what if you show up and she's not there and then it starts to pour?
A long time ago, Europeans thought that the Sun was orbiting the Earth.
Dad made a bunch of Hamantaschen.
There are a number of laws necessary for the protection of animals.
Please don't insult the boy!
The elections for the European parliament were held today.
There was nothing here, just sand and more sand.
Are you learning Chinese?
I'm crazy about roller coasters.
I am somebody and I am important.
I live in the nearby city.
She's a wonderful girl.
I don't know how to explain how Tom did that.
Just look at what your dog has done.
It is more difficult for engineers to learn Japanese than it is for Japanese people to learn English.
My favorite singer is Mariah Carey, too!
Your favorite singer is Whitney Houston, right?
A significant quantity of mercury was found in the mackerel.
I didn't understand the humour.
Is it true that this is not true?
Rain is unlikely.
The chance of rain is low.
It is not like that. Become a supporter of Barack Obama.
Don't leave the bedroom window open.
Tom kept every love letter Mary ever wrote him.
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the time griping about their husbands.
Even though Tom has a very demanding job, he always makes time for Mary and the kids.
Some German words are extremely difficult for an English speaker to pronounce, for example "Streichholzschächtelchen".
How exactly am I supposed to do that?
Hurry up and get dressed. You're going to miss your ride.
The room is shrouded in smoke.
The forecast rain never eventuated.
I visited Paris, but I didn't climb the Eiffel tower, since I'm afraid of heights.
The African elephant is the largest land mammal on earth.
The blue whale is the largest marine mammal, and the largest mammal on earth.
Don't put salt on my wounds!
That stinks.
Are they all the same price?
There's nothing we can do. You will have to learn to cope with it.
Do you play any other instruments besides the piano?
Where does this trail lead?
Where does this path take you?
I like Irish music.
Let's do this again sometime!
I'm living a secular lifestyle.
There isn't a life guard at the beach.
"It looks like the typhoon is getting closer." "Yeah, it's going to suck if school's cancelled tomorrow."
The flight was canceled.
The state of Israel is not a big desert where people get around on camels.
Tom works in archaeology.
I think I have tendinitis.
This is my sentence.
My favorite color is blue.
My parents are quarreling.
This photo is my favorite.
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?
Do you have proof that God exists?
I was just now thinking about you.
Do you have a shekel?
On Friday I help Mother make Challa for Sabbath.
By what age do you want to get married?
We are not looking for new workers.
I need shekels.
You've spilled your coffee.
Have you ever traveled alone?
I recognized him immediately.
Among the paintings of Claude Monet is one titled "Lilac Irises" and another called "Iris Mauve."
Mauve was initially called "Tyrian purple."
The color of lilac is named after the lilac flower.
You have five minutes to get dressed and come downstairs.
I'm not that good at writing songs.
Oh boy, what's Dad going to do to you when he gets home?
I have no way to know.
I think I like her.
What's goin on, bro?
There's nothing like cold watermelon in the summer.
There's nothing like cottage cheese.
I'm a native. I was born here in the Land.
Some mistakes can be ignored.
Do they all cost the same?
Do these all cost the same?
Are these all the same price?
He didn't go to the lake.
She didn't go to the lake.
Tom can't grow a mustache yet.
Women like men with mustaches.
"Do you want to work?" "No."
Is the warrior burning the house?
The statistics are in our favor.
Would you mind doing me a favor?
The youngest boy dropped behind the other tourists.
Ireland is famous for its lace.
Every day, I take the train to work.
Stop acting like a spoiled child.
I take the train to work every day.
Tom likes making paper airplanes.
At home, he always read lying down.
Our new headquarters are in Tokyo.
Have you ever studied archaeology?
I think my neighbor may have died.
The mercury plunged to minus overnight.
After two hours on the road, Tom made a comfort stop.
Children can't drink wine.
Children shouldn't drink wine.
I think it's not a good idea to let children drink wine.
Are you using that?
Are you going to use that?
I did a short presentation this morning.
My dad is teaching me how to cook.
We're back to square one.
All but one of planets of the Sun lack life.
The parents were worried that their child might be autistic.
The boy knows how to disassemble the toy.
Mary is Tom's stepsister.
The war ended with a humiliating defeat for Britain.
That girl's face is incredibly ugly.
Many children are yelling annoyingly.
Many children are yelling, which is annoying.
We shared the money evenly among the three of us.
You should do all you can to help your neighbors.
Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday, dear Mary! Happy birthday to you!
I don't know when it'll be fixed, but I'm sure either Tom or Mary will fix it fairly soon.
I don't know when Tom called, but it was either yesterday or the day before.
I don't know when I'll be able to pay you back the money I owe you.
I don't know when, but it's likely to happen before next Monday.
I don't know when Tom got married, but I do know he got married.
I don't know when I'll see Tom again, but I'm sure I will.
I don't know when I'll be able to get back to Boston.
I don't know when the prisoners will be released.
I don't know when it happened, but it happened.
I don't know when we're supposed to be there.
I don't know when I'll be able to help you.
I don't know when the prices will change.
I don't know when that's going to happen.
I don't know when the party will begin.
I don't know when Tom will come home.
I don't know when Tom will be back.
Do you not want to respond?
Is the idea wrong?
I arrived in China.
I want to write a book about the spiders in my region.
Why are you there?
We tried.
I don't think we will see each other again.
Mary stabbed Tom.
He wrote letters and read before going to sleep again.
Now it is half past three, but we booked a place at the restaurant at o'clock
You can't do anything wrong with learning a language.
You’re bound to recognize her by her voice.
I am not a native speaker.
The Republic of China is a democratic state.
Taiwan is the democratic China.
I don't know when the husband called.
Olya ordered this manhua from Taiwan.
Hungary closed its most important train station.
Your ice cream will melt if you don't eat it quickly.
If you have a fever, you should go to the hospital right away.
If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away.
Tom had to dash into the bushes to answer a call of nature.
When I want your opinion, I'll ask you for it.
There you are! I have been looking all over for you.
How's the wife?
Do we need to take a toll road? We're not in a hurry.
There was someone else there.
When was the last time you used a toll road?
How often do you use toll roads?
Is there any easy way to get there without using a toll road?
This bridge used to be a toll bridge.
This bridge was originally a toll bridge.
It's true that it's not true?
"What's the purpose of your visit?" "I'm a tourist."
Some German words are extremely difficult to pronounce for an English speaker, for example: "Streichholzschächtelchen".
Bring me the vinegar and oil, please.
The small dog Laike is not the only animal to have gone in space
Hello! With whom am I speaking? You don't recognize me? It's me, Aldo!
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
I don't want to speak your language.
I can't speak your language, because I don't know.
In my opinion, it's not a good idea.
How much does that cost per day?
I was shocked at how rude, stubborn, and arrogant that Frenchman was.
He's not at home.
You are much more beautiful than Marika. Believe me!
You are more beautiful than you think.
You are less beautiful than you think.
Tom found himself bewildered.
The Etruscan shrew is the smallest mammal by weight. It only weighs 1.grammes.
Seems like there are too many Turkish trolls on Tatoeba.
How many people are in your group?
Hello, may I ask who's speaking? You don't know who this is? It's me, Aldo.
I would have never met you.
They'll never believe us.
She'll end up being fed up with it.
For the rest of my life, I'll never forget that I saw her.
I had no idea that Tom knew how to speak French.
I think Tom was looking for you.
I see the moon and the sun.
I was born on March 18th 1994.
I was born on the 18th of March 1994.
I feel like eating something that isn't sweet.
You can't make a good meal without good ingredients.
I'm dying to meet you all.
What are you suggesting to me?
For as long as I live, I'll never forget that I saw her.
I usually eat outside.
He's as happy as a king.
He's not "my son," rather, I'm "his father."
There was no need to call the doctor.
The square root of four is two.
He still depends on his parents.
They studied the map, trying to find a shortcut.
Did you know that Tom has a son?
I think everything's fine.
I heard that Nancy is really pretty.
I can't take this pain any longer.
I can't bear this hurt anymore.
I don't know what you're trying to say.
Who's playing the piano right now?
I'm dying of laughter.
Of course you can.
Dan likes Hungarian better than any other language.
Running is a good sport.
If it weren't for the sun, life would be impossible.
Would it bother you if I smoke?
I'll be back in about an hour.
I'll be back in a couple minutes.
I want to buy her flowers or candy.
Please don't touch the flowers.
What lovely flowers you brought.
You think I'm stupid?
Tom doesn't know who to believe: John or Mary.
Sheep give us wool.
People usually have two reasons for doing something: a good reason and the real reason.
We got here first.
Absolutely!
I really gotta piss.
My life, my rules.
I wish there was a filter on Tatoeba which would allow me to ban from my sight the word "Tom", once and for all.
I wish I hadn't known how to speak Turkish.
Sometimes it isn't enough for two people speak the same language.
Sometimes you don't need to speak the same language in order to understand each other.
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
The penguins huddled together to stay warm.
Girls, that just wasn't good enough.
Guys, that just wasn't good enough.
You don't want to know what happened to him.
You don't want to know what happened to them.
You don't want to know what happened to her.
Soon after, Tom met a young woman named Mary. They married and decided to start a family.
You'll be the first to know, I promise.
If anything happens, you'll be the first to know. I promise.
How do you know it's not a trap?
Can I braid your hair?
What's your favorite stuffed animal?
This is a fun homework assignment.
She wastes all her money on clothing.
She wastes all of her money on clothes.
We hate the rules.
I gave a short presentation this morning.
Do we need to take the toll road? We're not in a hurry.
I'm glad you volunteered to help.
Tom lied about his grade.
His mouth went dry.
Tom's mouth went dry.
Mary cleared her throat nervously.
It's not polite to stare.
He described the circumstances in detail.
Squirrels eat acorns.
He said, that the slavic mythology wasn't such a consistent system like greek or roman mythology.
Suzan is crazy.
In Europe the schools start up in September.
Mary kept working despite her illness.
I come from Europe.
Which fruit is red?
After a little while you'll know Esperanto.
Despite the heavy rain, he decided to leave.
My name is Ken.
I don't know the meaning of the expression, "impossible."
Hello, Lisa.
Why are you staying awake so late.
I asked him why he was crying.
Why did she stop her speech?
Why aren't you eating vegetables?
Why'd you go to Japan?
I want to learn toki pona.
She was happy because her dream came true.
I slept all day yesterday, since it was Sunday.
I took a taxi since it was raining.
He wouldn't have thought twice.
Who is eating?
I'm looking for this key.
She lives by the sea, but she doesn't know how to swim.
He lives beside the sea, but he doesn't know how to swim.
Who went with you?
A bunch of children ran after the rabbit.
I can't live like this.
Sometimes you don't have to speak the same language to understand each other.
They were born in Tacuarembó.
He put the key on the desk, as he always does.
He officially announced his candidacy.
If you want, you can use my table.
Which country do you come from?
This ancient table is still in use.
This table is made from wood.
I saw a flower on the table.
Through many cascades, the water shoots loudly into the valley. I breathe deeply and for some reason think about Maria, who is always going on a new adventure. I know she feels an unbridled emotion when she is free. That's why she doesn't want to be tied to me.
Have you ever been in Brazil?
In the countryside, the breaths of the grass, the trees, and the rocks have the foul smell of humans. They call to me from all directions, and they cling to me. But in the city, even the passengers of a jam-packed train are as quiet as pebbles on the riverbed, and everyone is only thinking of themselves.
I live in Boston in America right now, but I plan on going back to Japan later this year.
I now live in Boston in the US, but I plan to go back to Japan before the end of the year.
It would be much appreciated if you would do that for me.
I'd appreciate it if you did that for me.
The cat is hidden under the table.
I'm always stressed out.
My father has a new car.
He isn't wearing a hat.
Where can I borrow a car?
You don't speak English in your home.
Who are you and where did you come from?
I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
Who are you and where do you come from?
I didn't promise anybody anything.
I never promised anybody anything.
It's useless talking to her.
It's useless talking to him.
It's useless talking to them.
This crowd makes me anxious.
She's always satisfied with herself.
Which is longer, a single bond or a double bond?
Sorry, I can't stay long.
Since when do you learn Japanese?
He has to pull allnighters frequently to meet the deadline.
Tom is a notorious procrastinator.
Mary is more of a tea kind of person.
Peter likes to improvise on his guitar.
Mary is training for a marathon.
How does tomorrow around 9:PM sound?
Why are you still awake?
Tom isn't very manly.
Why are there so many Esperantists on Tatoeba?
Cats have two ears.
I’m tired of trolls on Tatoeba.
I’m tired of insulting behaviors on Tatoeba.
I'm tired of disinformation on Tatoeba.
On Tatoeba, adding example sentences in non-native languages is frowned upon by some users.
We were exhausted but happy.
Chancellor Merkel said that all Syrian migrants would be allowed to come to Germany and apply for asylum.
Thousands of migrants decided to walk from Budapest in Hungary to Austria.
“If you are an alien, how come you sound like you’re from the north?” “Lots of planets have a north!”
Why do some wicked people feel the need to troll disruptively on Tatoeba?
Many refugees have risked their lives to reach Europe.
Tom is a lawyer and a very good one, too.
Tom grew up in a military family.
