My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot up until about three years ago.
Even though many women shave their legs, Mary doesn't.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot in the past.
Tom bought a sewing machine for Mary.
Tom takes six tablets every morning after breakfast.
What planet do you live on?
We're one player short.
My telephone number is 9876-5432.
Toki Pona is a simple communication system.
The Party said: "It's necessary!" — The Komsomol answered: "Will do!"
Toki Pona simplifies my thoughts.
I published my little book in 2001.
A small community emerged.
The Party said: "It has to be done!" — The Komsomol answered: "Will do!"
The Party said: "It has to be done!" — The Komsomol answered: "It will!"
The Party said: "It must be done!" — The Komsomol answered: "It will!"
I never thought I would get married.
Tom and Mary are secretly in love with each other.
Many people believe that Tom and Mary are secretly in love with each other.
I think that Tom is a part of the conspiracy.
You're not as important as you think you are.
You're not as important as you think.
Classes start on Monday.
I don't remember Mary's smile anymore.
He is not the only one who thinks this way.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks so.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks Mary's wrong.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks Mary's cute.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks we shouldn't be doing this.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks it would be a good idea to get there early.
They made a frame with tape.
Butterflies can communicate using ultraviolet signals.
I don't understand why you hang out with her all the time.
I don't understand why you hang out with Tom all the time.
Maybe I'm never going to find anyone.
We met through a mutual friend.
Things quickly got serious between us.
Neko mimi characters are cute!
I'm worried about what other people are going to think.
So, you giving up?
Tom said he is not interested in 3D girls.
Tom speaks without thinking.
You don't need to answer this question.
Sometimes the stock market goes up, and sometimes it goes down.
How can I ever forget those moments?
I strive to serve more to the satisfaction of my superior.
For us, English is more difficult than Spanish.
My favorite singer is Whitney Houston.
There was no appreciable quantity of mercury found in the fish.
The shark is chasing the clownfish.
The brave mouse chased the cat.
Touch my body.
The girl wrote something on the page of the book.
American singer Mariah Carey is known as the Elusive Chanteuse.
She wasn't ready for marriage.
She felt she wasn't ready for that commitment.
Her ex-boyfriend was very possessive and confrontational.
She grew up in an abusive home.
She wanted to have a normal relationship with him.
She needs a little more time.
She didn't press him.
She moved to his place.
Tom said that he needed a little more time.
She worked long hours as a nursing assistant.
She added some personal touches to the wedding cake.
She constantly showed her affection to him.
I want to learn Russian.
Her excitement nearly bubbled over.
She admitted her involvement in the robbery.
She admitted that she sometimes had trouble with him.
She always thought she could get out of it.
She backed him into a corner and he finally admitted that he had been unfaithful to her.
She cancelled her date.
She couldn't understand why people rejected her because of the color of her skin.
She didn't display any type of emotion.
She didn't want to know anything about his personal life.
She found out that the computer he had sold her was stolen.
She grew up in a small friendly town.
She had a questionable past.
She had a sexual encounter with him.
She has always dressed and identified as a male.
She headed back inside.
She insisted that she was home the entire night.
She introduced herself to them.
She kept that secret from nearly everyone.
She kissed him to the point that she couldn't stop.
She knew his secret.
She left him in peace.
She liked to party and meet boys.
She lives a world away from him.
She looked like a fairy in her beautiful white dress.
She modeled the dress for her mother.
She ran to the neighbor's house to call for assistance.
She realized she had seen him before.
She saw him at the store.
She seemed to like him.
She shared the room with two other sisters.
She spent the rest of the night with him.
She took two steps back.
She wanted to live the American dream.
She wanted to marry an all-American man.
She was a likely suspect.
She was a loving wife and mother.
She was a woman of few emotions.
She was bleeding profusely from the head.
She was friends with both Tom and Mary.
She was having her period.
She was his new girlfriend.
She was well known for her gothic appearance.
She wore a beautiful white dress.
They talked throughout the night.
Her dog started barking like crazy.
Her decision shocked everyone.
I want to learn Arabic.
On Sundays I relax.
Look, he's approaching.
Focus your attention on the really important things.
I love Toki Pona.
I ate two green apples and a bowl of green grapes last night.
The Spanish words "cigüeña", "pingüino", and "vergüenza" have diaeresis.
Swallows fly swiftly.
At the end of the day, the right decision was made.
Have you ever seen a swift?
Tom's matured a fair bit in the last few years.
Tom needs to take a long, hard look at himself.
Tom let the cat out of the bag when he accidentally told his mother about the surprise party being planned for her.
She is scary-looking with all that makeup.
The handbag you bought in China is cheap-looking.
I must admit the attorney drew up a pretty serious-looking contract.
We have become an intolerant, inward-looking society.
The cute girl was bitten by a zombie dog and became zombie.
We need a forward-looking leader to make this country great again.
Tom is bickering with his wife.
Mary gave Tom her hand to kiss.
Germany is introducing temporary border controls with Austria.
Germany is introducing temporary border controls with Austria to reduce the number of migrants coming into the country.
Mary won the Miss Tatoeba contest.
Russians are people of slave origin.
Tom high-fived his friend.
The first thing you should do is call a lawyer.
Tom and Mary carpool to work.
Mary worked so hard that she got sick.
Mary folded her T-shirt carefully.
The press always loves a good scandal.
They're definitely more than just friends.
It's you I'm worried about.
Tom is a perfect gentleman.
What do you have planned for tonight?
The entire book was written by hand.
Tom got a job at a local pizzeria.
Tom has a very difficult relationship with his father.
Tom has a distant relationship with his father.
The students sat in a circle.
Relax. Dating is supposed to be fun.
It was a stroke of genius.
Tom wants to go home, but he can't.
Tom majored in sociolinguistics.
I took semesters of conversational Arabic at the community college.
Even though I can write in Arabic pretty well, my conversational skills still need a lot of work.
Where are they swimming?
My tail hurts!
Do you have any glasses for three-eyed people?
Wake me up before you wake up.
She gave birth to her grandmother.
Insert this memory stick into my head, please!
See you at Chizhik-Pyzhik monument.
Can I check my email on your tab?
I no longer remember Mary's smile.
If I'm able to meet you I'll do it.
She never talks to him.
Tom never talks to Mary.
Sooner or later, I'll probably get bored.
Sooner or later, I'll probably visit Boston.
Sooner or later, I'll probably get tired of doing this.
Sooner or later, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Eventually, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Sooner or later, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Eventually, I'll probably get tired of doing this.
The way Tom drives, he's going to have an accident sooner or later.
For my breakfast today: fried egg on toast with cheese.
"What's your favorite food?" "Fish and chips with mayonnaise."
"What did you have for lunch?" "Roast beef and chicken with teriyaki sauce on rye bread."
"What did you have for dinner?" "Grilled shrimp and baked zucchini with garlic sauce over rice noodles."
It seems that Tom is not a man.
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun.
The planet closest to the sun is Mercury.
What's the nearest planet to the sun?
Mercury is the nearest planet to the sun.
The planet nearest to the sun is Mercury.
Tom was rescued by a passerby.
Everyone voted for it. No one voted against it.
My apartment is more comfortable than yours.
I will not accept the gifts.
I'm a friend of Roberto's.
You don't know the whole story.
We didn't know the whole story at that time.
Tom is on paternity leave.
We need to talk to each other more often.
I read this book when I was in college.
I read this book when I was in high school.
You should listen to your wife.
Adult coloring books have become popular recently.
Can you empty the dishwasher?
I love my family more than anything.
Relax. It's supposed to be fun.
My cat slept next to me.
Mary is very good at matching people.
We went back to my place and then we started coloring pictures together.
Tom was bitten by a cobra.
Tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra.
What should you do if you are bitten by a cobra?
I can't believe he's single.
I just want this to be over.
I can't believe he's still single.
I can't believe you're still single.
What are you trying to hide from me?
Mary grew up in a conservative family.
It's hard to believe that Tom is still single.
I can't believe Tom is still single.
Are you going home now?
He is itchy.
His back itches.
This food is very sweet.
What is this red food called?
I had to wait for Tom till the end.
You goose, you're doing it all wrong!
I speak Lithuanian.
If you get sleepy, tell me.
If you get sleepy, let me know.
If you get sleepy, just tell me.
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?
Who was the girl you were with the other day?
Why don't you try it again from the beginning?
What happened? You look pale.
Would you let me think about it for a while?
Would you give me some time to think about it?
Would someone please wake me up at 2:30?
I was born on March 3rd, in Marseille, France.
I live at 517, das Torres Street, Madrid, Spain.
The figures for recidivism rates among murderers cited in the newspaper appear to have been taken out of thin air.
I'm going to ask you something I've never asked before.
Are you saying I'm impolite?
Why do it this way?
I'll see her tomorrow.
The hardest part of learning a language is knowing the vocabulary by heart.
She was skiing.
Dragons spit fire.
There is meat, cheese and tomatoes in my sandwich.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal at my school.
Tom joined a political party.
Can I come in now?
Keep your dirty hands off me!
The Japanese art of flower arrangement is called Ikebana.
I can't stand violence.
Go on, Tom, I'm listening.
Go on, Tom, we're listening.
I don't want to wait any longer than necessary.
The waiters bumped into each other.
The waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays.
I want to know all about you.
You like cats, don't you?
This window is bulletproof.
She awoke in the middle of the night.
My father died when the cherry trees were in full bloom.
She had to say goodbye to her hometown.
She speaks very rapidly.
I'll change before going to the dance.
I paid for my purchases in cash.
You swim much better than he does.
Would you all like another cup of tea?
I'm sure that you'll keep your word.
Water freezes at 0° C.
I'd rather go to the mountains in summer.
Thanks a whole lot for the food.
This food truly is tasty.
Where is my food?
Would you like some? I'll eat some too.
They are preparing the food for the party.
How interesting is that!
How cool is that!
How awesome is that!
This food doesn't taste good at all.
I love swimming.
I love sports, too.
Tom, what sports do you like?
Mary likes strange sports.
She likes to eat strange foods.
After work, I went to exercise.
After work, I'm going to exercise.
Six squared is thirty-six.
Which is the sport that you like?
Come back soon!
How many songs has Mariah Carey written to date?
She spoke in behalf of the homeless.
She tried hard to imitate Mariah Carey but failed.
Emily has to buy a new swimsuit because the old swimsuit has become too tight.
She had two children by him.
She threw him away like trash when she was done with him.
It seems I've offended you.
Only madmen aren't afraid of dying.
Both Tom and Mary have Boston addresses, even though they don't live there now.
The reporters started asking Tom questions as soon as he left the courtroom.
Tom said the reason he broke up with Mary was that she was very possessive.
If you run into Tom, ask him when Mary is going to get out of the hospital.
Since you're going to the post office anyway, could you mail these for me?
We have three adopted children. The younger two are biological brothers.
Tom closed the store early and went home because he wasn't feeling well.
Tom and all his friends can easily afford to buy new cars every year.
Since you're going to Tom's house anyway, could you give this to Tom?
Tom and Mary walked from early morning until it started to get dark.
Tom spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Please introduce me to the attractive girl who is talking with Tom.
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Tom soon realized it was useless to try to convince Mary to stay.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Boston this weekend.
Tom thinks Mary is in Boston, but she's actually in Chicago now.
How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want you here?
You should slow down when you approach a four-way intersection.
Tom realized it was useless to try to convince Mary to do that.
Some people don't go to a doctor because they can't afford to.
A reporter asked Tom some questions as he left the courthouse.
If you see Tom, don't forget to ask him how his wife's doing.
This university was founded by Tom Jackson thirty years ago.
It's amazing how Tom was able to do that with just one hand.
It wasn't long before Tom was able to communicate in French.
We have three adopted children and two biological children.
Pets aren't allowed in the apartment building where I live.
Many of the people that need these drugs can't afford them.
I hear that Tom now works at the same company as Mary does.
Tom still doesn't know where he's going to go next summer.
Many people who say they aren't afraid of dying are lying.
I could only answer three of the questions that Tom asked.
The girl we saw waiting in front of Tom's house was Mary.
My parents would never allow me to go to Boston with you.
There's nothing wrong with admitting that you're afraid.
There's a good chance that Tom will be the next manager.
On this matter, I feel exactly the same as way Tom does.
Is there any chance that Tom will be at tonight's party?
After taking the cake out of the oven, allow it to cool.
You should've apologized to Tom for your rude behavior.
What Tom has suggested is perhaps the easiest solution.
Tom assured us that he'll have that done before Monday.
There's a good chance that Tom will be the new manager.
The first stage of the operation has been accomplished.
It's impossible to anticipate every possible situation.
If you wait a while, your eyes will adjust to the dark.
I don't think Tom and Mary will ever get back together.
Children under the age of twelve will be admitted free.
Both Tom and Mary's resignations were announced Monday.
You should've apologized to Tom for calling him names.
Tom might know why Mary wasn't at yesterday's meeting.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we had asked him to do.
They wouldn't allow me to say anything at the meeting.
The music coming from next door was loud and annoying.
Mr. Jackson is the most popular teacher at our school.
It's always a good idea to arrive a few minutes early.
It wasn't long before Tom got tired and went to sleep.
I'm sure that Tom didn't intend to hurt your feelings.
Tom falls in love with every beautiful girl he meets.
Tom Jackson used to be the president of this company.
Tom Jackson founded this university thirty years ago.
The first stage of the mission has been accomplished.
If you run into Tom, ask him how his mother is doing.
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.
I feel exactly the same way as you do about all this.
I don't understand why you hang out with Tom so much.
We need to stop at the Hilton Hotel and pick Tom up.
Tom has been a close friend of mine for a long time.
Only a few people here know that Tom is from Boston.
No additional information is available at this time.
Is there any chance that Tom won't get here on time?
Is there any chance that Tom will agree to the plan?
Tom wished he were able to visit Boston more often.
Tom said he wasn't going to make any announcements.
Tom is scheduled to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom has been a close friend of mine for many years.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with him next weekend.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Tom on the bus.
I don't think Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
Tom's doctor told him that he should quit smoking.
Tom walked into the room and asked where Mary was.
Tom reluctantly agreed that he wouldn't tell Mary.
Tom just can't afford to buy a house at this time.
Tom is planning to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom did acknowledge that he was pretty competitive.
The defense lawyer didn't ask the right questions.
That should never ever be allowed to happen again.
It really did happen just the way Tom said it did.
I've heard that Tom is planning to move to Boston.
I feel exactly the same way I did three years ago.
Everyone thought that Tom could understand French.
Can you introduce me to the girl talking with Tom?
Assuming this thing actually works, we'll be rich.
You should've apologized to Tom for what you did.
You asked for my advice, so I'm giving it to you.
Under normal circumstances, I'd agree to do that.
Tom said he had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Tom is the one who usually takes out the garbage.
Tom called to say he wasn't coming to work today.
Tom and Mary talked to each other all night long.
Tom and Mary spoke to each other for a long time.
Tom Jackson is now the president of this company.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
I ran into Tom this afternoon in the supermarket.
How many people do you think are in the audience?
Additional details weren't immediately available.
A Mr. Jackson came to see you while you were out.
Tom said he would buy something for Mary to eat.
Our French teacher gives us a test every Monday.
It was Tom who taught me how to play the guitar.
Do you know what we're supposed to be doing now?
You should've apologized to Tom for being late.
You should call the dentist for an appointment.
You aren't allowed to do that without a permit.
Why wasn't the woman who attacked Tom arrested?
Tom said that he never expected that to happen.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to insult you.
Tom is planning to stay here until next Monday.
Tom is a man's name and Mary is a woman's name.
Tom has been appointed administrative director.
They can still accomplish their goals, I think.
My first French teacher's name was Tom Jackson.
Many homeless people can't afford healthy food.
I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing.
How many cups of coffee do you drink every day?
Did Tom remember to do what we asked him to do?
We've done almost everything you've asked for.
We'll try to answer all those questions later.
We could hear the sound of people approaching.
Tom said that he didn't expect that to happen.
Tom might've fooled you, but he won't fool me.
Tom is a boy's name and Mary is a girl's name.
Tom has been a close friend of mine for years.
Tom didn't like the answer that Mary gave him.
The school is considering disciplinary action.
The deadline for applications is October 20th.
The court's decision could be announced today.
Radiation levels are within acceptable limits.
If you see Tom, ask him how his wife is doing.
Have you ever been arrested for drunk driving?
Do you and Tom often hang out with each other?
When was the last time you hung out with Tom?
Visit our website for additional information.
Tom has taken on additional responsibilities.
Tom has a wife and three children to support.
Tom and Mary hardly ever speak to each other.
Tom Jackson is the president of this company.
The picnic area is easily accessible by road.
The guy we met yesterday in the park was Tom.
That kind of behavior is just not acceptable.
Someone told me that Tom now lives in Boston.
Some people find this kind of thing annoying.
Police didn't release any additional details.
Not everyone could afford to pay their taxes.
I've heard that Tom will be going to Harvard.
I wish you'd tell me what I'm supposed to do.
I couldn't afford to buy everything I needed.
We've decided to paint the walls light blue.
We plan to have a party for Tom next Monday.
Tom wants to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom is the guy we met in the park yesterday.
Tom has three sons. All of them are doctors.
Tom has decided to hire a private detective.
Tom doesn't have any friends here in Boston.
I worked with Tom for three years in Boston.
I appreciate everything Tom has done for us.
Do you know what we're supposed to be doing?
Bilingual teenagers are encouraged to apply.
Will something like this affect our health?
What Tom has suggested probably won't work.
Tom ran like crazy to catch the last train.
Tom asked Mary which wine she liked better.
This university was founded by Tom Jackson.
They appointed Tom administrative director.
The results won't be immediately announced.
The police officer placed Tom under arrest.
Mr. Jackson is the principal of our school.
Motorists should anticipate traffic delays.
It's amazing that we all didn't get killed.
I've never been asked that question before.
I've heard that Tom is now studying French.
I've heard that Tom asked you to marry him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is from Australia.
I don't want any advertising on my website.
I completely agree with what you're saying.
I appreciate everything you've done for us.
I agree with everything you've said so far.
Commuters should anticipate traffic delays.
What you're asking us to do is impossible.
What were the main points of Tom's speech?
We have a very important decision to make.
We arrived at the lake just before sunset.
Tom wasn't able to carry all of the books.
Tom tried to sing the song Mary requested.
Tom tried to play the song Mary requested.
Tom is the one who usually washes the car.
Tom is the best chess player in our class.
Tom has added three new names to the list.
There are still many unanswered questions.
My father would never allow me to do that.
Maybe Tom couldn't afford to buy a ticket.
Is there any chance that Tom will be late?
I thought you asked me to come over today.
Guests began arriving a little after 2:30.
Everyone thought that Tom was from Boston.
Every address on the list was crossed out.
Are you satisfied with Tom's achievements?
All of these letters are addressed to you.
Additional details weren't made available.
You, too, can achieve success if you try.
Would you mind answering a few questions?
We're approaching the end of our journey.
We surely do appreciate what you've done.
We really need to ask Tom some questions.
Tom's doctor told him to give up smoking.
Tom's appearance is noticeably different.
Tom said he would buy something for Mary.
Tom said he thought Mary was on vacation.
Tom only accepted partial responsibility.
Tom asked the stranger what his name was.
Tom announced his retirement last Monday.
The arrangement proved highly profitable.
The application deadline is October 20th.
The allegations are completely unfounded.
That seems to be a reasonable assumption.
Other people at the meeting didn't agree.
It was Tom that taught me how to do this.
I've been waiting for this my whole life.
I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
I have an important announcement to make.
I assume Tom won't be at tonight's party.
You've assessed the situation perfectly.
You shouldn't just assume Tom is guilty.
We plan to visit Tom tomorrow afternoon.
We have way more questions than answers.
Violence against anyone is unacceptable.
Tom's achievements speak for themselves.
Tom was friends with both Mary and John.
Tom played the guitar and everyone sang.
Tom lived in Boston when he was a child.
Tom has done everything he wanted to do.
Tom doesn't like going to the dentist's.
Tom and his friends were asked to leave.
They're quite disagreeable, aren't they?
No one knew what Tom was planning to do.
No additional information was available.
It was Tom who taught me how to do this.
It was Tom who showed me how to do this.
Is there any chance that Tom will agree?
I wonder if Tom has ever been to Boston.
I was told that Tom now lives in Boston.
I was told that Tom has moved to Boston.
I think it's time to try a new approach.
After careful consideration, Tom agreed.
"Things are getting better," Tom agreed.
You should never ever try this at home.
Who did you hang out with last weekend?
We're approaching the rendezvous point.
Tom said he was heading to the airport.
Tom refused to answer Mary's questions.
Tom is actually not allowed to be here.
Tom didn't want to go to the dentist's.
The police officer advised us to leave.
The landlord promised immediate action.
The audience slowly started to applaud.
The acting in that movie was very good.
That kind of behavior isn't acceptable.
Something terrible has happened to Tom.
October is still three months from now.
Names are listed in alphabetical order.
Many people here don't agree with that.
It's a lot of fun hanging out with Tom.
I went outside and saw Tom at the gate.
I was told that Tom can't speak French.
I just added some potatoes to the stew.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to do.
I definitely appreciate receiving this.
Don't you agree that that's a bad idea?
Do you think Tom will agree to do that?
What kind of bread do you usually eat?
We really appreciated everyone's help.
We need to pick Tom up at the station.
We could hear helicopters approaching.
Tom's doctor told him to quit smoking.
Tom will make an announcement at 2:30.
Tom was living in Boston at that time.
Tom vehemently denied the accusations.
Tom said that he didn't enjoy his job.
Tom said he would buy what was needed.
Tom rarely leaves the house on Monday.
Tom might know who Mary is married to.
Tom called the accusations ridiculous.
Tom and Mary are unbeatable at tennis.
Those questions haven't been answered.
They apologized for the inconvenience.
The cause of death was cardiac arrest.
The campsite isn't accessible by road.
The arresting officer was Tom Jackson.
That's really quite an accomplishment.
That matter hasn't yet been addressed.
People act without thinking sometimes.
Parents must accompany their children.
If you don't like it here, then leave.
I knew Tom was going to wait for Mary.
I feel exactly the same way as you do.
First, I'd like to ask Tom a question.
Aren't there any qualified applicants?
Allegedly, Tom turned that offer down.
All the children loved and adored Tom.
We'll definitely achieve these goals.
We weren't allowed into the building.
We were only allowed to do that once.
We should try doing this another way.
We need an aggressive plan of action.
We can't afford to lose another game.
Tom's constant complaining annoys me.
Tom was the one who taught me French.
Tom was the first person to get here.
Tom says he'll never ever leave Mary.
Tom realized it was useless to argue.
Tom most certainly would not approve.
Tom has already signed the agreement.
Tom grew up in a conservative family.
Tom frequently appears on television.
Tom did acknowledge feeling relieved.
Tom admits he was skeptical at first.
There were some unexpected questions.
The storm shouldn't affect our plans.
The school administration blamed Tom.
The movie was a little disappointing.
I'm surprised that you asked me that.
I want to know your telephone number.
I asked Tom to explain what he meant.
How many people came to your concert?
Everyone in the room seemed to agree.
Do you understand what Tom is saying?
Could somebody help me to carry this?
Church leaders denied the accusation.
Your support is greatly appreciated.
You've met Tom already, haven't you?
You've already met Tom, haven't you?
You're still not allowed to be here.
You can't buy advertising like that.
You aren't afraid of dying, are you?
Words can't express my appreciation.
What we need is a little more money.
What kind of bread do you like best?
What has violence ever accomplished?
We're not anticipating any violence.
We really appreciate you helping us.
We plan to visit Boston next spring.
We get applications from everywhere.
We don't accept emailed submissions.
We couldn't allow any interruptions.
We apologize for this inconvenience.
Tom was trying to control his anger.
Tom tried to do it, but he couldn't.
Tom thought Mary could speak French.
Tom speaks French, and so does Mary.
Tom says that Mary isn't happy here.
Tom refused to answer any questions.
Tom might know something about Mary.
Tom is not anticipating any trouble.
Tom is an amazing basketball player.
Tom is an administrative supervisor.
Tom hasn't been accused of anything.
Tom has already apologized for that.
Tom has accepted Mary's resignation.
Tom finally agreed to join the team.
Tom died in October three years ago.
Tom can't stop Mary from doing that.
Tom and Mary were here this morning.
Tom and Mary rarely go out together.
Tom and Mary disagree on that point.
Tom and Mary are constantly arguing.
Tom and Mary are an unbeatable team.
Tom advised Mary against doing that.
Three of the hostages were beheaded.
There's nothing we can't accomplish.
The treatment appears to be working.
The company didn't admit wrongdoing.
The audience applauded and whistled.
The address I have for Tom is wrong.
That's a very important achievement.
That was our biggest accomplishment.
Smoking and drinking aren't allowed.
Our principal's name is Mr. Jackson.
Officer Tom Jackson made the arrest.
My homeroom teacher is Mrs. Jackson.
Mr. Jackson is our homeroom teacher.
It was an understandable accusation.
I'd rather not answer that question.
I don't recommend doing it that way.
I don't have an answer at this time.
Everyone agreed to a certain extent.
Both Tom and Mary were at the party.
Arrangements have already been made.
Applications are now being accepted.
Applications are being accepted now.
You're acting very strange tonight.
What's your favorite kind of bread?
We didn't anticipate your interest.
Tom's office is on the third floor.
Tom's injury didn't appear serious.
Tom should've apologized instantly.
Tom put off going to the dentist's.
Tom looks a little bit like a girl.
Tom looked deeply into Mary's eyes.
Tom gladly accepted the invitation.
Tom announced the agreement Monday.
Tom agreed with Mary's suggestions.
Tom accepted my apology graciously.
This letter isn't addressed to you.
There were some unexpected answers.
The company didn't admit liability.
The boy standing over there is Tom.
The agreement was announced Monday.
The activists deny the accusations.
That seems a reasonable assumption.
Please accept my heartfelt apology.
October is still three months away.
Nominations are now being accepted.
Mr. Jackson is our science teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my favorite teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a very good teacher.
It's too heavy for me to easily carry.
It was a pretty amazing experience.
It was Tom who helped us find Mary.
It was Tom that told me this story.
It seems that Tom isn't here today.
I've answered this question before.
I'm proud of Tom's accomplishments.
I've admired Tom for a long time.
I don't think they allow that here.
How often do you hang out with Tom?
Exactly what's the accusation here?
All of the proposals were accepted.
After Tom left, we started arguing.
Your ideas are always appreciated.
Your advice is highly appreciated.
You should do what Tom says to do.
Would you please page Tom Jackson?
What kind of bread are you eating?
What are you really accomplishing?
We're working on the arrangements.
We're trying to find some answers.
We're now assessing the situation.
Tom's achievements are impressive.
Tom would never have allowed that.
Tom was appointed by the governor.
Tom graciously accepted the offer.
Tom gave the commencement address.
Tom doesn't speak French, does he?
Tom asked where my car was parked.
Tom asked the stranger who he was.
Tom announced his decision Monday.
Tom agreed with Mary's assessment.
Tom adopted Mary's three children.
Tom added Mary's name to the list.
This is no trivial accomplishment.
This is an unacceptable situation.
They're alleging I bribed someone.
They asked us a million questions.
There's no point arguing with Tom.
The teacher's name is Mr. Jackson.
The men achieved their objectives.
The board gave unanimous approval.
The answer was pretty astonishing.
The answer to your question is no.
That's a tough question to answer.
Something unexpected has happened.
My parents are constantly arguing.
My name was omitted from the list.
Isn't that an amazing coincidence?
Is there anything you want to add?
I'm still waiting for your answer.
I'm in absolutely total agreement.
I'll give them an answer tomorrow.
I'd like to see Tom again someday.
I whole-heartedly agree with this.
I don't think that's allowed here.
I don't anticipate that happening.
I didn't actually anticipate that.
Counseling is by appointment only.
Auditions are by appointment only.
Ask Tom about his old girlfriends.
Applications are due October 20th.
A Mr. Jackson has come to see you.
You've accomplished a great deal.
You're both acting like children.
You have my email address, right?
Who do you usually hang out with?
We have achieved great successes.
We accomplished some good things.
Tom's question was an accusation.
Tom would probably have approved.
Tom was the last person to leave.
Tom was reluctant, but he agreed.
Tom used to live at that address.
Tom thinks Mary can speak French.
Tom tends to apologize too often.
Tom seldom visits Boston anymore.
Tom owes me quite a lot of money.
Tom needed his parents' approval.
Tom most certainly would approve.
Tom made the announcement Monday.
Tom has denied these accusations.
Tom has announced his retirement.
Tom closed the store early today.
Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
The enemy is approaching rapidly.
The announcement was made Monday.
That shouldn't have been allowed.
Results will be announced Monday.
October is still three months off.
Not every community was affected.
My French teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Mental illness can affect anyone.
It's likely that Tom would agree.
It's going to affect our economy.
It was an awesome accomplishment.
Immediate action should be taken.
I don't trust the administration.
I can't afford another operation.
I can understand Tom's annoyance.
I agree with this wholeheartedly.
Here's an important announcement.
Give the administration a chance.
Eventually, an ambulance arrived.
Did you offer Tom any assistance?
Appropriate action is needed now.
An announcement is expected soon.
Your accusation is preposterous.
You swim a lot better than I do.
You should've apologized to Tom.
You should pay attention to Tom.
What exactly did you anticipate?
What can hunger strikes achieve?
We've made arrangements for you.
We're anticipating more charges.
We should offer them assistance.
We have to address that problem.
We appreciated your helping out.
Tom's disease affects his sleep.
Tom's decision shocked everyone.
Tom will arrive on October 20th.
Tom was arrested Monday evening.
Tom used to live on Park Street.
Tom tried to hide his annoyance.
Tom told us that he'd cooperate.
Tom still hasn't abandoned hope.
Tom seemed pleasantly surprised.
Tom said he would do it himself.
Tom refused to answer questions.
Tom politely accepted the drink.
Tom never answered the question.
Tom might know where Mary lives.
Tom is proud of his achievement.
Tom is being arrested right now.
Tom has agreed to give a speech.
Tom arrived here three days ago.
Tom apologized to his teammates.
Tom apologized for upsetting me.
Tom apologized for the incident.
Tom answered in the affirmative.
Tom agreed to teach Mary French.
Tom agreed that it might happen.
Three people have been arrested.
This is a wonderful achievement.
This approach has worked before.
The first goal seems achievable.
The arrangements have been made.
That's a very unfair assessment.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Officially, we don't allow that.
No further action will be taken.
Look at all you've accomplished.
It's too heavy for Tom to carry.
It's been an amazing experience.
It was Tom who broke the window.
I'm taking a different approach.
I'm afraid Tom will be arrested.
I wish you'd tell me what to do.
I shouldn't have asked you that.
I need a good financial adviser.
I knew Tom was waiting for Mary.
I disagree with Tom's statement.
I completely disagree with that.
How many students were affected?
How did you accomplish all this?
Could somebody please answer me?
Cash donations will be accepted.
Around people were arrested.
All the proposals were accepted.
Agreements need to be respected.
Admission is free for residents.
Admission is by invitation only.
Add the rest of the ingredients.
A unanimous agreement is needed.
You've been amazingly tolerant.
You should follow Tom's advice.
What we found was unacceptable.
What part don't you agree with?
What kind of bread do you want?
What Tom did was pretty stupid.
We're proud of our achievement.
We really appreciate your help.
We never had any disagreements.
We have three adopted children.
Tom's acceptance speech was OK.
Tom would've heartily agreed.
Tom was even busier than I was.
Tom says that isn't acceptable.
Tom remains under house arrest.
Tom readily accepted the offer.
Tom looked around in amazement.
Tom is probably going to agree.
Tom is an acquaintance of mine.
Tom has denied the allegations.
Tom has denied the accusations.
Tom has denied that allegation.
Tom has agreed to plead guilty.
Tom has agreed to our proposal.
Tom has admitted no wrongdoing.
Tom hardly ever goes to church.
Tom had denied the allegations.
Tom gave no additional details.
Tom did that against my advice.
Tom apologized for his actions.
Tom advised against doing that.
Tom added broccoli to the stew.
This wasn't an easy assignment.
This new technology is amazing.
They have already been alerted.
The accused remains in custody.
That's quite an accomplishment.
That's a pretty big assumption.
That was an amazing experience.
Surprisingly, I agree with Tom.
Please take care of Tom for me.
People always assume the worst.
Parking and admission are free.
No arrests were made on Monday.
Neither goal has been achieved.
Mary is an extraordinary woman.
It's actually kind of annoying.
It's a very serious allegation.
It works exactly as advertised.
It was Tom who washed your car.
It might affect our friendship.
I've already apologized to Tom.
I'm sure they'll appreciate it.
I didn't ask Tom that question.
I can't afford to go to school.
I apologized to the whole team.
How unappreciative can you get?
How many songs has Tom written?
Everybody came to an agreement.
Entries are now being accepted.
Do you smell something burning?
Board members adopted the plan.
Ask your doctor what he thinks.
Are you saying it's acceptable?
Applications are due by Monday.
Allow three weeks for delivery.
All students are admitted free.
About people were arrested.
Would that be more acceptable?
What Tom did was pretty brave.
We're not asking for anything.
We spent three days in Boston.
We need more trade agreements.
Tom's parents are out of town.
Tom's answer was very evasive.
Tom's answer may surprise you.
Tom was arrested Monday night.
Tom often does volunteer work.
Tom might know Mary's address.
Tom made all the arrangements.
Tom keeps asking me for money.
Tom is an accomplished artist.
Tom is Mary's adopted brother.
Tom has denied the allegation.
Tom has been acting strangely.
Tom has agreed to go with you.
Tom has admitted his mistakes.
Tom doesn't want to apologize.
Tom didn't sign the agreement.
Tom assured us he'd cooperate.
Tom asked what was in the box.
Tom apologized over the phone.
Tom answered his own question.
Tom acknowledges it's not fun.
Tom acknowledged he was upset.
Today, you might get arrested.
This method has worked before.
This is the usual arrangement.
There's a lot of anticipation.
Their accusations may be true.
The commission took no action.
That's no reason to apologize.
That was a big accomplishment.
Tell Tom this is unacceptable.
Some people might assume that.
Over people were arrested.
OK, let's assume you're right.
Not everyone agrees with that.
No arrests have been reported.
My prayers have been answered.
Mr. Jackson teaches us French.
Most people won't be affected.
Look, I'm trying to apologize.
It's fun to hang out with Tom.
It was a great accomplishment.
It seems that Tom wants to go.
I've known Tom for many years.
I strongly disagree with this.
I don't think they allow that.
I assume that's what you want.
I appreciated the opportunity.
How will that be accomplished?
How can we afford all of this?
Don't ask me to do that again.
Does that answer the question?
Do you keep in touch with Tom?
Did that answer your question?
Ask Tom where he put his keys.
Any help would be appreciated.
Another bus will be here soon.
You've done an admirable job.
Would you accept those terms?
Will I receive financial aid?
Why do you hang out with Tom?
What's that going to achieve?
What has Tom been accused of?
We're not abusing the system.
We weren't allowed backstage.
We do everything we're asked.
We can't afford that anymore.
Tom wouldn't agree with this.
Tom will appreciate it a lot.
Tom was arrested last Monday.
Tom was arrested for assault.
Tom should've told the truth.
Tom said he appreciated that.
Tom reluctantly agreed to go.
Tom looks somewhat irritated.
Tom left Boston this morning.
Tom is really good at tennis.
Tom is pleasant to work with.
Tom is an amazing songwriter.
Tom hasn't yet been arrested.
Tom has offered no apologies.
Tom doesn't need your advice.
Tom didn't hesitate to agree.
Tom can't afford that luxury.
Tom asked a lot of questions.
This is an amazing discovery.
They're trained in first aid.
They rejected my application.
They arrested Tom last night.
There was no advance warning.
The police didn't arrest Tom.
The hostages appear to be OK.
The experts were amazed, too.
The answer will surprise you.
The answer to that's obvious.
The answer seems too obvious.
That's an abuse of authority.
That's a huge accomplishment.
That'll be a big achievement.
That isn't acceptable to Tom.
That alone is an achievement.
Please watch Tom for a while.
No one wanted to babysit Tom.
Mr. Jackson is our principal.
Let me answer Tom's question.
It's difficult to please Tom.
It's been an amazing journey.
It's amazing I'm still alive.
It was an amazing experience.
I thought you'd never arrive.
I speak French to my teacher.
I don't think that's allowed.
I disagree with that comment.
I completely approve of this.
I appreciated Tom doing that.
I agree with your assessment.
I agree with that philosophy.
How does one achieve success?
How can we achieve that goal?
How can this be accomplished?
Everyone nodded in agreement.
Did you anticipate that, too?
"I don't know," admitted Tom.
You should do what Tom says.
You are allowed one mistake.
Who cares who appointed Tom?
Who can afford this anymore?
Who can afford these prices?
What part do you agree with?
We've already achieved that.
We're still as busy as ever.
We have to acknowledge that.
We can't afford another war.
We asked Tom some questions.
Tom was looking for answers.
Tom was arrested last month.
Tom was arrested in October.
Tom never talked about Mary.
Tom might have been annoyed.
Tom is very good at cooking.
Tom is now Mary's assistant.
Tom is an amazing filmmaker.
Tom has done an amazing job.
Tom had prepared his answer.
Tom gave a different answer.
Tom disagreed on that point.
Tom didn't ask for anything.
Tom didn't answer his phone.
Tom asked how he could help.
They're going to arrest you.
The answer is pretty simple.
That's quite an achievement.
That was just an assumption.
That strategy hasn't worked.
It's not easy to please Tom.
It's an amazing opportunity.
It doesn't really affect me.
I'm not asking for anything.
I think that's unacceptable.
I think that Tom likes Mary.
I shouldn't have asked that.
I ran into Tom on the train.
I disagree with the verdict.
I didn't ask you to do this.
I definitely agree with Tom.
I completely agree with Tom.
I can't accept your apology.
I appreciate you telling me.
I apologize for the mistake.
I agree with your sentiment.
I agree with this statement.
I agree with Tom's comments.
How many firemen were there?
How did you accomplish that?
How did Tom accomplish that?
Each student has an adviser.
You like Boston, don't you?
Won't Tom be busy tomorrow?
Who does Tom hang out with?
When will Tom go to Boston?
What action should we take?
We weren't allowed to talk.
We simply can't allow that.
We accept online donations.
Was that a fair assessment?
Was Tom at home last night?
Tom would never allow that.
Tom was the first one here.
Tom was arrested on Monday.
Tom was arrested last week.
Tom was arrested in Boston.
Tom thinks he's a big shot.
Tom thinks Mary is amazing.
Tom seems a little annoyed.
Tom said he wanted answers.
Tom looks somewhat unhappy.
Tom looks somewhat annoyed.
Tom is unbeatable at chess.
Tom didn't approve of that.
Tom could be affected, too.
Tom and Mary arrived first.
Tom allowed this to happen.
Those numbers don't add up.
This is unacceptable to us.
There are no wrong answers.
The whole thing is amazing.
The answer isn't yet clear.
That's what I'm asking you.
It really didn't affect us.
It appears that Tom agrees.
Is that what you're asking?
I'm sure Tom can afford it.
I'm not apologizing to you.
I wonder who appointed Tom.
I won't accept these gifts.
I thought Tom was adorable.
I think it's quite amusing.
I should admit my mistakes.
I ran into Tom in the park.
I kind of anticipated that.
I don't know those answers.
I don't apologize for that.
I couldn't afford a lawyer.
I appreciate your feedback.
I appreciate what Tom said.
I agree with this proposal.
I agree with Tom's opinion.
How can we accomplish that?
Everyone has been affected.
Everybody was in agreement.
Does that affect the price?
"It was boring," Tom added.
You're allowed to do that.
Would you agree with that?
Who could argue with that?
We have to pay in advance.
We can't abandon them now.
Tom would agree with that.
Tom will never admit that.
Tom wanted to be accepted.
Tom turned the engine off.
Tom stood as I approached.
Tom might know what to do.
Tom is feeling better now.
Tom has agreed to testify.
Tom asked me to come over.
Tom appeared to be crying.
Tom admits he wasn't sure.
There's a car approaching.
The whole town was amazed.
The suspect has confessed.
The men were all arrested.
That's the correct answer.
That's not annoying to me.
Stop acting like a victim.
Several roads are flooded.
People always ask me that.
No one disagreed with Tom.
No arrests were ever made.
No arrests have been made.
It's been an amazing year.
It's an absurd allegation.
It was an amazing feeling.
I was there when Tom died.
I totally agreed with Tom.
I strongly agree with you.
I love acting and singing.
I guess I'm well adjusted.
I guess I'm easily amused.
I don't have your address.
I don't disagree with Tom.
I couldn't help but agree.
I asked Tom what happened.
I asked Tom for some help.
I appreciate it very much.
I agree with you entirely.
Donations are appreciated.
Clearly, the answer is no.
Can we afford to buy that?
We needed to act quickly.
We didn't get an apology.
Was it acceptable to you?
Tom, I disagree with you.
Tom was arrested in 2013.
Tom looks somewhat upset.
Tom looks somewhat angry.
Tom is an amazing person.
Tom is an amazing father.
Tom has my email address.
Tom has agreed to attend.
Tom had a brilliant idea.
Tom didn't enjoy his job.
Tom didn't argue with me.
Tom did an amazing thing.
Tom couldn't answer Mary.
This is an amazing offer.
There's no simple answer.
That's no longer allowed.
Please ask them to leave.
Pets aren't allowed here.
Other than that, I agree.
Nobody asked me to dance.
No one has been arrested.
Maybe Tom will adopt you.
Maybe Tom has the answer.
Mary is an amazing woman.
Let's not argue about it.
It simply doesn't add up.
It didn't just affect me.
I've arranged everything.
I'm not an actor anymore.
I wouldn't agree to that.
I would tend to disagree.
I won't argue that point.
I guess I have no choice.
I felt incredibly stupid.
I disagree with you, Tom.
I didn't agree with that.
I assume Tom was kidding.
I agree with you totally.
How will this affect you?
How does this affect you?
How can this be achieved?
Can we afford to do that?
Ask Tom how he's feeling.
Anyway, I agree with Tom.
You need an appointment.
You may need assistance.
You asked for my advice.
Would Tom agree to this?
Why wasn't Tom arrested?
Why did they arrest Tom?
Who else agrees with me?
What was Tom accused of?
What sort of man is Tom?
What else would you add?
We were ready to attack.
We knew that in advance.
We hope to achieve that.
We have to analyze that.
Tom won't agree to that.
Tom was asking for help.
Tom was allowed to stay.
Tom shouldn't have lied.
Tom loves to annoy Mary.
Tom is fun to work with.
Tom is an amazing skier.
Tom is an amazing actor.
Tom has to approve this.
Tom doesn't like onions.
Tom asked Mary to lunch.
Tom agreed to help Mary.
Tom agreed to come back.
Tom addressed the crowd.
The short answer is yes.
That's a bad assumption.
That could add to costs.
Please ask Tom to leave.
None of this affects us.
Nobody knows the answer.
It's too heavy to carry.
It was an amazing place.
It was an amazing movie.
I'm not allowed to talk.
I'm not advocating that.
I'm amazed I'm not dead.
I totally agree on that.
I have long admired Tom.
I don't know the answer.
I don't agree with them.
I didn't argue with Tom.
I can't afford the fees.
I apologized to my boss.
I admire your restraint.
How will this affect us?
How does this affect me?
How did that affect you?
Everyone seems to agree.
Don't ask me that again.
Ask me again in October.
Arson is a criminal act.
Are you annoyed by this?
You just have to adapt.
Who asked you for help?
What we need is action.
We have achieved a lot.
We don't approve of it.
Was Tom asked to leave?
Tom would surely agree.
Tom will not be amused.
Tom isn't a good actor.
Tom had a quick answer.
Tom did an amazing job.
Tom and Mary were here.
Tom amazes me at times.
Tom agrees that's true.
Tom adjusted his visor.
The short answer is no.
That affected us a lot.
Just give me an answer.
It's too heavy to move.
It's an abuse of power.
It's a big achievement.
It was an amazing trip.
It was an amazing game.
It just doesn't add up.
Is this really allowed?
I've come to apologize.
I'm glad we agree, Tom.
I still adore you guys.
I fully agree with you.
I don't enjoy swimming.
I asked Tom to explain.
I asked Tom about that.
I admire your optimism.
I admire Tom very much.
How often do you shave?
Everyone was screaming.
Do you shave every day?
Do you have the answer?
Do you agree with this?
Who asked you to help?
Tom wants answers now.
Tom looks like a girl.
Tom is easy to please.
Tom is an amazing man.
Tom is a fast swimmer.
Tom can run very fast.
Tom agreed to help us.
Tom accepted the gift.
Three people survived.
This I can agree with.
That's not the answer.
Not all experts agree.
Just ask Tom about it.
It was amazingly easy.
I'll see Tom tomorrow.
I would have to agree.
I wanted to apologize.
I don't approve of it.
I don't agree with it.
I also agree with Tom.
I agree with you, Tom.
I agree with you guys.
I agree with Tom, too.
I agree it's not easy.
I admire what Tom did.
How many of you agree?
Get your act together.
Ask Tom where Mary is.
All three of us agree.
Your plan won't work.
Won't Tom be annoyed?
We're really touched.
We need some answers.
Tom taught me French.
Tom is not religious.
Tom is a voice actor.
Tom is a great actor.
Tom has asked me out.
The trip was amazing.
It's time to act now.
It's now time to act.
It really did happen.
It affects all of us.
Is it an action movie?
I was adopted by Tom.
I now agree with Tom.
I don't enjoy skiing.
I don't enjoy acting.
You're all adorable.
We need to act fast.
Tom wasn't arrested.
Tom agreed to do so.
Tom agreed to do it.
That's pretty brave.
That's a lot to ask.
Only Tom knows that.
Just go and ask Tom.
I really admire you.
I do agree with Tom.
I can't add that up.
Ask Tom to be quiet.
A window was broken.
Tom tried to do it.
Tom led the attack.
Tom has to act now.
Laws are necessary.
It's very exciting.
Has Tom called yet?
Tom wasn't amused.
Tom didn't appear.
Tom came too late.
Tom answered back.
That girl is Mary.
It's just amazing.
I agreed with Tom.
I agree with that.
We demand action.
Pets are allowed.
Ask me if I care.
It's going fine.
Tom is OK now.
I'm very lazy.
He wants to become a singer.
I can't listen to music at night anymore because my headphones broke.
He plays too much pachinko, so his wife is mad at him.
Even though I witnessed the incident, I pretended not to have seen anything.
If a man is nice to me I end up falling for him right away.
Do you have a mental health problem? You're always following me around. You're an adult so be more independent.
Sorry for the dumb question.
The mother fox was worried while she was eagerly waiting for the boy fox's return. When the boy returned she pulled him to her warm chest and was so happy she wanted to cry.
Tom seems cold to me lately.
At that point the mistake will have already been made.
"If you don't listen to what I have to say, Tom, I'll tell everyone your secret!" "Huh? What secret?"
I wonder if Tom is trying to kill me.
If you want to, let's all go together.
I'm trying to wrap my head around it.
I'm racking my brain to remember.
I will look it up on Google.
The same thing applies to me.
It was a very rewarding experience.
I'm contemplating this option.
Add that to my bill.
Do you like copyrights as much as I do?
This song is very touching.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center has issued a tsunami warning after an 8.magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chile.
Write to me.
Tom stuck out like a sore thumb.
Eat while it's warm.
Give me a goodbye kiss.
We'll share our food with them.
I like to eat Greek food.
I like Russian food.
Whose lunch box is this?
Moringa leaves have a lot of health benefits.
They eat raw meat.
They eat healthy foods.
I want to learn karate.
You should know it in order to protect yourself.
I don't know any martial arts.
Today's my grandmother's birthday.
Today's Tom's birthday.
Do you know any martial arts to be traveling like this?
Soccer is one of my little brother's hobbies.
Did you do it by yourselves?
He read to his three sons.
In the eyes of the Creator, all are equal.
I will be glad to come.
The revolution will be useless without pictures.
He's a screenwriter.
She often changes her mind.
The negotiations failed.
We shouldn't make jokes at other people's expense.
That is one of my best time in my life.
When did you come to China?
When did you learn how to swim?
Did you dye your hair?
Does Tom dye his hair?
Tom has dyed his hair black.
Tom helped Mary dye her hair.
Why do people dye their hair?
I'm going to have to dye my hair.
Tom recently dyed his hair red.
What color did Tom dye his hair?
Tom often wears tie-dyed T-shirts.
Tom has shoulder-length hair dyed red.
When was the last time you dyed your hair?
Tom dyed his hair the same color as Mary's.
Tom tried to convince Mary to dye her hair red.
A dye was injected into a vein of the patient's arm.
Tom says he might dye his goatee red and green for Christmas.
Tom always checks to verify that no dyes are in any food he buys.
Tom shaved off his beard and dyed his hair blonde, hoping people wouldn't recognize him.
Why don't you take your temperature?
May I come again?
Did you put on sunscreen?
Have you put on sunscreen?
Do you have plans for tomorrow night?
I'm sorry I'm so stupid.
The water heater runs on gas.
The cat settled down in the sunlight by the window.
Spread it on slices of toast and sprinkle some pine nuts on top.
I need your passport and three photographs of you.
I'm sure this is just a misunderstanding.
Turkey has the world's largest refugee population.
You forgot to tell Tom where to meet us, didn't you?
Tom hit a deer on the highway.
Please stop stealing things from me.
He who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas.
I'd like a shot of tequila.
What's the average lifespan of a butterfly?
How long do butterflies live?
How long does a butterfly live?
What is a chord progression?
So far I've written five songs.
Welsh is a very difficult language for me.
The gallbladder is found adjacent to the liver.
The gallbladder produces bile.
The human voice is produced by the larynx.
Did you go to the market yesterday?
I went to the river.
This guy cut Tom off, and Tom gave him the finger.
Mary's realisation that she was gay plunged her into a reactive depression.
The balustrade gave way and several people fell to the ground.
Men are like bears - the uglier they are, the more attractive they are.
Do you still remember the scenes of that war?
He and I have been friends since childhood.
Get out of my room, Tom!
Get out of my room! Get out now!
This is getting a little silly, now.
Why are you standing there?
How long have you been standing there spying on us?
Mary settled Tom into bed and read him a bedtime story.
Am I that transparent?
I think you know exactly what I'm talking about.
I need to check on the cake.
Let's go somewhere quiet so we can talk.
Volkswagen could face up to $billions in fines.
Volkswagen's diesel cars emit as much as times more pollutants as they are allowed under the Clean Air Act rules.
Volkswagen used illegal software that detects when the car is undergoing official emissions testing.
Today I had soup for dinner.
She has baked a cake for lunch.
The world is a big place.
Ken wants to get better at his English.
Tom wants to get better at French.
Tom has baked a pie for dessert.
Perhaps it can be repaired.
Your substitute has already been picked out.
It was crazy of him to try swimming in that freezing water.
You want to learn Japanese, so I suggest you visit Japan.
It's usually easy for Norwegians to get what Swedes are saying.
It's usually easy for Norwegians to understand what Swedes are saying.
The primary object of an efficient police is the prevention of crime: the next that of detection and punishment of offenders if crime is committed. To these ends all the efforts of police must be directed. The protection of life and property, the preservation of public tranquillity, and the absence of crime, will alone prove whether those efforts have been successful and whether the objects for which the police were appointed have been attained.
Many people believe that our country's politicians are corrupt.
I hid it in my sock drawer.
I hid it under the mattress.
Tom hitchhiked across the country.
Tom read a self-help book.
Human beings are social creatures.
My favorite children's book is The Wind in the Willows.
How old is the oldest person you know?
We accept all major credit and debit cards.
How much money do you have in your pockets right now?
Tom, you're a liar.
Who's the oldest person you know?
A baby rabbit had been caught in a trap.
Who's the smartest person you know?
Who do you think is the smartest kid in your class?
That's not exactly what I said.
I hate the sound of my voice.
Tom hates the sound of his own voice.
Dark matter cannot be seen directly.
We don't know what dark matter is made of.
It's the oldest trick in the book.
This old trick still works.
You better tell me the truth.
Everybody is against me.
Everyone is against me.
You were just acting?
Will you be much longer?
If you have any questions, you know you can call me.
I'm busy, so I can't help.
Super Mario Bros. was released thirty years ago.
I saw her hide something.
I saw Tom hide something.
The cow moos.
The moose bugles.
You can stay at my house.
The rooster crows.
I can't imagine that being true!
How I miss you!
The duck quacks.
Those who know and can, do. Those who know, but can't, teach. Those who neither know nor can, lead.
What's stopping you from doing a study?
What's stopping you from doing research?
Then what does it mean?
What are they drinking?
Suddenly I understood what they had done.
I'm not interested in what you think.
The wolf howls.
Is he feeling better today?
Stretch out your arms.
The blackbird whistles.
I rarely go to the mall, but I went yesterday.
The frog croaks.
I am firmly opposed to this.
I personally don't have anything against it.
Nobody will be able to stop Dan from adding sentences.
My parents forbid me from seeing Tom again.
The bat screeches.
Do what you want, but I'll stop it, if I can.
One thing's for sure: nobody can stop me!
The pidgeon coos.
The heavy rain prevented me from going.
The typhoon prevented us from returning to Tokyo.
The fog prevented him from seeing very far ahead.
He couldn't see very far because of the fog.
Nobody can stop me from talking to Marika.
The cat meows.
He always bowed when he greeted someone.
She always bowed when she greeted someone.
He greeted that lady.
I want to greet him, too.
I'll come see you.
They greeted us cordially.
Sad!
That is a dog.
The email is not registered, or the password does not match.
I get paid tomorrow.
Tomorrow's payday.
Tomorrow is when I get paid.
I'm sleepy, and I'll sleep a little more.
I'm sorry I'm dressed like this.
I'd like to hug you naked.
I arrived just when he was leaving.
They only wanted to ask me a few questions.
It's been a long time since my girlfriend left.
That costs 1.euros per kilogram.
Days are longer than nights.
Do you know when they'll arrive?
Were you home yesterday?
Does Coca-Cola have caffeine in it?
The mouse squeaks.
The snake hisses.
Maybe it can be fixed.
Your successor has already been chosen.
Mariah's father was an African-Venezuelan.
Good, as always.
Violence must be eradicated.
He's closing everything.
She's closing everything.
The heat's preventing me from sleeping.
The bad weather's preventing me from leaving.
You should have come see us!
Come say "hi" to me!
Don't listen to this man.
But isn't he above the law?
The priest went into the confessional blindfolded. He didn't want to see the sinner; he wanted to guide him for his repentance.
I failed the test because I didn't study.
The turkey gobbles.
The hyena laughs.
The fly buzzes.
The jackal howls.
The goose honks.
The chick peeps.
The sheep bleats.
The civilization of planet Arratellia is superior to Earth's.
I accept your conditions.
I have a plastic cup.
The countess agrees with all these conditions.
It was a great pleasure!
Jupiter has four inner satellies: Metis, Adrastea, Amalthea, and Thebe. Their orbits are very close to the planet.
How was I dressed then? Do you remember?
Waiter, the rice is undercooked and has no salt.
Madrileños are crazy.
I found it there.
You hid under the table.
I picked up a coin.
An autopsy will be done in the next few days.
She lifted her arms.
Let's put it like that!
The hunter shoots deer and hares.
He timed him during the marathon.
Progress is a lovely word. But its driving force is change, and change has its enemies.
God protect me from my friends – I can take care of my enemies myself.
We know you're the one who broke the window.
I am strongly opposed to a compromise.
Nobody is truly free, because there are people who are slaves of their independence.
That which is no longer visible is easily forgotten.
Have these cakes.
In the same way?
How many soldiers fought?
He made Tom lose hope.
A man who is poor, but independent of other people, is only dominated by his needs. A man who is rich, but dependent, is subordinate to another person, or to several.
It's impolite to point.
Attention doesn't hurt.
I've been working in the same company for ten years.
Some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else.
The swimming pool is closed due to the storm.
Your sudden appearance surprised me.
Whether you get married or stay a bachelor, you'll regret it either way.
Whether you get married or not, you'll regret it either way.
As for me, I don't have any comments.
What did he reply to them?
Click on "log in" at the top-right corner of the screen.
I'm not setting them any traps.
He loves her hair, her smile, her eyes? Man, he's a good liar.
I think she works in this office.
Many languages are spoken in Lapland.
She made a deal with the devil.
There was one option left.
Tom slammed his door really hard.
Tom has a prosthetic leg.
Mary has a prosthetic arm.
This spider is incredibly aggressive.
This spider is pretty aggressive.
He almost pooped his pants when he saw that spider.
Keep that spider away from me.
He put the spider in a terrarium.
This spider is very common in Southern Africa.
This spider occurs in many parts of North Africa.
This is one of the most venomous spiders in the world.
This spider rarely bites humans.
This spider has very large fangs.
The bite of this spider causes intense pain.
This spider can have a leg span of up inches.
Don't talk while you're eating.
Don't talk while you have food in your mouth.
Seems we've got a rebel in our midst, eh?
You took the words right out of my mouth, pal.
Tom was accused of practicing law without a license.
Tom was accused of practicing medicine without a license.
Mary is a nail technician.
Once upon a time there was a king who had a beautiful daughter.
Once upon a time, there was a king who had three beautiful daughters.
Once upon a time there lived a king and queen who had three very beautiful daughters.
There was once upon a time a king who had twelve daughters.
Once upon a time there was a miller who was poor, but he had a beautiful daughter.
Once upon a time there lived an emperor who was a great conqueror, and reigned over more countries than anyone in the world.
What secret grief is troubling you?
She chose the most spirited horse in the stable.
She chose the most spirited horse in the stable, with eyes of flame, and a coat of shining silver.
Her silver armour and her steed dazzled the eyes of the people as she darted past.
For your sake, father, I would cut the devil himself into small bits, or even become a devil myself.
If the wolf had made the girl quake with terror, it seemed like a lamb beside this dreadful lion.
Waving her sword, she rushed so violently on the lion that he had barely time to spring on one side, so as to avoid the blow.
Warriors only rest when they have won the victory. You have still another battle to fight, and it is the hardest of all.
The old woman had suspected from the very first that the boy who had come to the rescue of her son was a girl in disguise.
The princess was fond of cooking.
This man is no uncle of ours, but an ogre.
Virgilius was fond of books, and pored over them all day long.
His mother welcomed him back with tears in her eyes.
Virgilius went to court, and demanded justice from the emperor against the men who had robbed him.
Tom is an informant for the FBI.
Tom went to prison for selling drugs.
Mary hid the money in her bra.
The doctor Sinuhe travelled across Egypt and the Mediterranean region trepanning skulls and drinking wine.
Hair and nous don't fit in one head.
Tom is a lobbyist.
Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans ten years ago.
These social workers hand out free syringes to drug users.
I have no intention of getting married.
You can save energy by turning off the lights when you leave a room.
I ate a tuna salad.
I took a shower and then went to bed.
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever.
Overfishing is a major problem.
There's plenty of food in the pantry.
I don't think they're going to hear us.
I don't think he's going to hear us.
I don't think she's going to hear us.
We must protect the rainforest.
Do you have any idea who could be behind this?
Beavers can cut down trees with their teeth.
Beavers must always wear down their teeth by chewing on trees.
Mary makes more money than her husband.
Tom complained that his wife was spending too much money.
Maybe I went a little too far.
We had a heated discussion.
Tom's house was destroyed by the hurricane.
Tom's neighborhood was flooded after the storm.
The elephant trumpets.
The crow caws.
Tom has a pet squirrel.
Mary found an orphaned baby squirrel.
The owl hoots.
Mary has multicolored fingernails.
The swan cries.
Mary knitted a pair of multicolored socks.
The horse snorts.
The horse neighs.
The grasshopper chirps.
The cricket chirps.
Tom is now the star of a reality show.
Did he tell you why he did it?
Did she tell you why she did it?
The poor man is independent of other people, and only has to answer to his needs. The rich man is independent of his needs, but has to answer to other people.
I couldn't go because of the heavy rain.
Tomorrow we expect variable weather with a likely chance of precipitation.
It was like a fairytale.
Unfortunately, I don't share your opinion.
Unfortunately, I don't share your views.
When I went on vacation to Spain, I went to a museum to see an exhibition of old farming equipment.
Tom is a smart aleck with Mary.
I'm gonna beat the shit out of you.
I'll get you at the school exit.
Tom makes a shit-ton of dough.
Thank you for agreeing to this interview.
It's better to be alone than with some dumbass by your side.
Try not to use too many filler words.
They will begin distributing free syringes and needles to drug users.
Let there be peace in the world.
I'm always living in the world of dreams.
That does not augur well for the rest of our dialogue.
I strongly believe that human imagination is limitless.
He's the cause of all this.
Have pity on me!
She speaks Interlingua fluently.
He's read a lot of books.
"This is very amusing," thought the devil.
The stars covered the sky.
The fruits belong to all of you, but the earth belongs to no one.
It would have been better not to say it.
She predicted the book would be very successful.
Prove you're brave.
Show me you're brave.
Piet really is a walking dictionary.
Deal with a man as he deals with you.
Her belongings were undisturbed.
Dad came home a few minutes ago.
I can often hear pigeons cooing outside my bedroom window.
I could hear an owl hooting in the distance.
Since there are rice paddies near my house, I often hear frogs croaking all night long this time of year.
We could hear wolves howling in the distance.
She must be a swindler.
You've never slept with a woman?
I'm gonna fuck Tom up.
I've just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet.
I'll get you out of this horrible situation.
I'll get you out of this awful situation.
Discipline is the most important part of success.
For him, the arctic climate of Arkhangelsk was hell on earth, but for her, who had grown up in this region, Arkhangelsk was heaven on earth.
Arkhangelsk is the farthest of the farthest places you can imagine.
She wanted him to live with her in Arkhangelsk.
An African in Arkhangelsk... can you imagine that?
He was smitten with your mother.
She wanted to keep him in Arkhangelsk at all costs.
She wanted to settle down with him in Arkhangelsk.
Since I'm unemployed, I can't save up anything.
They created the unemployment.
Besides that, unemployment is increasing.
About babies are born every day and about people die every day.
Four babies are born every second around the world.
This proves everything!
Volkswagen shares fell by more than 20%.
This drug company raised the price of a tablet from $13.to $overnight.
How do computers work?
Nothing seemed to work.
He barely spoke to me.
She ran to her room, crying.
"My sister is in love with you." "What?"
My brother is in love with you.
I feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back.
That's what my mom said.
I should've gotten that promotion.
I gave him detailed instructions.
I gave Tom detailed instructions.
I gave Tom detailed instructions on how to do that.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly.
What a large town!
That was the beginning of everything.
You lack attitude.
The heat is on.
You know what I hate? I hate spiders.
You've got a lot to learn about being nice.
That's my favorite excuse.
He's playing a cha cha cha rhythm on the drum kit.
Do you think you can dance the mambo?
They said they were dissatisfied with their low wages.
Dan didn't even feel ashamed.
What's the chord progression?
Could you write down the chord progression for this song?
He fucked up.
I've had enough of Tom and Mary.
We've had enough of that.
It sounds to me like you've had enough of Tom.
I've had enough of your snide remarks.
I've had enough of your excuses.
I'm going home. I've had enough of Tom.
I'm going back to Boston. I've had enough of Chicago.
Tom said he's had enough of that.
I've had enough of your shenanigans.
I've had enough of your lying.
Haven't we had enough of that nonsense already?
There's a garden in front of our house.
We have a garden in front of our house.
We have some rose bushes in front of our house.
We have three trees in our backyard.
Today, I will dine with you.
The fireworks went off exactly at midnight.
I translate from Russian into Kazakh.
I love to watch movies of apocalypses as they happen!
The picture I drew depicts a face with wavy lips.
He was playing with his sausage disgustingly.
In the film about the world coming to an end, death was certain within twelve hours.
Even those in hospitals won't be saved from the coming meteor-caused firestorm!
In a post-apocalyptic scenario, aliens have discovered Earth and made a museum of the humans that were wiped out by a cosmic collision with an asteroid to the planet.
OMG, the volcanic eruption was HUGE!
They simply need a whipping boy.
I believe in many different spooky things.
They simply need to find a scapegoat.
They simply need a scapegoat.
His friends said he didn't like going out in public.
The movie's ending was quite the scene!
Nobody told me what he wrote in that letter.
The finale was so good, that I rewatched it many times.
The shock wave came and obliterated everything and everyone.
Listening to a Portuguese conversation is an unreal experience. A completely opaque string of phonemes, occasionally punctuated by a crystal-clear "Sim, senhor."
How I hate him!
God, please send us the sun!
Call 1-800-828-for a free brochure.
Call 1-TATOEBA now for a free sentence.
I'll go there by plane.
I'm going in the museum.
You are interrupting the lesson.
Tom has a very large ego.
It soon became clear that things would take a dangerous turn.
Students may not enter the faculty lounge.
The pantry is empty.
Would you like to hear me sing a song?
Let me sing a song for you.
I'd like to sing a song for you that I just wrote.
We sang songs around the campfire.
I often sing in the shower.
I'll be singing a song at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I've been asked to sing a couple of songs.
We won the contest.
He said no one could help him.
You arrived there before they did.
She is like a beautiful dream.
She's German, so she must be lying!
We don't have any eggs left either.
You're not paying attention!
It's hard to steal from a thief.
Mormons hate coffee and tea.
Tom wants us to hang the TV on the wall.
This song reminds me of someone.
The Internet is now something we can't live without.
How many women would you like to marry?
The cellphone is an invention we can't live without.
She is one person I can't live without.
This song reminds me of someone I used to know.
The brain has a complex structure.
What do you intend to do with the money?
What do you plan on doing with the money?
I like how it sounds.
I like the way it sounds.
I want to write a lot of sentences.
I speak a little Polish, just enough to make myself understood.
Such is life!
I love egg yolks.
Marie doesn't remember having turned the light off.
She wants to keep everything for herself.
The seneschal gets his packets of dried hashish stems at those dear Serge and Sacha's place.
All people are equal.
Marie accepted the gifts.
This TV show is about penguins.
How do I tell my parents that I’m pregnant?
A swarm of wasps attacked the children.
Bumblebees are furry.
Have pity on us!
I didn't hear any sounds.
We will watch.
It was time he did it!
I often get things wrong.
I often fuck things up.
It's not as bad as I thought it would be.
That's a pretty sad-looking capital city.
I don't know what it sounds like.
It sounds very beautiful.
I love the sound of it.
That is such a lovely sound.
Measureless fear makes always to act clumsily.
Both of my parents are musicians.
Here comes a speeding car, let's cross!
My boyfriend still hasn't met my parents.
My parents still haven't met my girlfriend.
The medicine used proved very effective.
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.
No matter what Tom wears, he looks cool.
Tom looks cool no matter what he wears.
I think I'll sleep well tonight.
I have the feeling that I'll sleep well tonight.
I love you and I always will.
We will all die.
If you can come tomorrow, please do.
He is able to fly.
The radio was plugged in.
If he had told me, I wouldn't have done it.
You shouldn't demean people who aren't as smart as you are. Remember: no matter how smart you may be, there will always be someone even smarter.
All this is, of course, highly suspicious.
I know more than words.
The number of words I know is amazing.
If you had told me that before we started, we wouldn't be in this mess right now.
People care more about animals that are big and have a name.
I waited for an hour and a half.
Her recently-released short story collection thrills enthusiasts of postmodern works in Esperanto.
The woman trying to speak to this boy is a teacher.
The Beurs March broke out after several episodes of racism and violence.
It is better to die honorably than to live in disgrace.
Where does the stress fall in the word?
Her brother has been missing for a while now.
Yes, she was a shy girl.
This station plays good music.
The couple has a business of selling greeting cards.
Where is the bread?
She didn't like being poor.
It's true that you're wrong.
Tom is determined to do something.
They're joking.
I never win any arguments.
We've got a very stressful day ahead of us.
He held me while I cried.
We've got a very busy day ahead of us.
We've got a very long journey ahead of us.
It's as American as apple pie.
Who writes the fortunes that are inside fortune cookies?
Many Japanese-Americans were sent off to concentration camps during World War II.
Watch out. There are rattlesnakes and scorpions.
Joe Biden is the vice-president of the United States.
We could pretend like this never happened.
I'll never see Tom ever again.
God doesn't make mistakes.
God is perfect.
Ikea instructions are not always perfect.
Mary is sucking on a candy.
Kids like ice cream.
That dog is super enormous.
This dog is bigger.
Today is my little brother's twenty-second birthday.
The girl is pulling her mom's hair.
No matter when you meet him, he is always chewing gum.
Every time I see Tom, he's chewing gum.
I'm sicker than I thought I was.
Oops! My finger slipped!
He might fail in his new project unless he is industrious.
Tom, who are you going to spend Christmas with?
A man of industry will succeed in life.
Working hard made Jack what he is.
The workers are complaining about their working conditions.
I was too small.
Less fiction is being read than used to be the case.
I was too short to reach the top shelf, so I asked Tom to get the book for me.
Mother is going to town.
Is Mother going to the store?
She is buying food.
The man eats beans.
The man is eating beans.
My father-in-law is sitting.
The good doctor sees an old woman.
My granddaughter is listening to my wife.
The black cat runs fast.
The black cat is running fast.
The big white dog looks at that cat.
Some people prefer conformity, while others seek novelty.
Maria hid her face in her hands.
Maria covered her face with her hands.
We are sick of the tired old jokes the teacher keeps making.
What do you think about Tatoeba?
Can usernames be changed?
Do you know where Holly is?
He is looking at the photo of his friend.
He is looking at a photo of his friend.
I would do it if I could.
I do know this is my own fault.
Imagine that you started to hiccup and couldn't stop.
You always wear a loud necktie.
My friends pushed me to write a memoir.
I'm sorry!
Is there water there?
It can't be kept secret forever.
His thirst is fierce.
Who broke the bottle?
Today, I'm in a bad mood.
According to custom, the bride should be compliant.
He was in a bad mood because his girlfriend had just thrown him out.
Such questioning is routine police business.
There is a big difference in being able to speak a language well, and being able to speak a language fluently.
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.
World population has rapidly increased.
I want to reduce the time it takes to deal with the paperwork.
Yamada isn't popular with girls in his own grade, but he's popular with the younger girls at school.
We're closed today.
Gotcha.
I will not tolerate this.
I don't know where he is!
I have no car.
Tom plays chess better than me.
If I were in your shoes, I would help him.
Who is your father?
Choose the right word!
The thieves divided their booty.
The thieves split up their loot.
One day, they're going to take away your driver's license.
The leaves are slowly falling.
The leaves are falling slowly.
Facebook suspended one of my six accounts.
He said that he was very poor when he was young.
This is capital. May it grow!
Your customs declaration, please.
That game was rigged.
I'm a total loser.
I don't want to give up right now.
She came back disappointed.
I saw his car veering to the right.
Yesterday Betty went to the sea.
Let's ask her.
I'd like to renovate the house.
The scholarship gave me a chance to continue my studies.
The scholarship made it possible for me to continue my studies.
His demands are reasonable.
I'm almost sure that my cat ate my hamster.
Eyes front, please.
Tom's trip turned into a nightmare when his passport and credit cards were stolen.
I want to go to the movies.
It's the result of a bunch of arbitrary designs decisions made by one guy.
The results of the experiment were mixed. Some participants reacted positively, but others offered severe criticism.
I'm going to suspend my judgment until the movie is over.
How does tomorrow evening sound to you, say at nine?
There's got to be a better way of doing this.
There must be a better way of doing this.
Yesterday it rained the entire afternoon.
I saw many patients at the hospital, some of whom were badly injured.
The border crossing was crowded with people, many of whom were refugees.
The archaeologists discovered over a hundred graves, a few of which belonged to infants.
Mary has a ton of old dresses to give away, about ten of which have never been worn.
He came up with many ideas, none of which were good.
We came up with a lot of ideas, but none of them were very good.
Tom made a lot of suggestions, but none of them were very good.
Faster, Tom.
I tell you, this can't end well.
The most lopsided Grand Slam final in tennis history was the French Open final, when Steffi Graf of FRG pummeled Natasha Zvereva of USSR 6-0, 6-0. The entire match lasted merely minutes.
Don't play the ape!
I am going to exercise on the treadmill.
Tom was afraid that no one would show up for the party.
Many people showed up for the party.
Tom is convinced that he's undatable.
She didn't write me back.
He didn't write me back.
Dating can be very stressful.
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
Is it that obvious that I have feelings for him?
I'm not into Asian guys.
Mary is not attracted to Asian men.
He's very cute and he's really smart.
Have you tried online dating?
Life doesn't always work out the way you want it to.
Tinder is a popular online dating application.
Many people on Tinder are just looking for a short-term relationship.
I already said yes.
I already said no.
It's hard to talk about your feelings.
Tom didn't know how to tell Mary the truth.
Mary didn't know how to tell her mom the truth.
Things don't always turn out the way we plan.
I read my horoscope every day.
Only when the poor enter the halls of the rich, do the rich notice that the poor exist.
Tatoeba Day is now over.
Tatoeba Day starts now!
I can't permit this.
Is there a metro station here?
You can take a taxi.
My brain is fried.
He committed a gaffe when he asked whether she was pregnant.
I like flowers.
ׁWe're measuring the depth of the river.
If only that lamp weren't shining in my eye.
Neither happiness nor misery last forever.
I slept barely two or three hours.
It's the same here.
The same applies here.
You did not make the holes deeper.
She's my chief assistant.
Lifeguards are very brave.
I'd so love to visit that apartment he always keeps telling me about.
Mary wants to buy books.
Instead of fresh cream, you can use ricotta or mascarpone.
I need to calm down and snap out of it.
Are you looking at a crown?
I like that chick.
You lit candles in your room.
Who would even think of doing such a thing?
I don't know how you can believe such nonsense.
If I had my way, you would all be fired.
If I had had my way, we wouldn't be in this mess right now.
We want to climb that mountain.
We have to take measures.
What do you do after dinner?
They organized a traditional bread fair.
She knows how to make more than a hundred types of bread.
Thomas asked his parents to buy him a faster computer.
This dish is eaten without bread.
They don't eat bread in this region.
We don't need bread to eat this dish.
Here they eat everything with bread.
Thomas rides a fixed-gear bicycle.
These are our enemies.
They think they can manipulate us.
They can spend the whole night talking about cars.
I don't like talking about football.
If it's me you're talking to, it would be better if you changed the subject.
We don't have any bread left.
He's the enemy. Don't you understand?
We'll topple this dictatorship.
I won't let myself be manipulated by him.
Soon, I'll tell you some good news.
I came back from a long trip.
We must think of our children and grand-children.
We study English every day at school.
Lincoln greeted his former political rival.
We don't sell generics in this pharmacy.
Why did you stay home yesterday?
In 1998, Dan Brown released "Digital Fortress". Five years later he completed another best seller, "The Da Vinci Code".
He was hospitalized for over a month before dying.
I'm not a big fan of these sorts of things.
This is literally and figuratively out of this world.
The French chose the South for this summer.
She didn't know she had married a monster.
Why was my father so mean?
These are the most painful memories I have of my childhood.
Do you want to go to the station with me?
He has absolutely no enemies.
Is the movie theater near the station?
Make sure you're there by 2:30.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Julia finally found a shoe she likes.
I think I've learned almost sixty new German words today.
How many Spanish words did you learn yesterday?
It's all downhill from here.
The hardest part is over now.
It's only going to get worse now.
What kind of plans do you have for the weekend?
Earthworms are a gardener's best friends.
The earthworm is a gardener's best friend.
Given the right conditions, compost worms can reproduce at a phenomenal rate.
Fish can be dry and tasteless if it's overcooked.
Overcooked fish can be dry and tasteless.
From here, it's about three kilometers to the coast.
It's about three kilometers from here to the coast.
Do you have a point card?
I have no idea what Tom wants to do in life, supposing he wants to do something.
The boss doesn't know it yet.
Could you prepare the salad?
When will the number bus arrive?
Every year, I bring my family to the capital.
The man behind them plays the piano.
Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations.
A free press is essential for democracy.
I acted like I didn't know her.
I acted like I didn't know him.
He acted like he didn't know me.
She acted like she didn't know me.
Tom is a pastry chef.
I woke up in the middle of the night and saw a strange, scary shape on my bed.
Birds drink water.
There's nothing physically wrong with him.
There's nothing physically wrong with her.
She had no idea what I was talking about.
Tom had no idea what I was talking about.
How did Tom find out about that?
How did she find out about that?
The audience shouted "Bravo!" for at least a full minute.
It's a shame to be Russian.
Tom acted like he didn't know me.
Tom has a wiry, athletic physique.
Tom's a big, fat slob.
I want to thank you all for a job well done.
Maria Sharapova is the third most successful active women's tennis player, behind the Williams sisters.
In tennis jargon, winning a set 6-is called a bagel. Winning two sets at love is called a double bagel. Winning three sets at love, only possible in a best-of-five match, is, unsurprisingly, referred to as a triple bagel. Triple bagels are extremely rare in professional tennis.
She is forty years old.
If you're going to talk the talk, you've got to be prepared to walk the walk.
There is no shame in saying 'I don't know'.
You've got some balls coming here like this.
It's just a cover.
We need to find out where he's hiding.
We need to find out where Tom is hiding.
Do you have any idea where Tom might be hiding?
Tom hid under his bed, but his mother found him.
Tom hid the stolen guitar under his bed.
Tom couldn't hide his excitement.
Tom couldn't hide his frustration.
There's only one place Tom is likely to hide.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere that Tom can't find them.
We couldn't hide our tracks.
We have nowhere to hide.
I'm not a robot.
Tom's wife's name is Mary and his son's name is John.
I prepared a weak solution of sugar.
The forest is teeming with life.
I never want to have kids.
What an idiot you are!
Nefertiti was famed for her beauty.
Cleopatra was famed for her beauty.
And then something unexpected occurred.
It must have been an accident.
Tom was bitten by a venomous snake.
I now have a more complete understanding of the situation.
Mary had obviously been crying.
I mistook her for her sister.
It's not a beauty contest.
Nothing can justify deception and manipulation.
You're new, aren't you?
Tom knows everyone who's anyone.
Tom wrapped his jacket around my shoulders.
Tom wrapped his jacket around Mary's shoulders.
I watched the sun rise over the city.
Tatoeba is not a social network.
I think Tom still hasn't left.
You won't disobey me.
Have you called me?
They drink a lot.
They're building a new plaza.
I don't know at all.
I don't understand at all.
I don't have any money at all.
He can't add sentences.
Do we need anything else?
Are we missing anything else?
I kept my promise to him.
What is the German for 'telephone'?
What are you calling me for? I'm just about to enter the match.
What are you calling me for? I'm just about to enter the competition.
Mom doesn't like to exercise.
Everyone loves sports.
Tom doesn't like to exercise.
Don't celebrate too soon!
Run faster, otherwise you will miss the train.
It looks like it's working again.
That guy drives me crazy.
I have a boss who is much younger than me.
The Van Horns are rich.
I want to eat something delicious.
Why are you so good at cooking?
Which do you like better, spring or fall?
When should I come to pick you up tomorrow?
How long should I microwave this?
I wonder why the bus hasn't come.
I'm glad you're over your cold.
I'm glad you've gotten over your cold.
I wish winter vacation would never end.
I don't want to go back to school. I wish summer vacation would never end.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were brother and sister.
I'm having a date with a girl named Mary.
It got cold after sunset.
Next Friday, I'm going on a date with a girl named Mary.
Tom is braver than I am.
I think she has a drinking problem.
There's nothing romantic between us.
There's absolutely nothing romantic between us.
There is nothing romantic between Tom and me.
I'm not good at lying.
We're just friends. Nothing more.
Can I open my eyes?
Tom told a few jokes to warm up the audience.
Tom wrapped his arm around me.
Do you have a girlfriend back home?
Do you have a boyfriend back home?
Come on, what's her name?
Come on, what's his name?
This was your idea, wasn't it?
Tom rarely talks about himself.
Mary is from Maryland.
I didn't want to miss the party.
I don't want to miss the party.
Tom gave in.
I won't go down without a fight.
My brother can drive.
I see you as a great writer.
I think it would be better if you left.
Vampires are allergic to sunlight.
Her feet dangled in the water.
She dangled her feet in the water.
Tom rolled up his pants and dipped his toes in the water.
Tom took off his shoes and socks and rolled up his pant legs.
Tom rolled up his pant legs so they wouldn't get wet.
Tom rolled up his pant legs so people could see his bright red socks.
The level of water in the river has risen.
Mary hiked her skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped her toes in the water.
The river has risen.
I swear, I can't remember the words to my own songs.
I can't remember how the second verse starts.
Well, what are you singing?
Tell me again that you love me.
We gotta lose the heat, step on it!
You are, then, a strange person.
What a weirdo.
What a weird guy.
I was unpleasantly surprised to find that Tom was, in fact, a raving lunatic.
I hear Antarctica's pretty this time of year.
In the cultures of certain peoples, a marked feeling of superiority has developed, so much so that it makes them capable of completely dehumanizing other peoples, to the point that that any kind of torture, rape, or mass murder seems acceptable to them.
This girl is driving me crazy.
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.
A boss can never become a true friend.
I've never thought of my boss as a friend.
The boss doesn't come to the office every day.
We do our duty.
Esperanto is one of the most melodic languages in the world.
He adapted to his environment.
Learn to help others.
Never cackle till your egg is laid.
Never cast dirt into that fountain of which you have sometime drunk.
Never do things by halves.
Never fry a fish till it's caught.
Never offer to teach fish to swim.
Nightingales will not sing in a cage.
No flying from fate.
Oaks may fall when reeds stand the storm.
Old friends and old wine are best.
One beats the bush, and another catches the bird.
No sweet without some sweat.
Do you have enough money to buy everything you need?
Did Tom die in that accident?
Tom almost died in that accident.
Where did you go last weekend?
I almost had enough money to buy everything I needed.
Please call an ambulance.
That was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
We weren't the ones who did that.
Are you Choctaw?
I am Choctaw.
I am not Irish.
I wash my hands before a meal.
The Statue of Liberty is found in New York.
Does he want to see it?
He comes by bus.
The book is only available in German.
My parents are Spanish.
The book is also available in Portuguese.
We have an interesting book in German.
She is not in the kitchen, nor is she in the living room.
Be as quick as possible.
Mary cannot swim.
She was the last person I expected to see there.
That's what I asked.
Better to give in.
Boston has a subway.
He had a fixed idea in his head.
I didn't know that he was there as well.
"She hates it?" "Yes." "I hate it, too."
He's proud that he got his education in the United States.
He's proud that he got his education in the States.
He's proud that he got his education in the U.S.
My watch broke.
Mary couldn't do it, but Tom could.
She lost a lot of weight.
I was hoping I wouldn't cry today, but I did.
What do you suggest I do then?
I tried not to cry today.
I didn't intend to cry today, but I did.
I hadn't planned on crying today.
Tom lost a ton of weight.
Have you ever compared the assertions of official propaganda to reality?
"Man, what a loser," she thought.
I fought.
Tom will not be here until half past two.
Conversation between two people presupposes four attentive ears.
I tiptoed to avoid waking the baby.
I can't find any flaw in his theory at all.
I really cannot find any error in his theory.
She told me that she has something more urgent to do.
Wake Mary up.
There is no need for a comma in this sentence.
I used to play video games, but now I prefer to do more useful things with my time. Like reading internet comments.
Would you like to stay longer?
I am not able to accomplish the mission that I was trusted with.
She isn't what you think.
It isn't what you're thinking.
What in the world is that?
Seeing the police officers, he ran away immediately.
Free Palestine!
That has nothing to do with what you just said.
I'm not arguing with that.
This worker is easy to replace.
Can this gadget replace a human heart?
This is the word which I would like to replace.
A tooth can be replaced with an implant.
Would it be possible to replace a man's tooth with one from an animal?
In your thesis, you could at least replace a few German words with their English equivalents, so that it's not so obvious that it is plagiarised.
It is suspicious.
I want to drink it.
Is it a son or a daughter?
It is too risky.
Anyway, that must have been good.
It's still bright outside.
I see a man.
All is quiet on the western front.
Entrance is free of charge.
You have very straight teeth.
I'm too busy to go there.
I can't go because I am busy.
When are you going to call?
Tom must be winning.
Can you pass me the towel?
She trusts Tom.
She has confidence in Tom.
Do you need a bag?
It's suspicious.
I have many unused cross stitch patterns at home.
He thinks cross stitch is for girls only.
I just bought three new cross stitch kits.
Do I need a special needle to start cross-stitching?
We need a goal in life.
It is Jack's apple.
I give Jack the apple.
We gave her the orange orange.
She will give it to Jack.
He wants to give it to Jack.
You must take the apple.
I need to give it to her.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Procrastination is very democratic. It does not discriminate by platform, genre, or protocol.
No longer pipe, no longer dance.
No joy without alloy.
One link broken, the whole chain is broken.
Tom tried to protect me.
The princess wore a golden dress.
Destroying things is much easier than making them.
I wish school would disappear forever!
I hear we're having a fire drill today.
It may be a trap.
I agree with all my heart.
Tom works as a TV announcer.
I liked this movie.
I want to learn how to play the guitar.
I want to learn guitar.
I want to learn to play the guitar.
Mary is gathering flowers in the forest.
Which ones are Tom's?
Close your eyes again.
Mary decorated the cake.
He pressed his lips against my hand.
I'm not much of a cook.
I'm not much of a drinker.
Mario is a plumber.
He's losing too much blood.
We decided to keep it a secret.
I accidentally saw him naked.
I accidentally saw her naked.
The situation quickly got out of control.
The situation quickly got out of hand.
I remember the first time I heard this song.
I remember the first time I listened to this song.
Studying when you're sleepy is a waste of time.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
I'm very fearful of death. But by fearing it, I'm not preventing it - I'm just making life more difficult for myself.
Pouring bubbly-water into the glass with ice in it made a cold fizzing sound.
Tom licked his plate clean.
Scientists have found water on Mars.
That's only a part of the problem.
Tom's fingers are greasy.
Tom's hands are greasy.
That's only a small part of the problem.
During the day I went to Ikea to return the rug.
I have a favour to ask you.
Can you pull me out of here?
The black dog sees the white cat.
The old man is sitting.
The young girl is singing.
The tall woman is listening to the brown horse.
Do you like noodles with beef?
Injuries are part of the sport. You cannot say a player's loss "doesn't count" because he was not in top form due to an injury. Avoiding injuries is just another important skill to be learned.
You're a unicorn.
The best books are the ones you write yourself.
The coyotes in this neighborhood aren't very clever.
That's why I'm smiling.
He left the village in order to study.
He needs to be alone in order to do some thinking.
If you speak good Spanish, you should have no problem looking for a job... the trick is finding one!
PARENTAL ADVISORY: If your children use TATOEBA to study languages, please take the time to search any choice words you wouldn't want them to read - and don't be shy! You won't believe some of the uncensored filth they allow on here, since they feel "language is language."
Few people live to the age of a hundred.
Few people manage to live to the age of one hundred.
Don't say that behind my back.
I want to be cautious.
We need to be cautious.
Few people live to be a hundred.
Few people live to be a hundred years old.
Don't forget to say "please" and "thank you".
Don't use your bare hands to scrub the floor.
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?
Just what makes you so high and mighty?
Excuse me, where is the metro?
Let's go by taxi.
The metro station is quite far.
How can I return home?
Remain there and don't move.
Tom loves watching Mary dance.
That will happen to you too.
Yesterday, he read the most interesting novel.
This dog runs very fast!
His son died from cancer at a young age.
I discovered my father collected years of newpapers.
Freedom has a cost.
He works hard.
She has a lot of things to do.
I bought an ancient lamp.
He tried a cheesecake.
You're just making stuff up.
Although I have been called Dicky since I was a baby, my real name is Richard.
Although I know a lot about Mary, I haven't actually met her.
Although I slept uninterrupted for hours last night, I still feel pretty tired.
Although I ate bowls of cereal for breakfast, I am still hungry.
Although we tried our best, we know we won't win.
Although we had both visited Turkey more than times, there is still so much to see.
How can I contribute to this project?
It is necessary to look towards the future: whoever doesn't look forward doesn't progress; and as you make your bed, so you must lie on it.
Just because you have imposter syndrome doesn't mean you're not a fraud.
Why are computers so intelligent? Because they listen to their motherboards.
This bridge won't last long.
I knocked him down by $20.
Mary has a yoga ball in her office.
Tom has a bean bag chair in his office.
I'm not freezing their food for them.
You don't need to give an answer if you don't want to.
No one ate the cake.
An old woman described the world as resting on a turtle, and then explained that the turtle was supported by another turtle, and finally when pushed with questions said it was "turtles all the way down."
Others hold that the earth has nine corners by which the heavens are supported. Another disagreeing from these would have the earth supported by seven elephants, and the elephants do not sink down because their feet are fixed on a tortoise. When asked who would fix the body of the tortoise, so that it would not collapse, he said that he did not know.
It's turtles all the way down.
I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do.
Good grief!
Don't ask me...it was a disaster.
She's so modest that she blindfolds herself when taking a bath.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
Everyone else does it.
At least he shook your hand. He didn't even look at me.
At least she shook your hand. She didn't even look at me.
This is delicious. What is it?
We're going to be late for the concert.
Tom seemed to enjoy it.
He seemed to enjoy it.
She seemed to enjoy it.
I think that Tom and I overdid it a little last night.
It was just one kiss.
Age is not important, unless you are either cheese or wine.
I have absolute confidence in your judgement.
I think that we should forget about this.
We'll arrive about one hour before Tom gets there.
She wants to keep the baby.
My girlfriend is pregnant and she wants to keep the baby.
I want to keep the baby.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
You should keep in store that pastries because that food looks so wasted.
Don't worry. Everything is under control.
Let's party forever.
You're watching Tatoeba TV.
I always watch the Tatoeba channel.
Tom showed me a picture of his family.
Cats like catnip.
Squirrelman's superpower is that he can turn into a squirrel.
Tom has a special gift.
Kissing Tom was a mistake.
Several literary works have appeared in Interlingua, among them a translation of William Shakespeare's Hamlet and several novels by Luigi Pirandello, and the publication rate of literary works in Interlingua is continually on the rise.
Her mother started screaming.
Her mother started shouting.
I've been feeling sick for the last two days.
I told him all about the accident.
Tom would never do that to Mary.
I'm going to play tennis this evening.
The grenade exploded five metres from the soldiers.
I want to help, but I'm so busy.
I'll play tennis this evening.
Please let me see you home.
Don't sic a dog on others or he might bite you.
Don't sic a dog. He might bite you.
Don't get a dog riled up. He might bite you.
This seat is free.
How many languages have you identified?
The cake is delicious.
There was a phone call from a girl.
I had a phone call from a girl.
There is nothing left to eat.
He is sick, it seems.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
Every new day could be your last.
Fold the sheet in half.
Double or nothing?
Sun lights the landscape, pain illuminates the soul.
Tom is very good-hearted.
Tom is good-hearted.
London is small compared to Tokyo.
Once upon a time there lived an old king on a small island.
Behind every minute of concert time there is one hour of hard practice.
This book was not a goal, it was a direction.
I didn't ask you to stay with me.
Happy wishing you a Thanksgiving.
Tom didn't want to be sent to jail.
I'm sorry that you couldn't come with us.
His father lost his job recently.
You will never be alone again.
The elephant is trumpeting.
Elephants trumpet.
Where are we going now? To the theatre or the cinema?
I wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
The menopause is the permanent cessation of the ovaries' principal functions.
Thank you very much for being so willing to help me being so busy with so many things.
The dictator reorganised the country's leadership line-up in order to solidify his power base.
My skin is soft.
The best way to learn to swim is to swim.
My teeth hurt.
She thought cross stitch was a good substitute for oil paintings.
I prefer Spanish men to English.
I really enjoy your company.
I didn't cry out.
I didn't yell.
Tom let out a few words in French.
This bus doesn't stop here.
To know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
What you know, you know, what you don't know, you don't know.
Is there an elevator here?
Mary is a fashion junkie.
I'm so busy it makes my head spin.
Do you have an elevator?
Does this building have an elevator?
Germany is expecting about 1.million asylum seekers this year.
I am sorry, I didn't mean to say I didn't like your dress.
I didn't mean to say that you couldn't join us.
We didn't mean to imply that Mary wasn't good enough for Tom.
Sorry, we didn't mean to make you feel left out.
Sorry, we didn't mean to start the meeting without you.
Tom insisted that he didn't mean to say that Mary was ugly.
I peed my pants.
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon.
What a pity that I did not see it.
I wanted to go, but I forgot.
I was bored, so I fell asleep.
You definitely should not skip this step.
Since I was bored, I fell asleep.
I fell asleep in class yesterday.
I fell asleep on the train.
You need to confirm your e-mail address.
He has the social skills of a wet mop.
Wow, that sky is really something.
The faucet is dripping.
I'd rather Tom do it.
The man isn't made for this.
Tom and Maria waited for the lift together.
Tom didn't mention having seen Mary.
I told him to stay.
He lives round the corner.
I would like to come to see you.
You are free to leave when you don't like this anymore.
I don't want to be too categorical!
A deep rift opened up between them.
Can I talk to Mike?
Rain is wonderful.
Why don't we go to see a film?
Whose daughter is Julia?
Tom was cheating on his wife.
Tom was leading a double life.
Tom was passionately in love with her.
Tom took his secret to the grave.
Tom sacrificed his life to save his brother.
Tom couldn't talk to Mary.
Some can talk on and on, about nothing substantive, ad infinitum.
The plot where a group of young adults visits some remote area and gets attacked by some type of serial killer has been repeated ad nauseum.
Apropros of nothing, the interviewer suddenly asked, "Would you ever consider voting for a Wiccan president?"
The last house speaker had long been a bête noire of the Republican's right wing.
Though some have been claiming ownership of extraterrestrial land, to include the Moon, are these claims bona fide?
When a police officer pulls you over for driving in the fast lane, does he have carte blanche to search your cell phone, too?
Paid leave is a popular cause célèbre among some political parties, but with so many people out of work, should it be?
Applying for a job in computer tech support without ever having operated a computer might very well be an example of chutzpah.
Paradoxically, the President of Turkey is the de jure head of state but has no legal role in government.
The country's foreign policy appeared to be leaning toward detente.
An old man was the éminence grise in the movie "The Wizard of Oz."
In the past, women have been barred from combat roles in the military, ergo, their opportunities for promotion have been somewhat limited.
The new commercial for the Marine Corps is called "Esprit de Corps."
U.S. soldiers whose separation from service is delayed due to a stop loss stop movement policy, are compensated ex post facto.
Now that the line of scrimmage has been moved back to the 15-yard line, the extra point after touchdown is no longer a fait accompli.
Some take their role as in loco parentis a little too far.
Bells will ring in memoriam of those who have died.
Had the commander remained in situ, he would have been considered for the position.
He and I are professors.
If the law is not repealed, in toto, what recourse do citizens have?
Some have a certain je ne sais quois that draws others to them like a magnet.
Téa Leoni's character Kate, in the movie "The Family Man," has a certain joie de vivre.
Is there any dignity in having to depend on the noblesse oblige of the rich?
Be leery of those who claim someone is non compos mentis and let rationale be your judge.
The body of a recruit has been exhumed for a second post-mortem.
I feel like I've been here before.
I can't hear what she's saying.
Could you wake me up at seven?
To be honest, I want to study Japanese too.
She's not confident.
This novel has been published in French as well.
This factory also operates at night.
In a world of uncertainty, a que sera sera attitude may be the healthiest one to have.
This is still a difficult question for science to answer.
I saw Marcus' house.
I don't like how he laughs.
Has something fun happened lately?
Removing the character limit for tweets would kill its raison d'être.
They valued my efforts.
We now live in a world where a nation can contain more cell phones or computers than it does people.
Even though the student appeared to be focused, he was actually absentmindedly gazing at the ceiling.
If you know how to operate in any environment, you just might have savoir faire.
After a long investigation, the police finally captured the suspected arsonist.
He happens to be off duty today.
This is Yamada.
I want to gaze at this scenery forever.
If your room request includes a plush animal print rug, a director's chair with your name on it, or a life-sized cardboard cutout of yourself, you just might be a prima donna.
The Marine Corps motto is "Semper Fidelis."
Taking risks may land you on terra incognita and make you long to plant your feet back on terra firma.
Some say the new film is not a visual tour de force like others in its genre, but it is worth seeing for other reasons.
For accurate study results questions must be asked verbatim.
Latin American soccer teams perform quite well, especially vis-à-vis teams from Asia.
Those who are best at table tennis, a sport that demands extreme precision of movement and careful strategy at the top levels, often come from Asia.
Penny Marshall and Cindy Williams sang "shlemiel, schlemazel, hasenpfeffer incorporated" in the theme song "Making our Dreams Come True" for the television show "Laverne and Shirley," a popular American sitcom in the 1970s.
If the hem of your shirt falls below the fly of your trousers, it is too long, according to many fashion experts.
Swans fiercely guard their cygnets.
An eaglet can fall out of its nest before it learns to fly.
The filly was named "Comet" because she was so fast.
You may have heard the story about the ugly duckling, but have you heard the story about the ugly gosling?
Once a heifer has a calf, it is no longer a heifer; it is a cow.
The joey snuggled down into the warm kangaroo pouch of his mother.
Some owlets are on the endangered species list.
One of the restaurant's most popular dishes is a bed of oysters on the half shell.
The biker was bombarded by clouds of gnats along every mile of the bike trail.
Did you know that a colony of ants is living inside the International Space Station?
In some countries, when a herd of elephants encroaches upon the agricultural livelihoods of farmers, the elephants can be exterminated.
A litter of pigs can have as many as thirteen piglets.
It is not uncommon for kayakers to be surprised by a pod of whales.
An average pride of lions will have approximately fifteen lions.
If indifference is the kiss of death for a relationship, then complacency is the kiss of death for a business.
I hate when my hands get too oily and messy.
Knuckling under could be described as cooperation, or selling out, depending on the point of view.
Good food brings good health.
Mary is eating chicken porridge.
You must stay awake whether you want to or not.
It is said that every week, a language goes extinct somewhere in the world.
Their relationship was strictly sexual.
Tom was totally different from his twin brother.
Tom worked for a local Mexican restaurant.
Tom definitely wasn't a party person.
Tom met Mary in a local flea market.
Mary was very vivacious and easy to talk to.
With Tom, Mary felt like a queen.
Tom wanted to find some stability for himself.
Tom took an interest in Mary.
Tom gave Mary massages.
Tom had a troubling secret.
Tom had no experience dating.
Tom told Mary about his sexual history.
Tom and Mary talked about that.
Tom was more than disappointed.
Tom respected Mary's chastity.
Tom bought Mary many gifts.
Tom was very frugal with his money.
Tom made Mary forget her old lover.
Tom gave in to temptation.
Tom wanted to be in a committed relationship with Mary.
Tom found Mary wonderful in bed.
Tom was desperate for Mary's affection.
Tom gave Mary his credit cards.
Tom wanted to express his love to Mary physically.
Tom wanted to do things right this time.
Tom felt he was rejected.
Tom stayed in Mary's house.
Tom noticed Mary's beautiful engagement ring.
Tom became best friends with Mary.
Tom knew that that was a bad idea.
Tom found that a little bit odd.
Tom bought a house for Mary.
Tom was having a great time.
Tom knew that Mary was a stripper.
Tom tried to leave the old ways behind him.
Tom was wrestling with his sexual demons.
Tom wanted to turn over a new leaf.
Tom paid for it all.
Tom would have been very upset.
Tom didn't want to be intimate with Mary before marriage.
That was a personal victory for Tom.
Tom sensed Mary's disappointment.
That was very frustrating.
Tom wasn't used to failure.
Tom wanted a divorce.
Tom had never seen Mary that angry.
That was devastating to Tom.
Tom sought advice from his family.
Tom used Mary's credit cards.
Tom's sadness quickly turned to fury.
Tom was affected by the break-up.
Tom only loved Mary for money.
Tom and Mary ate at the same Mexican restaurant.
Tom and Mary decided to give things another chance.
Tom and Mary spent the night together at the hotel.
Tom uncovered another shocking truth about Mary.
This is the true story of Tom Jackson.
Tom wanted to play another game.
Tom was clearly very busy.
Tom met Mary while studying at an art school.
Tom spoke French and Italian.
Tom and Mary recognized themselves in each other.
Tom was very much involved in his work.
Tom went out with a group of co-workers.
Tom was a successful handsome businessman.
The weather's been very good ever since.
Tom was a bit of a playboy.
Tom began flirting with Mary.
Mary found Tom more exciting than her boyfriend.
Tom knew that Mary was married.
Tom denied he was married.
Tom and Mary met up again.
Tom fell hard for Mary.
Tom was still a married man.
Tom came up with a bizarre plan.
Tom knew that Mary was living with somebody.
Tom agreed to that.
Tom did what his wife asked.
Tom was obsessed with Mary.
Tom missed a critical piece of information.
Tom was too busy to notice any change in Mary's behavior.
For Tom, life was perfect.
Tom sat Mary down to share some unwelcome news.
Tom flirted with many women in the office.
Tom kept his true feelings about that well hidden.
Mary didn't beg Tom to take her back.
Mary was an exotic Middle Eastern beauty.
Tom wanted to win Mary back.
Tom remained in Mary's radar.
Tom had a place in Mary's future.
Tom was very tolerant of Mary's ways.
Tom began to make excuses.
In five minutes I want to see you on the balcony.
How many wives have you had?
Fortunately I was well trained.
Mike left his brother in the lurch.
His stupidity shows in everything he does.
This guy's photos truly have a touch of genius to them.
But I'm a toon. Toons are supposed to make people laugh.
That last lecture was so boring. I was on the verge of falling asleep through most of it.
A laugh can be a very powerful thing.
Please tell me it's not true.
Time destroys everything.
I believe that Tom is not guilty.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate ice cream.
She said that she photographed a ghost.
Marie use to love poetry.
Later I'll go to the movies with my friend.
Chaos is order yet undeciphered.
Although the film is bad, I will enjoy it because I'm with friends.
Normally I eat popcorn and drink Coke when I watch a movie, but this time I'll eat candy.
That's too much information.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
It's a matter of personal preference.
Tom did not find the story boring.
If I were you, I would pay more attention to the teacher's advice.
We can't just leave him here.
We can't just leave her here.
This is not going to happen again.
It won't happen again, I promise.
It won't happen again, I swear.
I promise that I won't let anything happen to you.
How do helicopters fly?
How do birds fly?
This is Tom's notebook.
I love the sound this grasshopper makes!
If I had a nickname, I would be content.
It was a calm night.
Are you an adult or a child?
It ended badly for Tom.
We are the revelation.
It's dark in my imagination.
Tom and Mary wanted their children to live the American dream.
For Tom, it was Mary who was in the wrong.
A person who drinks sugary drinks on a daily basis will consume up to kilograms of sugar in a twelve month period.
Sugary drinks have no nutritional value and contribute significantly to weight gain.
Tom's only got eyes for Mary.
Even at 50, Mary can still turn heads.
He's responsible for that.
The girls don't like that song.
Sorry, I forgot to tell you something important.
Who said cross stitch is strictly for women only?
There are no comments up to now.
They can’t dance.
Who else knew about it?
Who else knows about it?
How did that get in there?
A true gentleman must not keep a lady waiting.
Are you here on holiday?
Tom lost his wife a few months ago.
Glory to the King of creation.
What exactly is Tom referring to?
What exactly is she referring to?
The magician made birds appear and disappear.
Did we have any English homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Did we have any English homework due tomorrow?
Do we have any French homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow?
Her life is in grave danger.
Tom is avoiding me.
First cousins have one set of grandparents in common.
Tom's death notice was in today's paper.
Tom and Mary announced their engagement today.
Tom's given to fits of rage.
What happened to the other one?
What happened to the rest of the money?
What happened to your dog?
Where did everyone else go?
I'm going to go get dressed.
I'm going to go take a shower.
The huge number of new Esperanto speakers makes me happy.
The huge number of new Esperantists makes me happy.
Tom was charged with first degree assault and sentenced to years in prison.
Tom fled the country to Argentina.
At the end of the day, the goals are simple: safety and security.
The fact is that people are good. Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
I thought Tom wanted to marry you.
I thought Tom wanted to marry Mary.
I thought Tom said he wasn't going to get married.
I thought Tom said he didn't want to get married.
The leaves of the trees turn yellow in the fall.
Do you know who you are?
Her demands are excessive.
She's demanding too much.
She's going too far in her demands.
Today, the locomotive is pushing the cars in the train.
I invented an excuse for missing the banquet.
Since when have you lived in Tokyo?
With the help of the doctors, she recovered.
Please hand me the dictionary.
I don't know why people enjoy those kinds of activities.
I find the whole concept of creating an entire database of multilingual sentences to be so inspiring!
Excuse me, where is the toilet?
Pardon me, where is your restroom?
Stop fooling around and help me pick this mess up!
I love lazy Sundays.
I'm not trying to be sarcastic.
Oh! Why me?!
Honestly, that wasn't my aim.
I'm feeling kind of breezy today.
I'm tired of hearing about Tom and Mary.
I saw him skulking downcast in the bathroom.
Do you really believe ghosts exist?
He was bright like the 4th of July! "Wow!", I thought!
I like your yard.
I need eyes here! Somebody get over here and spot him now!
You should begin with books you can easily understand.
DNA is composed of four nucleotides: A, T, C, and G.
DNA is composed of four nucleotides: adenine, thymine, cytosine and guanine.
My father was a good-for-nothing layabout who sat about on his posterior all day and ate potato chips.
I did exactly what I said I would do.
You can needlessly attempt to argue with me all you want; my brain is like a spam filter.
Creativity and uniqueness certainly go a long way.
These are turbulent times.
Tom double-crossed me.
It's funny you should say so.
Tom is suffering from an incurable cancer.
I'm not so sure why Tom is so popular; personally, I like John best!
Tom gets very animated when he's watching rugby on TV.
There must be a connection between these murders.
Mary has long dark hair and dark eyes.
Why does everyone think that old people smell like prunes?
Tom gets very boisterous watching sport on TV.
I don't find it necessary to live by the standard of another.
The weak beats of my heart can only go so far.
Tom was too proud to accept any help.
Are you too proud to accept a little help?
Tom and Mary are both young professionals.
Never forget what I am about to tell you.
Bit by bit, I will build up a massive collection for myself.
They had a good laugh together.
I swear, I'm having way too much fun.
Did I ever tell you that you were my hero when I was a kid?
It makes me shiver just to think of it.
She's pretty, isn't she?
They gave me days to pack my bags.
She was pretty, wasn't she?
Why do you say that he's liar?
"Why do you say that she's liar?" "Because she is."
Now then, there's no need for that kind of language.
Just one can of soft drink a day can significantly increase your chances of developing diabetes.
What? Is there something stuck in my teeth or something?
What a perfect outlet for my creativity!
You best be careful where you step.
Tom brought some toys for the children.
Okay, I've had enough for today. It's time to call it quits.
I can't remember the last time I had so much fun.
Tom stayed in the shallow end of the pool.
True beauty comes from within.
Mary's closet is full of clothes that she never wears.
People with depression should carefully watch their sugar intake, because too much sugar will make their condition worse.
Don't give away all my secrets.
Don't give away all your secrets.
He was very persistent.
She was secretly pleased.
Tom was secretly pleased.
What a fool I am!
Bees help plants spread their pollen.
Chinese scientists have created genetically engineered micropigs.
Her skin looked pale in the moonlight.
She has both beauty and brains.
A countless number of women and children were gathered round a huge fire, and some were seated on the ground, while others danced strange dances on the smooth grass.
The King of Sweden, to whom this part of the country belonged, more than once gave orders to cut down the haunted wood, but there was no one with courage enough to obey his commands.
The terrified woodcutter fled as fast as his legs would carry him.
A few miles from the Tontlawald was a large village, where dwelt a peasant who had recently married a young wife.
The two quarrelled and fought all day long.
By his first wife the peasant had a daughter called Elsa, a good quiet girl, who only wanted to live in peace, but this her stepmother would not allow. She beat and cuffed the poor child from morning till night.
One day she went out with the other village children to pluck strawberries.
These stories are as old as anything that men have invented. They were narrated by naked savage women to naked savage children. They have been inherited by our earliest civilised ancestors, who really believed that beasts and trees and stones can talk if they choose, and behave kindly or unkindly. The stories are full of the oldest ideas of ages when science did not exist, and magic took the place of science.
When the nobles and other people became rich and educated, they forgot the old stories, but the country people did not, and handed them down.
But who really invented the stories nobody knows; it is all so long ago, long before reading and writing were invented. The first of the stories actually written down, were written in Egyptian hieroglyphs, or on Babylonian cakes of clay, three or four thousand years before our time.
"After all, what does it matter?" thought she. "The dwellers in the Tontlawald cannot be worse than my stepmother."
Stay here with me and be my friend, and we will play delightful games together, and every day we will go and gather strawberries.
"Come, let us go to my mother", and taking Elsa's hand she led her deeper into the wood, the little black dog jumping up beside them and barking with pleasure.
Oh! what wonders and splendours unfolded themselves before Elsa's astonished eyes! She thought she really must be in Heaven.
The waitress put a white tablecloth on the table.
The birds were not shy, but let the girls take them in their hands, and stroke their gold and silver feathers.
I found her alone in the wood, and brought her back with me for a companion. You will let her stay?
"The sea?" asked Elsa, staring; "what is that? I've never heard of such a thing!"
Children, it's time for you to come home!
I think it's time for you to come back home.
Everyone's in position.
"Do you see this girl?" said the lady of the house, pointing to Elsa. "I wish to adopt her for my daughter. Make me a copy of her, which we can send to her native village instead of herself."
All will go well as long as you are a good, obedient child, and I will take care of you and see that you want for nothing till you are grown up and can look after yourself.
"Now," he said to the lady, "all we want is a drop of the maiden's blood."
When she heard this Elsa grew white with horror, for she thought she was selling her soul to the evil one.
She took a tiny golden needle, pricked Elsa in the arm, and gave the needle to the old man, who stuck it into the heart of the doll.
When Elsa awoke the next morning in her silken bed, with its soft white pillows, she saw a beautiful dress lying over the back of a chair, ready for her to put on.
A maid came in to comb out her long hair, and brought the finest linen for her use.
Nothing gave Elsa so much joy as the little pair of embroidered shoes that she held in her hand, for the girl had hitherto been forced to run about barefoot by her cruel stepmother.
From this moment Elsa's life was that of the ordinary happy child.
She had no cares or troubles of any sort, and every day her tasks became easier, and the years that had gone before seemed more and more like a bad dream.
The world would be a great deal better if men, in their greed, did not seek to snatch every thing for themselves, instead of leaving something as a thankoffering to the giver of the blessings.
The years passed like the wind for Elsa, and she grew into a lovely woman, with a knowledge of many things that she would never have learned in her native village.
Elsa was anxious to learn all she could, but Kisika much preferred childish games to anything else.
The time has come when we must part.
"Ah, be quiet, child," replied the lady.
Now you are a woman, and I have no right to keep you here. You must return to the world of men, where joy awaits you.
I want no other happiness but to live and die beside you.
Make me your waiting maid, or set me to any work you choose, but do not cast me forth into the world.
"Do not talk like that, dear child," replied the lady.
You are only a common mortal, who will have to die one day, and you cannot stay here any longer.
Though we have the bodies of men, we are not men at all, though it is not easy for you to understand why.
Some day or other you will find a husband who has been made expressly for you, and will live happily with him till death separates you.
Then she drew her golden comb gently through Elsa's hair, and bade her go to bed.
Life seemed to stretch before her like a dark starless night.
It is a well-known fact that a bad woman seldom becomes better as she grows older, and Elsa's stepmother was no exception to the rule.
It is a well-known fact that a bad woman seldom becomes better as she grows older.
One day the stepmother had given the girl a frightful beating, and then threatened to kill her outright.
At night, when the husband came home, he found his wife lying dead upon the ground, her body all swollen and disfigured, but the girl was nowhere to be seen.
His screams brought the neighbours from their cottages, but they were unable to explain how it had all come about. It was true, they said, that about mid-day they had heard a great noise, but as that was a matter of daily occurrence they did not think much of it.
On the table he saw a slice of bread lying, and, being hungry, he ate it before going to sleep.
In the morning he too was found dead.
The girl tried to speak, but before she could sob out her thanks the old man had touched her softly on the head three times with his silver staff. In an instant Elsa knew that she was turning into a bird: wings sprang from beneath her arms; her feet were the feet of eagles, with long claws; her nose curved itself into a sharp beak, and feathers covered her body. Then she soared high in the air, and floated up towards the clouds, as if she had really been hatched an eagle.
For several days she flew steadily south, resting from time to time when her wings grew tired.
Suddenly a sharp pain quivered through her body, and she fell to the ground, pierced by an arrow.
As she was wondering what she should do next the king's son came riding by, and, seeing Elsa, sprang from his horse, and took her by the hand.
Every night, for half a year, have I dreamed, dear lady, that I should one day find you in this wood.
Then the prince took Elsa on his horse, and rode with her to the town, where the old king received her graciously.
A few days later the wedding took place.
After the king's death Elsa became queen.
That looks like blood.
Mr. Oldman and Mr. Young are the same age.
When the cake was ready for baking they put it on the fire, and covered it with hot ashes, till it was cooked through.
Let us see who can tell the biggest lie, and the one who lies the best shall have the whole cake.
If we share this cake we shall neither of us have enough.
There once lived a merchant whose name was Mark, and whom people called 'Mark the Rich.'
He was a very hard-hearted man, for he could not bear poor people, and if he caught sight of a beggar anywhere near his house, he would order the servants to drive him away, or would set the dogs at him.
It was an act of desperation.
The tide has turned.
I know how much she meant to you.
Is there something wrong with your hearing?
Call it a Catch-22, but sometimes, you just can't realistically come out on top.
I think glimmering rain is so pretty; don't you?
So how would you define such a contribution? Does it really need to meet your expectations?
If I kept your secret, would you tell me the truth?
What do you mean I have too much personality?
I don't want to be alone anymore.
'Yesterday,' said the priest, 'a boy was born in the poorest house in the village. I named the unlucky little thing "Vassili."
The boy lived on with the monks, and grew up to be a clever, gentle, and handsome young man.
Mark wrote a letter to his wife and gave it to Vassili to take to her, and this was what was in the letter: 'When the bearer of this arrives, take him into the soap factory, and when you pass near the great boiler, push him in. If you don't obey my orders I shall be very angry, for this young man is a bad fellow who is sure to ruin us all if he lives.'
They dressed Vassili in fine clothes and next day he was married to Anastasia.
What are the differences between African and Asian elephants?
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent?
I want you to go for me to my friend the Serpent King, in his beautiful country at the world's end. Twelve years ago he built a castle on some land of mine. I want you to ask for the rent for those twelve years and also to find out from him what has become of my twelve ships which sailed for his country three years ago.
Vassili dared not disobey. He said good-bye to his young wife, who cried bitterly at parting, hung a bag of biscuits over his shoulders, and set out.
I'd like you to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
Oh, Vassili, what brings you to this accursed place?
He thanked her very politely, and hurried off.
Vassili led a good and happy life with his dear wife, and his kind mother-in-law lived with them. He helped the poor and fed and clothed the hungry and naked and all Mark's riches became his.
It was the custom in old times that as soon as a Japanese boy reached manhood he should leave his home and roam through the land in search of adventures.
Don't pat me on the head like I'm still a child!
He dared not approach her.
He dared not speak to her.
Tom married the merchant's daughter.
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent!
Tom will never obtain my consent to marry my daughter.
Tom asked his girlfriend's father for permission to marry his daughter.
Some men are born to good luck: all they do or try to do comes right—all that falls to them is so much gain—all their geese are swans—all their cards are trumps—toss them which way you will, they will always, like poor puss, alight upon their legs, and only move on so much the faster.
A shepherd had a faithful dog, called Sultan, who was grown very old, and had lost all his teeth.
This fairy could take any shape she pleased. All the day long she flew about in the form of an owl, or crept about the country like a cat; but at night she always became an old woman again.
They say ordinary can be extraordinary if you dig deep enough.
I don't make excuses. I only provide reasons.
Adopting a sentence on Tatoeba is a lot less of a commitment than adopting a child.
Tom is a karate expert.
Your outfit screams disaster.
I need you to relay some information for me.
Tom married Mary without her parents' consent.
It's a new take on an old game!
After a life-or-death experience, some people claim that they have found new takes on life.
Tom and Mary got married without their parents' consent.
It's all fun and games until somebody loses an eye!
Wouldn't it be amazing to create the world's largest dictionary?
I'm big on semantics; I always want to try to understand as much nuance as possible!
I'm heading to bed now. I can barely keep my eyes open.
That would be a shining example of sarcasm! It's sarcasm at its finest! Of course, I'm also being sarcastic.
Good night and sleep tight!
What am I?
My heart has been destroyed.
OK, I'll buy a car tomorrow!
What if I don't buy that car?
They won't help us...
I'm going to buy a dog tomorrow.
Oh, fine! I'll give it one more go! But that's it!
Is Gibraltar a country?
Guys, we need to talk.
Do not come back, OK?
Yes, it's over there.
I can't do it, sorry.
Is he a magician?
My mother is Greek.
Tom is always acting like he's better than everyone else.
Mary is always acting like she's better than everyone else.
She's not even really pretty.
If you don't sleep, you'll die.
C'mon, let's eat something!
Don't work too much, OK?
I will visit my grandmother's house.
She's Mary's sister-in-law.
I miss her every day.
It would be a lie to say that I miss her.
I really like to watch Power Rangers!
Everybody likes french fries.
I'm pretty sure that everybody likes french fries.
Are online communities really so different from real-life communities?
Be careful with that heavy thing! Take it slowly now. That's right, easy does it.
As I slid across the wet pavement, my head ricocheted off the curb.
He liked to skip rocks in the early morning and watch them ricochet across the smooth surface of the pond.
We should've brought another bottle of wine.
The doctor wants Tom to lose a little weight.
I asked Tom if we could meet.
How dared you marry my daughter without my consent?
My closet is full of things that I never wear.
Croatian Ivo Karlovic, currently the tallest professional tennis player in the world, is known for his extremely powerful serve, and many tennis analysts, as well as fellow players, recognise him as the best server on the ATP tour. Aged 36, he is also the oldest top player, as of 2015.
We enjoyed ourselves to the maximum!
I'm nothing more than myself.
Holy mackerel! Is that a shark?
On tennis forums, those who blindly support their favourite player while looking down on his or her opponents are commonly given the derogatory nickname "tards". Of course, a lot of times these same people use the word to refer to anyone supporting the players they don't like.
"Hahaha! We're going to make it rain, boys! By this time next week, we'll be swimming in cash!"
It's music to my ears.
With one swift kick, the door busted down!
She sped along at a breakneck pace!
Find a penny, pick it up, then all day you'll have good luck!
Tom, will you get up?
Tom was abducted by aliens.
Smile, you're on candid camera!
Mastering a language is much easier said than done.
Are you sure you can handle the responsibility? There's lots of work involved.
I'm going to take a break now. I feel a little burnt out.
She's been working her butt off for the last years! Of course, she feels burnt out!
Do you ever see yourself as part of a bigger picture?
A feast like this is fit for a king!
I heard Mary crying in her room, so I went to check on her to see if she was OK.
"Fernando, we're racing Massa behind until the end." "Ha! I love your sense of humour." "Well, we can have some fun trying, anyway."
You have a very strange way of thinking.
This tree is approximately three hundred years old.
This tree is about years old.
Traditional Japanese furniture is made without using any nails or screws.
Traditional Japanese houses are held together with wooden joints.
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
I often go there to meditate.
The Tung tree is poisonous.
Tung oil is made from the seeds of the Tung tree.
This website is full of shady advertisements and clickbait!
After falling victim to clickbait, my computer caught a virus.
The king longed to go out into the world, to try his strength in battle against some enemy and to win all kinds of honour and glory.
She cut off all her beautiful long brown hair and dressed herself in boy's clothes.
She took her lute and, without saying anything to anyone, she went forth into the wide world.
Taking her lute in her hand, she began to play so beautifully that one felt as though one could never hear enough.
Her voice was sweeter than the lark's.
'Welcome, O lute player,' said he. 'Where do you come from?'
So the lute player stayed on in the palace and sang and played almost all day long to the king, who could never tire of listening and almost forgot to eat or drink or to torment people.
'Well,' said the king, 'what do you desire as your reward?'
Video sites like YouTube are chock-full of clickbait titles such as "FATHER MARRIES DAUGHTER!?" or "MOST TERRIFYING GAME EVER!?".
I am no common prisoner, but the king of this country. Let me go free and ask what you will as your reward.
The queen took a short way home, got there before the king and changed her dress.
Our king has come back! Our king has returned to us.
And as she spoke she threw off her long cloak and everyone saw it was the queen.
I shan't forget that feast as long as I live.
Once upon a time the king of the Goldland lost himself in a forest, and try as he would he could not find the way out.
Mary is confident and independent.
Everyone gossips.
Make it pretty.
You shouldn't talk about your friends behind their backs.
Stop gossiping.
Tom's hands were shaking and his face was red.
Mary used to be a model.
Mary kept on flirting with him.
The government has declared three days of national mourning. Flags across the country have been lowered to half-mast.
What the fuck did he just do?!
Get out of here, now!
Are they real or fake?
Are the pearls real or fake?
Are her boobs real or fake?
Is this diamond real or fake?
It's easy to look at the world through rose-colored glasses.
It's not all sunshine and rainbows.
Of course, I'm serious! Is it not written on my face?
This city has many historical buildings.
She's an airhead.
Tom and Mary haven't decided yet whether they'll have children.
At your age, you try to act like a young man.
"Tom, I'm shot real bad. I can't carry on much longer if the bleeding doesn't stop."
'What are you doing here, friend?' asked the stranger; 'darkness is falling fast, and soon the wild beasts will come from their lairs to seek for food.'
The king exchanged his baby, a beautiful boy, for the daughter of a peasant, and the prince lived roughly as the son of poor people, while the little girl slept in a golden cradle, under silken sheets.
To become king at the cost of a maiden's life was too heavy a price to pay.
They came to a large stone, and here the old fellow stopped, looked carefully round, gave a sharp whistle, and stamped three times on the ground with his left foot. Suddenly there appeared under the stone a secret door, which led to what looked like the mouth of a cave.
The old fellow seized the youth by the arm, and said roughly, 'Follow me!'
Never speak unless you are spoken to.
Don't speak unless you are spoken to.
When the prince stepped over the threshold he caught sight of a maiden of wonderful beauty, with brown eyes and fair curly hair.
Then she took out a needle and thread, and began to darn her stockings.
His appetite was tremendous: he soon cleared all the dishes, and ate enough to satisfy a dozen men.
During the meal he stole many glances at the maiden, and would even have spoken to her, but she gave him no encouragement.
Every time he opened his mouth she looked at him sternly, as if to say, 'Silence,' so he could only let his eyes speak for him.
You can be a real nuisance when you want to.
She stood on tip-toe and whispered something in his ear, and then went away.
Do not weep, child. I am only going away for a little while.
The prince loitered about all day.
Take an axe, and cut off the head of the calf with one blow. With a second, split its head in two, and in its brain you will see a bright red ball. Bring that to me.
Are you off for your date?
With one blow of the axe, he killed the calf, and with the second split its brain.
We must lose no time in escaping.
The old man slept very late that morning.
Listen to me, my ball, my ball. Be quick and change me into a brook, and my lover into a little fish.
I wouldn't dream of preventing you from watching the match!
All the sugar fell on the ground.
Now that you're eighteen, you should know better.
That book is new.
'Now we are safe,' cried she. 'Here the old wizard has no more power over us, and we can guard ourselves from his spells.'
He was absent from school today, as he often is.
I will never part from you. You must come with me and be my wife. We have gone through many troubles together, and now we will share our joys.
What a horrible dream!
How bad do I look?
Will you pay?
The food at this camp is terrible.
Tom asked me what I want.
They approached each other.
We're all going to be eaten by a monstrous talking shrubbery.
My cell phone is easy to use.
That cake was delicious.
Our opinions are quite different.
The children were particularly quiet.
Could you dust the table?
You're not that scary.
Once upon a time there lived a queen whose heart was sore because she had no children.
Let me see your hand, that I may read the future.
The queen held out her hand, and the old woman examined its lines closely.
The young king let it be known that he intended to marry, and commanded all the maidens in the kingdom to come to a feast, so that he might choose a wife from among them.
Imagine an entire world consisting only of metaphor. It wouldn't make sense.
Once upon a time an old man and his wife lived together in a little village.
"Tom pulled off another one of his big heists! What did he do? For crying out loud, he robbed a goddamn bank!"
That's worth a lot to me.
He did nothing bad.
We headed due north.
I don't like people who stare at me.
Let's go out on the balcony.
Not all of the museum's items are on display.
This vase is very fragile.
I wouldn't miss it for anything.
I wouldn't miss your wedding for anything.
I wouldn't miss your party for anything.
I wouldn't miss your concert for anything.
Are you free tomorrow night?
He is nearly 40.
Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year.
Could you please confirm the price for this?
Please note that the price is subject to change.
Could you please confirm the price by email?
Could you please confirm the price by fax?
Everyone in our class passed the exam.
I've been driving this car for three years.
I bought this car three years ago.
I bought this car used three years ago.
Tom says he usually buys a new car every three years.
All prices are subject to change.
How many strings do most harps have?
Take this, honey.
You have to trust me, honey!
I can't do it, bro. I'm really sorry.
Mister Gipuzkoa won the title of Mister Spain in 1999.
Zaragoza in Aragon, Spain is a sister city of Zamboanga City.
I'm not confident that I can translate this book.
A French language edition of this novel has also been published.
They'll no doubt be searching for us.
He's at the next corner.
I lost my umbrella somewhere in the park so I need to buy a new one.
He came home fairly late last night.
Cutting in line is a big pet peeve of mine. Folks should have to wait their turn!
The key to the so-called mastery of any language is bringing the words and grammar to life through context.
He once mentioned a long time ago that he had boundaries that I could never cross. Now that we're apart, I realize what he said was largely a warning in disguise.
Please keep in mind that I'm not just a faceless entity behind a screen! I'm a person too no matter the mode I communicate from.
The association between trolls and bridges has a long history which marches on to this day in English pop culture.
I love the feeling I get when the wind rustles between the trees and tenderly stirs all around me.
She mounted the horse with ease.
The world is a place of seemingly infinite complexity.
I don't take kindly to pushiness or impatience.
I don't ever try to be sloppy. But I have to admit, I'm notorious for making unintentional typos.
I'm telling you for certain! That man's the worst of the worst! As he's the cream of the crime crop, you shouldn't be surprised that he's notorious for murder and unlawful subjugation.
I envied John. He not only attracted the unadulterated attention of every lady within his immediate vicinity, his educational performance was world-renowned as the cream of the crop.
You're going to have to work harder to capture even an ounce of my attention. Capturing my affection is just out of the question!
Phooey. I'm late again.
I'm not following you at all. Can you break it down for me?
He was truly a renowned professor who took the time to break every problem down step-by-step. Even a poor student like myself was able to follow along with and grasp such complex equations.
Hopefully, being ridiculous doesn't kill you !
The girls were sitting right next to each other.
I remember when my old grandpap used to sit out on the porch lightly strumming his guitar.
Paranoia is a serious disease, Tom. You should see a doctor.
Hey Tom, will you get out of the bed, or what?
She was an actress.
I don't know how they found out.
I don't know how Tom found out.
I don't know how she found out.
These rich girls are very superficial.
Don't make a show of yourself.
Mary was very candid in her interview.
Let this little book be thy friend, if, owing to fortune or through thine own fault, thou canst not find a dearer companion.
Primely skilled in the art of social manipulation and a rat at heart, he always convinced others to do his dirty underhanded work.
If you butter him up just like so, he'll give you everything and more than you could ever ask for.
I finished that end-of-term essay all in a night's work!
She gently chided at him for drinking all of the milk to his utter embarrassment.
You know what actresses are like.
The Euro is more than a currency.
Germany is a free country.
Germany is not ruled by the law of the jungle, but by the rule of law.
It's already been taken care of.
They don't want to live together.
Don't you have anything better to do other than annoy the crap out of me? Seriously, go jump in a lake!
I don't have to get up until o'clock tomorrow.
I've come to the unfortunate conclusion that musicals simply annoy the crap out of me.
To attract sharks, scientists prepare a special bloody bait concoction known as "chum".
If triangles had a god, he would have three sides.
I had an old wire bird feeder that I used to fill often with a square slab of suet.
Apparently, it was his jealous mistress who prepared that nasty chemical concoction. I hear the wife took one sip of her morning coffee and collapsed without so much as a word.
I'm opening the door.
Let's continue from where we left off.
I don't think he has any friends.
As funny as the whole concept of a knuckle sandwich is, I wouldn't ever want to be on the receiving end.
If you keep pestering me, I'll send you overboard to chum the water with your useless guts!
The judge was forced to slam her gavel down multiple times in order to restore order to the court.
Have you heard the rumor about the new transfer student?
I don't like seeming pessimistic, but John's a total basket case. He's not just useless either. He's lost his mind!
Tom received a text message.
Mary sends about text messages a day.
Tom sent Mary a text message.
"Zip it Tom! I've had enough of your excuses!"
Zip it! Lock it! And put it in your pocket! In other words, please just shut up already!
We started making out.
This is a waste of taxpayers' money.
In a brief moment of genius, I discovered the cure to aging!
I just had a flash of genius! We need to round up a crew!
Do I want to take that shiny new car off your hands? You betcha!
I can't believe we got invited!
I want to go on an adventure.
I don't want to go on an adventure. I want to watch TV.
"Yeppers! You heard me right the first time!"
If you want to go on an adventure, you need to learn how to react quickly.
I'd love to go on an adventure with you.
I'd love to go to Boston with you.
I will work hard.
If you want to go on an adventure, you need to have quick reflexes.
I'll work hard.
Tom doesn't like to be made to wait.
He's trying hard.
It can be very hard to tell the difference between crazy people and misunderstood people. But of course, everything is all just a matter of opinion with varying degrees of evidence or no evidence at all.
So how do you propose we rectify the situation at hand?
They moved in the same circles.
If I were to spend more time strictly studying only for myself whilst minimizing red herrings online, I'd be more of the person I want to be.
This was Tom's first time being a part of a large community-based project. Though he felt nervous at first to be involved, the other members soon proved to be a very supportive bunch.
Stress can be a real vicious cycle. The greater the amount of stress, the harder it is to make smart logical decisions for yourself which only leads to more stress.
I'm so doggone exhausted, I can't even think straight.
Mary was so hungry, she gobbled up the pie in merely a few bites!
I sincerely hope that occasional sleep deprivation doesn't cause permanent damage to my brain.
Every person has the power to abuse their privileges.
They follow the masses and structure their lives mainly to please the perception of others. They're sheeple. Every last one of them.
I may be imagining it, but something smells weird.
No system can ever reach total consistency. In theory and on paper, things work. But in practice, they're messy. There's no way of getting around the butterfly effect.
It's hard to get to the punchline of a joke when you're laughing so hard that you can barely breathe!
I'll show you who's in charge!
There are some very common grammar mistakes that even an educated man might make if he isn't paying close enough attention.
"Please forgive my intrusion, but this is something that you're going to want to hear."
Could a logical conlang such as Lojban ever grow to rival the current popularity of Esperanto?
I've just been robbed.
"Now, I want you to speak very slowly and very clearly. Can you do that for me?" "I guess so."
I'm afraid I can't settle on an agreement if you can't meet these demands.
Is it that you're afraid of dying? Or is it a fear of flying? Perhaps, you are afraid of simply trying.
I'll be awake the whole night.
I am not a professional.
"Yippee! We're going on an adventure!" shouted little Timothy.
With such little benefit gained, this is a habit it would be best for me to curb. I could be doing more productive things with my precious time.
You may disagree with and venture to question me, but remember, the feeling's mutual.
The feeling's mutual.
No, I just can't remember. The answer completely eludes me.
It's time to put my thinking cap on and get to the bottom of this elusive mystery.
I'm a jack of all trades, a real triple threat. They'll try to stop me, but I'll be rising up the ranks in no time.
I'm the fastest reader you've ever seen! I'll be finished with this book in no time flat!
To me, computer programming is an interesting endeavor.
They hate me 'cause they ain't me!
I find that it's best to find a happy balance between originality and sticking to a strict standard.
You're going to have to do better to convince me of that.
I have my limits. If you cross them, I'll gladly walk away.
That is not how you talk to your superiors!
We're probably going to clash a lot as we're both heavily opinionated people. However, if we can both respect each other, things should blow over smoothly. They could possibly turn out quite nicely even.
Oftentimes, the best solution is to systematically attack the problem!
Arguing never got anyone anywhere.
People often confuse the difference between an argument and a debate.
Those terms are generally not considered synonymous with one another.
There's no need to worry about accuracy this time; just eyeball it.
"Should I measure the flour out?" "You can eyeball it if you want."
Fine. However, I'm running late and you need to keep it brief.
They spent time together in Paris.
We spent a few days together in Paris before coming back to Boston.
I can't believe I didn't get invited.
Just leave me alone. You're pathetic.
"Do you have a moment to talk with me, Tom?" "That's fine, but I've only got a minute or two to spend, so you'll need to keep whatever you have to say very brief."
Why did you do it, Tom?
He had the face of a daifuku.
Hi there!
The prince is waiting.
The princess is waiting.
Where?
I live in Tonga.
This is tiring. I don't want to kill myself for others!
After unsuccessfully attempting to fix her computer's browser, Christine had enough of it! Feeling drained, she slammed the lid of the laptop shut determined to be done with the volatile thing!
Goodbye everyone!
Stop acting like this Tom! I'm tired of this nonsense! Just have done with it already!
No!
This man is happy.
I'm sorry to say this, but I need to put my foot down! I'm not a charity! Unless you can solidly convince me that the devotion of my time to you is truly worth my while, I'm through! I mean it this time.
Tom is tormented every night by horrific nightmares.
Words rarely have only one meaning.
In regards to practicality, the world seems to be governed by varying degrees of fuzzy logic. In other words, things aren't so black and white as you may think at times.
If you give Tom any lead way, he'll probably just walk all over you.
The most accurate reflection of my feelings is that of a love-hate relationship.
I need to drop these useless perceptions to take full throttle over my life.
I'm going to allow my words to be the manifesto of my life.
My feelings may seem random but my thoughts are never!
If I want it so badly, I need to cultivate it. I have no choice.
Is there a place in Europe you want to go to?
Is there somewhere in Europe you'd like to visit?
Where in Europe would you like to visit?
Put that book back where you found it.
I've never finished reading the books that I don't like.
She encouraged her children to learn Finnish.
Come on, Finnish isn't that hard.
I've been learning Finnish for over ten years, and I still have trouble understanding it.
If you're having trouble with Finnish, you know who to ask.
Go on, but in Finnish.
The Finns speak Finnish.
She only speaks Finnish in class.
She taught Finnish for years.
"Tom drank three cups of coffee after dinner." "No wonder he couldn't sleep."
It's been a terrible day.
What they say doesn't matter to us.
Can a city exist without having a culture of its own?
You locked yourself in.
You locked yourself out.
She saw him crossing the road.
His biceps are very big.
We don't care what they say.
I can help, if you want.
I completely lost my train of thought
What was I gonna say?
What was I going to say?
Set me free!
"How did you find Egypt?" "Hot."
Let me go free, and I'll show myself grateful.
I am sure our dear guest would like to have a bath before he goes to bed.
The man enjoyed his bath, slept soundly, and set off early next morning.
From this time the man and his wife lived so happily together that it was a pleasure to see them.
Long, long ago an old couple lived in a village, and, as they had no children to love and care for, they gave all their affection to a little dog.
The dog was grateful to them for their kindness, and never left their side, whether they were in the house or out of it.
The old man was working in his garden, with his dog, as usual, close by.
He stooped down and pulled out a large box, filled quite full with shining gold pieces.
The box was so heavy that the old woman had to help to carry it home.
Now that he had made them rich, they gave him every day all that a dog likes best to eat, and the cushions on which he lay were fit for a prince.
There was once an emperor, very great and mighty, and he ruled over an empire so large that no one knew where it began and where it ended.
All the talk about world war is just a scarecrow.
The king had only one child, and that was a daughter, so he foresaw that she must be provided with a husband who would be fit to be king after him.
World war has become less likely because of global economic interdependence. It's not like the 1940's.
Why was I not informed?
You should never put on makeup while driving a car.
People who dream of mass destruction think that society hasn't constructed anything worthwhile.
The dream of world war may be linked to a linear religion.
Some Westerners no longer believe that their soul exists and that they have eternal life.
Technological retrogression will be unlikely.
One can't discount a global natural catastrophe like a meteor strike.
One can't discount a global disaster like a virulent plague.
The nuclear holocaust scenario is just old propaganda. Arsenals are limited and rusty.
I sell umbrellas.
Does it hurt here?
"Where does it hurt?" "Everywhere."
Atheism has become the philosophy of the new society of the old republic.
"Ignorance is slavery!" says the gigantic poster on the ministerial building.
I have come back.
Tips to bake a cake.
You're hard-headed!
We should heed him.
He is a good person.
Her voice is better.
He knew that you have a new car.
The Web is a gigantic, dynamic document.
The Web is a big junkyard.
I was hungry, so I ate.
I was hungry, so I ate it.
I should've gone home.
I think things will work out.
I think things will be OK.
I think it'll be OK.
Served you right!
I usually don't continue reading books that I don't like.
I usually never finish reading books that I find boring.
I've lost your email address.
I have to renew my passport.
I need to decide what to do.
I should've known that.
I knew you couldn't wait.
Tom was branded a thief.
What is sporting your son?
I'm going to make you a drink.
Until you told me, I had no idea.
I want to eat a black sesame ice cream.
A new theory by an anonymous author proposes that brontosauruses are rather thin at both ends, but that the middle part of their body is actually very thick.
I swear it couldn't be sweeter.
I can see the coke in your nose.
I'm soaked to the bone.
Each day is better than the last. This day especially.
That is only your excuse.
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress.
Family, like branches on a tree, we all grow in different directions, yet our roots remain as one.
We're all in the same game just different levels dealing with the same hell just different devils.
Have a proper funeral for the body so that the soul can reach to heaven.
Jihan and Apita are sisters.
Jihan and Apita are siblings.
Uli, Mega, and Tina are females.
Made and Mega are cousins.
Una and Nel have known each other since they were in Elementary School.
I want to eat purple potatoes.
I eat red potatoes while drinking tea.
My father's mother is my grandma.
What is an Anglicism?
Do they watch TV?
I just want you to know that I'm sorry.
I just want you to know that I regret it.
As is often the case, she's not here.
What are they whispering to each other?
I'm not sending them any further.
Not all criminals need to be incarcerated.
Did you hear what I was playing, Lane?
I didn't think it polite to listen, sir.
As far as the piano is concerned, sentiment is my forte.
I'm sorry for that, for your sake.
I don't play accurately - anyone can play accurately - but I play with wonderful expression.
I keep science for Life.
And, speaking of the science of Life, have you got the cucumber sandwiches cut for Lady Bracknell?
Why is it that at a bachelor's establishment the servants invariably drink the champagne?
I attribute it to the superior quality of the wine, sir.
The author leaves Luggnagg and sails to Japan. From thence he returns in a Dutch Ship to Amsterdam, and from Amsterdam to England.
I dwell the longer upon this Subject from the Desire I have to make the Society of an English Yahoo by any Means not insupportable; and therefore I intreat those who have any Tincture of this absurd Vice, that they will not presume to appear in my Sight.
The cricket is a good singer who can sing long notes.
Have you heard such a story before?
The most beautiful words are those that speak of love.
The moment she saw me, she started to laugh.
I'm not as good a guitarist as I thought.
I arrived at the stadium at PM but the game had already started.
This morning, I bicycled to work.
I think I'm going to buy myself a cellphone tomorrow.
It weighs eighty kilograms.
Mozart cultivated many musical genres.
You always complain about your housing accomodations. You know you can't bring your "palace" with you when you die. You're mortal. Housing is temporary.
You shouldn't associate sexuality with poverty. It isn't Roman.
The visitors to the island, as well as some locals, always think of poverty.
When I was in university, people there were not poverty-conscious.
There is always some aspect of poverty wherever you look. It's all in your head.
People like me who have lots of imagination aren't easily jealous.
I'm keeping my mouth shut.
With your propaganda, I can tell you think everybody's opinion matters.
Sometimes, I think not all humans are sentient beings.
With your propaganda, I can tell you think this world isn't just a speck of dust.
I miss Abraham's spirituality bookshop. It was so cozy with chairs with cushions.
Not all the things that we wish for may be good for us.
Rise when called.
We have no more rice.
Let us not be proud of the things that we should be ashamed of.
Please make coffee.
They hid behind the tree.
She is too meek.
Happy the man who finds wisdom and gains insight.
You hid behind the tree, didn't you?
We hid behind the tree.
She hid behind the tree.
You hid behind the tree.
I hid behind the tree.
They're hiding something from me.
You're hiding something from me.
Marie's hiding something from me.
She's hiding something from me.
Who's Tom speaking to?
They're back from China.
You're back from China, aren't you?
We're back from China.
Marie's back from China.
She's back from China.
They went out to eat.
They've gone out to eat.
You went out to eat, didn't you?
They hate horror films.
Artificial intelligence is a broad field encompassing numerous technologies and applications.
Do they hate me?
When did you notice that your umbrella was gone?
Where were you when you realized that you didn't have your umbrella?
He asked me a few questions.
Once I tried tackling the question, I realised it was easy.
I found that the problem was easy.
Don't always try to appease women! They know they aren't generally good with technicalities.
Here at Tatoeba, we have documented Tom's life from cradle to grave in meticulous detail.
A woman's clitoris is really an undeveloped penis. Ask a doctor.
Some sci-fi writers play on hermaphroditic societies. Characters may be hermaphroditic, have more than two genders, or interchange gender according to the seasons.
Marian is wearing a black leather jacket, a purple scarf, and purple pants.The outfit looks great on her.
Mifune has named his dog Maggy May.
Mifune's Buddhist "church" will hold a food bazaar. It's of the Jōhō Shinsei sect.
I like yatsuhashi and daifuku.
Armand the vampire's religion is henotheistic.
The older you get doesn't mean you should become more religious.
Getting older doesn't mean you should no longer use your imagination.
She's a bit of a handful.
She can be a bit of a handful.
She's quite a handful.
I'm working in your house only.
You're not getting dressed.
Stop complaining so much, and do something constructive!
Yaroslav the Ukrainian and I have discussed the concept of having one time zone for this whole world. He's like the "Esperanto Man."
You really have to control your jealousy. It's like a beast inside of you.
Your view of reality is too materialistic.
There's no use crying and complaining. Try to be content with what you have.
Desire is a source of discontent. Try to control it.
You live in your left brain too much. Try to use your right brain to be more artistic.
You grew up with too much materialism, and now you envy your neighbours.
Without education, you will always feel poverty.
Get a cat! Don't expect affection from other human beings!
The whole outside of your house, your neighbourhood, is like a big living room, and you don't have to pay for it. Walk around!
She wants to do it on her own.
What he says is not true.
What he says is not correct.
You will not be ready.
You shouldn't hate people. You should only hate what they do.
They had nothing to eat.
Is the university library open now?
The outsiders don't quit their philosophy of novelties.
I found the problem was easy to fix.
I found the problem was easy to solve.
I found it easy to fix the problem.
The outsiders just like the artistic names of folders and files on my computer systems.
The process of artistic creation isn't necessarily akin to factory production.
You have to get rid of your philosophy of novelties.
Computer files and folders aren't like children. You seem to want a big family.
You've a different sense of time from me. What's the point of hurrying if you don't have an objective or destination? Your thinking even affects your sexual behaviour.
Your people feel a sense of generalized hatred.
What's the point now of buying books written by a bunch of old men?
In capitalism, a citizen is not obligated to shop.
Men don't shop when they feel down.
Don't hurry if there's no purpose to your hurrying.
Hurry only if you have a time-dependent objective or destination.
For what are you waiting? You're always waiting for something.
I can tell you're a northerner. You like hurrying a lot without purpose to it.
Writing in this forum is just a game. Don't take it seriously as if we're making products.
The whole Earth is a jail for humanity. People haven't yet escaped it.
We don't have problems. We only have tasks.
I like "feijoada".
I should've known it was a waste of time.
Some people are never satisfied with what they have.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
I spend too much time in front of my computer.
I spend too much time in front of my mirror.
Look at how worn out he is! He literally can't keep his eyes open!
Don't brag! It makes you sound poorer!
I wonder what it would feel like to be a woman.
I wonder how it would feel like to be a man.
You just look like a janitor!
Don't let envy control your behaviour!
Don't let desire control your mind!
I'm not making that up.
During the war, factories ran around the clock.
Behold.
Look.
I have fought.
Not at all, nobody is.
The president of the company asked Tom to fire half of the company's workers. And then he fired Tom.
I'm getting there.
Eight out of ten dieters who lose up to ten percent of their body weight put it back on again within five years.
Tom's father walked out on his family.
The three fundamental factors for happiness are: financial security, a sense of purpose in one's life, and good personal relationships.
The person addressed in the song seems to be rather insecure.
I wish to be there.
I wish I was in Finland.
The guitar quartet produced a wonderful concert.
Listening to music is a great way to relax.
After the concert the performers celebrated with a party at a nearby restaurant.
Mary's friend from Austria will visit her at Christmas time.
Driving across desert landscapes can be dangerous when the summer temperatures are high.
The box was so heavy that Tom had to help Mary carry it home.
Are you mad at Tom?
Tom should've discussed that with you.
Tom should've already discussed that with you.
Who's worried about Tom?
I'm not a native speaker.
The way Tom looked at me was so adorable, I just couldn't say "no."
Tom has excellent hand-eye coordination and excels at ball sports.
Activists lobbied for the removal of a number of dams, so that natural water flows could be restored to the affected rivers.
Strobing effects can trigger epileptic seizures.
I found a solution.
I don't want to watch television.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
I climb mountains.
I'm not the kind of person that you think I am.
I don't watch these sci-fi shows for the sake of a child audience. I watch them because I'm personally interested.
I couldn't care less if others don't like the sci-fi shows I like watching.
Others prefer to watch sports events than to watch my favourite sci-fi shows.
Not all children are interested in sci-fi.
You worry about the future of your children, but you also feel jealous of them, because they will see the future, and you won't.
People now have the Web, personal data assistants, microwave ovens, and other technologies. You can consider we're already in the future.
In Zen, adherents have to be mindful in living in the "now."
Futurologists have fun pondering about what is to come.
Your enemies are just an illusion.
Where do all these moles come from?
Begging from unknown entities isn't wise.
Life isn't comfortable in North America.
I have already talked with this student.
Mindfulness about the "now" is important in Zen.
His face was very chubby.
At least try to understand the concept, and not surrender right away in that it's over your head.
My younger brother lives in Boston.
He gets along well with his classmates.
I will study.
Why? What's the difference?
Okay, I will keep your advice in mind.
We both know you are lying to me, don't we?
I once hoped that my mother would survive until I got married.
If people have friendly relationships, I hope the world will be a better place.
The smoggy air of Beijing makes me feel gloomy.
I have a free spirit.
I like learning various languages.
I like freedom.
I have already tried that.
He weighs kilos.
Shh! Don't make a sound. We are playing hide-and-seek now. If you want to talk, go find somewhere else to hide.
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Mesoamerica, for instance?
Some people fantasize about living in a society with a lower technological level. The horse and buggy are still technology.
Some think that too much intellectualizing will reduce their sexual vigour. It's like modern-day superstition.
If you marry a chicken, follow the chicken; if you marry a dog, follow the dog.
We must learn to accept the people around us.
A woman should follow whatever her husband orders.
Watching or reading sci-fi is a liberating and expanding experience for the mind.
Tagalog is a more sensual language than English.
Your software should be up-to-date to play the video.
Some people associate sci-fi with the Japanese.
A university thesis describes the "Orientalism" that imbues sci-fi in the West.
Japanese sci-fi, as in anime, involves their Buddhistic and Animistic spirituality.
Sympathy is for chumps.
Frankly, I find that hard to believe.
Is it safe to skate on this lake?
It was fun playing video games with you this afternoon.
Your mother is half you, and reminds me of you.
You're good at making me feel better.
We have a long walk.
Use a wok.
She walks to work.
The numbers are on the doors or next to the doors.
Under all circumstances, it is ok.
What is your ethnicity? Zamboangueño!
"How old are you?" "I'm already years old."
How did you feel when you fell into the swamp? We were all shocked.
"How did you fall into the swamp?" "Someone pushed us in."
"How do you start this motorcycle?" "Sorry, I really have no idea."
She opened a savings account.
She needed financial aid.
Citizenship is a prerequisite for voting.
Having good credit is a prerequisite to applying for a loan.
A syllabus is an outline and summary of topics to be covered in an education or training course.
Her uncle agreed to pay part of her tuition.
Even though there's no money and no political machine, and even though we will lose, we'll still compete in the chess tournament on April 29, 3030.
Tom didn't get home until way after midnight.
Always be grateful to your mother and father.
One day, Jesus will return for us and we will be with him forever.
Return to sender.
Entry, transportation, breaking-down and absorption of food is possible, thanks to a series of conduits, tissues and organs that constitute the digestive system. They all work together in a coordinated fashion in order to better assimilate the substances consumed every day, supplying us with energy and easing our development.
Tom slept on two chairs that had been pushed together.
Hello! How are you? We’re here now for a short explanation about the reproductive organ. Well, we hope that you will not think maliciously regarding this topic.
Good morning! How are you all? Hopefully you’re happy while trying to read this short lecture about the parts of the body.
Many among us are not familiar with diphthongs but they are found in every phrase, sentence and paragraph. Question: How important are they in the Zamboangueño Chavacano language and what does dipthong mean? Answer: They are very important! Diphthongs are combinations of two vowels pronounced together in the same syllable, which produces a new distinct sound.
Living in poverty is some women's fantasy. They think it's somewhat romantic.
The colour green as jealousy isn't international.
Some people have a more miserable life than you. Try to tolerate!
Some people always expect reward from others. Something like a hobby may be self-rewarding.
Some people like rewarding themselves, not expecting reward from others.
This fantasy of wanting to live in poverty is a silly woman's dream.
Not all East Indians like English.
Rose milk is from the south of India. In Singapore, it's called "bandung."
I don't want to live as a couple. It's like having a dog.
Humans may have co-evolved with cats and dogs, and they may identify with either.
For most people, reward comes from other people, not from themselves.
You're like a dog if you always expect reward from others.
Many people are older, but not wiser.
What is the hope for humankind if the smart people are a very small minority?
Return to the sender.
She met a new friend in school today.
We have a dog.
She teaches us English.
She is teaching us English.
Generally, Americans prefer big cars.
They are in the car.
He really likes English.
She really likes English.
I don't like their language.
I don't like her language.
I don't like your language.
I don't like his language.
That way of thinking influenced a lot of people.
Some people think Mary was poisoned.
How?
When?
How many?
How did you fall into the swamp? Someone shoved us.
How did you fall into the swamp? Somebody pushed us.
How did you fall into the swamp? Somebody shoved us.
Have breakfast.
Have lunch.
Have brunch.
So what's a candlestick?
My watch isn't working well.
It's not good to count all the things that you have already given.
It is bad to count all the things that you gave.
Some movies make such an impact that one never forgets them. Such is the case with "Life is Beautiful," the emotional Benigni film that mixes drama and comedy in an exceptional manner.
Quiet down!
From where are you?
"How many dialects are there in the Chavacano language?" "The Chavacano language has six dialects."
The rescue worker went into the disaster zone with a helicopter to save people.
I will continue to study Latin, because it is really interesting.
I think that all the world's languages are very interesting.
My friends are all really nice.
I like to talk about tasty food with my friends.
Today is a cloudy day.
Kill all murderers!
Arrest the police!
I don't care what you say, I hate you!
Times are tough. Try to be strong!
The nineties generation in tennis has been utterly useless so far, exasperated fans say.
We are all at different levels.
I'll be away for the rest of the year.
Tom's reply was evasive.
Her reply was evasive.
We could choose ourselves what to talk about.
I will not allow myself to be fooled.
Tom didn't know what to say, so he said nothing.
There's been a burglary.
Her nervousness was noticeable.
I don't want to speak ill of the dead.
She covered her shoulders with the blanket.
Tom covered Mary's shoulders with a blanket.
It's time to feed the baby.
Mary smoothed down her skirt.
Don't just stand there. Come in.
It's an unusual name.
I discovered his secret.
I discovered her secret.
Mary caught sight of her best friend.
Why am I so nervous?
Tom's in trouble again.
I'm not sure we're doing the right thing.
It's not really my cup of tea.
This star cannot be seen by the naked eye.
Tom tried to wash the blood off his clothes.
This is the murder weapon.
Mary was the last person to see Tom alive.
This plant is critically endangered.
The exhibition caused a minor scandal.
Is that blood?
I think about this all the time.
The picture's age has not yet been determined.
I believed him at first.
Even if she's a prostitute which falls in love, her love is a pure and noble feeling.
There's smell of naphtha.
There is smell of naphtha.
Number eight is "hachi" in Japanese, as it reminds one of "hatching from an egg."
Why do you want to rendezvous with people who are always angry?
Some people like anger, because they think it suppresses their sexual impulse. Often, it's just the opposite.
They think pornography will make them feel younger.
For most of my intellectual life, I wasn't age-conscious.
I believed Tom at first.
A camel can store a large amount of fat in the hump on its back.
I won't allow myself to be fooled again.
She told me what was happening there.
My cat is white.
She won't forget this.
There are so many cats over there.
She won't know that you love her unless you tell her.
Since you're over 50, your sexual orientation is no longer important.
Why are you holding a pair of scissors?
You probably smoke drugs. It makes you poorer.
Have you ever tried to play handball?
I should've visited her more often.
I heard fear in his voice.
Just because you're a capitalist doesn't mean you have to shop.
Ted wanted to vote for the communists.
Your first swimming class will be tomorrow, isn't?
Your first Japanese class will be tomorrow, isn't?
"Your first German class will be tomorrow, isn't?" "No, it'll be next Monday."
"Are you tired?" "Not really."
Hey, don't give up! You can do it!
Thanks a lot, teacher!
Was it an earthquake?
Don't give up yet. I'm sure you can do it.
Tomorrow's your day off.
What exactly am I supposed to inspect? Are they just random things?
What stroke of genius must a child have to learn to play the piano?
If you think this forum is just work for you, then you should give up.
The piano is just a cliché Western instrument.
Do dolphins really sleep with one eye open?
Vulcan philosophy scares the ordinary, because it encourages freeing from emotions.
The Klingons are a warrior spacefaring race.
The Klingons are a warrior spacefaring race in a popular show.
The Andorians have blue skin, white hair, and antennae.
Tribbles are animals that multiply quickly, as seen in a popular show.
In a popular show, the Horta is a silicon-based lifeform.
Tom cancelled at the last minute.
I won't accept no for an answer.
I will not accept no for an answer.
I've never seen Tom act like that.
Could you please move over to make some room?
Why do you care so much about what Tom thinks?
How about a bottle of champagne?
Did you see her stare at that young man?
Tom introduced himself to the rest of the class.
We became fast friends.
In the book, Hort Town is a rough place where drug use is common.
Tom canceled at the last minute.
She began to blush.
I've never seen Tom do anything like that before.
He began to blush.
The chicken was wonderful.
The chicken was delicious.
The princess removed her gloves.
I worshipped the idols.
I would proudly carry the title of nerd.
Accept your nerdhood. Be proud of your nerdhood!
A wonderful view, isn't it?
Many Deaf people dislike being thought of as "disabled".
The word takes on a somewhat different meaning when capitalized.
Buying costs less than asking.
I'm going to have a drink with my friends.
Thanks for the effort.
Will you be home for dinner?
I have to start.
Down Halloween Road from the mansion to the corner store, it takes about minutes to walk.
"Psalms are boring" said the girl.
Our denomination practices exclusive psalmody in worship.
She did understand everything.
My aunt wrote me a letter last week.
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.
So, if I were gay, would it be a crime?
Tom hatched a deadly plan.
Tom confessed everything to the polygrapher.
Down Halloween Road, it's quite dark.
Tom wanted to find out more about Mary's childhood.
Tom found that very hard to accept.
Tom didn't take the threat seriously.
Tom made a terrifying threat against Mary.
Tom wanted to break Mary and her boyfriend apart.
Tom came down the steps followed by Mary.
Tom found Mary's glasses on the floor.
Tom and Mary were both dead.
Tom ransacked Mary's house.
Tom was on the run.
Tom paid a surprise visit to Mary.
The Web is part of the new economy that older people don't understand.
Their country is a puppet of a Western power.
I prefer soft drinks without sugar.
Mary wanted from Tom more than he could provide.
Tom instantly fell in love with Mary.
Tom met Mary in 1972.
Tom had a nice place to live.
Tom was dumping trash.
Curiosity got the better of Tom.
Most people have ups and downs in their marriages.
Tom pushed Mary too hard.
Mary turned to prostitution.
Tom associated with known criminals.
Tom was involved in serious crime.
Tom fell for Mary's charms.
Tom wasn't a very good decision-maker.
Tom's father was very well-off.
Tom was the lead suspect.
Tom's family was torn apart.
Tom wanted to help Mary out.
Tom recovered some property from his ex-wife.
Tom's father was a drinker.
Tom started stealing money.
Things got bad for Tom.
Tom always took care of Mary.
Tom and Mary went out for dinner.
Tom came to live with Mary.
That would prove easier said than done.
Tom did his best to comfort Mary.
Tom spent the afternoon with his father.
Tom went home alone.
There is only one way to be sure.
I was inclined to believe Tom.
Tom had an alibi for the day of Mary's murder.
Tom received a call from Mary.
Tom agreed to hand over his gun to the police.
Tom went looking for Mary.
Tom knew who the mugger was.
Why did Tom kill Mary?
Tom wanted the money.
Tom promised Mary 30% of whatever his inheritance was going to be.
Tom was a known drug addict.
Tom was more than willing to cooperate with the police.
The police questioned Tom again.
Tom asked one of his friends for a favor.
Tom was arrested later that morning.
Tom got to do something.
Tom did as promised.
Tom tried and failed.
Tom was taken into custody.
Tom was a self-made millionaire.
Tom masterminded his father's death.
Tom didn't act alone.
Tom offered Mary a third of his inheritance.
Tom talked to Mary about the robbery.
Tom considered Mary a piece of garbage.
Tom served years for second degree murder.
Tom's trial is scheduled to begin this November.
Tom hired a man to kill Mary.
Tom was prepared to go to trial.
Tom was Mary's alleged accomplice.
Tom offered Mary a deal and she took it.
What drove Tom to kill Mary?
Tom killed Mary for money.
Mary kept screaming.
Tom grew up in a happy family.
Mary gave birth to a boy she named Tom.
Mary was three months pregnant when she and Tom got married.
Mary was trying to get pregnant.
Tom and Mary moved in together last month.
Tom's and Mary's relationship continued to deteriorate.
Tom accused Mary of not being home enough.
Tom lost his best friend.
Tom's and Mary's marriage showed signs of trouble.
Over time, things only got worse.
Tom wanted to do everything the right way.
Tom was well aware of Mary's domestic problems.
Could it have been Tom? Possibly.
Tom had a very strong alibi for the night of the murder.
Tom is not convinced that Mary is entirely innocent.
Someone knocked on Tom's door.
Tom is wearing a baseball cap.
The man walked similar to Tom.
Tom isn't as innocent as he tries to make himself look.
Tom tried to disguise his handwriting.
Tom immediately went to Mary's place.
Tom was pretty close with his parents.
Tom didn't make a move without consulting his parents.
Mary kept Tom from seeing his child.
Mary refused to allow Tom to see his daughter.
Mary denied Tom to visit his daughter.
Tom wanted Mary out of his life.
Tom denied any involvement in the killing.
Tom worked as a carpenter in Boston, Massachusetts.
Tom followed Mary with a hidden camera.
Tom was lying about that.
Tom was on a beach somewhere in Florida.
Tom was shocked to learn that the DNA was Mary's.
Tom took a closer look at the picture.
Tom murdered his son-in-law.
Tom peered out of the window.
Tom was also arrested.
Tom was involved in the planning of the robbery.
What a wonderful father Tom was.
Tom was just three years old when his mother died.
Tom suffered an overwhelming loss with the death of his mother.
To be honest with you, Tom is an unfaithful husband.
Tom finally confessed to the killing.
Tom knew that he was dying.
Tom was molesting his ten-year daughter, Mary.
Tom contacted the authorities.
Tom was horrified by the accusations.
Tom's health has improved dramatically.
Tom was a victim of molestation as a child.
It's Tom's responsibility to protect his children.
Tom has been through chemotherapy and radiation treatment.
Tom didn't know that he had terminal cancer.
Tom was threatened with life imprisonment.
Tom believed that Mary was personally responsible for the death of his father.
Tom didn't remember what had happened.
Tom thought he had outsmarted everybody.
Tom orchestrated all of this.
Tom showed no reaction to the verdict.
Tom should be given the death penalty.
Tom was sent off to prison.
It's very important for Tom to visit his father's grave.
Tom felt tremendous guilt.
Tom was convinced he could have somehow prevented his father's death.
Tom misses everything about Mary.
Tom had intense feelings for Mary.
Tom said he was ready to face a tough challenge.
Tom's ordeal was far from over.
Tom's future remains uncertain.
Tom will get out of prison in three years.
Tom was released from prison in 2003.
Something else was cooking in the kitchen.
Tom spent the day shopping for the trip.
You need to tell me what happened.
Tom arrived minutes later.
Tom became convinced that Mary no longer loved him.
Tom was born in a tiny town in Alabama.
Tom was a much-feared police officer.
There was nothing Tom could do about it.
Tom would come home late at night, completely drunk.
Tom was a sadistic father.
Tom was abused far more than the rest of his brothers and sisters.
There was nobody else to protect and love Tom.
Tom spent long hours in the woods.
Tom needed to feel safe.
Tom suffered abuse.
Tom adored his mother.
Tom's father was a cruel man.
Tom grew into a handsome teenager.
Tom wanted to be like his brother, Ken.
Tom and Mary became inseperable.
Tom loved his sister.
Tom loved his brother but he envied him, too.
After school, their lives diverged.
Tom moved to Boston to become a nurse.
Tom was only interested in sex and booze.
Tom left his wife and children behind.
Tom didn't follow the rules.
Tom had sex with a lot of different women.
Tom set up his own practice in Boston.
Tom was small in stature.
Tom's practice soon took off.
Tom was making about a million dollars a year.
Tom bought Mary a fur coat.
Tom had plenty of money to burn.
Tom had the life of his dreams.
Tom gave Mary the stability that she had never had.
Tom was going to have surgery in September.
Tom and Mary's marriage began to fall apart.
Tom drank and drank until he passed out.
Tom had a very foul mouth.
Tom approved of his wife's extra-marital affair.
Tom was not at all ashamed of his extra-marital affair.
Tom was increasingly isolated of his circle of friends.
Tom began attending AA meetings regularly.
Tom was addicted to sex.
Mary became very flirtatious.
Tom remained miserable in his marriage.
Tom was very sympathetic to Mary.
Tom kept in touch with Mary.
Tom was dirty and stank to high heaven.
Tom and Ken were best friends living opposite lives.
That's why Tom was hated.
Tom no longer wished to be married.
Tom was just kidding.
Tom continued to live a simple life in Boston.
Tom loved to help people.
Tom was a good Samaritan.
Tom was a church-going man.
Tom patiently listened to Mary.
Tom called Mary continuously.
Tom developed an infatuation with Mary.
Tom was having a good day in his new home.
Tom had no income then.
Tom was in a local bar.
Tom started bragging about his new car.
Tom and Mary were planning to have a second honeymoon.
Tom and Mary still liked each other.
Tom and Mary talked about the trip.
Tom and Mary wanted to fix their marriage.
Tom was a handsome and kind man.
Tom would do anything for his sister, Mary.
Tom was at an AA meeting.
Tom heard a noise from upstairs.
Tom came upstairs.
Tom pulled out a knife and threatened Mary.
Tom kept a penknife in his pocket.
Tom drove home at 2:30.
Tom came right away.
Tom took nothing of value from Mary's room.
Tom took a look at the pictures.
What Tom did wasn't illegal.
Tom inherited a considerable amount of money.
Tom was a greedy man.
Tom agreed to make a confession.
Tom broke down and told the police everything.
Tom began confessing.
Tom was ready to sing.
Tom was intimate with Mary.
Tom formulated a plan to steal Mary's safe.
Tom drove to the mall.
Tom and Mary were tried separately.
Tom's trial was moved to Boston, Massachusetts.
Tom had to defend his reputation.
Tom denied having a relationship with Mary.
Tom was convicted of arranging the murder of his wife.
Tom was spared death and sentenced to life in prison.
Tom had a pious reputation.
Tom revealed the most intimate details of his relationship with Mary.
Tom was raised by his grandfather.
Tom doesn't regret what he did.
Tom doesn't want to live in fear.
Tom was a county sheriff.
Tom was the most influential person in town.
Tom is a former truck driver.
Tom had a reputation of being very violent.
Tom excelled in his studies.
Tom didn't want Mary to be in trouble.
Three weeks went by with no sign of Tom.
Tom claimed that his father had raped him on multiple occasions.
Tom drank all evening.
Tom claimed that he had witnessed a murder.
Tom alerted police.
Tom brought Mary back to Boston.
Police pressed Tom to talk.
Tom gave a voluntary confession.
Tom went to shop with Mary.
Tom desperately needed that.
Tom was an expert in domestic abuse.
Tom was very abusive towards his children.
Tom was subject to physical and emotional abuse.
Tom struggled with drug addiction.
Tom moved out of his father's house.
Tom never spent a night at Mary's house.
Tom would slap Mary for any reason.
Tom would punch and kick his son for any reason.
Tom became too ill to manage the store.
Mary was a controlled wife.
Tom sent his daughter to her aunt Mary.
Tom came back with a shotgun.
Tom was too well connected.
Tom talked about killing his father.
Tom denied any knowledge of that.
The relationship of incest and abuse that existed between Tom and Mary resumed.
Tom came to live with Mary in the trailer.
Life under Tom's roof was unbearable.
Tom kept beating Mary.
Tom's life was about to change forever.
Tom graduated from college in 2003.
Tom received a brutal beating from his father.
Tom had dinner with his grandfather.
Tom waited for Mary to go to bed.
Tom cleaned his guns.
Tom agreed to participate in the robbery.
Tom changed into military attire.
Tom left Mary in the kitchen.
Tom crawled silently into Mary's room.
Tom was already dead.
Tom dug a deep hole in the garden.
Tom left town on his own.
Tom learned about Mary's death later that morning.
Tom noticed another detail.
Tom immediately drove to pick up Mary from school.
Tom gave his account of the murder to police.
Tom was tied with a yellow nylon rope.
Tom stood trial for armed robbery.
Tom buried Mary right beside his house.
Tom's blood pressure dropped to a dangerous level.
Tom was loaded into an ambulance.
Tom's trial commenced three days later.
Tom committed multiple acts of violence.
Tom tearfully recalled how his father savagely had beaten his mother.
Tom gave police a firsthand account of what had happened.
Tom never reported that to the authorities.
Tom and Ken have never been close friends.
Tom paid little attention to that detail.
Tom felt great relief after the verdict was read.
Tom felt he had no other choice than to confess to police.
Tom didn't pull the trigger.
Tom got life for shooting Mary.
I don't think justice was done in this case.
Tom tried to put the incident behind him.
Tom maintained that he had no regrets for killing Mary.
This never crosses my mind.
Tom disappeared in 2003.
Tom planned to go to Boston.
Tom was head over heels for Mary.
Tom was excited about the trip to Boston.
Tom was good with people.
Tom snuggled down in his bed.
Tom headed to work.
Tom's shift starts at midnight.
Tom didn't show up for his midnight shift.
Tom was eager to begin his vacation.
Tom was playing in the backyard.
Tom left Mary a message on her answering machine.
It's not like Tom to be late without calling.
Tom kept calling Mary.
Tom began to worry.
Tom clocked out at 2:30.
Tom continued his relationship with that married woman.
Tom didn't approve of his daughter seeing a married man.
Tom visited Mary in her Boston home.
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans together.
Tom and Mary wanted to be together.
Tom gave the money back to Mary.
Tom worked so hard for that money.
Tom paid the money back.
Tom asked Mary if she was home.
Tom will be back in the afternoon.
Tom is out for lunch.
Tom picked up but didn't talk.
This was very unlike Tom.
Tom called Mary names to her face.
Tom reported his sister missing.
Tom had a conversation with Mary.
Tom clung to the hope that Mary would call again.
Tom returned from a week in Boston.
Tom searched Mary's room.
Tom made it very clear that he wanted his money back as soon as possible.
Tom was very quiet about this.
Tom recalls how happy Mary was.
Tom drove to work.
Tom dropped Mary off at a hotel.
Tom was a credible witness.
Tom and Mary have never been close friends.
Tom wanted to be like his brother, John.
Eat more slowly.
We would like to live in this village and study the Kadazan language.
How long have you been studying the Kadazan language?
Do you think it difficult to speak Kadazan?
I understand, but I don't know how to answer in Kadazan language.
Ignoring the significance of Tagalog isn't wise.
Is your prepuce like a vagina?
Do you feel you're a woman in a man's body?
Why do you always try to appease women? Do you feel guilty?
You don't like your own propaganda.
You know I'm much smarter than you.
Your propaganda is so amateur, as I'm an expert in psychology.
Your prepuce really bothers you. You think it's feminine.
I know my English isn't feminine.
You know English isn't necessarily feminine.
"3.14" written in English is written as "3,14" in Turkish and French. It is read as "three point one four" in English and "three comma fourteen" in Turkish and French.
The mathematical constant Pi to decimal places is "3.14159."
Do you think Santa exists?
Your sentences were like a green meadow in winter.
I think it's nobody's fault.
Don't bother me anymore.
To change the flag, click on the flag icon and choose the correct language.
To change the flag, click on the flag icon.
To edit a sentence, click on the pencil icon.
To adopt a sentence, click on the white person icon.
To release a sentence, click on the black person icon.
To add a sentence to your list of favorites, click on the white heart icon.
To remove a sentence from your list of favorites, click on the black heart icon.
I have sores in my mouth that make it hard for me to eat.
The Swiss keyboard contains no sharp S.
He passed away five years ago.
I'll be done in five minutes.
I met him in a bar.
My best friend walked by and totally ignored me.
She completely ignored me.
"What day of the week is it?" "It's Wednesday."
Your eyesight's gonna be ruined if all you do is play games.
I think it will be fine if you call back.
This example sentence was deleted.
Usually, when I watch movies, I eat popcorn and drink cola. But, next time, I'm going to eat candy.
I don't know what happens in the movie, but my friend said it was interesting.
Afterwards I'm gonna watch a movie with a friend.
Afterwards I'm gonna watch a movie with my friends.
Haven't you ever had a personal relationship turn sour?
Korean is a puzzling language to learn, isn't it?
This is something anyone can do.
You should go in the house.
I never thought Tom would make it out of prison after such a long time.
I don't want to remain here.
I'll leave it to you.
I was writing a letter.
Dinner was expensive.
I have a feeling that I've been here before.
I hate black humor.
Tom is last in line.
At school we get a new textbook every month.
We were learning English.
We learned English together.
Tom has a pollen allergy.
You guys give my life meaning.
Without you guys, my life would have no meaning.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.
He's from a foreign country.
He just got here.
If he's going, I'm going too.
He ate breakfast alone.
This apartment is too big for one person.
I want to go to Britain.
The hotel is full of foreigners.
The hotel has a lot of foreign guests.
They're studying to get into college.
There wasn't really anything I wanted to say.
Stop bullying me!
Quit your bullying!
The party won't start until he shows up.
It's getting to be time for me to head back.
I should go home soon.
My bed is much comfier than yours.
Please write your date of birth here.
She's a talented singer.
I ran in the direction of the sun.
What's your favorite dish for dinner?
Do you happen to think that I'm your puppet?
Tom is on break.
Tom already went home, but Mary is still here.
He ignored his mother's advice.
The English sentence has been changed. Make sure that this translation still matches.
"How did you break in without any lockpicks?" "The bathroom window was open."
I will lecture on literature.
We will consider the problem from a different angle.
Will tomorrow's breakfast be bread, or rice?
Import restrictions have been greatly loosened of late.
They have already finished that job.
Her request never reached me.
Her request never reached its intended recipient.
She forgot about me in her anger.
I will battle with illness.
It's strange, but the door opened on its own.
He is relaxing in his home.
He protected his country from foreign invaders.
He said he would lend me money.
He was raised by his grandmother.
He went to run errands.
He's gotten old, too.
He may own a lot of books but there's not an intelligent bone in his body.
He was the only one in the room.
He really cares for his parents.
He came at an inopportune time.
It says in the program that he's playing Romeo.
He made to settle down in the suburbs of London.
On top of everything else, he added that he was hungry.
He's just as industrious as any other student when he's in class.
What's more, he's started walking.
He said he's been there before.
He didn't give any intimation about that.
He is researching the problem.
The words he said don't apply in this situation.
His mother is ill, and is resting.
He drinks far too much beer.
Tom spends a lot of time at the office.
He always makes sure to come on time.
What he said doesn't apply in this situation.
I can touch the ceiling.
He can touch the ceiling.
The outcries of the angels go unheard by ordinary human ears.
It would be reasonable for him to reject that proposal.
It's obvious what he's trying to do.
Our throats are becoming dry, standing beneath the sun like this, without even a tree for shade.
Someone stole her money.
Someone's dog disappeared.
He said it out loud.
The trains weren't running due to the snowfall.
My dad is complaining; he's been constantly busy since last week.
It was last week.
Early to bed, early to rise.
I'll look up the vocabulary in the dictionary.
"What day is it?" "It's Wednesday."
He's got pneumonia no wonder he is coughing nonstop.
She got hepatitis no wonder she is losing so much weight.
I would like to but I have a required course tonight.
Tom isn't indispensable.
But there's very little time left.
I tried to open the hatch but it was not to be. The lock was rusty all over, I pulled the handle and it came off.
Whimper all you want, nobody will do this for you anyway. Don't even hope
A car, you say! He can't even afford to buy a sack of onions.
Just yesterday I told that dope about everything, and today he's playing his old tricks again! What's wrong with him?
Explain it to him all you like—he was always a fool and will be one forever.
He did get it done but as always, he did it ass-backwards.
She's beautiful, that's true—but once she opens her mouth, you'll only want to get away!
My dog's name is Belysh. This summer I taught him to put out his paw. Every morning I wake up early and feed him. Then we go for a walk. He defends me from other dogs. When I go bike riding, he runs beside me. He has a friend, her name is Chernyshka. He likes playing with her. Belysh is a very kind and clever dog.
I don't use Facebook.
The users of Tatoeba are called Tatoebians.
I'm going to find and burn your fucking children!
A bunch of niggers passed your mother round for a two day's crust of bread.
He quoted a passage from the Bible.
Why are you sleeping in a place like this?
There's a dictionary on top of the desk.
I might seem strong, but in actuality I am anything but.
I used to prefer black tea to coffee, but recently I've been drinking a good amount of both.
There's a dictionary on the desk.
I almost collided with Thomas.
The pun is unfortunately untranslatable.
They wanted to die because they didn't manage to please their parents.
Tom's work is nowhere near complete.
I have nowhere near enough money to buy a house.
The movie was nowhere near as bad as Mary said it was.
The actor is nowhere near as popular as he used to be.
Do you fancy anyone?
Can you ice skate?
Are you any good at ice skating?
Have you and Tom ever gone ice skating together?
Tom bought a new pair of ice skates.
Are you good at ice skating?
Do you own a pair of ice skates?
Who taught you how to skate?
Which do you enjoy more, ice skating or roller skating?
I'm a bit of an open book.
"Doesn't that smell fantastic?" "Yeah!"
I'm tired, so I'm gonna go to sleep.
You're sleepy, so go to bed.
I'm really tired, so I'm going to go to bed early tonight.
I'll be this October.
I'm turning thirty this October.
Have you experienced a Japanese summer?
There once was a tiny sprite, much loved by children. She would frolic with the birds and the beasts in the forest, and sing songs, or play her flute; sometimes, she would visit the village, where the humans lived, and cavort with her favorite boys and girls.
One morning, as the fox cub was making to leave the den, she suddenly called out "Ah!" and ran tripping and tumbling back to her mother, a paw pressed over one eye. "Mommy, something's got into my eye! Get it out, get it out!"
"Do you know anything about Galileo Galilei?" "I've heard the name before, but what was it that he did?"
Oh dear, it's raining, and I've already hung the laundry out to dry; what shall I do?
Sorry, I'm a bit drunk, so I may be saying ridiculous things.
I have to memorize these hunded English vocabulary words by tomorrow, but I wonder if there's any possible way.
Oops, my fault. It's yen, not euros.
The fibonacci sequence makes numerous appearances throughout the natural world.
Gosh, I'm years old now. Isn't that horrible? Rounding up, I'm 30!
Couldn't your translation be a little more faithful to the Japanese?
Most graduates of the Department of Science proceed to a master's program, and roughly half of those continue on to their PhD.
Hey, I just had a good idea.
You're not a kid anymore, you can take care of yourself.
What was your first impression of me?
How do you read the last word on the third line?
I'm sorry. I overestimated my abilities.
I've been to Boston numerous times.
"What do you want for breakfast tomorrow? Bread? Rice?" "Either one is fine."
What was your primary focus while you were in college?
"Mom, do you know where the thermometer is?" "It's not in the usual place?" "Yeah, I checked."
You're still up? Isn't tomorrow also an early day for you?
Apparently it's going to be scorching from Friday on.
Hold up, what do you think you're doing?
The men's restrooms are located on floors and 3.
Do you have any plans to come back to Boston?
How old were you when you left Australia?
Do you have an age by which you want to get married?
"Do you hate me?" "No." "So do you love me?" "Why are you asking?"
Nothing makes me happier than eating good food.
People born in January, February, and March, please gather over here.
Do you have any other hotels you would recommend?
I went and bought some cream puffs. Do you want any?
What are you doing in a freezing place like this?
"You don't like alcohol?" "No, I like drinking, I just have terrible tolerance."
I heard a great cakery just opened near the station.
Don't you think elementary schoolers are taller these days?
I feel like I finally have some understanding of how Tom felt in that moment.
Why are you always so damn proud of yourself?
Why am I always the one who has to suffer?
What the heck is the point of eyebrows anyway?
"So, yesterday I went and met up with that guy I met on the internet." "That Tom guy you're always talking about?" "Yeah, that guy." "Well, how was it?" "He wasn't as attractive as I had hoped."
Pain, pain, go away.
Rain, rain, go away. Come again another day.
The weather is bad and it's the day before payday, so I won't go out today.
What do you think I should wear for my date tomorrow?
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?
We were glad to hear that he got back safely.
What's your favorite painting medium?
I like watercolors more than pastels.
I would like to see how much time went by between the orders.
Mary confessed to murdering Tom and Jerry.
Do you know where Lesser Britain is?
Mom, hurry up! Everyone's waiting.
I should put on more clothes.
It's eight-thirty.
It's 8:30.
Tom is driving a Toyota.
If you need anything, just give me a holler.
If I understood you right you want to break up with me!
Mommy is not home at the moment.
Come and dance with me!
George's sister made some sandwiches for me.
Tom couldn't help her.
Tom couldn't help him.
I do like fish.
France is a Western European country.
Mary is ugly.
Are you friend or foe?
Damn! I forgot to buy rice.
The diamond appears genuine.
Did they take the wrong bus again?
Please, don't do it.
Have you ever tried to learn another language?
Which one is better: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows or Windows 10?
Serbia borders Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Bosnia, and Montenegro.
Is that Mrs. Kent?
Where will you be on January 1st, 2016?
Tom is ugly.
I've bought some cream puffs. Do you want one?
I've never seen her act like that.
I've never seen my cat act like that.
I shouldn't have brought this up.
I shouldn't have brought this up. I'm sorry.
I was in awe of Tom's courage.
I live in New Zealand.
I would like some peace and quiet.
Alright, see you then.
Where are you going on Monday?
Tom failed to impress the young lady.
Tom tried to impress the young lady.
It doesn't matter whose fault it is.
Mary jabbed Tom in the ribs.
I'm gonna call the police!
God knows what he was thinking.
Tom bought a bottle of balsamic vinegar in Modena.
A lot of people are hypocritical.
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.
Mary kissed the young man on the cheek.
Mary seemed reluctant to join the class.
Tom's colleague has just received another prize for his research.
The winner of the science prize has decided to give the prize money to charity.
Tom's desk was so untidy that the cleaner refused to clean the room.
It's a reflection of our society.
The receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly.
All drugs of addiction increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
The baby was crying to be fed.
It's important to have an off-site backup of all the data on your computer.
As an overweight woman, Mary has experienced many incidents of people judging her based on her size.
What was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid?
The doctor told me not to eat too much.
What answer did you come up with for question three?
Is that scientifically proven?
Would you chew your food more, please?
Please fill out this application form.
There's nothing I wish for more than this.
We followed the tracks left by the deer.
The sun is bright today.
I will go to buy the meat for the stew.
Since when has Jorge been studying Portuguese?
I've gotta go up and perform now.
This is where my dad works.
What do you do to celebrate your birthday?
I finished that work up all on my own.
My mother wouldn't stop crying.
There isn't a person on the street.
He'll probably come over here if you call out to him.
Computers didn't yet exist around that time.
I've already eaten all my lunch!
There were cracks in the cup so the drink leaked out.
When I bumped into Tom yesterday, he looked pretty worn out.
You should do it like this.
You should have told me that yesterday!
Someone who is carefree easily changes their tune.
Victory may seem impossible, but actually it is not.
Tom read a book under a tree.
There was a mist upon the highway.
Are we being chased?
Tom stopped taking his medicine.
It's snowing this winter even more so than last.
Tom didn't speak a word all night long.
Ram and Sita were very fond of Hanuman.
Tom has a lot of enemies.
That auditorium holds two thousand people.
A beautiful face is half of the dowry.
Tell him you love him before it's too late!
She couldn't come because she was busy.
She couldn't come because of an illness.
You are repulsive.
You are funny.
I think they are a competent person.
You are impatient.
When I got home, I noticed that my wallet was missing.
I had forgotten that my short-term memory is terrible.
I think that she's an honest woman.
I was relieved when I heard the message.
Wolves usually don't attack people.
Your way of thinking intrigues me.
It is bounded to the north by Lebanon, the northest by Syria, the east by Jordan and the West Bank, and to the southwest by Egypt.
The beach is the ideal place to play for the children.
I didn't know you felt so bad.
Next time I will celebrate my sixteenth birthday.
I couldn't come to his birthday party.
I held on to the rope firmly so as not to fall.
I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.
I translated the poem as well as I could.
When I was a child, I always went to the sea to swim.
She helped the elderly man cross the road.
He couldn't believe her story.
I'm surprised that you have won that prize.
I find it difficult to express my thoughts with words.
A book about dancing is lying on the desk.
I will shed light on that incident.
I will tell you about the case.
Many people admire Nikko.
As a child I was always very excited the day before a school trip and couldn't sleep.
He probably meant that people only go to demonstrations to show themselves and not to protest.
So you didn't see her yesterday by chance?
Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
You as well, child.
And I saw the new heaven and the new earth.
Everything flows and nothing stays still.
Sea, fire, and woman, three disasters.
God always measures.
Money is for people the cause of many disasters.
Tom was trampled by a wild hippopotamus.
Let's play Mario Bros.
Why do you want to buy it for him?
Wait a minute! Whose hair is this?!
"Do you have a Facebook account?" "Yeah, just in case. But for the most part I don't use it."
There's no reason to feel embarrassed. Your pronunciation is generally correct.
I'm so busy laughing and crying every day I don't have time to study.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process files.
I look forward to speaking with you again.
Just let me get my thoughts in order.
It's been a long time since we last spoke, hasn't it?
"It's been a while since I've seen milk in a bottle." "Me too. I somehow feel its nicer than milk in a paper carton, don't you?" "I was thinking the same thing."
"Sorry. Was that a weird thing to ask?" "No, no. It's not that." "Well, how come you won't answer?"
Be sure to eat right and have lots of liquids. I hope you get well soon!
I've forgotten my textbook today. Would you mind sharing yours?
Due to a technical malfunction, this train's service will be henceforth discontinued.
I haven't slept in two days.
Stop frowning!
New Zealand is known as "The Shaky Isles" because of its location on the margin of two colliding tectonic plates.
Earthquakes are very common in New Zealand, with up to 14,being recorded each year, of which less than are actually felt.
Schoolchildren in New Zealand regularly undertake earthquake drills.
I've always wanted to see London.
Anyone whose comfort level depends on what someone else is wearing really needs to take a long, hard look at themselves.
Police are urging people not to pick up hitchhikers as they search for two prisoners on the run after escaping from jail.
The sect members looked adoringly at their guru, and hung on every word that came out of his mouth.
Some know that science fantasy is different from science fiction.
There's much to learn about Shinto.
There's much to learn about Shintō.
Dora wants to learn about Dào.
Dora wants to learn about Dao.
Because the English language has so much technical literature, it may be considered a very masculine language.
The ancient Gnostics believed that this material world was inherently evil.
The ancient Gnostics believed that this material world was innately malevolent.
Filipinos should write more about science in Filipino.
Science fact, you might know, is different from science fiction.
The factual world is often weirder than the fictional world.
Don't just despair and lose all hope for humankind! Try to help out!
Every year, I try to celebrate Halloween many days, or even weeks, before the actual day.
I've read that authors have difficulty making money. They have to be lucky in the business!
Publishers often reject very good manuscripts from expert authors.
Self-publishing is much easier now in the age of the Web.
Imagine all the good unpublished books from rejected manuscripts!
Self-publishing is a way to talk to the public.
I know that you will learn a lot.
I love fish.
It's cold in my city, Varsovia.
Your religion promotes laziness.
Your religion promotes indolence.
Work ethics are different in each culture.
I'm dying to know what's inside.
I wonder what's inside the box.
I wonder what goes on inside his head?
I wonder what goes on inside Tom's head.
I can't bear the thought of being away from you.
Tom got his teeth whitened.
I've heard that there's a new cake shop near the station that makes delicious cakes.
Tom checked his cellphone for messages.
I wonder what goes on inside her head.
If it's too good to be true, it's probably not true.
If it sounds too good to be true, it's probably not true.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably isn't.
Tom and I chatted for a while.
A tear ran down Tom's cheek.
"I've got a bit of interest in learning French, but isn't it hard?" "Not at all. It's times easier than English!" "Really?" "Well, at least to me it is." "That's because you're native though"
What use does economics have?
What do I gotta do to find a job that will suit me?
What should I do to find a suitable job for myself?
If you receive this mail, send it on to another people within hours or else bad luck befalls you.
I wonder what I need to do to find a job.
Can you help me find a good job?
I'd like to find a job that I enjoy doing.
I don't think I'm the kind of person you could say looks cute or has an adorable voice.
You're in awfully good spirits today, aren't you? Did something good happen?
Thanks for loving a fool like me.
May I use that?
Is it OK if I use that?
Tom has already gone home, but Mary is still here.
Have a snack.
This is the worst! I've gone and washed my pants with tissues still in the pocket.
No matter what may happen, you mustn't forget your smile.
Who needs friends! They'll just betray you in the end.
No matter what happens, don't forget to smile.
Lately I've had the feeling there has been someone following me constantly.
"Let's speak in French" "I can't be stuffed."
Up to what volume of Naruto comics do you own?
Even I don't understand why I like Tom this much.
The language is music to my tongue.
Is there anything you've been particularly interested in lately?
Could you explain a bit easier for me to understand?
Please store in a cool and dry place, out of direct sunlight.
I can not do all of this.
I don't think anyone can understand self-harm, unless they do it themselves.
Tom exchanged greetings by giving his business card.
Today's meeting has been cancelled.
He's a hero.
How did you get injured?
What caused these injuries?
How did you get hurt so badly?
My computer won't boot up.
My computer no longer boots up.
This company focuses on fast moving consumer goods.
I've attained a native speaker's fluency in English but girls don't put out for me anyway.
In the digital era, broken clocks are not right twice a day. They're just rubbish.
At some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "What the fuck is this?"
I do not want to come.
In the summer I like to swim naked in the pond.
Someone in this room needs a good deodorant.
He began to insult me in all languages.
"Taxi, follow that car!" "I can't, it's illegal."
Your opponents are an illusion. There are no distinct entities of "us" versus "them."
Your insolence comes from your messianic complex.
Try rewarding yourself and not relying on others for reward.
Without proper radiation protection, humans can't venture out in deep space.
Magnetic fields on Mars sprout like mushrooms in its southern hemisphere.
Your generation didn't understand sexuality.
Your generation thought sexuality was taboo.
Do you believe in the Kinsey scale?
Your money isn't backed by gold or some other valuable substance.
Your money is like a ghost, living in a centralized computer.
Using cash makes you think money is truly substantial.
You like to feel cash with your fingers, so you think money's more real.
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the great deserts of Australia?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Andes?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the jungles of Amazon?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Arctic Eskimo lands?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Madagascar?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Aotearoa?
We strive for perfection in our products. In the rare case that there is breakage, staining or the order is incorrect, please contact us within seven days of the product's arrival.
Tom is absent due to poor health.
Once upon a time, in a place far away, lived an old man and an old lady.
"Why didn't you bring an umbrella?" "It was such good weather this morning!"
What is a man without ideals?
Why did you stop updating your blog? I always looked forward to reading it.
Life has a loneliness one cannot truly understand until reaching old age.
"I can count from to in French now." "Wow, that's great. How about counting backwards from to 1?" "No, that's still impossible for me."
"Let's get married when we're older!" "Yeah!"
The changing of the seasons have a tendency to affect our health, so take care.
How can I get taller?
Nothing rivals his racehorse etching.
Don't leave me out in the cold, come on.
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Pacific islands?
Is your religion relevant on Mars?
Is your religion relevant throughout the whole Solar System?
Taking care of a dog seems difficult. Aren't there times you want to just abandon them?
He himself says he's completely hopeless, but as someone with an intermediate level skill, he will probably be fine.
Is this the Oosakayaki I hear about?
Of course he hoped for success. But in reality it turned out to be no good at all.
I recently started teaching at a cram school. Mainly I tutor maths and English to students individually.
Which is creepier, a talking teddy bear or a talking doll?
I have an Ecuadorian friend.
A pig will wallow in the mud in order to cool down.
Did you buy cat food?
Hello! Can you hear me?
Is that a veiled threat?
"That was a strange dream." "What happened?"
"Is Tom about?" "He's not here!"
"Did you just say something?" "No, I didn't say anything."
"What're you making?" "It's pumpkin soup."
"Hey, Tom." "What is it" "Oh actually, never mind."
"I'm sorry." "You think you can get away with it just by saying sorry!?"
"I'll come again." "Yeah, I look forward to it."
"Sorry to be so rude, but how old are you?" "I'm 30."
What did I do to deserve that?
I wonder if translating it as "I love you" is taking too much of a liberty.
"Good morning. The snow is piled up outside." "Really!?"
I thought you would love it.
Who doesn't do that?
She frowned.
She grimaced.
"Tom, what's your dream for the future?" "I want to become a stay-at-home dad."
Norway surprised me.
"Man, this luggage is heavy!" "Just think of it as weight training."
"Did you see yesterday's soccer game?" "Of course I did!"
I see my reflection in the window.
"I got you a present, here you go." "What, for me?! Thank you!"
My older sister is a very talented singer.
"Why do you hate me so much?" "Because you are a brute!"
"Tom! Oh how I've missed you." "Me too. At last we meet again."
The air conditioner is broken.
"I can't find Tom." "Try ringing him."
"Shall I carry your bags?" "I'm good, thank you."
Some women don't prefer information, which they may think is just boring, and do prefer to rely on intuition, in which they may not be proficient.
"If you're not feeling good today you should stay home" "No, no. I'll be fine."
"Tom has gotten me to do some pretty tedious work." "Again?"
"Tom! Where are you?" "I'm here!" "But where is here?"
"Will you be eating in?" "No, I'll have it takeaway."
"I never thought Tom would win." "Me neither."
"Ahhhh!" "What's with you all a sudden?" "Something fell."
"So, are you really dating Tom?" "What? Who'd you hear that from?"
"Why didn't you turn the lights on?" "I just couldn't be bothered."
"Is this clock on time?" "It should be. It gets set automatically."
Most people have something to complain about their housing conditions.
As you won't live forever, of course, your housing accommodations are impermanent.
As women are full of holes, many of them tend to think of themselves as victims.
About half of India is illiterate, and their literacy often isn't about English, so many are not becoming Westernized.
The double helix that encodes our genome is an elegant structure.
Nobody knows the original language of their holy writings.
Many Buddhists don't really need anything to read.
Without knowing the original language of the holy writings, how can you rely on your interpretations about them?
The holy writings come from desert people.
There were puns in the holy writings, and they got lost in translation.
Can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings?
Knowing which was the original language of your holy writings is important.
Some Buddhists try to crack the logic of words or try not to use words at all.
Judaism is more like Christianity than it is like Buddhism.
There is a Buddhist Revival movement in India, which is heavily Hindu.
India was Hindu, then it became Buddhist, then it became Hindu again, as Hinduism reabsorbed Buddhism.
"Have you been here before?" "Nah, this is my first time."
"What's this shop?" "Should we go in and have a look?" "OK."
Love is nothing more than a temporary hormone imbalance.
This is the first time I've seen anything like this.
You don't like chocolate anyway, right?
Mary had twenty-one knife stabs in her body.
The Spanish word "langosta" can mean either "lobster" or "locust".
Your penis is big.
They have big penises.
Your penis is small.
Not all eccentricity is mental illness.
I got to sleep late.
The official languages of the UN are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish.
She felt poorly.
Alan likes porn.
It's all right!
I assume that boy who looks so much like you is your brother.
Manon is not like the other girls.
You've blocked me on Facebook, and now you suddenly disappear.
He told me that his father had passed away.
I love Russia.
Yesterday I read an article about acid rain.
Life is a magnificent gown full of lice.
I especially like the smell of lilacs.
The important thing is that we are together.
Sometimes I fall, but I never give up.
The government listens to the people in the end.
She asked me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
You are my only hope.
The soldier had a leg injury and couldn't move.
I can tell that you're a daughter who cares a lot for her parents.
There is a lot of food in the larder.
Turn down the music.
Would you like to live the life you live now for eternity?
Come here right now.
OP, I can tell that you're a daughter who cares a lot for her parents.
Done, agreed.
I can't breathe!
They didn't have enough money.
She is a shy, insecure, overly sensitive girl.
Elbonia is a humanitarian superpower.
I hope to see them.
You threw salt?
Your arrogance is probably due to your messianic complex.
She's going to drink some milk.
Is it your food or your language or your genetic makeup that makes you more feminine?
Why are you afraid of Derek?
Maria is gorgeous.
That was without doubt a magical moment.
These cars are ours.
It's raining today.
In a society that uses thousands of logograms, there is much hidden illiteracy that people don't talk much about in public.
Can she read a sci-fi book in a logographic language? Are there logograms she can't read?
It's better if you design a constructed language that has less than logograms with a complement of phonograms. I would call it Weena from a character in a classic movie.
I think that nobody doubts that Carlos Núñez is one of the greatest pipe players in the world.
It's hard to be a woman. One must think like a man, act like a lady, look like a girl, and work like a horse.
I can't run as fast.
The governor of Buenos Aires has bad luck every time that he plays some sport, he's already lost a hand and now he's broken his clavicule.
Using a limited number of existing logograms from natural languages, you can create a new language, complemented by a set of phonograms.
You just want to preserve the logographic tradition with your new constructed language.
You're just promoting racial stereotypes.
Learning and cherishing data are not just the domain of Jewish people.
Christians are always thinking about Jews, because their literature always talks about them.
In fact, the Jews today have a very small population.
In a popular sci-fi show, there are two android brothers funnily named Data and Lore.
I think people who are always afraid are useless.
You're just afraid of Buddhism. That reason is why you call me a "Jew." It's from fear.
You remember vividly the arrogance of that waitress. It scares you.
Rich is who can not count more than their millions.
It's dangerous to pass by the bridge.
Where are you going in such a hurry, girl?
At this very moment, you're reading and translating this.
How do you say "telephone" in Turkish?
I ask myself if this sentence will survive till the end of the world.
The professor always teaches in jeans and a shirt.
Luck doesn't exist.
I'm taking care of my grandfather.
We should apply severe measures for the economic crisis.
How can I ignore pain this intense?
Welcome to the US.
Welcome to the team.
Is there any doctor among us?
I shouldn't go - I want to go.
My name is very rare in my country.
I was in Rome.
Mary took a picture of her mother with her cell phone.
You should work more.
We invited them to dinner.
In a popular sci-fi show, the alien Minbari have three peer castes.
In the Babylon space station, G'Kar is a Narn ambassador.
In the Babylon space station, Delenn is a Minbari ambassador.
In the Deep Space space station, Odo is a Changeling security chief.
Kosh is a Vorlon ambassador in the Babylon space station.
You like to distinguish work from play.
"What is your smartphone used for, Tom?" "I don't know either. But everybody has it."
Do you never feel that work is like play?
The work-play dichotomy has something to do with the left-right brain dichotomy.
Whenever I'm at the pizza parlour, I make you self-conscious. You always think there has to be something happening.
The activity of the left brain increases, as I sit in the pizza parlour.
A moon colony full of habitats should be the priority. Shuttling to and from Luna would give space agencies real experiences in working in space.
To shield from space radiation, moon habitats may have to be underground.
Focusing on Luna, instead of Mars, may be easier for now, in terms of colonization. Luna is much closer.
Tom used the F word.
Tom yelled at me for no reason.
My brother is a retard.
Describe him.
Describe her.
Tom is very insecure.
Tom does that to hide his insecurity.
Don't peek.
Tom got drunk with his friends.
Tom tried to hide his excitement.
She tried to hide her excitement.
Tom started bouncing up and down on the bed.
The children started bouncing up and down on the couch.
Tom tried to hide his fear.
Tom saw a rat in the subway.
Tom saw a large rat run across the street.
She has a great smile.
Mary chewed on her nails.
Mary chewed on her nails nervously.
They're not going to catch us.
Mary rolled her eyes.
Our father in heaven, hallowed be your name. Thy kingdom come, on earth as in heaven. Gives us our daily bread. Forgive us of our sin, as we forgive those who sin against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours. Now and forever. Amen.
I borrowed some money from a friend.
"Have you been here before?" "No, It's my first time."
"Have you ever been here before?" "No, It's my first time here."
Some years from now, people will say the last great war was over a hundred years ago.
If you believe society hasn't made anything worthwhile, then you might believe also in mass destruction.
The left brain dominates the architecture and lifestyle in North America.
Now, I believe in lunar colonization.
Having people on the moon has been a dream for many.
Luna is close by. Mars is much farther away.
People still have no experience in bearing children outside of Earth.
Is the human condition flexible enough to adapt to environments beyond Earth?
Are humans like goldfish in a fishbowl?
Is Borneo an island or a continent?
There were some people at our house yesterday.
His family moved around quite a lot.
Where did you put my book?
That is very expensive.
I am a social worker.
You were drying clothes.
My heart sank.
This explains it without a doubt.
My eyelids are heavy.
When I was small I kept a diary.
They have improved their results.
Yesterday it was Sunday so I slept all day
In a way, you were right.
I didn't wake up yesterday.
Fido, do you want a treat?
I love you, Fido.
He threw himself down on the ground in pain.
With her sights set on becoming a psychiatric social worker, her University studies are particularly interested in the integration of mentally disabled persons.
I got such a terrible cold because of all the wind that the buildings cause.
Are you going to town today?
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.
Tom's girlfriend broke up with him and started going out with another guy.
I'm glad you came over.
I'm really sorry about Tom.
We're about the same height.
"Where's Tom?" "He's got a date."
Tom retreated to his bedroom after dinner.
Mary retreated to her bedroom after dinner.
You're starting to sound like your old man.
Does your mom know?
One moment, they were arguing and the next they were kissing.
My mother would freak out if she knew about it.
I'll call you tonight.
You wouldn't want that to happen, would you?
Tom, watch your mouth!
Why did she lie about her age?
I'll never forget our first date.
Is he really that clueless?
I'll show you how it works.
I remember it vividly.
I've always dreamed of seeing the future.
Tom said that Mike likes you.
Tom slipped a note into Mary's locker.
I'll pick you up tomorrow after work.
They danced awkwardly together.
Tom seemed a little confused.
Are you sure you aren't cold?
God help us.
Are you sure you're not cold?
I like to paint still lifes.
Who farted?
"Don't yah think this bag's cute" "Yea, it's so cute."
"Who's your favourite classical music composer?" "Debussy."
"Who do you think's gonna get here first?" "Definitely not Tom."
"Come on, howd'ya get that stylie?" "I was born with it!"
"Who do you think will come first?" "It definitely won't be Tom."
"Why are you so cool?" "I was born this way."
I like yellow.
Has that been scientifically proven?
The night is so dark.
Tom bought Mary a beer.
Tom offered to buy Mary a beer.
Please explain it in a way that's easier to understand.
Could you explain it more simply?
Please explain it more simply.
It is the first thing which I have accomplished today.
Past seven.
This woman lied to me.
You went to the casino.
The chief is speaking to me.
I cooked deer meat.
Where did the horse go?
I was so mad.
I will open the door.
What is today?
What is this year?
This year is 2015.
His escape from prison was well planned.
We're being attacked by mosquitos.
It's been two years since she left me.
Sour cream will only take away the flavour of the meal.
Tom left at four in the morning.
Tom isn't good at driving.
I can't believe anyone anymore.
Tom looks like he got dressed in the dark this morning.
The design of the theatre enabled the audience to get up close and personal with the performers.
People with autism often don't make eye contact when talking to someone.
Many people mindlessly agree with whatever a shock jock says.
You can't reason with someone who is unreasonable.
Follow that person.
I dreamt of you last night.
Let me see your ticket.
Tom's demands are not unreasonable.
Tom broke a tooth biting into an apple.
Wouldn't it make you want to spit chips?
I'm happy to know she's well.
I was happy to know he was well.
In November, olives are harvested from the trees to make oil.
Do one.
Can there be so much anger in celestial hearts?
This isn't a new car.
Long live the Tatoeba Project!
La Chingada is a small community in the municipality of San Gabriel located two hours from Guadalajara.
A bug bit me.
Someone waits for me.
She cries continously.
I am not the one who put paste on your book.
Post your picture on the wall.
I wonder.
Father and his companion will sow corn on the next hill.
Buy canned fish at the store.
Ondoy and his companion are going downtown.
The lunch prepared by Inday filled me very much.
Mario left because Dodong is late.
We're searching the whole neighborhood for our lost puppy.
The flower planted on our porch is very fragrant.
The fish I bought from the market is fresh.
My dried out clothes are getting wet because it is suddenly raining.
How beautiful my sewn drapes are.
While I run, I stumble.
The viand prepared by Nanay is delicious.
Tomorrow, I am going to my home town.
The new store opens next week.
I am not telling you anything new.
I am certain that there are many other things we could do.
This is not a proper English sentence.
I am going to church now.
I'm certain there are many other things we could do.
Every piece of knowledge must have a single, unambiguous, authoritative representation within a system.
Tom, how old were you when you left Australia?
The doctor dropped in to see me this morning. His name is Werner, but he is a Russian. There is nothing surprising in that. I once knew an Ivanov who was a German.
They told me you're a real expert!
They tell me you're a real expert!
What time are we meeting?
Where are we meeting?
May I ask your first and last names?
My name is Robert Johnson.
Does it sound familiar?
What was his childhood nickname?
Any day would be alright with me.
Is it okay with you?
Is that okay with you?
Do you understand Tatar?
What do you think the weather looks like?
Is there a good time to chat?
Did I catch you at a bad time?
There were garbanzo beans in the salad as well as in the hummus.
There were chickpeas in the salad as well as in the hummus.
I'm not sure about the date.
It seems so.
Have a great time.
Who am I to say?
It never hurts.
I'll let you get on with your things.
Don't overthink it.
You are out of danger.
It's about time!
We have the place to ourselves.
Do you feel well?
Do you feel seedy?
Do you have an interpreter?
Excuse me, do you happen to know it?
Many peoples are using Russian swears in their speech.
Sitting in the sleigh of a boozer, you'll sing along his drunken songs.
Your mother is very beautiful!
It's my birthday today. I'm already eighteen.
Nobody knows it's my birthday today.
His teeth are yellow.
"Where are you from, sir?" "Japan."
"How much is it?" "Ten dollars, I think."
Don't you think that you should tell her about this?
There won't be so many people there.
Is she dating someone?
Damn it! I forgot my password!
I forgot my password!
"Why are you doing this?" "Why not?"
"That's awesome!" "You think so?"
She has tried to invite him to her birthday party.
Am I useless?
They were dancing a lot!
Whoa! I'm going to be a father!
Saudi Arabia does not issue tourist visas.
According to data, the three countries with the most avid readers, by number of hours per week, are as follows: India, Thailand and China.
I am categorically opposed to the company declaring bankruptcy.
Mary was hospitalized for her own safety.
According to the "Levada Center" organization, approximately 70% of Russians have never been outside of the former USSR.
Such an analogy is inappropriate in this case.
Right now it's peak season in Cancún.
Tom's wife is hard-working.
For the first time in my life, I found myself all alone in an unknown city.
I sat before the mirror and wept bitterly.
Their children will be christened tomorrow.
Nothing is as close to stupidity as the mind without reason.
At school the other girls shunned Mary.
Happy christening!
Mario failed to save the princess.
The dragon's fire breath burned Mario completely.
I am determined to learn.
The princess was eaten by the shark.
In some Muslim-majority countries, girls are less likely than boys to get higher education.
We appreciate your interest in our company.
Mary was a woman of subtle beauty.
We talked about time zones.
War maims people, not only physically but also mentally.
The explosives were hidden in a trash bin.
Advertisements for discounts and sales constantly arrive on Tom's mobile phone.
Behaviour is the highest form of preaching.
He walked barefoot.
She is embarrassed to breastfeed in public.
His wife is from Seville.
Not all real things are logical.
I wear heels bigger than your dick.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
How is it that one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
If you can't have a midnight snack why do we have a light in the fridge?
We’ve all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and just give her a house.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
There are lots of different types of dogs.
I'm not saying it's aliens. But it's aliens.
The First World War began as a regional conflict and become one of history's worst humanitarian catastrophes.
This land was expropriated from its original owner decades ago.
Tom switched the wine glasses without my knowing.
He tried to use my computer without my finding out about it.
The cooking instructor said the cake was ruined by my stirring it too much.
I don't speak Esperanto well.
Raising a child is a big job.
During one session of the Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, an average of eight laws are adopted.
The question itself is fundamentally wrong.
All information is taken from public sources.
There's no doubt that the Maiden's Tower is a symbol of Istanbul, Turkey.
Very few places on our earth remain undisturbed by civilization.
I make an honest living.
This time I defeated you.
This conclusively decided the matter.
She was nice to everyone.
Is the book worth reading, or would that be a waste of time?
"Why did you do that?" "Do what?"
I kind of like him.
Tom touched my shoulder.
Leave her alone or you'll regret it.
Leave Tom alone or you'll regret it.
Tatoeba lacks developers.
Tom had a bad accident.
I want to have a career before I get married.
You're not going to win.
He has bulging biceps.
A skull shaped asteroid flew by the Earth on Halloween.
Do you like Tom's new Halloween costume?
Do you like Mary's new Halloween costume?
Do you like my new Halloween costume?
The glaciers are melting.
Is your Halloween costume scary or cute?
Mary made her own Halloween costume.
When is Halloween?
Halloween is just around the corner.
Easter is just around the corner.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
Tom was a child actor.
This former child actor later became a drug addict.
Tom threw a pillow at me.
Mary threw a pillow at me.
Tom laughed and threw a pillow at me.
Mary laughed and threw a pillow at me.
Mary lowered her eyelids.
It's just that we eat it every day, and we'll end up getting sick of it. I need to get more variety into my cooking.
The doctor discovered a lump in her breast.
Tom switched to English.
Wolfgang switched to German.
Tom won the Nobel prize for his research.
Alexandra switched to Russian.
I'm being perfectly honest.
Put that cookie back in the box!
She called me a stupid bitch.
Mary called me a stupid bitch.
She called her a slut.
Nobody calls me that.
I was horrified by what she had said.
Tom has a large mustache.
This Russian man has a large mustache.
The magician made the girl float in thin air.
Tom is such a loser.
She's such a loser.
"We're getting married Friday." "What?"
Do you have my key yet?
Is Tom a liberal or conservative?
Are you a liberal or conservative?
I refuse to let you marry that man.
I refuse to let you marry that man!
"I refuse to let you marry that man," said her father.
Our country must take action against climate change.
Now I’ll have to kill you.
My best friend really understands me.
I’ve always wanted to have a pet platypus.
I’ve always wanted to have a pet squirrel.
Marriage is a lifelong commitment.
Please don't kill me!
Mary talked with her friends about it.
Tom talked with his friends about it.
Tom asked his friend for advice.
Mary asked her friend for advice.
In the recent years, the reputation of serving as a soldier has steadily been lowered.
The circulation, as is known, is the main indicator of the periodical's authoritativeness.
These days, a watch not only shows the time, but also the person's social status.
Penguins live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere.
Tom robbed a bank.
Her father entered the room.
She is not a professor of Spanish.
Mary hastened back to her room.
What were you doing with him, anyway?
What were you doing with her, anyway?
Friends are very important.
Deep-fried food is delicious.
Tom ate some barbecued ribs.
Tom refused to stop eating meat.
She did not keep my secret.
She didn't talk to me at the party.
He didn't talk to me at the party.
I read this in Cosmopolitan.
I read this in Cosmo.
That's a cute costume.
Tom tried to impress the girls.
The girls were quite impressed.
Can we come, too?
What'll you drink?
This is my territory.
Tom has only one testicle.
Mary did not climax when she and Tom had their first sexual intercourse.
Mary did not bleed in her first sexual intercourse with Tom.
Sex is pleasurable.
Tom is a coward. He is afraid of his own shadow.
Tom has an underarm odor.
It hurts, but we must forget all that's happened.
Do you still have my key?
Could you please give me back my key?
It's been a week now since Tom changed his underpants.
Where's the mistake?
Mary is already years old, but she has a tiny voice.
All things are subject to interpretation; whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
You're told to go.
Where's your bedroom?
What's my room number?
How many Philippine presidents were there until Benigno Simeon Aquino III?
As time went on, I came to doubt that that was everything I needed to know.
When does your winter vacation begin?
When does your summer vacation end?
Where did you learn such a difficult word?
The polar bear's mother hasn't eaten for four months and has lost half her body weight.
I've heard that if you drink beer you are more likely to be bitten by mosquitoes than if you don't drink beer.
Someone told me that people with type O blood attract more mosquitoes than people with any other blood type.
No one would've remembered Tom if he hadn't painted his name on the ceiling of the classroom.
Even though I've studied French for a long time, I'm still not very good at speaking it.
After I got married, my French got better since I started speaking French with my wife.
By the time Tom got to the bus stop, the bus he was planning to take had already left.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston every summer to stay with his grandparents.
Tom's parents allow him to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
The improvements we've made on the assembly line could eventually lower prices.
Tom won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
The best way to get better at French is to speak French with native speakers.
Try to speak French as often as possible if you want to improve your French.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
There were blood stains on the shirt that the police found under Tom's bed.
The best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken.
Tom seems to be paying more attention in class today than he usually does.
Tom didn't have to stay home to help us. We could've done it by ourselves.
This never would've happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
Tom would probably be disappointed if we didn't go to his birthday party.
Tom just couldn't stop himself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has already forgotten what I told him yesterday.
Tom has always known that he would eventually run his father's business.
Tom doesn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
It quickly became obvious that Tom couldn't understand very much French.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't buy that car he was looking at yesterday.
Tom could've saved me a lot of time if he'd told me about that earlier.
The police say that Tom's fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
If Tom knew how to swim, he'd probably want to go to the beach with us.
We would've gone home early, but Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
Tom wouldn't have come if he didn't think it was important to be here.
Tom doesn't need to bring a lunch. I'll make something for him to eat.
Tom doesn't have to tell me about what happened if he doesn't want to.
Tom can come over to my house and practice on my piano if he wants to.
If you create a popular app, you could become a millionaire overnight.
Tom had to walk to school today because his bicycle had a flat tire.
Tom doesn't need to answer any more questions if he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't have the time to do everything that Mary asked him to do.
Mosquitoes seem to be more attracted to people wearing dark clothes.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to make myself understood in French.
I just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to Boston.
They're likely to cancel school tomorrow because of the heavy snow.
It would mean a lot to Tom if you helped him learn a little French.
If Tom couldn't do it, probably nobody else will be able to either.
I think that I may not be able to make myself understood in French.
Tom's grandparents are buried in a cemetery not too far from here.
Tom wouldn't have passed the test if Mary hadn't helped him study.
Tom is going to lose his job if he keeps showing up late for work.
Tom could hear everything the people in the next room were saying.
I probably would've participated if I'd known about it in advance.
I don't often go to Boston, but every time I do, I enjoy it a lot.
After driving for eight hours, Tom just couldn't drive any longer.
Tom has a bad habit of interrupting people while they're talking.
Tom can take the bus to the station. You don't need to drive him.
Tom always seems worried about what other people think about him.
Is there any place around here where we can get something to eat?
I haven't been back to Boston since I graduated from high school.
When was the last time Tom and you went out for dinner together?
Tom would be terribly disappointed if we didn't go to his party.
Tom wished Mary had told him that she wasn't going to the party.
Tom doesn't have to go to school tomorrow if he doesn't want to.
It would hurt your reputation if you went to the party with Tom.
Is there anything we need to do before this afternoon's meeting?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is feeling better today than yesterday.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't know what you're talking about.
Tom is the only one in our family who regularly attends church.
Tom didn't have to tell me anything, but he told me everything.
Tom didn't have to tell me about what happened. I already knew.
There's something about Tom that makes a lot of girls like him.
It would be nice if we could get some new playground equipment.
If Tom had been here, it definitely would've made a difference.
I need to borrow some money so I can buy some medicine for Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to make myself understood in French.
I didn't tell my parents that I only got a C on my French test.
Are you aware of how much time Tom has been spending with Mary?
We don't allow Tom to watch TV until he finishes his homework.
Tom is the only one in our family who has ever studied French.
Tom goes to a restaurant for lunch at least three times a week.
Tom doesn't need to explain it to me. I already understand it.
Tom didn't want to get married, but his parents forced him to.
This would've been your room if you'd decided to stay with us.
The last time I saw Tom he was with an attractive young woman.
Only immediate family members attended Tom and Mary's wedding.
Many of Tom's friends think he'll likely become an evangelist.
I asked Tom for advice because I wasn't sure what I should do.
Tom was the one who told me how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom was convinced that he'd be happier if he moved to Boston.
Tom has to do better on the next test or he'll fail my class.
Tom doesn't have to impress me. He needs to impress the boss.
This is the first time I've invited Tom to one of my parties.
The doctor said that Tom didn't have to stay in the hospital.
If Shakespeare were still living, he'd be over years old.
I've been keeping a diary in French for the last three years.
I'd like to borrow some books to take to Tom in the hospital.
I don't know how to say exactly what I want to say in French.
You probably wouldn't even recognize Tom if you saw him now.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but thought that he shouldn't.
Tom said that he doesn't think doing that is worth his time.
Tom probably wouldn't have done that if Mary had been there.
Tom is going to make mistakes just like everybody else does.
Tom drinks coffee to stay awake when he's studying at night.
Tom doesn't get along well with the other kids in his class.
Tom didn't read the contract as carefully as he should have.
Tom didn't have to tell me if he didn't want to, but he did.
Tom didn't have to get up as early today as he usually does.
Sooner or later, Tom will tell me everything I want to know.
When was the last time you and Tom went to Boston together?
Tom was wearing a baseball cap when I saw him this morning.
Tom started learning French when he was thirteen years old.
Tom is still the same weight he was when he was a teenager.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
Tom didn't have to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom didn't get up this morning as early as he usually does.
Tom and Mary became friends when they both lived in Boston.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a blue baseball cap.
Tell me what you're looking for and I'll help you find it.
People came running out of the burning building, screaming.
I won't be able to get all of this done unless you help me.
I need to go to the drugstore to buy some medicine for Tom.
Clearly, both drivers weren't paying attention to the road.
When we were kids, Tom and I did a lot of things together.
We would still be open if we had anything to left to sell.
Tom was able to do what the rest of us weren't able to do.
Tom is much closer to his mother than he is to his father.
Tom didn't tell me what the meeting was going to be about.
Tom didn't tell me that he didn't have a driver's license.
Some people think that French is a hard language to learn.
It's likely to take more than a week to finish doing this.
Is there any place around here where I can rent a bicycle?
If you'd been there, we would've had a good time together.
I think people should stop using disposable shopping bags.
I think I would've heard the door open if Tom had come in.
Have you told Tom about what happened yesterday at school?
Eventually, Tom will tell me where he buried the treasure.
Don't let Tom eat dessert until he's eaten his vegetables.
We should be able to do a lot better than this next time.
Tom's house looked like it hadn't been cleaned for years.
Tom's hair has turned gray since the last time I saw him.
Tom took his key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom often comes over and swims laps in our swimming pool.
Tom lives in Boston with his wife and his three children.
Tom has to get out of here while he's still got a chance.
Tom had better hurry if he wants to get home before dark.
Tom doesn't really expect me to be at his party, does he?
Tom doesn't have to tell me anything he doesn't want to.
Tom can take his time. Tell him there's no need to hurry.
The escaped prisoners are considered armed and dangerous.
It would mean a lot to Tom if you showed up at his party.
Everyone should get out of here before someone gets hurt.
Change into some old clothes before you clean the garage.
You don't seem to have read the contract very carefully.
Tom won't be able to do everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom reached into his pack and pulled out his sunglasses.
Tom doesn't have to talk about it if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to eat anything he doesn't want to eat.
Tom didn't have to tell me twice what needed to be done.
Tom couldn't tell Mary how to do what needed to be done.
They wouldn't have come here if Tom hadn't invited them.
The police think that Tom was the one who poisoned Mary.
Please don't bring alcoholic beverages into the stadium.
Is there any place around here where I can cash a check?
If you don't hurry, you'll be late for your appointment.
I'm pretty sure that Tom would tell us if we were wrong.
I'm pretty sure that Tom gets paid a lot more than I do.
I'd be very surprised if Tom isn't at the party tonight.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't like him.
I never dreamed so many people would come to my concert.
I get the feeling that Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
When we were kids, Tom and I could talk about anything.
Washing dishes is something I don't really enjoy doing.
Tom would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't he?
Tom worries too much about what people think about him.
Tom woke up when he heard someone knocking on the door.
Tom shouldn't have any trouble finding a place to live.
Tom says that he's willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom has been accused of selling classified information.
Tom had a week to finish this, but he didn't finish it.
Tom drank three cups of coffee before he left for work.
Tom doesn't seem to appreciate what we've done for him.
Tom doesn't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
Tom doesn't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom didn't tell me that what we were doing was illegal.
Tom didn't have to shout. We could've heard him anyway.
Tom became a professional dancer in his early thirties.
Tom Jackson became famous when he was still a teenager.
This is the first time I've written anything in French.
The hotel I stayed in was not too far from Tom's house.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind it if you used his umbrella.
I thought I'd visit Tom in the hospital this afternoon.
I had difficulty in making myself understood in French.
Eventually, Tom will tell me everything I want to know.
Don't give Tom more money than is absolutely necessary.
Be careful not to drink too much coffee in the evening.
You should ask Tom to go with us when we go to Boston.
When was the last time you helped Tom do his homework?
Tom was found dead in the alley behind the restaurant.
Tom should get out of here before the police get here.
Tom rummaged through the drawer, looking for a pencil.
Tom is better at speaking French than you think he is.
Tom got out of the shower and put his clothes back on.
Tom finally realized that Mary didn't really like him.
Tom doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to do.
Tom doesn't go fishing much now, but he used to a lot.
Tom didn't have to tell me why because I already knew.
Tom didn't have to come here. He could've just called.
Tom didn't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom claims he didn't know what he was doing was wrong.
Tom and Mary haven't yet chosen a name for their baby.
This is considered an upper-middle-class neighborhood.
The hedge clippers and weed whacker are in the garage.
It was yesterday that I saw Tom in the park with Mary.
I've heard that decaffeinated coffee may cause cancer.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't know how to do that.
I'm glad you were able to be with Tom on his birthday.
I would've done it by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I can't speak French without making a lot of mistakes.
Everybody here knows that Tom speaks very good French.
Even though it was raining, we decided to take a walk.
Did I hear you correctly? Are you saying you disagree?
Caffeine can temporarily increase your blood pressure.
Are there any French magazines in your school library?
Were you the one who advised Tom to go to the police?
Tom's house is at least three times larger than mine.
Tom's house is at least three times as large as mine.
Tom's doctor told him he needed to get more exercise.
Tom was definitely the best-looking guy in our class.
Tom told me that he had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom should definitely eat breakfast before he leaves.
Tom is one of the most intelligent men I've ever met.
Tom has been living with us for the past three years.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French as well as I do.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Boston until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Tom didn't really have to come into the office today.
Tom didn't need to tell me that. I already knew that.
Tom and I have been working together for a long time.
Tom always used to complain about the Mary's cooking.
They would've found Tom if they'd only looked harder.
The Jacksons have invited us over for dinner tonight.
Someone needs to translate this contract into French.
Many flights have been canceled because of the storm.
I'm studying French so I can become a French teacher.
I wonder why Tom didn't want to go to Boston with us.
I went to the park with Tom the day before yesterday.
I thought the woman I met yesterday was Tom's mother.
I spend a few hours almost every day studying French.
I never realized you were such a good French speaker.
I know why Tom didn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I asked Tom not to tell my parents what had happened.
Do you think you could persuade Tom to join our team?
Do you think we should just wait and hope it changes?
You need to get out of here before someone sees you.
Why don't you ask Tom if you can borrow his bicycle?
What makes you so sure that this won't happen again?
What makes Tom so sure that this won't happen again?
Tom's dream was to be able to speak French fluently.
Tom worked in a supermarket while he was in college.
Tom will never be able to do that without some help.
Tom wanted to know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom said that he doesn't really want that to happen.
Tom is going to have to take better care of himself.
Tom doesn't need to do anything he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't seem to be having any trouble doing that.
Tom didn't mention that this morning when I saw him.
Tom didn't know how to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom didn't have very many friends when he was young.
Tom could buy all of those if he really wanted them.
Tom accidentally cut himself while peeling an apple.
They've asked me to translate this book into French.
The story is true. Only the names have been changed.
The police no longer believe that Tom murdered Mary.
It's snowed a lot more this winter than last winter.
If you don't hurry, you won't get there before dark.
I'm thinking of taking a French class next semester.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you can.
I think you should tell Tom that you don't like him.
I speak French a little, but I'm not good at it yet.
I recognized Tom as soon as he walked into the room.
I have several friends who speak French fairly well.
You need to hurry because the bank will close soon.
Would it have been better if Tom hadn't been there?
We're not going to give Tom the money he asked for.
Tom will never be able to do that without our help.
Tom was sick, so I stayed home to take care of him.
Tom should be able to handle this without any help.
Tom says he doesn't really want to talk about this.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Tom has to stay home and take care of his children.
Tom has some good ideas he wants to tell you about.
Tom has recently been trying to improve his French.
Tom doesn't need to come into the office on Monday.
Tom doesn't have to go there if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to eat this if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't have to talk to me if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to speak. Mary did all the talking.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to a movie with him.
The person who planted the bomb hasn't been caught.
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.
Is there any place around here that rents bicycles?
Is it true that you've never had a serious illness?
I was surprised by how well Tom could speak French.
How long did it take you to learn French this well?
Everything happened the way Tom predicted it would.
Can you recommend a good place to eat Mexican food?
Would you like to go camping with us next weekend?
Who do you think is better at tennis, Tom or Mary?
What makes you so sure that Tom won't be here tonight?
What do you think is the best way to learn French?
What Tom thinks happened could've easily happened.
We can depend on Tom to get the report in on time.
Tom's injuries aren't considered life-threatening.
Tom's experience attracted considerable attention.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without me.
Tom put the bag of groceries on the kitchen table.
Tom looks a lot more like your father than you do.
Tom isn't really sick. He's just pretending to be.
Tom is going to have to deal with that on his own.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston without him.
Tom doesn't have to help us if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to answer any of these questions.
Tom didn't wake me up at 6:like I asked him to.
Tom didn't even try to pretend that he liked Mary.
Tom did some work for our company a few years ago.
Tom could've turned pro if he hadn't been injured.
Tom can take a couple of weeks off if he needs to.
The man I met yesterday didn't know French at all.
The doctors did everything they could to save Tom.
The doctor told Tom that his hair would grow back.
It would be better if you didn't go outside today.
It was hard for me to get out of bed this morning.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't cancel the meeting.
I would've never guessed that Tom was from Boston.
I wasn't able to make myself understood in French.
I told Tom that he should try to do it by himself.
I think it'd be fun to cycle around Australia.
I really want to be able to speak French fluently.
I just couldn't pretend that I liked Tom's cooking.
I don't think I'll have the time to do that today.
I can't remember how to say "thank you" in French.
You'd better hurry. If you don't, you'll be late.
You should give Tom a harmonica for his birthday.
We have to continue doing this until it gets done.
Tom won't get there on time if he doesn't hurry.
Tom will most likely be the first one to show up.
Tom will have to work late every night this week.
Tom says he doesn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom said he doesn't think that's going to happen.
Tom is staying with one of his friends in Boston.
Tom is going to need more money than what he has.
Tom illustrated three children's books last year.
Tom had better have a good excuse for being late.
Tom got back home sooner than I thought he would.
Tom forgot to tell us not to drink the tap water.
Tom doesn't need to go to Boston until next week.
Tom doesn't have to worry about things like that.
Tom doesn't have to eat it if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to answer if he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't think I'd notice that he wasn't there.
Tom didn't seem to understand what was happening.
Tom didn't know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom didn't have to go there if he didn't want to.
Tom couldn't have known this was going to happen.
Tom could tell us what needs to be done, I think.
Tom and Mary have been going out for three years.
Tom and I usually talked to each other in French.
Tom always blames somebody else for his mistakes.
There are many old buildings in our neighborhood.
The door swung open and Tom walked into the room.
The doctor told Tom that his hair will grow back.
The customers have been complaining a lot lately.
The bomb is quite likely somewhere on this floor.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to do this.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to be here.
I probably shouldn't do anything like that today.
I just couldn't do everything Tom asked me to do.
I hope Tom didn't tell anybody about what we did.
Everything is costing more than it did last year.
You promised that you would be there last night.
We'll be paying close attention to what happens.
Tom's hair has turned gray since I last saw him.
Tom will probably be late for work this morning.
Tom wasn't able to catch the ball with one hand.
Tom tried to explain what was happening to Mary.
Tom took his watch off and laid it on the table.
Tom said he doesn't even want to think about it.
Tom is going to have to do that sooner or later.
Tom finally told me the truth three years later.
Tom doesn't spend enough time with his children.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's happening.
Tom doesn't seem to be concerned about anything.
Tom doesn't often have a chance to speak French.
Tom doesn't have to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't deserve the salary we're paying him.
Tom didn't seem to understand what was going on.
Tom didn't seem to understand what had happened.
Tom didn't act like he really wanted to be here.
Tom couldn't do what we were hoping he could do.
Tom can tell me what happened when he gets here.
Tom asked if I wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked Mary how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom and I are going to talk about what happened.
Tom Jackson is one of the richest men in Boston.
This novel has also been translated into French.
The store where Tom used to work closed in 2013.
The only foreign language I can speak is French.
That kind of dress has become quite fashionable.
Our school became coeducational a long time ago.
It's been three years since Tom moved to Boston.
It won't be easy persuading Tom to come with us.
If you did that, they'd kick you out of the bar.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't agree to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom used to live in Boston.
I think we should consider doing something else.
I know a good Mexican restaurant on Park Street.
I helped Tom choose a birthday present for Mary.
I had to study French when I was in high school.
I guess everybody thinks that's how it happened.
I don't often have an opportunity to use French.
I could no longer pretend that I wasn't in pain.
Everybody looks surprised and a little confused.
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.
Don't talk to the bus driver while he's driving.
Don't ask Tom any questions about what happened.
Did you really expect Tom to tell you the truth?
Both Tom and Mary are award-winning journalists.
Why don't you ask Tom to help you wash the car?
We should be able to do a lot better than this.
We couldn't keep up with the rest of the group.
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was young.
Tom told me he didn't actually want to do that.
Tom sells most of the vegetables that he grows.
Tom isn't going to go to Boston with us, is he?
Tom is saving his money up to start a business.
Tom doesn't think doing this is worth our time.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's happened.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that happening.
Tom doesn't have to stay if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to sing if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to make up his mind right now.
Tom doesn't have to help if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to come if he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't seem to understand anything we said.
Tom didn't give me the information I requested.
Tom couldn't have done that without Mary's help.
Tom could stay with us tonight if he wanted to.
Tom can't play the piano as well as he used to.
This is the only thing that Tom ever bought me.
Spending time with your children couldn't hurt.
Potentially, this disease could kill thousands.
Please don't tell anybody what I just told you.
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
My father says he's planning to buy me a horse.
It would've been nice if you'd told me earlier.
It looks like Tom doesn't really want this job.
If Tom hadn't invited me, I wouldn't have come.
I've been feeling sick for the last three days.
I've always known this would happen eventually.
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.
I'm sure I'll be able to do it sooner or later.
I wonder what they're whispering to each other.
I was able to make myself understood in French.
I thought I'd challenge Tom to a game of chess.
I think Tom would've come if you'd invited him.
I speak French more often than I speak English.
I ran into Tom at a conference three weeks ago.
I hope Tom doesn't do anything like that again.
I ended up doing something I didn't want to do.
I don't want to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think this is the right way to do this.
I could've gotten involved, but I chose not to.
Everyone knew Tom was planning to quit his job.
Do you think you could persuade Tom to help us?
Do you have a French dictionary I could borrow?
You should buy Tom something for his birthday.
You need to work on your communication skills.
Why won't Tom let his kids go camping with us?
Whenever possible, you should consult experts.
When was the last time you ate lunch with Tom?
When I tripped, I had trouble getting back up.
We still need to buy food for tonight's party.
Unfortunately, the ambulance arrived too late.
Translate the following sentences into French.
Tom's analysis of the situation seems correct.
Tom was the one who brought you these flowers.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.
Tom told me that he didn't see anyone come in.
Tom told me he was hoping to get into Harvard.
Tom says he won't have to work overtime today.
Tom said that you said that you saw something.
Tom said that he didn't sleep well last night.
Tom said he couldn't provide any more details.
Tom is the only one who really understands me.
Tom is going to have to live with what he did.
Tom is always forgetting his own phone number.
Tom hasn't complained about anything recently.
Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be in love.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a leader.
Tom didn't tell me that you were so beautiful.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.
Tom didn't seem to be happy with our decision.
Tom did say that he didn't want to go with us.
Tom could lose everything if he's not careful.
Tom can't do that right now. He's really busy.
Tom and his grandfather communicate in French.
Tom and I can handle it by ourselves, I think.
This job could be a lot tougher than we imagined.
No special equipment is needed to do this job.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom didn't show up.
It wasn't as difficult as I expected it to be.
I've been studying French for three years now.
I think Tom won't mind if we're a little late.
I help Tom with his homework almost every day.
I have a friend who can speak French fluently.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I don't feel like eating Chinese food tonight.
How would you feel if someone did that to you?
Everyone's been complaining about the new tax.
Don't forget to clean behind the refrigerator.
Do you think you could give Tom a little help?
A man with a gun told Tom to get into the car.
You plan to go to Boston with Tom, don't you?
You can always count on Tom in any emergency.
Why don't you ask Tom to help you pull weeds?
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.
We'll be back in school in a couple of weeks.
Tom won't be able to get anything done today.
Tom won't be able to do that without my help.
Tom will thank me for this one of these days.
Tom will never be able to keep this a secret.
Tom will have to learn to live with the pain.
Tom seems to be trying to change the subject.
Tom is one of the smartest men I've ever met.
Tom is going to have to do it all by himself.
Tom is going to get hurt if he's not careful.
Tom has no alibi for the night of the murder.
Tom has been learning French for a few years.
Tom doesn't usually watch this kind of movie.
Tom doesn't remember where he parked his car.
Tom doesn't need to know who gave this to us.
Tom doesn't need to know where Mary is going.
Tom doesn't need to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to come to work next Monday.
Tom doesn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom didn't seem to know very much about that.
Tom didn't know how bad Mary wanted to leave.
Tom didn't have to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't have to stay if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to help if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to get up as early as he did.
Tom didn't have to come if he didn't want to.
Tom challenged Mary to another game of chess.
Tom and Mary can't both be telling the truth.
Tom and I are very different from each other.
Tom always wants to do everything by himself.
Tom acted as if he didn't care what happened.
This is the only thing that Tom ever gave me.
This is the first French book I've ever read.
This is one of the pictures that Tom painted.
The enemy is becoming more and more powerful.
Sooner or later, Tom will tell me everything.
Is there anything we need to do this morning?
I've never written a letter in French before.
I'm not convinced you know what you're doing.
I'm going to meet Tom at the station at 2:30.
I'll help Tom with his homework after dinner.
I wouldn't tell Tom about that if I were you.
I would've liked to have gone there with you.
I wonder if Tom knows what's going to happen.
I like French, but I can't speak it well yet.
I know you were the one who broke the window.
I hope Tom hasn't already drunk all the milk.
I hope Tom doesn't have to work this weekend.
I heard someone tell Tom about what happened.
I have some unfinished business to attend to.
I don't think you should follow Tom's advice.
I don't think the police will ever catch Tom.
I don't think Tom can hear what we're saying.
I can't do all of this without a little help.
I asked Tom what I should bring to the party.
How long have you been using this toothbrush?
Do you really think Tom will let you do that?
Can you speak any language other than French?
Are there many Chinese restaurants in Boston?
You wouldn't be able to handle the pressure.
You should've told Tom that a long time ago.
You should avoid that part of town at night.
You haven't been paying attention, have you?
You are good at speaking French, aren't you?
Would you like me to cook something for you?
When was the last time you had a steady job?
What would life be like without electricity?
Tom would tell me if he wasn't happy, right?
Tom won't be able to do anything about that.
Tom will miss the train if he doesn't hurry.
Tom will have to figure this out on his own.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom told Mary why he was late for her party.
Tom says he's concerned about Mary's health.
Tom said he'd do his homework before dinner.
Tom needs to get to the hospital right away.
Tom kept on working even though he was sick.
Tom isn't the one responsible for this mess.
Tom is going to have to do better than that.
Tom is going to be late if he doesn't hurry.
Tom has already told me what you plan to do.
Tom has already told me what he plans to do.
Tom has a vegetable garden behind his house.
Tom had better do what he's been told to do.
Tom doesn't really plan to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't realize how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't need to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesn't need to know who told Mary that.
Tom doesn't need to finish this by tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to come so early next time.
Tom doesn't look like he's enjoying himself.
Tom doesn't know as much about this as I do.
Tom died from an overdose of sleeping pills.
Tom didn't tell me he couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't really mean what he said, did he?
Tom didn't know how bad I wanted to see him.
Tom didn't know Mary very well at that time.
Tom didn't have to tell me this, but he did.
Tom didn't do anything I wouldn't have done.
Tom can't do it alone. You need to help him.
Tom can stay with us as long as he wants to.
There was shouting and confusion everywhere.
The person who stabbed Tom was never caught.
The escaped prisoner hasn't yet been caught.
The clerk didn't give me the correct change.
That's the stupidest thing you've ever said.
That's the stupidest thing you've ever done.
It's a pity that Tom couldn't be here today.
It would've been better not to say anything.
Is it true that Tom doesn't know any French?
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.
I've just finished doing my French homework.
I'm going to bake a cake for Tom's birthday.
I'm fairly certain Tom would have fun there.
I was worried you wouldn't get here on time.
I was sick, so I couldn't go to the concert.
I tried to kiss Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I told Tom he didn't have to talk so loudly.
I know very few people who can speak French.
I hope to hire someone who can speak French.
I don't think we have any chance of winning.
I can't possibly afford to pay for all this.
I can't believe that Tom is older than Mary.
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?
Do you think this letter was written by Tom?
Do you think Tom is becoming more like Mary?
Do you remember the night you were attacked?
Can you recommend a good Chinese restaurant?
Are you going to be home tomorrow afternoon?
Are there any Chinese restaurants near here?
When was the last time you talked with Tom?
When was the last time you gave Tom a gift?
When was the last time Tom gave you a gift?
What I really want to do is to go swimming.
We couldn't have done it without your help.
We can always count on Tom in an emergency.
Tom's office is three miles from his house.
Tom wouldn't go off and leave us, would he?
Tom would probably enjoy listening to this.
Tom will never be able to do it by himself.
Tom needs to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom is helping his mother wash the windows.
Tom hopefully won't have any more problems.
Tom has to work late every night this week.
Tom has some experience in teaching French.
Tom has made remarkable progress in French.
Tom had better hurry or he'll miss the bus.
Tom had a mustache the last time I saw him.
Tom gave the documents to the wrong person.
Tom doesn't want Mary to sing at his party.
Tom doesn't seem to be having any problems.
Tom doesn't need to worry about me anymore.
Tom doesn't need to tell me how to do that.
Tom doesn't need to make that decision now.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me anymore.
Tom doesn't have to buy anything right now.
Tom doesn't have to be back until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to answer those questions.
Tom doesn't have to answer these questions.
Tom didn't warn me about what might happen.
Tom didn't seem surprised to see Mary here.
Tom didn't let me finish what I was saying.
Tom didn't invite me to his birthday party.
Tom didn't come here alone tonight, did he?
Tom could hurt himself if he's not careful.
Tom could do that for you, I'm pretty sure.
Tom can speak French more fluently than me.
Tom acknowledged that what I said was true.
Tom Jackson's first book wasn't bad either.
This novel has been translated into French.
This is a very challenging obstacle course.
There's definitely something bothering Tom.
There are a lot of big changes coming soon.
That concert was a complete disappointment.
Our streets look cleaner than they used to.
No one seems to have any idea where Tom is.
My son is a better student than I ever was.
Maintaining friendships can be challenging.
It was this book that Tom bought yesterday.
It only took Tom a few minutes to fix that.
If Tom came to Boston, where would he stay?
I'm pretty sure Tom used to live in Boston.
I wouldn't do that if I were in your shoes.
I think Tom is at least partially to blame.
I think Tom didn't understand the question.
I never wash the dishes unless I'm told to.
I know a good restaurant not far from here.
I gave Tom a baseball cap for his birthday.
I don't want to buy anything in this store.
I could tell that Tom was in a lot of pain.
I can't express myself in French very well.
How do you think I learned to speak French?
French is a very difficult language for me.
Everyone's been complaining about the snow.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his wife.
Doing that wouldn't make things any better.
Do you think the jury will find Tom guilty?
Approximately thirty young people attended.
About thirty people attended Tom's funeral.
Young children have short attention spans.
You don't look like you're having any fun.
Would you have been able to do any better?
Who could've ever expected this to happen?
What makes you think Tom doesn't like you?
What does Tom want to be when he grows up?
We need to check this report for accuracy.
Volunteers are cleaning up the park today.
Unfortunately, there may be complications.
Tom's advice has always been very helpful.
Tom would've done the same thing Mary did.
Tom will never find what he's looking for.
Tom will hurt himself if he isn't careful.
Tom watches TV every evening after dinner.
Tom wasn't the one who told me to do this.
Tom told Mary that he was glad to see her.
Tom taught his children how to play chess.
Tom speaks French pretty well, doesn't he?
Tom showed me the letter he got from Mary.
Tom should wait here until Mary gets here.
Tom should be able to do better than this.
Tom seems to be getting his strength back.
Tom says he doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom said that he didn't know how to do it.
Tom said he thought he could pass the test.
Tom said he didn't want to think about it.
Tom put his notes back into his briefcase.
Tom needs to be better prepared next time.
Tom isn't likely to notice the difference.
Tom has to sign his name on this document.
Tom has done this before, I'm pretty sure.
Tom has better things to do with his time.
Tom has already convinced me not to leave.
Tom got tired of waiting and went on home.
Tom dyed his hair gray so he'd look older.
Tom doesn't usually stay up late at night.
Tom doesn't seem to understand any French.
Tom doesn't seem to be himself these days.
Tom doesn't really expect to win, does he?
Tom doesn't need to go to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to be at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't need my permission to do that.
Tom doesn't look like he's having any fun.
Tom doesn't know what he's doing, does he?
Tom doesn't know the first thing about me.
Tom doesn't have to go unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to do it, but you should.
Tom doesn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom does know what he's doing, doesn't he?
Tom didn't warn me that this might happen.
Tom didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's questions.
Tom didn't have to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't have to answer those questions.
Tom didn't bring his tools with him today.
Tom could've answered all those questions.
Tom could hear Mary singing in the shower.
Tom committed suicide, leaving three sons.
Tom can't seem to do anything right today.
Tom can tell me things he can't tell Mary.
Tom can study in my office if he wants to.
Tom and I used to work together in Boston.
Tom and I seem to be the only people here.
Tom Jackson's new book isn't selling well.
This problem is something we can't ignore.
These two things are completely unrelated.
There's a convertible parked in the drive.
The police detective found a bloody knife.
The party won't start until Tom gets here.
Some of them couldn't handle the pressure.
Police are continuing their investigation.
Perhaps you should reconsider their offer.
Mastering a foreign language is difficult.
Last Monday, Tom and I ate lunch together.
It's a completely different situation now.
It looks like Tom is getting pretty drunk.
Is there anyone who can speak French here?
If Tom had been here, he'd have helped us.
If Tom came back home, I'd be happy again.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can speak French.
I'm going to see Tom later this afternoon.
I would've helped you if you'd only asked.
I would tell Tom about that if I were you.
I think you may have overlooked something.
I think we could've done more to help Tom.
I think Tom will be coming back next week.
I started learning French three years ago.
I knew I'd run into Tom at the conference.
I hope Tom likes the cake I baked for him.
I hope Tom doesn't have to move to Boston.
I hope Tom didn't tell anybody I was here.
I heard that you're taking French lessons.
I didn't think that Tom would let me down.
How old were you when you learned to swim?
For more information, contact Tom Jackson.
Don't laugh at Tom when he makes mistakes.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.
Do you like the same things that Tom does?
Be careful not to overcook the vegetables.
Are you still hunting for buried treasure?
All the cars in this garage belong to Tom.
You wouldn't recognize the place anymore.
You seem to speak French fairly fluently.
Yesterday I met Tom on the way to school.
Why is Tom going to the picnic with Mary?
When was the last time you went shopping?
Tom's grades are much better than Mary's.
Tom's French is coming along pretty well.
Tom wouldn't even think about doing that.
Tom would tell us the truth, wouldn't he?
Tom works at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom will need to do that sooner or later.
Tom will likely be the last one to leave.
Tom was mugged on his way home from work.
Tom told me that he used to be very poor.
Tom says his blood pressure is very high.
Tom says he doesn't know what to do next.
Tom said he didn't actually see anything.
Tom only goes to school four days a week.
Tom needs to come up with something fast.
Tom needs to be careful not eat too much.
Tom isn't really going to do that, is he?
Tom is the best-looking guy in the class.
Tom is going to have to do it by himself.
Tom is going to be late for school today.
Tom is considering taking a coaching job.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom hasn't complained about anything yet.
Tom has illustrated several poetry books.
Tom has already told Mary not to do that.
Tom has a really good sense of direction.
Tom has a meeting this afternoon at 2:30.
Tom had better do what we told him to do.
Tom doesn't want to get in trouble again.
Tom doesn't want me to come to his party.
Tom doesn't seem to want to come with us.
Tom doesn't really understand how I feel.
Tom doesn't really believe that, does he?
Tom doesn't often stay out late at night.
Tom doesn't need to know where I'm going.
Tom doesn't need to know all the details.
Tom doesn't have to worry about anything.
Tom doesn't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom doesn't have to go to school anymore.
Tom doesn't have to do that now, does he?
Tom doesn't have to do it, but he should.
Tom doesn't have to answer that question.
Tom doesn't have anything to worry about.
Tom does know the difference, doesn't he?
Tom didn't give me the money I asked for.
Tom didn't give me the answer I expected.
Tom didn't actually believe that, did he?
Tom can't leave Boston until next Monday.
They asked me to make a speech in French.
The party won't start until Tom shows up.
The attack killed several hundred people.
That's an extremely complicated question.
Speaking French isn't easy, but it's fun.
Some of my friends can speak French well.
Only three people attended Tom's funeral.
Make sure Tom doesn't do anything stupid.
Learning a foreign language is hard work.
I have to study for tomorrow's French test.
I've heard that Tom's plans have changed.
I'd do this again if I had the chance to.
I was sick, so I stayed home from school.
I think that French grammar is difficult.
I really couldn't imagine that happening.
I probably should just stay in bed today.
I knew it would be hot in the auditorium.
I hope Tom doesn't mind if I leave early.
I have to stay home and take care of Tom.
I have few opportunities to speak French.
I don't think Tom would enjoy this movie.
Have you ever written a letter in French?
Getting out of bed this morning was hard.
Don't let the children go out after dark.
Does Tom want to watch the movie with us?
Do you know any doctors who speak French?
Did you see Tom while you were in Boston?
Contact Tom Jackson for more information.
Call 1-800-828-for more information.
You should tell Tom as soon as possible.
You should phone Tom as soon as you can.
You should call Tom as soon as possible.
You need to give this to Tom personally.
Would you please explain it more simply?
Would you like to sleep a little longer?
Tom's composition had a lot of mistakes.
Tom's car cost a lot more than mine did.
Tom was talking in his sleep last night.
Tom wants to be a professional musician.
Tom sucked his thumb until he was three.
Tom should do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom said investigations were continuing.
Tom said he'd give me the details later.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary went.
Tom said he didn't have anything to say.
Tom needs medical attention immediately.
Tom isn't likely to change his mind now.
Tom is going to laugh when he sees this.
Tom is going to have to stop doing that.
Tom has until 2:to finish the report.
Tom has repeatedly denied those charges.
Tom has made a significant contribution.
Tom has already decided to quit his job.
Tom has a lot of hard work ahead of him.
Tom has a date with Mary Friday evening.
Tom doesn't want anything to do with us.
Tom doesn't understand what's happening.
Tom doesn't seem to understand anything.
Tom doesn't really want me at his party.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't need to make dinner tonight.
Tom doesn't need to go to the dentist's.
Tom doesn't need to cancel his vacation.
Tom doesn't need to be there until 2:30.
Tom doesn't have to convince me of that.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license yet.
Tom didn't turn in his homework on time.
Tom didn't seem to want to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't seem to want to come with us.
Tom didn't know what he was going to do.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary what to do.
Tom didn't have to answer that question.
Tom did much better on this week's test.
Tom definitely needs to take a vacation.
Tom couldn't do what he was asked to do.
Tom could've told me about this earlier.
Tom could've been a little more helpful.
Tom can come back here anytime he wants.
Tom asked me to do his homework for him.
Tom asked a lot of questions, didn't he?
Tom and Mary would make a lovely couple.
Tom and I never did get along very well.
Tom already knows you're my best friend.
This song was very popular in the 1950s.
This is what Tom gave me last Christmas.
They say that money can't buy happiness.
There are some things you can't control.
The only language I can speak is French.
Someone told me Tom has moved to Boston.
Our neighborhood has many old buildings.
Nobody else believes Tom is still alive.
Next time, you should buy a larger size.
Maybe you can get Tom to tell Mary that.
It's been three years since Tom left me.
It appears that Tom knows what happened.
Is there someone here who speaks French?
Is there anything we need to talk about?
If I had a son, I wouldn't name him Tom.
I'm not convinced ghosts actually exist.
I'm going to sign up for a French class.
I'll be seeing Tom later this afternoon.
I wouldn't mind if Tom came to my party.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom does.
I wish I could cook as well as Tom does.
I was worried you wouldn't like it here.
I warned Tom once, but he didn't listen.
I paid attention to what Tom was saying.
I need a secretary who can speak French.
I don't think I'd mind doing this again.
I didn't expect Tom to get here on time.
I decided to major in French in college.
I can read French, but I can't speak it.
Have you ever heard Tom speaking French?
Everybody seemed to be paying attention.
Eventually, Tom will tell me everything.
Don't let Tom stay up past nine o'clock.
Don't let Tom drive. He's been drinking.
Do you have any books written in French?
Couldn't those parts have been replaced?
Contact Tom Jackson for further details.
Call me immediately if anything happens.
As soon as Tom gets here, I'll tell him.
All the students here must study French.
Your French leaves a lot to be desired.
You shouldn't pick your nose in public.
You shouldn't count on getting a raise.
You should clean your house more often.
You need to improve your people skills.
You can ask me about anything you want.
Why do you think I should study French?
Why do you allow Tom to do this to you?
Where have you been hanging out lately?
What song did Tom sing at your wedding?
We're going back to Boston this summer.
We need to make sure that this is true.
Tom's ideas are a little old-fashioned.
Tom's handwriting is very hard to read.
Tom's guitar is a lot better than mine.
Tom's computer is much newer than mine.
Tom's answer was different than Mary's.
Tom's French is actually not very good.
Tom works harder than anyone else does.
Tom won't be allowed to go there alone.
Tom won't be able to handle this alone.
Tom will tell me everything eventually.
Tom will probably sleep better tonight.
Tom will eventually find out the truth.
Tom told Mary that he wanted a divorce.
Tom swung the bat, but missed the ball.
Tom successfully completed the program.
Tom says he'll reconsider his decision.
Tom says he'll never go back to Boston.
Tom says he hasn't seen that movie yet.
Tom now requires around-the-clock care.
Tom may use my computer if he needs to.
Tom is three months behind in his rent.
Tom is expected to be here before 2:30.
Tom is a close personal friend of mine.
Tom has been my friend for a long time.
Tom has been in Boston for a long time.
Tom has already decided not to do that.
Tom has a really good sense of balance.
Tom has a fever and should stay in bed.
Tom had better not be wasting our time.
Tom had better be careful what he says.
Tom drew a picture of Mary and her dog.
Tom doesn't yet know what I want to do.
Tom doesn't think I can do it, does he?
Tom doesn't seem to know what he wants.
Tom doesn't really want me to help him.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary does.
Tom doesn't need to tell me what to do.
Tom doesn't need to take his shoes off.
Tom doesn't need to explain that to us.
Tom doesn't need to do this right away.
Tom doesn't need to be here until 2:30.
Tom doesn't look much like his brother.
Tom doesn't have to tell me what to do.
Tom doesn't have to tell me everything.
Tom doesn't have time to help us today.
Tom doesn't have permission to do that.
Tom didn't want to discuss the details.
Tom didn't seem to understand anything.
Tom didn't have to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't have to cancel his vacation.
Tom didn't give us any further details.
Tom couldn't have done this without me.
Tom couldn't explain what had happened.
Tom could sell that for a lot of money.
Tom could at least have said thank you.
Tom considers himself relatively lucky.
Tom can't be hungry. He just ate lunch.
Tom can swim much better than Mary can.
Tom bought a house in our neighborhood.
Tom arrived here before the rest of us.
Tom and Mary carpool whenever they can.
Tom and Mary aren't particularly close.
Tom always seems so sure about himself.
Tom always complains about the weather.
These pictures bring back bad memories.
This is something completely different.
They say that garlic repels mosquitoes.
These are the clothes that Tom gave me.
There's no cruise control on this car.
Their contract expired on October 20th.
The dry leaves immediately caught fire.
The contradiction is painfully obvious.
The boss wouldn't let us go home early.
That sounds like a reason to celebrate.
Sooner or later, Tom will drive me mad.
Several proposals have been considered.
One of your brake lights is burned out.
Normally, I wouldn't have been so busy.
Nobody can stop me from talking to Tom.
Most of Tom's children became teachers.
Maybe we should try to change that law.
Mary is a lot prettier than I remember.
Make sure you don't do anything stupid.
If you tried, you could save even more.
I've never played music professionally.
I've heard French is a tricky language.
I'm meeting Tom at the station at 2:30.
I'll be gone by the time Tom gets here.
I'd be very happy if you could do that.
I wouldn't mind if Tom borrowed my car.
I won't tell you where I keep my money.
I used to think that witches were real.
I think that would've been fascinating.
I think Tom is going to love this book.
I still need to deliver these packages.
I really wish Tom would behave himself.
I know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary got divorced.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules.
I don't think I'll tell Tom about this.
How many friends do you have in Boston?
How long have you been learning French?
How long do you study French every day?
Flight attendants, prepare for landing.
Everything has been thoroughly cleaned.
Don't be so hard on Tom. He meant well.
Does Tom want to see the movie with us?
Does Tom know how Mary feels about him?
Contracts have already been negotiated.
Can you explain why you don't like Tom?
Ask Tom whether Mary is at home or not.
Are you ready for a creative challenge?
Are you going to sell Tom your bicycle?
Apparently, Tom is very good at skiing.
"Do you speak French?" "Not very well."
Your statements contradict each other.
Your French has improved considerably.
You should ask Tom to do that for you.
You probably wouldn't understand this.
You don't seem to care about anything.
Who's the richest person in Australia?
When was the last time you helped Tom?
When was the last time you called Tom?
What was it that Tom bought yesterday?
What color will you paint the kitchen?
We're not going to buy anything today.
We want to learn some songs in French.
We couldn't have picked a better time.
We couldn't have picked a better spot.
We can ask Tom for help if we need it.
Tom's injury isn't considered serious.
Tom's handwriting is almost illegible.
Tom's French has improved quite a lot.
Tom wouldn't really do that, would he?
Tom tried to explain his idea to Mary.
Tom told me that he doesn't want that.
Tom told me he's never been to Boston.
Tom told me he'd like to come with us.
Tom still hasn't completely recovered.
Tom should have someone do it for him.
Tom should follow the doctor's advice.
Tom should be at home with his family.
Tom says he needs to buy a flashlight.
Tom says he learned French on his own.
Tom said he didn't need any more time.
Tom needs to make up his mind quickly.
Tom needs to change his eating habits.
Tom moved to Boston in his late teens.
Tom made his children go to bed early.
Tom is way too young to be doing this.
Tom is just an insecure control freak.
Tom is going to love living in Boston.
Tom is far too young to be doing this.
Tom is expected to be here until 2:30.
Tom is a better tennis player than me.
Tom has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Tom has to do what he thinks is right.
Tom has been missing for three months.
Tom has already given me enough money.
Tom has a younger brother, doesn't he?
Tom has a really big day ahead of him.
Tom has a lot of problems, doesn't he?
Tom had better hurry or he'll be late.
Tom doesn't want to know what I think.
Tom doesn't stand a chance of winning.
Tom doesn't really want me to do that.
Tom doesn't really mean that, does he?
Tom doesn't realize how smart Mary is.
Tom doesn't practice what he preaches.
Tom doesn't need to do that right now.
Tom doesn't need to be here on Monday.
Tom doesn't look like a child anymore.
Tom doesn't let his children watch TV.
Tom doesn't know what this is. Do you?
Tom doesn't know Mary as well as I do.
Tom doesn't have to worry about money.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to do that right now.
Tom doesn't have to decide right away.
Tom does everything Mary tells him to.
Tom didn't tell me he lived in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to want to go with us.
Tom didn't know Mary as well as I did.
Tom didn't have to tell me what to do.
Tom didn't have to tell me everything.
Tom didn't have to say or do anything.
Tom didn't have to go to school today.
Tom didn't answer any of my questions.
Tom couldn't come because he was busy.
Tom could probably help you with that.
Tom could come with me if he wants to.
Tom can tell me all the details later.
Tom can stay here as long as he likes.
Tom can sit next to me if he wants to.
Tom bought himself an expensive watch.
Tom and Mary came to an understanding.
Tom and Mary became engaged last year.
Tom already has enough to worry about.
Tom Jackson wasn't reelected governor.
Three homes were completely destroyed.
This reminds me of a girl I once knew.
This book is only available in French.
This book is also available in French.
That's where I'd go if I had the time.
That may be what's causing your hives.
Suddenly, the crowds stopped cheering.
Schedules are difficult to coordinate.
Please bring your own eating utensils.
Most of the passengers were Canadians.
Maybe Tom will go to Boston with Mary.
It's obvious what Tom is trying to do.
It won't be easy persuading Tom to go.
It was so noisy that we couldn't talk.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't let that happen.
I'm pretty sure it just wouldn't work.
I'm going to give Tom one last chance.
I'd love to know what's happening.
I wish Tom hadn't kissed me in public.
I think we could've done more to help.
I think this isn't going to be enough.
I think that would explain everything.
I think it's time for a career change.
I think Tom wouldn't enjoy this movie.
I recognized Tom the moment I saw him.
I persuaded Tom to let me use his car.
I hope Tom doesn't do anything stupid.
I hear from Tom at least once a month.
I have brought you what you asked for.
I don't think you've broken any bones.
I don't think Tom is going to hear us.
I don't know where Tom goes to school.
I didn't think you would win the race.
I consider that racial discrimination.
I can do things my father never could.
How much did they charge you for that?
Home prices have continued to decline.
Don't give it to Tom. Give it to Mary.
Don't disturb Tom while he's studying.
Do you want me to fix you up with Tom?
Clearly, we have different priorities.
Charges against Tom have been dropped.
Apparently, Tom is very good at chess.
Your outrage is completely justified.
You're comparing apples with oranges.
Would you say Tom is a good listener?
Why don't we just cancel the meeting?
Why do you let Tom to do this to you?
Why do people want to become doctors?
Who could've foreseen this happening?
We were completely taken by surprise.
We tried to stop Tom from doing that.
We couldn't stop Tom from doing that.
We could always ask Tom for his help.
Tom's girlfriend is older than he is.
Tom's birthday is the same as Mary's.
Tom's French is actually not so good.
Tom wouldn't leave us here, would he?
Tom works part-time at a supermarket.
Tom won't be happy here without Mary.
Tom won't be able to handle this job.
Tom will need a couple of bodyguards.
Tom will know about this soon enough.
Tom wasn't able to finish his dinner.
Tom was unable to attend the banquet.
Tom was the one who broke the window.
Tom tried to blend in with the crowd.
Tom swung the bat and hit a home run.
Tom said he needed to get some sleep.
Tom needs to do better the next time.
Tom isn't really afraid of me, is he?
Tom is forgetting something, I think.
Tom hasn't complained about anything.
Tom has three hours to get this done.
Tom has probably forgotten me by now.
Tom has done this before, I can tell.
Tom has come up with a few new ideas.
Tom has been waiting for three hours.
Tom has apparently committed suicide.
Tom has always been very competitive.
Tom has already told me how he feels.
Tom has already explained that to us.
Tom hardly ever talks about his work.
Tom forgot to tell Mary to buy bread.
Tom forgot to do his French homework.
Tom eventually became Mary's husband.
Tom doesn't want to hang out with us.
Tom doesn't want to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't use a computer every day.
Tom doesn't seem too happy to see us.
Tom doesn't really care what happens.
Tom doesn't really care what I think.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.
Tom doesn't need to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't know what Mary told John.
Tom doesn't have to worry about that.
Tom doesn't have to work next Monday.
Tom doesn't have to pay for anything.
Tom doesn't have to go to work today.
Tom doesn't have to give me anything.
Tom doesn't have to explain it to me.
Tom doesn't have to explain anything.
Tom doesn't have to do it right away.
Tom doesn't have to decide right now.
Tom doesn't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have time to do that now.
Tom doesn't have the guts to do that.
Tom does that a lot better than I do.
Tom didn't talk to Mary at the party.
Tom didn't sound like he was kidding.
Tom didn't require medical attention.
Tom didn't need to get here so early.
Tom didn't mention that on the phone.
Tom didn't look very happy to see me.
Tom didn't know which button to push.
Tom didn't have to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't have to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't have a lot to say, did he?
Tom definitely needs to take a break.
Tom could do much better if he tried.
Tom can come with you if he wants to.
Tom came home fairly late last night.
Tom barely spoke to Mary last summer.
Tom asked me what he could do for me.
Tom and Mary aren't paying attention.
Tom already knows what my opinion is.
This should become standard practice.
This has never bothered me until now.
This book was translated from French.
They've got everything under control.
They didn't give me my passport back.
That's one of our biggest challenges.
That would be terribly disappointing.
That was a complete misunderstanding.
Teachers are becoming more important.
Something has caught Tom's attention.
Someone told me Tom has quit his job.
Should we make the suggested changes?
Potentially, that could happen again.
Please remind me to call Tom at 2:30.
Please let Tom sleep a little longer.
Please bring your own fork and spoon.
Our city has become more multiethnic.
Mary is an extremely beautiful woman.
Let me be completely honest with you.
Jury deliberations will begin Monday.
It's difficult to eliminate cheating.
It's becoming really, really popular.
It cost twice as much as we expected.
I've never really liked Tom very much.
I've just come back from a long trip.
I'm considering buying a condominium.
I wish I could speak French fluently.
I went to the airport to see Tom off.
I was sick, so I didn't go to school.
I think we should change the subject.
I think that my French is really bad.
I think I eat a fairly balanced diet.
I speak French pretty much every day.
I need to convince people to help us.
I met a friend of Tom's this morning.
I knew something was going to happen.
I hope I can go to Australia one day.
I haven't seen Tom for almost a year.
I don't think Tom can hear very well.
I don't know when Tom will come back.
I don't know what Tom is looking for.
I don't have to study French tonight.
I didn't think that Tom was that old.
I certainly hope Tom doesn't do that.
I attended several parties last week.
I almost couldn't close the suitcase.
How do you say "thank you" in French?
How do we avoid this happening again?
Eventually, Tom and Mary got married.
Don't let Tom drink any orange juice.
Don't attempt to do this by yourself.
Do you usually talk to Tom in French?
Do you think you're smarter than Tom?
Construction should start in October.
Clearly Tom and Mary hate each other.
Are you sure Tom will let us do that?
Apparently, Tom used to be a teacher.
"Do you speak French?" "No, I don't."
You should spend more time with Tom.
You promised me that you would help.
You need to be home before midnight.
You don't have to tell me your name.
You could tell that Tom was in pain.
Why are many bars closed on Mondays?
Who would you recommend for the job?
We study French every day at school.
We never lock our doors around here.
We need to make changes around here.
We need to cut down operating costs.
We have a lot of things to consider.
We didn't expect all this attention.
We couldn't find Tom's contact lens.
We can depend on Tom to be punctual.
Tom's shoes don't fit him very well.
Tom wrote that song three years ago.
Tom wouldn't let me buy him a drink.
Tom wouldn't lend his bicycle to me.
Tom will understand this eventually.
Tom was captured almost immediately.
Tom was Mary's first real boyfriend.
Tom usually doesn't work on Mondays.
Tom took Mary to the emergency room.
Tom should get down here right away.
Tom received the award posthumously.
Tom isn't leaving until 2:30, right?
Tom is way too old to be doing this.
Tom is the tallest guy in his class.
Tom is starting to get on my nerves.
Tom is roughly the same age as Mary.
Tom is roughly the same age as I am.
Tom is going to find out eventually.
Tom is going to eat with us tonight.
Tom is going in the wrong direction.
Tom is far too old to be doing this.
Tom is extraordinarily good-looking.
Tom injured his foot playing soccer.
Tom hasn't been working hard enough.
Tom has written several other books.
Tom has to learn to be more careful.
Tom has to give Mary another chance.
Tom has other things to worry about.
Tom has done so much for us already.
Tom has changed more than I thought.
Tom has been in Boston way too long.
Tom hardly ever talks about himself.
Tom got home pretty late last night.
Tom gave us something to talk about.
Tom eventually became an instructor.
Tom doesn't waste any time, does he?
Tom doesn't think I did it, does he?
Tom doesn't seem all that old to me.
Tom doesn't need to work on Sundays.
Tom doesn't need to wait any longer.
Tom doesn't need to know about that.
Tom doesn't need to decide that now.
Tom doesn't know very much about me.
Tom doesn't have to stay home today.
Tom doesn't have to pretend with me.
Tom doesn't have to pay me anything.
Tom doesn't have to do this anymore.
Tom doesn't have to apologize to me.
Tom doesn't get up as early as I do.
Tom does seem a lot different today.
Tom didn't tell anyone else, did he?
Tom didn't sound entirely convinced.
Tom didn't seem too happy to see me.
Tom didn't seem surprised to see me.
Tom didn't really mean that, did he?
Tom didn't know what Mary told John.
Tom didn't have to work last Monday.
Tom didn't have to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't have to pay for anything.
Tom didn't have to help, but he did.
Tom didn't have to explain it to me.
Tom didn't have Mary's phone number.
Tom didn't come to school on Monday.
Tom did something incredibly stupid.
Tom couldn't be contacted yesterday.
Tom avoided answering our questions.
Tom and Mary split a bottle of wine.
Tom and I have become close friends.
Tom and I are never likely to agree.
Tom Jackson has written three books.
Those figures couldn't be confirmed.
This is the book I want you to read.
This contract is totally ridiculous.
They don't understand French at all.
These shirts are both the same size.
There's no need to concern yourself.
There's no difference between these.
There really weren't any challenges.
The weather here can change quickly.
The problem has become more complex.
The police believe Tom was murdered.
The investigation could take months.
The garage was completely destroyed.
That's the most immediate challenge.
That'll be an interesting challenge.
That looks a lot like Tom's ex-wife.
That concludes my opening statement.
Read all the instructions carefully.
Obviously, you've changed your mind.
My grandchildren attend this school.
Mary is in the kitchen, cleaning up.
It's difficult to speak French well.
It's a shame Tom couldn't come, too.
If I were you, I wouldn't trust Tom.
I've studied French for a few years.
I've just returned from a long trip.
I'm not overly concerned about that.
I'm going to study French next year.
I'd never repeat that if I were you.
I'd like to become a French teacher.
I wish this would happen more often.
I used to get good grades in French.
I thought Tom's plan was a good one.
I thought Tom would lose his temper.
I think we need to change our plans.
I think that Tom speaks French well.
I think it's time for an oil change.
I think Tom is Mary's older brother.
I think Tom doesn't love me anymore.
I started studying French last year.
I need to buy some medicine for Tom.
I hope my book becomes a bestseller.
I helped Tom even though I was busy.
I haven't told anyone, not even Tom.
I have to get this finished by 2:30.
I have to buy some medicine for Tom.
I feel like I'm close to a solution.
I don't get up as early as Tom does.
I didn't know that Tom was Canadian.
I can't do all of this without help.
I can't believe Tom really did that.
I arrived just when Tom was leaving.
How do they celebrate anniversaries?
Hopefully, Tom will change his mind.
French isn't too difficult to learn.
Don't let anyone turn off the light.
Don't let Tom take advantage of you.
Doing that definitely couldn't hurt.
Didn't you say Tom was an architect?
Could you please wipe off the table?
Construction could begin in October.
Can you get Tom to come to my party?
Ask Tom if he'll attend the meeting.
Are you coming to the party tonight?
A lot of people are waiting for Tom.
A lot has changed since I was a kid.
A little warning would've been nice.
Your anger is completely justified.
Your troubles are just beginning.
You're not being very constructive.
You're definitely smarter than Tom.
You're being completely irrational.
You wouldn't recognize Tom anymore.
You may do whatever you want to do.
You didn't tell me Tom was so rich.
Would you please sign our petition?
Why don't you want to learn French?
Why did you decide to learn French?
Who taught you how to speak French?
Where did you catch all those fish?
When did you go to Boston with Tom?
When did you begin to learn French?
What would you recommend that I do?
What do you think of Tom's cooking?
We've finally stopped the bleeding.
We're not going back there anymore.
We're encouraging everyone to come.
We're concerned about Tom's future.
We'll have a French test on Monday.
We couldn't have timed this better.
We became best friends immediately.
Try to put yourself in Tom's shoes.
Tom's friendship means a lot to me.
Tom's French was surprisingly good.
Tom writes very neatly, doesn't he?
Tom wouldn't drive a car like this.
Tom works part-time as a bartender.
Tom will stay here with us tonight.
Tom will pay for what he did to us.
Tom took these pictures, didn't he?
Tom says that he's willing to help.
Tom says he's not coming back here.
Tom says he isn't afraid of ghosts.
Tom probably doesn't know who I am.
Tom never complains about anything.
Tom is the man wearing the red tie.
Tom is not good at keeping secrets.
Tom is going to owe me a big favor.
Tom is going to make a good father.
Tom is going to have to try harder.
Tom is going to have to pay for it.
Tom is expected to be here by 2:30.
Tom is even crazier than I thought.
Tom is either brave or very stupid.
Tom is busy writing the report now.
Tom hasn't been officially charged.
Tom has poor hand-eye coordination.
Tom has never celebrated Christmas.
Tom has already drunk all the milk.
Tom has achieved very good results.
Tom grabbed his briefcase and left.
Tom got paid more than he expected.
Tom eats a lot more than Mary does.
Tom doesn't want to see me anymore.
Tom doesn't tell stories very well.
Tom doesn't really want to do this.
Tom doesn't need to worry about me.
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.
Tom doesn't necessarily have to go.
Tom doesn't miss anything, does he?
Tom doesn't know what he's missing.
Tom doesn't know what I want to do.
Tom doesn't have to worry about it.
Tom doesn't have to move to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to do this for me.
Tom does that a lot better than me.
Tom didn't have to raise his voice.
Tom didn't have to come here today.
Tom didn't have to apologize to me.
Tom didn't give me any alternative.
Tom didn't get Mary's phone number.
Tom didn't complain about anything.
Tom didn't buy me what I asked for.
Tom definitely needs some time off.
Tom can use my bicycle if he wants.
Tom can swim much better than Mary.
Tom asked me a couple of questions.
Tom always forgets Mary's birthday.
Tom Jackson works here, doesn't he?
This has become a yearly tradition.
This bicycle used to belong to Tom.
They should've contacted us by now.
They didn't speak French very well.
These things only happen in Boston.
These shirts are all the same size.
The jury began deliberating Monday.
The investigation could take weeks.
The guy standing over there is Tom.
The equations are very complicated.
The construction could take months.
The cause wasn't immediately known.
The cause wasn't immediately clear.
The bus you want doesn't stop here.
That's exactly what's bothering me.
That's completely beside the point.
That wouldn't be my recommendation.
That guy over there looks like Tom.
That attack killed thirteen people.
Something could've been overlooked.
Neither defendant was found guilty.
It's really unbelievable, isn't it?
It's definitely worth checking out.
It's both challenging and exciting.
It's an extremely worthwhile cause.
It's a really complicated question.
It's Tom's turn to wash the dishes.
It wouldn't do any good to do that.
It would be nice if you could help.
Is this the key you're looking for?
I've been concentrating on my work.
I'm especially concerned about Tom.
I'm clearly missing something here.
I'll help Tom do that after supper.
I'd like to study French next year.
I'd be very happy if you'd help me.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that.
I was brought here against my will.
I warned Tom, but he didn't listen.
I thought you wanted to go with us.
I think Tom has a drinking problem.
I often help Tom with his homework.
I need to give this package to Tom.
I have a basic knowledge of French.
I don't think anything will change.
I don't believe they would do that.
I didn't tell anyone, not even Tom.
I could hear Tom and Mary laughing.
I can't wait to go back home again.
I can't believe no one was injured.
How much did this bicycle cost you?
Friendships tend to be challenging.
Don't let anyone press this button.
Do you still have feelings for Tom?
Did you tell Tom about what we did?
Did you know that Tom quit his job?
Ask Tom when he plans to come back.
Ask Tom if he'll be at the meeting.
Ask Tom about it when he gets here.
Apparently, Tom is very good at it.
Anybody can contribute their ideas.
Actually, that's not quite correct.
You've made that abundantly clear.
You weren't even paying attention.
You should help Tom in the garden.
You seem to speak French fluently.
You need to change with the times.
Would you mind calling Tom for me?
Why don't you ever talk about Tom?
Why don't you ask Tom to help you?
Where in Boston do you want to go?
What did Tom sing at your wedding?
We're excited about the challenge.
We're bound to have some problems.
We need to get back to the basics.
We couldn't stop Tom from leaving.
Unfortunately, help came too late.
Tom's troubles are only beginning.
Tom's intentions were quite clear.
Tom's comments were inappropriate.
Tom wouldn't let me into his room.
Tom wouldn't hit anyone, would he?
Tom would've been able to do that.
Tom would tell you the same thing.
Tom would be perfect for this job.
Tom will want to read this report.
Tom will have to do it by himself.
Tom was in Boston for three years.
Tom tried on his father's clothes.
Tom should've let me know earlier.
Tom should lie low for a few days.
Tom should have his eyes examined.
Tom should do what Mary suggested.
Tom should at least take a shower.
Tom says he's feeling very sleepy.
Tom says he taught himself French.
Tom says he can't believe anybody.
Tom recently converted to Judaism.
Tom needs to borrow your umbrella.
Tom isn't our largest contributor.
Tom isn't going to do that, is he?
Tom isn't from around here, is he?
Tom is such a good French speaker.
Tom is going to need one of these.
Tom is going to have a great time.
Tom is exceptionally good-looking.
Tom is definitely not on the list.
Tom is coordinating this activity.
Tom is a hard person to say no to.
Tom has done nothing but complain.
Tom has done everything he can do.
Tom has confessed to these crimes.
Tom has been to Boston, hasn't he?
Tom has been pretty busy all week.
Tom has been doing well at school.
Tom has already made his decision.
Tom has a lot of explaining to do.
Tom got tired of waiting and left.
Tom doesn't yet know why I'm here.
Tom doesn't want me here, does he?
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.
Tom doesn't usually drive to work.
Tom doesn't sound very optimistic.
Tom doesn't seem too enthusiastic.
Tom doesn't need to worry anymore.
Tom doesn't need to speak so loud.
Tom doesn't need to keep anything.
Tom doesn't need to help us today.
Tom doesn't need to be here today.
Tom doesn't miss a thing, does he?
Tom doesn't look very happy today.
Tom doesn't know how worried I am.
Tom doesn't know a thing about me.
Tom doesn't have to tell me again.
Tom doesn't have to face it alone.
Tom doesn't have to do this alone.
Tom doesn't have to do that today.
Tom doesn't have to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't even know what I want.
Tom doesn't even know my name yet.
Tom didn't want to seem desperate.
Tom didn't tell me what was wrong.
Tom didn't seem very enthusiastic.
Tom didn't seem totally convinced.
Tom didn't know what it was about.
Tom didn't know how worried I was.
Tom didn't have to do this for me.
Tom didn't have to do that either.
Tom didn't have to come yesterday.
Tom couldn't be reached yesterday.
Tom could be here for a long time.
Tom can't come to school tomorrow.
Tom can probably fix that for you.
Tom can likely solve that problem.
Tom can help you do that, I think.
Tom can come, too, if he wants to.
Tom became a staunch conservative.
Tom avoided answering my question.
Tom asked if I liked Mexican food.
Tom asked all the right questions.
Tom and I were on the same flight.
Tom Jackson is our French teacher.
Things are getting back to normal.
Things are changing quite rapidly.
These are very competitive prices.
There's little cause for optimism.
There isn't anything to celebrate.
The waitress brought me my coffee.
The situation has become hopeless.
The price hasn't changed in years.
The noise gradually became louder.
The evidence is fairly conclusive.
That would be truly revolutionary.
Perhaps we could do that tomorrow.
Our situation has become critical.
Nobody will convince me otherwise.
No special celebration is planned.
No one seems to know where Tom is.
My French is actually not so good.
It's a very challenging racetrack.
It would've been risky to do that.
I'm sure Tom is very proud of you.
I'm looking for a present for Tom.
I'm clearly doing something wrong.
I wonder where my wallet could be.
I went to the hospital to see Tom.
I told Tom all about the accident.
I thought that would interest you.
I think that would be fascinating.
I think I'm pretty good at French.
I don't think Tom has any friends.
I don't need to know how it works.
I don't consider that appropriate.
I don't consider myself religious.
I did everything I could think of.
I asked Tom to wake me up at 2:30.
How could Tom not have known that?
Higher gas prices cause inflation.
French isn't a difficult language.
French is an interesting language.
Frankly, I'm not overly concerned.
Everything was supposed to change.
Everyone is concerned and worried.
Everybody knows I'm back, I think.
Everybody is concerned about that.
Don't let anyone open the windows.
Don't blame Tom for what happened.
Do you know why no one trusts Tom?
Did you tell Tom about your plans?
Did anyone see Tom here yesterday?
Deliveries will continue as usual.
Could I ask you to do that for me?
Clearly, something has gone wrong.
Ask Tom to attend today's meeting.
Are you sure you've never met Tom?
Absolutely nobody saw this coming.
You should discuss this with Tom.
You just aren't paying attention.
You couldn't handle the pressure.
Would people complain about that?
Why would Tom want to go with us?
We've been cleared for departure.
We spent time together in Boston.
We closed the office early today.
We bought Tom a birthday present.
Try breathing through your mouth.
Tom's hair is longer than Mary's.
Tom wouldn't hurt Mary, would he?
Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
Tom was able to get his job back.
Tom wants to play chess with you.
Tom signed a three-year contract.
Tom says he's feeling better now.
Tom keeps treating me like a kid.
Tom isn't qualified for that job.
Tom isn't likely to want to come.
Tom is going to love living here.
Tom is going to have to go alone.
Tom is going to get through this.
Tom is going to be my son-in-law.
Tom is going to be late for work.
Tom is expected to do a good job.
Tom is doing his French homework.
Tom is a little too young for me.
Tom hasn't violated his contract.
Tom hasn't seen this picture yet.
Tom hasn't left the building yet.
Tom hasn't bought his ticket yet.
Tom hasn't been trying very hard.
Tom hasn't been paying attention.
Tom has nothing to apologize for.
Tom has friends who can help him.
Tom has decided to buy a new car.
Tom has been told not to do that.
Tom has been doing pretty good.
Tom has a good chance of winning.
Tom had better not do that again.
Tom had better not be late again.
Tom gave us everything we needed.
Tom enjoys working here, I think.
Tom enjoys watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't sound very confident.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy.
Tom doesn't really understand me.
Tom doesn't really know, does he?
Tom doesn't owe anybody anything.
Tom doesn't need to say anything.
Tom doesn't need to pay anything.
Tom doesn't need to buy anything.
Tom doesn't need my help anymore.
Tom doesn't know how lucky he is.
Tom doesn't have to talk so loud.
Tom doesn't have to get up early.
Tom doesn't have to decide today.
Tom doesn't have to be so formal.
Tom doesn't have a clue, does he?
Tom didn't sound very optimistic.
Tom didn't look happy to see you.
Tom didn't know how lucky he was.
Tom didn't have to do that today.
Tom didn't give me what I wanted.
Tom didn't give me what I needed.
Tom didn't even know what it was.
Tom didn't complete his homework.
Tom did that on purpose, I think.
Tom desperately needs a vacation.
Tom could go home if he wants to.
Tom can't swim very well, can he?
Tom can't stay mad at me forever.
Tom can't possibly be that naive.
Tom can't go to Boston next week.
Tom can't go anywhere by himself.
Tom can't do anything about that.
Tom can tell Mary if he wants to.
Tom can take a break if he wants.
Tom can play the guitar, I think.
Tom believes Mary killed herself.
Tom became Mary's closest friend.
Tom barely touched his breakfast.
Tom and Mary can't both be right.
Tom always seem to be in trouble.
Tom already knew that, didn't he?
This could've happened to anyone.
Things couldn't have gone better.
The waiting room is clearing out.
The place is completely deserted.
The fire caused extensive damage.
The evaluation could take months.
The department's rules are clear.
The cause hasn't been pinpointed.
The audience burst into applause.
That's what's causing your hives.
That would be really interesting.
That sounds a little complicated.
That smell could be rotting meat.
That seems completely fair to me.
That concern has been eliminated.
Someone could get seriously hurt.
Prejudice will continue to exist.
Perhaps the report was incorrect.
Pay attention to what's going on.
Nothing would've made me happier.
Nobody has been formally charged.
Nobody can convince me otherwise.
Making changes will be difficult.
It's difficult to understand you.
It's a very cheerful celebration.
It looks like Tom is drunk again.
It cost me three hundred dollars.
Is that clear enough for you now?
Is Tom going to be home tomorrow?
I've never cooked professionally.
I'm sure Tom won't remember Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom knows French.
I'm looking forward to competing.
I'm happy Tom has come back home.
I'm going to send Tom some money.
I'm excited about this challenge.
I'd like to go on another cruise.
I wish we didn't have to do that.
I wish more people would recycle.
I used to keep a diary in French.
I think granola bars are healthy.
I think Tom works in this office.
I think Tom is overly optimistic.
I often help Tom do his homework.
I hope Tom isn't still mad at me.
I don't expect any complications.
I don't believe Tom will do that.
I could sense that Tom was upset.
I can't sing as well as Tom does.
I can't do all of this by myself.
I can't cook as well as Tom does.
How would that inconvenience you?
Here's where it gets complicated.
Everyone should be extra careful.
Don't mention this matter to Tom.
Don't let anyone close this door.
Don't blame your mistakes on Tom.
Don't always take sides with Tom.
Does anybody really care anymore?
Do you want Tom to know about it?
Do you know why no one likes Tom?
Do you know what's become of Tom?
Do I need to explain this to Tom?
Could this possibly happen again?
Could Tom really be that devious?
Can you tell me why you like Tom?
Can you tell me why you did that?
Bring your own fishing equipment.
Apparently, not much has changed.
Any suggestions would be helpful.
You shouldn't go out after dark.
You shouldn't call people liars.
You should have your car washed.
You need to study French harder.
You need to eat more vegetables.
You have to study French harder.
You can change that if you want.
Would Tom let you drive his car?
Why would that inconvenience me?
Who could possibly believe this?
What time do you put Tom to bed?
What difference would that make?
What are they complaining about?
What are the biggest challenges?
What Tom said didn't make sense.
We're committed to doing better.
We plan to close early tomorrow.
We have a long walk ahead of us.
We could've been great together.
Tom's house needs to be painted.
Tom's house burned down in 2013.
Tom's help isn't needed anymore.
Tom's handwriting is unreadable.
Tom's father is older than mine.
Tom's comment was inappropriate.
Tom would never do such a thing.
Tom won't believe what happened.
Tom won't be the only one there.
Tom won't be back until evening.
Tom won't be allowed to do that.
Tom will never get away with it.
Tom weighs a lot less than Mary.
Tom walked back into his office.
Tom told me to think for myself.
Tom talked with Mary about that.
Tom says he's never coming back.
Tom says he can't trust anybody.
Tom said he doesn't care at all.
Tom said he didn't need a break.
Tom rarely talks about his work.
Tom never even tried to help me.
Tom needs to get more organized.
Tom needs to get back here soon.
Tom might still change his mind.
Tom may go with you if he wants.
Tom may eat as much as he wants.
Tom looks a little better today.
Tom just changed his mind again.
Tom isn't very organized, is he?
Tom is going to miss his flight.
Tom is going to have to do that.
Tom is feeling better, isn't he?
Tom is expected to come by 2:30.
Tom is a close friend of Mary's.
Tom helps Mary with the cooking.
Tom has nothing to be scared of.
Tom has nothing to be afraid of.
Tom has no authority to do that.
Tom has good reason to be angry.
Tom has done the best he can do.
Tom has been very understanding.
Tom has been busy all afternoon.
Tom has been acting weird today.
Tom has always been competitive.
Tom has accepted our invitation.
Tom has a black dog, doesn't he?
Tom got some paint on his shoes.
Tom doesn't want to be a lawyer.
Tom doesn't want me to help you.
Tom doesn't think Mary is right.
Tom doesn't think I can do this.
Tom doesn't seem very surprised.
Tom doesn't seem very satisfied.
Tom doesn't seem very impressed.
Tom doesn't seem very concerned.
Tom doesn't seem to want to win.
Tom doesn't need to do that now.
Tom doesn't need to do anything.
Tom doesn't look all that happy.
Tom doesn't have to wait for me.
Tom doesn't have to tell me why.
Tom doesn't have to go in there.
Tom doesn't have to do anything.
Tom doesn't have to convince me.
Tom doesn't have to come see me.
Tom doesn't have to answer that.
Tom doesn't get enough exercise.
Tom doesn't complain about much.
Tom does get around, doesn't he?
Tom didn't tell me this was his.
Tom didn't sound very surprised.
Tom didn't sound very confident.
Tom didn't seem to recognize me.
Tom didn't say how much it cost.
Tom didn't have to wait in line.
Tom didn't have to stay with me.
Tom didn't have to be so formal.
Tom didn't buy me what I wanted.
Tom didn't buy me what I needed.
Tom did all he could do to help.
Tom deserved everything he got.
Tom could've talked to me first.
Tom could've stayed at my place.
Tom could've hurt himself today.
Tom could be Mary's replacement.
Tom committed suicide last year.
Tom committed suicide in prison.
Tom can't be at today's meeting.
Tom can do it better than I can.
Tom brought a bottle of tequila.
Tom bought some patio furniture.
Tom and Mary are in the library.
Tom accepted all of their gifts.
This isn't all that complicated.
Things couldn't be going better.
They only care about themselves.
They brought this on themselves.
There are some obvious concerns.
There are also privacy concerns.
The situation is out of control.
The road was under construction.
The one who did that wasn't Tom.
The investigation is continuing.
The funding could be inadequate.
The captain's orders were clear.
The audience burst out laughing.
That's what brought us together.
That's something Tom used to do.
That's probably about to change.
That would've been entertaining.
That would've been embarrassing.
That would've been discourteous.
That should get Tom's attention.
That could've been embarrassing.
Some people say I look like Tom.
Some people don't own computers.
Perhaps there are other reasons.
People around here have changed.
Overpopulation is a big concern.
Our products sell well overseas.
Our pricing is very competitive.
Nothing more could've been done.
Not much has changed since then.
Nobody cares about our problems.
Nobody cares about my situation.
No Canadian would ever say that.
Naturally, I was very concerned.
My children were born in Boston.
My blood pressure is quite high.
Meeting Tom has changed my life.
Mary is a very attractive woman.
Let's hope Tom doesn't find out.
It's unclear why Tom isn't here.
It's something we might attempt.
It's naive to believe otherwise.
It's extremely concerning to us.
It's bound to happen eventually.
It's a major tourist attraction.
It caught everybody by surprise.
If Tom is going, I'm going, too.
I've made up my mind to do that.
I'm watching the market closely.
I'm tired of your snide remarks.
I'm deeply concerned about this.
I'm concerned about health care.
I'll try to keep Tom distracted.
I'll continue being the manager.
I'd like to be fluent in French.
I wouldn't mind if Tom did that.
I wouldn't let anybody hurt you.
I would've liked to go with you.
I wish you hadn't told Tom that.
I wasn't complaining about that.
I wasn't able to catch the ball.
I was a French major in college.
I want to buy a present for Tom.
I think that this isn't correct.
I think Tom has already seen it.
I think Tom did this on purpose.
I think Mary is very attractive.
I sincerely, truly believe that.
I read a lot of books in French.
I personally don't care anymore.
I know a girl who speaks French.
I have a good French dictionary.
I hate doing this kind of stuff.
I expect to be back before 2:30.
I don't think that could happen.
I don't think anything's broken.
I don't think Tom can hear Mary.
I don't know where Tom was born.
I don't consider that expensive.
I couldn't help overhearing you.
I couldn't be more disappointed.
I could hear everybody cheering.
I can't think clearly sometimes.
I asked Tom if dinner was ready.
How much do you want to bet?
How many pork chops did you buy?
French isn't difficult to learn.
Everything's under control here.
Don't speak French in the class.
Don't let anyone open this door.
Don't let Tom touch my computer.
Don't leave the fire unattended.
Don't blame this mistake on Tom.
Don't blame me for what happens.
Does the government really care?
Does anyone really care anymore?
Does Tom know that you love him?
Did you take Tom to the airport?
Did you see Tom at school today?
Did you grow up speaking French?
Construction started in October.
Ask Tom where he parked his car.
Ask Tom what we need to do next.
An injustice has been corrected.
You spelled the word correctly.
You shouldn't have backed down.
You should visit us more often.
You should get your car washed.
You should be at home with Tom.
You should ask Tom to help you.
You probably think Tom is deaf.
You need to learn how to drive.
Yes, of course, you're correct.
Would you like to learn French?
Why would they need to do that?
Who wouldn't want to live here?
Which wine would you recommend?
What would be the consequences?
What else would you like to do?
What connection could there be?
What caused the budget deficit?
We're not concerned about that.
We're deeply concerned by that.
We need to make the change now.
We haven't yet closed the deal.
We couldn't help being friends.
We can always ask Tom for help.
Tom's new house is really nice.
Tom's guess is as good as mine.
Tom's flight has been canceled.
Tom's books have sold millions.
Tom wouldn't go into specifics.
Tom wouldn't do that, would he?
Tom would help us, wouldn't he?
Tom won't return until evening.
Tom will wait for us, won't he?
Tom will stay at home tomorrow.
Tom will never allow you to go.
Tom will keep his word, I hope.
Tom will have to go without us.
Tom will have to go by himself.
Tom will be coming back Monday.
Tom was in Boston last weekend.
Tom should've said "thank you."
Tom says he needs a break, too.
Tom said no one could help him.
Tom said he had a good weekend.
Tom said he didn't have a plan.
Tom promised to do that for us.
Tom plans to continue teaching.
Tom only did what he had to do.
Tom now faces criminal charges.
Tom needs to decide what to do.
Tom knows how competitive I am.
Tom isn't welcome here anymore.
Tom is still in intensive care.
Tom is interested in computers.
Tom is going to be proud of me.
Tom is full of surprises today.
Tom is facing criminal charges.
Tom is doing a good job so far.
Tom is concerned about funding.
Tom is being very unreasonable.
Tom is a very tough competitor.
Tom is a better person than me.
Tom is a better driver than me.
Tom invited everyone to attend.
Tom has to get to the hospital.
Tom has gained a lot of weight.
Tom has done a pretty good job.
Tom has done a magnificent job.
Tom has done a good job so far.
Tom has been really good to me.
Tom has been doing a great job.
Tom has authored several books.
Tom has always been good to me.
Tom has already achieved a lot.
Tom has all the money he needs.
Tom had better get out of here.
Tom goes to school, doesn't he?
Tom finished college last year.
Tom eventually became a doctor.
Tom doesn't want us to do that.
Tom doesn't talk much, does he?
Tom doesn't seem too surprised.
Tom doesn't seem too convinced.
Tom doesn't seem all that busy.
Tom doesn't need to work today.
Tom doesn't need my permission.
Tom doesn't look all that busy.
Tom doesn't live here, does he?
Tom doesn't know what you want.
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.
Tom doesn't know all the facts.
Tom doesn't have to do it here.
Tom doesn't have to believe me.
Tom doesn't have all the facts.
Tom doesn't have a temperature.
Tom doesn't have a lot of time.
Tom doesn't have a good memory.
Tom doesn't get paid very much.
Tom does want this, doesn't he?
Tom does like jazz, doesn't he?
Tom didn't understand anything.
Tom didn't seem very surprised.
Tom didn't seem very satisfied.
Tom didn't seem very impressed.
Tom didn't seem to want to win.
Tom didn't need any convincing.
Tom didn't look all that happy.
Tom didn't know how bad it was.
Tom didn't know Mary very well.
Tom didn't have to wait for me.
Tom didn't have to do it alone.
Tom didn't have to do anything.
Tom didn't have to come see me.
Tom didn't get paid last month.
Tom didn't even try to help me.
Tom didn't attend the ceremony.
Tom didn't attend that meeting.
Tom did it on purpose, I think.
Tom couldn't get his shoes off.
Tom couldn't finish his dinner.
Tom could've told me the truth.
Tom could've ruined everything.
Tom could use some cheering up.
Tom can't stay here any longer.
Tom can wear anything he wants.
Tom can tell me about it later.
Tom became our manager in 2013.
Tom acted as if he didn't care.
Ticket sales will begin Monday.
This report was written by Tom.
This experience has changed me.
This doghouse was built by Tom.
Things have changed since then.
Things couldn't get any better.
Things change very slowly here.
These shirts need to be washed.
There was nothing to celebrate.
The water is beginning to boil.
The waiter brought me my drink.
The trial will continue Monday.
The treasure could be anywhere.
The situation became very dire.
The situation became dangerous.
The reason soon became obvious.
The problem continues to exist.
The modifications are complete.
The kids suddenly become quiet.
The fog made driving difficult.
The contract expires next year.
The contract expired on Monday.
The boy speaking French is Tom.
That's what caused our problem.
That's going to cause problems.
That's another concern of mine.
That would probably make sense.
That would never happen, right?
That would be very unfortunate.
That would be so inappropriate.
That information isn't correct.
That could take several months.
That book is written in French.
Some customs will never change.
Please read my reply carefully.
Parents were invited to attend.
Our wedding plans have changed.
Nothing's ever going to change.
Nothing has been confirmed yet.
My life has changed completely.
My ankles often become swollen.
Maybe Tom has changed his mind.
Life has become very difficult.
Let's try to change the system.
It's such a unique combination.
It's hard to speak French well.
It's definitely very confusing.
It wasn't me who told Tom that.
Is there a contradiction there?
Is it true that you kissed Tom?
Is it true that Tom kissed you?
I've been coaching three years.
I'm very, very, very concerned.
I'm sure that Tom can fix this.
I'm sad for everyone concerned.
I'm going to go there with Tom.
I'm going to call Tom tomorrow.
I'm a retired flight attendant.
I won't tell anyone about this.
I think that would really hurt.
I think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I learned how to cook from Tom.
I know only one way to do this.
I helped Tom clean the kitchen.
I don't get up as early as Tom.
I don't care how much it costs.
I couldn't survive without Tom.
I couldn't get it done on time.
I could've done that by myself.
I could feel the house shaking.
I certainly don't condone that.
I can't believe we got invited.
How much did this bicycle cost?
How do you plan to change this?
French is not an easy language.
Everyone is concerned about it.
Everyone has a signed contract.
Everybody seems to be confused.
Everybody is invited to attend.
Don't let Tom watch that movie.
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.
Don't let Tom do it by himself.
Don't let Tom answer the phone.
Don't give Tom my phone number.
Don't forget your bathing suit.
Don't count on Tom to help you.
Don't be afraid to talk to Tom.
Does anyone really believe Tom?
Do you want me to do something?
Do you think that's attainable?
Do you know Tom, by any chance?
Did Tom tell you why he did it?
Could this have been prevented?
Can you imagine Tom doing that?
Can you help me with my French?
Can people change their habits?
Boxing isn't like other sports.
Both of us will have to change.
Ask Tom what we should do next.
A background check is required.
You should write Tom a letter.
You should clean up this mess.
You should ask Tom to do that.
You could've resuscitated Tom.
You certainly deserve a break.
Will people actually buy this?
Why would you need to do that?
Why would anyone be surprised?
Why would Tom want me to help?
Why would Tom need to do that?
Why don't you ask Tom to help?
Why couldn't someone help Tom?
Why are you reading that book?
Who could complain about that?
Who are you leaving in charge?
Which one would you recommend?
What's been keeping you awake?
What else are you considering?
What could be more worthwhile?
What could I have done better?
What changes should we expect?
What Chinese food do you like?
We're still a little confused.
We're concerned about it, too.
We're aware of the challenges.
We'll continue to support Tom.
We'll continue to be vigilant.
We wish you continued success.
We wish Tom continued success.
We should be paying attention.
We need to reduce labor costs.
We have to remain competitive.
Tomorrow we will attack again.
Tom's hypothesis is plausible.
Tom's family owns this bakery.
Tom's condition isn't serious.
Tom's birthday is coming soon.
Tom's advice has been helpful.
Tom would've loved this movie.
Tom would've liked to be here.
Tom would like to go with you.
Tom won't get home until 2:30.
Tom won't be allowed to leave.
Tom will soon learn the truth.
Tom will need some more money.
Tom will be difficult to beat.
Tom went out with his friends.
Tom wasn't wearing a name tag.
Tom was killed with a crowbar.
Tom was killed in an accident.
Tom was cleared of wrongdoing.
Tom tends to exaggerate a lot.
Tom talked with Mary about it.
Tom spent some time with Mary.
Tom signed the contract first.
Tom should make a reservation.
Tom said you'd gone to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't want this.
Tom refused medical attention.
Tom pays attention to details.
Tom often breaks his promises.
Tom needs to get a steady job.
Tom may eat anything he wants.
Tom jumped back into the pool.
Tom isn't like the rest of us.
Tom isn't afraid of me, is he?
Tom is the richest guy I know.
Tom is going to need one, too.
Tom is going to have to leave.
Tom is going to be late again.
Tom is going to be happy here.
Tom is getting the hang of it.
Tom is getting better at that.
Tom is enjoying this, I think.
Tom is doing it the wrong way.
Tom is doing everything wrong.
Tom is doing an excellent job.
Tom is considering doing that.
Tom is a very patient teacher.
Tom is a very competitive guy.
Tom hurt himself this morning.
Tom has to do that right away.
Tom has to call Mary tomorrow.
Tom has some serious problems.
Tom has signed a new contract.
Tom has done well for himself.
Tom has done very well so far.
Tom has done more than enough.
Tom has done good work so far.
Tom has done an admirable job.
Tom has done a remarkable job.
Tom has cause for celebration.
Tom has begun to learn French.
Tom has been working too hard.
Tom has been stealing from us.
Tom has been here a long time.
Tom has been doing a good job.
Tom has already done his part.
Tom had better leave us alone.
Tom frequently makes mistakes.
Tom faces many new challenges.
Tom eats a lot more than Mary.
Tom dyes his hair, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't talk much anymore.
Tom doesn't seem very pleased.
Tom doesn't seem to be hungry.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid.
Tom doesn't seem so old to me.
Tom doesn't say much, does he?
Tom doesn't really trust Mary.
Tom doesn't know where I went.
Tom doesn't know us very well.
Tom doesn't know me very well.
Tom doesn't keep his promises.
Tom doesn't have any freckles.
Tom didn't want to go with us.
Tom didn't seem too surprised.
Tom didn't seem afraid at all.
Tom didn't say anything wrong.
Tom didn't look too surprised.
Tom didn't look all that busy.
Tom didn't know all the facts.
Tom didn't have any more time.
Tom didn't have all the facts.
Tom didn't have a lot of time.
Tom didn't do enough research.
Tom didn't call me last night.
Tom did much better this time.
Tom did a fantastic job today.
Tom couldn't solve the puzzle.
Tom couldn't keep his balance.
Tom couldn't do it by himself.
Tom could be here for a while.
Tom committed suicide in 2013.
Tom can't go with us tomorrow.
Tom can wear one of my shirts.
Tom can eat anything he wants.
Tom became the band's manager.
Tom attended Monday's meeting.
Tom ate both of my sandwiches.
Tom and I don't usually agree.
Tom always gets what he wants.
Tom almost became a paramedic.
This looks really complicated.
They're trying to control you.
They came to an understanding.
There should be a celebration.
There really is no comparison.
The wedding's been called off.
The process has already begun.
The jury found Tom not guilty.
The economy continues to grow.
The details are still unclear.
The company continued to grow.
The budget is extremely small.
That's not a valid comparison.
That's not a good combination.
That would violate our policy.
That would defeat the purpose.
That would be somewhat ironic.
That would be a wise decision.
That story can't be confirmed.
That might happen to you, too.
That could happen at any time.
Thanks for catching the error.
Some things just never change.
Several things need to change.
Safety is the primary concern.
Parents are invited to attend.
Nobody could've expected this.
My parents don't speak French.
Most people really don't care.
More than people attended.
More challenges may lie ahead.
Maybe you can get Tom to help.
Maybe we should eat something.
Life became difficult for Tom.
Let's drop in on the Jacksons.
Kids don't read books anymore.
It's unclear why Tom did that.
It's time to begin downsizing.
It's quite an unusual concept.
It's not all that complicated.
It's fun hanging out with you.
It's fun hanging out with Tom.
It's a very historic building.
It's a really tough challenge.
It was just an educated guess.
It looks like Tom was correct.
It looks like Tom is sleeping.
Is your French getting better?
Is there a direct correlation?
I've never tried Mexican food.
I'm very concerned about this.
I'm a very competitive person.
I'll get Tom to buy us a cake.
I'd love to go back to Boston.
I'd be very happy to help you.
I wouldn't celebrate just yet.
I wonder what this could mean.
I wish everyone would go away.
I wasn't concerned about that.
I was bored and I fell asleep.
I want to be a French teacher.
I think we could've done more.
I think Tom will probably win.
I saw where Tom hid his money.
I lived there for three years.
I like our new French teacher.
I hear you're studying French.
I grew up eating Mexican food.
I enjoy collecting rare coins.
I don't think Tom can hear us.
I don't have health insurance.
I don't believe it's possible.
I couldn't sleep on the plane.
I couldn't move my right foot.
I couldn't help with anything.
I came here today with my mom.
I bet you've done this before.
How often do you study French?
How much money would you need?
How did your friendship begin?
Have you met Tom's girlfriend?
Have you hugged anyone lately?
Everything comes down to cost.
Everyone knew what was coming.
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.
Everybody else is coming, too.
Don't let anyone move my desk.
Don't let Tom jump on the bed.
Don't let anyone sit here.
Doing that would be a mistake.
Do you seriously believe that?
Did you talk to Tom yesterday?
Did that really happen to Tom?
Could you please do something?
Could you do anything to help?
Both statements could be true.
Are you ready for a challenge?
All we can do is wait for Tom.
A smile doesn't cost anything.
"I agree with Tom." "So do I."
Your anger is understandable.
You're welcome to come along.
You're almost as tall as Tom.
You're a lot taller than Tom.
You need to drink more water.
You couldn't be more correct.
Would you have believed that?
Would tonight be soon enough?
Would that make a difference?
Would someone please help me?
Why would we need to do that?
Why does Tom need to do that?
Why are you moving to Boston?
Who are we competing against?
Where else could that happen?
Where can I buy one of those?
When did you buy this bicycle?
What's this called in French?
What would be the difference?
What caused the power outage?
What brings you here tonight?
We're facing a budget crisis.
We stayed at home last night.
We need to change the system.
We need a coordinated effort.
We look forward to competing.
We have a special connection.
We had absolutely no control.
We can't ignore this anymore.
We can't control the weather.
Try to learn a little French.
Tom's pupils became dilated.
Tom's closest friend is Mary.
Tom worries about everything.
Tom worked closely with Mary.
Tom will soon know the truth.
Tom was just looking for you.
Tom was here for three hours.
Tom was an outstanding coach.
Tom said he'd be coming back.
Tom said he wasn't concerned.
Tom said he forgot something.
Tom rarely wears dark colors.
Tom only cared about himself.
Tom needs to make a decision.
Tom needs to be very careful.
Tom may go wherever he wants.
Tom may go anywhere he likes.
Tom may do whatever he likes.
Tom loves going to the beach.
Tom lost his reading glasses.
Tom likes Boston, doesn't he?
Tom is very good at swimming.
Tom is going to pay for this.
Tom is going to need my help.
Tom is going to do just fine.
Tom is going to be exhausted.
Tom is exaggerating, I think.
Tom is doing a good job here.
Tom is contradicting himself.
Tom is coming back to Boston.
Tom is better off without me.
Tom is always criticizing me.
Tom is abusing his authority.
Tom is a very good guitarist.
Tom is a really close friend.
Tom is a bad influence on me.
Tom is Mary's closest friend.
Tom hasn't paid for that yet.
Tom has done something wrong.
Tom has done so much already.
Tom has done a wonderful job.
Tom has done a very good job.
Tom has done a brilliant job.
Tom has been very nice to me.
Tom has been asking for help.
Tom has become a wealthy man.
Tom has already told me that.
Tom had better get here soon.
Tom explained that very well.
Tom doesn't think he'll lose.
Tom doesn't think he can win.
Tom doesn't really love Mary.
Tom doesn't need to thank us.
Tom doesn't need to thank me.
Tom doesn't need to know why.
Tom doesn't need to go there.
Tom doesn't need to be there.
Tom doesn't know where it is.
Tom doesn't know what I know.
Tom doesn't have to thank us.
Tom doesn't have to thank me.
Tom doesn't have to go there.
Tom doesn't have to eat this.
Tom discussed that with Mary.
Tom didn't understand at all.
Tom didn't seem very pleased.
Tom didn't seem to be hungry.
Tom didn't know what this is.
Tom didn't hear that from me.
Tom didn't have to apologize.
Tom didn't have a lot to say.
Tom couldn't handle the pain.
Tom couldn't handle that job.
Tom couldn't be here tonight.
Tom could've killed somebody.
Tom could've gone by himself.
Tom caught on pretty quickly.
Tom can leave if he wants to.
Tom can do anything he wants.
Tom burst into the apartment.
Tom and John aren't brothers.
Tom and I don't always agree.
Tom always likes a challenge.
Tom already knows what to do.
Tom already has one of these.
Times have certainly changed.
This time could be different.
This situation has to change.
This perception is incorrect.
This could hurt our business.
This always makes me chuckle.
Things won't change too much.
The referee blew his whistle.
The policies are quite clear.
The hotel is completely full.
The changes won't be radical.
The campfire has burned down.
The area looked pretty clean.
The Jacksons moved to Boston.
That's my conclusion as well.
That's how we became friends.
That would violate our rules.
That would explain the delay.
That would be awesome, right?
That would be almost perfect.
That was completely my fault.
That noise is driving me mad.
Thanks for returning my call.
Take control of your destiny.
Somebody else could get hurt.
Safety is always our concern.
Not everyone was celebrating.
Nobody ever calls me anymore.
Nobody can compete with that.
No machine could replace you.
Maybe I'll call you sometime.
Let's wait till Tom wakes up.
Let's not go if it's raining.
Let's get this party rolling.
It's unclear what went wrong.
It's time for a coffee break.
It's really tough to compare.
It's not too late to do that.
It's not a difficult concept.
It's a public safety concern.
It's a pretty simple concept.
It couldn't have been better.
It could take a while longer.
It could be too overwhelming.
It can be a little confusing.
Is Tom even paying attention?
I've always hated that color.
I'm starting to learn French.
I'm starting to believe that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can swim.
I'm glad you didn't get hurt.
I'm contemplating doing that.
I'll think it over carefully.
I think this might be caviar.
I think Tom is just confused.
I skipped French class today.
I shouldn't have backed down.
I really, truly believe that.
I really couldn't believe it.
I plan to come back tomorrow.
I personally could care less.
I love being called Grandpa.
I helped Tom paint the fence.
I hate cleaning the bathroom.
I enjoyed being here tonight.
I don't care about the price.
I couldn't pass up that deal.
I couldn't hear myself think.
I couldn't have been happier.
I could sense Tom's presence.
I could have terminal cancer.
I can't change what happened.
I believe this is inaccurate.
I almost couldn't believe it.
How were the bombs detonated?
Help me clean out the garage.
Has Tom cleaned his room yet?
French is my native language.
Everybody got sent back home.
Don't speak to Tom like that.
Don't let Tom use my bicycle.
Don't depend on Tom too much.
Don't ask Tom for any favors.
Does the color really matter?
Do you speak French fluently?
Could you send me some money?
Could you see that happening?
Could Tom have been murdered?
A compromise may be required.
Your parents would be proud.
You'd better not get caught.
You should leave right away.
You should help Tom do that.
Would you please just leave?
Would you like more details?
Will anything really change?
Why would that surprise you?
Why won't anyone believe me?
Why don't people believe me?
Why do you suspect sabotage?
Why are you looking for Tom?
Who could've predicted this?
Who cares whose fault it is?
Where did Tom meet his wife?
What would your solution be?
What made you change course?
What could be more romantic?
What brought the price down?
What Tom said made Mary cry.
Well, that could be helpful.
We're trying to change that.
We're going to make changes.
We won't be buying anything.
We should be very concerned.
We need to change direction.
We didn't go out last night.
We didn't complain about it.
We couldn't cross the river.
We can't ask Tom to do that.
We believe Tom was murdered.
Was it really coming closer?
Tom's hair was slicked back.
Tom's flight leaves at 2:30.
Tom's accusations are false.
Tom would've been impressed.
Tom would do the same thing.
Tom won't like it in Boston.
Tom won't be able to say no.
Tom won't be able defeat me.
Tom won't ask me to do that.
Tom will think of something.
Tom will tell me everything.
Tom will need some of these.
Tom will make a good lawyer.
Tom will be there, won't he?
Tom will be so proud of you.
Tom wants to see you and me.
Tom wants to see both of us.
Tom told me not to go there.
Tom simply couldn't keep up.
Tom should go back home now.
Tom should get back to work.
Tom seems to know the truth.
Tom seems attracted to Mary.
Tom says he's not concerned.
Tom really needs a vacation.
Tom is working late tonight.
Tom is twenty minutes early.
Tom is going to need a push.
Tom is going to love Boston.
Tom is going to be a father.
Tom is going back to prison.
Tom is forgetting something.
Tom is doing good work here.
Tom is avoiding me, I think.
Tom is an amazing guitarist.
Tom is always staring at me.
Tom is acting like an idiot.
Tom is a very gifted artist.
Tom is a long way from home.
Tom is a hard man to please.
Tom has good taste in music.
Tom has done enough already.
Tom has done a terrific job.
Tom has changed quite a lot.
Tom has certainly been busy.
Tom has better things to do.
Tom has been in an accident.
Tom has been a very bad boy.
Tom has bags under his eyes.
Tom has already done enough.
Tom has a really nice place.
Tom has a really good voice.
Tom has a busy day tomorrow.
Tom had better not be drunk.
Tom enjoys a good challenge.
Tom doesn't need to do this.
Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't need to call me.
Tom doesn't need to be here.
Tom doesn't need me anymore.
Tom doesn't know who did it.
Tom doesn't know what I did.
Tom doesn't know the system.
Tom doesn't have to help me.
Tom doesn't have to be here.
Tom doesn't have a name tag.
Tom didn't take his hat off.
Tom didn't need to buy this.
Tom didn't miss the meeting.
Tom didn't look comfortable.
Tom didn't know what I knew.
Tom didn't know Mary at all.
Tom didn't have to thank us.
Tom didn't have to thank me.
Tom didn't have to say that.
Tom didn't complain, did he?
Tom didn't attend the forum.
Tom didn't attend the event.
Tom did what had to be done.
Tom demanded his money back.
Tom couldn't talk very well.
Tom couldn't have done more.
Tom couldn't bear the truth.
Tom could've been one of us.
Tom could've asked me first.
Tom could be in real danger.
Tom could be doing anything.
Tom continued to get better.
Tom considers himself lucky.
Tom claims he was misquoted.
Tom can't stay here anymore.
Tom can't live here anymore.
Tom can't handle this alone.
Tom can't go anywhere today.
Tom can't do that right now.
Tom can join us if he wants.
Tom called for an interview.
Tom brought this on himself.
Tom blamed everything on me.
Tom ate half of my sandwich.
This isn't likely to change.
This is really bothering me.
This is completely my fault.
This is a complicated issue.
This document is classified.
They're not going to change.
They should've contacted us.
They could've gone anywhere.
There's reason to celebrate.
There's blood on your hands.
There's blood on this knife.
There will be no compromise.
There has been a compromise.
The trail is clearly marked.
The orchestra began to play.
The noise didn't bother Tom.
The movie has already begun.
The gate needs to be closed.
The biggest concern is cost.
The audience began to laugh.
That's none of your concern.
That's how we usually do it.
That's how I was brought up.
That's been made very clear.
That's basically why I came.
That's always a big concern.
That's all they cared about.
That'll bring the cost down.
That would be very exciting.
That woman's very beautiful.
That umbrella belongs to me.
That couldn't be more wrong.
That budget isn't yet final.
Tell us about your new book.
Tell Tom to quit doing that.
So many things have changed.
Security is still a concern.
Sales will continue to grow.
People are afraid of change.
Now you're bringing me down.
Nothing seems to bother Tom.
No one said this would work.
My grandkids live in Boston.
Maybe your luck is changing.
Mary is an attractive woman.
Mary is a very lovely woman.
Make sure you choose wisely.
Listen to me very carefully.
Let's think outside the box.
Let's go visit the Jacksons.
Let's bring our troops home.
Let me introduce Tom to you.
It's already out of control.
It must've been an accident.
It couldn't have been worse.
Is your blood pressure high?
Is it OK if I bring a guest?
Is Tom feeling better today?
I've never had a steady job.
I'm ready for the challenge.
I'm not concerned right now.
I'm not angry at all of you.
I'm hoping that'll continue.
I'm going to miss competing.
I'll still call Boston home.
I wasn't the one who yelled.
I think no one believed Tom.
I think Tom had a good time.
I think Tom didn't trust me.
I suggest you pay attention.
I sometimes dream about Tom.
I saw you flirting with Tom.
I remember that day clearly.
I only have myself to blame.
I know this is my own fault.
I know Tom doesn't love you.
I just couldn't stop myself.
I doubt that'll ever change.
I don't have any complaints.
I don't care about politics.
I don't believe you anymore.
I didn't know Tom back then.
I couldn't even feed myself.
I couldn't do anything else.
I could've done that better.
I consider that a good sign.
I consider myself fortunate.
I complained to the manager.
I can't believe it happened.
I almost got hit by a truck.
I almost became a carpenter.
How will you be celebrating?
How could anyone think that?
Here is a brief explanation.
Here is a brief description.
Has anything really changed?
Everyone is welcome to come.
Don't tell Tom where I live.
Don't pay attention to them.
Don't let Tom use the phone.
Do you want to learn French?
Do you think they'd hire me?
Do you think Tom would wait?
Do you think Tom would help?
Do you share those concerns?
Do you believe these rumors?
Do you believe in astrology?
Did you see Tom in the park?
Could there be a connection?
Could Tom have changed this?
Come on, we're running late.
Come on, we're almost there.
Choose your words carefully.
Can you speak French at all?
Call me if anything changes.
Bring your own picnic lunch.
Are we doing this correctly?
Your mother would be proud.
Your analogy isn't correct.
Would this afternoon be OK?
Why wouldn't Tom want that?
Why did the prices go down?
Why are people so careless?
Who would oppose this plan?
Who would buy one of these?
Who did Tom get married to?
Who couldn't be happy here?
Who cares what it's called?
Who cares about that stuff?
Where will that take place?
Where in Boston did you go?
Where do Tom and Mary live?
When was this bridge built?
What's your new book about?
What's it they're building?
What would your mother say?
What else could you expect?
What crime did they commit?
What caused that to happen?
What brought you to Boston?
What are they checking for?
We're beginning to see why.
We were concerned at first.
We don't have any concerns.
We control our own destiny.
We caught them by surprise.
We can't continue this way.
We can't blame anyone else.
We can always count on Tom.
We all couldn't believe it.
Try to improve your French.
Tonight could be the night.
Tom's voice began to crack.
Tom's suitcase looks heavy.
Tom's hands began to shake.
Tom's criticism was unfair.
Tom's answers were correct.
Tom's answer was incorrect.
Tom wouldn't let Mary quit.
Tom won't be late, will he?
Tom will never change that.
Tom will need to wait here.
Tom will need one of these.
Tom will help us, won't he?
Tom wasn't at school today.
Tom was the only one there.
Tom was listening to music.
Tom was covered in bruises.
Tom was clearly the winner.
Tom was calm and collected.
Tom wants to compete again.
Tom should've invited Mary.
Tom should let me help him.
Tom should get back inside.
Tom should do it right now.
Tom should be more careful.
Tom said that would change.
Tom said he'd love to help.
Tom said he'd like to help.
Tom said I could wait here.
Tom probably won't like me.
Tom knows where he belongs.
Tom keeps bringing that up.
Tom isn't as heavy as I am.
Tom is way too pessimistic.
Tom is the man on the left.
Tom is the love of my life.
Tom is going to need these.
Tom is going to be jealous.
Tom is far too pessimistic.
Tom is dressed very nicely.
Tom is doing nothing wrong.
Tom is doing all he can do.
Tom is carrying a backpack.
Tom is always welcome here.
Tom is always exaggerating.
Tom is almost always right.
Tom is acting like a child.
Tom is a very handsome man.
Tom is a really good coach.
Tom is a little overweight.
Tom is a fierce competitor.
Tom heard a familiar voice.
Tom hasn't eaten lunch yet.
Tom hasn't called back yet.
Tom hasn't broken any laws.
Tom has to stop doing this.
Tom has to stop doing that.
Tom has to be more careful.
Tom has nowhere left to go.
Tom has been very tolerant.
Tom has been quite helpful.
Tom has been a lot of help.
Tom has been a good friend.
Tom has already thanked me.
Tom has accepted our offer.
Tom has a well-trained dog.
Tom has a very good memory.
Tom has a lot on his plate.
Tom has a good imagination.
Tom has a big day tomorrow.
Tom had better not do that.
Tom had better have a plan.
Tom got married, didn't he?
Tom forgot to mention that.
Tom drinks too much coffee.
Tom doesn't win very often.
Tom doesn't swim very well.
Tom doesn't sound too sure.
Tom doesn't smoke, does he?
Tom doesn't seem very sure.
Tom doesn't really love me.
Tom doesn't really know me.
Tom doesn't like chocolate.
Tom doesn't know me at all.
Tom doesn't have to change.
Tom doesn't have to buy it.
Tom doesn't have to answer.
Tom doesn't have a webpage.
Tom does that all the time.
Tom does look really tired.
Tom didn't want to be here.
Tom didn't sound surprised.
Tom didn't sound confident.
Tom didn't need to be here.
Tom didn't look very happy.
Tom didn't know the system.
Tom didn't have to say yes.
Tom didn't have to help me.
Tom didn't have to do this.
Tom didn't have to be here.
Tom did what was necessary.
Tom denied all the charges.
Tom could've done anything.
Tom could've been offended.
Tom could've been mistaken.
Tom couldn't have done that.
Tom could be in his office.
Tom convinced Mary to help.
Tom continued to date Mary.
Tom can't blame this on us.
Tom can sleep on the couch.
Tom believes Mary is wrong.
Tom appears to be sleeping.
Tom always seems to be busy.
Tom already knows too much.
This will change your life.
This needs to be corrected.
This is the last challenge.
This is all very confusing.
This is a little confusing.
This could get quite messy.
Things could've been worse.
Things could be much worse.
They invited me back again.
They have corrected it now.
These shirts are identical.
There can be no compromise.
The window is still broken.
The policy is pretty clear.
The exact cause is unknown.
The crowd began to applaud.
The boss could be watching.
That's why we need changes.
That's what Tom would want.
That's out of your control.
That's our biggest concern.
That's all they care about.
That's a very real concern.
That's a huge cost savings.
That'll happen to you, too.
That would really be great.
That would fix the problem.
That would be really funny.
That was a big celebration.
That needs to be corrected.
That just wouldn't be fair.
Thanks for clarifying that.
Speaking French isn't easy.
Radiation is a big concern.
Please read this carefully.
Not everyone was impressed.
Not everyone was convinced.
No one has called me today.
Maybe that will change now.
Mary is an attractive girl.
It's unclear when Tom died.
It's hard to change people.
It's going to be corrected.
It's certainly challenging.
It cost million dollars.
I've since changed my mind.
I'm glad you contacted Tom.
I'm enjoying the challenge.
I'll buy an iPhone instead.
I wouldn't say it that way.
I wonder who that could be.
I want to eat Chinese food.
I tried everything I could.
I saw Tom hiding his money.
I never would've done that.
I miss my mother's cooking.
I learned to cook from Tom.
I just couldn't believe it.
I haven't attempted it yet.
I don't think that's legal.
I don't consider this safe.
I don't believe I know Tom.
I didn't really believe it.
I couldn't get warm enough.
I couldn't catch my breath.
I couldn't be more pleased.
I couldn't be more excited.
I bought a bicycle instead.
I believe Tom will do that.
How could things get worse?
How could that ever happen?
How could anyone forget it?
Housing is the big concern.
French isn't hard to learn.
Don't pay attention to Tom.
Don't make an enemy of Tom.
Don't let your dog bite me.
Don't let Tom talk to Mary.
Don't let Tom say anything.
Don't let Tom hurt himself.
Do you often hear from Tom?
Do you ever give Tom money?
Did you tell Tom the truth?
Change can and will happen.
Can you explain it briefly?
Bring your own chess board.
Back then it was different.
Ask Tom what his plans are.
Are you ready to celebrate?
Are you a Canadian citizen?
A crime has been committed.
You spelled my name wrong.
You should've taken notes.
You should buy Tom a beer.
You have to pay attention.
Would you say that's true?
Would you bet against Tom?
Would that have been hard?
Why would Tom be offended?
Who would risk doing that?
Where will you be tonight?
What would the others say?
What song was Tom singing?
What crime did Tom commit?
We're up to the challenge.
We're a very close family.
We'll be back before dark.
We study French at school.
We just hope it continues.
Tom's house is really big.
Tom would be very pleased.
Tom won't be disappointed.
Tom will probably succeed.
Tom will probably not win.
Tom wasn't born in Boston.
Tom was wearing a red tie.
Tom was very well behaved.
Tom was correct all along.
Tom should let me do that.
Tom says he'll correct it.
Tom said that he loved me.
Tom said he couldn't wait.
Tom plays basketball well.
Tom never broke any rules.
Tom needs to study harder.
Tom needs a bigger office.
Tom lost his job recently.
Tom just changed his mind.
Tom isn't allowed in here.
Tom is very good at chess.
Tom is probably very busy.
Tom is helping his father.
Tom is going to need this.
Tom is from Boston, right?
Tom is expecting too much.
Tom is doing really great.
Tom is busy all day today.
Tom is always saying that.
Tom is almost never wrong.
Tom is allowed to do that.
Tom is acting like a fool.
Tom is a very rude person.
Tom is a very good singer.
Tom is a very good artist.
Tom is a tough competitor.
Tom is a pain in the neck.
Tom hasn't bought one yet.
Tom has to let me go home.
Tom has to let me do this.
Tom has found the problem.
Tom has done a superb job.
Tom has disgraced himself.
Tom has denied the charge.
Tom has committed a crime.
Tom has been telling lies.
Tom has been a great help.
Tom has already done that.
Tom has a very nice voice.
Tom has a very nice smile.
Tom has a very high fever.
Tom has a lovely daughter.
Tom has a car, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't seem too sure.
Tom doesn't seem so smart.
Tom doesn't look so tough.
Tom doesn't look so happy.
Tom doesn't like swimming.
Tom doesn't like gambling.
Tom doesn't have to study.
Tom doesn't have to speak.
Tom doesn't have to leave.
Tom doesn't have to hurry.
Tom doesn't have the time.
Tom doesn't have any kids.
Tom doesn't care, does he?
Tom didn't sound too sure.
Tom didn't seem very sure.
Tom didn't seem surprised.
Tom didn't seem convinced.
Tom didn't see what I saw.
Tom didn't look very good.
Tom didn't look very busy.
Tom didn't look surprised.
Tom didn't keep my secret.
Tom didn't help me at all.
Tom didn't have any proof.
Tom didn't eat much lunch.
Tom didn't catch the ball.
Tom did an incredible job.
Tom did a really good job.
Tom could've talked to me.
Tom could've stayed quiet.
Tom could've hurt himself.
Tom could've come with me.
Tom could've been the one.
Tom could lose everything.
Tom could change his mind.
Tom can't make me do that.
Tom can't do that anymore.
Tom can't dance very well.
Tom can wait in my office.
Tom can stay at our place.
Tom can leave if he wants.
Tom can do it if he tries.
Tom came into the kitchen.
Tom called and complained.
Tom asked us to trust him.
This may change next year.
This is only half correct.
They could've done better.
These laws need to change.
There's a lot to consider.
The warning came too late.
The gates are now closing.
The front door burst open.
The fire is still burning.
The elevator is coming up.
The bus burst into flames.
The back door's wide open.
That's what we usually do.
That's what Tom would say.
That's the change we need.
That's all I can remember.
That would've worked, too.
That would be really cool.
That would be pretty cool.
That would be my response.
That doesn't belong to me.
Someone broke into my car.
People came from all over.
Pay attention to the road.
Of course, you're correct.
No one was able to escape.
My job is teaching French.
Mary is a very lucky lady.
Look at what Tom is doing.
Life has been very hard.
Let's continue to do this.
Let's continue doing this.
Let me check the calendar.
Jackson is my family name.
It's wonderful to be back.
It's unclear how Tom died.
It's time we changed that.
It's just a little bruise.
It's easy to get confused.
It really isn't a concern.
It could take a few weeks.
Is Tom partially to blame?
I've never heard Tom sing.
I'm not going to complain.
I'm going to correct this.
I'm concerned for my kids.
I'll take the whole blame.
I'll be completely honest.
I was thoroughly confused.
I was concerned about Tom.
I urgently need your help.
I thought that would work.
I think this isn't enough.
I think that would be fun.
I think Tom could help me.
I still didn't believe it.
I really love coming here.
I really don't believe so.
I need to change that now.
I love competing with Tom.
I just don't believe that.
I heard it hasn't changed.
I have nothing to confess.
I expect that to continue.
I don't want Tom to worry.
I don't think I'd do that.
I don't often drive a van.
I don't even care anymore.
I don't care who they are.
I do believe you're wrong.
I discovered Tom's secret.
I didn't consult with Tom.
I couldn't help but watch.
I bet Tom could do that.
I believe that's possible.
I believe in my teammates.
I barely slept last night.
How often do you call Tom?
How could anyone hate Tom?
Even Tom couldn't do that.
Don't tell Tom the answer.
Don't let Tom get near me.
Don't let Tom fall asleep.
Don't let Tom do it alone.
Don't drink the tap water.
Don't be afraid of change.
Could you let the dog out?
Could it have been murder?
Could Tom have been saved?
Costs are rising too fast.
Can I leave Tom a message?
Breathe through your nose.
Both parties are to blame.
Be careful not to be late.
Are you really in control?
You've got to avoid that.
You're partially correct.
You need to convince Tom.
You have to make changes.
You could've taken notes.
Would you please help us?
Would anyone like a beer?
Won't Tom ever come back?
Why wouldn't it work now?
Why would people do this?
Why would Tom be worried?
Why should Tom even care?
Why is it so complicated?
Why hasn't Tom called me?
Why are they complaining?
Who could've foreseen it?
Who could that have been?
Who cares what Tom wears?
When did they build that?
What's Tom's wife's name?
What else could you want?
What could Tom have done?
We're going back to work.
We're checking into that.
We were caught off guard.
We still need to compete.
We need to change course.
We just don't believe it.
We just couldn't do that.
We intend to change that.
We could be here a while.
We complained about that.
We can't do that anymore.
We can't be sure of that.
Tom's house is very nice.
Tom wouldn't stop crying.
Tom wouldn't let me quit.
Tom won't be here today.
Tom won't be coming back.
Tom will never back down.
Tom will need more money.
Tom will be proud of you.
Tom was nice to everyone.
Tom was finally arrested.
Tom was born near Boston.
Tom was always in charge.
Tom wants to change that.
Tom wanted to avoid Mary.
Tom told me he'd do that.
Tom told me he'd be late.
Tom should've trusted me.
Tom should go to bed now.
Tom should go home early.
Tom should call a lawyer.
Tom refused to back down.
Tom reads a lot of books.
Tom needs to take charge.
Tom needs to get started.
Tom isn't under contract.
Tom isn't serious, is he?
Tom isn't really my type.
Tom isn't ready for this.
Tom is still behind bars.
Tom is going to need one.
Tom is going to have fun.
Tom is going to get hurt.
Tom is full of surprises.
Tom is being very unfair.
Tom is an excellent cook.
Tom is always nagging me.
Tom is a very good boxer.
Tom is a very bad driver.
Tom is a really bad liar.
Tom is a really bad cook.
Tom is a real competitor.
Tom is a member, I think.
Tom is a horrible person.
Tom is a horrible driver.
Tom is a good competitor.
Tom is a computer expert.
Tom hopes to change that.
Tom hasn't had lunch yet.
Tom hasn't been paid yet.
Tom has done what he can.
Tom has done a great job.
Tom has been pretty busy.
Tom has been avoiding me.
Tom has always helped me.
Tom has a plane to catch.
Tom has a one-track mind.
Tom has a nice apartment.
Tom has a gift for music.
Tom has a choice to make.
Tom has a bit of a fever.
Tom hardly broke a sweat.
Tom had better watch out.
Tom had better get going.
Tom got what he came for.
Tom got the answer right.
Tom drove a hard bargain.
Tom doesn't wear a watch.
Tom doesn't sound scared.
Tom doesn't seem so busy.
Tom doesn't need to wait.
Tom doesn't need to come.
Tom doesn't look so busy.
Tom doesn't have to talk.
Tom doesn't have to stay.
Tom doesn't have to hide.
Tom doesn't have to help.
Tom doesn't have to come.
Tom doesn't even know me.
Tom didn't seem too sure.
Tom didn't seem relieved.
Tom didn't say much more.
Tom didn't make it clear.
Tom didn't have to leave.
Tom didn't have to hurry.
Tom didn't have the time.
Tom didn't get to choose.
Tom didn't eat very much.
Tom didn't do it, did he?
Tom didn't call the cops.
Tom didn't break the law.
Tom deserves a pay raise.
Tom decided to turn back.
Tom couldn't explain why.
Tom could've walked away.
Tom could've been faster.
Tom could use some sleep.
Tom could make you laugh.
Tom claims he's innocent.
Tom can't have this back.
Tom can wait for me here.
Tom broke his left wrist.
Tom became the treasurer.
Tom attended the meeting.
Tom arrived just in time.
Tom and I made a bargain.
This is clearly the best.
This is a wonderful book.
This has changed my life.
Think about it carefully.
Things could get tougher.
They're completely wrong.
They need to change this.
They charged me too much.
There was a complication.
The rules are very clear.
The night has just begun.
The hard work begins now.
The crowd began to shout.
The crowd began to chant.
That's totally incorrect.
That would be really bad.
That just broke my heart.
That gives me goosebumps.
Thanks for bringing it up.
Some dreams do come true.
No one would've listened.
No one could go anywhere.
My life has been changed.
Looks can be very deceiving.
Let me just clarify that.
It's worth a closer look.
It's time to change that.
It's not going to change.
It'll be a fun challenge.
It'll be a big challenge.
It should be a challenge.
I've never cared for Tom.
I've decided to call Tom.
I'm not overly concerned.
I'm not concerned at all.
I'm not Tom's girlfriend.
I'm also learning French.
I'll buy the first round.
I'd like to clarify that.
I wish I could've helped.
I want to keep competing.
I understand the concept.
I think that's a concern.
I sometimes write to Tom.
I no longer believe that.
I knew that we'd be late.
I introduced Tom to Mary.
I hope you get here soon.
I hope that changes soon.
I followed Tom's example.
I don't think I know Tom.
I don't believe in karma.
I didn't complain at all.
I couldn't do that again.
I couldn't be more proud.
I could've been mistaken.
I could probably do that.
I believe lying is wrong.
I almost caught the ball.
How would that be better?
How will you change this?
How have you been coping?
How could they forget us?
How could anyone do that?
How bad could things get?
Here comes the hard part.
Here comes the good part.
Help me pull these weeds.
Have you called a doctor?
French isn't easy for me.
Everyone knows I'm broke.
Everybody looks confused.
Don't tell Tom the truth.
Don't let Tom use my car.
Don't let Tom touch this.
Don't bother to call Tom.
Do you have any concerns?
Do you eat a lot of fish?
Did you consult with Tom?
Can art change the world?
Bring some cash with you.
Be original for a change.
Are you ready to compete?
Are you done complaining?
All this has now changed.
All that has changed now.
All that changed in 2013.
You would be safe there.
You can vote for change.
Would that be all right?
Why would you leave now?
Why is Tom holding back?
Why didn't you buy that?
Who would want this job?
Who says change is good?
Who cares where Tom was?
Were you born in Boston?
We're not convinced yet.
We'll be back next year.
We really need Tom back.
We never lock that door.
We need to wait for Tom.
We face many challenges.
We could've done better.
Tom's help isn't needed.
Tom would've won easily.
Tom would've loved this.
Tom would've loved that.
Tom would've helped you.
Tom would've been great.
Tom works in a hospital.
Tom won't be interested.
Tom will never catch me.
Tom will miss the train.
Tom will leave tomorrow.
Tom was the coordinator.
Tom was burned to death.
Tom was born in October.
Tom should look at this.
Tom should listen to me.
Tom should come with me.
Tom seems very friendly.
Tom reads lots of books.
Tom read a lot of books.
Tom needs a bigger room.
Tom needs a bigger boat.
Tom may be back tonight.
Tom loved you very much.
Tom isn't as tall as me.
Tom is totally clueless.
Tom is pretty laid back.
Tom is on the swim team.
Tom is going to miss me.
Tom is going to love it.
Tom is going to like it.
Tom is going to do this.
Tom is going to do fine.
Tom is getting careless.
Tom is frequently wrong.
Tom is finished already.
Tom is doing all he can.
Tom is deluding himself.
Tom is coming next week.
Tom is coming home soon.
Tom is breaking the law.
Tom is being irrational.
Tom is an awesome coach.
Tom is a terrible coach.
Tom is a fantastic cook.
Tom has to take it easy.
Tom has to come with me.
Tom has stopped smoking.
Tom has no self-control.
Tom has done a good job.
Tom has been very quiet.
Tom has always hated me.
Tom has a very nice car.
Tom gives up too easily.
Tom eats more than I do.
Tom eats less than Mary.
Tom drives way too fast.
Tom drank out of my cup.
Tom doesn't work for me.
Tom doesn't have to pay.
Tom doesn't frighten me.
Tom does that very well.
Tom didn't want to sing.
Tom didn't seem so busy.
Tom didn't seem certain.
Tom didn't miss the bus.
Tom didn't miss a thing.
Tom didn't have to stay.
Tom didn't have to hide.
Tom didn't have to come.
Tom didn't deserve that.
Tom did good work today.
Tom did all he could do.
Tom did a very good job.
Tom couldn't explain it.
Tom could've invited me.
Tom could use some rest.
Tom could never do that.
Tom could barely sit up.
Tom clearly has a point.
Tom caused the accident.
Tom can't make me leave.
Tom can sit in my chair.
Tom can drive, can't he?
Tom came in third place.
Tom called for help.
Tom became an alcoholic.
Tom ate more than I did.
Tom ate breakfast alone.
This would help I think.
This is a major concern.
This can't last forever.
Things change every day.
They're speaking French.
The ship changed course.
The law is pretty clear.
The game begins at 2:30.
The fire has burned out.
That's how it all began.
That's how I was raised.
That's clearly not true.
That would take all day.
That just wouldn't work.
That doesn't concern us.
Please say hello to Tom.
Please come and join us.
Mary is a good waitress.
Let's try something new.
It's something Tom made.
It's a change for the worse.
It won't change a thing.
It was a radical change.
It was a costly mistake.
It was a confusing time.
It could be very costly.
I'm just happy I'm back.
I'm glad Tom got caught.
I'll try to contact Tom.
I'd like to change that.
I would've enjoyed that.
I wanted to change that.
I want my children back.
I think that would help.
I saw Tom briefly today.
I need some new clothes.
I love coming back here.
I just couldn't do that.
I hate doing this stuff.
I don't care what it is.
I don't believe in that.
I couldn't sleep at all.
I couldn't deal with it.
I called Tom right away.
I called Tom for advice.
I believe this is wrong.
I become a member today.
I barely knew my father.
How would you change it?
How much will this cost?
How much will that cost?
How have things changed?
How could you forget it?
How could we improve it?
How could they be wrong?
Help me move this couch.
Have you seen Tom dance?
Everyone here knows Tom.
Don't tell Tom about it.
Don't open that box yet.
Don't let Tom take this.
Don't let Tom stay here.
Don't let Tom read this.
Don't let Tom call Mary.
Don't call Tom an idiot.
Don't believe any of it.
Don't be so hard on Tom.
Does this belong to Tom?
Does Tom want to see it?
Do you want to continue?
Do you still read books?
Do you have any concern?
Did Tom change anything?
Contact Tom for details.
Can you get Tom to help?
Both sides are to blame.
Ask Tom what to do next.
Ask Tom to stay a while.
You should talk faster.
You may close the door.
Why would they do this?
Why should anyone care?
Who cares what Tom did?
When will Tom get home?
What would the cost be?
What else could happen?
What caused the floods?
We're bound to get wet.
We'll get back to that.
We would never do that.
We want to change that.
We have to change that.
We came back on Monday.
Tom, what would you do?
Tom's answer was wrong.
Tom's answer was right.
Tom's French isn't bad.
Tom will never find it.
Tom will need our help.
Tom will have to leave.
Tom started to chuckle.
Tom should get started.
Tom says Mary is broke.
Tom read lots of books.
Tom often drinks alone.
Tom obviously hates me.
Tom needs to get ready.
Tom needs to get going.
Tom needs to calm down.
Tom must be having fun.
Tom isn't making sense.
Tom is teaching French.
Tom is speaking French.
Tom is partially right.
Tom is out job hunting.
Tom is on his way back.
Tom is going to prison.
Tom is due back Monday.
Tom is as tall as I am.
Tom is afraid, I think.
Tom is a terrible cook.
Tom is a quick learner.
Tom hasn't started yet.
Tom has plenty of time.
Tom has figured it out.
Tom has done very well.
Tom has come to Boston.
Tom has been well paid.
Tom has been very kind.
Tom has been very good.
Tom has been suspended.
Tom has achieved a lot.
Tom has a kid, I think.
Tom has a great memory.
Tom has a bus to catch.
Tom had better go home.
Tom enjoys woodworking.
Tom enjoys watching TV.
Tom dropped his pencil.
Tom doesn't talk a lot.
Tom doesn't need money.
Tom doesn't impress me.
Tom doesn't have to go.
Tom didn't have to pay.
Tom didn't have to lie.
Tom didn't have a plan.
Tom didn't frighten me.
Tom did a splendid job.
Tom could've warned me.
Tom could've been hurt.
Tom could hurt himself.
Tom could be in danger.
Tom could be in Boston.
Tom could be at school.
Tom complains too much.
Tom claims he was busy.
Tom can't ride a horse.
Tom can't go right now.
Tom can't come in here.
Tom and I need to talk.
Tom always seems tired.
Tom always exaggerates.
Tom already thanked me.
This is a real concern.
The vote will be close.
The costs are too high.
The coordinator is Tom.
That's what I would do.
That would be the best.
That umbrella is Tom's.
That soon might change.
That seems fair enough.
That might soon change.
That might change soon.
That concerns me a lot.
Take care of your back.
No one except Tom came.
No one can protect you.
No one came except Tom.
My parents cook for me.
My car was broken into.
Let me make this clear.
It was confusing to me.
It was a valid concern.
Is this a real concern?
Is anybody watching us?
I've locked myself out.
I'm not taking the bet.
I'm not a happy camper.
I'm a little concerned.
I'll phone Tom tonight.
I'll change it for you.
I'd like something new.
I thought we could win.
I thought Tom liked me.
I think Tom could help.
I slammed on my brakes.
I hope Tom was kidding.
I don't cook every day.
I couldn't get it done.
I could've done better.
I could help you there.
I broke down and cried.
How long would it take?
How hard could that be?
How do you change that?
How could I have known?
How close is too close?
How can we change that?
French isn't difficult.
Don't let Tom watch TV.
Don't let Tom sit here.
Don't let Tom hit Mary.
Does Tom have children?
Do you still trust Tom?
Do you see much of Tom?
Do you often come here?
Did you visit the camp?
Did you ever catch Tom?
Did you attend Harvard?
Could Tom have done it?
Change is what we need.
Why would that happen?
Why is change so hard?
Why is Tom blaming us?
What more could we do?
What have you brought?
We want a real change.
We tried to catch Tom.
We need to be careful.
We have to correct it.
We could've done more.
We could start trying.
Tom wouldn't complain.
Tom would've loved it.
Tom would be so happy.
Tom won't go, will he?
Tom won't be arrested.
Tom will pay the bill.
Tom should do it soon.
Tom seems to be bored.
Tom may borrow my car.
Tom isn't replaceable.
Tom isn't even trying.
Tom isn't dressed yet.
Tom is very laid back.
Tom is taking a break.
Tom is out of control.
Tom is dreaming again.
Tom is doing it wrong.
Tom is doing it right.
Tom is braver than me.
Tom is being childish.
Tom is a screenwriter.
Tom is a little early.
Tom is a good partner.
Tom is a good painter.
Tom has done it again.
Tom has been tolerant.
Tom has been selected.
Tom has a point there.
Tom has a plan, right?
Tom has a nice family.
Tom has a lot of time.
Tom has a lot of guts.
Tom has a good lawyer.
Tom has a good camera.
Tom has a back injury.
Tom found the problem.
Tom dropped something.
Tom doesn't play golf.
Tom doesn't need this.
Tom doesn't need that.
Tom doesn't miss much.
Tom doesn't have time.
Tom doesn't even care.
Tom does have a point.
Tom didn't impress me.
Tom didn't have to go.
Tom could've run away.
Tom could be mistaken.
Tom can't go home yet.
Tom can't go home now.
Tom can't afford this.
Tom brought me coffee.
Tom always lies to me.
Tom already said that.
Tom achieved his goal.
This is a big concern.
The crowd is cheering.
That would be so cool.
That may be a concern.
That isn't my concern.
That costs a lot more.
Not all change is bad.
May I speak in French?
Mary is a good mother.
It's causing problems.
I'm coming right over.
I'll come back Monday.
I'll be back tomorrow.
I'd rather go camping.
I would vote for that.
I won't tolerate this.
I want a new contract.
I knew Tom would lose.
I hope they catch Tom.
I hope Tom will be OK.
I have sensitive skin.
I don't really buy it.
I don't care who wins.
I decided to call Tom.
I could've stopped it.
I came in third place.
I called Tom for help.
I bought Tom a laptop.
How do you buy silver?
How do we change this?
Hey, give Tom a break.
Everybody is cheering.
Don't press your luck.
Don't make fun of Tom.
Don't lose confidence.
Don't let the dog out.
Don't let Tom hit you.
Don't let Tom do that.
Do you meet Tom often?
Did you call a doctor?
Buy low and sell high.
Bring me the scissors.
All we can do is pray.
You need to eat more.
Would it be worth it?
Would $be enough?
Why don't you buy it?
Who am I to complain?
When can I come over?
What else would I do?
We have to catch Tom.
We did what we could.
We couldn't find Tom.
We can't get a break.
We all want you back.
We all came together.
Tom wouldn't do this.
Tom won't understand.
Tom wasn't consulted.
Tom was badly burned.
Tom was a good coach.
Tom was a good boxer.
Tom takes care of me.
Tom swims quite fast.
Tom should come, too.
Tom isn't fooling me.
Tom isn't being fair.
Tom is exactly right.
Tom is double-parked.
Tom is close to Mary.
Tom is a true friend.
Tom is a teacher now.
Tom is a mean person.
Tom is a little late.
Tom is a great coach.
Tom is a fast worker.
Tom is a changed man.
Tom has to let me go.
Tom has to do it now.
Tom has friends here.
Tom has done so much.
Tom has convinced me.
Tom has been paroled.
Tom has been demoted.
Tom has already paid.
Tom has a nice laugh.
Tom has a job, right?
Tom has a good heart.
Tom has a concussion.
Tom has a broken leg.
Tom had better leave.
Tom got it all wrong.
Tom gave up too soon.
Tom forgot something.
Tom doesn't scare me.
Tom didn't invite me.
Tom did that already.
Tom did a good thing.
Tom deserves a raise.
Tom could've told me.
Tom could've said no.
Tom could've drowned.
Tom could've changed.
Tom could be correct.
Tom can't retire yet.
Tom can't resign now.
Tom can't just leave.
Tom can't go with us.
Tom can use our help.
Tom can take a break.
Tom can stay with me.
Tom can ride with me.
Tom can come with us.
Tom can come with me.
Tom became concerned.
Tom attended Harvard.
Tom almost killed me.
No one believed that.
Let's go to the park.
Let me check on that.
It's only just begun.
It was a huge change.
I'm happy to be back.
I'd rather be skiing.
I'd buy one of those.
I wouldn't mind that.
I wish I could drive.
I went to the casino.
I was a bit confused.
I want a closer look.
I thought I could go.
I never had a budget.
I just bought a bike.
I hope Tom trusts me.
I couldn't leave Tom.
I bet Tom was hungry.
I began to get angry.
I aim to change that.
How soon is too soon?
How long is too long?
How fast is too fast?
How deep is too deep?
How could we not win?
How could Tom say no?
Has the sun come out?
Don't let Tom escape.
Don't disappoint Tom.
Don't call Tom names.
Do you see Tom often?
Are you angry at Tom?
All this has changed.
All that has changed.
You should help Tom.
Why are you waiting?
Where is Tom's wife?
Where can I buy one?
Tom won't need this.
Tom won't need that.
Tom won first prize.
Tom will bring help.
Tom took care of us.
Tom shut the blinds.
Tom isn't a student.
Tom is clearly busy.
Tom is bothering me.
Tom is a great cook.
Tom is a good actor.
Tom is a father now.
Tom is a bright boy.
Tom is a bad person.
Tom is a bad father.
Tom has my umbrella.
Tom has done enough.
Tom has been robbed.
Tom has become rich.
Tom has a good idea.
Tom got mad at Mary.
Tom got his revenge.
Tom doesn't need us.
Tom doesn't need me.
Tom doesn't need it.
Tom didn't scare me.
Tom didn't even try.
Tom didn't break it.
Tom could stop this.
Tom complains a lot.
Tom can't leave yet.
Tom can't just quit.
Tom can't have this.
Tom can't have that.
Tom can't drive yet.
Tom can't defeat me.
Tom can read French.
Tom belongs in jail.
Tom asked to see me.
Tom acted foolishly.
That would be risky.
That could be wrong.
Nobody contacted me.
Mary is a nice girl.
It was a nice break.
It was a close game.
Is it a good change?
I'll keep it secret.
I saw Tom yesterday.
I heard Tom singing.
I got a C in French.
I almost got caught.
How has Tom changed?
Don't listen to Tom.
Didn't you tell Tom?
Bring Tom next time.
Who would buy this?
Tom's door is open.
Tom won't be fired.
Tom won't be alone.
Tom will need this.
Tom will need that.
Tom will love this.
