Dan was amazed to find so many mushrooms in that part of the wood.
Dan was a part-time student who also worked for a local pizza parlor.
Dan was arrested at church.
Dan was cooperative with the police.
Dan was digging a ditch along the road.
Dan was hit on the forehead with a hammer.
Dan was in his early twenties when he was killed by a truck.
Dan was last seen alive in the dawn of the same day he found dead.
Dan was on the loose.
Dan was quickly identified by the police.
Dan was responsible for twenty-eight bank robberies.
Dan will remember that scene for the rest of his life.
Dan wore a blue jogging suit.
Don't talk over me.
Every Sunday, a new body was discovered.
If you like Dan, translate his sentences.
It was a warm spring afternoon.
Judge Dan Anderson started questioning Linda.
Just a week after he was released from jail, Dan mugged another person.
Let Dan talk to me. Don't interrupt.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson couldn't link Linda to the crime.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson divided his men into teams, each with its assignment.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson ordered his men to arrest Matt.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson ruled out that Linda could be a suspect.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson was called to a second murder scene.
Linda had some jewellery on her.
Linda identified Dan as the man who had raped her.
Linda is fixing her hair.
Linda's resistance sent Dan into a rage.
Linda was a popular exotic dancer in London.
Our town was added to the list of the most beautiful towns in the country.
Police failed to produce physical evidence.
Police followed Dan in unmarked cars.
Police has at last had a break in the investigation.
Police questioned many persons who worked near the crime scene.
Police revealed that the heist was the work of professionals.
Police stopped Dan's car and searched it.
Show me where Dan is in this picture.
Stay tuned. Dan is coming back after the break.
The car key was in the glovebox.
The FBI was an active partner in the investigation.
The medical examiner determined that the woman's body had been there for at least three days.
The second victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
These tire tracks were made by a mid-size vehicle.
There was a surveillance team watching Dan.
This is one of the first things Dan would look for.
This surveillance camera is our silent witness.
Things escalated out of control.
This event rocked Dan to his core.
Unfortunately, the police had to wait until there was another victim to try to find more about the serial killer.
Your faces are all too familiar to me, but I can't remember your names.
Witnesses reported seeing Dan almost everywhere in the town.
Without sufficient evidence, it was difficult to charge Dan with murder.
Within seconds, Dan's life will change forever.
With his wife dead, Dan stood to inherit half a million dollars.
Why would Dan call me at this time?
Who did Linda run away with?
What did Dan ever do to you?
Was Dan callously murdered like Linda?
Was anyone injured inside the car?
Time was working against Dan.
Three people were found murdered in Dan's home.
This town is known for its music industry.
The wound Dan had on his cheek resembled a bite mark.
The search began in the park.
There were farmhouses all over the area.
There was no connection between Dan and the victim's family.
There was little evidence to collect from Dan's house.
There was ice cream in the fridge.
There was another big break in the case.
The party continued on in Dan's house.
The man in the pick-up truck fit Dan's description.
The kids got noisy again.
The investigation started to slow down.
The FBI was brought in to investigate the murder.
The crime scene had the earmarks of a professional execution.
The bike was Dan's prized possession.
That was just a stupid mistake.
That was enough to issue a warrant for Dan's arrest.
That was a silly mistake.
That discovery changed the whole tone of the investigation.
Something went wrong that morning.
Police tracked down Dan's girlfriend, Linda.
Police searched the murky lake.
Police raced to the suspect's house.
Police had Dan locked down.
Police followed Dan in the open.
Police conducted physical and electronic surveillance on Dan.
People keep asking Dan how many languages he can speak.
People called Reverend Dan Anderson for his advice.
Outside the house, Lieutenant Dan Anderson found Linda's shoes.
No one could hear Linda's screams.
Now Dan is a minister.
No abduction had been reported in that town since 1965.
Linda was sexually assaulted by Dan.
Linda was employed as a flight attendant.
Linda ran off with Dan.
Linda has vanished and no one really knows with whom she ran off.
Linda claimed in her letter that she ran off to get married.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson sent the sample to the FBI lab for testing.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson sent a canine team to the crime scene.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson responded to the frantic call.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
It wasn't like Dan to be so late.
It turned out that Dan was Linda's cousin.
It took a coast-to-coast investigation to find the murderer.
It's been one year since Linda was raped.
I hope Dan isn't watching us.
How did Dan pay Matt for the crime?
Halloween is around the corner.
Everybody in the family wore glasses and Dan was no exception.
Fortunately, Dan was on the way.
Detective Dan Anderson was the only investigator to follow that lead.
Detective Dan Anderson waited anxiously for the crime lab results.
Detective Dan Anderson verified Linda's statements.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda to the station for further questioning.
Detective Dan Anderson stayed on the trail like a bloodhound.
Detective Dan Anderson scoured the scene for evidence.
Detective Dan Anderson returned to Linda's house armed with a search warrant.
Detective Dan Anderson picked up another trail.
Detective Dan Anderson interviewed Linda.
Detective Dan Anderson has finally pieced together the whole murder story.
Detective Dan Anderson got an anonymous tip from a man who claimed to know Linda.
Detective Dan Anderson gave Linda a routine polygraph test.
Detective Dan Anderson checked Linda for weapons.
Detective Dan Anderson called in the FBI.
Detective Dan Anderson believed that it was Matt who carried out the killings.
Detective Dan Anderson and his team conducted a more thorough search in the park.
Dan wrote many letters to Linda's mother.
Dan wore white tennis shoes.
Dan wondered what Linda was trying to do.
Dan will be with aunt Linda tomorrow.
Dan watched the kids at the park.
Dan was well aware that he could get a fortune from Linda's death.
Dan was very upset and emotional.
Dan was used as a go-between.
Dan was two thousand miles away when the murder was committed.
Dan was true to his word.
Dan was too young to go to the park alone.
Dan was the prime suspect.
Dan was the hired gun.
Dan was surprised by Linda's reaction.
Dan was suffering a migraine headache.
Dan was seen talking to an unknown man near the restaurant.
Dan was reading a book about Charlie Chaplin.
Dan was presumed dead, though his body had never been found.
Dan was last seen wearing blue jeans and a black leather jacket.
Dan was known to have high-powered weapons.
Dan was killed just two days before the trial began.
Dan was inside his apartment when he heard Matt and Linda arguing in the hallway.
Dan was in desperate need of assistance.
Dan was homeless and lived in his van.
Dan was going to stay up all night long.
Dan was deeply troubled by Linda's death.
Dan was arrested and charged with rape.
Dan was apparently murdered in his bed.
Dan was a ruthless killer.
Dan wants to see the manager right now.
Dan wanted to talk to the police again.
Dan wanted the rest of his money.
Dan videotaped Linda's apartment.
Dan tried to contact Linda's family.
Dan took Linda's baby and disappeared into the night.
Dan took Linda out on a date.
Dan told Detective Linda Smith about the murder.
Dan tied Linda's hands.
Dan thinks that Linda was the mastermind of the murder.
Dan talked to Linda on the phone repeatedly.
Dan's version of the story didn't match the evidence.
Dan suffered a terrible loss with the death of his wife, Linda.
Dan's truck seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
Dan strangled Linda with a pillow case.
Dan stopped to pick up a friend.
Dan's store was within walking distance from Linda's home.
Dan stopped by to pick up Linda.
Dan stood trial for the first degree murder of Linda Smith.
Dan stole Matt's identity and cashed thousands of dollars from Matt's account.
Dan spent hours scanning dozens of pages of Linda's diary.
Dan smoked marijuana with Linda.
Dan slipped through the fingers of the police.
Dan's letter was postmarked London.
Dan showed up at Linda's house.
Dan shot Linda in the eye.
Dan's home phone was tapped by police.
Dan's fortune waned.
Dan served only two weeks in jail before his family came up with bail money.
Dan seemed a promising suspect.
Dan's death sentence was commuted to life in prison without parole.
Dan's car was the only one in the parking lot.
Dan's car was missing from the garage.
Dan's car was found outside a pub.
Dan's body was found handcuffed in the woods.
Dan's bedroom was in disarray.
Dan saw Linda talking to an unknown man outside her home.
Dan rented that car from London.
Dan relayed messages between Matt and Linda.
Dan received a letter in Linda's handwriting.
Dan put everything back in the garage.
Dan promised Linda to do everything he could to help and protect her.
Dan printed thousands of pages of articles from the Internet.
Dan posted missing person fliers everywhere in the town.
Dan parked the rental car near the police station.
Dan paid Linda a visit at her office.
Dan ordered two books from the publishing house.
Dan only talked briefly to Linda.
Dan nourished the hope that Linda was still alive.
Dan noticed Linda's photograph on the wall.
Dan moved out of the area.
Dan might have abducted Linda.
Dan met Matt in prison.
Dan may have had a fight with Linda.
Dan made a grizzly discovery.
Dan looked out the window and saw Linda coming.
Dan lived a few blocks away from Linda's home.
Dan likely smothered Linda until she died.
Dan lied about his whereabouts.
Dan left his daughter Linda with Matt.
Dan knew nothing about the murders.
Dan is worried about Linda's baby.
Dan is still missing.
Dan is considering living in London forever.
Dan is a highly trained professional investigator.
Dan is a firearms expert.
Dan invited Linda for a very specific reason.
Dan has been living in London since 1978.
Dan harassed Linda with continuous calls.
Dan handed the map to Linda.
Dan had trouble with Linda's brother.
Dan had that sinister feeling that something was wrong.
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up.
Dan had no alternative.
Dan had lunch outside with Linda.
Dan had many friends and no girlfriend.
Dan had been missing for two years and was presumed dead.
Dan had a very stormy relationship with Linda.
Dan had a rocky relationship with Linda.
Dan had a perfect alibi.
Dan had an insatiable appetite towards violence.
Dan had a lot of stereo entertainment equipment in his room.
Dan had a hip surgery.
Dan had a great time with Linda.
Dan had a bloody nose inside the car.
Dan got into his car and drove off.
Dan gave the detective an account of his activities that day.
Dan gagged Linda and locked her up in a closet.
Dan found Linda's bike in the basement.
Dan forgot himself and told the truth.
Dan fixed a quick meal for Linda.
Dan encouraged Linda to write to her father.
Dan dumped Linda's body in the river.
Dan drove to the river.
Dan distanced himself from Linda's family.
Dan discussed each detail with Linda.
Dan discovered a pile of dirty clothes in Linda's backyard.
Dan disconnected Linda from her respirator.
Dan died of asphyxiation.
Dan did some research on Linda.
Dan didn't use a mobile.
Dan didn't know where Linda was heading, but followed her anyway.
Dan didn't intentionally murder Linda.
Dan didn't have any empathy whatsoever to any human being.
Dan didn't care about the feelings of others.
Dan devised an escape scheme with one of his cellmates.
Dance with angels.
Dan denied he had anything to do with Linda's rape.
Dan demanded to see the manager.
Dan decided to risk it all.
Dan couldn't understand the magnitude of what had taken place.
Dan couldn't believe that Linda could do something that dumb.
Dan corroborated Linda's story.
Dan carefully lifted the badly decayed body of the cat.
Dan came for a visit yesterday.
Dan began to search the house.
Dan assured Linda that he wasn't going to hurt her.
Dan asked Linda for the rest of his payment.
Dan approached Linda's car.
Dan appears to have had several surgeries in the leg.
Dan apologized and hung up.
Dan and Linda stopped talking to each other.
Dan and Linda flew to London.
Dan agreed to talk to Detective Matt Brown at the station.
Dan admitted that when he rolled Linda over, he was under the influence of marijuana.
Both garage doors were open.
A young girl's body was discovered near Dan's home.
An intruder entered Dan's room.
All of us were shocked by the news.
After listening to Dan's voice on the phone, Linda started crying.
What are your credentials ?
What exactly are his credentials ?
Hebrew is not at all old-fashioned, but rather modern, effervescent, and fresh.
Please present any requests in writing.
Everyone has their own burdens.
Facebook and text messages have emerged as key evidence in the trial of a man for raping a student.
Tom put his cap on back to front, in an effort to look hip.
Tom forgot to lock his bike up, and when he came back it was gone.
Tom's the life of the party.
Tom's boss is a stuffed shirt, who's very awkward in social situations.
This restaurant only serves appetizers.
You should eat less red meat.
I filled up the jacuzzi with hot water.
Is Tom coming to pick you up?
Are your parents coming to pick you up?
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.
Not you, too, Tom.
Nooo, Tom! Not you, too!
My name is Jim.
Excuse me, I don't understand.
Do you speak Kiribati?
The Prime Minister admitted that the government's new social security policy probably wouldn't pass the pub test.
My eyesight is not good.
He's a very lucky man.
She's a very lucky girl.
Tom, do you still love me?
"Tom, do you still love me?" "Of course, I do."
We were supposed to go swimming together.
Did you enjoy your swim?
I have no idea where we are or where we're going.
Are you a religious person?
Tom chewed on his pencil.
She removed her makeup and washed her face.
What are you doing here, Tom? Mary doesn't want to see you.
I'm going to a garden party.
What did he say this time?
What did she say this time?
They did not go to sleep until the early hours of the morning.
Tom removed his fake beard.
Tom removed his wig.
She stood very close to him.
He stood very close to her.
I had the pleasure to try the good Gaucho barbecue.
He is not as handsome as Tom.
I prefer quail eggs.
Does Bach not tell you anything?
There's nothing without divine will.
If I could've prevented this, I would've.
Tom spent his summer vacation at his grandmother's.
Tom's house is about the same size as Mary's.
Everybody dies.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't.
Tom took an umbrella to school, but Mary didn't.
Even if I wanted to do that, I couldn't.
I tried to get Tom to help me, but he wouldn't.
My hair is longer than Tom's.
The wallet I found was Tom's.
The car parked in front of your house is Tom's.
Which suitcases are Tom's?
Which suitcase is Tom's?
How long were you at the zoo?
Tom took his brother to the zoo.
Tom asked me to take him to the zoo.
You'd like that now, wouldn't you?
You'd like to help, wouldn't you?
You wouldn't really do that, would you?
Get a chair for Tom, would you?
Hold onto this for me, would you?
You'll come back to visit, won't you?
You'll come back to see us, won't you?
You'll be nice to Tom, won't you?
You'll come back to see us sometime, won't you?
What am I going to do without you?
How am I going to survive without you?
How will I manage without you?
It's not the same around here without you.
Wouldn't it be better if I went with you?
Are your parents with you?
Am I the only one that agrees with you?
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Do you have your guitar with you?
Do you want someone to go with you?
Do you need me to go with you?
What am I going to do with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to go to Boston with you?
Are you going to ask Mary to go to the prom with you?
Can I get a minute with you?
Could we have a minute with you?
Can I have a minute with you?
Could I have a minute with you?
Are you sure you don't want me there with you?
Will you take me with you?
Am I the only one that doesn't agree with you?
Am I the only one who doesn't agree with you?
Could we have a word with you?
Excuse me, can I have a word with you?
Tom hasn't been totally honest with you.
Let me be honest with you.
Maybe I should go with you.
Perhaps I might come with you.
Tom and Mary don't agree with you.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't agree with you.
Hand me the hammer, will you?
Keep an eye on Tom, will you?
By the way, where were you?
You weren't supposed to come here, were you?
What did I say to upset you?
How are they treating you?
How have they been treating you?
How's married life treating you?
Does that sound likely to you?
What else did Tom say to you?
Are they important to you?
Is it really that important to you?
Why is this so important to you?
Does that seem right to you?
Does that sound right to you?
Does Tom look nervous to you?
Did Tom say anything about this to you?
Does that seem fair to you?
Does this seem fair to you?
What does it matter to you?
Does that sound familiar to you?
How can I ever make it up to you?
How can I make this up to you?
What did Tom ever do to you?
Why did I ever listen to you?
Why should we listen to you?
Does that seem practical to you?
Why does it matter so much to you?
Does that mean anything to you?
Does that make any sense to you?
What's that smell like to you?
What's it look like to you?
What does that look like to you?
What's that look like to you?
What does that sound like to you?
What difference does it make to you?
Why would Tom lie to you?
Does that look like blood to you?
When was the last time Tom talked to you?
No one is threatening you.
How can we ever thank you?
Don't forget to say thank you.
Remember to say thank you.
Even if I knew where Tom was, I wouldn't tell you.
Tom told me not to tell you.
How long will it really take you?
Why does that surprise you?
Why should that surprise you?
Didn't you get the money I sent you?
Did you like the roses I sent you?
Did you get the letter I sent you?
Did you listen to the MPfile I sent you?
I know Tom will be happy to see you.
Listen, I need to see you.
What business is that of yours?
Is that a friend of yours?
Was Tom a friend of yours?
Take care of yourselves.
Do you often talk to yourself?
How did you support yourself?
Are you proud of yourself?
Here, look for yourself.
Why do you doubt yourself?
Please control yourself.
Are you sure you can handle it by yourself?
Do you really think you can do that by yourself?
Did you really build that by yourself?
Do you expect me to believe you did this by yourself?
Did you really do this all by yourself?
What are you doing sitting here in the dark all by yourself?
Are you here all by yourself?
How can we ever repay you?
I think Tom will probably remember you.
What do I have to say to persuade you?
What can I say to persuade you?
What's it going to take to persuade you?
How much cash do you have on you?
What job did they offer you?
Are they taking care of you?
Are they taking good care of you?
Why would I be afraid of you?
Why do you think I'm scared of you?
What singers were popular when you were young?
What bands were popular when you were young?
Tom played the clarinet when he was younger.
I worked on a farm when I was younger.
It was very nice meeting you.
Where would you like me to meet you?
What time should I meet you?
Tom said he wants to meet you.
Everyone's dying to meet you.
How did you get Tom to marry you?
Tom obviously loves you.
My parents are going to love you.
What makes you so sure Tom likes you?
Did you get the note that I left you?
Do you really think I'm going to kiss you?
Do you mind if we join you?
Would you mind if we join you?
No one's going to hurt you.
Has Tom ever hit you?
Are you sure I can't help you?
Why don't you let us help you?
Now who's going to help you?
Do you really think I'm going to help you?
Isn't there anyone else who can help you?
Why wouldn't Tom help you?
What makes you think I'll help you?
How exactly may I help you?
No one's going to help you.
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.
Maybe I'll be able to help you.
You've heard about it, haven't you?
You've been waiting for this, haven't you?
You've been letting me win, haven't you?
You have told Tom the truth, haven't you?
You've been lying about everything, haven't you?
You've been thinking about me, haven't you?
You've gotten used to having Tom around, haven't you?
You've decided to take the job, haven't you?
You haven't had breakfast yet, have you?
You haven't said anything to Tom yet, have you?
You haven't been home yet, have you?
You've never been in prison, have you?
You haven't told Tom you're an ex-con, have you?
You've never kissed Tom, have you?
You haven't been a teacher very long, have you?
You haven't shown this to anyone else, have you?
You've never done that before, have you?
You've never seen one of these before, have you?
You've never seen one before, have you?
You haven't been honest with me, have you?
You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?
You haven't told Tom you're married, have you?
You haven't seen my umbrella, have you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
No one's going to harm you.
Have you already spent the money Tom gave you?
Do you think I could ever forget you?
Do you really think I'm going to forget you?
Have things been difficult for you?
Would you like me to take care of it for you?
Is there anything I can get for you?
Is there anything else I can get for you?
Do you want me to carry that for you?
Here, why don't you let me do that for you?
Do you want me to translate that for you?
Did you pay somebody to write this for you?
Does this make it easier for you?
How can I make it easier for you?
What do you want me to do for you?
Is there anything we can do for you?
Is there anything else we can do for you?
What I can do for you?
Are you sure there's nothing else I can do for you?
Is there anything more I can do for you?
Wasn't there anything they could do for you?
Is there someone I can call for you?
Do all those people work for you?
Do you want me to put that in the trunk for you?
Wasn't that enough for you?
How long has Tom been working for you?
Is Tom still working for you?
Is anybody looking for you?
Isn't Tom a little old for you?
Has Tom ever worked for you?
Here, I'll open it for you.
Perhaps I could have Tom take care of that for you.
Let me make it easier for you.
Somebody's waiting for you.
Everyone knows that Tom has a thing for you.
I have a little surprise for you.
Did you think I wouldn't find you?
Do you know where Tom is or don't you?
You get paid a lot, don't you?
You live across the street, don't you?
You do remember that, don't you?
You like doing that, don't you?
You actually believe that, don't you?
You sing in the choir, don't you?
You like peanut butter, don't you?
You do know that Tom and Mary broke up, don't you?
You really like baseball, don't you?
You know this is illegal, don't you?
You do understand French, don't you?
You do drive, don't you?
You still want me to come, don't you?
You really do hate me, don't you?
You think it was a mistake, don't you?
You really do hate your ex-wife, don't you?
You do know the difference, don't you?
You don't mind if I leave early, do you?
You don't have to do that now, do you?
You don't really think Tom tried to cheat you, do you?
You have no idea what I'm talking about, do you?
You don't know what you want, do you?
You don't think that I did it, do you?
You don't think I did it, do you?
You don't think I'm right, do you?
You don't really plan to do that, do you?
You don't think Tom really could do that, do you?
You really don't believe that, do you?
You don't like living with your parents, do you?
You really don't know who that is, do you?
You don't think Tom will call again, do you?
You don't really know Tom, do you?
You don't still love Tom, do you?
You don't know who I am, do you?
You don't know anything about basketball, do you?
You don't like Tom very much, do you?
You don't get out much, do you?
You don't sleep much, do you?
You really don't like me much, do you?
You don't get paid much, do you?
You don't know any French, do you?
You don't know what you're doing, do you?
You don't actually believe that nonsense, do you?
You don't know that for sure, do you?
You don't want to see me anymore, do you?
You don't think Tom is here, do you?
You have no idea what's going on here, do you?
You still don't know my name, do you?
You still don't believe me, do you?
You drank a beer at lunch today, didn't you?
You did ask me to help you, didn't you?
You had bacon and eggs for breakfast, didn't you?
You said you wanted my help, didn't you?
You told Tom the truth, didn't you?
You really didn't know, did you?
You didn't bring your guitar, did you?
You didn't let me win, did you?
You didn't believe me, did you?
You didn't quit your job, did you?
You can do that, can't you?
You can still help Tom, can't you?
You can understand French, can't you?
You can drive, can't you?
You can't really read my mind, can you?
What am I supposed to call you?
If we need your help, we'll call you.
Is that what's really bothering you?
Is that what's bothering you?
How could it not bother you?
Does that smell bother you?
Does the smoke bother you?
Do you think Tom will believe you?
Why should we believe you?
Why would Tom be angry at you?
Did Tom really throw rocks at you?
Did you see the way Tom looked at you?
Does Tom ever get mad at you?
Why would I be mad at you?
Why should I be mad at you?
Is there some way I can assist you?
What questions did Tom ask you?
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you?
You're feeling better now, aren't you?
You're old friends, aren't you?
You're feeling better, aren't you?
You're a little drunk, aren't you?
You're seeing someone else, aren't you?
You're through here, aren't you?
You really are insane, aren't you?
You're having a pretty good time, aren't you?
You're falling in love with me, aren't you?
You're on a tight schedule, aren't you?
What kind of scientist are you?
What kind of historian are you?
You're not going to cry, are you?
You're not going to open it, are you?
You aren't really going to do that, are you?
You're not going to do that, are you?
You're not supposed to do that, are you?
You're not going to like that, are you?
You're not afraid of ghosts, are you?
You're not still afraid of dogs, are you?
You're not thinking about leaving, are you?
You're not allergic to anything, are you?
You're not going to hurt me, are you?
You aren't really afraid of me, are you?
You're not afraid of me, are you?
You're not still afraid of me, are you?
You're not afraid, are you?
You're not still afraid, are you?
You aren't very organized, are you?
What does Tom have against you?
Has anybody invited you yet?
Have you taken Cookie for a walk yet?
Have you found your umbrella yet?
Have you called Tom yet?
We haven't heard from Tom yet.
Have you found your ticket yet?
No one is supposed to know about that yet.
Has it started snowing yet?
Tom hasn't gone shopping yet.
Have you finished the puzzle yet?
Tom hasn't sent the package yet.
Have you asked Mary out yet?
Haven't you figured it out yet?
Are there any girls here you haven't met yet?
Have you had any luck yet?
Are you hungry yet?
Why haven't you done your homework yet?
Have you filled out the forms yet?
Tom hasn't watered the flowers yet.
It's not really finished yet.
Tom hasn't painted the fence yet.
Are my clothes dry yet?
Why aren't you dressed yet?
Have you talked to the doctors yet?
Why hasn't this land been developed yet?
I haven't picked my bridesmaids yet.
Have you taken your break yet?
Tom hasn't come back from Boston yet.
Tom hasn't opened his book yet.
Why hasn't Tom come back yet?
Have they found anything yet?
Have you found anything yet?
Do you have an answer yet?
A guy named Tom came to see you yesterday.
Do you remember what Tom was wearing yesterday?
Tom came for a visit yesterday.
Tom didn't want to play tennis with us yesterday.
Did you really see Tom yesterday?
I played tennis with Tom yesterday.
Did Tom play tennis yesterday?
Tom was absent from school yesterday.
This is the book Tom mentioned yesterday.
Tom said he saw a lion yesterday.
I saw Tom in the library yesterday.
I met Tom at the hotel yesterday.
I met Tom on my way home yesterday.
Weren't you here yesterday?
Did you ask Tom why he wasn't here yesterday?
We had some trouble here yesterday.
Why didn't Tom come yesterday?
Tom wasn't in class yesterday.
Did you borrow Tom's car yesterday?
Why were you so busy yesterday?
Where were you boys yesterday?
This is the book that Tom was talking about yesterday.
There's no need to yell.
I've known Tom for about three years.
Tom has lived in Boston for the last three years.
Tom has had the same girlfriend for the last three years.
Tom and Mary dated each other for three years.
Tom was a prison warden for three years.
Tom and Mary dated for three years.
Tom hasn't shaved in three years.
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.
My parents have been married for thirty years.
Tom lived in Boston for several years.
Tom and I have known each other for many years.
Tom has been a teacher for many years.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston for many years.
Tom washes the kitchen curtains twice a year.
Try not to fall.
Let me see what you wrote.
I'm going to give Tom a copy of the book I wrote.
Are you ready to admit you're wrong?
Do you have any idea what's wrong?
What made you think that you were wrong?
What do you suppose went wrong?
Did you ask Tom what was wrong?
Are you saying Tom was wrong?
Are you saying I was wrong?
Tom didn't try to find out what was wrong.
Tom didn't try very hard to find out what was wrong.
Perhaps Tom was wrong.
Are you saying that that's wrong?
I think I'm doing something wrong.
What could possibly have gone wrong?
What else could go wrong?
Tom said I might be wrong.
Are we doing anything wrong?
This book is very well written.
This book is well written.
It's just a superficial wound.
Tom has been severely wounded.
Tom was seriously wounded.
It's taking longer than I thought it would.
That cost a lot more than I thought it would.
That took much more time than I thought it would.
If I could explain it, I would.
Tom made more money on that deal than he thought he would.
What do you think it's worth?
What do you think this is worth?
What do you think my old guitar is worth?
Doing that will only make things worse.
It couldn't get much worse.
It could've been much worse.
It could've been a lot worse.
It certainly could've been worse.
My parents are probably starting to worry.
It's normal to be worried.
Tom took a trip around the world.
Are you sure it will work?
Are you sure this will work?
What do you say we get back to work?
Would you please let me get back to work?
Can't you see we're trying to work?
How is that going to work?
Are you sure that's going to work?
How's it supposed to work?
Well, let's get to work.
I have to get to work.
All right, let's get back to work.
It's time to get back to work.
How does this thing work?
There's not a chance that that'll work.
Do you know where Tom works?
I've finished all my work.
How can you be sure it'll work?
Tom spent all his time working.
What are the odds of this working?
Our plan is working.
Nothing else is working.
The washing machine still doesn't seem to be working.
Does Tom ever talk about his work?
Aren't you supposed to be at work?
Is everything going OK at work?
What are you doing after work?
Does this ever actually work?
Were those Tom's exact words?
We got lost in the woods.
Tom and John both married younger women.
Do you recognize that woman?
There weren't any witnesses.
Who was that woman I saw you with?
Is there anything I can help you with?
Is there anything I could help you with?
Perhaps that's something I can help you with.
Maybe that's something I can help you with.
Who were you on the phone with?
All right, let's get this over with.
Come on, let's get this over with.
OK, let's get this over with.
Who am I supposed to go with?
Who are you going to dinner with?
Who was that girl I saw you dancing with?
Who are you spending Christmas with?
What am I being charged with?
Is there anyone you don't get along with?
Tom is one of the hardest guys to get along with.
Are you sure that's wise?
Do you really think you're going to win?
What chance does Tom have of actually winning?
How about a glass of wine?
Did Tom really drink a glass of wine?
Tom poured Mary a glass of wine.
This is a good bottle of wine.
Would you like some more wine?
What's your most expensive wine?
Tom wants you to help him wash windows.
Do you really think you can win?
I heard that Tom has left his wife.
Someone told me Tom left his wife.
Tom asked Mary to pretend to be his wife.
Tom invited us to have dinner with him and his wife.
It's about three inches wide.
Is that really the reason why?
What I don't understand is why.
Would you mind if I ask why?
See you in a little while.
Tom wants you to wait for a while.
No one's been here in a while.
Tom comes to visit me every once in a while.
Tom has been trying to find a new apartment for quite a while.
It's been quite a while.
This could take a while.
Do you know anything about whales?
Is your hair still wet?
We should go, shouldn't we?
Do you have any idea how lucky you were?
I was just as surprised as you were.
Did you know what Tom's plans were?
Does anyone here know where Tom went?
Did you see where Tom went?
We don't know where Tom went.
Where do you think everyone went?
Did you know Tom very well?
It's not going very well.
Tom gets paid very well.
I didn't think Tom could speak French that well.
It really turned out well.
Make sure you wash your hands well.
It seems to be going well.
Tom has a couple of friends who speak French well.
That was just a little bit weird.
Tom has put on a lot of weight.
Tom has lost quite a lot of weight.
Tom lied about how much he weighed.
Tom has been sick in bed for the past three weeks.
Tom stayed at my house for three weeks.
I'm only going to be here for three weeks.
It's going to take three weeks.
Did Tom say anything about going to Boston next week?
Would you go with me to the homecoming dance next week?
Tom will get married to Mary next week.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next week.
Tom and I'll meet again next week.
I'll go to Boston to see Tom next week.
Maybe we can go fishing next week.
Didn't you have the flu last week?
Guess who I saw last week.
Tom ended up not buying the car he was looking at last week.
Tom bought a car last week.
We were in Boston last week.
I saw Tom last week.
Tom lent me this book last week.
Tom was fired from his job last week.
What'll you do this weekend?
What did you guys do this weekend?
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?
What do you like to do on weekends?
Tom often comes to see me on weekends.
What do you plan to do next weekend?
Would you mind taking care of my dog next weekend?
Tom read three novels last weekend.
Perhaps we shouldn't have gone to Boston last weekend.
Tom stayed in Boston last weekend.
Tom has had a cold since last weekend.
We've been trying to contact you all week.
I teach Tom's children French three days a week.
Tom says he goes jogging three or four times a week.
Tom says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
Tom has been sick for a week.
Tom only washes his hair once a week.
We make a pretty good team, don't we?
We don't really have to talk about this right now, do we?
We don't have much choice, do we?
We did have fun together, didn't we?
We did have a lot of fun, didn't we?
We did do the right thing, didn't we?
We didn't make too much of a mess, did we?
We didn't do the right thing, did we?
Do you remember what song it was that Tom sang at our wedding?
We can't take that chance, can we?
What size boots do you wear?
Did you bring anything else to wear?
Tom didn't wear the tie Mary wanted him to wear.
We're not really going to do this, are we?
We aren't very organized, are we?
Is this the murder weapon?
This isn't the murder weapon.
The police think that Tom's hammer was the murder weapon.
It's probably better this way.
Maybe it's better this way.
It's much easier this way.
Come on, let's get out of the way.
Perhaps we can help Tom in some way.
Tom gets angry when he doesn't get his own way.
What was wrong with the old way?
There's got be a better way.
There's got to be another way.
Tom filled the teapot with water.
Are you sure it's OK to drink this water?
How long was Tom in the water?
Would you pour me some water?
Are you sure you don't want a glass of water?
Will you get me a glass of water?
Could you get me a glass of water?
Would you like a glass of water?
Let me get you a glass of water.
Tom brought me a glass of water.
Is there any more water?
Would you like some more water?
What's in the bottle is just water.
All Tom ever drinks is water.
Could you get me some ice water?
Are you sure we have enough water?
Tom didn't want to jump into the cold water.
What other movies did you watch?
What kinds of movies do you like to watch?
Tom is wearing a very expensive watch.
Tom is good at repairing watches.
Who do you suppose that was?
Did you ask Tom what he thought the problem was?
What did you think my name was?
What did you say your brother's name was?
What did you say your job was?
Are you sure you don't know what it was?
Did you ever figure out what it was?
Do you have any idea what it was?
That wasn't the way it was.
Maybe that's what it was.
Where did you think I was?
How did you know where I was?
Aren't you even going to ask me where I was?
Do you realize how worried I was?
How old did Tom say he was?
How was I supposed to know who he was?
Tom isn't as rich as we thought he was.
Did you find out who that guy was?
It's already starting to get warmer.
Do you always get what you want?
Are you certain this is what you want?
Are you certain that's what you want?
Have you found what you want?
What information do you want?
What kind of dressing do you want?
Well, what more do you want?
What kind of food do you want?
Please stay as long as you want.
Are you sure you know what Tom wants?
Are you sure that's what Tom wants?
What do you suppose Tom wants?
I think this is exactly what Tom wants.
Maybe that's exactly what Tom wants.
Is that what everybody wants?
What did the police want?
What more could a person want?
Do you really want to know what I want?
Do you think that's what I want?
Isn't that exactly what you wanted?
Did you get everything you wanted?
Were you able to get everything you wanted?
Is that everything you wanted?
Is there anything else you wanted?
Here's the stuff you wanted.
This is what Tom said he wanted.
Isn't that what you've always wanted?
There is a portrait of Tom Jackson on the wall.
There's graffiti on the walls.
How did you get Tom to admit he was the one who stole your wallet?
Did Tom say where he found your wallet?
Come on, let's go far a walk.
Come on, let's take a walk.
How long can we wait?
Have you really decided not to wait?
Have you decided not to wait?
How long are we going to wait?
Aren't you supposed to wait?
It's going to be a three-hour wait.
How long should I wait?
There are other people waiting.
There's a cab outside waiting.
We're tired of waiting.
How long has Tom been waiting?
Does Tom drive a station wagon?
Do you want me to make you waffles?
Who said anything about volunteering?
Would you please lower your voice?
Did you recognize that man's voice?
I recognized Tom at once by his voice.
How well do you play the violin?
Are you sure that Tom plays the violin?
When was the last time you had a real vacation?
When was the last time you had a vacation?
It'll be like a vacation.
Maybe you need a vacation.
Why don't you spend the night with us?
Is Tom coming to dinner with us?
Don't you want to go with us?
Are you saying that you don't want to go with us?
Do you really think Tom will want to go with us?
Did you ask Tom if he wants to go with us?
Would you be interested in going to Boston with us?
Why isn't Tom going to Boston with us?
Why isn't Tom eating with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go fishing with us?
Would you like to live with us?
Can we really expect Tom to cooperate with us?
Why isn't Tom here with us?
Do you want to live here with us?
I didn't think Tom would want to go with us.
The Jacksons are going with us.
I couldn't talk Tom into coming here with us.
It's a pity that Tom can't come with us.
Tom didn't want to come with us.
I wish you would let Tom come with us.
I wish you had let Tom come with us.
I wish you'd let Tom come with us.
Tom was late for school as usual.
Tom came late as usual.
Do you have anything you want to say to us?
Do you have anything to say to us?
Could you explain it to us?
Why is Tom being so mean to us?
Why would Tom lie to us?
Why is Tom being so nice to us?
Tom is the guy that wanted to talk to us.
I think Tom was lying to us.
What's stopping us?
No one's going to see us.
Thanks for reminding us.
How did you get here ahead of us?
There were about thirty of us.
There's room for both of us.
There were only three of us.
I forgot to tell Tom what time to meet us.
Would either of you like to join us?
My friends and I are hanging out tonight. Would you like to join us?
Would you like to join us?
Will you and Tom join us?
Perhaps we should ask Tom to join us.
I tried to persuade Tom to join us.
Perhaps you'd like to join us.
Tom and I were wondering if you'd like to join us.
Would you mind helping us?
It might've taken longer if Tom hadn't helped us.
It might make things easier if Tom helped us.
Are you saying Tom won't help us?
Do you know of anyone that can help us?
Do you think Tom can help us?
Do you really think Tom will help us?
Why would Tom come over here and help us?
Tom didn't want to help us.
There's nobody left to help us.
I want to get Tom to help us.
Maybe there's someone else who can help us.
I didn't think Tom would help us.
Are you sure Tom can't hear us?
Do you think anyone is going to hear us?
Are you sure Tom can hear us?
Why didn't you wait for us?
Do you have any questions for us?
What else can you do for us?
How long have you been working for us?
Are they still looking for us?
Tom said he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
How did you know where to find us?
What kind of poison did you use?
It's relatively simple to use.
It's simple to use.
This is the desk that Tom uses.
These will be very useful.
This could be very useful.
Did you find anything that might be useful?
What good does that do us?
Please quit bothering us.
Those guys are looking at us.
Are you with us or against us?
How did Tom find out about us?
My secretary said it was urgent.
It's really quite urgent.
It really is quite urgent.
What time should I pick you up?
Let me know the moment Tom wakes up.
What time did Tom say he'd pick us up?
Why hasn't anybody cleaned this up?
Thanks for clearing that up.
I'm sure that Tom made that story up.
There's a fire upstairs.
The children were asleep upstairs.
I heard that Tom and Mary have split up.
Would the two of you shut up?
The teacher told Tom to shut up.
We waited for Tom at the library for thirty minutes, but he never showed up.
There's no reason to get upset.
It was too good a deal to pass up.
Are they going to beat me up?
What time do you want to pick me up?
Thank you for waking me up.
Tom apologized and then hung up.
Did you know each other growing up?
Tom and Mary still live in Boston where they both grew up.
What are you still doing up?
I hear that Tom and Mary have broken up.
I think that would be very unwise.
That would be very unwise.
Have you noticed anything unusual?
Aren't you being just a little unreasonable?
Have you finished unpacking?
This is completely unnecessary.
Tom showed up at Mary's house unexpectedly.
It's very hard to understand.
Do you still not understand?
How long has Tom been unconscious?
This place is unbelievable.
I see that you've found your umbrella.
Is that Tom's umbrella?
Do you still have Tom's umbrella?
This is Tom's umbrella.
Tom told Mary to take an umbrella.
Tom urged Mary to take an umbrella.
Tom told Mary that she should take an umbrella.
How are things between you two?
What's wrong with you two?
Lightning does sometimes strike the same place twice.
Do you have a pair of tweezers?
How much time do you spend watching TV?
All Tom does is play video games and watch TV.
Could you please turn off the TV?
Next time, it's your turn.
There's no water in the tub.
What makes you think I wasn't trying?
Should I consider giving it another try?
How did you discover the truth?
Why don't you just tell Tom the truth?
ׁWhy didn't Tom tell the truth?
What made you believe Tom was telling the truth?
Are you afraid of the truth?
I think what Tom told us wasn't the truth.
There's a blanket in the trunk.
How long have you been playing the trumpet?
Are any of those things true?
Do you actually think that's true?
How can you be sure that's true?
Are you saying that's not true?
We don't even know if it's true.
That's not entirely true.
That's not completely true.
Where did you park the truck?
Have you been staying out of trouble?
It seemed like too much trouble.
Are you looking for trouble?
Tom has three soccer trophies.
Did you know Tom plays the trombone?
Why did you cancel your trip?
What do you think I should pack for my trip?
This is going to be a great trip.
It could be some kind of trick.
Is this some kind of a trick?
This isn't an apple tree.
Tom lost control of his car and crashed it into a tree.
Have you taken out the trash?
This better not be a trap.
That wasn't easy to translate.
Tom got up early in order to catch the first train.
It's an old Irish tradition.
It seemed like a good trade.
Please give Tom all these toys.
What brings you back to town?
When will you get back to town?
Do you live in this part of town?
How long are you going to be in town?
It did take some getting used to.
What are these kids up to?
This could be a little tough.
Which hospital did they take Tom to?
Do you know the guys Tom is talking to?
Isn't there someone else you can talk to?
I only talked to Tom when there was no one else to talk to.
Are you a doctor now, too?
Humans aren't the only animals that use tools.
Do you guys want to come, too?
Tom was arrested, too.
Did you enjoy yourself tonight?
What's wrong with you tonight?
There's no wind tonight.
What should I wear tonight?
Are you going to meet Tom tonight?
I'll talk with Tom tonight.
It's not likely Tom will be there tonight.
Do you have a place to stay tonight?
What are your plans tonight?
What are you going to wear to the party tonight?
Are you going to go to the party tonight?
I'm invited to Tom's party tonight.
My boss wants me to work late tonight.
Could you do me a favor and babysit my kids tonight?
It'll take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight.
Are you coming home tonight?
Are you going to be home tonight?
Are your parents going to be home tonight?
Are any of you guys free tonight?
Did you have plans for tonight?
Have you had anything to drink tonight?
What are you guys doing tonight?
What are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Didn't you have a date tonight?
Are you still planning on going back to Boston tonight?
Are they coming back tonight?
Are you coming back tonight?
Is Tom coming back tonight?
Tom is babysitting tonight.
It was a slip of the tongue.
Keep up the good work, Tom.
Did you say you had a fight with Tom?
Did you go to Boston with Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Boston with Tom?
Did you get a chance to talk with Tom?
My father won't let me go out with Tom.
My dad won't let me go out with Tom.
You don't have to sit with Tom.
There's a young woman with Tom.
I used to go to school with Tom.
I had an interesting talk with Tom.
Perhaps I should talk with Tom.
Maybe I should talk with Tom.
There's something wrong with Tom.
It's hard to get along with Tom.
Maybe I should stay here with Tom.
Perhaps I should remain here with Tom.
Did you even know that his name was Tom?
I'm thinking of going to Boston to visit Tom.
This is probably not a good time to visit Tom.
This might be a good time to visit Tom.
What makes you think we can trust Tom?
Have you said anything about this to Tom?
Should I try to talk to Tom?
How soon do you think you can talk to Tom?
Please give all these toys to Tom.
If I were you, I'd go talk to Tom.
Are you sure that's Tom?
I'm stronger than Tom.
Why didn't you try and stop Tom?
It's been a while since I've seen Tom.
I plan to go to Boston next Monday to see Tom.
I suggest that you go and see Tom.
Do you think you might recognize Tom?
Were you the one who poisoned Tom?
Am I going to see you tomorrow?
How are you going to get to work tomorrow?
Tom is going to help us tomorrow.
Why not wait until tomorrow?
It can't wait until tomorrow.
It'll have to wait until tomorrow.
Let's have a farewell party for Tom tomorrow.
It'll have to wait till tomorrow.
Tom won't be back till tomorrow.
Could we discuss this tomorrow?
Do both of us have to be there tomorrow?
How will you get to school tomorrow?
There's a very good chance that Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
I'll clean my room tomorrow.
Are you coming to my recital tomorrow?
What time do you want to meet tomorrow?
Perhaps we'll have better luck tomorrow.
What time does our plane leave tomorrow?
Tom has decided to leave tomorrow.
Tom did it this morning so he wouldn't have to do it tomorrow.
I'll visit Tom's house tomorrow.
It's going to be very hot tomorrow.
What makes you so sure that Tom will be here tomorrow?
There's a very good chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
My rent's due tomorrow.
What's Tom going to do tomorrow?
What would you like to do tomorrow?
What are you doing for dinner tomorrow?
Tom is going to wash the car tomorrow.
My parents are coming back tomorrow.
Please come back tomorrow.
Did you notify Tom?
Do you remember the day when we first met Tom?
Maybe I'll even get to meet Tom.
Why do so many people not like Tom?
So how exactly do you know Tom?
Someone tried to kill Tom.
The boy talking with Mary is Tom.
The one with the guitar is Tom.
The boy playing the guitar is Tom.
The guy playing the piano is Tom.
The boy over there reading a book is Tom.
The man sitting on that bench is Tom.
The guy with a beard is Tom.
Why didn't you invite Tom?
Why would you want to hire Tom?
Weren't you the one who recommended that we hire Tom?
Perhaps we should've tried helping Tom.
Do we know anyone down there who can help Tom?
I think we should try to help Tom.
I wish I'd been here to help Tom.
What did you find out from Tom?
Did you learn that from Tom?
Why are we waiting for Tom?
When did you start working for Tom?
How long have you worked for Tom?
Do you know where we can find Tom?
Do you really think we'll find Tom?
Could you help me find Tom?
Shouldn't we at least call Tom?
Do you want to call Tom?
Did you even bother to call Tom?
Aren't you going to call Tom?
Shouldn't we call Tom?
Perhaps you should call Tom.
You're not the only one who doesn't believe Tom.
I want you to stay here and babysit Tom.
Maybe we'd better ask Tom.
I think I can run as fast as Tom.
I wish I could play the piano as well as Tom.
How close are you and Tom?
What do you really know about Tom?
What else do you like about Tom?
You seem to know a lot about Tom.
What type of music do you normally listen to?
What kind of music do you normally listen to?
Tom doesn't play tennis as often as he'd like to.
I don't see Tom as often as I'd like to.
Do you always do everything you're told?
Did you forget to flush the toilet?
Tom didn't forget to flush the toilet.
Don't you have a family to go home to?
If Tom had gone there, I wouldn't have had to.
How long have you and Tom been working together?
Maybe we could work together.
What brought you two together?
Maybe we could spend some time together.
Tom and I went to high school together.
Did you go to the party together?
Tom and Mary walked back home together.
Did you two play golf together?
What do you and Tom do together?
Tom and Mary are planning to visit Boston together.
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.
Are you two back together?
It's nice to be back together.
You're supposed to be enjoying yourself today.
What's the matter with you today?
What's wrong with you today?
What's bothering you today?
Aren't you going to work today?
Have any of you seen Tom today?
Are we going to be able to finish this today?
Tom doesn't have time to do that today.
Tom is wearing a new suit today.
Tom is wearing a short-sleeve shirt today.
Are you sure Tom was at school today?
Tell Tom I won't be at school today.
Tom isn't well enough to go to school today.
It looks like rain today.
There were a lot of people in the park today.
There were lots of people in the park today.
Is Tom in a better mood today?
How were the kids today?
Guess who I ran into today.
What's going on here today?
Why are we here today?
Maybe that's the reason why Tom isn't here today.
It's doubtful that anything will get done here today.
What's wrong with everyone today?
Have you checked your email today?
My boss let me leave early today.
Have you been drinking today?
Has Tom been drinking today?
What are you two going to do today?
What do we have to do today?
Tom almost died today.
Tell me about what you did today.
Do we have to decide today?
There are no classes today.
We don't have classes today.
I don't want to go anywhere today.
It's what was agreed to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary something, but was afraid to.
How will you spend your time?
Have you been in here this whole time?
Have you been standing there the whole time?
Have you been here the whole time?
What did Tom say this time?
Did you really think it would be different this time?
Are you taking any medication at this time?
Did you expect something different to happen this time?
Where's Tom been all this time?
Would you mind paying this time?
How long are you going to be gone this time?
What did Tom say about me this time?
It's going to be harder this time.
It's got to work this time.
Tom is very likely to succeed this time.
Tom is likely to succeed this time.
Tom is bound to succeed this time.
It just didn't seem important at the time.
It's been there all the time.
These kinds of things take time.
Maybe there's still time.
Tom says he's climbed this mountain three times.
This may take some time.
That might take some time.
This is going to take some time.
It could take some time.
This could take some time.
Could we please talk about this some other time?
The problem is that Tom doesn't pay his bills on time.
Tom always arrives on time.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to get to school on time.
It's unlikely Tom will be here on time.
I doubt if Tom will come on time.
We've still got a lot of time.
All it took was some hard work and a lot of time.
It may just be a matter of time.
What's taking so much time?
It wouldn't take that much time.
This shouldn't take too much time.
There isn't any more time.
Take a little more time.
Were you married a long time?
That's a really long time.
Tom has been living in Boston for a long time.
I haven't seen Tom for a long time.
Tom and Mary have been waiting for a long time.
That's quite a long time.
That could take a long time.
Let me know when it's time.
Do you think we'll make it to the station in time?
Do you think we'll get to the station in time?
Were you able to get there in time?
We've still got time.
Are you sure this is a good time?
Aren't you having a good time?
Are you guys having a good time?
Everybody is having a good time.
Everyone is having a good time.
Everybody seems to be having a good time.
Have you been here the entire time?
Are you sure we have enough time?
There's not enough time.
There isn't enough time.
There wasn't enough time.
It's nearly closing time.
This is a really bad time.
Maybe this is a bad time.
Please drop by any time.
Could we do this another time?
Tom didn't arrive at the agreed-upon time.
Tom is wearing a black tie.
Tom rarely wears a tie.
Tom doesn't usually wear a tie.
Tom doesn't often wear a tie.
Tom was the one who gave me this ticket.
How much do I owe you for the ticket?
Where are the other three?
That almost sounds like a threat.
We don't have as much money as we thought.
Tom knew better than to ask Mary what she thought.
That's an intriguing thought.
That's an interesting thought.
That's not a bad thought.
Do you really think you need one of those?
There are plenty more of those.
How long have you had those?
What kind of trees are those?
Tom must've written this.
Are you familiar with this?
What am I going to do with this?
What should we do with this?
What should I do with this?
Would you please help me with this?
Please let me deal with this.
Do I really have to wear this?
Do I have to wear this?
Do you have the key to this?
Why are you opposed to this?
It'll take some time to get used to this.
Do you know a better way than this?
What could be more important than this?
How could anything be worse than this?
What if somebody saw this?
What does Tom have to do with any of this?
Why should I believe any of this?
Have you been able to confirm all of this?
What's the point of all of this?
Why didn't I think of this?
Why exactly do you need this?
Why did you show me this?
Why are you helping us like this?
How long has Tom been like this?
How long have you been feeling like this?
How can you live like this?
It's not normally like this.
My grandfather owned a car just like this.
It wasn't always like this.
It hasn't always been like this.
It's not supposed to be like this.
It wasn't supposed to be like this.
How long have you known this?
What kind of test is this?
What kind of hospital is this?
What kind of church is this?
What kind of cake is this?
Whose place is this?
What kind of salad is this?
How are you going to handle this?
Perhaps you'd better handle this.
How long have you had this?
Where did you say you got this?
Do you think Tom is ready for this?
How are you going to pay for this?
Would you mind paying for this?
Are you sure we have time for this?
There's no time for this.
I need you to fix this.
Can't we wait until tomorrow to finish this?
Are we ever going to finish this?
Look, I can explain this.
Do you know who might've done this?
Do you have any idea who might've done this?
Do you have any idea who could've done this?
Who could've done this?
Who else could've done this?
Are you sure you want to keep doing this?
How did Tom talk you into doing this?
How did you get roped into doing this?
Are you sure you want to continue doing this?
Does Tom know why you're doing this?
Does Tom know that you're doing this?
Should you really be doing this?
Are you sure we should be doing this?
Do you have any idea who could be doing this?
Someone could get hurt doing this.
Thanks very much for doing this.
I'm tired of doing this.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this.
Maybe this isn't the right time to be doing this.
This is probably not a good time to be doing this.
Maybe we're not supposed to be doing this.
How do you usually do this?
How do you normally do this?
Do you really think I can't do this?
Why do you always do this?
Are you sure you're ready to do this?
Are you sure there's no other way to do this?
Can't we wait until tomorrow to do this?
Are you sure you know how to do this?
Can any of you tell me how to do this?
Who gave you permission to do this?
How long do you plan to do this?
How long are you going to do this?
How long are we going to do this?
How long do we have to do this?
Why did you wait until the last minute to do this?
Are you going to be able to do this?
Do you really think you can do this?
Why are you making me do this?
All right, let's just do this.
Perhaps we should consider what would happen if we don't do this.
All right, let's do this.
Perhaps you'd better do this.
Maybe there's a better way to do this.
Please don't ask me to do this.
I'm starting to think we'll never be able to do this.
Please don't make me do this.
Are you sure it was my kids who did this?
Isn't it possible that Tom was the one who did this?
Do you think I did this?
Do you know what caused this?
Do you have any idea what caused this?
What could've caused this?
Do you really expect me to believe this?
Tom isn't going to believe this.
Where did you work before this?
What were you doing before this?
How long have you been at this?
Let me take a look at this.
We should've anticipated this.
How did you pay for all this?
Where did you get the money to pay for all this?
Who's responsible for all this?
What should we do with all this?
What was the purpose of all this?
What are your plans after this?
What's so funny about this?
What does Tom know about this?
How did you find out about this?
Is Tom serious about this?
What's Tom going to do about this?
What do you intend to do about this?
What do you think I should do about this?
Did you ever talk to Tom about this?
Did you know anything about this?
Why haven't you done anything about this?
It's as good a time as any to talk about this.
Is Tom really only thirty?
Tom's goal is to own a house before he's thirty.
Tom didn't know that he was adopted until he was thirteen.
What exactly do you think?
What will Tom think?
What am I supposed to think?
Tom isn't as good as he thinks.
Is that what everyone thinks?
Who cares what everyone else thinks?
You worry too much about what other people think.
Don't you care what your parents think?
What exactly are you thinking?
Is that what you've been thinking?
Does it really matter what I think?
Does it matter what I think?
What do you honestly think?
What's the matter with this thing?
Could you give me a hand with this thing?
Do you know how to use these things?
Tom and Mary like the same things.
Are you sure you're not imagining things?
Are you sure you aren't imagining things?
Are you sure we're talking about the same thing?
Do you think I'm doing the right thing?
Are we doing the right thing?
Are you sure we're doing the right thing?
Aren't you forgetting one thing?
Isn't that a good thing?
It won't cost you a thing.
Tom can't have done such a thing.
Tom can't have said such a thing.
Are you accusing Tom of being a thief?
What kind of mushrooms are they?
What am I supposed to do with these?
Do you know where I could buy another one of these?
Is it OK if I borrow these?
What kind of cookies are these?
Do you want me to take you there?
What kind of trouble was there?
Is everything all right up there?
Do you think I should go up there?
How long has Tom been up there?
Did you meet Tom there?
Why are you just standing there?
Why is Tom just standing there?
How long have you been standing there?
How long have you guys been standing there?
How long has Tom been standing there?
Tom was the only other person there.
How's it going over there?
What are they doing over there?
What's Tom doing over there?
Don't talk to that guy over there.
There's a rowboat right over there.
There's a seat over there.
Are you sure there's nobody out there?
How's the weather out there?
Can you see what's going on out there?
It's getting cold out there.
Is everyone out of there?
How long have you lived there?
What other option is there?
What other choice is there?
Is Tom actually in there?
How long were you in there?
Do you know what's going on in there?
How long has Tom been in there?
How long was Tom in there?
Why is Tom still in there?
What's so interesting in there?
How long will Tom be in there?
It's going to be hot in there.
No one's in there.
Sorry, but you can't go in there.
No one's supposed to go in there.
It's very dark in there.
Tom was ready to go as soon as I got there.
Why does Tom want to go there?
Why else would Tom go there?
Do you think Tom knows how to get there?
How long would it take us to get there?
What am I expected to do when I get there?
It'll take three hours to get there.
What do you expect to find there?
How long were you down there?
What do you think is down there?
How's it going down there?
What are you doing down there?
What was it like down there?
What were you even doing there?
There might be doctors there.
How long have they been there?
How long has that been there?
Would it have made any difference if I had been there?
Would it really have made any difference if I'd been there?
Do you remember what time we were supposed to be there?
Do you think Tom will be there?
What time should we be there?
It's quite likely that Tom won't be there.
I forgot to tell Tom I wouldn't be there.
I forgot to tell Tom I wasn't planning to be there.
No one was supposed to be there.
All your friends will be there.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be there.
It's quite likely that Tom will be there.
It's doubtful whether Tom will be there.
Wasn't that Tom back there?
How's it going back there?
Please don't make me go back there.
Everyone else is already there.
That's an interesting theory.
Do you have any other theories?
What will Tom do then?
What am I supposed to do with them?
The Jacksons invited me to have dinner with them.
Are you sure there were only three of them?
Would you mind putting these back where you got them?
Is there any chance you could help me get them?
Tom denied he had anything to do with the theft.
Tom said that he had nothing to do with the theft.
I met Tom on my way to the theater.
Tom tried to sneak into the movie theater.
Don't you remember who gave you that?
What makes you think I wrote that?
Are you familiar with that?
Do you need any help with that?
Would you like some help with that?
Do you need help with that?
What do you intend to do with that?
Are you through with that?
How am I going to compete with that?
How am I supposed to compete with that?
How can we compete with that?
Could you help me with that?
Is there anything you can do to help me with that?
Do you disagree with that?
Are you satisfied with that?
Are you almost finished with that?
Maybe I can help with that.
Are you planning on using that?
I wish I'd never told Tom that.
How did Tom react to that?
Why does everybody think that?
What could be more important than that?
What could be more fair than that?
What could be better than that?
What could be worse than that?
It's going to take more money than that.
Would you please stop that?
Thanks for sharing that.
Could you stop saying that?
Please stop saying that.
Did Tom really say that?
Do people really say that?
Why does everybody say that?
What on earth makes you say that?
Did I just say that?
Why do people always say that?
How did Tom know Mary said that?
Are you willing to risk that?
Do you want me to repeat that?
No one could've predicted that.
Could you elaborate on that?
Could you help me on that?
Let me get back to you on that.
Did you make photocopies of that?
How can you be certain of that?
Did you ever think of that?
Now why didn't I think of that?
What's the value of that?
What makes you so sure of that?
Would you mind taking care of that?
Could you take care of that?
What's the significance of that?
Do we have to get rid of that?
Thanks for taking care of that.
Thanks for noticing that.
How did Tom know he needed that?
Why would you ask me that?
How can you even ask me that?
Would you stop calling me that?
Please stop calling me that.
It was just last week that Tom told me that.
Where did Tom learn how to play the guitar like that?
Have you ever seen anything like that?
Do you honestly think I'd do something like that?
Who would do a thing like that?
Why can't you be more like that?
How did you get a nickname like that?
Would you stop looking at me like that?
How did you learn to dance like that?
Where did you learn to dance like that?
Why are you dressed like that?
It's not exactly like that.
Tom isn't the type of person who does things like that.
No one should have to suffer like that.
It's hard to believe Tom would do something like that.
It's not going to be like that.
It doesn't have to be like that.
It doesn't have to end like that.
It didn't have to end like that.
I like being treated like that.
Everybody in here already knows that.
How would I have known that?
How can you possibly know that?
What kind of car is that?
What kind of plan is that?
What kind of flute is that?
Thanks for holding that.
Tom knew Mary would ask him that.
Why can't I have that?
Are you saying you'll handle that?
Perhaps I could handle that.
Did you think that I'd forgotten that?
What was the reason for that?
How will you be paying for that?
Can you tell me how much you paid for that?
Are you prepared for that?
There's no time for that.
Please tell me how much you paid for that.
There won't be any need for that.
There's no need for that.
When's Tom coming over to fix that?
How are we going to fix that?
Would you like to explain that?
How did Tom explain that?
What makes you think I wouldn't enjoy that?
Who could've done that?
Are you having any difficulty doing that?
Would you quit doing that?
Did you ever ask Tom to stop doing that?
Could you please stop doing that?
Do you need any help doing that?
How are you planning on doing that?
Did you actually see Tom doing that?
Why's Tom still doing that?
Are you capable of doing that?
Don't you ever get tired of doing that?
Shouldn't Tom be doing that?
I made a lot of money doing that.
There'll come a day when you'll regret doing that.
Do you think Tom will actually do that?
How could you possibly do that?
How can I possibly do that?
Why did you just do that?
Could you please not do that?
Can you promise me you won't do that?
What makes you think I won't do that?
Why do you always do that?
Do you think Tom knows how to do that?
Where did Tom learn how to do that?
Would you teach me how to do that?
Can you tell me what possessed you to do that?
Did it really take three hours to do that?
Did Tom give you permission to do that?
How does Tom plan to do that?
How did you persuade Tom to do that?
How did you convince Tom to do that?
Did Tom tell you how long it took him to do that?
Who's crazy enough to do that?
Did Tom say he was going to do that?
How are you planning to do that?
When are you planning to do that?
How were you able to do that?
Do you know anyone who would be able to do that?
Are you allowed to do that?
Are we allowed to do that?
Are they supposed to do that?
How am I supposed to do that?
When am I supposed to do that?
What makes you think we need to do that?
What makes a person do that?
Are you really going to let Tom do that?
How quickly can we do that?
Why should we do that?
Can you help me do that?
Do you think you can help me do that?
What kind of person would do that?
Did you even know Tom could do that?
It's up to us to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Please promise me you won't do that.
Promise me you won't do that.
It's probably a good thing Tom didn't do that.
There's no way Tom would ever do that.
It wasn't easy to do that.
It's not going to be easy to do that.
It'd be easy to do that.
It's against the law to do that.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that.
It shouldn't be too difficult to do that.
It wouldn't be very difficult for us to do that.
It wouldn't take long for us to do that.
It would take at least three hours to do that.
It took three hours to do that.
Tom likes to do that.
I didn't ask Tom to do that.
Tom knew Mary would ask him to do that.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that.
No one's going to do that.
It wouldn't take so much time for me to do that.
There wasn't enough time to do that.
It would be a mistake to do that.
There won't be any need to do that.
I didn't think Tom would do that.
I don't think Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
How old were you when you did that?
Did Tom say he did that?
Do you really believe I did that?
It wouldn't do any good if you did that.
I know why Tom did that.
How did you determine that?
There's no denying that.
Would you please consider that?
Nothing can change that.
Do you know what Tom meant by that?
Did you ask Tom what he meant by that?
What exactly do you mean by that?
What exactly did you mean by that?
What did Tom mean by that?
Do you really expect anyone to buy that?
Do you remember the name of the store where you bought that?
Does Tom really believe that?
Why can't you believe that?
Do you really expect me to believe that?
Why should I believe that?
I'd do anything to avoid that.
Let me have a look at that.
Let me take a look at that.
Would you like to be asked that?
How can you even ask that?
It wasn't as easy as that.
Could you help arrange that?
Do I really have to answer that?
Do you really expect me to answer that?
Do you think Tom will actually do all that?
Are you sure you can handle all that?
It's not as bad as all that.
It can't be as bad as all that.
Can we afford that?
How did you manage to accomplish that?
Why not let me worry about that?
What's so funny about that?
What's Tom going to say about that?
How was I supposed to know about that?
Did Tom ever say anything to you about that?
How did you find out about that?
What's so great about that?
Were you serious about that?
What do you intend to do about that?
What am I supposed to do about that?
Did you ever talk to Tom about that?
Do you think you could talk to Tom about that?
What's unusual about that?
Do you ever think about that?
Is it possible you're wrong about that?
What makes you so sure about that?
What's so weird about that?
What's so complicated about that?
What's so fantastic about that?
No one was supposed to know about that.
We've been meaning to talk to you about that.
It might be too late to do anything about that.
Are you doing anything for Thanksgiving?
Tom didn't make any mistakes on today's test.
Tom will probably pass the test.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the test.
Is this some kind of test?
Is that a technical term?
Where would you like me to pitch the tent?
This isn't a good place to pitch a tent.
This seems like a good place to pitch a tent.
Tom injured his back playing tennis.
How well can you play tennis?
Tom doesn't play tennis.
Tom challenged me to a game of tennis.
Tom went to a fortune teller.
Would you like to improve your technique?
Can I get you a cup of tea?
Tom isn't on the volleyball team.
Where's the rest of the team?
Tom used to be the best player on our team.
Tom managed to get on the school basketball team.
Tom made the school basketball team.
Are you on the baseball team?
Is Tom on the baseball team?
Maybe we could start a team.
Would you like some herbal tea?
What classes do you teach?
Tom's phone was confiscated by the teacher.
Are you the science teacher?
Have you ever thought about becoming a teacher?
What made you decide to become a teacher?
Why did you decide to become a teacher?
What do you think of Tom's new tattoo?
That won't be an easy task.
Is there gas in the tank?
It's about three feet tall.
I think we need to have a talk.
What medications are you taking?
What classes are you taking?
What kind of medicine did you take?
How long does this usually take?
How long do you expect it to take?
How long is that going to take?
How long's this going to take?
Tom didn't take the medication his doctor told him to take.
How long would all this take?
What else did the thief take?
How long would that take?
It'll take as long as it takes.
What do you think I should take?
How long will the procedure take?
How long will the operation take?
All the parking spots were taken.
All the parking spots are taken.
All the good seats were already taken.
All the good seats are already taken.
Do you know how long it'll take?
Why is there no dinner on the table?
Could you clear off the table?
Tom set the basket on the table.
Please put that on the table.
Please put those on the table.
There's food on the table.
Tom put the bags on the kitchen table.
Did you pack your swimsuit?
Did you see anything suspicious?
Who were the other suspects?
There were only three survivors.
There were three survivors.
Where are the other survivors?
According to the chief of police, there were no survivors.
Is that really all that surprising?
That was pretty surprising.
What an unpleasant surprise!
What an unexpected surprise!
This is a nice surprise.
What an incredible surprise!
When was the last time you were really surprised?
It was a complete surprise.
It was kind of a surprise.
It was supposed to be a surprise.
Are you superstitious?
Please take off your sunglasses.
What's Tom going to do next summer?
Tom came to see me last summer.
Have a good summer.
Do you have the key to this suitcase?
There are no wheels on this suitcase.
Where would you like me to put your suitcases?
Can I help you with those suitcases?
Let me find somewhere to put these suitcases.
Would you help me with my suitcases?
Tom helped me carry my suitcases.
Did you pack your bathing suit?
Tom didn't wear a suit.
Do you know why Tom committed suicide?
What made you change your mind all of a sudden?
Perhaps we could find a substitute.
Let me change the subject.
Would you mind if I changed subjects?
Where did you get that stuff?
Tom used to be a good student.
Are you sure you turned off the stove?
The police detective didn't believe Tom's story.
It's the same old story.
It's sort of a long story.
It's kind of a long story.
I wish you would let Tom finish his story.
I wish you had let Tom finish his story.
I wish you'd let Tom finish his story.
It's an awfully good story.
There were no other customers in the store.
What did you do with all the money you stole?
Exactly how much money was stolen?
Is all this stuff stolen?
Is any of this stuff stolen?
Please remain perfectly still.
Let me help you up the steps.
What else did you steal?
It's unclear how long Tom wants us to stay.
Are you sure you don't mind if I stay?
Is there someplace else you could stay?
I ran into Tom at the station.
Tom will be waiting at the station.
Why did Tom wait until now to start?
What time did Tom say his party was going to start?
How soon would you like to start?
It's hard to know where to start.
What time does the talent show start?
Where do you think I should start?
What time does the party start?
What time does the meeting start?
What time does the first game start?
It's time for a fresh start.
This is an excellent start.
Well, why don't we get started?
How soon can we get started?
Well, should we get started?
Come on, let's get started.
Well, let's get started.
What time does the concert start?
Go ahead and start.
How are we going to get this piano up those stairs?
Tom would make a very good spy.
Tom and Mary are going to get married next spring.
Are you sure this is the right spot?
This seems like a good spot.
I know that Tom doesn't like spinach.
Are you still afraid of spiders?
That was a just figure of speech.
That was a figure of speech.
Could you be a little more specific?
What languages do you know how to speak?
Tom cleared his throat and began to speak.
There isn't a moment to spare.
Could you pass the spaghetti?
Are you sure there's no meat in this soup?
It's not as crazy as it sounds.
It's not quite as bad as it sounds.
Tom thinks he needs to lose some weight, but Mary doesn't think so.
Is it too late to say I'm sorry?
This should be over very soon.
We've got to do something about this problem soon.
My shift's over soon.
This might be over soon.
This will all be over soon.
It's going to be morning soon.
Tom should be back here soon.
Why didn't you call me sooner?
Why didn't you come to see me sooner?
What's the name of your son?
What did you name your son?
Can you teach me how to play that song?
Did you hide it somewhere?
Would you like to try some?
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Let me cook you dinner sometime.
Before you leave, can I ask you something?
Can I get your advice on something?
It looks as though Tom is waiting for something.
It's obvious Tom is waiting for someone.
It looks as though Tom is waiting for somebody.
Could you get me a club soda?
Aren't you too young to smoke?
What's that disgusting smell?
Tom slid down the slide.
When was the last time you had a good night's sleep?
Why didn't you tell me Tom was sleeping?
Tom smothered Mary to death with a pillow while she was sleeping.
It takes time to master any skill.
Have you ever gone skiing?
Have you ever tried skateboarding?
Do you think Tom can handle the situation?
Does Tom understand the situation?
How well do you sing?
What kind of songs does Tom sing?
It's really very simple.
It wasn't really that simple.
It wasn't quite that simple.
It can't be that simple.
Sometimes it's not so simple.
It's really quite simple.
It's all really quite simple.
Actually, it was quite simple.
That's quite simple.
It's really all quite simple.
This was supposed to be simple.
Tom sat on the window sill.
There was an eerie silence.
There was absolute silence.
It's actually a good sign.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Tom isn't really sick.
Who else is going to be on the show?
Was that you I heard singing in the shower?
Tom didn't take a shower.
Why is everybody shouting?
Tom doesn't study as hard as he should.
Tom carried his duffel bag on his shoulder.
That was just a warning shot.
When was the last time you had a tetanus shot?
Do you think Mary's skirt is too short?
Tom has been arrested for shoplifting.
Where did you learn to shoot?
I love those shoes.
Tom has more than thirty pairs of shoes.
The police found Tom's blood on Mary's shoes.
Tom looked down at his dirty shoes.
Where did you get that shirt?
Tom was wearing a red shirt.
Tom is the boy wearing the blue shirt.
Tom is staying in a homeless shelter.
It's on the bottom shelf.
Tom and his workers killed all the infected sheep.
Is there anything you'd like to share?
Tom is trying to get back in shape.
Should we call room service?
Maybe I can be of service.
What purpose does this serve?
What purpose would that serve?
Are you two getting serious?
Tom has been sentenced to three consecutive life sentences.
That doesn't make a lot of sense.
It doesn't make a lot of sense.
That doesn't make much sense.
It doesn't make much sense.
It's all starting to make sense.
It's all beginning to make sense.
It does kind of make sense.
Tom lacks common sense.
That just doesn't make any sense.
Tom decided to buy the car Mary was trying to sell.
What was the last play you went to see?
What was the last movie you went to see?
Who are you here to see?
There's not much to see.
There's a lot more to see.
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
How did you get past security?
Perhaps we should call security.
It was all over in a matter of seconds.
Would you excuse me for just one second?
Would you excuse me for one second?
Would you excuse us just a second?
Could you hold on for just a second?
Could you excuse us a second?
Could you excuse us for a second?
Could you hold this for a second?
Can I talk to you in private for a second?
Could you hold these for a second?
Could you come up here for a second?
Would you excuse me for a second?
Will you please excuse me for a second?
Could you hold on a second?
Would you excuse me a second?
Let me think for just a second.
Let me think for a second.
Please excuse me for a second.
All right, hold on a second.
This will only take a second.
It'll only take a second.
This should only take a second.
Could you excuse us a sec?
Could you hold this for a sec?
Would you excuse me for a sec?
Would you like to trade seats?
Would you please get out of my seat?
There's a blanket in the back seat.
Would you please have a seat?
Could you please take a seat?
How is the fishing going this season?
Why do you need a screwdriver?
I think I just heard somebody scream.
Let me show you my scrapbook.
Tell me about your school.
Do you know where Tom went to school?
Where do your children go to school?
Tom sometimes walks to school.
Tom pretended he was sick so he wouldn't have to go to school.
Didn't you go to my high school?
Did you get good grades in junior high school?
Were you two friends in high school?
Did you study hard in high school?
Tom and I have been friends since junior high school.
Tom lived three miles away from Mary when they were both in high school.
Tom and Mary became friends when they were in high school.
It's been three years since Tom graduated from high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend all through high school.
What this place needs is a good school.
Both Tom and Mary were absent from school.
I met Tom on my way home from school.
Go get ready for school.
I've known Tom since elementary school.
Were you really home schooled?
Aren't you supposed to be at school?
Are we still going to go over to Tom's after school?
Tom plays football every day after school.
Tom often plays tennis after school.
Tom invited me to his house after school.
Tom used to help his father in the store after school.
What's next on your schedule?
Were you on a tight schedule?
You seem to be on a very tight schedule.
What's next on the schedule?
Let me check the schedule.
Tom admitted he was scared.
What makes you think I'm scared?
There's no reason to be scared.
Is there anything else you want to say?
Is there anything left to say?
What are you actually trying to say?
What exactly are you going to say?
Well, don't you have anything to say?
What more is there to say?
What's it you expect me to say?
Is there anything you'd like to say?
Well, what was I supposed to say?
There isn't much left to say.
There isn't much to say.
It just seemed like the right thing to say.
That was the wrong thing to say.
That was a terrible thing to say.
That's a terrible thing to say.
That's not a very nice thing to say.
That's not a nice thing to say.
There's not much else to say.
What does the sign say?
What do you think I should say?
That's what everyone says.
Did you hear what they were saying?
I couldn't hear what they were saying.
Can you hear what Tom is saying?
Please do exactly as I say.
What's the sign over the door say?
What did the doctors say?
What did the captain say?
Tom bought himself a new saxophone.
What was the last movie you saw?
Did you go to Tom's party last Saturday?
What are you doing here on a Saturday?
Do you think Tom was being sarcastic?
Did you think I was being sarcastic?
Can I have another sandwich?
It looks exactly the same.
Everything looks exactly the same.
It's not quite the same.
It won't be quite the same.
Tom receives a very high salary.
What kind of dressing do you want on your salad?
What do you like on your salad?
What was the last thing Tom said?
Did you hear what Tom just said?
Didn't you hear what I just said?
Do you understand what I just said?
Have you thought about what I said?
Tom probably didn't really mean what he said.
Could you hear what was being said?
Did you hear what was being said?
I couldn't hear what was being said.
There's no place to run.
I think I left the water running.
Why's the engine still running?
Why is everybody running?
It's probably just a rumor.
Let's go to your room.
Go back to the waiting room.
Are you sure this is Tom's room?
Do you have the key to this room?
Was there anybody else in the room?
Was there anything else in the room?
Could you please leave the room?
Tom pushed the door open and stepped into the room.
Tom was the only other person in the room.
I saw Tom leave the room.
Are you sure this is the right room?
Do you have any idea who's in the next room?
Let me see what's going on in the next room.
Tom and Mary are in the next room.
What are you doing in my room?
Do you really need a roommate?
The police found Tom's footprint in Mary's room.
Tom has a lot of books in his room.
Go and see if Tom is in his room.
Tom is now studying in his room.
Tom has just finished cleaning his room.
Tom rushed out of his room.
Tom needs to organize his room.
Do you have an extra room?
There's a helicopter waiting for us on the roof.
It's about three kilometers up the road.
Tom isn't used to driving on the left side of the road.
Tom managed to swim across the river.
Tom's house is on the other side of the river.
Is it really worth the risk?
Why should I take the risk?
It won't be worth the risk.
It was a calculated risk.
Does Tom wear a wedding ring?
What do you think of Tom's nose ring?
Are you saying Tom was right?
Are you saying I was right?
Tom knew that Mary was right.
Tom insisted that he was right.
We're going to Tom's birthday party tomorrow, right?
You aren't leaving until tomorrow, right?
You did talk to Tom, right?
You live with your parents, right?
Are you sure this is right?
It's really pretty easy, right?
You do know what you're doing, right?
It can't be that bad, right?
Are you sure everything's all right?
Are you children all right?
Are you sure you're feeling all right?
Are you sure you're going to be all right?
Are you sure you'll be all right?
Let me handle this, all right?
This place is all right.
I'll stay with Tom until you return.
Do you ever think about retiring?
Who said anything about retiring?
What have you been doing since you retired?
Perhaps I should let you rest.
Maybe I should let you rest.
Would you please get some rest?
Go home and get some rest.
Go home and get a good night's rest.
What was the name of that restaurant?
Are you asking me to resign?
Tom decided to cancel the reservations.
What information do you require?
Is there anything else you require?
Are you refusing my request?
What information are you requesting?
Did you have time to look over the report?
Do you have a copy of that report?
Tom has already turned in his report.
Tom has just finished writing his report.
Tom has just finished his report.
It really is a good replica.
It'll take three hours to finish these repairs.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
I lent Tom some money so he could pay this month's rent.
Thanks for the reminder.
What's the last thing that you remember?
Is there anything else you remember?
It's nice to be remembered.
Are you sure this information is reliable?
Would you just try to relax?
It's not really that relaxing.
That's a tough offer to refuse.
How could I possibly refuse?
Tom made Mary an offer she couldn't refuse.
Tom demanded a refund.
Shouldn't this be in the refrigerator?
What's wrong with the refrigerator?
That's refreshing.
What would you recommend?
It's barely recognizable.
Tom has put on a lot of weight recently.
Tom has lost quite a lot of weight recently.
What happened to Tom? I haven't seen him recently.
Have you been out of the country recently?
Have you hugged anyone recently?
What could possibly be the reason?
What was the second reason?
That's not the real reason.
Is that the only reason?
That's not the only reason.
It's very simple, really.
It's all pretty simple really.
Let me know as soon as you're ready.
What was the last book you read?
Are the muffins ready?
Let me know when it's ready.
How soon can you have it ready?
Let me see if Tom is ready.
It'll take time to get everything ready.
How soon can you be ready?
How soon will you be ready?
What time should we be ready?
Are you all packed and ready?
Tom spends a lot of time reading.
How long have you had that rash?
Where were you when the doorbell rang?
It's already started to rain.
It's already started raining.
Do you have a raincoat?
Do you want to listen to the radio?
Could you turn on the radio?
Could you turn off the radio?
Who said anything about quitting?
Are you usually this quiet?
Are you normally this quiet?
Are you always this quiet?
Tom closed the door quietly.
Would the two of you please be quiet?
The teacher told Tom to be quiet.
How did you finish so quickly?
Come on, just answer the question.
I probably shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
Tom has answered all of the questions.
Tom asked the teacher some questions.
Tom asked me a lot of questions.
Why won't anybody answer my questions?
Tom won't answer any of my questions.
Tom couldn't answer any of my questions.
Would you mind if we asked you a few questions?
Would you mind if I asked you a few questions?
Can I just ask a few questions?
Let me ask you a few questions.
I bet you've got a few questions.
Could I just ask you one question?
Just answer my question.
Tom couldn't answer my question.
Tom couldn't answer the last question.
Was that a dumb question?
Let me ask you another question.
I think Tom broke the dish on purpose.
The book Tom wrote was never published.
I've never heard Tom sing in public.
What's Tom trying to prove?
What more do you have to prove?
What exactly are you proposing?
Does Tom own any other property?
Please get off my property.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to ask her to the prom.
Did you go to your high school prom?
Tom helped Mary with her science project.
Have you made any more progress?
So what's the prognosis?
It's an extremely complicated process.
What do you think's causing this problem?
Do you have any idea what's causing the problem?
What do you think's causing the problem?
What do you think caused the problem?
I think Tom will be able to solve the problem.
Tom will be able to solve the problem.
Could I talk to you in private?
May I speak with you in private?
May I have a word with you in private?
Could I have a word with you in private?
May I speak to you for a moment in private?
Is there someplace we could speak in private?
Tom and Mary value their privacy.
Could we please have a little privacy?
How long were you in prison?
Have you ever been in prison?
Go get the rest of the prisoners.
Where are the other prisoners?
It's not a high priority.
Tom complained about the high prices.
It's actually kind of pretty.
Aren't you being a little presumptuous?
Tom wanted to run for class president.
Tom was the only other person present.
Tom borrowed thirty dollars from Mary to buy John a birthday present.
It's always better to be prepared.
It was a wise precaution.
Could you please pass the potatoes?
It's theoretically possible.
It's not physically possible.
Maybe it's not possible.
Do you really think it's possible?
How is that even possible?
Maybe it's not even possible.
Do you really think it'll be possible?
That might not be possible.
That shouldn't be possible.
Please do it as soon as possible.
Please get your report to me as soon as possible.
Keep as still as possible.
I'd like to stay here for as long as possible.
I'd like to stay here as long as possible.
That's a real possibility.
Is this beef or pork?
Please get off my porch.
Who pushed you into the pool?
There's no water in the pool.
Where's the swimming pool?
Shouldn't you call the police?
Why not just call the police?
Whose idea was it to call the police?
Are you going to call the police?
Have you called the police?
I think that's rat poison.
Are you sure this isn't poison?
It's probably just food poisoning.
Have you checked your pockets?
Do I look like a plumber?
What an unexpected pleasure!
Could I have a glass of water, please?
Would you get me a glass of water, please?
Could you get me a glass of water, please?
Could I have some more water, please?
Could you get me a glass of ice water, please?
Will you excuse us, please?
Would you excuse us, please?
Could you excuse us, please?
Would you stand up, please?
Could you stand up, please?
Could you just stand up, please?
Hello. May I speak to Tom, please?
Could you give us a little time, please?
Would you mind repeating that, please?
Could you hold that, please?
Would you be quiet, please?
Would you both be quiet, please?
Could I have a napkin, please?
Could I have your name, please?
Would you pardon me one moment, please?
Could I speak to you for a moment, please?
Would you two give us a minute, please?
Would you excuse us for a minute, please?
Would you excuse me for a minute, please?
Could you sharpen this knife for me, please?
Would you excuse me, please?
Could you excuse me, please?
Would you leave, please?
Could you describe it, please?
Could you come out here, please?
Could you just sign right here, please?
Would you come over here, please?
Could I have some help, please?
Could you do me a little favor, please?
Go a little faster, please.
Could you close the door, please?
Would you let us by, please?
Could you send someone up for my bags, please?
Could I have everyone's attention, please?
Could you check that again, please?
How did you enjoy the play?
What was the name of that tune you were playing?
Tom wants to be a baseball player.
Was that part of your plan?
Why didn't you change the plan?
Why did you change the plan?
All right, here's the plan.
That's not part of the plan.
That wasn't part of the plan.
This is a really terrible plan.
There's been change of plan.
The event was very well planned.
Everything went exactly as planned.
What do you think of my plan?
That wasn't exactly my plan.
There's been a change in plan.
It wasn't really a very good plan.
It seems like a very good plan.
It seemed like such a good plan.
It seems like a good plan.
That sounds like a good plan.
It seemed like a good plan.
It does seem like an excellent plan.
Have you come up with another plan?
It wasn't really a plan.
Now what we need is a plan.
Now all we need is a plan.
It's not much of a plan.
We need to make a plan.
How did you find out about this place?
Who else knows about this place?
Who's running this place?
Did you have any trouble finding this place?
What's the name of this place?
It's time for us to leave this place.
It's time to leave this place.
Are you sure this is the place?
What's the name of the place?
Who was in second place?
Keep your money in a safe place.
This is a good hiding place.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't want to eat at a fast food place.
This is a fantastic place.
Do you want to get a pizza?
How long does it take to deliver a pizza?
Tom called me a pig.
Could I get another piece of pie?
It looks like a perfect day for a picnic.
Does it really matter which one of these I pick?
I could hear Tom playing the piano.
Well, aren't you going to answer your phone?
What's wrong with your phone?
Was that Tom on the phone?
Is Tom still on the phone?
Please get Tom Jackson on the phone.
I've always wanted a pet.
Do you recognize that person?
Are you a superstitious person?
Are we talking about the same person?
Are you sure we're talking about the same person?
Tom is an outgoing person.
Do you consider yourself to be a lucky person?
Have you ever met a famous person?
That was pretty much perfect.
Tom told Mary that everything would be perfect.
What's the matter with you people?
Do you know anything about those people?
Tom lost his favorite pen.
Excuse me, do you have a pen?
Who's this other patient?
I have no idea where Tom keeps his passport.
Are you saying you don't want Tom to come to your party?
Do you have any idea how many people are coming to tonight's party?
Can't you just be happy and enjoy the party?
Did you know anyone at the party?
Who else is going to be at the party?
Are we too late for the party?
Are you going back to the party?
Are you going to the party?
Are you going to wear a costume to the party?
Tom didn't show up at the party.
Enjoy yourself at the party.
Tom gave Mary a ride home after the party.
Everyone except Tom went to the party.
Tom wished he hadn't gone to the party.
Tom looks like he's enjoying the party.
Tom appears to be enjoying the party.
This is a private party.
How about inviting Tom to our party?
Would it be OK if I didn't invite Tom to my party?
I didn't think Tom would show up at Mary's party.
Tom baked three dozen cookies for Mary's party.
Tom didn't invite Mary to his party.
Tom was afraid that no one would come to his party.
Tom told Mary why he couldn't go to her party.
It's going to be a great party.
Have you ever been to a costume party?
I doubt if Tom will come to my birthday party.
Tom wants you to come to his birthday party.
Tom will be going to Mary's birthday party.
How was the bachelor party?
Tom auditioned for the part.
When did you write that last part?
The Jacksons love to have parties.
Did you really see Tom in the park?
Did you see anybody else in the park?
Tom is waiting for us in the park.
Go take a walk in the park.
When was the last time you went to an amusement park?
Do you think you're smarter than your parents?
Do you still live with your parents?
How tall are your parents?
Tom seldom writes to his parents.
Aren't you being a little paranoid?
Now you're being paranoid.
Did you finish your paper?
Do you still have yesterday's paper?
Do you have any wrapping paper?
There's no reason for panic.
Did the doctor give you anything for the pain?
How long have you had the pain?
This should relieve the pain.
The Jacksons had their house painted.
Do you think you're the only one in pain?
It's obviously very painful.
Do you think that plants feel pain?
Do you expect me to believe you did this on your own?
Can't you do anything on your own?
Are you sure you can manage on your own?
Would you rather be on your own?
Do you want me to take over?
Perhaps I should take over.
Let me know when it's over.
Do you need time to think it over?
Tom asked me to think it over.
This meeting isn't over.
I'll be glad when this is over.
Tom's autopsy revealed that he died from an overdose.
Are you sure it's all over?
It's not going to work out.
Do you think anyone was here while we were out?
Is that the only way out?
That door's the only way out.
There's no other way out.
There seems to be no way out.
This should be thrown out.
How did you figure all this out?
Would you mind waiting outside?
There are a lot of people waiting outside.
There's a cab waiting outside.
Can you wait outside?
Would you rather wait outside?
Take that stuff outside.
Can I see you a second outside?
What's the weather like outside?
Tom got a note from Mary asking him to meet her outside.
What are the police doing outside?
Who locked the dog outside?
Has the fire been put out?
Maybe you can help me out.
Why are all the lights out?
We still have some details to iron out.
There are some details to iron out.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to ask her out.
Tom stopped the car and got out.
This fire has just gone out.
How long have you been going out?
How long have you two been going out?
Why did the lights go out?
Are you trying to get out?
Well, what did you find out?
How are they going to find out?
How is Tom going to find out?
Do you want me to see what I can find out?
Well, let's go find out.
See what you can find out.
Let me see what I can find out.
What are you trying to figure out?
What time are you checking out?
How do you think the fire broke out?
It's too late for us to back out.
How did you figure this all out?
How will we protect ourselves?
Do you two already know each other?
Don't you know each other?
How did you get to know each other?
When did Tom and Mary start going out with each other?
When will we see each other?
Tom and Mary apologized to each other.
Tom and Mary are related to each other.
Tom saw Mary and John flirting with each other.
This might be the last time we ever see each other.
Tom and Mary understand each other.
Tom and Mary need each other.
Tom didn't want to go back to the orphanage.
Everything is in perfect working order.
Have you already decided what you're going to order?
Do you always obey orders?
There are only three options.
We only have three options.
There are three options.
Are there any other options?
There are a couple of options.
There are always options.
There's no better option.
Thanks again for the opportunity.
This is your last opportunity.
It seemed like a good opportunity.
Who asked for your opinion?
Is that your professional opinion?
Is that a personal opinion?
Do you by any chance like opera?
Is the bank still open?
The back door is open.
Tom pushed the gate open.
Do you have a letter opener?
Where's the bottle opener?
Did you hear the door open?
Why leave the door open?
Why did you leave the door open?
Someone left the door open.
Tom went out and left the door open.
All the other windows are open.
What else are you working on?
What medication is Tom on?
Tom didn't have shoes on.
What floor is your office on?
All right, let's move on.
You left your headlights on.
Do you think Tom knows what's going on?
Would somebody please tell me what's going on?
Would someone mind telling me what's going on?
All right, what's going on?
Excuse me, what's going on?
So what's been going on?
Do you have any idea what's been going on?
Why is this still going on?
There was a lot going on.
Everybody knew exactly what was going on.
It's hard to figure out what's going on.
Give me a few minutes and I'll find out what's going on.
It's unlikely Tom understands what's going on.
What's the matter with this one?
What was wrong with the old one?
Are you sure Tom needs another one?
When's the power going back on?
The light came back on.
It's what we agreed on.
Just let me do the talking, OK?
Look, I'm really sorry, OK?
We'll talk about this later, OK?
Just let me handle it, OK?
Can you make sure that Tom is OK?
It's really going to be OK.
Let me look at this again, OK?
Tom comes from the state of Ohio.
Who does that remind you of?
Tom doesn't play tennis very often.
When I was in Boston, I'd play tennis with Tom quite often.
What else are you going to get rid of?
What are you accusing me of?
What do you think this is made of?
What do you suppose this is made of?
Tom isn't used to being made fun of.
Would you like me to turn the TV off?
Will you stop showing off?
What are you frightened of?
If you're not watching the TV, turn it off.
Is Tom still hanging around the office?
I had lunch with Tom at a restaurant near the office.
Tom and I work in the same office.
How long have you been a police officer?
Did you see anybody go into my office?
Perhaps we should talk in my office.
Please come to the main office.
Go and see if Tom is in his office.
Why did the alarm go off?
Have you considered my offer?
That's a very generous offer.
Tom started taking his clothes off.
It's already taken care of.
It's been taken care of.
Was that what you were afraid of?
What do I have to be afraid of?
Who should I be afraid of?
Tom and Mary left Boston at the end of October.
Tom and I are getting married in October.
Tom and Mary are going to get hitched in October.
Tom likes to dress up on special occasions.
It's so painfully obvious.
Are you sure this is the right number?
What's your license plate number?
What's Tom's office number?
Do you still have my number?
Why should I trust you now?
OK, I'll stop worrying now.
Tom has been sick in bed for a week now.
What use is it to us now?
What good is a boat going to do us now?
Do you want to speak to Tom now?
It's up to Tom now.
I wonder what Tom is up to now.
Do we have to talk about this now?
Do we really need to decide this now?
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this now.
It's too late for that now.
It's probably not a good idea to do that now.
Tom is working at a supermarket now.
What's the situation now?
Tom is studying in his room now.
Please leave the room now.
Do we need to decide this right now?
Do you have any idea where Tom is right now?
Are you on any medication right now?
What's going on right now?
What are you working on right now?
Do you really have to call Tom right now?
Aren't we supposed to be helping Tom right now?
What are you thinking right now?
Are you guys doing anything right now?
Do you have a girlfriend right now?
Tom says he isn't going to answer any more questions right now.
I have no idea who has your car right now.
Everything will be all right now.
I have no idea what we should be doing right now.
There are more important things we should be doing right now.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing anything right now.
Everyone needs to leave right now.
That doesn't really seem appropriate right now.
Tom is going through a rough time right now.
It's just not a good time right now.
I'm really scared right now.
Does that mean you're ready now?
Is Tom really a psychiatrist now?
What are your plans now?
Everybody hates each other now.
What projects are you working on now?
Everything's going to be OK now.
What are you afraid of now?
It's too late to change your mind now.
I wish Tom were here with me now.
What does that matter now?
What difference does that make now?
Would you mind leaving now?
Do you think I'd leave now?
It's impossible to change it now.
Don't you have any idea where Tom is now?
Do you have any idea where Tom is now?
Is it OK for me to come in now?
Does Tom have to do his homework now?
I'm doing my homework now.
Are you ready to go home now?
Do you have to go home now?
Does that mean I can go home now?
What are you doing here now?
Where are you guys heading now?
Does this mean I can go now?
Do you have a girlfriend now?
Do you know what I'm doing now?
What do you feel like doing now?
I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing now.
What do you expect us to do now?
What do they plan to do now?
What does Tom plan to do now?
What are you planning to do now?
What are we supposed to do now?
What does Tom do now?
What'll we do now?
What do you propose we do now?
Well, what should we do now?
What do you think we should do now?
What do you think I should do now?
Why should it be any different now?
Why are things different now?
It doesn't make much difference now.
All right, I'm in charge now.
I'm in charge now.
I'm the one in charge now.
It may be too late to make any changes now.
Shouldn't Tom be back by now?
Shouldn't Tom be here by now?
Shouldn't the pizza be here by now?
Aren't you supposed to be gone by now?
It should be working by now.
Are you living in Boston now?
Are you feeling better now?
I feel so much better now.
Look, I'm going to bed now.
Why would Tom come back now?
What are we looking at now?
What are you two arguing about now?
Do you mind if I ask why not?
Would you mind if I ask why not?
Well, do you want me to fix it or not?
Are we going to do this or not?
Are you going to help me with this or not?
Look, are you going to help or not?
Have you already decided whether you want to go or not?
Have you decided whether you want to go or not?
Are you going to go talk to Tom or not?
Do you trust me or not?
Do you want to help me or not?
So are you going to help me or not?
Are you coming with me or not?
I don't know if Tom is coming or not.
What symptoms have you noticed?
When did you get this note?
Why didn't you leave me a note?
How could I possibly say no?
Why couldn't you just say no?
It looks like everything's back to normal.
What's that horrible noise?
The engine is making a funny noise.
Are you going to go to Tom's concert tomorrow night?
What are you doing tomorrow night?
What are you guys doing tomorrow night?
What time is the game tomorrow night?
Why not spend the night?
Did you see anybody else in the park that night?
Have you thought about what we talked about the other night?
Where were you Monday night?
Where were you last Monday night?
What are you doing for dinner Monday night?
What are you doing Monday night?
What else would I do on a Monday night?
This is going to be a long night.
Did you have fun at the party last night?
Did Tom call you last night?
By the way, where were you last night?
Where were you guys last night?
Didn't you enjoy dinner last night?
How did things go last night?
Did you see anyone else other than Tom last night?
Were you working last night?
Were you up late working last night?
What were you doing up so late last night?
Were any of you here last night?
What exactly went on here last night?
What time did you get home last night?
Tom wrote this letter last night.
I had a date with Tom last night.
Tom and I both had the same dream last night.
This package was delivered last night.
This is an important night.
It was a very cold night.
Have you guys been up all night?
Have you been out here all night?
Tom said he was going to stay up all night.
That would've been very nice.
Why are you being so nice?
This place is quite nice.
Why can't you just be nice?
Tom didn't know what to say next.
Who do you think is going to get married next?
What do you think we should do next?
So what's the good news?
I have some good news.
Tom learned about Mary's death on the evening news.
I know what's making Tom so nervous.
Have you finally lost your nerve?
This is a very bad neighborhood.
This is a bad neighborhood.
It was a very delicate negotiation.
What kind of information do you need?
I know exactly what you need.
How much money do you think Tom needs?
Tom said he'll help me get what I need.
Tom said he'll help me get everything I need.
Did you get the information you needed?
Were you able to get everything you needed?
Were you able to get any of the information we needed?
It's nice to feel needed.
Do you really think that's necessary?
That's not really necessary.
That isn't really necessary.
That's no longer necessary.
It's no longer necessary.
Do you really think it's necessary?
That probably isn't necessary.
Do whatever you think is necessary.
That may not be necessary.
That might not be necessary.
That'll no longer be necessary.
Are you sure this is absolutely necessary?
Do you recognize any of these names?
That's not his real name.
That's a very pretty name.
That's a really nice name.
What was your mother's name?
Tom didn't even mention Mary's name.
What was the young man's name?
Do you know how to spell Tom's last name?
Is that your first name or your last name?
Tom said he couldn't remember that guy's name.
What was your father's name?
It'll take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
Do you mind if I help myself?
Don't you think I can handle myself?
Perhaps it would be better if I went by myself.
Tom has always wanted to be a professional musician.
I know that Tom likes classical music.
Tom told Mary that she should visit the museum.
Can you account for your whereabouts on the night of the murder?
Tom has been arrested and charged with Mary's murder.
This job doesn't pay very much.
This is really too much.
Does Tom always talk this much?
It's really not that much.
It's worth three times that much.
Why does Tom cry so much?
Why do Tom and Mary fight so much?
Why do you hate Canadians so much?
Why do you hate Boston so much?
I wish you didn't hang out with Tom so much.
Tom and I never really liked each other much.
Tom never really liked me much.
Does it hurt much?
Could I borrow your lawn mower?
Tom told me that he enjoyed the movie.
What was the name of that movie?
That was a pretty good movie.
Tom felt the train begin to move.
So what's the next move?
Tom had a cigar in his mouth.
Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?
Tom has three cars and a motorcycle.
It'll take us three, maybe four weeks at the most.
Where were you yesterday morning?
It'll be delivered tomorrow morning.
What were you looking for this morning?
How did you get to work this morning?
How're you all doing this morning?
Were you here this morning?
Guess what I saw this morning.
Tom was looking for you this morning.
You forgot to take the trash out this morning.
I wish I hadn't skipped breakfast this morning.
I saw Tom at the supermarket this morning.
I met Tom on my way to school this morning.
Tom came to school late this morning.
It's almost 2:in the morning.
Tom gets up early every morning.
Tom takes his dog for a walk every morning.
Tom makes his own bed every morning.
Tom has been grouchy all morning.
It'll take all afternoon and maybe more.
Please don't ask me anything more.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay all his bills this month.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
Tom has promised to pay back the money he owes by the end of the month.
Where have you been for the past three months?
It could take weeks, even months.
Tom and Mary will get married next month.
Tom was in Boston all last month.
Tom told me that Mary got married last month.
Did you just call me a monkey?
Where's the rest of your money?
Tom counted the money.
Did you win a lot of money?
Would you like to make more money?
All Tom cares about is money.
Tom counted his money.
Are you sure we have enough money?
How often do you borrow money?
Tom doesn't play basketball on Mondays.
Do you still want to go to the zoo on Monday?
Tom is going to Boston on Monday.
Tom didn't show up for work on Monday.
Tom said he would leave on Monday.
The basketball team doesn't practice on Monday.
Tom suggested that the meeting be postponed until next Monday.
Tom and Mary flew to Boston last Monday.
Tom hasn't been here since last Monday.
Are we really going to do this every Monday?
I'll never forget this moment.
I don't want to forget this moment.
It's only a theory at the moment.
Would you excuse me just one moment?
Will you excuse us for one moment?
Would you two excuse me one moment?
Can I speak to you a moment?
Would you mind waiting here just a moment?
Can I interrupt you for a moment?
Can we speak to you for a moment?
May I speak to you for a moment?
May I speak with you for a moment?
May I see you for a moment?
Could you excuse us for a moment?
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Would you both excuse me a moment?
Please excuse us a moment.
This will only take a moment.
This'll only take a moment.
Have you ever thought about modeling?
There might've been a mix-up.
Are you sure there wasn't some kind of misunderstanding?
It was really just a misunderstanding.
I'm sure it was just a misunderstanding.
According to Tom, there was a misunderstanding.
It was a simple mistake.
It was obviously some kind of mistake.
It was an innocent mistake.
Doing that would be a huge mistake.
Was it an honest mistake?
It was a genuine mistake.
Tom may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Is there any chance this is a mistake?
How long will it take before Tom realizes he's made a mistake?
It was probably a mistake.
It was very likely just a mistake.
There's obviously been a mistake.
Tom is likely to make a mistake.
Obviously I made a mistake.
Tom doesn't like looking in the mirror.
I think that would only take about three minutes.
That would take about three minutes.
It'll only take three minutes.
That should take about thirty minutes.
That shouldn't take more than thirty minutes.
It'll only take a couple of minutes.
It should only take a couple of minutes.
It'll just take a few more minutes.
It should only take a couple more minutes.
Come back in five minutes.
Tom will be here in five minutes.
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a few minutes?
It shouldn't take more than a few minutes.
We just have a few minutes.
That should only take me a few minutes.
It'll only take a few minutes.
This might take a few minutes.
It'll take a few minutes.
It could take a few minutes.
I'll just be a couple minutes.
My babysitter canceled at the last minute.
Will you please just wait a minute?
Could you excuse us a minute?
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?
May I talk to you for a minute?
Could you just help me out for a minute?
Will you excuse me for a minute?
Could you excuse me for a minute?
Would you like to come inside for a minute?
Would you stick around for a minute?
Would you hold on a minute?
Could you hold on a minute?
Would you mind waiting a minute?
Let me talk to you for a minute.
Let me call you back in a minute.
This will only take a minute.
This'll only take a minute.
Tom's bedroom is cleaner than mine.
Tom's car is a lot older than mine.
Tom's car is three years older than mine.
Tom's car is older than mine.
Tom is also a friend of mine.
Have you completely lost your mind?
Are you completely out of your mind?
What could've changed Tom's mind?
Have you all lost your minds?
Have you both lost your minds?
Is it too late to change my mind?
Maybe I'm losing my mind.
Look, I've changed my mind.
What exactly have you got in mind?
What kind of changes do you have in mind?
Do you think Tom will change his mind?
How was I to know Tom would change his mind?
Maybe Tom will change his mind.
Let me see if Tom has changed his mind.
Tom asked Mary if she had drunk all the milk.
Do you want some milk?
Do you have any chocolate milk?
It's about three square miles.
Tom always goes to bed before midnight.
Tom hardly ever goes to bed before midnight.
It's well after midnight.
Tom bought himself a microscope.
Why were you angry with me?
Have you been totally honest with me?
Are you breaking up with me?
Would you go to the prom with me?
Are you sure you won't come with me?
Are you sure you can't come with me?
Would you please come with me?
What do you think I should take with me?
Please don't be upset with me.
Thanks very much for staying with me.
Perhaps you'd better come with me.
Are there any girls here you haven't yet met?
My French hasn't gotten any better since the last time we met.
Do you think I should tell Tom what you just told me?
I'll tell you what Tom told me.
Was that all you wanted to say to me?
Was there something you wanted to say to me?
Would you mind reading it to me?
Could you explain that to me?
Could you hand that to me?
Can anyone explain this to me?
Aren't you even going to listen to me?
What makes you think Tom will listen to me?
Why are you not listening to me?
Is anyone listening to me?
Do you think that Tom lied to me?
It would mean a lot to me.
No one ever listens to me.
Please just listen to me.
It matters a great deal to me.
Tom has always been very good to me.
Aren't you going to thank me?
Isn't anyone going to thank me?
What makes you think you're better than me?
Tom didn't want to tell us how he and Mary had met.
Is there anything you'd like to tell me?
Was that all you wanted to tell me?
Why does that not surprise me?
Do you think you're going to be able to stop me?
Don't try and stop me.
It was a private message.
Would you care to leave a message?
What more can you show me?
Are you going to shoot me?
Why did you come to see me?
Is that why you came to see me?
It was just three weeks ago that Tom came to see me.
Tom told me he was glad to see me.
Was that supposed to scare me?
Thank you for reminding me.
Are you trying to poison me?
I called Tom to apologize to him, but he hung up on me.
Tom asked me if I had any cash on me.
Please take your hands off me.
Would you please let go of me?
Are you trying to get rid of me?
Please don't make fun of me.
Please don't be afraid of me.
Do you recognize any of those men?
Let me know when you need me.
What's your earliest memory?
Tom said he wanted to marry me.
Are you saying you love me?
Are you even listening to me?
Are you going to leave me?
Aren't you going to kiss me?
Is it warm in here or is it just me?
Aren't you going to join me?
Are you willing to join me?
Would you like to join me?
How can you possibly help me?
Excuse me, can you help me?
Can one of you help me?
Why are you trying to help me?
Perhaps you could help me.
Do you think Tom didn't hear me?
Do you need anything else from me?
Please don't run away from me.
Do you think Tom will ever forgive me?
Do you think this is easy for me?
Do you think it was easy for me?
Why didn't you wait for me?
Can you please do this for me?
Can one of you open the door for me?
Could you open this jar for me?
Is there room in your car for me?
Would you have waited for me?
This coat is the perfect size for me.
What on earth makes you think you can fool me?
Did you think you could fool me?
Would you please stop following me?
Have you been following me?
Please don't try to find me.
Where did you two meet?
Where was the meeting?
Was it your idea to postpone the meeting?
Tom will definitely be at the meeting.
There's a good chance that Tom won't be at the meeting.
Everybody's talking about what happened at the meeting.
Tom doesn't need to attend the meeting.
This is a private meeting.
It's time to set up a meeting.
Tom has a hard time making ends meet.
Are you taking any other medications?
Are you allergic to any medications?
Are you on any medications?
Is Tom on any medications?
Are you on some kind of medication?
Are you currently taking any medication?
Do you have any idea how much this cost me?
How much is that going to cost me?
What did you just call me?
Please quit bothering me.
You're bothering me.
Are you saying that you don't believe me?
How did you get here before me?
Have you been avoiding me?
Why are you yelling at me?
Please stop looking at me.
Please don't be mad at me.
Is that what you came to ask me?
What was it you wanted to ask me?
Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Are you going to arrest me?
Are the police going to arrest me?
What exactly is that supposed to mean?
What was that supposed to mean?
What's all that supposed to mean?
What's this supposed to mean?
What do these symbols mean?
Do you have any idea what this means?
Do you have any idea what that means?
What do you suppose that means?
What's Tom got against me?
Has Tom ever talked to you about me?
Were you concerned about me?
Do you know anything about this matter?
What seems to be the matter?
It was a private matter.
This is a personal matter.
This isn't a joking matter.
Tom may have had a fight with Mary.
Tom wished he was with Mary.
Tom left about three hours ago with Mary.
Tom went to elementary school with Mary.
Tom is convinced that something is wrong with Mary.
Tom was convinced that something was wrong with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go swimming with Mary.
Tom's parents were very impressed with Mary.
Tom knew that he couldn't trust Mary.
Tom was sitting on the couch next to Mary.
Tom wrote his number on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom took an envelope out of his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote a lot of letters to Mary.
Tom said he was going to write a letter to Mary.
Tom handed the map to Mary.
Tom didn't apologize to Mary.
Tom leaned forward and spoke to Mary.
Tom didn't even send a postcard to Mary.
I think Tom is more intelligent than Mary.
Tom is thirty pounds heavier than Mary.
Tom pulled out a pistol and shot Mary.
Tom was obviously happy to see Mary.
Tom was obviously pleased to see Mary.
Tom didn't even see Mary.
Why is Tom so afraid of Mary?
Maybe Tom didn't notice Mary.
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?
I've asked Tom to go to the bus stop to meet Mary.
There's no way Tom would ever marry Mary.
Tom said he wanted to marry Mary.
Why didn't you tell me Tom doesn't like Mary?
I know that Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom said he wished I was more like Mary.
Tom pretended he didn't know Mary.
Tom wished he hadn't mentioned that he knew Mary.
I wish I'd never told Tom that I knew Mary.
The girl Tom is talking with is Mary.
Did you actually see Tom hitting Mary?
Tom didn't even offer to help Mary.
What kind of flowers should we get Mary?
Tom looked at the ring John gave Mary.
Tom lives a few blocks away from Mary.
What kind of flowers should we get for Mary?
Tom forgot to buy a present for Mary.
I saw Tom while I was waiting for Mary.
Why's Tom mad at Mary?
Tom doesn't have as many friends as Mary.
Tom knew that he couldn't speak French as well as Mary.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary.
Tom left about three minutes after Mary.
All Tom wants to do is talk about Mary.
How long were you married?
Is it true you got married?
What's so great about getting married?
What's so bad about getting married?
Do you think you'll ever get married?
Do you think Tom is ever going to get married?
I always thought that Tom and Mary would get married.
How long have you two been married?
How long have we been married?
This place isn't on the map.
Do you sell road maps?
Tom is the son of a very rich man.
Why are you dressed like an old man?
Tom is a very lucky man.
Tom is an extraordinary man.
Are you sure you can manage?
What caused the malfunction?
Exactly how much money do you make?
What kind of deal did you make?
Don't you have a speech to make?
That's my decision to make.
It's an easy mistake to make.
What possible difference could that make?
Do you know how much Tom makes?
It's a mistake that many people make.
It's very unlikely Tom knows how to play mahjong.
I know what Tom did to make you mad.
Tom didn't seem mad.
Tom is going to be really mad.
What difference would that've made?
When was this decision made?
Tom punished his son for lying.
Tom started yelling at the top of his lungs.
The left front tire looks low.
When did you two fall in love?
Tom thinks he'll probably never fall in love.
Tom is the only man I've ever really loved.
Tom is the only guy I've ever loved.
Tom doesn't study a lot.
I bet you miss Tom a lot.
Tom likes his job a lot.
Just as Tom predicted, our team lost.
What makes you think I'm lost?
Tom found the watch he'd lost.
Exactly how much money did you lose?
Do you really think we're going to lose?
There isn't a moment to lose.
What makes you think I'd lose?
Maybe there's a loophole.
This suitcase isn't as heavy as it looks.
It's not as easy as it looks.
It tastes as good as it looks.
It's more difficult than it looks.
It's more dangerous than it looks.
This suitcase is heavier than it looks.
It's riskier than it looks.
It's actually harder than it looks.
Where do we start looking?
How long have you been looking?
Well, let's have a look.
Has Tom been waiting long?
This shouldn't take very long.
This is taking way too long.
This shouldn't take long.
What's taking everybody so long?
Why have you been away so long?
Why is Tom making us wait so long?
Thanks for waiting so long.
Have you known each other long?
Is Tom going to be staying here long?
I wouldn't mind waiting just a little while longer.
This could take a while longer.
Are you going to be much longer?
It can't last much longer.
It shouldn't take much longer.
Couldn't we wait a little longer?
Could we wait a little longer?
I should've stayed a little longer.
Are you sure you don't want to stick around a little bit longer?
Shouldn't we wait a bit longer?
Tom said that he couldn't wait any longer.
Tom didn't want to wait any longer.
What's the best cure for loneliness?
Who has the key to this lock?
Who has keys to this lock?
The front door is locked.
Make sure the door is locked.
Why is this door locked?
Why was the door locked?
Why is this door always locked?
What is your present location?
Please wait in the lobby.
That gun is probably not loaded.
Actually, the gun isn't loaded.
Are you telling me you don't know where Tom lives?
Did you find out where Tom lives?
Tom's office is three miles from where he lives.
Where do you really live?
How did you find out where I live?
How long do horses live?
Where does your family live?
How did you know where I lived?
My father gave it to me when I was little.
Would you slow down a little?
This might hurt a little.
This medicine should help a little.
Who's first on your list?
Take my name off the list.
Let me have the list.
It's not such a long list.
Everyone pretended not to listen.
I got off the bus at the end of the line.
This is the end of the line.
I couldn't help noticing that you seem to be limping.
What kind of guy do you like?
What kind of men do you like?
Do you see anything you like?
Who cares what the food tastes like?
It's just what it looks like.
Do you remember what your attacker looked like?
What did the other guy look like?
What did the guy look like?
What does this look like?
What did Tom Jackson look like?
What did those men look like?
What did the room look like?
What's Tom look like?
What does the place look like?
I don't see Tom as often as I'd like.
What does that feel like?
It's compact and lightweight.
Would it help if I turned on the light?
Did you flash your lights?
What's the matter with the lights?
Would you mind if I turned off the lights?
Would anyone mind if I turned on some lights?
Why aren't there any lights?
There's plenty of light.
Can you give me a lift?
It was the happiest day of my life.
I think I've just made the biggest mistake of my life.
I didn't think Tom had a driver's license.
Would you mind taking this book back to the library?
I ran into Tom at the library.
Tom met Mary in front of the library.
Tom can't have written this letter.
Tom showed me the letter.
Did you ever show Tom that letter?
Why didn't Tom answer Mary's letters?
I intend to write Tom a letter.
There's just one chair left.
What do you charge for guitar lessons?
What do you charge for lessons?
How did you lose your leg?
Just look at those legs.
Tom slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
This may not even be legal.
A lot has changed around here since you've left.
Perhaps it would be best if you left.
We still have half a bottle of wine left.
Isn't it about time we left?
Is there any hot water left?
Do you want to know why Tom left?
It's been almost a week since Tom left.
There's very little time left.
There were only three left.
Do we have any sugar left?
There's plenty of stuff left.
There aren't any options left.
Have you been in touch with Tom since he left?
How many pills do you have left?
What choices do I have left?
Tom didn't even know that Mary had left.
There's only a little bit left.
There's hardly anything left.
Are you sure everyone's already left?
Everyone has already left.
Tom tells me that you're leaving.
Did Tom say why he was leaving?
Did you ask Tom why he was leaving?
Tom didn't tell Mary he was leaving.
Have you ever thought of leaving?
No one's going to make us leave.
Are you just going to let Tom leave?
Why would Tom want Mary to leave?
What time do you want to leave?
Why would Tom want to leave?
Why didn't you ask Tom to leave?
Why did you ask Tom to leave?
Does this mean I have to leave?
Why should I have to leave?
Are you asking me to leave?
Tom and Mary were among the last to leave.
Tom told Mary he didn't want her to leave.
Are you sure you don't mind if I leave?
What time does the next bus leave?
I guess I'd better leave.
Actually, it's very easy to learn.
Did you just call me lazy?
Why did you become a lawyer?
Tom used to be a lawyer.
Is that against the law?
It's not against the law.
Tom is hanging up the laundry.
Everyone in the room laughed.
Why doesn't Tom ever work late?
Are they paying you extra to work late?
Maybe Tom had to work late.
How do you know we're not too late?
Maybe it's not too late.
It's still not too late.
By the time Tom realized what was happening, it was too late.
It may already be too late.
It may still not be too late.
What are you guys doing up so late?
What are you doing here so late?
What're you doing here so late?
It's not like Tom to be so late.
Would you mind if we talked about this later?
Would you mind if we discussed this later?
Perhaps we can discuss this later.
Perhaps we should discuss this later.
Perhaps we'll have more time to talk later.
Do you still want to see a movie later?
Perhaps we can get a cup of coffee later.
Perhaps we'll see you both later.
Would you like us to come back later?
Maybe I'll come back later.
Maybe you could come back later.
It really is quite late.
It's getting pretty late.
It's kind of late.
It's getting kind of late.
I'm a few minutes late.
I'll be a few minutes late.
What's the matter with you lately?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you looked in a mirror lately?
What have you done for me lately?
Please excuse me for being late.
Did Tom tell you that he'd be late?
I told Tom that we'd probably be late.
I bet Tom will be late.
It would've been nice if Tom had told us he'd be late.
Tom was afraid he'd be late.
How long do you think the party will last?
How long do you think the meeting will last?
How long is this going to last?
How long is the meeting going to last?
Where were you and Tom the night before last?
Please get off my land.
Does Tom know you know?
How much French do you know?
If we need any help, I'll let you know.
Let me know as soon as you know.
It's not brain surgery, you know.
You're not supposed to do that, you know.
You don't have to do this, you know.
What more is there to know?
Did you find out what you wanted to know?
Why did you think I didn't need to know?
What more do I need to know?
Tom has already told me what I wanted to know.
What does it matter who knows?
How could you possibly know?
Tom is the smartest guy I know.
Tom is one of the nicest guys I know.
Is there anything you don't know?
Tom cut the rope with his knife.
Tom went down to the kitchen.
You left the light on in the kitchen.
There's a phone in the kitchen.
Bring me the first aid kit.
Have you two been kissing?
Is that a weapon of some kind?
Tom weighs at least kilograms.
How many people were killed?
Three hostages were killed.
How old were you when your father was killed?
Do you realize you could've been killed?
Who's the strongest kid?
Who's watching the kids?
Thanks for taking care of the kids.
This would be such a great place to raise kids.
This would be a good place to raise kids.
Who do you think you're kidding?
Do I look like I'm kidding?
Tom lived on Park Street when he was a kid.
Tom has been collecting stamps since he was a kid.
My father gave it to me when I was a kid.
My parents died when I was a kid.
Have you seen my car keys?
Can I borrow your car keys?
Why would I take your car keys?
Here, use my key.
Would you like some fruit juice?
Tom is the only one who laughs at Mary's jokes.
Is this some sort of joke?
Is that supposed to be a joke?
It wasn't meant as a joke.
It was just supposed to be a joke.
Tom told Mary why she shouldn't go out with John.
My name isn't Tom. It's John.
My name's not Tom. It's John.
I talked to Tom and Mary while I was waiting for John.
Tom asked Mary to help him find John.
Tom, this is Mary's brother John.
I don't think Tom is as good-looking as John.
I don't think Tom is as handsome as John.
Can you tell me more about your job?
Are you quitting your job?
How long have you been doing this job?
How long have you had this job?
Tom said he couldn't accept the job.
Tom didn't apply for the job.
I wonder why Tom turned down that job.
Tom has found a good teaching job.
Tom found a good teaching job.
Tom isn't used to his new job.
Why did you leave your last job?
Did they offer you a job?
Do you know anyone who needs a job?
Why aren't you looking for a job?
Why are you looking for a job?
Tom spent all day looking for a job.
Tom sounded slightly jealous.
How did you end up in jail?
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in jail.
There are many innocent men in jail.
The horse that won the race is owned by Tom Jackson.
The man you met yesterday was Tom Jackson.
I'd like to speak to Tom Jackson.
Have you met the Jacksons?
Why didn't Tom take off his jacket?
What's the matter with it?
What do you intend to do with it?
What are we supposed to do with it?
Would you have time to help me with it?
That was pretty interesting, wasn't it?
That was very interesting, wasn't it?
That was a great movie, wasn't it?
What kind of car was it?
That wasn't too much, was it?
That wasn't very convincing, was it?
That wasn't accurate, was it?
Have you ever tried using it?
Let me show you how to use it.
Everyone's looking forward to it.
If Tom had had something to throw, he'd have thrown it.
Do you think I should take it?
Do the police have any idea who stole it?
Someone might try to steal it.
Have you ever actually seen it?
Are we ever going to see it?
When was the last time you saw it?
There'll come a day when you'll regret it.
Did you bother to read it?
Did you really expect Tom to read it?
There's no need to prove it.
Tom went to the window and opened it.
Aren't you going to open it?
Would you like me to hold onto it?
Tom handed Mary a piece of paper with his address written on it.
So why can't you take care of it?
Would you like me to take care of it?
Tom told Mary he didn't like her scarf, so she got rid of it.
Do you think you're going to need it?
Of course, I don't need it.
If we hurry, we can still make it.
It's almost too easy, isn't it?
It's all right now, isn't it?
Well, that's what you want, isn't it?
It's a good plan, isn't it?
It's all a little confusing, isn't it?
It's very impressive, isn't it?
It's almost too good to be true, isn't it?
It's pretty romantic, isn't it?
What kind of sandwich is it?
What kind of medicine is it?
What kind of place is it?
It's not easy being a parent, is it?
That's not entirely true, is it?
Was I supposed to just ignore it?
Did you see where Tom hid it?
It's been quite a day, hasn't it?
Did you find out who has it?
What if Tom can't handle it?
Are you sure you can handle it?
Are you sure Tom can handle it?
All right, let's just forget it.
I don't know what Tom paid for it.
If I had wanted it, I would've asked for it.
Are you saying you can't fix it?
Do you think you can fix it?
Are you saying you can fix it?
Why didn't Tom find it?
Are you going to help me find it?
Let me see if I can find it.
What's the point of fighting it?
Who else might've done it?
Is it possible Tom could've done it?
Everybody else is doing it.
It really doesn't matter, does it?
It doesn't make any sense, does it?
It doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
Are you sure Tom didn't do it?
Are you sure this is the best way to do it?
What's the best way to do it?
How did you get Tom to do it?
Did Tom say how he was able to do it?
How am I supposed to do it?
Are you sure you can do it?
Are you sure Tom can do it?
What makes you think I can do it?
Are you saying that you don't think I can do it?
Did you actually see Tom do it?
Do you think I should do it?
Tom said he couldn't do it.
Tom insisted that he didn't do it.
It seemed like the only way to do it.
You seem to know how to do it.
Tom probably didn't mean to do it.
Please don't make me do it.
Do you think Tom really did it?
Did you find out who did it?
How did you figure out Tom was the one who did it?
Did anybody ask Tom why he did it?
Did you ask Tom why he did it?
Did Tom say how he did it?
That didn't go very well, did it?
I'm pretty sure that's not why Tom did it.
That's not why Tom did it.
I know that Tom did it.
How would you describe it?
Tom went to the window and closed it.
What could be causing it?
It can't really be that easy, can it?
It can't be that easy, can it?
Did Tom tell you where he bought it?
Did you take a look at it?
Do you really think we can afford it?
How did Tom even know about it?
Well, what do you plan to do about it?
What do you plan to do about it?
What am I going to do about it?
What do you intend to do about it?
Is there anything you can do about it?
What can we do about it?
Did you complain about it?
Have you talked to Tom about it?
Do you ever think about it?
What does Tom think about it?
Are you ready to talk about it?
Would you like to talk about it?
No one's supposed to know about it.
Tom probably didn't even know about it.
You seem to know a lot about it.
Tom knew there was nothing he could do about it.
Make sure we ask Tom about it.
I'm not supposed to talk about it.
Everyone's been talking about it.
Can any of you tell me where Tom is?
Do you have any idea where Tom is?
Do you know how old Tom is?
Are you sure you don't know what this is?
Don't you understand how important this is?
Do you understand how serious this is?
Do you have any idea how serious this is?
Do you know what kind of flower this is?
Do you know where the key to this is?
What do you suppose this is?
What do you figure this is?
Do you know what kind of tree this is?
Do you even know what that is?
Do you know where the supermarket is?
Do you know what this stuff is?
Do you have any idea what that guy's name is?
What did you say your brother's name is?
Do you know where the money is?
Do you know what the speed limit is?
Isn't that the way it is?
Are you telling me you don't know where it is?
It's really not as hard to do as you think it is.
Tom's girlfriend is a lot younger than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is quite a bit younger than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is three years younger than he is.
Tom's new girlfriend is much younger than he is.
Where do you think everyone else is?
Do you know what color Tom's car is?
What department are you in?
What kind of business are you in?
Tom opened the door and I went in.
There's no other way in.
Why wasn't Tom invited?
Why wasn't I invited?
What am I getting myself into?
What kind of trouble is Tom in?
What kind of business was Tom in?
It wasn't a job interview.
Tom was our interpreter.
It's really not very interesting.
Actually, it was very interesting.
That was very interesting.
It's really not that interesting.
It's actually kind of interesting.
Was that supposed to be interesting?
Did Tom tell you anything interesting?
Did you see anything interesting?
Was that intended as an insult?
It was truly inspirational.
It's warmer in the house. Let's go inside.
This door is locked from inside.
Are you ready to come inside?
Are you sure you don't want to come inside?
Please come back inside.
Spiders aren't insects.
Have you gone completely insane?
Do you really think Tom is innocent?
Do you really think Tom could be innocent?
Is somebody going to let me in?
If Tom's not careful, he's going to get injured.
Please feel free to join in.
Tom is the guy that Mary is interested in.
Tom is one of the guys that Mary is interested in.
Do you think we ought to go in?
If you don't have this key, you won't be able to get in.
According to Tom's doctors, his condition is incurable.
This place is incredible.
It really is an inconvenience.
Do you mind if we come in?
Tom lives in the house he was born in.
It's hard to know exactly what to believe in.
Are you sure this is the room we're supposed to be in?
Keep your door locked and don't let anyone in.
There's some room for improvement.
It's really quite impressive.
Tom seemed very impressed.
It's difficult but not impossible.
Do you really think it's impossible?
It's not very important.
It's very, very important.
What could possibly be that important?
What, may I ask, is so important?
It's really not important.
Do you really think it's important?
Why is alternative energy important?
What exactly are you implying?
Tom needs to get to the hospital immediately.
It's almost impossible to imagine.
It could just be an illusion.
This is definitely illegal.
Do you think I'm some kind of idiot?
I never had a chance, did I?
I'm not sure if Tom will like this idea.
That's not such a terrible idea.
Tom has a lot of original ideas.
It seemed like such a simple idea.
That's a very intriguing idea.
Don't you think it's a good idea?
Does anyone here think that's a good idea?
Are you sure that's a good idea?
This may not be a very good idea.
This might not be a very good idea.
Maybe it's not a good idea.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Maybe that's not such a good idea.
Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
This wasn't such a good idea.
This may not be such a good idea.
This might not be such a good idea.
Listen, I have a good idea.
This may not be a good idea.
This might not be a good idea.
That sounds like a fine idea.
Are you sure this is such a bright idea?
Doing that would be a very bad idea.
It's definitely a bad idea.
This is probably a bad idea.
That's probably not a bad idea.
Actually, it's not a bad idea.
That's not such a bad idea.
Do you want some ice?
It was only a hypothesis.
Have you ever been hypnotized?
Tom told everyone that he was Mary's husband.
Are you sure this isn't going to hurt?
How long has your throat been hurting?
Someone could get hurt.
Why exactly were you in such a hurry?
Where are they going in such a hurry?
Where are you going in such a hurry?
Are you sure Tom is a bounty hunter?
I'm not that hungry.
Are you sure you're not hungry?
Are you saying I have no sense of humor?
Does Tom have a sense of humor?
Where exactly is your house?
How far are we from your house?
There are now three cars parked in front of your house.
Are you absolutely sure this is Tom's house?
Do you still have a key to the house?
Why did Tom let you in the house?
Who else was in the house?
Are you sure you were the only one in the house?
Were there any other people in the house?
Come on, let's go back to the house.
Tom was about to leave the house.
The sound is coming from inside the house.
Does Tom have a summer house?
I told Tom how to get to our house.
This is a very nice house.
Have you seen Tom's new house?
How soon can you get to my house?
Tom's car is parked in front of Mary's house.
Tom lives in a large house.
Tom asked his mother if he could spend the night at John's house.
Tom wants somebody to help him paint his house.
Tom hired Mary to clean his house.
I think Tom should sell his house.
Tom lives in a brown house.
What have you been doing for the last three hours?
What's been going on here for the last three hours?
It'll take approximately three hours.
It'll take at least three hours.
It'll be here within three hours.
It shouldn't take more than three hours.
My shift's over in a couple of hours.
What are you doing for the next few hours?
Could you spare a few hours?
It'll be dark in a few hours.
That'll take a couple hours.
Is there any chance you could be ready in an hour?
This should only take about an hour.
It's really not that hot.
It's definitely getting hotter.
Call me as soon as you get to your hotel.
Would you mind taking me back to my hotel?
Tom checked in at the Hilton Hotel.
They killed three more hostages.
Are you being held hostage?
Is Tom still in the hospital?
Let me take you to the hospital.
Tom and Mary are both in the hospital.
Tom works at a local hospital.
Perhaps we should get you to a hospital.
Mr. Jackson gave us some homework.
The problem is that Tom doesn't always do his homework.
Tom wants you to help him do his homework.
Tom said he would do his homework.
It took Tom several hours to finish his homework.
It took Tom almost three hours to finish his homework.
Tom finished his homework.
I ran into Tom on my way home.
Tom missed the last train and had to take a taxi home.
Would you like me to give you a ride home?
Tom couldn't find anyone to give him a ride home.
Thanks for driving me home.
Tom was kind enough to drive me home.
Tom didn't offer to drive Mary home.
Did Tom drive himself home?
Tom wanted to finish cleaning the house before Mary got home.
Tom went to bed as soon as he got home.
Almost everyone has already gone home.
Everyone else has gone home.
Could you all please just go home?
Tom said that it was time to go home.
How are you getting home?
Wake me up when you get home.
It took Tom almost three hours to get home.
Let's talk about this when we get home.
Why wouldn't Tom want to come home?
When are you going to come home?
How often does Tom come home?
Tom says he won't let you come home.
Are your parents going to be home?
Do you want to go back home?
Are you moving back home?
How's everything back home?
Are you sure you're ready to come back home?
How did you persuade Tom to come back home?
Let me take you back home.
Do you know whether or not Tom is at home?
Tom doesn't have much money with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the zoo with him.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't want to go with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with him.
Tom talked Mary into going to Boston with him.
Tom thinks I'm in love with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom asked Mary to go to the opera with him.
Do you know why Tom killed himself?
Are you sure Tom can do it by himself?
Are you sure Tom can handle it by himself?
Do you think Tom is strong enough to lift that by himself?
Tom managed to carry both suitcases by himself.
Tom said he would do his homework by himself.
Tom didn't mind living by himself.
I wish Tom would behave himself.
Tom might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see him.
Tom's heart stopped, but the doctors managed to revive him.
Tom was married to Mary when I first met him.
Tom was wearing a black hat when I first met him.
I think Tom will ask you to marry him.
Tom loves Mary and she loves him.
I wish I'd never told Tom that I loved him.
Tom asked me if I would mind helping him.
Tom wants somebody to help him.
I know that Tom expects me to help him.
Tom paid for his lunch with the money his mother had given him.
Tom shot a bear with the rifle his father gave him.
Tom's parents live three miles from him.
Tom hoped that Mary would forgive him.
Tom ate the salad that Mary made for him.
What could Tom possibly have to hide?
There's no need to hide.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to go to Boston with her.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom advised Mary to take better care of herself.
Tom asked Mary to behave herself.
Tom wished he hadn't told Mary he loved her.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he loved her.
Mary didn't even let Tom kiss her.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to help her.
Tom promised Mary that he would help her.
No one knows you're here.
How did you know I'd follow you here?
It's good to have you here.
Why are you working here?
How long have you worked here?
Excuse me, do you work here?
Have you ever spent the winter here?
What would you do if I weren't here?
Who else knew you were here?
Do you ever wonder why we're here?
Does anyone know we're here?
Do you think Tom knew Mary was here?
Don't you want to know why Tom was here?
When was the last time Tom was here?
Did Tom say why he was here?
Do you think Tom knew I was here?
Would you mind if we waited here?
Why is Tom making us wait here?
How long do we have to wait here?
How long should I wait here?
There are just the two of us here.
What are you doing up here?
There's no buried treasure here.
It's kind of close to here.
Perhaps we shouldn't be talking about this here.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this here.
Could you not do that here?
How long have you been a teacher here?
How long are we going to be stuck here?
Why don't we just stay here?
Don't you think we'd better stay here?
How long am I supposed to stay here?
Can't you see I'm in the middle of something here?
There's usually someone here.
There are some sandwiches here.
There's no more room here.
Would you sign right here?
I'll wait right here.
It should be right here.
Why are there still people here?
Is everything all right out here?
How long have you been out here?
How long have you two been out here?
What are you guys doing out here?
What are you boys doing out here?
What are you two doing out here?
What exactly is going on here?
What in the world is going on here?
Would you tell me what's going on here?
Can somebody please tell me what's going on here?
All right, what's going on here?
What's the fastest way out of here?
Is there another way out of here?
Is there any other way out of here?
There seems to be no way out of here.
Let's get you out of here.
All right, let's get out of here.
Come on, let's get out of here.
Everyone needs to get out of here.
Please get me out of here.
There's obviously nobody here.
Did you spend the night here?
It's kind of nice here.
How long ago did you move here?
Why have you brought me here?
Why did you bring me here?
Someone's meeting me here.
Thanks for meeting me here.
Please don't leave me here.
Do you like living here?
How can you stand living here?
Did I leave my keys here?
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't like it here.
Do you know what the speed limit is here?
Why is everybody in here?
Why is it so dark in here?
Can you come back in here?
What are you guys doing in here?
What are you two doing in here?
What are you both doing in here?
How's everyone doing in here?
Why's it so cold in here?
It's very dusty in here.
It's creepy in here.
It's getting hot in here.
It smells like a toilet in here.
It's like an oven in here.
It's depressing in here.
It's freezing cold in here.
It's getting cold in here.
No one's allowed in here.
Who wouldn't be happy here?
Do you think you'll be happy here?
It's doubtful that anything will grow here.
I was sleeping when Tom got here.
Tom has done nothing but complain ever since he got here.
Let's go as soon as Tom gets here.
We'll leave when Tom gets here.
How did these drugs get here?
When was Tom supposed to get here?
How did Tom's umbrella get here?
It'll take Tom a couple of hours to get here.
We'll begin the meeting when Tom gets here.
How far is it into town from here?
It's at least three hundred miles from here.
It's not easy to get there from here.
It's about a quarter mile from here.
What's it we're waiting for here?
Are you all finished here?
What do you expect to find here?
What are you expecting to find here?
Tom is finally here.
There's no one else here.
Is there anything to drink here?
How did you get down here?
How long have you been down here?
What was Tom doing down here?
What are you really doing here?
What are all these kids doing here?
What's Tom even doing here?
What are they still doing here?
What are you guys still doing here?
What are all these people still doing here?
What are you both doing here?
Does Tom know what you're doing here?
What exactly do you do here?
What are you trying to do here?
What are we supposed to do here?
There's work to do here.
What's the point of coming here?
What made you decide to come here?
It was a mistake to come here.
You weren't supposed to come here.
According to this map, there used to be a church here.
Are your wife and children here?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
When was the last time Tom came here?
Do you know why I came here?
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Tom hadn't been here?
Tom has never been here.
It would've been nice if Tom had been here.
Are you saying I shouldn't be here?
How long are you going to be here?
Are you supposed to be here?
How did you know we'd be here?
What time did Tom say he'd be here?
How did you know I'd be here?
I forgot Tom was going to be here.
No one is supposed to be here.
What brings you back here?
What's going on back here?
What's Tom doing back here?
When are you coming back here?
Do you think you'll ever come back here?
Do you really think Tom will come back here?
What do you do for fun around here?
What's really going on around here?
What time do restaurants close around here?
It's awfully noisy at night around here.
It's pretty quiet around here.
Thanks so much for all your help.
Listen, we need your help.
Thanks so much for your help.
Maybe therapy would help.
How are we going to do this without Tom's help?
Perhaps we shouldn't be trying to do this without Tom's help.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this without Tom's help.
Isn't there anything we can do to help?
Is there anything that I can do to help?
Is there anything we could do to help?
How did you get Tom to help?
Were you able to convince Tom to help?
Can't you see I'm trying to help?
Can't we do anything to help?
Why did you agree to help?
Who am I supposed to help?
It might be a good idea to ask Tom to help.
I've asked Tom to help.
Do any of you want some help?
Maybe we should get some help.
Maybe I could be of some help.
Look, I really need some help.
Do you really think you can do that without our help?
Tom said he didn't need our help.
Perhaps Tom needs help.
Maybe Tom needs help.
Do any of you need help?
Why didn't you just ask for my help?
Are you asking for my help?
Are you sure you don't need my help?
Tom managed to put out the fire with Mary's help.
This isn't really helping.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary he'd help.
I think that would be very helpful.
That would be very helpful.
Is Tom always this helpful?
Is Tom always so helpful?
I think that would be extremely helpful.
That would be extremely helpful.
Was that you yelling for help?
Wouldn't it be easier if Tom helped?
How did you manage to do that without any help?
Do you really think you can do that without any help?
Are you going to be able to do this without any help?
Do you think we'll be able to do this without any help?
Do you think Tom really did this without any help?
Do you expect me to believe you did this without any help?
Are you sure you don't want any help?
Are you sure Tom didn't have any help?
Are you sure you don't need any help?
What makes you think I need any help?
Did you ask Tom to come over and help?
Tom is really good-looking, isn't he?
Tom doesn't like apples, does he?
Tom did the right thing, didn't he?
Tom seemed very tired, didn't he?
Tom didn't play tennis, did he?
Tom didn't pass the exam, did he?
Things got a bit hectic.
It's really not that heavy.
These suitcases are really heavy.
These suitcases are kind of heavy.
These suitcases are heavy.
Is that what you wanted to hear?
That was really nice to hear.
Tom didn't believe what he heard.
Tom spoke very quietly, but loud enough to be heard.
Put your hands on your head.
Did Tom say which way he'd be heading?
Is this the best you have?
What kind of car do you have?
What kind of training do you have?
How much free time do you have?
What kind of insurance do you have?
What kind of trouble did you have?
What color hair does Tom have?
Did Tom say anything he shouldn't have?
What other reason could I have?
This is the only pair of shoes I have.
This is the only tie I have.
Where did you get the hat?
The keys are on the dresser next to my hat.
I can't find my hat.
Tom doesn't think he's smart enough to get into Harvard.
Tom must've practiced very hard.
That shouldn't be too hard.
This shouldn't be this hard.
Come on, it's not that hard.
This shouldn't be so hard.
Tom asked me why I worked so hard.
Did you expect something different to happen?
What could possibly cause that to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that's not going to happen?
Did Tom explain to you what's going to happen?
I was half expecting this to happen.
It's not unusual for this kind of thing to happen.
That really wasn't supposed to happen.
I didn't think that was supposed to happen.
Maybe Tom doesn't care about what happens.
It never occurred to me that this might happen.
Did you actually see it happen?
It took Tom a moment to realize what was happening.
There's not any chance of that happening.
What did Tom say about what happened?
Did Tom ever say anything to you about what happened?
Did Tom say anything to you about what happened?
Are you sure you don't remember what happened?
Can any of you tell me what happened?
My advice to you is to forget about what happened.
I wish I'd never told Tom about what happened.
Tom laughed when I told him about what happened.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
I think I can explain what happened.
That's not exactly how it happened.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out about what had happened.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything about what had happened.
Tom said he knew nothing about what had happened.
Tom was questioned by the police about what had happened.
This is going to come in very handy.
This should come in very handy.
How did you cut your hand?
How did you hurt your hand?
The police found gunshot residue on Tom's hands.
Would you say I was handsome?
Tom isn't very handsome.
Do you really think Tom is handsome?
Tom thinks he's handsome.
Could you use an extra pair of hands?
Tom bandaged Mary's hand.
Tom has three fingers missing on his left hand.
Tom didn't want Mary to hold his hand.
Tom allowed Mary to hold his hand.
Would you lend me a hand?
Could you hand me the hammer?
You don't, by any chance, know where I can find a hammer?
Would you order me a hamburger?
Both Mary and Alice have very long hair.
Tom's was the only phone number Mary had.
It's hard to break a habit.
Do you recognize that guy?
What's the matter with you guys?
What's wrong with you guys?
Tom is a very intelligent guy.
Tom is a very creative guy.
Tom is a creative guy.
Have you ever shot a gun?
Why are you carrying a gun?
Do you still have a gun?
What did you do with your old guitar?
Tom traded his old computer for a guitar.
Maybe Tom is guilty.
Tom once worked as a tour guide.
What Tom needs is guidance.
Who are the other guests?
There's a money-back guarantee.
Are you part of this group?
Did you just call me an old grouch?
I burned my arm on the grill.
It was actually really great.
Tom was brought up by his grandparents.
Tom and Mary named their first daughter after Tom's grandmother.
Do you have grandchildren?
Tom needs to improve his grades.
Tom has been in love with Mary since the seventh grade.
Why doesn't Tom just let us go?
Have you already decided where you're going to go?
Where else do I have to go?
Would you like me to go?
Do you have someplace to go?
Is that where you intend to go?
Where's Tom supposed to go?
Let me see if Tom is ready to go.
You can't force me to go.
Let me show you what I've got.
What's Tom got that I haven't got?
Where do you think we should go?
My eyesight isn't very good.
My French isn't that good.
Do you think this milk is still good?
This pizza is really good.
This is actually quite good.
This pizza is really quite good.
It won't do you much good.
Do you really think this looks good?
Well, aren't you going to kiss Tom goodbye?
Would you say I was good-looking?
Tom didn't even notice that Mary was gone.
Does Tom have any idea where Mary might've gone?
Do you know where Tom might've gone?
Do you have any idea where Tom might've gone?
If I hadn't wanted to be there, I wouldn't have gone.
Nobody knows where Tom has gone.
How long have they been gone?
How long do you think Tom will be gone?
How long do you think you'll be gone?
How well do you play golf?
Can you teach me how to play golf?
All right, people, let's go.
How did your meeting with your lawyer go?
Where on earth do you think you're going?
Where do you two think you're going?
Why can't you watch where you're going?
Where exactly are you going?
Could you at least tell me where we're going?
Do you have any idea where we're going?
Where exactly are we going?
Exactly where are we going?
Did Tom say where he was going?
Where's the next train going?
How's your summer going?
Were you able to talk Tom out of going?
I couldn't talk Tom out of going.
How are the negotiations going?
Do you still want know why I'm going?
All right, let's get going.
I guess I'll be going.
Perhaps I should be going.
Where did the other girls go?
Where did the other girl go?
Do you know any place we can go?
I guess I'd better go.
Where do the batteries go?
How did your doctor's appointment go?
Put on your gloves.
Do you have a magnifying glass?
Can I borrow your glasses?
Could you remove your glasses?
Do we have enough glasses?
Do you recognize that girl?
Are you really Tom's girlfriend?
Tom has only had one girlfriend.
Tom has only ever had one girlfriend.
Tom seems to have a new girlfriend.
Tom told Mary that he had a new girlfriend.
Tom asked Mary to pretend to be his girlfriend.
Have you ever had a girlfriend?
Tom's parents think Tom is still too young to have a girlfriend.
Are you sure it was a ghost?
What does the winner get?
How hot is it going to get?
How cold is it going to get?
What do you think you're going to get?
That shouldn't be too hard to get.
How hot will it get?
How cold will it get?
Tom hid the gun under a bunch of oily rags in his garage.
All Tom does is play video games.
How much time do you spend playing games?
You should quit gambling.
Are you afraid of the future?
What's something you plan to do in the near future?
Why should Tom have all the fun?
Come on, let's have some fun.
Wasn't that a lot of fun?
That looks like a lot of fun.
This should be a lot of fun.
It's actually kind of fun.
This is no longer funny.
This really isn't funny.
Is this supposed to be funny?
That doesn't sound like much fun.
Everybody seems to be having fun.
What exactly do you do for fun?
What do you two do for fun?
Was that supposed to be fun?
It's not supposed to be fun.
There's a BMW parked out front.
Where's all the money coming from?
Where did the painting come from?
Do you have any idea where that came from?
What are you running away from?
Tom and Mary mailed wedding invitations to all of their friends.
Tom has lots of friends.
Does Tom have many friends?
Tom is taller than any of his friends.
How long have we been friends?
I told Tom I just want to be friends.
Everyone here is friendly.
Tom isn't my boyfriend. He's just a friend.
There's more beer in the fridge.
Would you like to improve your French?
How well do you understand French?
Can Tom understand French?
Tom wished he could understand French.
Tom convinced Mary to start studying French.
Tom thought Mary was wasting her time studying French.
I study French.
How long have you studied French?
Did you know Tom is pretty good at speaking French?
How well do you speak French?
Are you sure Tom can speak French?
Tom didn't tell Mary he couldn't speak French.
You're not the only one here who can't speak French.
I had no idea Tom knew how to speak French.
It's very important for our employees to be able to speak French.
Tom is the only person I personally know who can speak French.
What are some things I can do to improve my French?
Does Tom talk to you in French?
I think that song sounds better in French.
I didn't think Tom knew any French.
Tom says that he's willing to make you one for free.
These are very fragile.
Where was the knife found?
Who do you really work for?
What company do you work for?
Who exactly do you work for?
What department do you work for?
What newspaper do you work for?
Which airline do you work for?
What are you whispering for?
What are they waiting for?
What were you waiting for?
Well, what are you waiting for?
Well then, what are we waiting for?
Well, what are we waiting for?
What's it we're waiting for?
This is what I've been waiting for.
It's what I've been waiting for.
Who are you going to vote for?
What's in this box could be worth a fortune.
What did you need this for?
What do we need this for?
What are you standing there for?
What are you looking at me like that for?
What are you stopping for?
What does the T stand for?
What do we need shovels for?
What am I responsible for?
What are those pills for?
Please fill out these forms.
What did Tom use the money for?
What are you yelling at me for?
What are you mad at me for?
What are you talking to me for?
What kind of an idiot do you take me for?
There's no need to be so formal.
Who were they looking for?
What were you looking for?
Well, what are you looking for?
What kind of shoes are you looking for?
What on earth are you looking for?
What was Tom looking for?
Were you able to find what you were looking for?
Can I help you find what you're looking for?
What I'm supposed to be looking for?
Is there anything we should be looking for?
What exactly am I looking for?
Tom has found what he's been looking for.
What are we listening for?
What are all those lights for?
What do you think it's for?
What are you going to use it for?
What do you think this is for?
It's not really what I was hoping for.
What did you call me in here for?
What are you shaking your head for?
What does Tom need a gun for?
What are the flowers for?
What are we fighting for?
This could take forever.
What do you need a doctor for?
What's the champagne for?
Is Tom being properly cared for?
Did you get what you asked for?
Do you have what I asked for?
Here's what you asked for.
Is that really too much to ask for?
What more could we ask for?
What more could I ask for?
What am I being arrested for?
What are you people sitting around for?
What's Tom hanging around for?
What are you standing around for?
What are you all standing around for?
What are we standing around for?
What are you following me around for?
What are you apologizing for?
Who do you think you're fooling?
This plan is fool-proof.
How long can we last without food?
How long can we go without food?
What's wrong with the food?
Should I order you some food?
Would you care for some food?
How often do you eat junk food?
Tom says he's gotten used to eating hospital food.
Are you sure we have enough food?
Make sure we're not being followed.
Make sure you aren't being followed.
It might've been Tom who sent you these flowers.
Tom didn't water the flowers.
Why did Tom send Mary flowers?
These are beautiful flowers.
My office is on the third floor.
Why is that on the floor?
Tom pointed at the coin on the floor.
There's blood on the floor.
It's not that long a flight.
Why is that light flashing?
Is there anything you can't fix?
Tom hit the wall with his fist.
Dolphins aren't fish.
I never do anything without asking Tom first.
We need to let the paint dry first.
Go out and get some more firewood.
Could you go get some wood for the fire?
Did Tom say why he was fired?
That's why Tom was fired.
Are you trying to get me fired?
If Tom messes up again, he's going to get fired.
I think I'm going to get fired.
Please allow me to finish.
Please be quiet and let me finish.
How soon can you have the report finished?
It's still not finished.
When will the repair be finished?
This is going to work out fine.
What exactly did you find?
Let me know what you find.
Just what do you expect to find?
What exactly are we trying to find?
Tom is studying hard for his finals.
Maybe Tom is afraid to fight.
It's time to stop fighting.
Would the two of you quit fighting?
Have you two been fighting?
Are you two having a fight?
It wasn't really a fight.
It wasn't much of a fight.
It took three hours for us to paint the fence.
Look, I know how you feel.
Tom didn't even seem to realize he'd hurt Mary's feelings.
Do I look as bad as I feel?
Can I ask a small personal favor?
Could you do me one favor?
It might not have been Tom's fault.
It might not be Tom's fault.
Why can't you be more like your father?
Tom is almost as old as my father.
How were you able to find Tom so fast?
It's actually kind of fascinating.
What have you found out so far?
You've done a good job so far.
Tom isn't a huge football fan.
Would you rather be rich or famous?
How often do you visit your family?
Where's the rest of your family?
You seem to know a lot about Tom and his family.
That name sounds familiar.
Why does that name sound familiar?
Why does that man look so familiar?
What makes you so sure it's not a fake?
What makes you think it's a fake?
Perhaps it's a fake.
Maybe it's a fake.
They blamed Tom for the failure.
What caused the power failure?
Have you ever been punched in the face?
Tom leaned back and closed his eyes.
There was a loud explosion.
There's no time for explanations.
What's the most logical explanation?
It's the only logical explanation.
There's a better explanation.
It's not easy to explain.
It's very difficult to explain.
It'll be very difficult to explain.
It wouldn't take all that long to explain.
It'll take too long to explain.
It would take too long to explain.
Please give me a minute to explain.
It's impossible to explain.
Tom didn't give Mary a chance to explain.
Tom didn't even give Mary a chance to explain.
Actually, it's hard to explain.
It's kind of hard to explain.
It was a terrific experience.
It was a remarkable experience.
It just got too expensive.
It's really not that expensive.
There'll be a lot of expenses.
What else could we expect?
Do you understand what's expected?
Tom did even better than we expected.
This might take a lot more time than we expected.
This may take more time than we expected.
Did you understand what was expected?
That took much longer than I expected.
That cost a lot more than I expected.
There are several exits.
Do you get enough exercise?
Have you been getting enough exercise?
When will the prisoners be executed?
I'm sick of your excuses.
It's really kind of exciting.
What did you mean by that exactly?
What is it that you saw exactly?
What does that mean exactly?
What's that mean exactly?
What is Tom's job exactly?
What business are you in exactly?
What are you looking for exactly?
What are we looking for exactly?
What are you asking us to do exactly?
Didn't you know that Tom was an ex-con?
There was broken glass everywhere.
They made Tom tell them everything.
Why shouldn't we take everything?
There's a reason for everything.
This could change everything.
There's plenty for everyone.
Thanks for calling everyone.
What's the matter with everybody?
Why is this so important to everybody?
Have you met everybody?
This is the best party ever.
Everybody dies eventually.
It was a wonderful evening.
Have you made plans for dinner this evening?
Would you have dinner with me this evening?
Tom is coming to dinner this evening.
Tom and Mary are planning on going to a movie together on Friday evening.
Tom eats out almost every evening.
There's still time to evacuate.
Tom inherited his uncle's estate.
Were you trying to escape?
How did you manage to escape?
Tom tried to distract the police so Mary could escape.
There's a back entrance.
Are you sure you're going to be warm enough?
Maybe that's not enough.
Tom hasn't been eating enough.
Is three hundred dollars enough?
That should've been enough.
Are you sure one bottle of wine is going to be enough?
Do you think three hours will be enough?
Tom wants to be an electrical engineer.
Why do you have so many enemies?
It's time for this to end.
Do you remember how this movie ends?
It's kind of an emergency.
It's kind of embarrassing.
Perhaps you should go elsewhere.
Perhaps we could talk about this somewhere else.
Perhaps you should go somewhere else.
Could we please talk about something else?
Was Tom carrying anything else?
Did you see anything else?
Did you find anything else?
Let me know if you find anything else.
Have you been dating anyone else?
Tom is smarter than anyone else.
What's wrong with the elevator?
Water conducts electricity.
Why does water conduct electricity?
Does water conduct electricity?
Would you care to elaborate?
That's not going to work either.
Tom joined the army when he was eighteen.
What else did you eat?
Are you sure you got enough to eat?
What did Tom say he wanted to eat?
Tom stopped talking and began to eat.
Tom and the others are already eating.
Wasn't that a little too easy?
This is almost too easy.
It might not be that easy.
That might not be so easy.
It hasn't always been easy.
It couldn't have been easy.
This should be easy.
Tom isn't the kind of person who loses his temper easily.
Does it ever get easier?
That doesn't make it any easier.
That felt like an earthquake.
Where's your other earring?
Tom makes it a rule to get up early.
Tom goes to bed early and gets up early.
What are you doing back so early?
What are you doing home so early?
Aren't you a little early?
Tom must've left early.
Tom was tired, so he went to bed early.
My mother has never seen me drunk.
Never argue with a drunk.
Tom and Mary took turns driving.
Tom and Mary took turns with the driving.
Can Tom drive?
Would you like me to drive?
Tom didn't want to drive.
Tom asked me if I would like to drive.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the drive.
Who's the better driver?
Did I put too much rum in your drink?
How often do you drink?
What else did you drink?
Is Tom old enough to drink?
Haven't you had too much to drink?
Would it be possible for me to get something to drink?
Would you get me something to drink?
Is this water OK to drink?
Why don't I get us some drinks?
Let me get us some more drinks.
I don't drink carbonated drinks.
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
Are you sure I can't get you another drink?
Let me get you another drink.
Aren't you going to offer me a drink?
Come on, let's get a drink.
Come on, let's go get a drink.
What's wrong with the way I dress?
Have you been having bad dreams?
Are you sure it wasn't just a dream?
Tom rummaged through the drawer.
What else is in that drawer?
Did you go through my drawers?
Well, what else could you do?
What precisely did you do?
What's the fastest way to get downtown?
Are you writing this down?
Tom came back downstairs.
Things have slowed down.
Would you please slow down?
All right, let's settle down.
How did you track me down?
Perhaps you should lie down.
Maybe you should lie down.
The party is dying down.
The fire is dying down.
Why not break the door down?
Things have calmed down.
Could you please calm down?
Tom was the one who told Mary that her house had burned down.
Maybe Tom's car broke down.
Is there anything you don't know how to do?
What are they asking you to do?
Are you sure this is what you want to do?
Well, what do you want to do?
What do you think Tom ought to do?
What do you think we ought to do?
Have you figured out what to do?
Do you remember what to do?
Well, what did you expect us to do?
What did you expect us to do?
What exactly are you asking us to do?
What exactly do you plan to do?
What did you expect Tom to do?
What are you expecting Tom to do?
What were you trying to do?
What exactly are you trying to do?
What do you think I'm trying to do?
What's it you're trying to do?
What else are they going to do?
What exactly are you going to do?
What do you think I'm going to do?
What on earth are we going to do?
What do you think you're going to do?
What's the first thing you're going to do?
Well, what am I going to do?
What else am I going to do?
Are you sure that's the best thing to do?
Is this the right thing to do?
What do you think is the right thing to do?
What's the right thing to do?
What else do we have to do?
Isn't that what you're supposed to do?
What else is there to do?
Is this what you want me to do?
Well, what do you want me to do?
What more do you want me to do?
What exactly do you expect me to do?
What are you asking me to do?
What is it you're asking me to do?
Was there anything else you wanted me to do?
What exactly do you need me to do?
Is there anything you need me to do?
What did Tom say he wanted to do?
What's that supposed to do?
What was Tom supposed to do?
What's Tom supposed to do?
What's that thing supposed to do?
What else were we supposed to do?
Are you sure you did everything you were supposed to do?
Well, what was I supposed to do?
What else am I supposed to do?
What else do we need to do?
Is that what you've decided to do?
What was the last really difficult thing you had to do?
Was that really something we had to do?
Just do what I ask you to do.
Tom has finally accomplished what he set out to do.
I wonder what Tom will want to do.
That wouldn't be too difficult to do.
There's still so much left to do.
We have so much left to do.
Tom admitted he didn't know what to do.
It's unlikely Tom will know what to do.
I want to get Tom to tell us what to do.
Tom said he wasn't sure what to do.
It wouldn't be all that difficult for us to do what Tom wants us to do.
It's on my list of things to do.
Tom knew that he couldn't do what Mary was asking him to do.
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom said he wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
There's still so much to do.
We have so much to do.
There's just too much to do.
Tom tried to tell Mary what he was planning to do.
That was a very risky thing to do.
That was a risky thing to do.
That's a risky thing to do.
It's just the right thing to do.
It just seems like the right thing to do.
It seems like the right thing to do.
It seems like the obvious thing to do.
It seemed like the only rational thing to do.
That was a very brave thing to do.
It was a terrible thing to do.
That wasn't a very nice thing to do.
That was a really dumb thing to do.
That was a dumb thing to do.
There wasn't much else to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom wanted me to do.
This shouldn't be very hard to do.
This shouldn't be all that hard to do.
This shouldn't be so hard to do.
This shouldn't be too hard to do.
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.
That was what Tom wanted to do.
That was what Tom said he wanted to do.
I forgot to tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
It's up to Tom to make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do.
There wasn't enough time to do everything that we needed to do.
It's one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do.
What do you think Tom should do?
Well, what do you think we should do?
Do you have any idea what I should do?
That's what Tom should do.
Tom said he wasn't sure what he should do.
Tom knew that Mary would never do what she said she'd do.
What more could we possibly do?
It's what rich people do.
Why didn't you answer the door?
Why not just knock on the door?
Would you open the door?
Shouldn't we lock the door?
Could you close the door?
Are you sure you locked the door?
There's a padlock on the door.
There's no lock on the door.
Tom didn't even bother knocking on the door.
Somebody knocked on the door.
Somebody forgot to lock the door.
Come in and lock the door.
Thanks for opening the door.
Get away from that door.
What would you normally do?
Do you have any idea what you've done?
What makes you think you're done?
Did you get any work done?
How quickly can we get that done?
Is this really how it's done?
All right, what's done is done.
What am I supposed to have done?
What would Tom have done?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
There's a lot of work left to be done.
Only Tom can tell us what needs to be done.
Do what needs to be done.
There's work to be done.
There's still work to be done.
There's a lot of work to be done.
There wasn't enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I forgot to do something that needed to be done.
What does this machine do?
This is worth about three thousand dollars.
Tom had a life insurance policy worth three hundred thousand dollars.
It's worth at least three million dollars.
Tom is carrying a bag containing a million dollars.
Tom asked Mary to lend him three hundred dollars.
That probably cost less than a dollar.
What possible harm could it do?
What precisely are you doing?
What, may I ask, are you doing?
What exactly are we doing?
Are you sure that's what Tom was doing?
Aren't you even going to ask me what I was doing?
Tom went outside to see what Mary was doing.
Perhaps we should find out what Tom's doing.
What exactly was Tom doing?
What were you planning on doing?
What are the other men doing?
Why not do the same thing Tom is doing?
Do you think I don't know what I'm doing?
What does it look like I'm doing?
It's obvious that Tom knows what he's doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he's doing.
What are some things you enjoy doing?
What exactly will you be doing?
Are you sure we're doing what we're supposed to be doing?
What exactly will Tom be doing?
What else should we be doing?
Isn't that what we should be doing?
What would you rather I be doing?
Tom doesn't know as many people here as I do.
I get paid more than most people here do.
Tom has already done what he said he'd do.
When was the last time you fed your dog?
Could you help me find my dog?
Thanks for taking care of my dog.
Come on, let's get a hot dog.
Tom is playing with his dog.
Tom goes for a walk every morning with his dog.
Does Tom really want another dog?
Tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog.
I've always wanted a dog.
Tom has three times as many CDs as Mary does.
Tom is well paid for what he does.
Is there anything you don't do?
Maybe Tom should go to the doctor.
Are you a real doctor?
When was the last time you saw a doctor?
Why didn't you call a doctor?
Do you need to see a doctor?
Aren't you a little young to be a doctor?
My parents expect me to become a doctor.
Perhaps you should see a doctor.
What's the worst they could do?
Is that the best you could do?
There wasn't much else we could do.
Is there anything Tom can't do?
Is that the best we can do?
Is there anything that we can do?
Is there anything else we can do?
Is there anything more I can do?
This is the best I can do.
Let me know what I can do.
What exactly does this button do?
What percentage of marriages end in divorce?
How old were you when your parents got divorced?
That's why we got divorced.
That's the reason we got divorced.
How long have you been divorced?
This is all very disturbing.
It's kind of disgusting.
This place is disgusting.
Are there any issues we need to discuss?
Is there anything we need to discuss?
There's one more item to discuss.
We have one more item to discuss.
There's room for discussion.
Are you experiencing any discomfort?
Tom isn't afraid to get his clothes dirty.
Tom wasn't afraid to get his clothes dirty.
Do you want me to make you dinner?
Are you going to ask Mary to dinner?
Why did you invite Tom to dinner?
Let me take you to dinner.
Can you recommend a good restaurant for dinner?
Would you like to join us for dinner?
What should we have for dinner?
Are you going to be home for dinner?
Would you care to join me for dinner?
Thanks so much for dinner.
Tom and Mary are coming for dinner.
Tom invited me to his house for dinner.
Tom finished his homework before dinner.
Does Tom usually study after dinner?
Tom said he would do his homework right after dinner.
Are you in any difficulty?
That wouldn't be too difficult.
It wouldn't be too difficult.
That shouldn't be too difficult.
It really wasn't that difficult.
That shouldn't be all that difficult.
I don't think it'll be all that difficult.
That shouldn't be so difficult.
That might be a little difficult.
That shouldn't be difficult.
That may prove to be difficult.
Do I really seem that different?
Did you expect something different?
Why is everything different?
It's always a little bit different.
Do you feel any different?
There are minor differences.
That wouldn't make much difference.
Does it make any difference?
Why would that make any difference?
That wouldn't make any difference.
It wouldn't make any difference.
It's likely not to make any difference.
It's not going to make any difference.
Why would that make a difference?
How long after that did Tom die?
Do you really think Tom is going to die?
How soon am I going to die?
I'd like to visit Boston before I die.
How long's it been since Tom died?
I met Tom the year that Mary died.
Tom said he saw something suspicious on the morning Mary died.
How old was Tom when he died?
How old were you when your father died?
Do you regret what you did?
Well, if you didn't do it, then who did?
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake that Mary did.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary did.
Tom spent three times as much as I did.
Tom spent twice as much as I did.
Why did Tom do what he did?
Tom didn't really want to help us, but he did.
Tom made me swear not to tell Mary about what he did.
Tom wished he hadn't done what he did.
Tom can't have done what you think he did.
Tom gave me a French dictionary.
How did you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Do you know for sure that these are real diamonds?
It's about three inches in diameter.
Why hasn't this land been developed?
I don't need to hear all the details.
It's difficult to remember details.
Tom explained the rules to Mary in detail.
Tom explained the rules in detail.
How far is it to our destination?
Would you like to order dessert?
Are you ready for dessert?
Someone put an envelope on your desk.
Help me move this desk.
It's difficult to describe.
How often do you go to the dentist?
Have you read my list of demands?
Tom tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
This mango is delicious.
I'm dehydrated.
It's not going to be easy to decode.
Do you think we made the wrong decision?
Do you agree with Tom's decision?
Do you agree with their decision?
Have I made the right decision?
It's the right decision.
There's only one possible decision.
Tom didn't agree with our decision.
Tom didn't like our decision.
It was a mutual decision.
This isn't an easy decision.
It was a difficult decision.
It was a controversial decision.
Have you reached a decision?
Let me know what you decide.
What are you trying to decide?
Tom gave Mary the money she needed to pay off her debts.
Tom has finally paid back all his gambling debts.
It's not open for debate.
What was the cause of death?
All right, here's the deal.
That wasn't part of the deal.
That sounds like a very good deal.
That sounds like a good deal.
What's it like to be deaf?
I haven't had a drink since Valentine's Day.
Tom made a reservation at a fancy restaurant for Valentine's day.
What's your plan for the day?
Are you finished for the day?
Here's your schedule for the day.
My schedule is tight for the next three days.
Tom's birthday is in three days.
Tom and Mary's wedding is in three days.
It's only been three days.
Everybody's in a hurry these days.
Tom is working very hard these days.
Where have you been the past couple of days?
Are you sure you don't want to stay for a couple of days?
It's been a difficult couple of days.
It could take a couple of days.
We should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
It's going to take a few days.
It looks like Tom hasn't shaved in a couple days.
It's obvious Tom has had a rough day.
It's sort of a rainy day.
This is going to be a long day.
What are some things you do every day?
Tom goes swimming almost every day.
Tom goes fishing almost every day.
I don't see Tom every day.
Mr. Jackson gives us a lot of homework every day.
Tom jogs in the park every day.
Tom goes for a walk every day.
It's been a difficult day.
Are you going to be home all day?
All Tom did was watch TV all day.
What do you say we call it a day?
Tom usually studies two or three hours a day.
Tom drinks about three liters of water a day.
Tom flosses his teeth at least once a day.
Tom is married to Mary's only daughter.
Make sure Tom stays away from my daughter.
Do you remember our first date?
My parents met on a blind date.
How about a game of darts?
It's starting to get dark.
There's no other damage.
Did the storm cause any damage?
There's no sign of any damage.
Were you close to your dad?
It's an old custom.
There were no other customers.
Tom has been taken into custody.
What did you do to make Tom cry?
Tom knew that Mary was going to cry.
All the children started crying.
It's hard to tell whether Tom is laughing or crying.
Why is everybody crying?
How long has Tom been crying?
Am I being accused of some kind of crime?
Is Tom being charged with a crime?
Do you really think Tom is crazy?
Are you all completely crazy?
Tom didn't die in the crash.
No one survived the crash.
Did the plane crash?
Does Tom get along with his coworkers?
Tom isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
Tom and Mary make a lovely couple.
Have you ever lived in another country?
Are you sure you did everything you could?
Would you go back to Boston if you could?
I wouldn't help you even if I could.
Tom closed the door as quietly as he could.
How long have you had this cough?
Do you remember how much this cost?
Do you know how much that cost?
Do you know how much these shoes cost?
Do you know what this car cost?
That's not entirely correct.
Were you the one who called the cops?
Did you think I was a cop?
Why did you become a cop?
Are you going to cooperate?
What made Tom decide to cooperate?
Isn't that kind of cool?
Tom asked me if I would like to cook.
Tom went into the kitchen to see what Mary was cooking.
Tom has done nothing all week but complain about Mary's cooking.
Tom named his cat Cookie.
That wasn't very convincing.
Is it all under control?
Is that the remote control?
The situation almost got out of control.
Tom didn't win the contest.
Tom won first prize in the speech contest.
It was a friendly contest.
It's contagious.
It's worth considering.
Did Tom ever regain consciousness?
Do you really believe there's a connection?
There was a moment of confusion.
Tom was surprised and a little confused.
Tom must've been confused.
Why did you sign the confession?
These aren't ideal conditions.
What's the other condition?
It seems like the only possible conclusion.
Did you enjoy the concert?
Do you have any idea how many people were at the concert?
Did you stay till the end of the concert?
I'm surprised that Tom didn't enjoy the concert.
Everyone seemed to enjoy the concert.
There's no cause for concern.
There's no need for concern.
What's wrong with my computer?
How much time do you spend on a computer?
It seemed like a reasonable compromise.
Is that supposed to be a compliment?
It shouldn't be too complicated.
It's kind of complicated.
Tom hardly ever complains.
It's not really a competition.
Where's the welcoming committee?
Tom is on the admissions committee.
What crimes have you committed?
Who's the second in command?
What time is Tom coming?
How are the repairs coming?
How are your wedding plans coming?
Thanks to all of you for coming.
Thanks again for coming.
Thanks so much for coming.
This chair isn't very comfortable.
It's quite likely that Tom won't come.
It's very unlikely that Tom will come.
It's quite likely that Tom will come.
It's very unlikely Tom will want to come.
I forgot to tell Tom when to come.
Let me know when you plan to come.
Thanks for agreeing to come.
Tom likes romantic comedies.
Have you always been a comedian?
Did Tom show you his stamp collection?
It's really not that cold.
It's going to get even colder.
Tom picked up the coins.
What an amazing coincidence!
Do you think it's just a coincidence?
It's probably just a coincidence.
It's hard to believe that's a coincidence.
It's too much of a coincidence.
That may only be a coincidence.
That may just be a coincidence.
It might not just be a coincidence.
It couldn't just be a coincidence.
That can't be a coincidence.
It can't be a coincidence.
Let me get you some coffee.
Let me make you some coffee.
Do any of you want a cup of coffee?
Are you sure you don't want a cup of coffee?
Would it be possible for me to get a cup of coffee?
There's plenty of coffee.
Have another cup of coffee.
Go get yourself a cup of coffee.
Would either of you like coffee?
It really smells like coffee.
What's the emergency code?
Is that Tom's coat?
Tom is wearing a sweater under his coat.
Tom put on his coat.
Is Tom a member of the swimming club?
Tom wants to join our club.
Are you going to join the glee club?
Tom found a four-leaf clover.
How much money do you spend on clothes?
Tom has been spending a lot of money on clothes.
Tom told Mary that she should get rid of all her old clothes.
Tom is very particular about his clothes.
Tom wiped the table with a damp cloth.
What else is in the closet?
Tom hung his coat up in the closet.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and locked him up in the closet.
All the stores were closed.
Why is the store closed?
Why's the restaurant closed?
Why's the bedroom door closed?
Why was the door closed?
All the stores are closed.
Things aren't too clear.
Tom has made his position clear.
Perhaps I didn't make myself clear.
Perhaps I haven't made myself clear.
Are any of these cups clean?
What'll you do after this class?
Tom is the tallest boy in the class.
Tom couldn't keep up with the class.
Tom couldn't keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom is the only boy in our class.
Tom can run the fastest in our class.
Tom is smarter than any other student in our class.
Tom is the tallest boy in his class.
Tom is taller than any other boy in his class.
Tom didn't get along well with the other boys in his class.
Tom is always at the top of his class.
May I please be excused from class?
I should've paid more attention in French class.
Tom is often late for class.
This is the best restaurant in the city.
Tom got a puppy for Christmas.
I'm thinking of going to Boston for Christmas.
Does it really matter which one of these I choose?
Tom sings in the church choir.
What are your top choices?
What are your other choices?
What's your second choice?
Do we have any other choice?
That's an interesting choice.
Do you know how Tom got that scar on his chin?
Tom has at least three children.
Tom and I plan to have three children.
Tom was glad that Mary was home with the children.
Do you have any other children?
Who said anything about having children?
It's a game for children.
This is no place for children.
What kind of food did you eat when you were a child?
I've known Tom since I was a child.
Have you tried the chicken?
This kind of tastes like chicken.
Did you just call me a chicken?
Tom is now either in Boston or Chicago.
Do you have any cream cheese?
All Tom wants is a cheeseburger.
All Tom wanted was a cheeseburger.
Do you like the macaroni and cheese?
Are you one of the cheerleaders?
Tom has a scar on his cheek.
When was the last time you had a complete checkup?
When was the last time you had a checkup?
Is there anything else you need me to check?
When was the last time you checked?
Do you have anything a little cheaper?
This is my good luck charm.
Who put you in charge?
Are you the person in charge?
Who's the person in charge?
It was a little chaotic.
It'll take three hours to make the changes.
It seems to have changed.
Why not try something different for a change?
Perhaps it's time for a change.
Maybe it's time for a change.
There'll be no second chances.
Are you Tom Jackson by any chance?
Do you know Tom by any chance?
That's quite a challenge.
Are you absolutely certain?
It was a lovely ceremony.
It's impossible to get out of this cell.
What should we do to celebrate?
Tom leaned back and stared at the ceiling.
Have you ever been inside this cave?
Did you go inside the cave?
Maybe there's someone else in the cave.
What were you doing in that cave?
What kind of trouble did Tom cause?
Don't you have a plane to catch?
There were no casualties.
There might be casualties.
Were there any casualties?
The wallet I found was full of cash.
What's wrong with your car?
Are you telling me you don't remember where you parked your car?
Let me walk you to your car.
Is that Tom's car?
Where would you like me to park the car?
When did Tom wash the car?
Who was driving the car?
When was the last time Tom washed the car?
Have you ever ridden in a sports car?
Do you know anything about cars?
Tom didn't want to drive Mary's old car.
Have you seen Tom's new car?
Tom showed us his new car.
I bet Tom paid a lot for his new car.
Where did you park my car?
Tom doesn't let Mary drive his car.
Tom doesn't often let Mary drive his car.
Tom offered to let Mary use his car.
According to Tom, Mary has sold her car.
I've heard that Tom bought an expensive car.
Tom bought an expensive car.
I don't think the gun is loaded, but you should still be very careful.
All right, listen carefully.
Did you come here by car?
Where was Tom captured?
Please do it as quickly as you can.
Please get there as fast as you can.
Please get there as soon as you can.
Tom's dog knocked over our trash can.
If Tom wants to leave, he can.
Tom doesn't need to use a cane.
Tom doesn't need a cane.
Here's a piece of candy.
The party for Tom has been canceled.
Why didn't you tell me Tom wasn't Canadian?
Tom has three friends who are Canadian.
I was watching TV when Tom came.
Do you know anything about cameras?
All right, everyone, remain calm.
Do you know a doctor who makes house calls?
It was a judgment call.
Who should I say is calling?
Wasn't Tom the first person we called?
What's that thing called?
What are those pills called?
It was a pretty close call.
Should we try to get a cab?
Can you loan me thirty dollars for a cab?
Why didn't you just take a cab?
Thanks a lot for stopping by.
What else did you buy?
What in the world did you buy?
What else do we need to buy?
Tom told me which book I should buy.
Do you like peanut butter?
It's really none of your business.
We still have some unfinished business.
How long have you been in this business?
Shouldn't you be minding your own business?
It's none of our business.
Why are you being such a bully?
Do you live in this building?
We need to evacuate the building.
That'll cost about three hundred bucks.
That'll cost three hundred bucks.
The Jacksons had their house painted dark brown.
How do you like living with your brother?
You look a lot like your brother.
Do you have a younger brother?
Does Tom have a younger brother?
Tom and John look like brothers.
Where's your other brother?
Tom shares a room with his older brother.
Tom isn't as good-looking as his brother.
Tom is not at all like his brother.
What did I do with that brochure?
What kind of wine should I bring?
Are you sure you saw someone on the bridge?
It's getting harder to breathe.
Could I please take a short break?
Come on, let's get breakfast.
I wonder what Tom ate for breakfast.
Tom woke up the children and told them it was time for breakfast.
Tom often jogs before breakfast.
Excuse me, could we have some more bread?
It wasn't much of a brawl.
It's made of brass.
Did you just call me your boyfriend?
Tom told me that Mary had a new boyfriend.
I guess Tom wasn't really Mary's boyfriend.
Do you know what's in this box?
Do you have any idea what was in the box?
Was there anything else in the box?
What do you think is in that box?
What do you suppose is in that box?
I can't even lift this small box.
Where can I put these boxes?
Maybe we should go bowling.
Do you think I should go to Boston?
Do you think you'll ever move back to Boston?
Do you really think Tom will come back to Boston?
When are you going to Boston?
Did Tom say why he's going to Boston?
Tom no longer wants to go to Boston.
Tom told Mary he didn't want her to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go back to Boston.
Tom may not have to go back to Boston.
Tom gave up the idea of going to Boston.
I don't know when Tom came to Boston.
It's been three weeks since Tom moved to Boston.
Do you know why Tom left Boston?
Tom has decided to leave Boston.
Do you still have family in Boston?
How long did Tom say he was in Boston?
Do you know what Tom was doing in Boston?
Do you have any idea what Tom was doing in Boston?
Have you ever spent time in Boston?
Aren't you supposed to be in Boston?
Did Tom say how long Mary would be in Boston?
Did Tom say how long he'd be in Boston?
Have you ever lived in Boston?
Tom is now in Boston.
Tom has several friends in Boston.
Tom has lots of friends in Boston.
Tom has a couple of friends in Boston.
Tom met Mary while he was in Boston.
Tom has invited me to come and stay with him in Boston.
Tom wished he was with Mary back in Boston.
Tom wished he was back in Boston.
According to Tom, Mary used to live in Boston.
It's clear Tom likes being here in Boston.
I haven't seen Tom since he's come back from Boston.
You're not the only one here from Boston.
Let me show you around Boston.
Can you tell me more about Boston?
You seem to know a lot about Boston.
How long have you been the boss?
Tom quit his job because he didn't like his boss.
Do you have any interesting books I could borrow?
Do you have a gas can I can borrow?
Do you have a tie I can borrow?
Tom lives in the house where he was born.
My parents were living in Boston when I was born.
Actually, it was pretty boring.
What makes you think I'm bored?
How long will it be before we cross the border?
How far are we from the border?
I really enjoyed reading this book.
Tom bought me this book.
Have you read Tom Jackson's book?
These are beautiful bookcases.
Tom was sitting alone in the park, reading a book.
Tom would often sit alone on the porch, reading a book.
Perhaps I'll write a book.
Maybe I'll write a book.
It was a suicide bombing.
There could be another bomb.
Why does Tom think he needs a bodyguard?
Why does Tom need a bodyguard?
What's the name of Tom's boat?
It's obviously a bluff.
Tom wants to have his car painted blue.
That's a very pretty blouse.
It smells like bleach.
What's under the blanket?
Tom wrote something on the blackboard.
This might hurt a little bit.
Could you lean forward a bit?
This is going to hurt a bit.
What did Tom give you for your birthday?
Have you ever forgotten your wife's birthday?
How did you know it was my birthday?
How did you find out it was my birthday?
I know what Tom wants for his birthday.
Tom got a lot of presents on his birthday.
Tom gave Mary a bracelet for her birthday.
Tom bought Mary a purse for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary something nice for her birthday.
Do you have any smaller bills?
Have you paid the electric bill?
Are you sure you can drive a truck this big?
Tom can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
Tom claims that you stole his bicycle.
How often do you ride a bicycle?
How did you know where we'd be?
It's an opportunity to get to know each other better.
Tom wished he could understand French better.
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
This'll make you feel better.
It's not going to get any better.
Where on earth can Tom be?
How difficult is that going to be?
Where's it supposed to be?
What's that supposed to be?
Where's Tom supposed to be?
Are you sure this is the place we're supposed to be?
It's not as crowded here as I expected it to be.
It was a lot more difficult than I expected it to be.
It's more beautiful here than I expected it to be.
I forgot to tell Tom where the meeting is going to be.
That might not be as heavy as you think it's going to be.
That might not be as easy as you think it's going to be.
That might not be as difficult as you think it's going to be.
That might not be as hard as you think it's going to be.
It's not the way it used to be.
My eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
My French isn't as good as it used to be.
My hearing isn't as good as it used to be.
This is how it's supposed to be.
It's where it's supposed to be.
We're just where we're supposed to be.
I have no idea where we're supposed to be.
What other explanation can there be?
What other reason could there be?
What else could there be?
How soon do you think that'll be?
How hard could it possibly be?
Do you have any idea why that might be?
Do you any idea what this might be?
Do you know where Tom might be?
Who knows what else there might be?
This is where we both belong.
Is it really so hard to believe?
Why is that so hard to believe?
Is that what I'm supposed to believe?
That's pretty hard to believe.
It seems hard to believe.
This is all hard to believe.
That's a little hard to believe.
It's not going to be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
How important can it be?
How hard could it be?
How complicated could it be?
Why not leave it behind?
Did Tom leave anything behind?
We're ready to begin.
It's hard to know where to begin.
Have I ever met you before?
Have you ever seen anyone do this before?
Have you really done this before?
Haven't you ever done this before?
Why didn't you show me this before?
Why hasn't anybody noticed this before?
I've never actually tried this before.
Have you ever seen any of these before?
Have you ever done that before?
Is it worse than before?
Have you ever had these symptoms before?
Haven't I met you somewhere before?
Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Haven't we met somewhere before?
Why didn't we notice it before?
This wasn't here before.
Have you ever shot a gun before?
Have you ever used a gun before?
Tom had never seen an elephant before.
Have I ever let you down before?
This has never been done before.
Have you ever worked as a bartender before?
Have you ever been shot at before?
It's the same as before.
I only had a couple beers.
Is there any more beer?
Are you sure we have enough beer?
Everyone else is drinking beer.
Do you have any idea how lucky you've been?
How long do you think it's been?
Do you have any idea where I've been?
Who else might it have been?
What else could it have been?
Tom lied about where he had been.
It's the same as it's always been.
Perhaps you should go to bed.
Maybe you should go to bed.
Aren't you up past your bedtime?
There's no room under the bed.
What color are you going to paint Tom's bedroom?
Tom hid the knife he'd killed Mary with in John's bedroom.
Tom undressed and got into bed.
Shouldn't you still be in bed?
What do you think this could be?
What do you suppose this could be?
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?
This place is really beautiful.
Do you still think I'm beautiful?
How badly was Tom beaten?
Are you trying to grow a beard?
How long have you had a beard?
Guess what I found on the beach.
Tom asked Mary to clean the bathroom.
Where's the nearest bathroom?
That's not my baseball bat.
What else was in the basket?
I know that Tom likes basketball.
What do you expect to find in Tom's basement?
When did you start liking baseball?
Tom wasn't interested in baseball.
All right, let's play some ball.
Tom almost lost his balance.
Maybe Tom didn't use the right kind of bait.
What are you using for bait?
Please let me carry your bag.
It looks like a shopping bag.
Were all of these in the same bag?
It's really not too bad.
Is it really that bad?
It's really not that bad.
Maybe it's not that bad.
It couldn't have been that bad.
This place isn't so bad.
Are you saying I smell bad?
Why does everyone want one of those so badly?
How did you hurt your back?
Does that chair hurt your back?
We'll call you back.
How will I find my way back?
Are you sure Tom is on his way back?
Maybe we should turn back.
Could you put a little sunscreen on my back?
Why would I want my money back?
Is it too late to get my money back?
Thanks for calling me back.
Are you ready to go back?
I'll stay with Tom until you get back.
Why isn't Tom fighting back?
When's Tom expected back?
Are you sure Tom is coming back?
Thanks for calling back.
Wait for me. I'll be back.
Tom spoke quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
My parents died when I was a baby.
This stuff tastes awful.
Tom looked after our dog while we were away.
Tom looked after my dog while I was away.
It's not too late to walk away.
Are you sure you want to throw all of this away?
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
Are you going to throw that away?
Everyone needs to get out of here right away.
It doesn't have to be done right away.
It's about three meters away.
Did Tom say how long he'd be away?
How long have you been awake?
It's probably still available.
Tom is saving money to go to Australia.
Tom is saving money so he can go to Australia.
Are fireworks legal in Australia?
Dr. Jackson is one of the best heart specialist in Australia.
Do you know anything about Australia?
Do you really think I'm attractive?
Is it still up in the attic?
May I have your attention?
Let me have your attention.
Haven't you been paying attention?
What church do you attend?
Do you really think they'll attack?
Did you know that Tom's grandfather died of a heart attack?
Are they planning an attack?
What are you kids staring at?
What are you two staring at?
What are you all looking at?
Well, what are you good at?
What exactly are you getting at?
That's a reasonable assumption.
It seemed like a reasonable assumption.
Do any of you need medical assistance?
The children are upstairs asleep.
Wake me up when you get home if I'm asleep.
Try not to fall asleep.
Are you sure everyone's already asleep?
It's not likely Tom will do what we ask.
What kind of questions will they ask?
Why doesn't Tom just do what we've asked?
Why didn't you do what we asked?
This is a fascinating article.
Was Tom here when you arrived?
Tom bled to death before the ambulance arrived.
Are you sure it's not the other way around?
It's supposed to be the other way around.
How did you hurt your arm?
My grandparents have smallpox vaccination scars on their arms.
It's been three weeks since Tom broke his arm.
There's no time to argue.
Do you have any idea how lucky you are?
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you are?
How's the weather where you are?
Are you so certain you know where we are?
What do you think these are?
What do you suppose these are?
We don't even know what these are.
Do you know how many there are?
Do you know what the risks are?
Are you sure you understand what the risks are?
Do you know what Tom's plans are?
Does Tom know where the others are?
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Can you recommend a good motel in the area?
Do you want me to call and see if I can get you an appointment?
Are you sure we don't need an appointment?
Tom was chosen from among applicants.
That sounds really appealing.
Look, I owe you an apology.
There's no need for an apology.
Have you called Tom to apologize?
Tom is too stubborn to apologize.
Please accept our apologies.
It's too late for apologies.
What else did you find in Tom's apartment?
How old are you anyway?
What do you guys want anyway?
What was your plan anyway?
It wouldn't have mattered anyway.
Why does it matter anyway?
What's Tom doing here anyway?
Why do I have to be here anyway?
What are you guys looking for anyway?
What are we looking for anyway?
It wouldn't make any difference anyway.
What are you guys talking about anyway?
Are you sure I can't get you anything?
Tom told me not to tell you anything.
Do you need help with anything?
Can I help with anything?
How would that solve anything?
Do you need me to sign anything?
Do I need to sign anything?
Why didn't you ever say anything?
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?
Tom was too scared to say anything.
Perhaps I shouldn't have said anything.
Maybe I shouldn't have said anything.
Are you sure you don't remember anything?
Make sure we haven't overlooked anything.
Please call if you find out anything.
Call if you need anything.
Did you bring me anything?
Tom wished he hadn't told Mary anything.
Would either of you like anything?
This isn't helping anything.
Are you sure you didn't forget anything?
Let me know if you find anything.
Are you just going to sit here and not do anything?
Do you need me to do anything?
How does that change anything?
Did Tom seem upset about anything?
Have you discussed this with anyone?
It's not easy for Tom to trust anyone.
Tom made me swear not to tell anyone.
Does Tom seem like he's afraid of anyone?
Tom's bruises are barely visible anymore.
It's possible Tom isn't there anymore.
It won't be necessary to do that anymore.
Tom told Mary he didn't want her to do that anymore.
That's not really necessary anymore.
Please just don't hurt me anymore.
Does it really matter anymore?
Tom decided never to talk to Mary anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't love Mary anymore.
Tom decided never to see Mary anymore.
I won't do it anymore.
Tom asked Mary not to visit him anymore.
Tom hardly comes here anymore.
This isn't funny anymore.
It's just not fun anymore.
Tom didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom isn't my boyfriend anymore.
That's not funny at all anymore.
Have you ever said "I love you" to anybody?
Have you ever shot anybody?
Have you ever killed anybody?
Tom advised Mary not to borrow money from anybody.
Do you really think that you're fooling anybody?
There's no other answer.
These are questions that I can't answer.
Would you say I was annoying?
Did you hear the announcement?
Did you have any stuffed animals?
Tom didn't seem angry.
Tom managed to control his anger.
Are you as hungry as I am?
Are you as bored as I am?
What kind of guy do you think I am?
Tom is a much better singer than I am.
Please don't let anyone know where I am.
Please don't tell Tom where I am.
Why didn't you call an ambulance?
Did you call an ambulance?
Have you already called an ambulance?
It's better than the alternative.
There are no other alternatives.
There's another alternative.
Shouldn't you be at work already?
Shouldn't you be at school already?
It may be too late already.
Haven't you done enough already?
Are you two not getting along?
How are the negotiations coming along?
How are things coming along?
Would you mind coming along?
Have you been here all along?
I'll never leave you alone.
Are you sure you want to be left alone?
Tom was found dead in the alley.
Are you able to help us at all?
I don't trust Tom at all.
It isn't unusual at all.
Tom can't speak any French at all.
It doesn't make any difference at all.
This doesn't look good at all.
It's not complicated at all.
It isn't complicated at all.
Are your grandparents still alive?
Are you sure Tom is still alive?
Do you really think Tom might still be alive?
Tom told Mary that he'd seen John with Alice.
Mary isn't only prettier, but she gets better grades than Alice.
Tom had never seen a moose until he moved to Alaska.
How far are we from the airport?
I forgot to tell Tom who was going to pick him up at the airport.
Tom and I went to see Mary off at the airport.
How long can we survive in here before we run out of air?
It's about thirty yards ahead.
Tom lived in Boston until a few years ago.
Tom passed away several years ago.
Tom joined our company three years ago.
Tom isn't the same man he was three years ago.
Tom left just a while ago.
I just got a letter from someone I knew a long time ago.
We should've done that a long time ago.
Where were you three nights ago?
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.
Tom left thirty minutes ago.
That wasn't there a minute ago.
Where were you an hour ago?
The meeting started over an hour ago.
Tom should've been back an hour ago.
Didn't you just repair that three days ago?
That happened only a few days ago.
Tom came to see me three days ago.
What else is on today's agenda?
What else is on the agenda?
Maybe Tom is working again.
It seems to be working again.
What did you say your name was again?
Did you forget your wallet again?
Come back and see us again.
Tom has forgotten his umbrella again.
What choice is there but to try again?
Would you like me to try again?
Maybe we should try again.
Are you going to call Tom again?
Do you think you'll see Tom again?
Can we try this again?
Do we need to do this again?
Please don't ask me about this again.
Come on, let's do this again.
Please don't ask me to do this again.
Would you do the same thing again?
Would you mind going over that again?
Let me try that again.
Please don't ever say that again.
Please promise me you won't do that again.
Come on, let's do that again.
There's that sound again.
Could I see those photos again?
When will we see each other again?
Tom and Mary seemed to be very happy to see each other again.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary again.
Tom knew he'd never see Mary again.
Are you ever going to get married again?
Why can't we do it again?
What's to stop Tom from doing it again?
All right, let's try it again.
Tom didn't have the nerve to do it again.
Tom didn't have the courage to try doing it again.
When are you coming home again?
What's Tom doing here again?
Tom promised me he wouldn't come here again.
Are you trying to be funny again?
Let me see that file again.
Are you two fighting again?
It'll be nice to see everyone again.
Don't do that ever again.
Are you ever going to wear these boots again?
Is Tom coming back again?
The Jacksons are visiting us tomorrow afternoon.
I'll call you this afternoon.
I've asked Tom to help us this afternoon.
Tom and Mary are going to play tennis this afternoon.
Tom has offered to take care of the children this afternoon.
Tom was late for the meeting this afternoon.
There's a good chance that Tom will be here this afternoon.
Let me show you around this afternoon.
Where were you at 2:on Monday afternoon?
It was a long afternoon.
Tom and Mary play tennis together every afternoon.
Have you been playing basketball all afternoon?
It's normal to be a little afraid.
Who doesn't want love and affection?
What else would you advise?
I should've listened to your advice.
I should've followed your advice.
If I were you, I'd listen to Tom's advice.
Tom won't listen to Mary's advice.
Would you mind a little advice?
Can I give you a little friendly advice?
It's not easy being an adult.
Tom doesn't know that he's adopted.
Do you have anything else to add?
Is there anything you'd like to add?
Let me write down the address.
Are you sure this is the right address?
Are you sure you have the right address?
It's quite complex actually.
It's quite common actually.
That's not completely accurate.
How many people were killed in the accident?
How long has it been since the accident?
Are you the one who caused the accident?
What do you think caused the accident?
Who else witnessed the accident?
Tom broke his right arm in the accident.
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.
According to this report, Tom was the one who caused the accident.
Did Tom say anything about his accident?
It was a freak accident.
It was an awful accident.
Tom died in an automobile accident.
There's been another accident.
Are you certain it was an accident?
It obviously wasn't an accident.
Maybe it wasn't an accident.
According to the bus driver, it wasn't an accident.
Maybe it really was an accident.
Tom's death has been officially ruled as an accident.
Tom was late for class yesterday because he had an accident.
That would be quite acceptable.
What are you writing about?
What are you really worried about?
Is that what you're worried about?
Is there anything I need to be worried about?
What are you whispering about?
What are you guys whispering about?
What are you so upset about?
What's Tom so upset about?
What are you getting so upset about?
What are you going to talk to Tom about?
What was your conversation with Tom about?
All right, what's this about?
What on earth was all that about?
What were you guys talking about?
Do you know what Tom is talking about?
What are you two talking about?
Do you know who I'm talking about?
What did you think we were talking about?
What do you feel like talking about?
What did the two of you talk about?
What do you wish to talk about?
What are you two going to talk about?
What are we going to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What else do we need to talk about?
What's there to smile about?
What's the meeting about?
What did you need to see me about?
What is Tom so mad about?
What's Tom so mad about?
Are there any problems I should know about?
Is there anything I should know about?
Tom didn't apply for the job that Mary told him about.
What are you grinning about?
What was all the fuss about?
What are you getting so excited about?
What are you embarrassed about?
Isn't this what you've been dreaming about?
What was Tom confused about?
Isn't that what you complained about?
What exactly is your book about?
What's the meeting going to be about?
What were you two arguing about?
What are you two arguing about?
What were you and Tom arguing about?
It's not worth arguing about.
What did they argue about?
What are you so angry about?
Tom has confidence in his own ability.
Tom and Mary have known each other since 2013.
Tom has been living in Boston since 2013.
Tom graduated from Harvard in 2013.
It's about thirty miles from here on Route 3.
It's on page 3.
My first appointment isn't until 2:30.
Tom knew that he couldn't get to the airport by 2:30.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to finish the report by 2:30.
I think that I'll be in Boston by 2:30.
Tom promised to be back by 2:30.
If Tom calls, tell him I'll be there by 2:30.
We've got to be out of here by 2:30.
Where were you yesterday at 2:30?
I'm going to meet Tom in the lobby at 2:30.
We were supposed to meet at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd pick us up at 2:30.
Please come back at 2:30.
Tom said he would leave at 2:30.
My parents will be home about 2:30.
Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits.
The most precious thing in life is moments.
We all hate television and computers.
That'll take a couple of hours.
It does not matter that he did not know about it.
Tom is going to shoot Mary if he finds out!
They seem upset.
Existing grid mechanism is used to provide metadata registry and it defines high level APIs which manages transaction based replication across multiple domains and legacy software’s are also moved to grid smoothly
Can you help me to translate some words?
Tomorrow is my first day at the new workplace.
Go to the shop.
Do you have another opinion?
I want to write a poem.
Those are hounds.
He was terrified at the sight of this huge snake.
I found your letter in the letterbox.
Indeed, Tom claimed that Maria had made no spelling mistakes, however he simply hadn't spotted them, since he himself has not mastered perfect spelling.
How is the radius calculated, when the circumference is known?
I didn't say a single word.
Tom liked to sit outside during the warm summer nights and gaze at the stars.
After waiting for three quarters of an hour at the doctor's, Tom was gradually becoming impatient.
Eventually the doctor's receptionist called Tom's name.
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table and waited until his name was called.
Newspapers were laid out in the waiting room.
I haven't smoked for years.
Unfortunately, a Japanese dub of the film is not included on this DVD, but at least there are Japanese subtitles.
You're going to love Tom.
Tom was unsuccessful in finding a job.
Maria acts as if she were a fool.
It makes the teaching profession varied and fun.
In his spare time, Tom keeps busy as a troll in internet forums.
What wonderful news!
Today I was in church.
I am a little scared.
You received a letter which described what you did, right down to the last detail.
I am your source of life, for my tears flow in your veins.
You're a friend of Thomas.
No, I was at home!
But you can't see anything at all!
Leave me be.
My car was wrecked in the crash.
He's a brown noser.
Would you fetch me a glass of water?
Tom's fuming again today - the slightest word and he blows his top.
Did you want your tea topped up?
Barry is a transhumanist and believes that soft robotics parts can aid his disability.
Several of the Transhumanist Movement are demonstrating in front of the government building.
The Europeans hired an exorcist to cleanse their continent of demons.
Tom is nervous, too.
Tom was driving down the street singing along at the top of his lungs to his favourite song on the car radio.
You didn't tell them what you wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them what he wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them what she wrote in that article.
You didn't tell them what we wrote in that blog.
You didn't tell them what they wrote in that blog.
The populists won.
That trio has already put out five albums.
She was sentenced to death in absentia.
Since spring, she has been the president of the country.
Tom bought some squirrelfish for his aquarium.
Did you know that spaghetti grows on spaghetti trees?
Wood doesn't grow on trees.
Don't waste wood. It doesn't grow on trees.
Scientists have just discovered a colony of flying penguins living in Antarctica.
Why is the earth round instead of something cooler, like a cube?
Tom majored in engineering in college.
The exact same thing happened to my friend a week later!
Tom was the first guy who broke my heart.
Tom was the first boy who broke my heart.
Tom's father retired early.
Tom stole money from his friends.
These toys are very popular.
I'm going to sleep in minutes.
"I'm going to sleep in minutes." "You said that minutes ago!"
Wolfgang works for the Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science.
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.
I don't really care anymore.
I'm going to marry him.
"I'm going to marry him." "You're not," said her father.
She was reluctant to marry him.
He made a run for it.
When the police stopped him for questioning, Tom tried to make a run for it.
I hate people like you.
Maybe you should turn off the television and do something else.
Maybe you should turn off the TV.
You're not romantic at all.
Do you know what benzyl acetate smells like?
You can't sing and dance on Good Friday.
I think this is a dream.
Would it bother you if I told you that I started a business with my ex?
Where is your other younger brother?
At the time, you were outside.
It was only after the horse had bolted, that we realised that there was a link between smoking and cancer.
You're going to need a bigger boat.
A son must obey his father.
The planet Sakura is 4.light-years away.
I live on the planet Sakura.
It has an unpleasant taste.
I'm really busy at the moment.
The cat quietly crept up on the mouse from behind.
With a different hairstyle, you'd look ten years younger.
In this day and age, life without electricity is unimaginable.
We're expecting Tom any day now.
We're expecting Tom any minute now.
Mary had an ultrasound to find out the sex of her and Tom's unborn baby.
I need something to write in.
Until I entered the university, I had no experience of reading even a single book except comic books.
She didn't say a word to me.
You cannot do it tomorrow.
Tom had to borrow money to put into his savings account so that his cheque wouldn't bounce.
Some sentences on Tatoeba really make me question the minds of their owners.
Dan is too tired today.
Dan left a good job in London to live with Linda in Glasgow.
Dan took a picture of a warthog.
Life is tough for a pilot like Dan.
Dan couldn't imagine how difficult flying in the Sahara could be.
Dan attended Oxford University.
Dan landed safely.
Dan approached the runway too fast.
Dan had to take off again to repeat the landing.
Dan wasn't satisfied with Linda's landing.
Dan, a seasoned flight instructor, wanted Linda to make a perfect landing.
Dan's opinion counts.
Dan will never leave this school.
Dan is the best flight instructor we've got.
Dan is at the top of the list of candidates.
Dan and Linda quickly fell in love.
Dan revealed to Linda his plans for the future.
Dan struggled with life in Alaska.
Dan was upset that he didn't figure in Linda's plans.
Dan drove Linda to his house to meet his parents.
Dan is determined to stay here, no matter what.
Dan has just been offered a job elsewhere.
Dan came to London with just two hundred pounds.
Dan told his daughter Linda that he would cut her off financially if she married Matt.
Dan got angry and stormed out of the dining hall.
Dan and Linda decided to marry against the wishes of their parents.
Dan severed ties with his daughter, Linda.
Dan's father attended the wedding.
Dan struggled to pay his bills.
Dan got a job as a security guard.
Dan had three thousand flying hours.
Dan came across an injured raccoon.
Dan and Linda rented the top floor of a house in Glasgow.
Dan graduated second in his class.
Dan took a position at a respectable law firm.
Dan and Linda eventually moved to London.
Dan and Linda were ready to start a family.
Dan and Linda failed to conceive.
Dan and Linda consulted a specialist to help them have children.
Dan was informed that his wife, Linda, was terminally ill.
Dan attempted to live a normal life with his disease.
Dan began costly cancer therapy.
Dan needed money and sought financial relief from his father.
Dan wrote another check for Linda.
Dan told Linda not to blame herself.
Linda asked Dan to embrace her tightly.
Barry, a transhumanist, has a soft robotics part which is his right arm.
Anton is a Singularitarian, believing in the coming of artificial superintelligence.
There were Jews in Arab countries before the partition of Palestine.
What do you read?
Since I was tired, I took a nap.
He took the kids to the school.
Mary visited her grandmother.
I will wait for you.
There are many rivers in India.
Do you know what it means when a man presents a ring to a woman?
Where is your child?
Japanese is my native language.
I think your eyes are very beautiful.
The girl didn't say anything
You can have three tries.
You can try three times.
What is your favourite animal?
I will stay at the hotel for now.
I remember my childhood clearly.
I don't think I can live without you.
What doesn't kill me makes me stronger.
That's very serious.
He one day ridiculed the short feet and slow pace of his opponent.
Even though you may be quick as the wind, I will beat you in a race.
How can someone be so unconscientious?
They agreed that you should choose the track and establish the goal.
On the day appointed for the game they started together.
I think that this book is too girly for my taste.
He laid down by the wayside and took a nap under a tree.
He ran as fast as he could, but it was too late.
She had already won the race.
Slow but steady progress always wins.
He believed her assertion to be simply impossible and assented to the proposal.
I will not lie to her.
I won't lie to her.
I won't lie to him.
Dan participated in the class play.
Dan has known Linda since kindergarten.
Dan has seldom paid any attention to Linda.
Linda wore modest dresses all the time.
Linda wore no make-up.
Linda never attempted to improve her looks.
Linda never attempted to attract attention to herself.
Dan had trouble learning his lines for the play.
Linda's father didn't allow her to date.
Dan asked Linda's father if he could date his daughter.
Dan made a list of things he wanted to achieve in life.
Dan asked Linda to kiss him.
Dan asked Linda what her plans for the future were.
Dan was terminally ill and wasn't responding to treatment.
Dan confessed to Linda that he was dying.
Dan's condition grew worse and he was sent to the hospital.
Dan gave Linda a book that once belonged to his grandfather.
Dan helped Linda through her tough times.
Dan and Linda spent the summer together.
Dan died at the end of the winter.
Dan was accepted into medical school.
Dan apologized to his daughter, Linda, for not letting her go to the party.
Dan and Matt had been best friends for years.
Dan made a speech at the wedding.
Dan asked Linda to the school dance.
Dan and Linda went to the beach to attend a party.
Dan wanted to go with Linda.
I'm not rejecting you.
I can help you learn Russian if you want.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Tom cannot guarantee his behaviour when he drinks.
I no longer want to offend anyone.
I never had any reason to offend Tom.
Parents often spell out words or sentences they don't want their young children to understand.
The biggest problem in Tom and Mary's marriage is Mary's mother's interference.
Poor communication and selfishness is a toxic combination which few marriages can survive.
Tom had no idea, as he set off for the party, that he was going to meet the love of his life that night.
They spent some time together and eventually fell in love with each other.
Do you come from another planet?
I saw a ghost last night.
The wind is shifting.
She must really like you.
He must really like you.
Tom must really like you.
Tom never drives above the speed limit.
Do you know of someone who's never used toothpaste?
The father had trouble communicating with his wayward son.
He keeps giving me cheesy compliments, although I've made it clear that I'm not interested in him.
That's the cheesiest pick-up line I've ever heard.
May you defeat all our enemies.
Tom never drives over the speed limit.
It's difficult to get a job at the moment.
I always recognise my mistakes.
People ought to recognise their own mistakes.
I perform my work very well.
Lady Gaga has a ridiculous dress.
We must always support our children.
After I fell, my back hurt.
The defendant admitted her guilt.
Having knowledge of many languages is an advantage in the contemporary world.
When you are meeting a girl, you have to act confident.
When the money ran out, the construction work was suspended.
He looked very terrified after the car crash.
I offered him a good deal, but he refused it.
Dan is Linda's new husband.
Dan was the first to arrive.
Dan started a fight with Matt.
Dan talked about his relationship with Linda.
Dan is a linguist.
Dan accidentally called Linda "Rita", which angered her.
Dan found the password to Linda's computer.
Dan heard Matt and Linda arguing.
Dan could not get Linda to tell him what was wrong.
Dan and Linda met an elderly couple at the park.
Dan invited Matt and Linda to dinner.
Dan accepted Linda's invitation to dinner.
Dan announced that he and Linda were getting divorced.
Dan has been hearing sexual noises all night long at the hotel.
She supports the Democratic Party.
He often argues with his wife.
Please add a period at the end of your sentence.
Dan believed that Linda was cheating on him.
Dan came home very drunk.
Dan assaulted Linda.
Dan agreed to help Linda find a job.
Dan found Linda a good job.
A true friend just tells it like it is.
Linda lectured Rita about what men like in women.
Dan moved his things out of Linda's house.
Dan changed the locks of his house.
Dan trashed his room and stormed out of the house.
Dan came home early to catch Linda cheating on him.
Dan admitted to Linda that he had been having an affair.
Dan begged Linda for forgiveness.
Dan and Linda reconciled.
Dan discovered Linda had another phone.
Dan arrived at Linda's apartment.
Dan angrily attacked Linda.
Linda tearfully begged Dan for forgiveness.
Linda tearfully confessed to Dan that she had been cheating on him.
When it comes to fidelity, Tom hasn't got a good track record.
Dan tried to apologize for being dishonest.
Dan apologized to Linda for being dishonest.
Dan went to Linda's house to confront her.
Dan realized that he had been ruining his marriage with his lengthy business trips.
Dan invited Linda to have a drink with him.
Dan began a new friendship with Linda.
Dan was struck and gravely injured by a truck.
Dan waited in the emergency room hallway to hear the status of Linda's condition.
Dan was informed that Linda had passed away.
The doctor told Dan that Linda had passed away.
Dan was approached by a co-worker who told him that Linda had come to see him.
It really annoys me when you do that.
I know you're just doing that to annoy me.
How do you come back from something like that?
I'd rather not talk about it, if you don't mind.
Dan invited Linda to have a coffee with him.
Dan left Linda when life became unbearable with her.
Dan became depressed after Linda left him.
Dan tried to drown himself.
Dan found himself in love with Linda.
Dan taught Matt the art of romance.
Dan found romance with a woman almost half his age.
Dan discovered that his wife had been unfaithful.
Dan went to London with his son, Matt, and his daughter, Linda.
Dan began a new life in London.
Dan rented an apartment above a restaurant.
Dan befriended one of the waitresses.
Dan was not sure what he wanted to do with his life.
Dan had a college degree and was good at translation.
Dan babysitted Linda's children.
Linda became Dan's children's full-time nanny.
Linda developed a close-knit relationship with Dan's children.
Dan and Linda started to date.
Dan and Linda seemed perfect together.
Linda felt nauseated and suspected she was pregnant.
When Linda told Dan that she was pregnant, he was thrilled.
The doctor confirmed that Linda was pregnant.
A fight broke out between Dan and Linda.
Dan decided to travel the world.
Dan wanted to improve the lives of others.
Dan was promoted at his job.
Dan and Linda adopted a young boy from Cambodia.
Dan and Linda had a chance encounter at an airport.
Dan wished to become a famous poet.
After he was released from the psychiatric hospital, Dan continued to suffer severe mood swings and erratic behavior.
Dan proved to be of no help.
Dan no longer felt safe in his own house.
Dan claimed that Linda was the reason for his unhappiness.
Dan desired to kill Linda.
Dan placed his daughter, Linda, under the care of a psychiatrist.
Dan found it hard to adjust to life in the monastery.
Dan quickly adjusted to life at the summer camp.
Dan confessed to Linda that he was a heavy drinker.
Dan began an erratic sexual relationship with his youngest aunt, Linda.
Dan manipulated Linda into signing her money over to him.
Dan felt like his mother no longer wanted him.
Dan gave Linda all the money he had saved up.
The pile of bodies under the bridge was such a macabre sight.
How can you watch such macabre movies without having nightmares?
He enjoys engaging in macabre activities such as dissecting animal corpses and stalking people on the street at night.
Just because you can't see ghosts, it doesn't mean that they're not there.
Just because you can't see ghosts, it doesn't mean that they don't exist.
Mary believes she has special powers.
This girl has special powers.
I think that Mary has special powers.
He's a little fat.
What else is on?
It turns out that you are unexpectedly eloquent.
The boy, it turns out, has already vanished.
On Purim people eat Haman's Ears.
Why do you dress up on Purim?
You aren't dressing up this year?
I share your sorrow.
Please receive my condolences.
In my opinion, it's time that he called me.
The food looks tasty.
I use this bowl for cooking jelly.
In general, women live longer than men.
You don't need to answer that question.
I don't want you to miss out.
What's the main purpose of this plan?
Would you take a message, please?
Would you put this in the car for me?
Would you like to watch TV?
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Would you ask Tom to come here?
Would you ask Tom to call me back, please?
Will you take me home?
Will you pass me the salt, please?
Will you call me a taxi, please?
That's dead easy.
I don't want to post it.
Love your fellow more than your money.
My beloved land, pearl of the Orient Sea.
They tell you this.
Damn it!
To hell with it!
Tom wished to sink into the ground for shame.
An Olympic gold medal is probably the most coveted sporting prize.
Mary tried to defuse the tension by changing the subject.
Tom was very angry with Mary and it took her a long time to placate him.
An independent advisor has been brought in to conciliate between the unions and the employer.
I cannot understand the implacable hatred that he still feels for his old rival.
Mary was in an exultant mood after her great exam results.
You look full of the joys of spring today. Why are you smiling all the time?
Arrogance has always been my pet aversion.
I can tell you that so was mine.
I'm not averse to a good night out.
I just loathe people who tell lies.
Spiders are loathsome little creatures.
War is a loathsome business.
We all find her behaviour abhorrent.
There was a scornful note in his voice.
What puerile behaviour! Grow up!
Have faith in God.
The game download is 1% to completion.
Angels guard and guide us.
It's said that the Portuguese called the Philippines "Ilhas do Oriente".
You are like a woman because you think that sex is humility.
You know that I am not promoting Portuguese over Spanish.
Your propaganda is so amateur.
If you are not enjoying writing, why write at all?
Frequent sex is not good.
I spent last night at Tom's.
Tom pretended to be angry even though he really wasn't.
Tom tried to speak, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to get out of bed, but he couldn't.
Tom finishes his shift at 2:30.
Do you think you'll be back by 2:30?
Tom said that he was planning to be here by 2:30.
My birthday is October 20th.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was absent.
Tom went downtown this afternoon.
Were you at the library yesterday afternoon?
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him kiss her again.
Can you please say that again?
I'd like to see Tom again.
Please take me to the airport.
Tom picked up Mary at the airport.
Tom picked Mary up at the airport.
Tom said he didn't know when he was supposed to meet Mary at the airport.
When are you going to pick Tom up at the airport?
Tom pulled the fire alarm.
Tom pretended to be angry.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was angry.
Tom and Mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
Tom's very annoying.
Tom would lend you money if he had any.
I'm glad I don't have to do that anymore.
I've promised Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom never gives me anything.
Do you know where my glasses are?
Tom heard Mary and John arguing.
Nothing is more sad than stupidity and apathy.
This would never have happened if you had listened to me in the first place.
Tom is sweet, smart, and handsome.
I felt tears come into my eyes.
This movie has a predictable plot.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
No one has resigned yet.
There was a chain accident during rush hour.
I was too tired to go on.
You're in love with someone else.
Aren't you supposed to be at work right now?
Aren't you supposed to be in school right now?
I stopped and stared at him.
I stopped and stared at her.
Tom stopped and stared at Mary.
Is he a good kisser?
"Is he a good kisser?" "Tom does everything well."
I don't think he wants to marry you.
A fire broke out in the mine.
I don't like spiders.
It was very dark inside the mine.
It wasn't a fair fight.
Relevance is a key element in communication.
I've waited forever for this day to come.
He who does not have mercy with Man, God shall not have mercy upon him.
What is the hardest language, in your view?
After that, what happened?
I don't think that we will be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
At what time did you arrive at your home?
I don't know if we needed that.
Do you have the time to drink something?
I don't have anything except for ten books.
I wanted to improve my Japanese pronunciation.
Know your enemy and know yourself.
I work in a language school.
It's either everything or nothing.
The city is asleep.
The camel is the ship of the Sahara.
Hi, are you Tom?
Have you seen Tom since he's shaved his head?
Tom is one of the best workers we have.
Tom encouraged me to apply to Harvard.
Tom studies at Harvard.
Tom's very hard-working.
Tom isn't really happy.
Tom must've known this would happen.
Tom has already told Mary what's going to happen.
Tom was obviously worried about what might happen.
I wonder why this is happening.
Tom promised to let me know what happened.
Tom has already told Mary what happened.
Tom wished he could tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom told Mary not to blame herself for what had happened.
Tom refused to tell us what had happened.
Tom lied about what had happened.
At what time are you coming back?
We think our boy is brilliant. Of course, we might be biased.
Please remember what I tell you.
I thought you might be interested in trying a Japanese meal.
I thought you might be interested in knowing.
I'm not adding you to my list of friends.
I'm not applauding you.
I'm not going to explain it to you.
I'm not going to explain it to you again.
We'll meet wherever you want.
Do you like figure-skating?
Do you like figure skating?
We had lunch earlier than usual and went out at twelve thirty.
Here it is warm. You could put away your coat.
You complement me.
Some beautiful birds fly above the trees.
The boys are shy.
My unhappiness probably is because I very much like to be alone.
To stop the bleeding immediately press on the wound.
Next year, the wages do increase, but most of the increase will disappear due to inflation.
Many countries try to regulate the birth rate.
He decided to continue the plan.
The government of the republic discussed the exchange crisis plan.
My daughter is coming home.
My book is floating about here somewhere but I just can't find it.
What are you up to this weekend? Not much, just pottering about at home.
He's trying to correct his scoliosis.
Today Jesus has risen from the dead.
The farm house has mysteriously turned white.
The neighbours have been banging about next door all morning.
Tom was clowning around at the party last night.
Politicians often skirt around the truth and don't give direct answers to questions.
How do I get to the zoo?
Did your family come with you?
Are your children with you?
Tom asked me to get a hold of you.
Tom and Mary got married when they were very young.
You're kidding me, aren't you?
Have your parents met Tom yet?
Have your parents met your girlfriend yet?
Tom didn't show up for work yesterday.
Is that the picture you took of Tom yesterday?
The doctor didn't allow my father to carry heavy things.
The magnificent film made us think that the legend of El Cid is true.
Did Van Gogh really cut off one of his ears?
My mailbox has been empty since last month.
To feel envy is a sin.
I should be enjoying Sunday with my family.
I literally ate a dozen eggs on Easter Sunday.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
The roads are slippery, so please be careful.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to sell him her car.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd parked his car.
Tom didn't remember where he'd parked his car.
Tom said he saw Mary get into John's car.
You have a very nice car.
Tom is pretty good at chess.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home with the children.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston for Christmas.
What reason could I possibly have to lie to you?
Making cheese is an art.
The two of you are in cahoots against me!
Coloring eggs is fun.
As luck would have it, Providence was on my side.
Nobody knows as many bedtime stories as the god of the dream.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to do something she knew she shouldn't do.
I didn't even consider what Tom might want to do.
I expect Tom will know what to do.
I know exactly what I have to do.
Tom has already told Mary what to do.
Tom has already told Mary what she needs to do.
Tom knew what he was supposed to do.
Tom let Mary do whatever she wanted to do.
Tom lets Mary do whatever she wants to do.
Tom made a list of things he had to do.
Tom said he didn't know what to do.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom stopped me from doing what I wanted to do.
Tom told Mary that he didn't know what to do.
Tom wished that Mary would tell him what to do.
Tom wondered what Mary was about to do.
Tom wondered what Mary was going to do.
What did Tom want us to do?
ׂSecond-hand electrical equipment always shows signs of use.
Hunting is forbidden in national parks.
They're loading crude oil onto the ship.
We met in a chat room, around ten years ago.
We don't need to hurry.
There exist numerous theories about the origins of life.
I have no doubt as to his sincerity.
I know New York like the back of my hand.
You can use the book as long as you keep it clean.
She dresses herself quickly.
Tom couldn't assemble the bed because he didn't have the right sized Allen key.
I don't know whether Tom believes in God or not.
I'll be six feet under by then.
Tom and Mary spent a relaxing week on a houseboat.
Tom and Mary spent a week relaxing on a houseboat.
Painting Easter eggs is fun.
Tom and Mary went hunting for Easter eggs.
I wish you and your family a very happy Easter.
It's time to get a haircut.
Some say that speech is worth silver, but silence is worth gold.
I'm making scrambled eggs.
Tom wants to be a diplomat.
Tom tried, unsuccessfully, to smile.
You missed one.
Have you ever been kissed?
I love you. Will you marry me?
I couldn't believe this was really happening.
I couldn't believe this was really happening to me.
How much money is in your bank account right now?
This single mother works two jobs just to be able to pay the rent and feed her children.
Our country needs to learn how to compete in the new global economy.
The CEO raised his salary even though the company was losing money.
This hedge fund manager made more than one billion dollars.
What's your favorite prayer?
Tens of thousands of people gathered in Saint Peter's Square on Sunday morning, despite the cold and the rain, to take part in Solemn Mass with Pope Francis in celebration of Easter.
Dear Brothers and Sisters, Jesus Christ is risen! Love has triumphed over hatred, life has conquered death, light has dispelled the darkness!
They find a secret delight in abasing themselves before men of violence.
He bought some rice.
Do you have a smoke?
He puts himself down for the wrong reasons.
The house is red.
This is the story of my country.
He gave me a book.
He sent me a letter.
They saw the ship.
I used to correlate love with sex.
Harriet looked slightly abashed.
The water rapidly subsided back to normal levels leaving me on a falling building.
She waited nervously for his anger to subside.
Weak foundations caused the house to subside.
The storm showed no signs of abating.
This action would not have been sufficient to abate the odor nuisance.
This girl speaks English and German.
No cure was possible, despite the abatement of symptoms.
She cleaned the house.
He's successfully caught the big rat in the kitchen.
Which is closer to Arabic in terms of sound, Spanish or Portuguese?
I've brought some popcorn and soda for us to eat and drink while playing video games.
A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
We all like you.
I've never been to Spain. However, I have been in Italy.
Tom says he doesn't know any French.
I've never spoken with Tom in French.
I should learn French.
I should learn some French.
I forgot that Tom didn't speak French.
Those men are speaking French.
Please speak French.
Tom wanted Mary to learn how to speak French.
I don't think Tom has ever studied French.
There are no stupid jobs, there are only stupid people.
An icicle broke off and fell on her, stabbing her in the chest.
In fact, to listen to her, you would think the flesh hung from her shoulders like swags from a curtain rail.
How do you get on?
To help you all get to know each other, we've created some games to break the ice!
Sorry, I can't come into work today because I'm feeling under the weather.
I was laughing my head off at the way he looked.
Your things are all here.
What do people usually do in the summer around here?
This is the first time I've been here.
There's a good restaurant not too far from here.
What time do you think Tom will get here?
Tom is out, but Mary is here.
Do you like it here?
There are a lot of people here.
Does it often snow in the winter here?
Where did you work before you started working here?
I will never forget to keep sweet thoughts in my heart for my dear professor.
If you were on the ball, this wouldn't have happened.
If she were still alive, Billie Holiday would be today.
I think I'll give this car a go.
Tom was woken by the pealing of bells in a nearby church.
Mary was amazed when Tom ate an orange, peel and all.
Tom ate the orange without peeling it first.
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.
My parents are quarrelling.
My parents quarrel.
Do you need a grater?
"What's that?" "This is a peach."
An actress fainted right in the middle of the play.
He's renting the room.
That wasn't very clever.
We need permission.
He goes to the school every day to learn.
Swimming strengthens the legs.
There are many ways to be happy. The one I most like is being with you.
When do the examinations start?
We are all in the hand of God.
We fed the dog.
I think I'm resolute.
Vegans smell better.
The main advantage of our company is professionalism.
I think that Tim is a suitable candidate for this job.
I am at vocational school.
Sometimes I'm right and sometimes I'm wrong.
My brother likes cars.
I'm not confident about the future.
I will be late.
Tom may have been here earlier today.
I'd like to go home early today.
I don't know why Tom wanted me to be here today.
I don't see why Tom wanted me to be here today.
I wonder why Tom wanted me to be here today.
Tom was one of the first people here today.
Tom said that we should avoid Mary today.
Are you working today?
There is only one towel in our bathroom.
It is impolite, or even gross, to smell food in Tanzania.
I prefer walking by myself.
It is very fast.
There's nobody whose saliva doesn't stink.
The contract should undergo revision every ten years.
Tom's boat sprung a leak and started taking on water.
Tom and Mary were paying each other out at the party last night.
Mary came home and found Tom in bed with her best friend.
Tom couldn't wipe the smile off his face.
So altered was the battle-ground, where thousands upon thousands had been killed in the great fight.
I have just started to study Korean.
I believe that lifelong learning is essential.
I would like to become multilingual.
Being bilingual is the norm.
More than half of the languages spoken in our world today are endangered.
When we lose a language we lose information about culture, society and history.
Nowhere more altered, perhaps, about a hundred years ago, than in one little orchard attached to an old stone house with a honeysuckle porch.
Most countries indulge in a little historical revisionism.
What is cultural appropriation?
How can we best support learners to become balanced bilinguals?
Educators should respect learners' mother tongue.
Our language is an important part of our cultural identity.
One can gain a greater understanding of one's own language through learning another.
I can't imagine how much more colourless life would be without multiple languages.
My experience of the world would be much shallower without the ability to communicate in lots of languages.
We need to give students the tools they need to communciate in a foreign language, not simply teach them rote phrases.
Bilinguals are not just two monolinguals stuck together!
Tatoeba is helping me to procrastinate!
So many languages, so little time...
Where, on a bright autumn morning, there were sounds of music and laughter, and where two girls danced merrily together on the grass, while some half-dozen peasant women standing on ladders, gathering the apples from the trees, stopped in their work to look down, and share their enjoyment.
I know Tom had nothing to do with that.
Can you please repeat that?
I don't think Tom would ever do something like that.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom told me that I shouldn't ever do that.
Tom says he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom knew how to do that.
Tom hasn't actually done that.
I knew we should've done that.
I doubt if Tom would've done that.
I'm not interested in doing that.
I'm glad I didn't have to do that.
I'd like you to show me how to do that.
I think I'll ask Tom to help me do that.
I doubt if Tom would do that.
I don't think we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that.
I don't know if we're going to be able to do that.
I want to know why you did that.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy that.
I think that walruses are cuter than manatees.
I don't like ice cream with caramel on it.
It was a pleasant, lively, natural scene; a beautiful day, a retired spot; and two girls, quite unconstrained and careless, danced in the freedom and gaiety of their hearts.
It was charming to see how these girls danced. They had no spectators but the apple-pickers on the ladders.
They were very glad to please them, but they danced to please themselves (or at least you would have supposed so); and you could no more help admiring, than they could help dancing.
How did they dance! Not like opera-dancers. Not at all. And not like Madame Anybody's finished pupils. Not the least.
I think the nuts have gone rancid.
The number of people suffering from heart disease is on the rise.
Keep an eye on your wallet.
Any interesting book is a good book.
There was a hurried running to and fro, confusion, noise, disorder, and no purpose.
It was not quadrille dancing, nor minuet dancing, nor even country-dance dancing.
Everything between the two girls, and the man and team at plough upon the ridge of land, where they showed against the sky as if they were the last things in the world — seemed dancing too.
At last, the younger of the dancing sisters, out of breath, and laughing gaily, threw herself upon a bench to rest.
The other leaned against a tree hard by.
The apple-pickers on the ladders raised a hum and murmur of applause, and then, in keeping with the sound, bestirred themselves to work again like bees.
The heart and mystery of his philosophy was, to look upon the world as a gigantic practical joke; as something too absurd to be considered seriously, by any rational man.
The difference between them, in respect of age, could not exceed four years at most.
And it was very curious indeed to see the younger sister's eyes suffused with tears, and something fervently and deeply felt, breaking through the wilfulness of what she said, and striving with it painfully.
I can't stand that bloke.
The Doctor never dreamed of inquiring whether his children, or either of them, helped in any way to make the scheme a serious one. But then he was a Philosopher.
Jana is a computer programmer.
She was about thirty years old, and had a sufficiently plump and cheerful face, though it was twisted up into an odd expression of tightness that made it comical.
Jana asked me a question.
Jana is my first love.
You betrayed me and then you escaped.
Why did you come to me?
You must read Rumi's Mathnawi.
You should read Rumi's Mathnawi.
You have to read Rumi's Mathnawi.
But, the extraordinary homeliness of her gait and manner, would have superseded any face in the world.
You mustn't reveal my secrets.
You mustn't reveal Tom's secrets.
To say that she had two left legs, and somebody else's arms, and that all four limbs seemed to be out of joint, and to start from perfectly wrong places when they were set in motion, is to offer the mildest outline of the reality.
To say that she was perfectly content and satisfied with these arrangements, and regarded them as being no business of hers, and that she took her arms and legs as they came, and allowed them to dispose of themselves just as it happened, is to render faint justice to her equanimity.
Her dress was a prodigious pair of self-willed shoes, that never wanted to go where her feet went; blue stockings; a printed gown of many colors, and the most hideous pattern procurable for money; and a white apron.
But, from head to foot she was scrupulously clean, and maintained a kind of dislocated tidiness.
What's shaking?
Once upon a time, it matters little when, and in stalwart England, it matters little where, a fierce battle was fought. It was fought upon a long summer day when the waving grass was green.
Many a wild flower formed by the Almighty Hand to be a perfumed goblet for the dew, felt its enamelled cup filled high with blood that day, and shrinking dropped.
Many an insect deriving its delicate colour from harmless leaves and herbs, was stained anew that day by dying men, and marked its frightened way with an unnatural track.
The painted butterfly took blood into the air upon the edges of its wings. The stream ran red.
The trodden ground became a quagmire...
Heaven keep us from a knowledge of the sights the moon beheld upon that field, when, coming up above the black line of distant rising-ground, softened and blurred at the edge by trees, she rose into the sky and looked upon the plain, strewn with upturned faces that had once at mothers' breasts sought mothers' eyes, or slumbered happily.
Before I go to sleep, I listen to music.
That woman tricked me and stole my money.
What you've written isn't actually wrong, but it leaves out some important facts.
Tom despises lies.
Company policy precludes fraternization between co-workers.
Life is a flame that smothers death.
I like to paint with watercolors.
I'll finish the work five days from now.
Heaven keep us from a knowledge of the secrets whispered afterwards upon the tainted wind that blew across the scene of that day's work and that night's death and suffering!
Interested, he turned to the teacher.
Are there stars with other forms of life on them?
I like to eat a date with almonds.
He had a strong stance on the subject.
Tom fell and hurt his hand.
Tom is one of my best students.
Tom isn't a good student.
Tom is a very good student.
When is the next bus to Park Street?
Tom has a bookstore on Park Street.
I'm meeting Tom for lunch at a restaurant on Park Street.
How do I get to Park Street?
Tom corroborated Mary's story.
Tom closed the store.
What's in this stew?
Where's the train station?
He can run a hundred meters in less than ten seconds.
Many a lonely moon was bright upon the battle-ground, and many a star kept mournful watch upon it, and many a wind from every quarter of the earth blew over it, before the traces of the fight were worn away.
He laid off his secretary.
He fired his secretary.
We didn't want to get in his way.
They lurked and lingered for a long time, but survived in little things; for, Nature, far above the evil passions of men, soon recovered Her serenity, and smiled upon the guilty battle-ground as she had done before, when it was innocent.
Something very similar happened to me!
Crops were sown, and grew up, and were gathered in; the stream that had been crimsoned, turned a watermill.
She might have fooled you, but she won't fool me.
Tom might have fooled you, but he won't fool me!
Really? Are you going to quit?
Men whistled at the plough; [gleaners and haymakers were seen in quiet groups at work;] sheep and oxen pastured; boys whooped and called, in fields, to scare away the birds.
I'm in love with him. I don't care what you think.
This is a thought provoking book.
Smoke rose from cottage chimneys; sabbath bells rang peacefully; old people lived and died.
Do you believe in the spirit world?
Do you believe in spirits?
The timid creatures of the field, the simple flowers of the bush and garden, grew and withered in their destined terms: and all upon the fierce and bloody battle-ground, where thousands upon thousands had been killed in the great fight.
The light is perfect.
I'm in love with her. I don't care what you think.
But, there were deep green patches in the growing corn at first, that people looked at awfully.
I can't remember the last time I saw you so happy.
I can't remember the last time I saw Tom so happy.
Year after year they re-appeared; and it was known that underneath those fertile spots, heaps of men and horses lay buried, indiscriminately, enriching the ground.
The husbandmen who ploughed those places, shrunk from the great worms abounding there.
That's what I told the police.
How can you eat so much?
Tom was wearing a black turtleneck.
The sheaves they yielded, were, for many a long year, called the Battle Sheaves, and set apart.
She threw a pillow at him.
And no one ever knew a Battle Sheaf to be among the last load at a Harvest Home.
You're tall, just like your father.
For a long time, every furrow that was turned revealed some fragments of the fight.
They are fulfilling the commandment to host guests.
They are fulfilling the commandment to take in guests.
She looked at me and said "Hi!"
A boy of seventeen is usually as tall as his father.
They moved in recently.
They moved here recently.
Spring is a pleasant season.
For a long time, there were wounded trees upon the battle-ground; and scraps of hacked and broken fence and wall, where deadly struggles had been made; and trampled parts where not a leaf or blade would grow.
I already feel much better.
For a long time, no village girl would dress her hair or bosom with the sweetest flower from that field of death.
He's the best in his class in English.
I asked him not to drive fast.
To be honest, I don't know.
In fact, I don't know.
Tom and I are going swimming.
What do you have to say about it?
Time has passed very quickly.
I have so many things to tell you.
I got an excellent grade on the test, and that makes me very happy.
Many thanks for your help.
When she was four, she knew how to read.
He sat next to the river.
Do you like playing soccer?
I was glad I was there.
Do you think we'll win?
You mean to say that you know the answer?
Do you think our team will win?
She bought a hairbrush and a toothbrush.
Do you think we have any chance of winning?
Can you tell me what you're talking about?
However, the quantity is not correct.
Tom could read before he started going to school.
What kind of food do you usually eat?
Do you eat breakfast every day?
Do you eat rice every day?
Do you drink coffee every day?
How many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
What do you usually eat for lunch?
If you want that hat, I'll buy it for you.
How often do you go shopping?
Tom told me that he drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
She undressed to take a bath.
You have no idea what that means, do you?
Let's meet in front of the hotel.
Take me to the Hilton Hotel.
Do you know how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Where can I find a hospital?
I still need to finish my homework.
I think I can help Tom with his homework.
Tom should've helped Mary with her homework.
Tom didn't drive Mary home.
I think I'll go home.
When are you coming back home?
Tom was in no particular hurry to get back home.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay at home.
Tom should've stayed at home.
I knew we should've stayed at home.
We go mountain climbing almost every weekend.
Not all people are equal. That's, on one hand, good news because it means that not all people are bad.
I bet only a trace of the world's human population are people with good hearts.
Hommages change customs.
It takes only three minutes for the water to boil.
How horrible! They stoned the man to death.
This is one of the most disagreeable things I've ever seen.
I don't know how to type an inverted question mark using this keyboard.
Very few people aren't afraid of death.
I broke a glass - try not to step on the shards before I clean them up.
I killed him in a fit of rage - it wasn't premeditated.
When she started talking to me about losing her lenses, I had a feeling of déjà vu - it seemed as though she'd told me the story previously.
Subsequently, she started screaming and breaking vases. I, in turn, nonchalantly left the apartment, and went to have tea with Mary.
Nobody likes attention whores.
Mary was annoyed with Tom, and wouldn't return his calls.
Do you have a stopwatch?
How can we go to the beach without beach beds?
Only a few students knew his last name.
She's about my age.
She's more or less my age.
Tom wished Mary was with him.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to study French with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to go back to Boston with him.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary didn't want to go to the dance with him.
I know Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
Tell Tom that I need to talk to him.
Tom started to come in, but Mary stopped him.
I'm going to tell Tom what I really think of him.
Tom said Mary didn't like him.
Tom thought that Mary liked him.
Tom wanted to explain, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom became depressed after Mary left him.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
Tom made me help him.
Tom expected Mary to help him.
I know Tom wants us to help him.
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself with the new towel that Mary had given him.
I want to snooze some more.
Very few passengers survived the accident.
Few passengers survived the accident.
Next month, I'm going to move.
He promised to be here at six.
I have a request, though: Don't make the same mistakes that I did!
However, I ask you not to make the same mistakes that I did.
Which road should I take?
There's something under the table.
The suspect was last seen wearing blue jeans and an orange sweatshirt.
I've written to Tom suggesting that he come stay with us this summer.
Tom said that he and Mary are planning to go to Boston next summer.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next summer.
I think I'll do what you suggested.
Tom was worried that Mary might do something stupid.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting's going to start.
Tom says he doesn't know when the meeting starts.
What time does the movie start?
Tom's budget contained a lot of guesstimates.
You have beautiful lips.
Europa and Enceladus are thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface.
I'm sure your intentions are pure.
She grabbed her purse and left.
Mary grabbed her purse and left.
I thought you would never call.
I thought you'd never call.
He's very charming.
This computer has a floppy disk drive.
He opened the door for her.
I can't believe they hired me!
I can't believe they hired me.
If you have nothing to do, why not read a book?
The surface temperature of the sun is assumed to be about 6000°C.
"Have you ever read a novel by Shakespeare?" "Shakespeare wrote a novel?"
I first used a computer about years ago.
You have really good handwriting.
Tom wrote something on the back of the letter.
Be careful. This knife is really sharp.
"Shall I heat your meal?" "Oh, yes please."
The weather in Boston today is great.
I can't lose!
May I have a look at that?
Is it ok if I ride?
We will never use those.
We'd like a little time to ourselves.
Tom sometimes reads in bed.
Who called a police officer?
My husband is the jealous type.
What time did you go to sleep?
What time did you get to sleep?
Tom was apparently murdered while he was sleeping.
Tom is in his room sleeping.
I think Tom doesn't like to ski.
I don't think Tom likes to ski.
I don't think Tom has any brothers or sisters.
I thought Tom was sick.
What do you think of these shoes?
How much are these shoes?
Tom usually wears white tennis shoes.
Two children played by the house.
Sloth or laziness is one of the seven deadly sins.
Greed blinds men.
The seven deadly sins are: pride, envy, greed, anger, lust, gluttony and sloth.
It's evil to curse.
Has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues?
I'm not slow to forgive, but I remember everything.
Why do you have to put me down all the time?
Don't make me regret it.
You just have to have mercy on my poor wife.
I'm certain that your intentions are honorable.
You have very nice lips.
Tom's budget contained too many rough estimates.
One day, you will understand.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting started.
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu is also known as Japan's Lady Gaga.
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.
Have you read an interesting book lately?
I prefer dogs to cats.
Tom opened the door and let the dog out.
Tom opened the back door to let the dog out.
What time is check out?
Where did you two first meet each other?
Tom and Mary seem to be ignoring each other.
Tom and Mary hardly know each other.
Tom and Mary are obviously in love with each other.
Have you and Tom ever kissed each other?
Here's your order.
When is the museum open?
Tom left the gate open.
When does the bank open?
I need something to write on.
Do you have another one?
Can I get another one?
I see this thing quite differently.
There is wax on the carpet.
It doesn't seem so good.
It doesn't sound so good.
He doesn't seem so well.
I'm from Rome.
I don't think it's funny.
I greased Tom's palm.
We will not be jealous.
You did not believe Mary.
Our parents were still young, and we were three siblings: one boy and two girls.
What is our weather?
Around the city ran a river.
There's no point panicking.
Tom didn't want to rock the boat, so he held his peace.
We aren't sleeping.
Please take your shoes off.
Tom is too old to be living on his own.
Tom went home as soon as the concert was over.
Tom told Mary that their relationship was over.
What time are Tom and Mary coming over?
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Tom promised to let me know how things turned out.
Tom could hear the sound of people outside.
Tom and Mary ate lunch outside.
Tom thought that it must be hot outside.
I told Tom that everything was going to be OK.
Do you go to Boston often?
When are you coming back to the office?
Tom converted his bedroom into an office.
That is a distressing story.
What do you think of this issue?
Do you think I will forgive you?
If you tell me the truth, I'll forgive you.
You know why I'm angry, don't you?
Which car is Tom's?
We agreed.
I think I'll make stew for dinner.
I had to lie to my parents.
Be brave.
We went to the zoo.
Tom said I should go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
Did Tom come with you?
Can we trust you?
I'll never give this to you.
I'm probably braver than you.
Maybe Tom was just trying to help you.
Maybe Tom can help you.
Maybe the clerk can help you.
You know I have no choice, don't you?
You're not sleepy, are you?
I'll stay home and study.
Is he always like this?
"Is he always like this?" "Yeah, he is."
If you want to do it, you can do it.
Don't be embarrassed, Tom.
Everyone laughs at someone who makes a mistake.
I didn't know what time I stop the machine.
Don't put anything on the box.
Tom is deeply in love with his wife.
Tom cut the turkey with an electric knife.
What's going on with you today?
I hear you've been asking questions about me.
Tom always has a smile on his face.
Mary always has a smile on her face.
People don't know how to drive in this town.
People don't know how to drive around here.
Thanks a lot for the advice.
The boys are playing flag football.
You've had plenty of opportunities.
Tom should have been ready at least an hour ago.
Let's drink one more and I'll drive you home.
Panicking won't help.
He left without saying a word.
Everything is just an illusion.
Yeah, something like that.
Why are you just sitting there? Pour the champagne!
We'll leave theory to the mathematicians.
Have you read any interesting books recently?
I gotta go to the hospital.
In the U.S., we say "bless you" to someone when they sneeze.
When I was a child, I enjoyed destroying anthills.
People are dumb animals.
Can you find suitable time for our meeting?
Hebrew is my native language.
Take a leap of faith.
Some people find self-harm comforting.
Self-harm is difficult to understand if you've never felt the need to practice it.
Self-harm is often regarded as an indicator of insanity.
She resorted to self-harm in an attempt to convert her emotional pain into physical pain, expecting that the latter would be more tolerable.
Which one is right?
Nobody likes crybabies.
I no longer feel angry, just resigned.
For fuck's sake!
There are four of us and how many of you are there?
She asked him if she could go home.
Tom was improving his results.
Tom improved his results.
I forgot that I was supposed to be there yesterday.
Did it snow yesterday?
Tom said he saw Mary yesterday.
Tom gave Mary a ride home yesterday.
Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom hit a dog yesterday.
Tom and Mary flew to Boston yesterday.
I didn't see Tom at all yesterday.
Tom heard Mary yelling.
This is the best time of the year.
Tom and I were married to each other for three years.
Tom hasn't been back here for years.
Tom and Mary have been best friends for years.
Tom is planning to study abroad next year.
Tom and Mary are planning to come next year.
Tom passed away last year.
This is the best party I've been to all year.
I kissed him under the mistletoe.
I used the mistletoe as an excuse to kiss him.
I'm looking for my cellphone.
Seventy percent of British people cannot speak a second language.
When you tell people you're depressed, they foolishly assume that you're sad or upset, failing to comprehend how profound an emotion depression truly is.
I'm so jealous!
Unless a nation's existence is in peril, war is murder.
Her clothes were clean but dowdy.
There's a Passover custom to hide half a matzo, which is called "Afikoman", and the child who finds it is entitled to ask for an expensive present in return for it.
That dude is rolling in dough.
What kind of music do you like to listen to when you're driving?
I hate people.
What a load of rubbish!
What did you think of the party?
Seventy percent of the British people don't speak a second language.
I have to impress Tom.
"Oh. You're alive?" "Yes. Where is everyone?" "Dunno."
"Hello, is this an anime channel?" "Yes." "How do I patch KDEunder FreeBSD?"
I had to wait minutes on the phone before reaching the customer service rep.
What time will Tom and Mary be arriving?
What time are Tom and Mary arriving?
I think we'd better do what Tom asks.
Tom soon fell asleep.
Where's an ATM?
Tom doesn't appear to be paying attention.
I think we have some mice in the attic.
Tom and Mary quickly got into their car and drove away.
When do I get my car back?
What time are you coming back?
The kidnappers tied Tom's hands behind his back.
Tom wants Mary back.
According to Dan, Linda committed suicide.
China's growth rate is the fastest in human history.
China has had the fastest economic growth rate in the world in the last decade.
China is a major economic power, with one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
Japan was one of the world's fastest growing economies in the 1980s.
I love your German accent.
I can't blame you for that.
Tom's house is full of toys.
That was just a trailer, the film is yet to come.
That was just the trailer, the movie's yet to come, my friend!
Does a cow have a pink udder?
Does the fact that horses have hooves mean that they have no fingers?
Your sighs are in vain - I will not fulfil your fantasy.
I was the first to read the letter.
Is humankind coming close to its end?
If my mistakes were always corrected, I would learn faster.
Esperanto has no exceptions.
I will learn Esperanto.
What are we after?
I am not looking forward to going to university abroad - I will feel intense nostalgia for my home town.
Beekeepers remove the honeycomb to collect the honey.
Can you introduce yourself in a few words?
The decision is not yet final.
The decision is still not definite.
The escalator suddenly stopped.
They like the rain and the snow.
Because it was raining, he went to the yard to collect the clothes from the clotheslines.
Three hours is a long time to wait.
The name of my country is written without any article.
My mother has a twin.
Goethe, the German poet, about Hafez, the Iranian poet: May the whole world fade away, Hafez, with you, with you alone I want to compete! Let us share pleasure and pain like twins to love like you, to drink like you, this shall be my pride, my life.”
When will human greed end?
That dish with salted pork knuckles is Swiss cuisine.
"I can speak a bit of German. 'Das ist fantastisch!'" "Haha, wunderbar." "Wunderbar." "Even the locals sound better when they speak German, okay?" "Haha, is nobody gonna get my accent?" "No, not really, 'cause, you know..." "To be honest, I only learned my German from watching DVDs when I was younger." "Hahaha, be sure to send me those DVDs!"
Between continents are oceans.
Keep focused on your goals.
This has been the custom for many, many years.
What would happen if I dug straight down there?
He doesn't read his novels.
Today, my secret wish came true.
What percentage of our bodies is water?
He cut the apple in two.
He'd prefer to come tomorrow.
He'd rather come tomorrow.
I'd rather that we break up.
I'd rather that we get a divorce.
We're sweating in this heat.
When you criticize his work, you should take into account his lack of experience.
They greeted us with a smile.
I'll be busy until four.
I have enough.
Yup, I am angry.
Who will you be going to Boston with?
Tom spends too much time at work.
The printer doesn't work.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary worked.
Tom was fired because he often showed up late for work.
Is Tom still working?
When do you get off work?
When do you start work?
Tom wasn't able to get the electric can opener to work.
There may be discussions about it.
She has got a lot of weak points.
Mary has got a lot of weak points.
Do you not want to go dancing?
Would you like to go dancing?
Tom doesn't talk to me about anything anymore.
She doesn't talk to me about anything anymore.
Tom is a sommelier.
Mary wiped her eyes with her apron.
This building belongs to my family.
Will you guys please stop fighting?
Have you told your mother?
I set out early so as to catch the first train.
No kidding, it might work.
All kidding aside, it may work.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
What's your fetish?
Many people, even ones who generally like sex, find fetishes repulsive.
Would you consider being in a relationship with someone who has an odd fetish?
My father used to take me here when I was young­.
We had to drive on narrow roads through hilly terrain.
The terrain on Mars appears very hospitable.
I slipped and fell on the crosswalk, just when the light turned red.
That's a provocative pose.
The fact that you're unable to feel compassion indicates clearly that you're a psychopath.
Man, the architect of this building must have been drunk at the time.
Give us a call when you arrive.
She's being entertained.
She's entertaining herself.
Can I give you the assignment?
I wanted to help you, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to tell you how to do that, but Tom told me not to.
I wanted to tell you where I'd been, but Tom told me not to.
Tom slept much longer than he had planned to.
Who did you send roses to?
I like Tom and he said that he liked me, too.
Something like that happened to me, too.
That was the problem for me, too.
Tom had expected Mary to be there, too.
This could happen to you, too.
I'm not good at fishing.
Tom likes it a lot.
I'll be busy until 2:30.
I don't think Tom has anything to worry about.
I didn't see the accident.
Nobody asked for my advice.
Tom didn't follow my advice.
Tom ignored my advice.
I think I'll ask Tom for some advice.
Tom is no longer afraid.
I think I'll go over to Tom's this afternoon.
I want to know who you were with this afternoon.
How can we prevent this from happening again?
Don't interrupt me again.
I don't think Tom will ever speak to me again.
I fed the dog about an hour ago.
Tom opened the door a crack to let in some fresh air.
I don't want to walk home alone.
Tom and Mary walked out of the room, leaving John alone.
Tom left me alone.
I'm afraid to stay alone.
I've seen this movie at least three times already.
I thought you were a better chess player than me.
That's very annoying.
I don't need to borrow your car anymore.
I don't come here very much anymore.
I think we don't need to do this anymore.
I think I can keep Tom from bothering you anymore.
Aren't you missing anyone?
They don't owe me anything.
You guys are roughly the same age as we are.
Tom knows where you are.
When does Tom arrive?
What time do you think Tom will arrive?
What time do you think you'll arrive?
What time will Tom be arriving?
Tom didn't do what he was asked.
Please give us our money back.
That smells bad.
I love fried bananas.
Tom doesn't have much money in the bank.
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.
Tom isn't even interested in baseball.
Tom found the hat Mary was looking for in the basement.
Do you play basketball?
Tom tried to drown himself in his bathtub.
Tom undressed and got in the bathtub.
Tom went to his room, changed into his pajamas, and got into bed.
Tom made me get out of bed.
Tom wished that Mary would tell him where she'd been.
I want to know where you've been.
Tom was in scintillating form today, and had them rolling in the aisles.
I was putting him down for being smart.
The truck fell off the cliff.
Why must I suffer?
I want a blue, a red and a black pencil.
I'm playing a medieval-themed PC game.
Our city has been experiencing power cuts for six years now.
Would you use a scythe instead of a lawnmower?
Look for the solution he has sent you.
I just don't know where it is right now.
And then Tom came in and he saw me crying.
All of this is stressing me out.
Why did you put leek in the soup? You know I don't like it.
I can fake it.
Do you have wet wipes? I spilled coffee on my pants.
I use wet wipes instead of toilet paper.
I'm just going to use wet wipes, since I can't actually wash my hands yet.
I didn't tell anyone, not even my mother.
Width is one of the basic dimensions.
He used saliva as lubricant.
You're in love with someone else, aren't you?
You have no idea how to do it, do you?
I'll do everything for you.
I'm so sorry I hurt you.
I'm sorry that I hurt you.
I'm only here because of you.
Why should I be afraid of you?
I know that I can count on you.
How much money does Tom owe you?
I'm sorry I was so rude to you.
Nobody wants to work with you.
Tom said he had a great time with you.
The car was turned into scrap.
Guys are obsessed with blowjobs.
I offered him a blowjob, but he said that he wasn't in the mood.
I personally find blowjobs more enjoyable than classical sex.
They are persons with no moral conscience.
I wish I'd planted more lettuce this year.
I didn't go anywhere yesterday.
Tom ran over a dog yesterday.
I didn't do anything special yesterday.
I had lunch with Tom yesterday.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
The band hasn't arrived yet.
My children don't speak French yet.
Dinner isn't ready yet.
Aren't you tired yet?
Mimouna? No, never heard of that.
I always kept my promises.
Is it normal that I haven't slept in three days?
Is it normal if I don't like to step on lines?
None of the candidates achieved the required majority at the first ballot.
The required majority was not achieved by any of the candidates at the first ballot.
Tom already reached the required majority in the first ballot.
Let's get this party started!
Something can't get out of hand.
I forgot to speak with him.
We saw that a nail was stuck in the tyre.
Animals were more sacred than people to the Native Americans.
I was a victim of a pickpocket.
The mayor won the election.
Don't put all your wealth on a boat.
Eating and drinking makes the doctor rich.
You can't argue with an angel.
The poor man eats when he can, but the rich man eats when he wants.
I decided to tell the truth.
I've decided to tell the truth.
It's best to tell the truth.
It's time to tell the whole truth.
My figures don't seem to tally with yours.
It's illegal to give someone else medication that was prescribed for you.
What have you got your knickers in a knot about this time?
My index finger was suddenly itchy.
I listened to Beethoven's piano concertos not only for an hour, but more than that!
Mary wears a heart-shaped locket with a photo of Tom in it.
There is nothing I could do to change it.
How come you know him so well?
The school didn't take place today.
There are holidays soon.
Finish to eat!
Did you like the movie we watched yesterday?
Woof, this was a tough one.
No running around.
This is just my opinion.
You should have let me warn you when I had the chance.
It looks like we're the only ones here today.
Tom and Mary had a picnic by the waterfall.
Tom, it's your mother.
"Do you love her?" "What?" "Do you love her?" "That's none of your business!"
In France they say either "(téléphone) mobile" or "portable", but the latter is ambiguous, because you often cannot tell whether it refers to a telephone, a computer, or another portable device.
The expression "portable" is ambiguous, as you don't know whether it refers to a telephone, a computer, or another portable device.
Nitrous oxide stopped being used as an anaesthetic a long time ago.
She's job hunting.
The outer part of the ear is made of cartilage.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are heated to a comfortable temperature.
I love lentil soup.
Stop being so whiny - you'll start to get on everyone's nerves.
He's such a whiner - he's still ranting about how his job is too difficult and how his wife is mean to him.
He broke his pelvis when he fell off the ladder.
The ship is turning toward the port.
The new sports complex is nice and big.
It's about the last film of Andrei Tarkovsky.
Germans mustn't help them.
The German government mustn't help them.
The children drew pictures on the sidewalk with chalk.
Tom couldn't get Mary to tell him what was wrong.
Tom said he didn't know what was wrong.
When did you realize that you were wrong?
We've got to figure out what's wrong.
I thought you stopped dating him.
I thought you'd stopped dating Tom.
I thought Tom had stopped dating Mary.
I know that I have a date, but I'm not sure who it's with.
Freegans are people who employ alternative strategies for living based on limited participation in the conventional economy and minimal consumption of resources.
Freegans embrace community, generosity, social concern, freedom, cooperation, and sharing in opposition to a society based on materialism, moral apathy, competition, conformity, and greed.
After years of trying to boycott products from unethical corporations responsible for human rights violations, environmental destruction, and animal abuse, many of us found that no matter what we bought we ended up supporting something deplorable.
We came to realize that the problem isn't just a few bad corporations but the entire system itself.
Freeganism is a total boycott of an economic system where the profit motive has eclipsed ethical considerations and where massively complex systems of productions ensure that all the products we buy will have detrimental impacts most of which we may never even consider.
Thus, instead of avoiding the purchase of products from one bad company only to support another, we avoid buying anything to the greatest degree we are able.
The word freegan is compounded from "free" and "vegan".
Vegans are people who avoid products from animal sources or products tested on animals in an effort to avoid harming animals. Freegans take this a step further by recognizing that in a complex, industrial, mass-production economy driven by profit, abuses of humans, animals, and the earth abound at all levels of production (from acquisition to raw materials to production to transportation) and in just about every product we buy.
Sweatshop labor, rainforest destruction, global warming, displacement of indigenous communities, air and water pollution, eradication of wildlife on farmland as “pests”, the violent overthrow of popularly elected governments to maintain puppet dictators compliant to big business interests, open-pit strip mining, oil drilling in environmentally sensitive areas, union busting, child slavery, and payoffs to repressive regimes are just some of the many impacts of the seemingly innocuous consumer products we consume every day.
Freegans employ a range of strategies for practical living based on our principles; these include waste reclamation, waste minimization, eco-friendly transportation, rent-free housing, going green and working less.
I'm not a baby anymore.
I'm not a baby anymore!
Go to your room and don't come out until I say so!
Tom was completely shocked.
There is nothing more to say!
There is nothing left to say!
I was completely shocked by Tom's accusation.
She has a bee in her bonnet about arriving on time.
It was totally random.
I was really curious.
He's thinking really hard.
She's thinking really hard.
Do you have the time to listen to me?
The recommended tyre pressure of the average car is around psi.
Every child needs a father or a father figure in their life.
Tom might have cancer.
Tom's father sees every situation in black and white and is, as a result, very intolerant and inflexible.
The world would be lonely without you.
Thoroughly preparing for a job interview increases the chances of getting the job.
A young girl is chased by an old man.
They could lead.
When he fell he attracted a dog.
I performed your task.
You know, you are nothing to me now, Mary!
I finally found out what happened.
Success! Soon, anybody can start learning Klingon!
The blood seeped through my pantleg, and everyone knew I was wounded.
I cut off a part of my pantleg and used it as bandage.
Your pantlegs are too long - you'll probably trip.
Boys are the source of all problems in the world.
He wanted very much to become a teacher of Spanish.
The terrorist group was responsible for the bomb explosion outside the embassy.
She didn't put any cheese in her pasta dish.
Curry powder is composed of several spices.
The ambassador died suddenly.
New Year's arriving.
Watch out! It's a trap!
Mary would've loved to be able to play with children her age.
After doing my first workout at the gym, my body ached so much that I felt like a paralytic.
Whistling is to produce a high-pitched sound by making an O with the lips.
I negotiated the price.
I'm washing dishes.
She's washing dishes.
He's washing dishes.
We're washing dishes.
They're washing dishes.
I need tools.
You are washing dishes.
Do you know what is the first cause of discrimination in Italy?
A space is missing before the colon.
It is kind of good, but fit for nothing.
I want to go to the park.
Thank you for inviting me here.
I should call you.
You are acting like a three-year-old child.
I was so nervous that she would catch sight of me.
Taxis are expensive.
After a hectic few days at work, Tom is looking forward to a change of pace.
"This video is a pretty accurate representation of the brony/anti-brony bickering common in our fandom that both sides blow out of proportion." "Truer words have never been said."
I haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about.
Don't talk to me while I'm talking.
Sentence mixing is funny.
Word splicing is funny.
"Your Majesty, here I come — uh-oh, ah!" "Ow! You shitface! You crashed into me!" "Has your face been harmed? I'm sorry." "No shit, Sherlock! Look at my face." "Your face looks fine to me." "It hurts." "Whatever." "Fix my face." "..." "Fix it!" "Whatever."
I like to swim in the afternoon.
Tom came home very tired this afternoon.
You should come back here again.
Tom wants to get married again.
My parents don't know where I am.
I didn't want to mislead anyone.
I didn't want to talk to anyone.
You don't need to keep anything.
Are you sure you really don't need anything?
The neighbor didn't see anything.
You are difficult and easy, pleasant and bitter at the same time; I can't live with or without you.
He went on board the plane.
I haven't received any answer yet.
I haven't got any reply so far.
I'm not in a mood to see you today.
Today, I'm not in a mood to see you.
Can you vent your anger on someone else?
Vent your anger on someone else, will you?
You're about to cry.
I was so happy that I forgot to offer my thanks.
"Quiet," he whispered.
Where is the hammer?
I was so happy that I forgot to thank you.
I was so happy that I forgot to thank them.
My Thunderbird sorts notification e-mails from Tatoeba into three different folders without my having asked it to do so.
You've already eaten the cake?
My purse was stolen on the bus.
The climate has a big effect on our health.
All you need to do is trust each other.
"This tape is ruined. It's also the last." "Objection! There's gotta be another one out th—" "Get real, Your Majesty." "I'm going to 'Blockbuster'." "There is no store that provides tapes anymore. You're screwed." "Oah!"
I suspected she was dangerous.
She looked like an angel.
She stared at her reflection in the mirror.
Try not to forget anything.
I woke up just after 2:30.
What are you doing here anyway?
Tom always likes to joke around.
I'll go out there and look around.
The children soon fell asleep.
Why did you leave Australia?
I like walking around barefoot.
I don't like beer.
Tom said he didn't like beer.
Tom said he didn't like the taste of beer.
We've known each other for so many years.
How many years is it now that we've known each other?
Don't just take my word for it.
Tom drinks between three and six coffees a day.
Wolfgang is a baker in a small village in Germany.
This is so confusing.
Tom was not just interested in Mary's musical abilities.
You only get one life.
Did he actually say that to you?
I only ate one granola bar.
There's room for improvement.
There's still room for improvement.
The writer is writing.
They say she died.
They say she's dead.
How do you form the plural of nouns?
How do you make nouns plural?
Short sentences are better.
I voluntarily give up my salary.
Can you write?
It's extremely ugly.
It's unusually ugly.
It's the only waterfall in this mountain range.
The situation seems hopeless.
When I saw all that, I could only shake my head in silent resignation.
The soup is hot.
Tom has tribal tattoos on his thighs.
She paged through the magazine.
What is the jacket made of?
From what material is the jacket made?
My one wish is that the world could have an international language.
Those who ignore rather than fulfill their need for sleep will soon encounter serious effects on their health.
Any further discussion is pointless.
No further discussion is necessary.
That cannot be denied.
No one can deny that.
The Large Hadron Collider is the world's largest particle accelerator.
When did he leave for Mongolia?
Your children are very well behaved.
Who should we believe?
I wish you two the best.
Which is the best?
Maybe Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Tom borrowed my bike.
Tom refused to pay his bills.
I'd like to give Tom something special for his birthday.
I got a telescope for my birthday.
Let's rest a little bit.
Let it be a sweet sound in your ears.
I didn't finish reading that book.
It was boring.
Do you have a flashlight I can borrow?
Tom asked me if I had a black tie he could borrow.
What's in that bottle?
Tom took off his hat and bowed.
I don't want to go bowling.
Some of the girls in our class don't have boyfriends.
We have two girls and one boy.
We have two daughters and one son.
I can't even.
I'm afraid of asking her to dance and being turned down.
"Why are you studying Hungarian?" "Because it's there."
I am Bulgarian.
You're pushing me.
Spices improve dishes.
I am no bird, and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being with an independent will.
The mistakes are mine.
The Lebanese student and her friends wrote books.
Tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on Mary's parents.
"You must not like sashimi, right?" "What do you mean? I love sashimi!"
Tom said he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom wants to come to Boston with us.
Tom wants to come with us to Boston.
When are you coming back to Boston?
Tom wanted to take Mary with him to Boston.
Tom said he didn't often go to Boston.
Tom is coming with us to Boston.
Tom has decided to move to Boston.
Tom didn't come with us to Boston.
Tom can't come with me to Boston.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary are planning to move to Boston.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are moving to Boston.
How many miles is it to Boston?
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go to Boston with him.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go with him to Boston.
Tom hasn't actually ever been to Boston.
Tom bought some land near Boston.
Did Tom like Boston?
When did you arrive in Boston?
Tom works at a computer company in Boston.
Tom told us about what he did in Boston.
Tom wants to buy a house in Boston.
Tom sold his house in Boston.
Tom said he had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom has sold his house in Boston.
Tom bought a nice house in Boston.
I've spent most of my life here in Boston.
I knew we should've stayed in Boston.
I forgot that Tom used to live in Boston.
How long will Tom be in Boston?
Tom packed all of his things into his car and left for Boston.
Tom talked about Boston.
Tom says he doesn't know much about Boston.
How am I supposed to do this?
Where's the hammer?
You made it look easy.
He made it look easy.
She made it look easy.
If you don't pay the rent in five days, you'll be evicted.
Mary whispered something in Tom's ear.
When is Cheryl’s birthday?
That's only a temporary solution.
It's only a temporary solution.
Tom made it look easy.
I don't know if we're going to be able to make it to Boston for Christmas.
I think I'll stay in Boston for a few more days.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Boston with Mary.
Tom should've gone to Boston with Mary.
We'll be in Boston for three months.
I wasn't even in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
Tom said Boston is a nice place.
Tom said Boston is a nice place to live.
Tom said Boston is a nice place to visit.
We weren't even in Boston at that time.
I really don't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom went to Boston for a week.
Tom may have been in Boston with Mary last week.
How cold is it in Boston right now?
Tom relapsed into using heroin.
I don't want to go Boston with Mary.
How much money do you earn a month?
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.
I hear you're well paid.
Where's the mail box?
There are some apples in that box.
Do you have any idea what's in the box?
I wonder what I'll find in the box.
I wonder what's in the box.
What do you think is in the box?
What'll I find in the box?
I slept on the bus.
Tom wasn't able to sleep on the bus.
"Gee, it sure is boring around here." "My boy, this peace is what all—" "Here I come! Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized the island of Koridai." "Hmm. How can we—" "It is written: only Link can defeat Ganon." "So how can we—" "Great! I'll grab my sword!" "There is no sword." "Huh?" "There is no sword!" "..." "Here is a skull axe." "No." "How about an oh-my-goodness spear?" "No." "How about smoke bombs?" "No." "Well damn, how about this pistol?" "Yeah!"
Tom made a list of things he needed to buy.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary wanted him to buy.
Should I call you a cab?
Please tell Tom Mary called.
Please tell Tom that Mary called.
Let's sit down and discuss it calmly.
Tom pretended to be Canadian.
Tom's wife is Canadian.
Tom isn't really Canadian.
Tom said Mary was Canadian.
"I wonder what's for supper." "What? How about dinner?" "No. What's dinner?" "Oh you piece of shit. All true warriors eat dinner!" "Hmm? I wonder what 'dinner' means." "Oh you—" "Enough! Zelda, what is dinner?" "You've got to be kidding." "Fuck you! Ganon, what is dinner?" "You must first join me." "Hell no. Duke Onkled, what is dinner?" "Oh please." "Mama Luigi, what is dinner?" "Well, like they say in Brooklyn: early to bed, early to catch the worm. Or, is it the bagel?" "What? Enough is enough, what the fuck is dinner?!" "Okay, okay. Here, have this dictionary." "Hmm... Dinner... What? Dinner is supper?" "Yeah!"
This sentence is composed of seven words.
Tom and his mates went on a pub crawl and all ended up pretty drunk.
Tom fell over and landed flat on his face.
A chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon.
Tom lived in his car for a while after he broke up with Mary.
The company lost a lot of corporate memory when it retrenched a number of middle managers.
The graphic description of the victim's murder was too much for his mother, who ran out of the court in tears.
The city's crime rate is high due to the police's lousiness.
Thomas thinks he's the center of the world. He's very egocentric.
Why do cows ruminate?
Jasmine and lavender are my favorite scents.
Chavacano is a Spanish-based creole language.
"Later" is a lie.
If I lift that piano, I'll get hernia.
He's in bed because he has a hernia.
Why is this light blinking?
Tom pretended to be busy.
They're very busy.
Tom saw that Mary was busy.
I still need to buy some bread.
The TV is broken.
Bring me my cane.
I'm doing everything I can.
I don't feel like playing cards.
I have to think this over carefully.
There was a pile of pinecones under the tree.
The girl is writing.
The girl is Irish.
Studying languages is my biggest fascination and hobby.
An Irish girl is writing.
The Irish girl, who is writing in Irish, is a writer.
I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan; you have been very pleasant to me. Your love to me was wonderful, surpassing the love of a woman.
How could you be so careless?
Tom wants to buy a Japanese car.
Tom borrowed my car.
Tom wasn't the one who borrowed my car.
Where can I park my car?
I'm very happy with my new car.
Tom saw both Mary and John getting out of their cars.
Tom and Mary got into their car.
I really like that car.
I don't like cats.
I'll be back next week.
I've got lost in the forest.
It looks like the question was too easy for you. Next time, I'll have to make it a bit harder.
It's a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
Tom knows that I lied to him.
He was really cute and I liked him a lot.
He was really cute and I liked him a lot. But then he broke up with me.
I thought that my father was going to kill me.
I thought that my mother was going to kill me.
I asked him if I could talk to him in private.
I asked Tom if I could talk to him in private.
I asked Mary if I could talk to her in private.
She probably didn't have sex with him.
He probably didn't have sex with her.
I took a pregnancy test, but it was negative.
I haven't spoken with him since the incident.
This is the perfect Mother's Day gift.
This is the perfect Father's Day gift.
I saw Tom going into the cave.
Nothing's been changed.
Maybe Tom should've stayed with the children.
Tom loves chocolate.
I still think this is the best choice.
Tom sits behind Mary in French class.
Tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class.
Maybe Tom should pay more attention in class.
Tom stopped me from leaving the classroom.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
It's simple, but beautiful.
There's no way of telling what the future will hold.
I learned something today.
I learned something today, but I don't remember what it was.
That's what I really want.
That's what I really want... I think.
I've never seen him around here.
I've never seen her around here.
Mary goes to the spa each week.
Do not feed the ducks.
Drinking alcohol on the street or in parks is illegal in most of the United States.
This has got to be a joke.
If you don't have the vocabulary, grammar isn't going to help.
I loved only Mary.
The European Parliament is acting hypocritically.
Deportation and genocide are two different things.
If the Ottoman Empire had committed genocide against the Armenians, they would not have a country now called Armenia.
France, Belgium, USA, Germany and Australia had committed genocides.
I hate two-faced communities.
I hate hypocritical communities.
I hate insincere organisations like UN and the European Parliament.
Institutions mustn't tell lies.
The French have a reputation for cheating on their spouses.
Tom needs some new clothes.
Who's the new head coach?
Tom said he didn't drink coffee.
Tom handed Mary a cup of hot coffee.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like a cup of coffee.
Tom didn't even have enough money to buy a cup of coffee.
Tom didn't even offer Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom handed Mary a cup of coffee.
I smell coffee.
Tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee.
I pretended to have an affair on purpose because I was angry with you and Mary but in truth I only loved Mary.
I will always love Mary.
I can't forget Mary.
I am monogamous.
I have waited for Mary to love me since March 2010.
The second-person plural, informal Spanish imperative ending for verbs ending in "ar" is "ábais" while the Portuguese is "áveis".
Tom doesn't keep his room very clean.
Tom's room wasn't clean.
The post office is closed.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and locked him up in a closet.
Tom roomed with John in college.
Did Tom go to college?
I wish I could let Tom know we're coming.
Tom wants to know when you're coming.
I'm tired of your comments.
I don't think Tom and Mary have anything in common.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much in common.
I waited for Tom for a long time.
I've been waiting for Tom for a long time.
Michael is a man's name, but Michelle is a woman's name.
Here is our guarantee.
This sentence is not correct.
I don't understand this phrase despite it being in my mother tongue.
Keep speaking, because you speak well.
The man is in the kitchen.
Can you resume from the thirtieth bar?
Let me make myself crystal clear.
If I make an exception for you, everyone will expect the same treatment.
Tom didn't expect Mary to react like she did.
Things came to a head at the weekend when Tom found out that Mary had been having an online affair.
That child of yours needs a good talking to.
Do I really need to write it explicitly?
Is that me?
How long do you intend to spend at the library?
The constant, high-pitched ringing in Tom's ears is driving him crazy.
He was having fun.
Do you know the people who live here?
Thanks, you do understand me!
They pretend to pay and we pretend to work.
Chavacano songs have recently been gaining popularity.
I wish to make a complaint.
I've got Tom's address somewhere on my computer.
Tom spends too much time on the computer.
I won't be able to attend the conference.
You seem confident.
Tom is a very good cook.
I miss my mom's cooking.
I really miss my mom's cooking.
Tom sat on a stool in the corner.
Do you know how much it costs?
Tom caught chlamydia from Mary.
"I am broccoli and I look like a tree!" "I am a walnut and I look like a brain!" "I am a mushroom and I hate this game!"
This is not blue; it is violet.
Purple sharks are dangerous animals.
My pet bird chirped all night long.
Let's go to that fancy restaurant for dinner instead of lunch.
The infamous female burglar was never caught.
Every good restaurant has vegetarian options.
This dam has generated a lot of electricity.
I used to be really cis, but by now I've become pretty genderqueer.
I have not heard anything to that affect
Tom did everything he could.
Tom would help us if he could.
This is one of the best schools in the country.
Tom opened the window a crack.
I wonder why my computer crashed.
Let's go out for ice cream.
They treated me like a criminal.
Tom could see that Mary was crying.
Tom could tell that Mary had been crying.
I'm trying not to cry.
It is unwise to keep two snakes in one tank.
I don't like the texture of raisins.
Last year, the whole company traveled to Italy for business.
Mary claimed that her purse had been stolen.
Brazil's population is much larger than that of other Portuguese-speaking countries.
Success is not possible without diligent work.
Tom knows better than to go out alone after dark.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't walk alone after dark.
The sky's getting darker.
Tom has been watching TV all day.
Tom takes the kids to the school every day.
Can you stay for a few days?
Stay with us for a few days.
Why don't you stay with me for a few days?
You should stay here a few days.
Tom has been absent from school for three days.
I wish it had never happened.
I went to see a movie with Tom after work.
I went to see a movie with Tom after school.
I'm dying to know.
I can't get this song out of my head.
"Is he cute?" "Really cute."
You look suspicious.
Mary is very cute.
How's your dad?
I remember the way you used to dance.
Tom claims he shot Mary in self-defense.
This orange is really delicious.
Maybe Tom didn't do what everyone says he did.
Is Tom aware of what Mary did?
First, let's talk about what Tom did.
Most of the plants died.
The leech sucked his blood.
He's a gigolo.
Tom told me that Mary was on a diet.
Can you feel the difference?
Tom had expected something quite different.
Tom doesn't often do his homework before dinner.
Bring the kids home for dinner.
Tom invited Mary to join him and his family for dinner.
Tom said Mary was coming over for dinner.
What did you cook for dinner?
Tom didn't do the dishes.
There's only one copy of this document.
He has no moral values.
She unbraided her hair.
She's so impetuous; I wish she would consider things before acting.
She always gives me such an effusive welcome when I visit her.
Tom seemed self-conscious and uncomfortable when he had to make the announcement at the party.
The teacher said Mary was a well-balanced child who got on well at school.
Tom is such a diffident man. He seems to have quite low self-esteem.
Water pipes are cylinders.
How do you find the volume of a cylinder?
He left me in the lurch.
Ignorance smothers like a noose.
I like doing stretching exercises at dusk.
We kissed each other on a December night.
The husband and his wife drink tea.
Mary usually has a few glasses of wine while cooking dinner.
The hallmark of a sociopath is a lack of empathy.
Tom and I were kids together.
Mary knew that she was developing a problem when her usual five o'clock drink started happening at twelve o'clock.
Thank God that day's over.
I am not good at German at all.
I hope you and Tom won't be too disappointed.
I hope you won't be too disappointed.
Tom wants to be a doctor.
Tom can speak French better than you think he does.
Tom is obviously very good at what he does.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom does.
Tom looked out the window and saw Mary playing with her dog.
Tom and Mary met when they were both walking their dogs.
Tom hardly ever does what he says he'll do.
I hope Tom isn't doing something he isn't supposed to be doing.
My little toe hurts.
I'm a vegan.
Do you also do vegan dishes?
At least there was one vegan spread.
I know exactly what needs to be done.
I've already told Tom what needs to be done.
Tom heard footsteps outside his door.
Tom wiped his feet on the doormat.
Tom didn't open the door.
Tom went into his room and shut the door.
Tom went to his study and locked the door.
Tom would've been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
Has Tom calmed down?
Tom went back to his room and lay down.
The snow impaired Mustafa’s ability to hear anyone’s footsteps.
Should we force it upon you?
My favourite show is "Desperate Housewives".
I've got an exam in a few minutes, and I'm going to fail for sure.
How's your daughter?
First, let's talk about what Tom needs to do.
I knew exactly what to do.
I want you to tell Tom what to do.
Maybe Tom has already done what he was supposed to do.
I wish I could do that as well as you do.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to do.
If you know what needs to be done, please go ahead and do it.
Tom showed me a drawing of Mary that he drew.
When I was younger, I always travelled as a hitchhiker.
These days it is not a good idea to hitchhike. It can be dangerous.
Some cruise ships have too many passengers.
Can you play the drums?
Tom couldn't believe that Mary would really do something that dumb.
Tom is now on duty.
Who invented dynamite?
Tom should've told us about that earlier.
Tom asked if he might go home early.
Tom rarely comes home so early.
If someone has sharpened blades in their hand, no matter the length, or their training, they always are a threat.
Since communism became obsolete and the dictatorship of the proletariat is out of date, capitalism proves to be the best so far, even though it itself is still a threat for humanity.
A certain someone is being awfully fragile today.
I won't be at home at all today.
I'll be in and out all day, so it might be best if you call around after dinner.
There are people who are afraid of spiders.
The angry crowd clambered around the police van shouting insults at the suspected paedophile inside it.
I just wish I'd never got involved with you.
I wish I'd never gotten involved with you.
My ID card has expired, what should I do?
You might learn how to swim.
Who was your French teacher?
Tom thinks you're good at French, but I know you're not.
Tom spoke with Mary in French.
Tom and Mary only speak French to their children.
Tom and Mary have decided not to talk to their children in French anymore.
Tom and Mary agreed not to talk to their children in French.
My children don't speak French.
I think I can probably speak French better than Tom.
I never claimed that I could speak French.
French is the only foreign language that Tom knows.
French is the only foreign language I've ever studied.
He's a pediatrician.
What's the official language of Tunisia?
Tom had a second-hand car which was barely roadworthy.
She drove with skill and experience.
Money is the god of the human race.
Bill resisted the temptation.
Can you translate this for me?
Can you throw that away for me?
Can you hold this for me?
Can you carry this for me?
Could you sharpen my knife for me?
Do you still feel something for me?
Tom has finally forgiven me.
I realized it wasn't for me.
Please wait for me.
Take care of the kids for me.
Solving this problem is simple.
Everything is going to be different now.
Is mankind coming close to its end?
I just wish I'd never gotten involved with you.
The Cyrillic alphabet takes up more space than the Latin one.
Amber preserves insects that get trapped in it.
I can't understand how she can be so fair when her brother is swarthy.
All of you are cretins.
He's a twat. I can't listen to his nonsense anymore.
Only a halfwit would say something like that.
Based on the way he formulated his arguments, one could tell that he was a simpleton.
Many partisans died in that battle.
In the forest, monkeys were climbing down from the canopies.
They stood under the canopy in front of the store, so as to avoid the rain.
Beautiful poppies were growing beside the road.
We made a cake and we put poppy seeds inside.
There's something wrong with her thyroid gland.
Glands secrete chemical substances into the body.
The duodenum is a section of the small intestine.
His paralysis is progressing, and soon he won't be able to get out of bed.
The olm is my favourite animal, due to its grotesque appearance.
I wish I knew it.
I'd love to know that.
God, what's wrong with me today?
Now I'll be taking charge here.
The food at that restaurant is too greasy for me.
Tom filled out the application for me.
Tom always does that for me.
My wife is hiding something from me.
Tom will definitely help me.
Why do you close your eyes when you kiss me?
Get off of me.
You know you can count on me.
Who are you going to believe, Tom or me?
Tom didn't remember me.
When would you like to meet?
Where would you like to meet?
When do you want to meet?
I love the flowers you sent me.
Someone left you a message.
How often do you check your messages?
Tom and Mary were only thirteen when they first met.
I think that Tom lied to me.
It sounds very strange to me.
My kids don't usually lie to me.
The nurses were very nice to me.
Tom didn't want to sit next to me.
I don't think I was followed.
I don't think you were followed.
I don't think we were followed.
We're Hungarians.
I have four children.
I am not married yet.
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
He has enormous potential.
Soap can clean grime.
His pride prevented him from asking others for help.
They helped each other do homework.
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.
Do it again, the same as last time.
The audience seems to feel bored.
Do you feel bored?
I want to eat something tasty.
I want to become rich.
So tasty!
The Island of Taiwan's surface area is thirty-six thousand square kilometers.
He is the odd one of the family.
"Aren't you going to eat the spinach?" "I'll eat it later."
When riding the escalator, please hold the handrail and stand inside the yellow line.
A kitten was born.
I didn't know tofu was this tasty.
Wine helps with digestion.
I will help him to the best of my ability.
Tom, what happened? Why are you crying?
Excuse me, do you know where the economics department library is?
The per capita consumption of rice of Japanese people is about half of what it was fifty years ago.
I don't get modern jazz.
Have you been crying all night? Your eyes are all puffy.
He always drinks black coffee.
Tom is no longer a lazy child.
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal.
Tom always drinks his coffee black with no sugar.
Tom didn't say a word to me.
Tom didn't keep his promise to me.
You were very rude to me.
No one warned me.
They started the meeting without me.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
Tom is now very angry with me.
Who wants to come with me?
Would you like to have lunch with me?
She always arrives early.
Tom is the tallest boy on our football team.
She stabbed him with a golden trident.
The horse had to be broken in before it could be ridden.
Translations are like lovers- the beautiful ones are never faithful, and the faithful ones are never beautiful.
Eighty percent of communication is non-verbal.
Are you still marinating the vegetables?
Do you think that foreplay is an important part of sex?
What do you and your boyfriend usually do for foreplay?
He ejaculated while we were still having foreplay.
That's the first option.
He's brought the books that I needed.
He has a painting of Jesus Christ in the living room.
Stop being a fan of Miley Cyrus!
You will never enter heaven unless you give up all your riches, position, and earthly ties.
Donate your money to the poor and you'll have treasure in heaven.
Robot voices are really creepy to me.
The kid is watching some lustful Miley Cyrus video.
How long will you remain in Boston?
On Monday, I'm going to visit my sister in Boston.
This time tomorrow, we'll be in Boston.
Three years ago, I was in Boston.
I was in Boston three years ago.
Tom also has a house in Boston.
We want to buy a house in Boston.
I won't let Tom go to Boston.
Tom didn't want us to come to Boston.
Love is nature's way of tricking people into reproducing.
She bears a striking resemblance to Ingrid Bergman, one of the great cinema beauties.
I'm surprised you find Tom unfriendly. He's always been perfectly friendly to me.
Your behaviour was totally out of order.
I wouldn't trust Mary an inch.
Your essay was not bad but I have a few minor niggles.
How did you manage to overlook such a glaring error?
The president said, "I don't give a fuck."
A sincere opinion would interest me.
Does the soup taste good?
I'm against marriage.
Though tears may flow down your face, I won't look back.
Don't worry, I'll do it.
It was a lot more expensive than I thought it would be.
This is a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
This is a lot harder than I thought it would be.
She has most peciluar ideas which surprise everybody.
I forbid you to speak with anyone about what just happened.
I haven't spoken with Tom since that happened.
You can blame me for what happened.
This is the secret of true happiness.
Tom will make you happy.
I really like the sound of a harpsichord.
I'd like to learn to play the harp.
Whose are these?
What do you think about the films that we saw yesterday?
This novel is his greatest opus, in my opinion.
What did you think of the movies we saw yesterday?
We ate swordfish.
He keeps his clothespins in a bucket.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd left his umbrella.
Tom didn't remember where he'd left his umbrella.
Where did you put my umbrella?
I'm glad that the rain has stopped.
Do you think it's going to rain tomorrow?
I don't like ice cream.
Can I go swimming after noon?
I must work tonight.
I really like being alone.
Persian's not hard.
Persian is not hard.
Have you ever been in Tehran?
Did everyone go crazy?
Go choke!
I'm doing good, thank you!
I am doing well, thank you.
Must I clean the room?
Can you get that?
I'm good, how 'bout you?
I'm good, how are you?
Meat or fish?
The more the better.
The faster, the better.
No man wants me. I'll have to become a cat lady.
If you watch past season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer without me, I'm going to kill you.
Do you think I care what you think of me?
I dislocated my ankle, and I also broke my tibia and fibula bones.
I'm on crutches for the next month.
I have been lying around the house like a decrepit old bag of onions since I broke my leg.
It just goes to show that you only know who your true friends are when you're dying on a hospital table having your extremities snapped this way and that.
G-Dragon is my future husband. He may not know it yet, but it's set in stone.
My dad has been taking care of me for the past month.
My dad has been juggling working full-time at home, taking care of me, and taking care of the dog, all at the same time.
I thought that I would feel better if I got some closure after the break-up. But talking to him just made it worse.
My roommate is years old, and didn't know what a clitoris was until a few weeks ago. He thinks that his lack of knowledge is self-explanatory because he is gay, but I don't buy it. I think it just goes to show how shitty the public education system is here.
I stayed awake until morning.
I stayed awake 'till the morning.
People around the whole world speak English.
A nice book would be better!
Despite the rain we went out.
I need one apple.
In spite of everything, he came.
You came despite my ban.
He succeeded despite several obstacles.
We took a walk despite the rain.
He came out, even though it rained.
No two snowflakes are identical, or at least no one has found them yet.
When Tom was a kid, he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him.
Can I give you some friendly advice?
What was your name again? You did tell me, but it went in one ear and out the other, I'm afraid.
Why didn't you bring an umbrella?
I should have brought an umbrella.
Tom divorced his second wife last year.
You're still working part time at a bakery?
He's tall, famous, and rich.
There are people that are afraid of spiders.
I'm sorry for my terrible French. I'm still a beginner.
I took one step outside with my crutches, and I slipped and almost died. Realizing my mistake of trying to venture outside while the groud was wet, I took one more step in, and again, I slipped and almost died.
This was a premeditated crime.
I am not connected to this crime in any way.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
I didn't see Tom at Mary's party.
How was last night's party?
When's the last ferry?
Let's meet in front of the library.
Tom interviewed Mary.
I'm pretty happy.
I've always been interested in botany.
I'm glad you got home safely.
We're happy that Tom arrived home safely.
I watched a documentary about sushi.
It takes sushi chefs two years just to learn how to prepare rice.
This Japanese chef only uses traditional Japanese knives.
The rooms are heated only when they are used.
I've never been to Micronesia.
Tuna can swim very fast.
Tuna have a hydrodynamic body.
ENERGY STAR is a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) voluntary program that helps businesses and individuals save money and protect our climate through superior energy efficiency.
Families and companies across America are improving the energy efficiency of their homes and businesses with help from ENERGY STAR in ways that cost less and help the environment.
An ENERGY STAR clothes washer uses about percent less energy and percent less water than a standard washer used years ago.
You can reduce your home's heating and cooling costs through proper insulation and air sealing techniques.
There are sushi restaurants in almost every country in the world.
Our energy bills are extremely high.
This sushi restaurant has a conveyor belt that carries sushi.
If you don't get a job soon, we're breaking up.
I had never eaten sushi before.
Tom is a renowned chef.
I grew up in a little town.
When I was young, we could swim in the river.
Nowadays, Japanese people rarely wear kimonos.
I just want to make enough money to feed my family.
I just want to do something fun.
It is possible that we will not be able to eat tuna in the future.
Do you accept Jesus Christ as your personal Savior?
Tom is a sushi lover.
I like going to the aquarium.
Bluefin tuna can live up to years.
It's possible that we won't be able to eat tuna in the future.
Mary likes fashion and makeup.
What college do you study in?
I was not lonely.
Mary is the kind of inveterate traveller who will probably never settle down in one place.
In countries like Norway or Finland, in winter there's a lot of snow.
I'm a little girl, I don't go to school. Buy me sandals, I'm getting married.
I cannot lift such a heavy car.
His reputation was at stake.
Marzipan pigs do not grunt.
I'm also interested in Greek mythology.
Where's the pharmacy?
We tried not to get in Tom's way.
I'd be curious to know what Tom has to say.
I'm going to play chess with Tom today.
I'll be a little late today.
Don't let Tom go outside today.
Don't be late for the meeting tomorrow.
I've already told Tom that he doesn't need to come here tomorrow.
Tom is going with me tomorrow.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a car.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.
This is where Tom usually parks his car.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
My sister and I went to the castle.
You didn't hang your coat behind the door.
Esperantists are our friends.
There are only esperantists there.
... Otherwise it is (or will be) hard to avoid a counterproductive situation.
The Russian nightingales are even singing this year exclusively for glorification of the Great Victory.
Tom said he saw Mary sitting in the park by herself.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary anything about himself.
Tom is quite capable of looking after himself.
Tom thought he probably shouldn't go there by himself.
Maybe Tom should quit before he hurts himself.
Tom tried to do it by himself.
Tom is very hard on himself.
What did Tom want you to buy for him?
Tom didn't read any of the messages Mary sent to him.
Tom believed everything Mary told him.
She has sail-like ears.
Was it really necessary to change the front wing?
You've really got to take your hat off to Bottas here. That guy has nerves of steel and always drives fast and clean.
The risotto is delicious.
Tom, are you looking at my boobs?
I'm not as stupid as people think.
"I'm not as stupid as people think." "Nobody thinks you're stupid."
He called me about twenty minutes ago and said that he was on his way.
If I ignore it, it will go away.
The team sucks anyway.
Mary loves the movie Frozen.
Rainbow boas look magical.
I want a martini with three olives.
Tom dropped out of college and moved to Boston.
Mary doesn't know how to relax and enjoy life.
I never say anything, even though it gets on my nerves.
Your accent is very interesting.
Tom vanished without a trace.
This Indian restaurant only serves vegetarian food.
It's very distracting.
I'm a bit nervous right now.
This sauce is quite hot.
I asked her if she wanted to go for a walk.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go for a walk.
Tom doesn't know how to relax and just enjoy life.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go swimming.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to Boston with me.
What the fuck are you doing?
Tom! What the fuck are you doing?
I've downloaded a cool fitness app!
He was bored the whole day.
I spoke to my daughter.
I've been to Boston countless times.
"Today's Tuesday, right?" "Yeah." "Why's it so crowded?"
You should make good use of this opportunity.
Let's play hookey and go see that movie.
He was walking down the road one dusky evening.
He had a collection of Japanese koi in the garden pond.
Children love playing with squirt guns in the summer to stay cool.
I shoot the rabbits in my garden with a squirt gun to keep them away from the vegetables.
Tom is trying to break the lock.
If you increase the temperature, the compound will crystallize.
It's been three years since I've been to Boston.
Tom would like to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wants to buy an apartment in Boston.
My dad won't let my sister go to Boston.
Tom didn't want me to come to Boston.
Tom will be in Boston for a week.
I plan to visit Tom in Boston next weekend.
Tom came home from Boston last week.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Boston last year.
My neighbor served the most delicious crab dip at her party last night.
Whenever I have a quarter of an hour to spare, I like to dip into Saki's 'Collected Short Stories'.
I'm so short of money at the moment that I keep having to dip into my precious savings.
On some computer boards, the capabilities or configuration was set using a dip switch mounted on the board; today these settings are done in software.
This house is very big, isn't it?
Tom would like to buy a house.
Tom wants to buy a house.
Tom sold his house.
Tom is going to sell his house.
How long will it take you to paint my house?
I want you to leave my house.
There were lilies planted in front of the house.
Tom said his house had been broken into.
Your house is very nice.
He probably will not win it.
The water perforates the stone.
Miguel no longer eats with the voracity that he used to.
I am going to need your help.
I only need half.
Tom was wearing a swimsuit.
We have new neighbors.
We all die in the end.
We live by the sea.
Now I don't know what to do.
Today is the second day of the month.
He is the center of attention.
A foreign language cannot be learned in only two weeks.
It is worth it to read the novel.
We dream of being millionaires.
Where does he live, generally? In some part of Eastern Europe.
My cousin, who was a drunk, said that Jesus talked to him every night.
Yes, I also have a relationship with the prophet.
His mystical babble bores me, and I am not going to continue listening to such bullshit. I have more important things to do.
Men are sinners.
My grandmother has a lot of vegetation that grows spontaneously.
I am thinking about buying a new parasol.
Call a doctor immediately.
Where was the mistake?
I did not listen to the chorus of that song.
You refuse to see the facts.
You are a good journalist.
They were happy and had many children.
I've always loved you, Tom.
I've already told Tom.
I'm more experienced than Tom.
I have more experience than Tom.
I'd like you to help Tom.
We'll protect Tom.
First, let's talk about Tom.
Three of a kind.
Four of a kind.
You didn't tell him what I wrote in my diary.
The child dipped his toes into the ocean to see if the water was cold.
We dipped pieces of fruit in melted chocolate, and put them in the fridge to harden.
The small plane dipped slightly to go under the clouds.
We took a dip in the lake after lying in the sun for a while.
Unemployment has dipped to just under 6% in the last month
I've asked Tom to babysit for us on Monday night.
I'm looking for someone who can babysit on Monday night.
Can I make an appointment for next Monday?
I met Tom in the library on Monday.
Tom is getting married on Monday.
Just why are boys so disgusting?
More than 90% of people who go on a diet and dip below their body's natural weight will eventually gain that weight back.
Frankly speaking, in that GP Vettel was driving like a rookie.
The road dipped into a valley, then swept up over a hill.
Several times this year, the stock market has dipped more than 1% in a single day.
Danish train operator DSB first, take over the running of the Oresund trains across the Oresund bridge. The line was previously operated by the danish DSB and the swedish SJ.
I feel always restricted here.
I don't have time for a vacation this year.
Don't you miss your father?
Tom is starting to look a lot like his father.
Did you know my father?
Do you know my father?
If I need money, I'll ask my father.
Why didn't you listen to your father?
I got ten dollars from my grandfather.
Your grandfather is very charismatic.
She always believes in me.
I really hate his dirty jokes.
Tom is one of the best in the business.
When I was young, we used to swim in the river.
That's very kind, thank you.
Do you want me to help you with the cooking?
If you're looking for a job, call me.
Tom never recovered completely.
They sat in silence.
There's something I want to talk to you about.
That's a very beautiful dress.
I've been dying to meet him.
Tom is always trying to boss everyone around.
We used to spend hours over there.
We used to spend hours there.
The key to cooking good food is using high-quality, fresh ingredients.
I have a TV in my bedroom.
Tom is feeling the pressure.
I'm not going to take that chance.
You're absolutely perfect, in every way.
Do you want me to massage your shoulders?
Do you want me to rub your shoulders?
Do you want me to rub your back?
That beef is very tender. It just melts in your mouth.
Do you want me to help you do that?
Do you want me to help you wash the dishes?
Mary is always trying to boss everyone around.
I've been thinking of you all day.
Would you like me to help you do that?
Would you like me to help you wash the dishes?
We're being attacked.
Stop listening to this crappy music.
Tom failed twice.
You can do a lot better than that.
I really like your website.
It's confirmed they're donating rice to the orphanage next week.
He gave her a quick kiss.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the party with him.
Everything was fine until Tom set the house on fire.
Everything was fine until Tom started drinking.
I admit that I was a little drunk.
We went to the same church.
Tom removed his tie and unbuttoned his collar.
I felt betrayed.
Tom took off his ski boots.
Tom was carrying his snowboard under his arm.
It must be nothing less than perfect.
Everything must be nothing less than perfect.
If you don't want to fall off the cliff, don't stay near it.
Tom's parents have a lot of money.
This is one of the most popular restaurants in Boston.
I really enjoy coming here.
The chicken is pink.
The chicken is undercooked.
The chicken is raw.
Mary wore a flowered dress.
Keep learning and become a polyglot.
How do you intend to achieve this?
I think it must've been Tom who did this.
I thought we agreed we wouldn't do this.
Tom said I shouldn't be doing this.
Tom told me that I shouldn't be doing this.
Do you know how to fix this?
I know how to fix this.
Maybe Tom can figure out how to fix this.
Listen carefully. You need to know this.
Do I really need this?
Orangutans have been observed using sticks to pry nutritious seeds from prickly plants.
I was checking a hot guy out when my friend came.
The glans of the penis is generally very sensitive.
How can you want to be my friend? Can't you see that I'm a wretch?
Sadly, some of us are wretches and have to suffer eternally.
He didn't break my heart. He broke my spirit.
Would it bother you if your boyfriend had pubic hair?
Is sodomy illegal in your country?
Actually, I should know it. Wait a minute, let me remember. Exactly! The atomic number of radium is 88.
Mary has always been a model student.
I would say that I'm healthy at the moment, but I don't want to jinx myself.
I can say with certainty that he hates me.
I'm pining for him.
Now that I've lost him, all I can do is languish.
While I had pneumonia, I just languished in my room, waiting to recover.
I don't eat poultry.
You can pour the liquid by using a funnel.
He's her beau now.
You're going to be okay.
It'll be okay.
Murder is a monstrous act.
I hope he croaks soon.
Drop dead!
It works fine.
Tom won't be back till dinner time.
This is where Tom met Mary for the first time.
This is the best movie I've seen in a long time.
Tom cried for a long time.
Tom has been my best friend for a long time.
We were both silent for a long time.
I don't think Tom will be here on time.
I think there's still a chance Tom will get here on time.
I promise that I'll be there on time.
Muplis is a small tool for searching Lojban sentences.
He has a robotic voice.
He lied brazenly.
Have you ever jerked off to a picture of a friend?
I usually jerk off to porn rather than my own fantasies.
Did you eat chicken for lunch again today?
We didn't have any customers today.
Tom worked very hard today.
What classes did you have today?
Tom really did a good job today.
Please be patient with me today.
I bought some Christmas presents today.
Why do we have to decide this today?
Pedophiles are cruelly treated in prison.
Pedophilia is probably more common than people think.
Is the guillotine still used by certain countries?
This candlestick is very heavy.
If your stomach growls in the middle of a test, that's pretty embarrassing.
I'm Irish, but I don't speak Irish.
It looks like you're having a great time.
Mom is at work.
I thought it made me look older.
When I was 18, I decided to take a year off from college.
This is strictly about business.
Tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie.
Oh My God! It's Tom!
I prefer to text than to talk on the phone.
These guys are very immature.
Why did you text me last night?
Tom jerked the door open.
She jerked the door open.
Tom was wearing flip-flops and a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom kissed her hand, making her blush.
I looked up at my phone, and tried to read my text messages.
Don't give anyone else this number.
Mary stayed up all night texting her friends.
Tom kissed Mary's hand, making her blush.
Why didn't you text me last night?
Do you know someone who can help?
Why didn't you ask for help?
I can't think of anything that might help.
I don't need any more help.
How did you do it without our help?
I couldn't convince Tom to help.
Tom called to say he can't come to help.
Tom says he's too tired today to help.
I couldn't have done that without your help.
I was told never to tell a Frenchman how to speak his own language.
Do you enjoy studying?
Many people like to travel.
This blue backpack is heavy.
It's better to be thought a fool than to open your mouth and prove it.
Do you like going to work?
Do you like going to school?
I've used up my Q-tips.
I clean my ears using cotton swabs.
I punctured my eardrum with a cotton bud.
I like my coffee with lots of foam on the top.
It came for me.
The Internet is unavailable now.
A gentleman should buy his girlfriend flowers.
What else can I add?
A gentleman should open doors for his girlfriend.
A gentleman would pay for his girlfriend's lunch.
I tried to invent new sentences.
Praise the Sun!
The next verse is even more touching.
The main shops are in the city centre.
After this he often used a personal form of free verse.
I should've brought an umbrella.
I wasn't lonely.
Tom was sitting on the couch alone.
Mary was sitting on the couch alone.
Interest rates have seesawed all year.
Share prices have been erratic this last month.
The Finance Minister said the July rise in inflation was only a blip.
I decided to err on the side of caution and make twenty copies.
Putin is a dickhead!
There isn't enough room to swing a cat in his flat.
Mary invited my best friend to a party, but not me.
No, I'm not angry with you.
I don't want to pretend I'm someone I'm not.
I'm not sure how to be a good husband and father.
I'm not sure how to be a good mother and wife.
Tom barely touched his food.
Mary barely touched her food.
Let me take a break, please.
I'm not sure that's a good thing.
I'm not good at making jokes.
Do you think she's really sorry?
Do you think he's really sorry?
Do you think Tom is really sorry?
We do almost everything together.
Mary is my best friend. We do almost everything together.
I'm working with a Spaniard.
You have a nice laugh.
There's just something about her.
There's just something about him.
I don't appreciate your humor.
I don't appreciate Tom's humor.
Mary has long golden hair.
I really like the way your hair looks.
Mary used to be a hairdresser.
Nobody wants to play with Tom.
Nobody wants to play with Mary.
Nobody wants to play with me.
Nobody wants to play with him.
Nobody wants to play with her.
Your hair is very nice.
You look like a sad panda.
He can't be all bad.
She can't be all bad.
She's just my friend.
He's just my friend.
You'll never be an actress.
Tom ate a bowl of instant noodles.
I don't want my mother to worry.
He blushed slightly.
She blushed slightly.
Mary doesn't want to be my friend. She thinks that she's too cool for me.
I'm not even sure I like him.
I'm not even sure I like her.
You made me sick.
Nouns, adjectives, pronouns and participles are said to be declined, while verbs are said to be conjugated.
Do you like solving puzzles?
I like solving puzzles.
You are so jealous, right?
"Ralph, you cannot overtake Damon, OK? This is a team order: you cannot overtake Damon. ...That bit about overtaking Damon — you heard that, didn't you? ...You get that, Ralph, did you hear me? ...Ralph, acknowledge." "...Yes, Sam."
I really want to know what the hell is going on.
I really want to know what's going on.
I want to know who that guy is.
I want to know when your birthday is.
Maybe Tom was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
I can't believe that Tom is the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom was surprised by Mary's reaction.
Today is Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary.
Tom never called Mary to apologize.
Mary asked Tom to shave off his beard.
Tom didn't know that Mary was already dead.
Tom wasn't willing to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom and Mary aren't yet engaged.
Tom babysat John and Mary's children yesterday evening.
"SOC nine, Danny, SOC nine." "What?" "SOC. Nine." "I don't understand anything!" "SOC. Nine. State of charge nine."
Well, guys, not bad for a number two driver, eh?
"Okay, Adrian, pitting, pitting." "I really don't understand this drivethrough. I mean, the backmarker was holding me up, holding everyone up, and I get a drivethrough. Tell the FIA I really don't understand that." "Yes, we think it's very harsh and we will discuss it further with the FIA."
"Kimi, get out of the fucking way." "Don't shout there, fucker. I'll get out of the way when I have a chance, but not during a fast corner."
The prize is wrong.
"Ferrari is a joke." "My garage could surely use a joke or two." "I mean FFerrari is a joke, Jesus." "My name's Andrew, not Jesus."
Whenever I leave my window open, bugs fly into my room.
Can I have a private opinion?
Killer whales are beautiful but dangerous.
This is a multi-storey building.
I expected him to come back. It was just a slight tiff.
We had a little tiff.
Mary had a tiff with her boyfriend.
What if it was just a tiff between two friends?
I admit, at that time I was a little drunk.
I'm a senior high school student.
Do people really have to hate one another?
These days there is a lot of talk about the Law of Attraction, but I don't think such a thing exists.
I'll give you money if you need some.
Tom made a great deal of money last year.
Tom would lend you money if you asked him to.
I don't have enough money for a taxi.
Tom knows he doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs.
I hope that I gave you enough money to buy everything you needed.
Tom refused to give Mary the money she needed.
I couldn't convince Tom lend me the money I needed.
Where did you get your money?
Where did you get this money?
Tom thinks I stole the money.
Maybe Tom can lend you some money.
We don't have that kind of money.
I don't need a lot of money.
Please give me back my money.
Can you lend me a little money?
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his money.
Tom will never have to worry about money.
How much money do you make?
How much money does Tom make?
My wife spends too much money on herself.
I don't care how much money you have.
Money can't buy friends.
How much money did you get for the diamond?
I'm alright if you're alright.
How are we doing for time?
He has spent all his born days in the village.
She's been in the same job for donkey's years.
I haven't seen you in donkey's years!
We can talk about this till the cows come home, but I'm not going to change my mind.
I enjoy cooking, but I don't like the cleaning up afterwards.
She did her homework in a flash.
You should know that already.
You should already know that.
How much time have we got left?
"OK, Kimi, the next car behind you is Alonso. Alonso five seconds behind you. I'll keep you updated on the gap. I'll keep you updated on the pace." "Just leave me alone, I know what I'm doing!"
"We need to know if you need a front wing." "I can't see the damage, I don't know." "Jenson, tell me if you need a front wing." "I don't know! Check the car when I come past." "Roger that... It looks okay, it looks okay. Yeah, the front wing is fine."
"Juan, in this lap please, we've seen a deer on the circuit. We believe it's somewhere on the circuit, so just come in cautiously, please." "Oh dear!" "Yeah, a deer... it's like a horse with horns." "I know, I know. Oh "deer"! Hahahaha!"
She rummaged in her capacious handbag.
A popular, capacious theatre in the city tempted many a moviegoer on a hot, sunny afternoon.
The European Union has official languages. But important texts are often available only in three languages: English, French and German. This constitutes a disadvantage for anyone who isn't versed with any of these languages. It's already high time to think about a neutral, common bridge language.
I'm wearing a jacket with capacious pockets.
We realised they were right, we had nowhere to play or even practise.
I found the suites capacious, the sofas commodious, the sandwiches copious.
What should I tell the kids now?
What should we say to Tom now?
What should I tell Tom now?
What should we tell Tom now?
Where is Tom working now?
Is Tom at home now?
What do you think of me now?
Tom doesn't want to be my friend. He thinks that he's too cool for me.
Where is your family?
How many people do you have in your family?
How long do you expect me to stay?
Excuse me, what did you say?
Where should I put the tray?
What games do you like to play?
Why weren't you here yesterday?
Do you think it's going to snow tomorrow?
How old is this TV?
Tom is a bit paranoid.
Do not use this product near a bathtub, sink, shower, swimming pool, or anywhere else where water or moisture are present.
He pulled out a handkerchief.
She looked at the sky.
She came up with a good solution.
When his wife died, he received dozens of condolence cards.
It's better not to go there alone.
Let him take my old ones. They are still quite new.
There's only one God.
That's a sloppy job.
I was dumbstruck.
I was dumbfounded.
The law applies to everyone.
There are dark nights in Sochi.
There are dark nights in the city of Sochi.
As far as I'm concerned, his perfume is an aphrodisiac.
I loved you more than anybody else ever did.
I did love you more than anybody else ever did.
I love you more than anybody else ever did.
I love you more than anybody else ever did love you.
Off with the head of duplicate-mongers.
Having letters, "muvaffakiyetsizleştiricileştiriveremeyebileceklerimizdenmişsinizcesine" is the longest word in Turkish.
Who can you trust?
Who can one trust ?
I don't know what you want to say.
Funny Kittens International is a US 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation dedicated to the development of cat videos.
Tom greets Mary by waving his hand.
Slow down. It's not a race.
There's too much I don't know.
The chicken was a bit dry.
The chicken is a bit too dry.
There are too many managers and not enough employees.
Knead the dough gently.
Tom wanted to do everything himself.
Tom wants to do everything himself.
Tom's a real expert.
She's a real expert.
He's a real expert.
Mary's a real expert.
When are you going to have kids?
When are you going to have another baby?
Get the hell out of my room.
Get the hell out of my room!
Could I have a little more water?
Could I have some water?
We need to work as a team.
If we work as a team, we can achieve anything.
You need to be a team player.
We're a team!
We're a team, not individuals! We need to work as a team.
We'll do our best to work as quickly as possible.
I'm not going if you don't invite Mary, too.
Tom lives only a few blocks away.
Tom worked very hard, but he didn't make it.
The door creaked open.
He refused to talk to me.
She refused to talk to me.
Tom used inappropriate language.
This had better not be some kind of prank.
The lamb was cooked perfectly.
You better watch your back!
I love hanging out with my friends.
Mary's eyes glinted with excitement.
Mary wore false eyelashes.
I like it spicy, but I don't like it too spicy.
How do you like this dress? It would look good on you.
There's a hair in the soup.
Here are some pictures.
Tom winked at the girls.
The customers are happy.
She winked at me.
Great work, girls.
Great work, guys.
He's very knowledgeable.
She's very knowledgeable.
I thought my head was going to explode.
I was having trouble concentrating.
Why are you acting like a child?
How would you feel if someone said that about you behind your back?
I'm worried about the baby.
They aren't dating.
Tom, put the bowl into the microwave.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
I want the freedom to my country, so that other countries can learn something from my free country.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Find purpose, the means will follow.
You pay attention to me?
"Lead me not into temptation," said the frog to the fly.
That was again completely wrong!
Now, when everything is gone, all we have left is the memory.
Now, when everything is gone, we still have the memory.
I prefer the traditional recipe.
Do you want a single room?
Think before opening your mouth!
It's very simple to understand.
My grandma is years old.
Do you want me to speak in Finnish or in English?
One shouldn't use the verb "anstataŭi" in the sense of "anstataŭigi".
A dire tragedy has befallen me.
There was lots of gold inside the sarcophagus.
He turns me on when he wears those clothes.
They were never alone.
Ruscism is a very popular ideology in Russia.
Did he really tell you that?
In the Aymara culture, respecting one's parents is fundamental.
This is exactly the type that we need.
You cannot forget that he is as young as you.
The mass of the planets is calculated according to the law of universal attraction.
Its presence is important for me.
I am a being of light in the body of a monkey.
This is a little salty.
These are original.
These are genuine.
You must not forget that she is as young as you.
Do you want to repeat that?
Where to afterwards?
We're losing a lot of time.
The airplane found itself in the eye of the storm.
The policeman let him park there.
There are things that should not be known before twenty.
I have a business trip to France in the fall.
It is, once again, completely erroneous!
The "childhood friends" scare me.
Liquid love is a concept created by sociologist Zygmunt Bauman concerning the fragility of human bonds in postmodernity.
Ontology studies the way in which entities that exist are related.
No, I do not watch CNN.
My uncle's wife is my aunt.
I need a glass of water.
I may disagree with your words but I hear you out.
Do you agree with what he wrote in the book?
He recommended that I not believe in what he said.
Most of the clothes that Americans wear are made outside of America.
Most of the clothes that Europeans wear are made outside of Europe.
Most of the clothes that Canadians wear are made outside of Canada.
"What do you want me to tell Tom?" "The truth." "That's a bad idea."
She seemed bored.
He seemed bored.
They aren't dating, are they?
"Mary told me that they slept together." "Really?"
Mary told me that they slept together.
They aren't dating... yet.
Do you go to church every Sunday?
Tom and Mary are good friends, but they aren't dating.
Tom and Mary are good friends, but they aren't dating. At least, I don't think so.
Tom is just a platonic friend.
Tom has blond hair and green eyes.
This is so relaxing.
Tom cannot distinguish between reality and imagination.
What? What are you talking about?
Did Mary tell you that she thinks Tom and me are dating?
We're just friends. Seriously!
Mary and Kate are inseparable.
I spoke to Mary last night and she told me that she doesn't like you.
I spoke to Tom last night and he told me that he likes you.
"Mary told Tom we were dating?" "Yes." "I'm going to kill her!"
Tom treats me like a princess.
Tom treats Mary like a princess.
She never told me that I was the father.
This is not even logical.
It's nobody's fault, but mine.
We started talking on Facebook.
The three of us spend a lot of time together.
She was the talk of the town.
He was the talk of the town.
Tom was the talk of the town.
Mary was the talk of the town.
Their romance was the talk of the town.
Tom wore a hard hat.
Tom wore a hard hat and winked at us.
I don't like the sound of this.
I want you to be my girlfriend.
I want you to be my boyfriend.
I want you to be my husband.
We exchanged text messages.
Tom is agoraphobic.
Mary is agoraphobic.
It sounds like a good plan.
Mary's song became a hit.
"There's a hair in my soup." "It looks like your hair."
Tom is part of the team too!
This song is beautiful when you sing it.
Are dragons real?
I don't want to piss him off.
I don't want to piss her off.
We are really good friends.
We just can't stand each other.
It was very late at night.
Where did you go with that girl?
Where did you go with that guy?
Where did you go with Tom?
Where did you and Tom go?
If you could be a colour, what would you be?
Mary did not understand the lecture. The speaker should have spoken more slowly.
Tom studied the sentences all week so he should have been able to write all correctly.
Tom studies in Germany, but he doesn't speak any German. As the German language keeps disappearing more and more from the lecture halls, he doesn't really need to.
This newspaper costs a dollar.
They must abandon the idea.
Mahmud abhors being idle.
Lola abhors Salim's smoking.
My father abides by what he said.
He is a master of ability.
I shall not be able to come tomorrow.
I won't be able to come tomorrow.
We went aboard the ship at ten.
I went to Uzbekistan.
He went to Ashkhabad.
My grandpa was an archeologist.
I did not read.
I have one friend.
He has a mellifluous voice.
Such conduct does not beseem you.
Tom wasn't his usual self today.
The sooner you clear the matter up with Tom, the better.
We really are good friends.
She is a good liar.
This building has a lightning rod.
There's no need to be scared.
You don't have to be scared.
My elderly uncle and aunt are both rather straitlaced.
Industrial countries must reduce environmental pollution and sign the Kyoto Protocol.
I feel lonely in this town.
She asked me whether I can read and write.
What do you imagine when you look at this picture?
Don't leave the papers!
I think that I came too early.
My room is just above.
The temperature was above zero last week.
This text requires no abridgement.
Who is absent today?
Thank you, tea would be very acceptable.
A book is always an acceptable gift.
How did you accomplish this?
He is accountable to me.
He was accredited to the chairman.
Such things are often accidental rather than malicious.
Such things are often a result of accident rather than malice.
ׁWe have large sizes, but unfortunately not in that color.
For those who confuse the verb endings "-тся" and "ться", there's a special little place in Hell prepared just for you.
Men quickly get used to a good relationship, and I say it's good to shake things up a little once in a while.
I'm spending precious years of my life on you, and you don't appreciate it!
Fermat's Last Theorem was finally proven by English mathematician Andrew Wiles in 1994.
There's no COM port on this motherboard.
It's just impossible to live with you!
Let's go! It'll be something to remember.
What's the meaning of meaning?
Do you need the key?
It was an era of lawlessness.
What's the point of the point?
I was okay.
I was very good.
Where are Piglet and I going? It's all a big secret! And what is the meaning of our lives? In life there is no meaning...
I wish I could undo the injustice that has occurred. Unfortunately, that is not possible.
He's clever, and so is his brother.
That's a big mistake.
Tom receives a certain amount of pocket money from his wife every week. He puts whatever remains at the end of the week into his piggy bank.
"Bracelet" means the same thing in English that it does in French.
This whole sentence has been copied from Wikipedia.
Math was never my strength.
I wish we had your problems.
The foxes that have been exposed to radiation in Chernobyl for twenty-nine years no longer fear humans and are willing to eat from their hands.
There's no point in arguing over tastes.
He was not hungry.
What's making you uneasy?
I wish I had your problems.
Tom will be away for at least a week.
What is his favorite national park?
I'm getting endlessly annoyed by this foolishness.
Sometimes I enjoy sitting down with a good book.
He's always the scapegoat.
I don't know Tom's age.
This development is casting a larger and larger shadow over the chemical industry as well.
The end of the era of petroleum is in sight.
The end of the age of oil is in sight.
I paid dollars for the food.
I'm nearsighted.
One must always study.
What can we offer to the guests?
I hope you learn.
When you all said that your sister wasn't your responsibility, I wanted to kick you all out of the house.
Life is the beginning of death.
Better to give up possessions than to live in discontent with others.
Every year, a hundred and fifty thousand tourists come to this island to enjoy the impressive scenery and the wonderful beaches.
Don't place such importance on what other people say.
She ended up looking for a different kitten.
I enjoy swimming.
He opened up his heart to her.
What people say is not always true.
He reached the blue sea.
He's making his children sick with his cigarette smoking.
He's making himself sick by smoking cigarettes.
By smoking cigarettes, he's making his children sick.
You haven't seen my cat?
Everyone in the city knows your family.
He took care of her child.
I've already visited his university.
You don't know his city.
You're not familiar with his city.
You should enjoy your life without making others' lives unpleasant.
There's no shortage of rocks.
There are more than enough rocks here.
Here we see confirmation of an old truth: war is never useful.
Thus we see an old truth confirmed: war is always useless.
The hostess complained that I visit her so rarely these days.
He ate a herring salad.
In university towns, people are constantly coming and going.
Every once in a while, a carriage passed by me.
He's a writer, too.
He told her something sweet.
The tetanus shot hurt me more than the dog bite did.
I like the sun.
He came back many years later.
He wasn't exactly overflowing with enthusiasm.
The Ribbon of Saint George is a symbol of fascism.
The two went to the window to look outside.
Black paper absorbs light.
It's not a secret that Tom's opinion is different than yours.
He decided to become a monk.
He mutilated his genitals with a knife.
Men are proud of their genitals.
Genitals are more sensitive than most other organs.
He put me in a good mood.
Talking to him always puts me in a good mood.
She always destroys my mood with her caustic remarks.
Most virgins have an intact hymen.
When a girl has sex for the first time, her hymen ruptures and bleeds.
Nowadays, if a boy doesn't lose his virginity by the age of 18, he'll most likely be traumatised.
He is accustomed to getting up early.
He will never acquiesce.
Why isn't there anybody?
She was my colleague before they fired her.
I find striptease frustrating, as it doesn't often culminate in actual sex.
I don't know if I should hire a stripper or a whore for my boyfriend.
Fuck you and the horse you rode in on!
I'm having some cheese.
My friend is gay and he thinks that cunnilingus is disgusting.
How many cats do you have?
Winter came.
Spring came.
Please come!
We are eating.
You are eating.
Instead of studying Italian, I'm wasting time on a bunch of nonsense.
Do it incrementally. Don't try to get it all done at once.
I go to P.E. class just so I can watch sweaty boys running around in shorts.
Tom lives a very busy, compartmentalised life.
The President had the power to save the men from execution at the stroke of a pen.
Tom's bound to need help to move into his new apartment.
Mary's unnerving to be around, because she's so finicky about everything.
Once again, Lojban is at the forefront of human creative experience - which, of course, will slow it down even as it strengthens it, like a tsunami as it approaches a shoreline.
Tom dropped a cup on the floor and it shattered into a thousand pieces.
I am looking for you.
He is my only passion in life.
It would never have occurred to me to say anything like that.
When we're bored, we play hangman.
What they say is contradictory to their feelings.
Their words contradict their own feelings.
From your conversation in Hebrew, I caught only two words.
Today, I bought a book.
These were Stalin's words to the Soviet partisans.
We can't work without electricity.
My father always reads a newspaper before breakfast.
Have you ever seen an ugly cat?
Are all the windows closed?
Oh, woman, you are the best wizard in the world!
Cut it with the knife.
Sorry, what was your name again?
I'd like you to meet João.
I've been looking foward to meeting you.
I am a duchess.
He cut the umbilical cord using a pair of scissors.
The role of the placenta is to nourish the foetus.
How do you expect me to have children when I don't have a uterus?
Let some fresh air in.
How many cats do you guys have?
I bet you have to twist your body into uncomfortable positions to be able to apply sunblock to your back.
I'm going to chop her head off with a cleaver.
I don't like pistachios because they're green.
I have a brainstorm teacher.
Did you (f.) know that Tom has (/had) a kid?
Tom sat on the couch all alone.
You said that you wanted to go.
I love him, but he is gay.
Behind this hill lies a beautiful valley.
For what reason are we living?
The Doctor took his usual position, opposite to Grace.
Tom's the dead spitting image of his father.
You may go where you please.
I know all your songs by heart.
Tom always speaks his mind.
Keep your own counsel!
A man of spirit is not a worthless man.
Tell me what you want. Do you want me to pass or you want to save fuel, like a duck?
Why is he not letting me through?
If we think it's going to rain, then obviously we're in the right place. But it's just that nobody else has it on their radar, which is a bit of a surprise.
Your letter has arrived too late.
Justice will take its course.
I just got overtaken by a Williams, for Pete's sake!
"Will it rain?" "It's hard to say."
I have no objection to that.
"Jos, we're losing tyre, we're losing lots of tyre. Try to make a move, try to make a move." "What do you think I'm doing, Greg?"
The best way is to take things as they come.
"When are you gonna call me in? These tyres are fucked!" "Don't worry there, Lewis, we need to service Nico this lap, you're next lap."
I am sure it must have slipped your memory.
"Romain, we've got a problem with air consumption of the engine, so box this lap, please box this lap." "No! What is wrong with this car..?"
I am saving as much as I can.
The orchestra is drowning out the singer's voice.
Tom invited Mary to his birthday party.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want Mary at his party.
Tom invited Mary and her sister to his party.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to come to his party.
Tom said that he and Mary can't come to our party.
Tom didn't go to the party.
Tom has already told Mary what to bring to the party.
Tom didn't come to the party.
Thank you very much for your generosity.
This will be a great opportunity.
This is one of the best schools in the city.
I thought the food was too greasy.
I found the food too greasy.
Tom said he wasn't in a hurry.
Tom is very interested in Australian history.
Why did you steal your grandmother's jewelry?
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.
Tom fired his secretary.
Tom looked out the window and saw Mary.
Tom tried to contact Mary.
Tom started yelling at Mary.
Tom leaned back in his chair and stared at Mary.
Tom and I had a long conversation while we were waiting for Mary.
Tom should've offered to help Mary.
Tom didn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.
Tom will never listen to Mary.
Tom said he wanted to show what he'd made to Mary.
Tom didn't hide anything from Mary.
Tom sat across the picnic table from Mary.
Tom didn't intend to call Mary.
Tom didn't want to go to the circus with Mary.
Tom discussed the details with Mary.
Tom wanted to go with Mary.
Tom intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon with Mary.
Tom didn't discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom didn't even discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom has been fighting with Mary.
Maybe Tom went shopping with Mary.
Maybe Tom should stay here with Mary.
Tom put a cup of coffee on the table in front of Mary.
Tom showed me a drawing he did of Mary.
Tom said he didn't like Mary.
Tom came into the room, followed by John and Mary.
Tom walked into the room, followed by John and Mary.
Tom leaned over the table and kissed Mary.
This neighborhood is very scary.
Tom couldn't get Mary to tell him why she was unhappy.
Tom pretended to be unhappy.
I can't remember the last time I was this happy.
Tom has been quite busy recently.
Tom and Mary started dating each other quite recently.
Tom shut the door quietly.
Tom always arrives early.
I'm still not used to getting up so early.
I took the cake out of the oven too early.
I think you did that intentionally.
I think Tom did that intentionally.
Tell us a little about your family.
Tom has been sick a lot lately.
Leave my room immediately.
Tom has always been lucky.
This isn't my key.
Tom said that he lost his key.
I think it's time to start getting ready.
I don't care how poor you are. I want to marry you anyway.
Tom is waiting in the hallway.
I want you to leave right away.
Let's stay together. It'll be safer that way.
Tom told me not to do it this way.
Tom called me about thirty minutes ago and said he was on his way.
Tom shouldn't always believe what others say.
Tom looked at Mary, not sure what to say.
Tom wondered what Mary was going to say.
Tom didn't know exactly what he was going to say.
Tom knew exactly what he was going to say.
Tom couldn't remember what he was going to say.
Tom couldn't remember what he had intended to say.
No one was interested in what I had to say.
No one was interested in anything I had to say.
Tom wondered what Mary would say.
Tom should've at least offered to pay.
I forgot to tell you how much you need to pay.
Tom picked up his flute and began to play.
Tom introduced me to his new girlfriend yesterday.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend yesterday.
I don't want to know what you did yesterday.
I don't care what you did yesterday.
Let's eat pizza for lunch today.
I knew we should've stayed home today.
Tom gave me something I really wanted for my birthday.
Tom goes swimming every day.
Tom didn't check his mailbox.
Put the key in the mailbox.
Bring your tools with you tomorrow.
I hope that you feel better tomorrow.
Tom wants to borrow my car tomorrow.
I don't need Tom's help tomorrow.
I still don't know what'll happen tomorrow.
I'll go sailing with Tom tomorrow.
"I have a phone in my cockpit. Someone left a phone in my cockpit. What should I do now?" "Okay Robert, box now, box."
"How would you like it done?" "I leave it entirely to your good taste and skill."
"How much does an elephant eat each day?" "I think I read somewhere that an elephant can eat about pounds of plants on a daily basis."
I don't think Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I have to go to the hospital tomorrow.
I don't need Tom to be here tomorrow.
Tom will be thirty years old tomorrow.
My nephew is getting married tomorrow.
My cousin is getting married tomorrow.
Tom is getting married tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are getting married tomorrow.
I spent all day shoveling snow.
Tom wished he could tell Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom has told us everything we need to know.
This is the best restaurant I know.
You don't know what I know.
If it were possible, someone would've done it by now.
I wish I could be there with you now.
I really don't want to eat right now.
I want to see the manager right now.
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.
Tom isn't in right now.
Nobody's there right now.
No one can stop us now.
No one can help us now.
What Tom thinks doesn't matter now.
I don't want to mess up now.
Nobody's in the classroom now.
Tom is smiling now.
No one can stop me now.
No one can help me now.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend now.
I used to be able to see the garden from this window.
I don't like sitting by the window.
Tom jumped out of bed and ran to the window.
I think it must've been Tom who broke the window.
Tom was sitting on the couch with Mary watching TV.
I hope that this doesn't hurt you.
I'm very glad to finally meet you.
Don't forget that Tom still loves you.
Tom will cook for you.
If you want to go, I won't stop you.
Tom will explain it to you.
Did Tom actually say that to you?
This is exactly what I expected from you.
Why don't you ever do what I ask you?
I won't allow my daughter to go out with you.
Don't bring your dog with you.
Tom has promised to stay here with you.
I look forward to seeing you.
If I were the boss, I'd fire you.
We were there, but we didn't see you.
Why don't you do it like I showed you?
Why don't you do what Tom asked you?
You don't even know what it was about.
It's good that the sun came out.
The wind slammed the door shut.
You need to do this first.
This is what you need to do first.
Tom was about to say something, but Mary started talking first.
Tom just needs a little rest.
I saved the best for last.
I usually don't eat just one banana for breakfast.
I asked Tom not to drive so fast.
I asked Tom not to drive too fast.
Let's get out of here fast.
I still need to renew my passport.
Can you take my sister to the airport?
Can you take Tom to the airport?
Can you take my dad to the airport?
Tom didn't finish the report.
Tom's an expert.
I've no idea where to start.
Tom isn't too smart.
I want to know if Tom can come tomorrow or not.
Do you want to come with us or not?
I don't know whether you'd remember Tom or not.
Tom's car is the only one in the parking lot.
We like it a lot.
I really like this wine a lot.
I'd be curious to know where Tom went.
There were a lot of empty beer bottles lying on the ground near the tent.
Tom unwrapped the present.
My neighbor called the fire department.
I can't get used to my new apartment.
Tom hasn't yet moved out of his apartment.
Tom has always been a model student.
I haven't spoken with Tom since his accident.
Tom insisted he was innocent.
Tom insists he's innocent.
I'll make you what you want.
You can stay as long as you want.
You don't have to paint the kitchen yellow. You can paint it any color you want.
What kind of funeral do you want?
I'll cook you anything you want.
Tom works at a nearby restaurant.
Where's the closest restaurant?
Tom said he didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Do you really need this suit?
I've never seen Tom in a bathing suit.
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.
It probably won't be worth the wait.
Mother, thank you for giving birth to me.
Mom, thank you for giving birth to me.
Help! I've been locked in!
We've searched everywhere.
My neighbor is nice.
Maybe it would be better if I threw away all these books, kissed your little nose, and forgot all my worries and hardships.
His memory is deteriorating with age.
Maybe all of these photos should have been thrown away.
I just can't drive all of these thoughts out of my head.
Should I throw away all these books?
So I should throw away all these books?
Tom's new wife is younger than his daughter from his first marriage.
I love you like I love myself.
The child heard it like in a dream.
This bread is really delicious. Where did you buy it?
I've heard a lot about it.
Tom doesn't know what to do about it.
What are we going to do about it?
I told Tom about it.
Tom wished he could tell Mary all about it.
I really don't want it.
The boat isn't where I left it.
If you don't like this, you don't have to eat it.
Tom picked up the photo of Mary and looked at it.
It was a really nice day, wasn't it?
It won't cost anything to repair it.
Tom said he didn't know how to do it.
I'm sure that Tom can do it.
Tom picked up the paper and read what was on it.
Tom asked Mary to let him take care of it.
I'm sure that Tom can handle it.
You cooked the steak just the way I like it.
There was nothing I could do to change it.
Put it someplace where no one will see it.
I knew that something wasn't right.
I think that Tom is right.
I think that you are right.
Unfortunately, you're right.
I wonder if Tom will be at Mary's party tonight.
I plan to go to bed early tonight.
How many guests should we expect tonight?
Why are you so nervous tonight?
I want to eat lobster tonight.
I forgot that Tom was coming to dinner tonight.
I want to eat lobster again tonight.
I think Tom will probably be there tonight.
I'll have to stay here tonight.
May I stay here tonight?
I wonder if Tom will come tonight.
I'm at home almost every night.
I'll come tomorrow night.
Did it snow last night?
We talked about it last night.
We discussed it last night.
Tom didn't come home again last night.
I had trouble finding my way back to my hotel last night.
Tom likes to work at night.
The neighbor's dog was barking all night.
I'll be here all night.
I'll have to stay here for the night.
How many hours is the flight?
What do you think the best way to lose weight is?
I'm not trying to lose weight.
I need to lose weight.
Tom wanted to buy Mary an expensive gift.
I don't want to buy anything yet.
Have you called an ambulance yet?
Tom was very upset.
Tom knew that Mary was upset.
I think I can probably afford to buy a new trumpet.
I fell in love with you the first day we met.
Where did you find my wallet?
Tom didn't flush the toilet.
Tom locked the door and put the key into his pocket.
Tom folded the paper and put it in his pocket.
Tom put his wallet back in his pocket.
Where can I hang my jacket?
I forgot to tell you where I put your jacket.
I asked you to be quiet.
These peaches aren't very sweet.
Tom has just opened a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom bought a large house on Park Street.
Tom bought a nice house on Park Street.
I didn't see anyone on the street.
My boss was very strict.
Nobody can be perfect.
I'd like to rent a motorboat.
There's only space for ten people in the lifeboat.
Put the key under the mat.
Did Tom actually tell you that?
I couldn't do anything about that.
I still don't know how to do that.
I think I might be able to do that.
You really don't need to do that.
I didn't think that you could do that.
How many hours did you spend doing that?
Tom wasn't afraid of that.
How do you intend to achieve that?
I'm not sure that it was Tom who did that.
Where did you get this great-looking hat?
I don't see anyone wearing a hat.
I didn't see anyone wearing a hat.
I wasn't always this fat.
Tom's too fat.
I've never eaten horsemeat.
Tom said he didn't eat meat.
I've never eaten alligator meat.
I've decided to stop eating meat.
You shouldn't eat so much red meat.
How many bowls of soup did you eat?
What did Tom want to eat?
Can I still get something to eat?
It's time for something to eat.
Do you think Tom would mind if I came with you guys?
Where did you find my keys?
Tom knows better than to believe anything Mary says.
Do you know what this says?
How much does it cost to get a haircut nowadays?
I can only stay with you for just a few days.
Tom will be here several days.
My dog has been missing for three days.
Tom wasn't surprised by the news.
I thought it was pretty obvious.
That's not so serious.
Tom will take the bus.
I hope Tom isn't looking at us.
Everyone laughed at us.
We don't know what the future holds for us.
I wonder what the future has in store for us.
Tom will definitely help us.
I'll find someone else to help us.
I'll find someone to help us.
Maybe Tom can be persuaded to help us.
Tom didn't hide anything from us.
I think Tom is hiding something from us.
Tom is hiding something from us.
Tom would like to stay with us.
I don't think Tom wants to eat with us.
Tom said he didn't want to go with us.
I doubt if Tom would want to go with us.
I convinced Tom to go with us.
Tom didn't eat lunch with us.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't planning on going camping with us.
Is Tom coming with us?
Tom didn't want to come sailing with us.
Tom said he didn't want to go drinking with us.
I don't think Tom will want to go drinking with us.
Tom really wants you to stay here with us.
Can't you come with us?
It's too bad you didn't come with us.
There's no reason that you can't come with us.
Tom doesn't want to come with us.
I knew we should've brought more food with us.
I hope Tom isn't watching us.
Don't try to deceive us.
Tom threatened us.
I bought myself a new pair of boots.
I don't want to be a burden to my parents.
Tom no longer lives with his parents.
Why did you move back in with your parents?
Doctors are the worst patients.
Doctors make the worst patients.
This is one of the city's best restaurants.
What time do you turn off the lights?
Why do you want to change shifts?
Thank you for all the gifts.
Tom isn't picky about what he eats.
Who's your boss?
Let me give you a kiss.
Tom wasn't paying attention in class.
I was able to sleep on the plane for a few hours.
I slept on the plane for a couple of hours.
Can you stay a few more hours?
Getting down this mountain will take about three hours.
I get along well with my neighbors.
The children are asleep upstairs.
Tom didn't go upstairs.
They are both very good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are good chess players.
Did you send Mary flowers?
I brought you some flowers.
I forgot to water the flowers.
I don't eat oysters.
I don't like oysters.
Would you take my jacket to the cleaners?
I haven't seen my sister for years.
I haven't seen Tom for years.
Tom left everything to his three grandsons.
Tom seemed reluctant to answer my questions.
Tom said he'd be happy to answer our questions.
Do you like geraniums?
I'd like some more mushrooms.
Tom made the children clean their rooms.
This is where Tom works.
I think I'll ask Tom what he thinks.
Tom has been sick in bed for three weeks.
Tom said he didn't know how to play tennis.
Don't talk to anyone about this.
Did you paint this?
Can you repair this?
I'm not sure that it was Tom who made this.
I forgot to tell you where the party is.
Do you know whose dog this is?
I still don't know what your name is.
Tom isn't really as busy as he says he is.
Tom isn't always as busy as he says he is.
Tom isn't really as rich as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think Tom knows where the post office is.
I don't know where my husband is.
I haven't seen my sister in months.
I regret a lot of things.
Give me back my gloves.
How much are these gloves?
We tried to defend ourselves.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom found Mary a job not too far from where she lives.
Tom found a job not too far from where he lives.
Tom has been waiting for us for the past thirty minutes.
Tom will be back in thirty minutes.
I won't wait for more than thirty minutes.
I want you to stay quiet for a few minutes.
Tom said he'd be here in a few minutes.
Where did you find my glasses?
You should clean your glasses.
I don't wear glasses.
How long have you been wearing glasses?
Who sent you those roses?
Who sent you the roses?
You need to prune the roses.
Tom doesn't like surprises.
I've been looking all over for my shoes.
I don't like high-heeled shoes.
I've seen this movie three times.
Where did you get these delicious apples?
Tom told us a lot of jokes.
Tom taught me how to make pancakes.
Tom said you like to watch horror movies.
Fortunately, Tom had no internal injuries.
The doctor examined Tom to make sure he had no internal injuries.
Tom is allergic to strawberries.
I like to listen to Tom's stories.
Sorry, we don't have any vacancies.
Tom will wash the dishes.
I don't like peaches.
