Tom will like this.
Tom should go home.
Tom isn't watching.
Tom isn't finished.
Tom isn't busy now.
Tom is trying hard.
Tom is often wrong.
Tom is early again.
Tom is catching on.
Tom is a good boss.
Tom is a bad coach.
Tom has to do this.
Tom got here early.
Tom got distracted.
Tom does fine work.
Tom didn't have it.
Tom didn't fool us.
Tom didn't find it.
Tom did a nice job.
Tom could be a spy.
Tom closed one eye.
Tom can't use this.
Tom can't use that.
Tom can't trick me.
Tom can't quit now.
That was a bad bet.
That cost us a lot.
Stop wasting money.
My dad was a coach.
It belonged to Tom.
Is your room clean?
Is this book Tom's?
Is Tom a good cook?
I'll try to change.
I'll clean that up.
I was close to Tom.
I saw you with Tom.
I need to check it.
I called Tom first.
I bet Tom is angry.
How can we do this?
Don't let Tom swim.
Don't let Tom down.
Don't call Tom now.
Did you lie to Tom?
Did you invite Tom?
Ask Tom for advice.
All of us know Tom.
Who did Tom marry?
We were concerned.
We studied French.
We learned French.
Tom would like it.
Tom won't survive.
Tom won't succeed.
Tom will thank me.
Tom ought to know.
Tom is bugging me.
Tom is back early.
Tom is a Canadian.
Tom has my number.
Tom has done time.
Tom has done that.
Tom has done good.
Tom has been told.
Tom got here late.
Tom gave it to us.
Tom eats too fast.
Tom did just fine.
Tom did good work.
Tom did a bad job.
Tom deserved that.
Tom could do this.
Tom can wait here.
Tom almost hit me.
This is Tom's pen.
They call him Tom.
It was a good buy.
It belongs to Tom.
I hate doing this.
I couldn't fix it.
I can read French.
I belong to a gym.
How would I do it?
How can I do that?
Don't wake Tom up.
Don't rely on Tom.
Don't deceive Tom.
Call me on Monday.
We both competed.
Tom needs a push.
Tom likes sports.
Tom is a dreamer.
Tom has problems.
Tom has it wrong.
Tom had a choice.
Tom got it right.
Tom did it wrong.
Tom did his part.
Tom can't say no.
Tom can't go yet.
Tom can go first.
Tom can fix this.
Tom became angry.
Stop teasing Tom.
Stop hitting Tom.
Say hello to Tom.
I call Tom a lot.
Don't insult Tom.
Ask Tom about it.
We speak French.
Tom is blushing.
Tom has my vote.
Tom has my keys.
Tom has it made.
Tom has company.
Tom has a guest.
Tom has a fever.
Tom got the job.
Tom got cheated.
I lost that bet.
How tall is Tom?
Don't shoot Tom.
Be nicer to Tom.
Tom is strange.
Tom is excused.
Tom has it now.
Tom has failed.
I love to cook.
Don't hurt Tom.
Tom won't win.
Tom dozed off.
Tom is early.
Tom can't go.
Is Tom tall?
Tom goofed.
When will you take a bath?
I have nothing to apologize for.
I have nothing to ask forgiveness for.
Why are you so thin?
The rice we harvested is bountiful.
A few more, and it's done.
You have to admit what you did wrong before I'll forgive you.
I love this man!
Do you eat that?
I can feel a new life.
What lovely legs!
Oh, boy, would I make a lot of Flash-cards for this text!
Not only are all humans related, if you go back far enough you'll find you're also related to your dog.
Honestly, why does everyone need to self-identify and self-label themselves? It's downright ludicrous.
He went on trial charged with murdering her wife.
We need to look for other options.
By this age, society tells you to have ten children.
I don't know how Paris is the most visited city in the world.
What's the second most visited city in the world?
I think I didn't said it clearly enough.
I love the color of Nicki Minaj's hair.
Nothing can move him.
Which ones?
Which one?
I gained two kilos this summer.
I'm going to change clothes. Please look the other way for a minute.
It is late.
Have I convinced you?
Can I join?
You should be sorry.
Can I continue?
Should I comb your hair?
Tom has a large social network.
Who the hell is Tom?
I don't recall that name.
May I know your name again?
This is a textbook case illustrating, if need be, the necessity for collaboration by authorities across national borders, and the means to be deployed.
The doctor said, "There's nothing worse for your health than tobacco.
Please deposit your turd in the bag provided.
We all know that blue-eyed red-heads are sensitive to sunshine, burning more readily than darkskinned people.
Her story was vindicated by a reporter, who found that the police officer had been lying.
Hold the line please. I'll put you through to his office.
I want a cup of cold black tea.
My bag is very heavy.
The ground was cold.
The sound woke me up.
I need a dictionary.
I don't use Facebook anymore.
What kind of shampoo do you use?
You can use it as a paperweight.
I don't know how to use Facebook.
Use a strainer to drain the pasta.
Penguins are accomplished swimmers.
Tom is an accomplished swimmer.
Penguins' eyes are adapted for underwater vision.
Penguins often huddle together to keep warm.
What's making that noise?
Where's that sound coming from?
Why would Tom want to help me?
Why would Tom want me to help him?
Changes to your comment have been saved.
A hero lies within you.
More than five thousand sentences were added to Tatoeba today.
Late-stage dementia sufferers whose first language isn't English often revert back to their native language as their condition worsens.
A possible side effect of the contraceptive pill is a loss of sex drive.
Zamboanga City is known as Asia's Latin city.
My hometown is Zamboanga City.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can result in the child being born with foetal alcohol disorder.
He played two very beautiful Chopin nocturnes on his birthday two years ago.
I'll leave no stone unturned to find out who did this.
I bought an mpcopy of Debussy's "Clair de Lune" in an online music store.
Detroit has one of the highest levels of gun violence in the world.
Mary's quite pleasing to the eye.
The city in which they live doesn't have a large Spanish-speaking community.
The city in which they live has a large Spanish-speaking community.
A sell-out crowd was there to watch the final.
The chicken the waiter brought to the table was still raw.
Who is currently the richest person in the world?
In the early stages of a new relationship, we can be completely blind to any faults or failings in the person we're in love with.
What's the language spoken in Brittany?
Are there any risks?
It can take years for people who migrate to a country to gain an understanding of the social and cultural mores of that country.
Some women tell their hairdressers about all their problems.
Some scientists believe that our first contact with extra-terrestrial life will occur in the next decade or so.
It's not free to get water here.
There's nothing worse for children than litigated custody.
I've got something of yours. Why don't you come here to get it back?
Young children can be under enormous stress when their parents break up, and often blame themselves for the failure of the marriage.
Divorce can put mutual friends of the divorcing couple in a difficult position, particularly if it's an acrimonious split.
The All Blacks are the best rugby union team in the world.
Living isn't easy.
You must be willing to commit to the program for at least a year.
Someone has been in my room.
I'm blind, not deaf.
"Ganon and his minions have seized Link's sword." "How can I help?" "I haven't the slightest."
"What was it like for you just being there at the end of such utter domination?" "It was frustrating. You know, it was miserable. It sucked. It was terrible. Besides that, it was fine."
They didn't hire the ugly candidate.
They hired the ugly candidate.
If the weather permits, they will go and pick mushrooms in the woods.
Tatoeba. Is that the name of your new girlfriend?
Tom does not have access to the database.
That book is very old.
Tom isn't in the hospital.
This design is too robotic.
I accept that challenge.
You can't sleep more than hours a day.
I love movies with happy endings.
After he was injured in an accident, he could no longer walk.
One can but try.
Our colleague's mother has died.
How many YouTube accounts are there in the world to date?
Poor old Tom.
I know bits and pieces of many foreign languages, but am fluent in none.
I wish I was in Boston.
We cannot say categorically why the Russian jet crashed, but as more information has come to light we have become concerned that the plane may well have been brought down by an explosive device.
He who approaches a good tree will find himself in good shade.
This book is the one that I can actually keep.
That is not what I said at all.
That is not what I meant at all.
Everyone can make a difference in the world.
I'd like to apologise on behalf of my son.
I like white. I find it goes well with yellow, but only if you want it to. If you don't believe it does, then it doesn't.
Please teach me how to play this game.
Your will be done on Earth as in Heaven.
I need a bigger frying pan.
The members wanted Tom banned from the club.
The team wanted the coach fired for his abusive behavior.
The manager wants the report rewritten using the new format.
The angry mob wanted Jesus killed for blasphemy.
The customer wanted her fish cooked without any salt.
The victim's family wanted the murder case reopened.
Mary would like her house cleaned three times a week.
The angry homeowner wanted his house repainted.
I would like to improve myself.
I want to get better.
I want to better myself.
Just talk among yourselves while I get organised here.
The President's attempts to bring in stricter gun control laws have been thwarted time and time again by the powerful gun lobby.
Tom turned in a number of consistently good performances.
The ground was waterlogged after several days of rain.
Tom had a battery of tests after suffering a number of dizzy spells.
Wake up and smell the roses.
The lower your self-esteem, the more you tend to focus on negative things.
Tom doesn't seem very focussed at the moment.
I'm glad that God has chosen me to be your host.
Turn that frown upside down.
Can one person really make a difference in the world?
How do you think you can make a difference in the world?
You can make a difference in the world.
Can one person make a difference?
Can one person really make a difference?
The trees are full of fruit.
The barn is full of hay.
It should be fixed now.
I'd rather stay home and knit.
I pulled out my knitting needles.
Mary pulled out her knitting needles.
I'd rather stay home and watch TV.
Mary pulled out her knitting needles and began to knit.
Mary pulled out her knitting needles and started to knit.
I miss Tom's cooking.
Tom tried to camouflage himself.
That's probably why I'm still single.
That's why you're still single.
Tom's mouth dropped open.
Her mouth dropped open.
They tortured the prisoner first and then killed him.
I thought you'd love it.
You won't be ready.
'Ppreciate it!
Call your mom and tell her you'll be late.
Will you stop teasing me?
Well, now you know.
What are you going to do with your share of the treasure?
Tom removed his wet socks.
She removed her wet socks.
Are you bored right now?
There's only one way to be sure.
The coffee tastes like wash water.
I had no clue what to do.
I can't do all of this.
Stop frowning.
That was not very romantic.
That wasn't very romantic.
A building, before it can be constructed, has to be visualized hundreds of times in the mind of an architect.
"My father doesn't drink alcohol." "Mine doesn't either."
Ken thought that Tom was sleeping.
The grape harvest is done manually.
He's a dishonest salesperson.
Maria came down from the seventh floor.
Do you know what happened with him?
They were singing the national anthem.
I don't like Christmas any more.
Where'd you learn such a difficult word?
And they saw the new heaven and new earth.
Those men will run.
These men will run.
This person will run.
That person will run.
That person yonder will run.
Those particular persons would run.
Those particular persons will run.
These particular persons will run.
This particular person will run.
That particular person will run.
That particular person would run.
Joseph and companion would run.
That Joseph and companion will run.
This Joseph and companion will run.
This Joseph will run.
That Joseph will run.
Joseph would run.
They would run.
They will run.
This group will run.
This one will run.
That one will run.
That one would run.
I am a farmer.
I am having mashed potatoes with vegetables for dinner.
He was a very simple man, but he never cheated on others.
We like to listen to birds singing.
It is likely that the police confused the two individuals as they both had similar facial features.
I'm not sure how they could have confused the two men since one is tall and skinny and the other is short and fat.
Jealousy is not the same as envy. Do not confuse the two. There is a difference.
Tom and Mary became lifelong friends.
Tom died from a drug overdose.
I'm going, too.
I'm Natsuko.
Let's listen to her story.
The blood of heroes flows in my veins.
I was born in the month of October.
On my way home, I met a beautiful lady.
We live in the nuclear era.
I don't want to drive Tom's car.
I want to go somewhere quiet.
I hope things don't change too much.
Everyone wants to hear what everyone wants to hear.
I spent the whole afternoon translating story books to Spanish.
That would run.
That will run.
This will run.
This one nearer to me will run.
We will run.
You and I will run.
You and your companion will run.
You can't read too many books.
I didn't talk about him.
One can't earn too much money.
Drinking more water won't do you any harm.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
Death solves all problems — no man, no problem.
He adds over a couple of hundreds sentences.
Tom used to wag school a lot when he was a kid.
Tom told his busybody neighbour to get a life and to get his nose out of everyone's business.
Carbon monoxide poisoning can cause hallucinations.
I think the big mistake in education is trying to teach children by using fear as the basic motivation: fear of failing an exam, fear of failing a grade and not staying with your class, etc. On the other hand, interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a Chinese factory explosion to a firecracker.
I'm not going to go there.
It's coming right at me!
It's coming right at us!
Oh my God! It's coming right at us!
Tom was attacked by a rabid squirrel.
Tom was attacked by a rabid squirrel on Halloween day.
Tom and Mary went on a safari and saw many animals, such as lions, giraffes, zebras, and hippopotamuses.
Tom won the hot dog eating contest.
Hippopotamuses love water.
We listened to the ocean.
Tom listened to the sound of the ocean.
Tom listened to the sound of the waves crashing on the beach.
Hippopotamuses are one of the most dangerous animals in Africa.
Hippopotamuses are agressive and unpredictable.
Watch out! He's coming right at you!
Kittens are cute and friendly.
Tom was killed by a snakebite.
This soundbite was repeated all over the news.
Tom died after stepping on a scorpion in the desert.
A dangerous criminal has escaped from the insane asylum.
One day, I'll introduce you two.
I was born in October.
Tom and Mary went on an African safari.
I don't like Christmas anymore.
We still don’t have a watertight definition of what a country is.
Where is the cake with raisins?
Whenever Mary gets drunk, she ends up doing crystal meth for the next three days.
The audience groaned at some of Tom's puns.
Tom's boss told him that his performance left a lot to be desired.
Mary was depressed when she saw photos of her friends on Facebook at a party she hadn't been invited to.
Tom carefully transplanted the tiny tomato seedlings into his vegetable patch.
Tom often rings the radio station to give his opinion on the talk-back segment.
Tom sought advice from a native speaker before putting the sentence on Tatoeba.
The punning riddle "What's black and white and red all over?" has been kicking around American and British schoolyards since at least the middle of the 1800s.
Tom had lots of run-ins with the law when he was a teenager.
After a week, Tom had well and truly worn out his welcome.
You can't be here when Tom arrives.
Do not relay this information to Joana.
These cookies are soft and chewy.
The engine is noisy.
Tom looks straight out of central casting.
Tom bought an ACME anvil.
Tom is not proud of his past.
I never went back.
Did you know that Tom was in a reality TV show?
Tom has six children.
Tom's children are sick.
Do you want to become a father?
It happened naturally.
Tom went to community college.
I just started crying.
Mary has six children: three boys and three girls.
That's a secret. I can't tell you.
There is one language that is never enough. And that language is VBA.
Let me sit down.
That's a secret I can't tell you.
Let me win for once.
Silence can be misinterpreted, but never misquoted.
Paraphrasing is all well and good as long as you don't have the original sentence in sight when you seek to paraphrase.
Do you have to work on Sundays?
This is the third largest city in Serbia.
Anyways, we have no other choice.
Tell the truth!
They will be sick.
Marie painted.
A motorcyclist came to grief when he failed to take a sweeping bend in the road.
Tom applied a drying agent to his weeping wound.
Tom's intransigence is so frustrating.
Where's the funding coming from?
After being abandoned for years, the old house went to rack and ruin.
You could feel the tension in the air.
It's important not to change or discontinue medication without seeking medical advice.
Very tall people can often be ungainly.
Height is a distinct advantage in basketball.
Breathing is forbidden here.
There's no instruction manual for parenthood.
You can’t teach a pike how to swim.
I just washed the dishes and now I have to take out the trash.
I was just arriving when she left.
Don't be angry; I was just asking.
That dress is awful.
It's just that I don't like it.
Wait for a few seconds.
No, not that one!
No, not this one!
No, not that one yonder!
If you said so!
Do you know how to do it?
Is that really true!
Is that for real!
I swear you my life that it's true !
Holy heavens!
I am here concerning the car.
The chess pieces are pawn, knight, bishop, rook, queen, and king.
Every Monday, I have a one-on-one meeting with my manager.
Shows that are broadcast during prime time are not supposed to have content unsuitable for children who might be watching.
Well, I did a nice job painting the ceiling, if I do say so myself.
Are you telling me that Luke is creating problems again? Good grief.
I don't think we can trust the polls to tell us what the general populace thinks about the candidates.
I got to work late because I had to drop my daughter off at the day-care center.
Geez, that must be tough on you. How do you put up with it?
They claim that all their products are environmentally friendly.
They claim that all their products are friendly to the environment.
Unsurprisingly, he had a lot to say on the matter.
Living here isn't easy.
Finding a good place to live isn't easy.
You look in the mirror and feel like a shitty person.
Instead of her, her sister went with them.
If you come back soon, you may go.
To take the cursor to the next line or to execute a command or operation, press the return key.
Have you pray’d to-night, Desdemona?
Mary's stew was so delicious that Tom had a second helping.
I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
Tom's mood changes markedly from day to day.
I've been wanting to do that for a very long time.
Which language do you like better, Kannada or Telugu?
Acetophenone has an orange-blossom scent.
Wolves travel in packs, but eagles fly alone.
A lightning struck the tall tree.
I want to hear what they want to hear.
Tom will make the beds.
It was one late September afternoon.
Instead of deleting your sentences, how about making them better?
I would like to eat ice cream.
We'll continue to see the whole city from here.
Every Monday, I have a face-to-face meeting with my manager.
I read books to kill time.
Cats have seven lives.
She wanted to hurry home.
The sun rises and the sun sets, and to its place it hastens, and there it rises.
Tom waits for Mary.
The children were skinny dipping.
The children were swimming in the nude.
The children were swimming naked.
I am unenlightened.
The author's latest novel was very well-received.
One should remember that the truth is not decided by the number of people subscribing to it.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it as fact.
I'm getting fed up with SJWs.
I'm getting fed up with social justice warriors.
When all else fails, use fire.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
The day will come soon when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
Tom poured himself a glass of whisky.
Has she already finished reading the book?
The best footballers are developed at Peter's football school.
If life is ridiculous and absurd, be glad that it is not tedious.
Is their language difficult?
Give me the gist.
Who gets to decide what's offensive?
Only a wonder can help us now.
He lives alone in a small cabin in the swamp.
How long does it take to learn German?
Do you have a lot of money with you?
What's the matter with you? Are you nuts?
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it is the truth.
Who was the woman in the picture you posted on Facebook?
I deleted the post I posted on Facebook yesterday.
I will send you the post which Tom posted on Facebook yesterday.
Don't send the picture to me; post it on Twitter.
I downloaded the file which Tom uploaded.
The download speed is twice as fast as the upload speed on this network.
The movie website announced a 20% discount on all downloads.
I downloaded the file that Tom uploaded.
How did her son die?
I am a big golf fan.
His first great work was created when he was involved with the guerillas.
He shot me down with a glare.
The loss of their mother affected them greatly.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side's 88th birthday.
It will be sunrise soon.
She has a character defect.
You are hurting me.
She puts on a lot of lipstick when applying make up.
Are you wearing a brand-new suit?
Refrain from making more comments.
That wasn't exactly romantic.
Uhuh, you do not believe it?
The jury began deliberating on Monday.
There's a cat on the desk.
I eat a banana roll.
We need their help.
We need her help.
Why would you need to know that?
We read about that in class.
It's been so long since I've been here.
If only if I had thought of that!
I know you meant well.
You should've come sooner.
We've run out of milk.
I forgot my umbrella and got drenched in the rain.
Could you please put on the tea kettle?
Such problems are to be expected.
Why is my code not working?
I like people who are not afraid to grow old.
Technology is increasingly improving.
I took the train from my city to Tokyo and the ride lasted several hours.
They have everything under control.
No, I don't know him. Of course, I know who he is, but I'm not personally acquainted with him.
I don't want to get up!
I don't want to go to class!
I'm proud of my daughter.
I don't want to go to school!
I don't want to go to work!
I do not agree with you.
Well Tom, how is it being married? Do you like it?
I don't feel good now.
If you find it hard to wake up in the morning, then set your ringtone as your alarm. Then it will seem to you that you are being called.
If you want to get a picture in some beautiful place and there are only strangers nearby, then ask some fat person to help you. Then you can be assured that he won't run away with your camera.
Dentists recommend changing toothbrushes every three months, because over time their bristles become worse at getting rid of plaque, and accumulate microbes.
A key is lying on the writing-table.
I will never understand.
Drinking spirits on an empty stomach is bad for one's health.
Tom already knows my opinion.
Tom could do a lot better if he tried.
Someone told me that Tom left work.
Something attracted Tom's attention.
How do you say "thanks" in French?
I could hardly close the suitcase.
I don't think that's right.
And who asked for your opinion?
Please, let me explain.
She doesn't like fish.
Do you think Tom looks like an old man?
What is Tom's shoe size?
Osama bin Laden, leader of Al-Qaeda, was killed in Pakistan by American troops.
The meeting is taking place next Sunday.
Next week I'm going to Vancouver to visit my sister.
He laughed at my pronunciation.
Did you eat breakfast this morning?
Because of the heat, I slept with a window open.
This building was named in his honor.
He watched the Swedish film.
He was seriously injured in the accident.
Moscow is the only city in the world, located inside the Moscow Ring Road.
I think the socialist party will win.
And that is where the difference lies.
"Do you speak French?" "No."
Any time I caught myself thinking negatively, I would rephrase the thought in a way that was more positive.
I found myself thinking he might be right.
Please give me one.
The sea is deep.
The sea turns deep by itself.
The sea will turn deep by itself.
Close that door!
His breath reeks of alcohol.
Her breath reeks of alcohol.
Don't do it reluctantly.
Do not do it reluctantly.
Tom has a secret passage in his house.
There's a secret passage in Tom's house.
As the market price decreases, the quantity demanded will increase and the quantity supplied will decrease.
This book is geared towards beginners.
You can't say that word in my country!
The fact that I usually go to bed after three in the morning shows that, with all my heart, I live in London's timezone.
Did you give him my message?
A refugee camp is a nightmare.
Her reaction didn't surprise me.
Tom has more alcohol in his refrigerator than he does food.
I spent my childhood in Pakistan.
You can't force me to marry you.
Let's play a game! Don't look at your girlfriend for ten seconds. You won - you don't have anyone to look at.
It's impossible to work in such circumstances.
Modern computers carry out ten to the ninth power (10^9) operations per second.
I live in Warsaw.
I like this film.
I see what the problem is.
It's a lot easier for Russians to learn Spanish than it is for Spaniards to learn Russian.
Generally, Europeans know more foreign languages than Americans.
I recommend absolutely everyone to look at this painting. It evokes inexpressible emotions and forces one to think deeply.
I was shy.
Tom makes more money than his parents.
He eventually married her.
You look good with those glasses on.
You look good without your glasses.
You look so different with those glasses on.
The world is full of problems.
Is Galileo Galilei a real name?
They won't be able to stop you.
When did you retire?
This is exactly what I wanted to see!
Tom wants to eat fried rice.
I came; I saw; I conquered.
They'll understand us.
Not a bad picture!
He'll be home a bit before five.
You look good without your glasses on.
Can you see without your glasses?
Can you read this without your glasses?
Go meet Tom.
He bragged that he was the most handsome.
He brags about himself so much!
Police used rubber bullets to subdue the rioters.
It's supposed to rain every day for the next week.
Mary can't weight bear for at least six weeks following an ankle reconstruction.
Tom had to wait on Mary hand and foot after her ankle reconstruction.
The CEO bore the brunt of investor anger after a record drop in the company's profits.
Tom couldn't make out what was written on the piece of paper.
To compute the area of a circle, you must multiply the square of the circle's radius by the number pi.
Which country is slightly larger than the Philippines in terms of land area?
Do you like Asians?
Do you like Europeans?
Do you like Africans?
Do you like North Americans?
Tom, get out of this body!
This is the worst book that I have ever read.
She is in the kitchen.
The magazine acquired a lot of readers this year.
One of the coat's sleeves is shorter than the other.
My legs hurt after the long walk.
It is easy to find a nice woman but difficult to keep her nice.
Tom was nice to all of Mary's friends.
I'll stay home tomorrow.
My aunt loves Creole music.
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Suddenly, the basement I was in started to look almost nice and warm.
The new tablet costs a fortune.
She likes strawberries and her sister likes apples.
Finally we arrived at the lake.
Don't run so fast!
Larry Ewing is married.
Works are but means to make life meaningful, not the meaning of life itself.
Do you like South Americans?
Do you like Latinos?
Never bait me with a smile.
That is poison as well.
The bait is called beauty, it does entice - one can never foretell.
I won't try to kill that thing.
She has no sense of humor.
Have you seen my feather?
Bush speaks the truth.
I took the heat for it.
Is this your obsession?
I don't like queuing.
Tom comes to see me sometimes.
She looked glamorous.
Tom totally freaked out.
Tom likes reading books.
Tom is a bit of a loner.
Tom got here last night.
Tom doesn't like to fly.
Tom didn't even read it.
Tom asked me to do this.
I think Tom can do that.
Tom works on Sundays, too.
Tom was not born blind.
Tom missed class today.
Tom is bound to forget.
Tom has to stay in bed.
Tom can play the drums.
Tom can leave tomorrow.
Tom became a policeman.
Tom always works a lot.
Tom admitted his guilt.
Tom won't forget this.
Tom was wearing a tux.
Tom is average height.
Tom commutes by train.
Tom came into my room.
Is Tom dating someone?
Tom retired at sixty.
Tom is under the bed.
Tom is a little nuts.
Tom had to go there.
I asked Tom to stay.
Tom wrote a letter.
Tom tipped his hat.
Tom looks after us.
Tom is a biologist.
Tom caught a mouse.
Tom blocked my way.
Tom began to blush.
I told Tom to stay.
Tom wrote to Mary.
Tom fed his horse.
Tom can drive now.
Tom has a radio.
Tom cheated me.
Tom kicked me.
Describe Tom.
We haven't yet been informed of the committee's decision.
My grandfather no longer has a driver's license.
I bought this guitar for just thirty dollars.
Do you think it's difficult to speak French?
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.
I didn't like being kept waiting so long.
This is exactly what I wanted to happen.
That's exactly what I wanted to happen.
This is exactly what I wanted to see.
My grandfather doesn't drive anymore.
That's exactly what I wanted to see.
I've always wanted to see Boston.
My grandfather no longer drives.
I had trouble making up my mind.
What else did you throw away?
I've already eaten my lunch.
I don't want to go to class.
I have a terrible hangover.
We're back from Australia.
Let's sing some old songs.
Can you touch the ceiling?
I don't want to get up.
What else did you say?
You're out of danger.
Tom came at an inopportune time.
Tom bought Mary some chocolates.
Tom arrived a few minutes early.
Tom wrote down all the details.
Tom would like to come with us.
Tom will pay me back next week.
Tom wants to work in a factory.
Tom wants to pay off his debts.
Tom said he's been here before.
Tom is usually home on Sundays.
Tom hurried to catch the train.
Tom got caught stealing apples.
Tom caught several large trout.
Tom can neither read nor write.
Tom asked for a drink of water.
Why did Tom lie about his age?
Tom will soon become a father.
Tom wants to pay off his loan.
Tom often eats breakfast here.
Tom isn't a bus driver, is he?
Tom is unlikely to want to go.
Tom is a very talented singer.
Tom got back home before 2:30.
Tom commutes to work by train.
Tom can't afford to buy a car.
Tom can explain the situation.
Tom came yesterday to see you.
Tom bought himself a new suit.
Tom bent down to tie his shoe.
Tom asked me to shut the gate.
Tom asked me if I were hungry.
Tom asked me about my new job.
Tom always wears dark clothes.
Tom always wears a blue shirt.
I didn't believe Tom at first.
Tom went into the room first.
Tom said that Mary likes you.
Tom often quotes Shakespeare.
Tom made it, but Mary didn't.
Tom is afraid he'll get lost.
Tom has a good ear for music.
Tom got home at exactly 2:30.
Tom got here ten minutes ago.
Tom fixed my umbrella for me.
Tom didn't notice the change.
Tom did it when he was drunk.
Tom decided to become a monk.
Tom couldn't start the motor.
Tom comes home at around six.
Tom can do it better than me.
Tom asked me which way to go.
Tom asked me if I were happy.
Tom asked Mary to not resign.
Tom wants to live in Boston.
Tom waded across the stream.
Tom usually drives too fast.
Tom is starting to annoy me.
Tom drew the shortest straw.
Tom bakes bread once a week.
Tom avoided looking at Mary.
Is Tom really that clueless?
Did you give Tom my message?
Tom was clearly in trouble.
Tom left before I got here.
Tom is quite busy just now.
Tom is my youngest brother.
Tom is just being snobbish.
Tom is clearly intelligent.
Tom has a talent for music.
Tom complains all the time.
Tom ate a piece of the pie.
Tom asked that we be quiet.
Tom asked me to draw a map.
Tom will keep us informed.
Tom was eating a sandwich.
Tom shooed the flies away.
Tom lives next door to me.
Tom left before I arrived.
Tom is teaching me French.
Tom is highly intelligent.
Tom is clearly in trouble.
Tom has a very quick mind.
Tom gave me several books.
Tom can't play the guitar.
Tom can touch the ceiling.
Tom became rich overnight.
Tom already knew about it.
Someone stole Tom's money.
I think Tom could do that.
Tom went instead of Mary.
Tom visited us yesterday.
Tom is my oldest brother.
Tom has changed his name.
Tom has been blacklisted.
Tom had dinner with Mary.
Tom drinks a lot of beer.
Tom didn't give it to me.
Tom won't pass the test.
Tom seemed angry.
We have no options.
She's Thai.
He's Thai.
She's Japanese.
She's Chinese.
He's Chinese.
She's Argentinian.
He's Argentinian.
She's Ukrainian.
He's Ukrainian.
Could you come back here again tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Tom can't afford to get married.
Tom cheated on the history exam.
Tom decided to take the day off.
Tom has decided to go to Boston.
Tom has decided to sell his car.
Tom is very gifted and talented.
Tom may do whatever he wants to.
If you do that, you are going to look ridiculous.
All we need is water.
I find it exhausting to listen to him.
Listening to him exhausts me.
Work fast, eat slow.
Why are we laughing?
Five brothers worked together on the farm.
I'm a highly trained Kipling cake eater.
He was always getting in trouble with the Old Bill.
Please!! I need a pub!
Give! Giiive!!!
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.
Cardboard is stronger than paper.
Life in Tokyo is very expensive.
Dad came home early.
I'm dying of laughter!
Tom is not open to criticism.
I wish it didn't have to be like this.
My nickname is Ryck.
I'm from France, and you?
You have legs, you go.
I understand things. I have a mouth and I can speak.
Good morning, baby! Did you sleep well?
The UK employment rate is at a record high.
French unemployment is at a record high.
Italian youth unemployment hit a record-high at 44.percent in June 2015.
The unemployment rate in the US in october was percent, the lowest level since April 2008.
The US unemployment rate hit a record high in 2009.
The Canadian unemployment rate was percent in October of 2015.
The German unemployment rate was 4.percent in October 2015, the lowest level since 1981.
The jobless rate in Japan was 3.percent in September 2015.
Put your toys back in the box.
Put your toys back into the box and then put the box on the shelf.
Is Thomas a common name where you live?
Is Mary a common name in your country?
It's important to teach children good table manners.
It's important for children to learn good table manners.
It's important to teach children proper table manners.
I have completed the moving.
That book is mine.
Cell phones are convenient, but I want them to be used responsibly.
And that's how I was late to school.
I had enjoyed some tennis.
The cat is sitting on the desk.
It is better to wake up early.
How big is the company?
I will eat a Hallowen Blue Berry Jelly Dessert.
I will eat pumpkin pudding.
I will eat coffee flavored pudding.
Will you have some coffee flavored pudding?
"Is it OK if I go to the restroom?" "Sure. I'll wait here for you then."
The water turned into ice.
I always want to read that book.
Rub my shoulders.
I like Feijoada.
Tom wanted a moderately priced car.
Let him handle it.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
I don't even know how old I am.
Would you think about marrying me?
There's no way.
That number is just perfect.
What color is the dirt?
What direction is east?
I'm afraid there is no time.
The street is empty.
After he came, the party started.
She's a bride.
Germany is in Central Europe.
Tom's parents left him.
She's hooked on Farmville.
I invited my friend to dinner.
He's my son.
At that time, my house was under construction.
We have English classes in a week.
I'll quit my job at the end of the month.
I'm looking for a hat that matches my brown one piece dress.
The dictionary that is on the desk is Tom's.
Is it all right if you come visit tomorrow?
It's embarrassing to be late for a date.
In my experience, it takes one year to learn French grammar.
I think you should leave as soon as you can.
My son became able to count to 100.
That's a really wonderful plan.
I had a meal.
Look, I said no!
Would you like another glass of water?
Hand it over!
It's a good book.
The train will come soon, right?
It was raining when I got on the bus this morning.
"Little pig, let me come in." "Come in." "You know I'm the wolf." "Yes, I do. I hope you won't eat me, will you?"
His village is just across the border.
His village is just over the border.
I will have worked hours by suppertime.
The best way to conceptualize looting is as similar to pollution, a byproduct of the economics of the antiquities trade.
It's nothing I can't handle.
I want to make a call, but I don't have change at the moment.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense how close objects are around them.
Did you catch the train?
Is Tom a common name in your country?
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.percent in September of 2015.
What's for dinner tonight?
What are we having for dinner tonight?
What's your maiden name?
Where's the dining room?
Do you think it'll fit?
A responsible student knows his or her responsibilities.
Is Sicily very close to Malta?
Marcela used to listen to 80's music.
How the hell did you get here first?
I didn't get the invitation.
I didn't get the book.
It's sheer madness.
He is a bloody fool.
Thanks for spotting the typo.
It is a proper mountain, not a hill.
They reached the mountain proper.
The player put an easy smash into the net.
In 2015, Novak Djokovic of Serbia became the third man in the Open Era of tennis (starting in 1968), after Rod Laver and Roger Federer, to reach all four Grand Slam finals in a single year.
Returning an overhead smash is one of the most difficult shots in professional tennis.
Poor little boy!
After the accident, the injured were taken to hospital.
He didn't really win the lottery. It was all a big put-on to impress his girlfriend.
The Armenian genocide was a tragic event.
More than a hundred homes have been damaged by the flood.
I decided to tell him that I am in love.
She's going to return to her country.
She has her eyes closed.
He slowly climbed the stairs.
I spent that Saturday afternoon watching TV.
She sang well as a child.
Taking too many selfies signifies a lack of sex.
We need to have a chat in private.
She has been to France three times.
I spoke with the Polish ambassador.
I have spoken with the Polish ambassador.
Mission accomplished.
He has twenty children.
With the lack of men in my life, I'm considering turning lesbian.
It's gone to shit!
Leaves turn red in autumn.
He's a Bohemian.
Tom tells everyone that Mary's the cream in his coffee.
Tears of joy streamed down Tom's face when he saw his baby daughter for the first time.
Tell them not to leave without me.
The nurse told Tom to count backwards from ten as she administered the anaesthetic.
Don't knock Tom. He's doing his best.
Tom runs the risk of burnout in his current job.
If you get that job, the world will be your oyster.
Tom's number plates were stolen and used in a ram raid.
Don't get near that dog.
I'm sorry I made you wait so long.
The notebook cost two florins.
As far as I know, that's the only possible translation.
Drink something.
We need to cancel the meeting.
Ah, someone made me a sandwich. Very nice.
I'm from Spain.
I come from Spain.
I need a tissue.
All I want to do now is sleep.
It might rain today in the afternoon.
It might rain in the afternoon.
He has Ukrainian citizenship.
Mary yodels.
One by one, the members told us about their strange experience.
When do the Christmas holidays begin?
This story tells me something.
May all men remember that they are brothers!
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen!
Have you brought the book?
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower.
The terrorist attack in Paris has shocked the world.
Tom asked me whether I was hungry.
I don't feel like getting up.
Have you seen my pen?
The telephone was invented by Bell in the year 1876.
He shot himself in the foot by accepting the contract.
She has watered the plants.
Need one make so much noise?
We've been living here since January.
I have chosen you!
Of course not!
Of course yes!
She beat me at chess.
Tom eats very quickly.
I need to sleep a little.
Tom is scratching Mary.
He was sent to prison for a crime that he didn't commit.
He was sent to prison for a crime that he did not commit.
She committed herself to helping others.
The council has committed millions of dollars to the scientific research.
Put some ice on your left leg.
Even they themselves refused to do it.
Even we ourselves were confused.
Even I myself was surprised.
Even Tom himself wasn't convinced.
Even you yourself said so.
Even you yourselves didn't know.
This is exactly what America needs.
I compiled a list of of the most common dirty words.
More and more people look for natural treatments.
Put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down.
You should put an ice pack on your ankle to keep the swelling down.
You need to put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down.
How about tomorrow night at nine?
Pronation and supination are two opposite movements.
Today I am messing up everything.
Let's not mistake precision for accuracy.
Humans have two legs.
Why did you buy that expensive dictionary?
Is air travel becoming dangerous?
Even Tom wasn't convinced.
The child was constantly interrupting her mother's conversation.
Put some ice on your leg.
The grass was growing so quickly, it had to be cut every week.
Letters from grandchildren are a source of delight.
Have emails replaced letters in today's world?
Why is my dog always scratching himself?
How is that spelled?
Is there a bank nearby?
I need to get a little sleep.
I usually eat a big breakfast and a light lunch.
Why don't you go to Boston?
How is this pronounced?
How is this word pronounced?
Aren't you a little young to be doing this?
Is money important to you?
Why would Tom lie about his age?
Why do you want to buy that for Tom?
What an insane world we live in.
They spend the night together.
You have to choose. Wild sex with a stranger, or wild sex with someone who's crazy about you.
This really isn't an island.
I am a cocaine exporter.
I'll always carry you in my heart.
I was not a lovable child.
What is your favourite bird?
When she was a kid, Mary used to take great delight in dressing her little brother up as a girl.
The weeds have really taken off after all the rain.
He has two friends who are foreigners.
Pray for Paris.
Silence is strength.
This is the worst accident that I have seen so far.
This is the best news we've heard so far.
Here's a list of difficult words I have compiled so far.
Here's a list of words I have difficulty remembering.
Here's a list of words I have difficulty remembering that I have compiled so far.
It was I who spoke with the Polish ambassador.
I hate vacations.
It was just an experiment.
That's our planet.
Come dance!
Come eat!
I bought this at the train station.
A year has months.
I attended the hour-long presentation.
I slept through the hour-long sermon.
This box is almost empty.
Didn't you see any birds?
Did you see any birds?
In modern professional tennis, winning a big tournament is considered a greater achievement than winning several smaller tournaments of the same combined value. Hence, top players typically concentrate on bigger tournaments and only play a few smaller ones in between. Consequently, top players play and win fewer matches than before. Since Ivan Lendl won out of matches he played in 1982, nobody won more than matches in a single season, except Roger Federer, who went 92-in 2006.
If Tom goes, I won't.
If Tom goes, I won't go.
She hit the nail on the head.
I invite him to the cinema.
I have found this website to be extremely useful.
He is returning to this city.
He is twenty-four years old.
Tom was in the firing line when his boss left it to him to field questions from angry shareholders.
Travel agents may be left in the firing line after a bungle from Singapore Airlines saw business fares sold at economy prices.
Police described the killer's eyes as the coldest they'd ever seen.
You can't believe everything you read in the paper.
The suspect had a nervous disposition, was a chain smoker and had bitten his nails down to the quick.
You guys go on without me; I'll be fine.
The water was so murky that the police divers had to search for the body by feel.
You want to get beaten up?
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.
She loves the children.
Tom was brought back from the very brink of death.
The very thought of eating snails makes me feel sick.
Tom was looking forward to having a few weeks off.
Tom closed the door in Mary's face.
Social media may be inhibiting the ability of young people to communicate verbally.
Tom said he wasn't looking forward to this afternoon's meeting.
About three out of every four marriages end in divorce.
Tom and Mary's kids have all now grown up and have families of their own.
The opposite of egoism is communism.
I've found this website to be extremely useful.
This milk smells bad.
Do you smell something funny?
Do you smell something strange?
Do you smell something unusual?
Don't eat that if you think it smells funny.
We've been living here since October.
Tom came home early.
What does Tom have on?
When did Tom get back?
Tom didn't come after all.
Tom designed this building.
Tom didn't accept my apologies.
Tom comes here every other week.
Tom got here early this morning.
Tom put the folder on the table.
Tom ran to catch the last train.
Tom read thirty books last year.
Tom said he knows Mary's secret.
Tom thinks that Mary will leave.
Tom asked Mary about her new job.
Tom asked me what the matter was.
Tom borrowed a car from a friend.
Tom can ski just as well as Mary.
Tom carried the suitcases for me.
Tom did what they told him to do.
Tom gave his seat to the old man.
Tom has a new girlfriend already.
Tom has three cars in his garage.
Tom is going to explain it to me.
Tom is never at a loss for words.
Tom left without even telling me.
Tom looks just like a guy I know.
Tom seems to know a lot about me.
Tom usually leaves home at seven.
Tom was the last one to get here.
Tom was the only one in the room.
Tom wasn't able to understand it.
Tom wouldn't listen to my advice.
Tom wouldn't look at my proposal.
Tom's nervousness was noticeable.
Both Tom and I can't speak French.
I think that Tom is an honest man.
I'm pretty sure Tom could do that.
Tom asked Mary to read it for him.
Tom asked me if I knew his father.
Tom believes everything Mary says.
Tom cleaned his room this morning.
Tom commutes to school by bicycle.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary.
Tom didn't attend class last week.
Tom didn't attend today's meeting.
Tom didn't get home till midnight.
Tom didn't know where his pen was.
Tom didn't understand Mary's joke.
Tom filled both glasses with wine.
Tom gave away everything he owned.
Tom goes there three times a week.
Tom had one of his legs amputated.
Tom has committed a serious crime.
Tom has decided to major in music.
Tom is eating breakfast right now.
Tom is getting married next month.
Tom loves his children, of course.
Tom said that he'd call you later.
Tom spent the afternoon with Mary.
Tom will drive you to the airport.
Tom works at a hospital near here.
Tom wouldn't let anybody help him.
Tom almost always wears sunglasses.
Tom asked Mary why she was so late.
Tom broke his arm playing football.
Tom can't read without his glasses.
Tom is going to explain it to Mary.
Tom left his sunglasses in his car.
Tom said that the soup was too hot.
Tom says he's cut down on drinking.
Tom wanted Mary to play the violin.
Tom washed the blood off his hands.
Tom wondered why his wife left him.
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.
Tom asked me how I liked my new job.
Tom asked me to wake him up at 2:30.
Tom bought himself a new sports car.
Tom can do it way better than I can.
Tom can't do even simple arithmetic.
Tom comes home almost every weekend.
Tom did exactly as I told him to do.
Tom forgot to bring his lunch today.
Tom got here at 2:this afternoon.
Tom got home later than usual today.
Tom has decided to have the surgery.
Tom has decided to take the day off.
Tom ordered apple pie, and so did I.
Tom said that he didn't know French.
Tom takes very good care of his car.
Tom was the first to enter the room.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his room.
Call Tom and tell him you'll be late.
Tom bought some vegetables and fruit.
Tom burned his hand on the hot stove.
It's expensive to rent an office in downtown Boston.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcasted live on TV last night.
You will accompany the children to school.
The soldier gave me water.
I know a few words of French, just enough to be understood.
Justice demands retribution!
My hand is too full!
The silence and stealth of a hungry cat.
I do not trust talkative people.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
I don't like being judged.
Some religious people can be very judgemental.
In today's busy world, many people are constantly juggling home, work and social commitments.
It's important to try and strike a balance between home, work and personal interests, so that no one aspect dominates our life.
What is the year of your car?
She also loves books.
We are from Russia.
He does not speak English.
They do not speak English.
She does not speak English.
You do not speak English.
"Who is in the car?" "Marija."
Marija bought a microscope.
Mario bought a microscope.
You look a bit better today.
The business owner wants to maximize profit.
The man is wearing grubby clothes.
The boy wears mittens during cold weather.
The teacher checks the class roster.
I often wear sandals during warm weather.
The balloon deflated quickly.
I have only one sibling.
My mother planted daffodils in the garden.
A doe is a female deer.
The magazine is published bimonthly.
One hundred nations ratified the treaty.
His actions had irrevocable consequences.
My grandmother made delicious homemade fudge.
Tulips are my favorite kind of flower.
The young child uses crayons to draw a picture.
Raspberry jam on toast is my favorite breakfast meal.
I am adhering to a strict diet regimen.
If you have a couple minutes, could you hear me out?
Put some clothes on, you'll catch a cold.
There's something in your hair.
If you sleep with so little on, you'll catch a cold.
People like you piss me off the most.
You shouldn't worry about something so small.
Sorry, I said too much.
We've never gone this way, have we?
Where does all that confidence come from?
How are you so good at English?
Is there anything you want to try when you grow up?
Looks like the weather's gotten worse, eh?
It's not your fault, don't worry.
I exercised like I used to, and now I'm all worn out.
If you sleep dressed like that, you'll catch a cold.
Why are pretty things so fragile?
I can't imagine life without music.
I'll wait at the bus stop.
You don't need to speak so loudly, I can hear you.
Um, there's something I want to ask you about.
I'll come back tomorrow if I can.
I wonder if there really is a Santa Claus.
Boys are all morons, eh...
Do you figure there's any reason to make a vocabulary book?
I'm sorry I was born.
It's obviously a lie.
I don't need such superficial friends.
Sorry, I complained a lot.
I start early tomorrow, maybe I should go to sleep soon.
It was good chatting like old times. Let's talk again some time.
There's sad news.
You can use the bath before me.
I don't want to cause anyone any more trouble.
I wonder why there's school even when it's this cold.
What is happiness to you?
Can I borrow the hair dryer?
What did you mean in that email you just sent?
Don't ever touch my things again.
Do you think there are aliens?
The baker in front of City Hall increased his prices.
If you have something to say, just say it.
Santa Claus is really just dad, right?
Maybe it's best not to add pepper.
Your face is red. Are you okay? Perhaps you have a fever?
I wonder who this bizarre law is for.
Don't cry. I'll start crying too.
I should've read the original work before watching the movie.
I wonder if I have any reason to live.
You're tired, aren't you? You should sleep.
It'd be nice if we had curry for dinner tonight.
What time do you leave tomorrow?
Tomorrow is early for you; shouldn't you sleep?
How did you get those bruises on your legs?
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
You have a funny laugh.
I can say this now, but for a while I hated your guts.
I think everything happens for a reason.
Look, a tomato which grew up listening to Mozart!
Are you saying that I killed Tom?
Are you saying that you killed Tom?
Don't be a crybaby!
Look, tomatoes which grew up listening to Mozart!
I wonder if my life is worth living.
Tom has a funny way of laughing, doesn't he?
You have to get up early tomorrow. Why don't you go to bed?
You're tired, aren't you? Why don't you get to bed?
Are you telling me to kill Tom?
You seem tired. You should go to bed.
The other day you said you lost your umbrella. Did you ever find it?
If you worry too much, you'll go bald.
Would you like milk and sugar?
A former wife is an ex-wife.
Power? Money? Everything seems so ridiculous now!
These are my contact details.
All I want is some camaraderie.
When did the meeting adjourn?
Instead, I could help you out.
How come that happened to us?
We had chatted for almost five minutes without being able to speak one another's language.
Remember that you are mortal.
Hey! Your ball just broke my window!
In my opinion, my German is not good enough.
How do you put up with the noise?
How can you put up with the noise?
It sucks to be you.
This whole thing was a lame excuse.
Fresh vegetables contain many nutrients.
The dog growled at me.
When Tom showed up late for work for the third time in a row, his boss told him that it was the last straw and that he would have to fire him.
I saw a hippo at the zoo.
Songwriting is a hobby of mine.
Tom's youngest daughter is the apple of his eye.
Doctors and nurses carry stethoscopes.
"Let's have one for the road!", Tom told his friend at the pub.
She unzips her backpack.
She unwraps her birthday gift.
I'd like some unsweetened tea, please.
You shouldn't give up your beliefs just because you married someone whose opinion is different.
She was unamused by the joke.
He surfs every day during the summer.
I've just talked to Tom about that matter.
My grandmother owns many scarves.
I'd like two scoops of ice cream in a cone, please.
Taking unnecessary risks is pushing your luck!
He slams the door shut.
We've just had dinner.
"Finish doing your homework before you go out to play", Tom's mother told him.
Tom hit the nail on the head when he said our team lacks enthusiasm and motivation.
All the apples are here.
Why are you not with me?
She didn't drink the milk.
Can you tell me where the restroom is?
Why don't we let Tom handle this matter? After all, he's the expert, right?
Vote for us.
Do you know Turkish?
You'd be a fool if you borrowed money from a loan shark.
Why don't you go to a bank?
People are complicated organisms.
She will turn sixty-five years old tomorrow.
Tom says Mary is his soul mate and that they were made for each other.
Yesterday I played with Tony.
Tom always wears his new shoes at home first to break them in.
Doctors say that children who were breastfed are usually healthier.
Tom was going to go hang gliding, but then he chickened out.
Tom had planned to ask his boss for a raise, but he chickened out.
Tom felt like he was walking a tightrope and that the worst could happen if he made the wrong move.
February has twenty-nine days in leap years.
What are we having today?
What do we have today?
Is there a tracking number for the package?
Your tracking number is: 111222333.
What day are we on?
The child pretended to cry so it could get some sympathy.
You don't expect an answer now, do you?
The daily newspaper brings the world's problems to the breakfast table.
Can wars be solved by diplomacy? One would fervently hope so.
The frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair.
You're not wearing that to the party, are you?
You'll be there, won't you?
Tom always leaves everything to the last minute.
Tom is red-green colour blind.
There's a stark difference in background and ideology between the two presidential candidates.
Richard Krajicek is known as the only player to beat Pete Sampras at Wimbledon between and 2000. He upset Pistol Pete in straight sets in the quarterfinal en route to winning the Wimbledon Championships, which came to be the only Grand Slam title in his career.
In my house, the garden is small.
I think you've put your sweatshirt on inside out.
We'll have to tighten our belts if the economy doesn't pick up soon.
Your closet is already packed. You will have to make room for the new clothes you bought somewhere else.
Sexual harassment can be a serious problem in the workplace.
When Tom finally decided to come out of the closet, everyone already knew he was gay.
Tom came out as soon as he went to college.
This subject is extremely controversial.
I would like to ask you a question.
Don't use a language other than Esperanto!
Don't use another language!
Alsace is the smallest administrative region.
Alsace is a very beautiful province of France.
He doesn't speak in other languages besides Esperanto!
Sylvia lives in Alsace.
Are you drunk or something?
I'm not too sure how to pronounce that word.
I didn't go to the zoo.
The wind has dropped.
It certainly looks like rain.
"Are you gonna do it for the love or the money?" "I'm gonna do it for the money."
I want to study Dutch.
All that matters is to be happy.
It is all because of you.
She has invited you all.
Tom, could you shut up for just ten seconds?
My cellphone fell on the floor.
I want Tom to be arrested.
Three dancers danced the difficult dance.
How far is it to this university?
Should I go this way, or that way?
Roger Federer is one of the few tennis players to have both delivered and suffered a crushing defeat in a Grand Slam final. He double-bagelled Lleyton Hewitt in the US Open final and himself got bagelled and breadsticked by Rafael Nadal in the French Open final.
Those women are cold-blooded killers.
You are what matters to me.
"When you woke up this morning, what gave you the belief that this moment was possible?" "No."
Avoid crossing this street when it's raining.
Don't go out in this heat without covering your head.
I will write him when I know his address.
I will write her when I know her address.
I will write you when I know your address.
It's useless if you don't do it with rhythm!
I'd like to be as rich as him.
They play a lot together.
She is three years younger than Mary.
My opinion is the same as yours.
I started talking.
Have you ever been in Italy?
I have a broken nail.
God, I hate my job.
I like English class.
This building has floors and apartments.
I recorded English words in my neurons.
This is not your knife.
How can you go on so blithely, pretending nothing's wrong, when something so horrible has happened?
Have you ever seen Tom angry?
Have you ever seen Tom mad?
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?
Have you ever seen Tom when he's mad?
Have you ever seen Tom without his glasses on?
Have you ever seen Tom not wearing glasses?
It doesn't matter whether you do this, that, or the other thing. It's all irrelevant anyway.
We need to know whether it's true or not.
I am such a wonderful person.
An expert appraised the value of the watch as two hundred dollars.
As I said before.
Did I get you right?
You were saying?
Oh, that. That explains it.
Next time lucky.
As innocent as a babe unborn.
What, again?
Tom is a butcher.
Tom is a gambler.
Tom called a taxi.
Tom died last night.
Tom is a clever boy.
Tom is a cardiologist.
Tom drank a cup of tea.
Tom followed my advice.
Tom has won many races.
Tom disagreed with Mary.
Tom fell into the ditch.
Tom is a capable lawyer.
Tom is a careful worker.
Tom doesn't eat raw fish.
Tom doesn't have to know.
Tom doesn't like bananas.
Tom has finally resigned.
Tom doesn't have a hat on.
Tom doesn't have any pets.
Tom drank a lot yesterday.
Tom drives a pickup truck.
Tom won't be here tonight.
Tom worked hard yesterday.
Tom doesn't have any proof.
Tom earns double my salary.
Tom fell asleep immediately.
Tom can do it faster than me.
Tom didn't go home yesterday.
Tom rejected all of my ideas.
Tom earns twice as much as me.
Tom told everyone to sit down.
Tom doesn't live very far away.
Tom is a good singer, isn't he?
Tom didn't explain it very well.
Tom doesn't care about anything.
If I could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
If he could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
Tom earns twice as much as I do.
Thank you for a nice day.
I'm really grateful to you.
Sorry, I didn't quite catch what you said.
If you know how to do it better than me, just go ahead and do it alone.
I can understand many foreign languages, but I speak them poorly or not at all.
I read many foreign languages, but speak none.
It's good that the horse didn't suffer.
They play together a lot.
Tom wasn't able to open the box.
Tom does what he thinks is right.
Tom did what he thought was right.
Tom drank three glasses of water.
I think Tom didn't understand you.
Tom works as hard as anybody else.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help him.
I don't have very much money on me.
Tom doesn't like any kind of music.
Tom doesn't know where he should go.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you now.
Tom earns three times as much as me.
Tom fell into the water and drowned.
Tom seldom listens to music at home.
Tom wasn't able to get the box open.
Tom wrote down everything Mary said.
Tom came close to being hit by a car.
Tom came in first in the competition.
Tom came over and had dinner with us.
Tom can borrow my car for a few days.
Tom can do better than that, I think.
Tom comes to school by bus and train.
Tom described the incident in detail.
Tom didn't get here until after dark.
Tom doesn't have anyone to play with.
Tom is proud of his stamp collection.
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.
Do you have a Finnish dictionary?
I don't know who did it.
Never being discouraged is the secret to my success.
She ate well.
They headed down the stairs.
This week, people have written at least one Esperanto sentence on Tatoeba.
Hang the painting.
Don't let them win.
Let me know when you'll be ready.
Let me know when you're done.
Let me know when you've finished.
I didn't warn you.
The Netherlands and the Isles of Scilly technically warred for years.
Tom resold his home.
She had never seen a fuller beard than his.
Stop pouting!
Stop sulking!
I've been wanting to do that for a long time.
I'll send it to you tomorrow.
My brother's broken his leg and has to use crutches for three weeks.
I've finally understood that you don't want to talk to me anymore.
At daybreak it was still raining.
A piece of paper fell on the ground.
The public only knows what they've been told by the state media.
I only know what I've been told.
We only do what we've been told.
The opposite of easy is difficult.
Anyone fancy a cuppa?
His handwriting slants forwards, whereas hers slants backwards.
Not everyone is like you.
Life will never be the same again.
He knew that life would never be the same again.
There are too many adverts on youtube.
There is nothing to be gained by praising a spoiled child. They should be brought up strictly.
Who was this done by?
By whom was this done?
Tom has never lived anywhere but Boston.
Tom has never lived anywhere except Boston.
Tom can speak neither French nor English.
Tom often plays piano in the evening.
Tom says he feels a lot better today.
Tom told me what was happening there.
Tom was supposed to call around 2:30.
Tom watches at least one movie a day.
Tom won't be home for dinner tonight.
Tom wondered which one he should buy.
Tom's dirty clothes are on the floor.
Tom's last name is hard to pronounce.
Tom comes and sees me once in a while.
Tom comes to visit us once in a while.
Tom denied the accusation immediately.
Tom didn't know why his wife left him.
Tom doesn't take vacations very often.
Tom doesn't want to work in a factory.
Tom goes to mass every Sunday morning.
Tom goes to the same school that I do.
Tom has begun to look into the matter.
Tom has decided to have the operation.
Tom has started to look for a new job.
Tom has started looking for a new job.
Tom is going to pay me back next week.
Tom is playing poker with his friends.
Tom is the one who doesn't understand.
Tom showed us a picture of his mother.
Tom spent a lot of money last weekend.
Another, less polite, word for perspiration is sweat.
A dog bit his leg.
They are all good teachers.
As for me, I don't object to your point of view.
He no longer speaks to his daughters.
He responded to his parents.
I was born in San Francisco.
He's proposing a suggestion for altering the research method.
Ah Mei is an adorable girl.
The city was full of starving soldiers.
You all were very good before, and now you're even better.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
They're typical youngsters.
I love this man.
The five yuan coins are brass, and the ten yuan coins are made out of bronze.
Yesterday my big brother went to Fukushima to help the locals. I'm very afraid of the rise in radiation levels.
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you.
Beijing has started to get colder.
I don't feel very good when I haven't eaten breakfast.
I like to take a walk after meals.
I've got to go to the bank.
I live in Beijing now.
I currently live in Beijing.
I really like Hebrew.
If it's raining tomorrow, then we'll go there in the car.
We're amazed by the rapid growth in import quantities.
The rapid growth in imports amazes us.
I admit, my wording is a bit direct.
The weather is exceptionally frigid.
The weather is unusually cold.
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem.
Arrogance leads to a person's downfall.
I'm so disappointed in him.
Don't let appearances deceive you.
A timely snow promises a good harvest.
Okay, I got it. Cut the BS.
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.
Damn, it's hot!
He came across an outstanding young person.
The air is very good in Beijing today.
Nobody knows why she doesn't like me.
You may take this.
Yet again, I've purchased useless junk.
Just like humans, the eyesight of dogs gets worse with age.
Tom said that, from childhood, he had felt like a girl who had been born in the body of a man.
Not one friend came.
No friends came.
Is this "giving sermons" or "sticking one's nose in someone else's business"?
Is this patronizing or meddling in someone else's business?
Give me a phrase with that word.
Tell me a phrase with that word.
They forced me to lie.
Tom forced me to follow him to his room.
It doesn't matter whether you have money or not. I love you just the same.
Tom forced me to send your wife that letter.
We're intimate friends.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
Basketball is very fun to play.
Basketball is a lot of fun to play.
It's a lot of fun to play basketball.
The bird likes rice.
You can't be young.
This suit seems really expensive.
As the saying goes: "good always triumphs over evil". But there's another saying that: "the fight against evil is a constant struggle".
I can go to your house tomorrow.
I feel exhausted because of jet lag.
He complained that the room was too small.
We are planning changes to the manufacturing process.
I've had a lot of work to do lately.
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.
They haven't given up at all.
What stop is this?
Excuse me. Where's the metro?
Excuse me. Where's the subway?
Ten years after the wedding, everything is just routine.
The scar on his forehead really stands out.
I went running past them.
His face looks so sad.
Why should this happen?
I don't have any other questions.
I have a bit of bad news.
I never thought something like that could happen.
The incident was so poignant.
If you are too shy to ask, you will lose your way.
Not everything can be explained.
Maybe I'll leave tomorrow.
Sweet oranges are not very sour.
He will never believe me again.
I've seen the incident for a short time.
Yesterday, I went to the market to buy some sweet oranges.
He has a disappointed look on his face because he knows that his grade went down.
Is that the jewel we've been looking for all this time?
Despite being in different high schools, Widia and Susan still get along well.
Is a natural science major better than a social science major?
The Islamic economic system hasn't been put into practice in Islamic boarding schools up to now.
From whom did Jihan know that Nel has a loving relationship with another person?
From whom did Dejan know the song I've ever sung with my fellow friends from my village?
There is only Ila in natural science major, while Aldi, Ifan, and Ati are in social science major.
She saved some money for a rainy day.
Imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine.
They drink coffee at home.
He ate poisonous mushrooms.
He left me with tons of hard work to do.
He dropped a bunch of hard tasks on me.
He foisted a bunch of hard work on me.
We're having a barbeque on Sunday.
Everybody gets a second chance.
He shaved his moustache.
Sorry, I'm late.
See how much more carefully made these are compared to those?
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas.
I just finished reading this book.
When does the game start?
I'm reading your book.
He's always punctual.
He always arrives on time.
She always dresses very simply.
She always dresses very modestly.
She has wishes.
Have a pleasant trip.
Just say what you want to say.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
Translating wears a person out.
Translating is exhausting.
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.
The vast majority of Chinese people have never met foreigners before, so it feels odd for them, like meeting space aliens.
She is very proud of her talent.
I'm going to call my daughter.
I log in to Tatoeba once a week.
I log into Tatoeba weekly.
I'm sick of eating fast food.
I'm fed up with fast food.
There are thousands of participants at today's event.
Every time I go to Paris, I visit the Sacred Heart Basilica, sit on the steps, and listen to the people below singing and playing musical instruments.
I love you. Is there any chance you might love me back?
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
I gave all of the Chinese proverbs back to the teacher.
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.
The school won't turn on the air conditioning, so the students are going to throw their hot water flasks off of the balcony in protest.
Sorry to bother you!
I was born in Mexico on a beautiful day in May.
I can't believe you've never heard of a kumquat!
The rambutan is native to tropical regions of Southeast Asia.
Lychees are one of my favourite fruits.
I'm in prison.
Depending on the species, guavas may be round or oval.
Between them, India and Brazil produce over half the world's papaya.
Pomegranates are increasingly popular in cooking and baking, whether as juice, garnish, or focal ingredient.
The pomegranate originated in the region of modern-day Iran, and is now widely cultivated across the globe.
The mango is the national fruit of several countries.
They can't stand passionfruit, but I think it's delicious.
Strawberries and raspberries are both examples of an aggregate fruit.
The pitaya's common English name of "dragon fruit" reflects its vernacular name in many Asian languages.
Tamarind is popular in many South Asian and Central American cuisines.
She prefers blood oranges.
This is the highest selling book of the month.
Listening to a language being spoken is very different from reading or writing the same language.
I like to listen to you when you speak.
The boy runs quickly.
Maybe it'll refresh your memory!
Is there intelligent life on Earth?
Translating is a great pleasure for me. I wouldn't do it otherwise.
Ten thousand sentences in Lojban are on Tatoeba.
Not surprisingly, most contributors of Lojban indicate no country in their profiles.
I've been able to drive for more than twenty years.
How long have you been able to drive?
I suspect there was an intruder who got into the bedroom.
He gave me a golden luxury watch.
She gave me a golden luxury watch.
My longing for you is killing me!
That's how I like it.
That's how we want it written.
Dark and strong is how I like my coffee.
That's how we want you to do it.
This is the color we want you to paint our fence.
I like my coffee dark and strong.
Tom teaches history at a high school.
Tom told me that my hair was too long.
Tom will explain the situation to you.
Tom would tell me the truth, I'm sure.
Tom writes to me at least once a week.
I doubt that Tom will keep his promise.
Tom always needs to have the last word.
Tom always sleeps with his window open.
Tom asked Mary to do something for him.
Tom asked Mary who painted the picture.
Tom asked me to wake him at six-thirty.
Tom asked me whether I was busy or not.
Tom believes everything that Mary says.
Tom came to Boston when he was a child.
Tom can touch his nose with his tongue.
Tom did his best, but he failed anyway.
Tom did what he could for his children.
Tom doesn't play with his toys anymore.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he's lost.
Tom pulled something out of his pocket.
Tom ran into an old friend in the park.
Tom rented an apartment on Park Street.
Tom says he's decided to give it a try.
Tom showed me his collection of stamps.
Tom stole a very valuable diamond ring.
Tom thinks those shoes will be too big.
Tom won't be ready to leave until 2:30.
Tom works as hard as anybody else does.
Tom wrote down Mary's telephone number.
I think that Tom didn't mean to do that.
Tom asked the teacher several questions.
Tom bought a small house on Park Street.
Tom bought three bars of soap yesterday.
She's very proud of her abilities.
The truth lies in the middle.
I really like the technique called chiaroscuro.
He is a genius in his own opinion.
This phone is not working as it should.
He is better than me.
Esperanto, official language of the European Union, now!
I'll come at five o'clock.
I hope we will get to the bottom of this mystery together.
Which is bigger, Japan or Britain?
The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom.
What are you expecting for the new year?
We have started to recycle our newspapers.
I don't feel like running all the way to the station.
My house is on the outskirts of the city.
She sings it in an astonishing way.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to Paulo's house.
It's a fog that you can cut with a knife.
They are fighting.
She's not coming on the trip because her parents won't let her.
We have a square table.
She has not replied.
His English has gotten a lot better.
Don't forget to put out the fire!
We're going for a walk in the park.
Yangzi avoided the question I asked him.
I have plenty of them.
They kill two birds with one stone.
It's snowing outside, cover up.
Cover up, we're going to leave.
How do you say "të lutem" in Italian?
Society is divided.
This is my sister, Aynur.
Can you explain it to me, please?
You can't do this!
In Albania, nature is very wealthy.
Life is the only road that can't be traveled twice.
Which food do you like best?
A person's beauty is their conduct in society.
The form varies, but in principle you remain alone.
You should go to the commission.
The books are on the bench.
First the emigrants, then you. Solidarity is our response to social cannibalism.
My mom and I miss my dad.
I love my house.
My dad loves us.
When Di Ma tried for the 966th time, he had already begun to lose hope.
She has no more than twelve cubs.
She used the apples to make the jam.
When Mikel is at home, he works on cleaning the windows.
This company and I have signed a three-year contract.
We are truly pleased.
I can't see anything without my glasses.
I want to drink a cold beer.
He does not even deserve to have the sun shine on him.
He reads a lot.
I notice that you use plain, simple language, short words and brief sentences. That is the way to write English ― it is the modern way and the best way. Stick to it; don't let fluff and flowers and verbosity creep in.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom.
I wish I were as rich as Tom.
Tom won't come to our party.
Tom is a third-year student.
Tom has a receding hairline.
Tom is always bothering me.
I currently live in Boston.
Tom is writing a new book.
Tom is wearing a new coat.
Tom is very sophisticated.
Tom is a very good batter.
Can I stop over in Boston?
Tom is fairly well known.
Tom is acting on his own.
Tom is a very clever boy.
Tom is being a nuisance.
This is my sister, Mary.
This is my brother, Tom.
Mary is a very shy girl.
How did you like Boston?
Tom is rich and single.
Tom is also a salesman.
Tom is afraid of death.
Tom is a very nice boy.
Tom is a salesman, too.
Tom often wears black.
Tom is already a man.
Does Tom know French?
Tom is a man now.
Tom is a singer.
Are you winning?
Is your French improving?
Those girls are very busy.
The beautiful widow was being talked about by the people in the village.
I don't trust talkative people.
She is due soon.
She's due soon.
Mary woke up very early in the morning to prepare a pie for Tom.
The door hinge's creaking is annoying!
The boy didn't have an appetite.
Mary used the apples that Tom gave her to make apple butter.
This isn't your hat, is it?
Tom, this is my brother, John.
This is the new model.
The girl was carrying several books. Not textbooks, but thick hardback books.
She doesn't want to be with anyone.
Some people are completely unscrupulous.
They listened to the lecture very attentively.
Which days of the week does your favourite rock band play?
The train we'll be on will arrive at p.m.
A referee must be fair to both teams.
He was all alone in the room.
Betty managed to sing well.
I'll say this: you won't get anywhere by being angry with me.
What does he do?
She often sits there reading a book.
I can't even begin to comprehend why somebody would do something like this.
If you paid attention, you'd be worried too.
March is Pi Day.
Everything has changed. I am no longer myself.
Don't worry. Everything is going well.
Even I don't understand what I say anymore.
As you say.
Tom broke something again?
Have you seen Tom without glasses before?
How long have you been here for?
What's he doing over there?
He's twenty-four years old.
I hate celery!
Tom can't come in.
A fly fell in the soup!
Don't go near this dog.
Don't mourn.
Don't grieve.
I had my fill of turkey at the Thanksgiving dinner.
After the princess had her fill of wild berries, she fell into a deep sleep.
Who will want a motorcycle with screeching brakes?
I figured out every word in the crossword puzzle except the last one.
So long as you have no proof, this conversation never happened.
So long as you have no evidence for your assertions, I am not having this conversation.
I read many foreign languages, but I don't speak any.
I think I'll be back in about minutes.
Mom will buy us a puppy.
It looks quite different around here than it used to.
All of us play the piano.
Children should be allowed to be children.
I have an appointment tonight.
I'm sorry to always be bothering you.
I need to read but I don't have books!
My name appeared in all my country's newspapers.
Respect for the French! They consciously use their own language despite the influence of English spreading all over the world due to globalization.
That thingamajig does not work.
He boiled some eggs in the kitchen.
Inhaling concentrated acetic acid can harm your lungs.
Could you serve this meal without salt?
I understand what you're saying intellectually, but it doesn't resonate with me emotionally.
Empty places produce the best echoes.
The cry echoed.
What's your take?
Two people were killed in a traffic accident.
The ship is on its way to Finland.
Why don't we take a short break?
If I find your passport, I'll call you.
I think we'll get off at the next station.
Are you wearing shoes?
I don't think Tom is involved in that scandal.
I'd like to buy that one.
Brrr! It's really cold in here.
Aw, sorry you missed the show.
Pfft! Who cares what Tom thinks?
Ugh! I hate snakes!
Oh, I love cheesecake! Yum!
Uh-oh! Mommy's home. You better clean up the mess.
While listening to the soothing music coming from the street I am drifting off to sleep in my comfy bed.
"You'll die." "All of us will die."
The houses along the river are very old.
Tom's a loner who shuns close relationships.
Hot and blustery conditions will exacerbate the risk of fire tomorrow.
The judges' decision is final and no further correspondence will be entered into.
If you want to send a Christmas parcel to Australia, you should post it now.
Look at all the brush that has built up around the house. It needs to be cleared.
Somewhere in La Mancha, in a place whose name I cannot recall, there lived not long ago a nobleman. To his name he had a lance in its sheath, an old leather buckler, a scrawny workhorse and a greyhound that scurried about.
There are more and more sentences.
I was born in Osaka, but I grew up in Tokyo.
Are there always so many people here?
What are you unhappy about?
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
We can't know what the future has in store.
Somebody is shouting my name.
Someone's shouted my name.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.
To err is to be human.
It is human to make mistakes.
Shanghai has everything under the sun when it comes to food.
He needs ten hours to get dressed.
It's hard to endure the boastings of the French.
Children often wet their beds at night.
Can you let me by?
Can you let me pass?
Can I get by you?
Where do you feel uncomfortable?
What can you give me to drink so I can quench my thirst?
Lower your voices!
Perhaps it's because the web is slow.
If you use this modern equipment, it will save a lot of manpower.
John, you've been working too hard. Have a seat and rest awhile.
The doctor works from morning until night.
The doctor is working from morning til night.
Life would be impossible without the sun.
Without the sun, there would be no life.
Without the sun, life is impossible.
He surpasses his rivals in all ways.
He is superior to his opponents in all respects.
I would like to become a poet.
Are there French speakers in Canada?
Are there francophones in Canada?
Look guys, the window and even the kitchen door have both been left open!
Everybody likes to goof off.
I haven't gotten any messages from him since then.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
The source of many of our mistakes is a lack of patience.
I find the problem easier than I originally believed it to be.
I find this problem easier than I originally thought.
The expansion of the building's west end is being studied.
You've had a very restless night.
One more time!
But I haven't looked up this tracking number on the DHL website.
Put on the hat.
He's just as tall as the other boys in his class.
I think the same way as you do.
Cuba is in South America.
I have to take a test tomorrow.
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the complete truth.
He has something that I don't: faith.
She made a vanilla chocolate cake for four people.
It's kind of in vogue, but the price is too much!
It's sort of fashionable, but the price is too high!
There still aren't any highways in this mountain region. All goods are transported on the backs of people and horses.
I believe he will triumph.
I believe he can win.
I'm going to stay here until the day after tomorrow.
The birds soar in the air.
What are you looking at, little one?
The union and the company have agreed upon a new contract.
It doesn't matter whether your beard has grown for four years or seven. When the barber shaves it he'll use that same blade.
"Why should Japanese people have to study English? Foreigners should have to study Japanese!" "What you say makes sense!"
I'm from Japan.
Many people cannot understand the way hackers behave.
Many people are unable to comprehend the actions of hackers.
Let's get married!
She gave her seat to an elderly person.
You haven't even updated the firmware?
Alright! Ten yuan buys five kilos, OK?
We're buying movie tickets.
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.
Confirm the order.
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
Which one of these boys is Masao?
I left Japan ten years ago.
Sorry for telephoning you so early.
Sorry for calling you so early.
You are really crafty.
You're a clever one.
I believe you're honest.
Other people can think what they want, as long as they think like I do.
Mary purchased all her clothing from a magazine because she lived too far from the shops.
Tom preferred to shop in person.
Postage is becoming too expensive.
Letter writing is becoming a lost art.
Mary's new hair style is most becoming.
I tear up whenever I hear that song.
That's just the way it's got to be.
The problem is Tom's complete unwillingness to negotiate.
Sorry, my mind was elsewhere.
Tom put fifty dollars on an odds-on favourite.
Police have urged the man involved in a fatal stabbing to turn himself in.
Tom and John had an argument about Mary that ended in a punch-up.
The fatal stabbing was sparked by an argument that got out of control.
Tom grew up in a one-horse town and was overwhelmed when he moved to the big smoke.
Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.
Tom was trying to do it, but he couldn't.
Welcome to your new home.
Tom preferred to shop in-store.
I'm an amoeba.
I will plan my business trip according to Tom's availability.
She won't let you leave.
By the way, what's your address?
I don't want to swim.
A splinter of wood, barely visible to the naked eye, caused a very painful infection in one of Tom's fingers.
One of the most painful places to get a splinter is under the fingernail.
Your father will never be dead while ever you're alive.
Mummy, what is Santa Claus's address? I want to send him a letter.
The president flies to the city in a helicopter.
Has the rain stopped? It would be good if it has.
Has the rain stopped? It would be good if it had.
Did your girlfriend like the flowers?
A framed photo of my family hangs above my desk.
It'll work next time.
It will work next time.
Liisa dislikes snakes.
Please, take some!
Mari got depressed due to Tom.
Never ever do it like this again!
There are a lot of bad people in the world.
There are many bad people in the world.
The patient is more alive than dead.
But it's me who should thank you.
You have washed the laundry.
What is the likelihood of it happening within the next hour?
What is the likelihood of survival?
I just acquired some land that's contiguous to your farm.
Tom hardly laid a glove on his opponent.
Tom's team was completely outclassed.
Tom's bout went the full distance.
It's feared that some low-lying Pacific Island nations will disappear as seas rise as a result of global warming.
Tom looked so different after his haircut.
Mary's self-conscious about the gap between her front teeth.
Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.
I missed an opportunity to clobber him.
Mary, come quick! Tom is going wild and is going to beat John with a stick!
The inability to beat up a classmate has produced more great thinkers than all the secrets of the Universe.
Exactly!
Where on earth have you been all this time?
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
There are many dishonest people in the world.
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.
There aren't as many trains at night.
I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.
In the summer, I wear short-sleeve shirts.
Compasses point north.
Tom couldn't see anything.
Tom couldn't say anything else.
To join the choir, you have to be able to read music.
You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.
You have to audition to join the choir.
Mary had some weird food cravings when she was pregnant.
The young girl hugged Tom.
Why are you dragging this out?
Today we will be spoiled by spring sunshine.
Every advantage has its disadvantage.
I don't drive often.
We don't trust the government.
Consuming less fuel is better for the environment.
Tom drives at mph on the highway in order to save fuel.
You are fucked, my friend.
Man, you're a fucking dupe.
Tom schemed to destroy the project.
Tom plotted to destroy the project.
The video isn't working because you haven't switched it on.
The handwritten text is illegible.
A draw is held for those who have participated in our survey. Every month, thirty people will be chosen at random and presented with a gift voucher to the value of 10,Yen.
It made me resist the language I was learning.
I guess it really worked for you.
Tom wakes up when it is already quite light.
He is in a hurry to catch the eight o'clock train.
We haven't had breakfast even though it is noon now.
I work even though I'm on vacation.
Don't make fun of me when I'm speaking seriously.
I don't completely agree with you.
I totally disagree with you.
I don't fully agree with you.
I don't agree with you completely.
Tom always seems to be dissatisfied.
Tom is worried that he'll get lost.
Tom is working as a security guard.
Tom frequently makes witty remarks.
Tom is very interested in history.
Tom is a very capable businessman.
Tom often buys expensive clothes.
Tom is already beginning to talk.
Tom is afraid of making mistakes.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom is.
Tom will never believe me again.
I wish I were as rich as Tom is.
Tom is working on the new plan.
Tom is well known in Australia.
Tom is too far away to hear us.
Tom is almost thirty years old.
Tom always loses his umbrellas.
I'm currently living in Boston.
Tom is working on a new novel.
Tom is a well-informed person.
You can omit the preposition in this sentence.
Tom has his own room.
Each month, a gift certificate worth 10,yen will be given to thirty people chosen at random who have completed this questionnaire.
May I change the channel?
Is it OK if I change the channel?
Is it a good source of protein?
Is it a good source of potassium?
Are eggs a good source of protein?
Bananas are a good source of potassium.
What are some good sources of protein?
Chicken, tuna and soybeans are good sources of protein.
A book is open on the desk.
They say that Hungarian is one of the most difficult languages in the world.
"I wonder if it's stopped raining." "I hope so."
I was surfing on the internet at this time yesterday.
There is a bus stop opposite our school.
There's a book lying open on the desk.
She went out to get something.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something.
I'm just a hindrance.
I'm dyslexic.
Are you dyslexic?
I'm not dumb! I'm dyslexic.
I get a lot of questions, either by mail or by mouth, about some matter or another, and I often think that it's a shame not to publish the answers.
It often seems that women will say one thing, but think and want something completely different.
Mary keeps a dream journal which she writes in every morning as soon as she wakes up.
Tom had no idea that the police were watching his every move.
You must not discuss this matter with anyone.
Why can't I own Canadians?
The police found two crushed mobile phones in a trash can near the site of the killings and are attempting to exploit the data contained in them.
Never ever do it like this again.
You must not discuss this with anyone.
I hate celery.
Tom broke something again.
Has Tom broken something again?
I have never eaten a tangelo.
He bought far too many sweet potatoes.
Time may not heal your wounds, but it might anesthetize them.
It's increasingly trendy to drink coconut water.
Sometimes it can be frustratingly difficult to find vegan wine or beer.
A gluten-free diet is the most effective treatment for coeliac disease.
Both my sisters are coeliacs.
Write your goals down on a sheet of paper.
I'm getting a lot of complaints.
Is the individual or the family the basis of our society?
My job is to forgive you, which I do.
The most important thing is the ability to think for yourself.
Most important is that you think for yourself.
A pocket with a hole in it will never be full.
It is useful information.
Here is an extract to whet your appetite.
Negotiators have agreed on two draft texts, but there are still many areas of disagreement.
It appears that the bank robbery was planned right down to the last detail.
Tom can't stand being interrupted.
Tom started to frantically tidy up his apartment after his mother rang to say she was coming around.
Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.
Tom copped a lot of flak after he left Mary and the kids for another woman.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was an amazing child prodigy who started playing the harpsichord at the age of three and who gave his first public performance at the age of five.
Mozart wrote brilliant, complex musical compositions as easily as you or I would write a letter.
Many people are experiencing compassion fatigue because of the constant tragedies being reported in the news.
During our relationship we both said and did things we didn't mean.
She sat next to him on the sofa.
What's the chemical symbol for hydrobromic acid?
"Are you nervous?" "A little bit."
Tom pressed the correct button.
It's quite warm here, isn't it?
It's a bit warm in here, isn't it?
It's very quiet here, isn't it?
I told my best friend.
I'm sure this can wait.
Tom ordered a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee.
Tom ordered a rum and Coke.
I'll knock your brains out!
I'll knock your brains out of your mouth!
My eyes are tricking me.
I hate school!
I hate school! I'm not going.
Tom sent his son to bed without dinner.
He wasn't sure why he found her attractive.
Tom has broken something again.
Tom sent his daughter to bed without dinner.
"I have no idea," Tom said honestly.
"I have no idea," she said honestly.
He died almost instantly.
Tom died almost instantly.
As I walked, I read a book.
Is that a bird?
People need to be more energetic when they present their work.
We don't want you here!
Tom was not very energetic.
Wasting our time is like wasting our lives.
Tom wasn't very energetic.
I hate school.
This is useful information.
Tom's suffering from the absence of his sweetheart Mary.
I hate school but ignorance is worse.
Is there peace in politics?
Where is a toilet?
If you have an appointment, you can meet president.
I hear that you took the train ticket across Russia.
I'm not in a good mood either.
I did it as part of a tour with ten other people.
The accusative indicates directionality, that is, movement towards a certain place.
Thanks a lot for the telephone you gave me.
I'd like to have a one-on-one session with the president to discuss our strategy going forward.
The coach had a one-on-one discussion with each player to evaluate his performance on the field.
The brave soldiers went head-to-head with the enemy to regain their city.
The tea is too cold to drink.
I am tired so go and bother someone else.
You have no idea!
My sister likes to dance.
Think about what I said to you.
Don't panic, just grab your towel.
I find Turkish hard to speak.
You're number one!
It's fun to learn Turkish with you.
You are going in the wrong direction.
There are a lot of frauds in the world.
Check out how I understand this question.
Give me the pencil.
This book is about torture.
Nobody listens to this music except nuts.
Come to see me after work.
Something wonderful happened today.
Where did you find this knife?
Does everyone get the plan?
We hate Tom.
I finished the work finally.
At least try it.
Do you think they will give me the job?
Do you think they will hire me?
We are decorating the fir tree.
Is it going to snow soon?
It is fun to translate sentences!
I have a tarantula in a small terrarium, and I feed it cockroaches.
The boss likes Tom's can-do attitude.
Why is your immediate reaction always so negative?
Why is your first reaction to anything always negative?
Yeah. I think I can live with that.
No one knows your secrets.
Tom is wearing a blue sweater today.
Tom is a member of this organization.
Tom is also very famous in Australia.
Tom's French has gotten a lot better.
Tom is always making a mess of things.
Tom is very good at playing the piano.
Tom wanted to know what we were doing.
Tom has been causing a lot of problems.
Tom has been saving money to buy a car.
Tom is well respected in his community.
I bet you work.
Dreaming is free.
What language is this?
The car is waiting in front of the gate.
I'm not wearing any pants.
Don't worry too much. It's okay.
What is the meaning of my life?
Jupiter is a big planet, right?
Do you ride the train to work?
For children, this world is full of wonders and miracles.
It's cheap, but the quality isn't that good.
Please say it again.
There should be a pattern.
The doctor told Tom that he should drink more water.
Don't you think you should tell Tom about this?
Everybody but Tom knows why his wife left him.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to hurt you.
I'm sure Tom didn't intend to hurt your feelings.
I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.
Mr. Jackson is our teacher.
Tell Tom that you love him before it's too late.
Tom and his family emigrated to Australia.
Mary is incapable of expressing compassion.
Tom and Mary have finally decided to get married.
Tom arrived on time in spite of the storm.
Tom asked for my permission to use my computer.
Tom asked Mary how she liked her new job.
Tom asked Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom asked me for more money than he really needed.
Tom asked me if he could use my computer.
Tom asked me if I found what I was looking for.
Tom asked me if I had slept at all last night.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom asked me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
Six times three is eighteen.
Six times three equals eighteen.
Tom asked me some questions about my job.
Tom asked me some questions about what had happened.
Tom asked me to wake him up at six-thirty.
Tom asked me whether he should help Mary or not.
Tom asked me who had painted the picture.
Tom asked me who I thought would win the race.
Tom asked the same question to Mary that he asked me.
Tom asks me the same thing every time he sees me.
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom became a member of this club three years ago.
Tom has already left for work.
That won't work, trust me.
There's no one like you.
There is no one like you.
There's nobody like you.
There is nobody like you.
My eyes must be tricking me.
Do you believe the legends?
Dragons still exist. That is, if you believe the legends.
Tom lives with his aunt.
I tried to avoid him as much as possible.
I try to avoid him as much as possible.
I'm not sure what he meant by that.
I'm not sure what she meant by that.
I'm not sure what Tom meant by that.
I have your diary.
It had never happened before.
This is no way to treat a lady.
He won't hurt you.
She won't hurt you.
We prefer tea or coffee.
The preparation starts tomorrow
He lives alone in a little cottage in the swamp.
I was in London for almost the entire summer.
I am here now.
Is he the one?
I would like to send a package to Japan.
I've never felt this good before.
They have bread.
I bought two tickets to Malmo.
Should I take that as a compliment?
The team shares the opinion of their captain.
What is your opinion on the matter?
He sometimes has trouble expressing his opinions.
People's opinions depend on the spirit of the times.
The chickens have come home to roost.
Have you ever performed in a movie?
I gotta learn how to write in cursive.
Nice try, sit down.
That's the only reason I'm actually going.
There are lots of people there who can actually help you.
Actually, it would be much more sensible to do it later.
The food was not actually all that expensive.
They went on a ten-mile hike through the forest.
We could go into town but it's a real hike from here.
We rarely agree on what to do.
Rarely has a debate attracted so much media attention.
You will rarely, if ever, have to wait longer than an hour.
Would you demonstrate the next problem at the board?
He had seldom seen a child with so much talent.
They seldom watch television these days.
I don't get much exercise sitting in the office all day.
The mind needs exercise as well as the body.
I could only feel pity for what they were enduring.
What a pity that she didn't tell me earlier.
It would be a great pity if you gave up now.
Doesn't anybody appreciate theater?
I took pity on her and lent her the money.
She's practising for her piano exam.
I've been practising my serve for weeks.
He usually wants to practise his English on me.
Practise reversing the car into the garage.
Do you still practise your religion?
He was banned from practising medicine.
She practised as a barrister for many years.
He breathed in the frosty air.
It’s frosty outside.
My questions were met with a frosty silence.
The atmosphere in the room was decidedly frosty.
Young plants should be protected in frosty weather.
She felt decidedly uncomfortable faced with the old woman’s frosty manner.
Turn left at the next traffic lights.
I returned from work to find the house empty.
I must return some books to the library.
Don't forget to return my pen!
The following day the pain returned.
The doctor may allow her to return to work next week.
She looked up briefly then returned to her sewing.
Train services have returned to normal after the strike.
She phoned him several times but he was too busy to return her call.
He did not return her love.
The inquest returned a verdict of accidental death.
She’s returning to Australia tomorrow after a year in Europe.
Reluctantly, he started the engine and drove off.
Find someone who respects you.
I'm cutting up an onion.
Even crooked tree gives shade.
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.
And what if I say "no"?
Bulgarian is similar to Russian.
A rainbow has seven colors.
He is determined to succeed at any price.
She's no heroine.
"Where should I sit?" "Anywhere is OK."
May I call around 2:30?
May I call at around 2:30?
Don't forget to return my pen.
I have to return some books to the library.
The great river was dark with silt.
I'm not a penguin.
Are you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?
Will you be at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Tom bought a pair of black dress shoes yesterday.
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.
Tom broke down when he heard the bad news.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Tom calls his mother three or four times a week.
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.
Tom came to meet me yesterday afternoon.
Tom can do whatever he likes as far as I'm concerned.
Tom can play tennis better than anyone else here.
He is the man we were talking about.
You will get used to it.
The beer has gone flat.
Please give me the menu.
Six divided by two equals three.
I was about to go look for you.
We left at o'clock.
We like to play soccer.
There is clearly a problem.
My income has decreased ten percent.
You really are an idiot.
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.
I can't stand to live alone.
Someone told me about that.
I have been under a lot of pressure lately.
Why do you like smearing China so much?
George, if you are not listening to the radio then turn it off.
No matter what you do, don't laugh!
Old people often talk to themselves.
I work in a travel agency.
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying.
He isn't himself anymore.
Swimming makes your legs stronger.
In this kind of weather it's best if I stay at home and don't go outside.
He asked her to give him preferential treatment.
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?
There are lots of trees in the countryside.
I have two children. One in is Beijing and the other one is in Nagoya.
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
That only happens occasionally.
I can't speak French or German.
We have your size, but not in that color.
Please turn up the AC a little bit.
His little brother is a famous soccer player.
Who knows where he has gone.
God only knows where he has gone.
My wife loves cats.
His family moved around a lot.
I rest on Sunday.
It's their dog.
I didn't know you were so rich.
Angela Merkel was named TIME's Person of the Year for 2015.
Nancy is scared of dogs.
Will I be the only one going to the party?
Will we be the only students taking the exam tomorrow?
That's very dangerous.
He who sleeps forgets his hunger.
Will they be the only ones doing the work this weekend?
I cried while reading this book.
Do you speak Polish?
War is a business. It's no wonder there has never been peace.
I haven't set foot outside the house today.
She was late for the last train.
Is there a TV in the room?
We discussed many topics.
We've discussed many topics.
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
No matter what you do, don't laugh.
There's clearly a problem.
Tom isn't himself anymore.
Tom's family moved around a lot.
We left at 2:30.
Which one is easier?
Speak louder!
I will be back late.
Hurry up!
I will call back a bit later.
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.
Can you guess what I have here?
If elected president, my pledge is to forge a grand bargain to stop gender-based violence.
Today I saw a film about the Chernobyl catastrophe.
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall.
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation.
Let's give the book to whoever wants it.
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.
I won't be home next Sunday.
Can you guess how old I am?
The chemical symbol "H" stands for hydrogen.
You have done what you needed to do.
I have never thought of that.
I love bread.
I haven't seen her in a long time.
I think you should take the test again.
Have some more.
That's probably a bad way to start.
I'm going to study harder.
What else did he say?
Reformers aim to improve the government.
We've seen all-round improvements lately.
You're hurt.
The girl's father is a doctor.
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.
Gao Dao is usually really suave, but he seems completely smitten in front of his girlfriend.
I kissed her on her forehead.
When I came home, my little sister was playing the guitar.
I am Tom's grandfather.
What has happened to you?
Do you believe in eternal life after death?
Can you have a look at my gums?
My gums are bleeding.
I won't need any help.
You've done what you needed to do.
He is an absolute embarrassment to us Americans.
I'll call back a bit later.
Tom is now better off than he was before.
Tom is no longer a member of this club.
Tom is never here in the morning.
Tom gets scared easily.
Tom is my uncle, not my father.
Tom is more than likely to be late.
I'll be back late.
Tell Tom that I'm ready.
Tom ran into the woods.
We could hear you snore.
Everybody can hear him talk.
None of us saw the old man fall.
They want to hear you sing.
The mother can hear her baby cry.
Over the last years we watched him change.
Let Mary hear Tom recite the poem.
Mary heard Tom recite the poem.
Did Mary hear Tom recite the poem?
Will Mary hear Tom recite the poem?
Everyone could hear what Tom said.
Not everyone could hear what Tom said.
Tom asked Mary to recite the poem she wrote.
Help me help you.
Tom can still recite a poem he wrote when he was thirteen.
The man watched his wife watch her kids.
The kid watched her mother cook.
The man watched his own son die.
Tom listened to Mary recite the poem that she had memorized.
None of us saw Tom do that.
None of us actually saw it happen.
None of us knew what to do.
None of us had any idea what was going to happen.
None of us did what Tom wanted us to do.
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.
Tom can't come to work today because he doesn't feel well.
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.
Tom comes here three or four times a month.
Tom comes to visit us every now and then.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
Tom couldn't attend the party because he was sick.
Tom couldn't convince Mary that she was wrong.
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.
Tom delivered the package to the orphanage.
Tom did better this time than he did last time.
Try to be a bit more modest.
Give me some more milk!
Let's make some more.
Our work is almost done.
Don't you think the name "The Sacred War" sounds a bit sarcastic?
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
I won't talk to you until you've realized your mistake.
I have my feet firmly planted on the ground.
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.
I think Tom's cheating.
They eat half of the world's halibut.
I had nothing in common with them.
"Are you a child or a teetotum?" asked the sheep.
This is an old appliance.
This is an old unit.
This is an old device.
Try it.
It was very dark into the mine.
What vegetables do you want to buy?
The investigator tried to figure out the intricacies of the crime.
You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.
He's a seasoned investigator.
I'm sorry if I disappointed you.
I know I'm a burden; you don't have to repeat it.
I don't like socializing.
I don't like to socialize.
I admit that I'm tired.
I confess that I'm tired.
I feel that I am a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me.
Let's go to the zoo!
I feel that I'm a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me, that I'm better off dead, because that way I wouldn't hurt anyone. However, on the other hand, I want to keep living and show everyone that I'm strong.
Federer held his serve to love at two all.
Federer held his serve at love at 2-2.
Federer held at love at 2-2.
Federer held to love at 2-2.
Federer had a love hold at 2-2.
Wawrinka got broken to love in the opening game of the third set.
Wawrinka got broken at love in the first game of the third set.
When will I stop being a burden?
In the Wimbledon semifinal, Roger Federer had a great serving day against Andy Murray, getting 75% of first serves in and winning 84% of points on them, not losing a single first-serve point in the second set.
Sometimes I feel like a burden to the people around me.
Sometimes I feel like a burden on the people around me.
This afternoon, we sang together at our house.
Maria's niece was surprised to find out that Esperanto is only a hundred years older than she is.
Tom can understand French.
I feel like a burden to everyone.
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.
Tom would like to know whether you would like to come to his party.
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.
Could we go somewhere and talk?
Could we go somewhere else?
Why are you trying to hide your feelings?
Mary hung her clothes on the clothesline.
Mary tried to hide her feelings.
Since no one was interested to listen to me, I just kept quiet.
I saw the patrol car’s blue flashing emergency lights in my rearview mirror, so I pulled over, onto the right shoulder of the highway.
I rolled down my window all the way, turned on my dome light, and rested my hands on the steering wheel to show that I wasn't reaching for a weapon.
Enjoy yourself.
Tom won't be able to answer those questions.
Tom will come back home when he gets hungry.
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.
Tom will be there for a few days.
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.
Tom wasn't the one who drank all the milk.
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.
Tom was unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.
He can overcome any obstacle.
We are going to the lake to have lunch.
Linda is the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
The orphans were taken to the orphanage.
Living costs have increased rapidly.
That was one of the best times of my life.
Let's just rest here for a little while, my feet are aching so much I can't walk.
The others are leaving. What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while?
I haven't seen her at all lately.
My home is far away.
Mary is the prettiest girl in class.
What book are you reading?
We are staying at home because it's raining.
Even a child could do it.
Is that an area you are familiar with?
This is the house where she is living.
Tom seemed busier than usual.
I am not a good swimmer.
Don't be so disgusting.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
I'm not a good swimmer.
I reckon he will be back soon.
Don't forget to remind him about the schedules because he is sometimes forgetful.
Tom was the only boy invited to Mary's party.
Tom was supposed to go to school with Mary yesterday.
Tom was seriously injured in the accident.
Tom was present at the meeting.
Tom was able to get into the house through a window.
Tom was able to find Mary's house without any problem.
Tom was able to do the work without any difficulty.
Tom was a very good skier when he was a teenager.
Tom wants to work at the same hospital where Mary works.
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.
Tom wants to know if you're planning to come to his party.
I came here to talk business, not to chit-chat.
In my free time, I write poetry.
You seem like a very intelligent person.
You seem like a very smart person.
How do you bring up your children?
How does he bring up his children?
How does she bring up her children?
How do you teach your kids manners?
How does he teach his kids manners?
How does she teach her kids manners?
She was the First Lady.
There's a special place in hell for people who eat in movie theaters.
Do you feel all right today?
Do you feel okay today?
Are you feeling okay today?
Are you feeling all right today?
As for me, I'm a pretty simple person.
As for me, I'm a rather simple person.
Those who want to stay can stay.
Please send me your picture.
Please send me your photo.
Could you send me a photo of you?
Could you send me a picture of you?
Does he have a passport?
Does she have a passport?
Does she have experience?
Does he have experience?
My house is far away.
"What's up?" "I don't have the wrench." "What wrench?" "The bicycle wrench."
I know that I'm a burden; you don't need to be repeating it.
I don't want to be a burden on you.
Wolmar Schildt is also known as ”the father of science and art”.
The supervolcano of Yellowstone hasn't erupted in ages, but telltale signs such as deformation of land and earthquakes showcase its activity.
Do you know what you should do?
Thank the Lord.
Are you from the US?
I would have been loved.
May I use your typewriter?
It was a very romantic kiss.
Does Tom have experience?
Does Tom have any experience?
Do you feel OK today?
I'm a reliable and responsible person at work.
Tom collects teddy bears, postcards and stamps, old coins, stones and minerals, number plates and hubcaps - in short: almost everything.
"Today my mother died." That's how the book The Stranger, by Albert Camus, begins.
I want to talk seriously with you.
Tom's mother collects the newspaper articles about Tom and Mary.
My son doesn't obey me.
I cried reading this book.
Pain is an entirely personal sensation.
These are tough times.
These are difficult times.
I asked Tom what he was reading.
I know you are struggling.
Could you send me a photo?
Could you send me a picture?
I'm a happy and healthy person, who is full of energy, with a positive attitude and outlook on life.
She was First Lady.
Where is the tree?
Are the objections to the airport legitimate or is it just a case of nimbyism?‎
I am a polite and very responsible person.
I don't have a guitar.
What is there to see in Nantes for a tourist?
You're annoying me!
I think you should speak a bit more slowly.
You should probably speak a little bit slower.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.
His salary is high.
All the languages on Tatoeba are equal. And some of them are more equal.
God created all men equal but men think it differently.
He has red flowers.
You don't need to shout, I can hear you just fine.
What does he do for a living?
Whenever I swallow, my throat hurts.
He arrived five minutes after the specified time.
He didn't lock the door.
It's not wrong, but it's rarely written like that.
My travel fees to Japan are paid for by the university.
As this girl entered the room, every child was laughing at her little hat.
Tom's car has been stolen.
probitas maxima virtus est.
The bank has already closed.
Quit chattering.
But no one wanted to hear it.
I want to stay home.
He ignored the existing laws.
She uses rude words.
This senior is exceptionally kind.
Why aren't you even moving at all?
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience.
Of course he's innocent.
'Four' is an unlucky number in Japan.
Today we have a lot of food.
I'm a determined, organized, and responsible person.
How far is New York from London?
You promised to take care of them.
Appearance isn't all.
How many batteries do you have right now?
Yesterday night, I was almost bitten to death by the laboratory mosquitoes.
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others.
Last month, we collected five liters of rainwater.
My appetite is particularly large.
The clothes at this boutique are particularly expensive.
Is there anything that worries you right now?
So, how's the card used?
This is something which both you and I must love.
I said that you were good.
Do you see a mountain of gold?
Her mother calls her.
My father is a good man.
Joseph can say 'I love you' in five languages.
Take this book.
I don't think they're coming.
Julia sings.
You must eat fruits.
God is good.
This is a big dog.
We know that she lives in the city.
'Non', 'sed', 'magnus' and 'numerus' are Latin words.
Leave them as they are or not at all.
I must write books.
A woman is ever fickle and changeable.
I speak seriously.
This pleased Tom.
Where there is the major, the minor becomes neglected.
Tom stayed at home.
How many islands does Germany have?
Surely you must go?
Britain is also an island.
Their mother calls them.
He's next to her.
My phone is broken.
I don't think you should.
We are starting at six.
I want to see a movie.
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
The students are all learning English.
How do you say "lung"?
We know she lives in the city.
We drank a little.
Why are you happy when someone else suffers?
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.
Tom usually gets to school earlier than any other student in his class.
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.
Tom took out his key and opened the door.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.
Tom told me that his father had passed away.
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.
Tom told me that he won't tell Mary what happened.
Tom told me that he won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.
I have not touched my wife in twenty-one years.
Tom is a Christian in name only. He never goes to church.
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.
Mary's mother's a cupboard drinker.
Tom usually does what he says he'll do.
You don't look anything like I'd imagined you would.
Just name a time and I'll be there.
More and more people are on social media these days.
More and more people are becoming seriously overweight.
I can't forget it.
Here is your lunch.
I wish there were more people on the same level of this language as me. It's really hard to understand you.
The number is considered an unlucky number in Japan.
Scott traded a watch for a book, and then traded the book for money.
To me, love is being able to restrain one's own feelings and take others into consideration.
At what age will I be able to withstand what now hurts me so easily, makes me disheartened and anxious?
Happiness is not to be loved, but to love.
She isn't pregnant.
Everyone hates know-it-alls.
After that his life got even tougher.
You are much too modest.
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.
You aren't Japanese.
He is an independent thinker.
Try not to think about her all the time.
There is a proverb that goes "time is money", but there is another one that goes "money can't buy you time".
That's not standard English pronunciation.
I sent you the letter just when you called.
He talked for an entire hour.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at the school are female.
I understand!
Many important historical events took place years B.C.
Here is my email address.
I don't know much about Japan.
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.
Last night, there was thunder and lightning.
Ramses II was an Egyptian pharaoh.
A sheath for a sword is a scabbard.
So you don't know what is Esperanto ?
These maps are the key to who will hold how much power in Illinois for years.
Please come to see me tomorrow.
She lives in that house.
Will you go to Tom's wedding?
I haven't had enough to drink yet.
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.
Why are you laughing? I'm trying to be serious here...
Sorry, I zoned out.
I don't give a damn about you winning or losing.
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." "Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
"I don't know why people think Twitter is so interesting" "Me too."
Is Natasha a common name in Russia?
The pigs aren't in the pen.
I wonder if there is anything good on TV.
Tom was conservative.
I don't know where to put it in.
You shouldn't do that!
It's been two years since I started learning Chinese.
The rain fell relentlessly all day long.
It's nearly half past two.
You're not a child anymore so cut it out!
You can speak roughly forty different languages.
I was determined to be able to speak many different languages.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston with Tom.
I can't concentrate. Do you mind turning off the TV?
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.
My family were very fond of my girlfriend.
You're way too drunk.
I need a bit of time.
I've seen him around a lot lately.
He'll come with me.
I don't think that story is true.
Will you come?
There is an oven to bake bread in the kitchen.
He didn't write anything.
What floor?
What floor is it?
This food isn't very nutritious.
Please be careful not to get hurt.
I can't even imagine my life without him.
Who wrote this story?
Tom should be at school.
I think your work is very good.
What kind of books have you got?
Priests don't have wives.
Is it true you're trying to do that?
The treaty was not a success.
The French Revolution began in 1789.
Tom told me just the opposite.
Tom thought he'd have all the time he needed.
Tom teaches French to my children.
Tom strung a clothesline between the two trees.
Tom stacked the boxes up against the wall.
Tom stabbed me in the back.
Tom somehow managed to swim across the river.
Tom says that he has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he's sorry that he caused you trouble.
Tom says he's planning to go to Boston this winter.
The Internet is so slow today.
"That was such a bad movie, right?" "Yeah. I feel like asking for my money back!"
But, Tom, Esperanto isn't necessarily as artificial as computers are, right?
Do you believe I have a chance to get that position?
Somebody is calling you from the gate.
The Esperanto movement has always had to grapple with the problem of 'eternal beginners'.
The book is laid open on top of the desk.
Become more flexible!
Ah, I think I'm gonna cry.
Don't waste your life on meaningless things.
What are you doing at this hour?
Is there any point in me living?
Have you decided on your dissertation topic?
"Tom, you translated this, right?" "Yeah, why?" "What's 'modemism'?" "I dunno, but it was written in the text." "Really?" "Really! Take a look!" "Ah, wait, but it says 'modernism'!"
"What did you think of Tom?" "He's got a nice voice." "Just a nice voice?" "Well, his face is nothing special, right?" "Really! I think he's pretty good looking."
That's exactly what I said would happen.
The uprising was brutally suppressed.
Living without cigarettes; this was my new goal.
Submissions are welcome.
Hernan Cortes destroyed aztec culture.
Tom says he wants to get married right away.
Tom says he can stay here two or three nights.
Tom said that he doesn't regret his decision.
Tom said he was too tired to do any more.
Tom said he had no objection to our leaving early.
Tom probably won't agree with your proposal.
Tom poured milk into a bowl for his cat.
Tom plays poker with his friends every Friday night.
Tom often plays music with his friends.
Tom often goes fishing on Sundays if the weather is good.
You should come over.
My roommate is in Mexico. You should come over.
Tom's coming over tonight, so you know.
My husband is at a conference. Would you like to get some coffee?
Thank you for your purchase.
What is luck?
She didn't feel good.
She felt bad.
I'm interested in Japanese history.
I'm interested in the history of Japan.
Where did you massacre them?
I'm here to show you your worst nightmare.
I'm a responsible, hardworking, and, above all, professional person.
The teacher is on the phone.
The professor is on the phone.
There's no such thing as perfection.
Tom's the one who broke the window.
This wasn't Tom's idea.
In that uninviting place I found too many difficult people.
In that unwelcoming place I found too many surly people.
Oh, say your name!
You should eat fruits and vegetables at least three times a day.
There's nothing harder than a diamond.
The program has been postponed again.
You can't have a fist without a hand; you can't have a song without a mouth.
It's hard for her to solve the problem.
It's hard for him to solve the problem.
It's hard for her to solve this problem.
It's hard for him to solve this problem.
Tom picked up a book, opened it, and started reading it.
When does spring begin?
I was afraid of Tom.
He looked like he was going to start crying again.
I should go back to my seat.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
People with no sense of humor are like meadows with no flowers.
My wife is not only the most beautiful woman I've ever met, she's also the most loyal and hardworking.
Do you want to speak to Tom?
It's thanks to you.
Mary doesn't like men who look like Tom.
The police arrested a man who looks like Tom.
The contestants who looked and sounded like Elvis were hired for the show.
The man who looks like me standing next to my sister is my twin brother.
So long, pop!
You are a calm man.
Why do you want to hurt me so much?
You're not going to eat.
The children were waiting for the first snowfall to build a snowman.
Tom is a friend of yours, right?
She smiled and said goodbye
He slept at his aunt's.
She met Jacob yesterday
I really like your sweater.
He wasn't jumping on the bed.
You're supposed to be asleep!
He speaks passable French, but he is clearly more fluent in German.
Although I speak passable French, don't expect me to be able to give a speech at Jérôme's wedding.
How is Rob?
The doghouse is new.
We played poker the entire day.
When I left the shopping center, the car wasn't where I had left it.
She is different from how she looks.
John Dalton was the creator of the atomic theory.
Mary and Tom have been in love since the eighth grade.
Eat it.
Greetings from Cornwall!
What kind of yogurt do you like best?
Phrases are syntactical units.
I think orthography should be etymological. Etymological letters or diacritics help promote textual comprehension with related or lexically similar languages.
Everything he did disturbed me.
We expected the routine, but we got the extraordinary.
I will shoot anyone who questions my mercy.
I will shoot anyone who doubts my mercy.
Eat up.
He was late as usual.
Venus has no moons.
The family is the fundamental unit of society.
That planet is called Saturn.
Mars is "the Red Planet".
I'm from a different planet.
It's been raining all the time lately.
"You don't really love me at all. You only care about your math stuff!" "Not at all, I do love you!" "Prove it!" "Okay. Let A be the set of the objects I love..."
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.
Put your book in your locker.
He promised not to tell anyone about it.
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.
You never let me do anything.
He is just passing the blame onto others.
Don't you think that's a little harsh?
He won't starve to death.
I can't lift a suitcase heavier than kilos.
I suggest that, out of politeness, we drink as little as possible.
They treat me like a child.
We had a lot to drink.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
I follow my mom's example.
Effectively, that happens from time to time.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom you're going to do it.
Tom promised not to tell anyone about it.
It looks like a house.
She is obviously offended.
If you do that, it'll probably stop working.
If I had started learning these languages five years ago, I would know them now.
It is Jack's diamond.
I'm trying to remember the name of the book.
I'm trying to remember the name of the article.
I'm trying to remember the name of the movie.
I was trying to remember the name of the book.
I promised him I'd go to the show with him tomorrow.
Could we go somewhere quiet?
Could we go somewhere quiet and talk?
Good cat!
Good dog!
The cat purred loudly.
Flexible work hours make employees more productive.
The airspace around the airport was closed temporarily.
He stared at me with a blank expression.
The earth orbits the sun once a year.
She gave me a hand gesture I didn't understand.
Give me the sword.
That hasn't convinced me.
How can I help her?
This is an old Canadian custom.
I've told you not to give me any hickies!
He asked me if I know her phone number.
My father died when I was seven.
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.
Ukrainian girls are the prettiest in the world.
The machine generated large amounts of electricity.
I've always wanted to visit Turkey.
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.
My father will not let me marry him.
My father did not let me marry him.
The bed took up a lot of space.
The bed takes up a lot of space.
Can you speak Low German?
My mom gets out of bed before me.
He asked if I like mathematics.
I have to pick one of them.
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.
Please serve the guests some coffee, dear.
Remember to brush your teeth.
He won't be back tomorrow.
We are conservative.
You are a good driver.
I live in Tehran.
My wife often called me when I was travelling abroad.
Everyone fell asleep.
Everyone went to sleep.
Everyone cries.
Everyone's crying.
I don't know when he will arrive.
I don't know when it will arrive.
I don't know when she will arrive.
I don't know when I will arrive.
I don't know when I will be back.
I don't know when I will return.
Snowflakes are particles of snow.
The bus speeds down the long and winding road.
I need a little help!
This was on the list.
What time is the meeting?
Tom is one of Boston's best attorneys.
Tom goes to school by bus and train.
I'm going to a meeting.
You said that it was urgent.
I know how I can do it.
Please turn right at the next intersection.
Tom goes for a walk every morning.
Tom doesn't speak Spanish.
Tom got mercury poisoning from eating canned tuna every day.
Please come in!
Welcome!
I'm really hungry!
Don't lie!
Tom doesn't care what I do.
That black dog sees a white cat.
Are you guys Choctaw?
I'm happy I met you.
Hello! How are you?
I do not want to eat.
It's raining outside right now.
Is mom going to the store?
Mom is going to town.
I'm doing very well.
I'm really good.
Are you good?
Why don't you tell me what's really bothering you?
You cannot put time limits on grief.
Tom looked back on his life and wondered if he'd actually accomplished anything.
I cooked venison.
Tom had injuries consistent with a severe beating.
I don't want word of this getting around.
Unbelievable cultural decline, stupendous ignorance, idealistic rubbish, and obscurantism find their strongest support among American reactionaries.
Have you done the laundry?
Have you taken out the garbage?
Have you washed the dishes?
I'm pretty sure that that mean teacher will give us a hard test today.
Have you finished washing the dishes?
People from all over the world say that English is difficult to learn.
I can't listen to stupid people.
I've got to go home and finish my homework.
I just turned and my younger sister will turn next month.
She had never seen a real cock in real life before.
She looked in amazement.
Don't breathe a word of this to anyone.
As she looked around to see what she had done she began to cry.
Don't worry, you'll like it.
I couldn't have done it without your help.
In spite of the bad weather, they decided to go by car.
I find it difficult to understand what he is saying.
I read an academic article in that language and understood almost everything, but when I tried reading a story for beginners I understood nothing.
I understand Italian better than I can speak it.
You would think that, but you would be wrong.
I don't know what year he was born.
You have lipstick on your cheek.
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password, please?
I don't think Tom is completely blameless for what happened. I think that he may even be the leader of the gang.
At last, the ugly frog said to the princess: "I've eaten to fullness, and I'm tired. Now take me to your little room, make your little silk bed, and there we'll lie down and sleep."
Glass is a transparent and easily breakable material.
When money ceases to have value, the entire system stops working.
The Belgian consul invited us to tea in a restaurant close to his country's embassy.
They are eating sandwiches.
I have attempted to create a good essay which utilizes my Japanese, but my professor said that much of it was incorrect and that I have to do it all over again.
Time just slips through our fingers like the grains of sand found near the sea.
In this language school, my goal is to learn another language so that I can go to another country and speak with their people in their language.
You guys looked mad.
I don't give a damn what people think about me.
Titles and honours signify nothing to me.
He always wears black clothes.
Titles and honors mean nothing to me.
It's best to practice writing Kanji as much as possible!
Why is it that no one listens to me or takes me seriously during dire times?
As I walked through the narrow streets of my hometown — which I hadn't visited for years — many people gave me quizzacious stares, as if they wanted to just burst out and laugh at me — then again, I am a clown, after all.
Artemis, you need to do something useful with your life... you can tell that I'm alluding to your failing grade in English, right?
She went to the prom with ebullience, as she was to see her beloved Kenkichi.
Oh my god, I died when I heard I got chosen!
You know what Tom, I think you should get the hell out, as you've been nothing but a nuisance to everyone!
Mary, you've done nothing to help anyone here, so I think it would be best for you to egress from this classroom.
What do you mean I have to leave?!
Mary and Sally have a relationship of commensalism with each other.
Tom, I don't care what happens in the future, because as long as you persist and go through life with enthusiasm and ebullience, you will reap success.
All of the students at school know me.
I am not sick.
Spring has not come.
It rained a lot in Rio de Janeiro.
Don't you have any goals in life?
My cat wants to eat an ostrich.
Ambition gives me a nosebleed.
You're a slug with hair.
He'll never figure out what it is.
Tom will never figure this out.
I hope we can figure this out.
I think Tom will be able to help us figure this out.
Maybe Tom can help us figure out how to solve this problem.
They accused him of nepotism.
She was accused for nepotism.
I saw a hare in the forest.
Mary looks cute no matter what she wears.
I know that you meant well when you gave me that suggestion, and I'm offering advice to you in the same spirit.
Did you tell Tom that Mary did this?
Tom says you talked him into doing it.
You've gained weight.
The boy who came yesterday was my younger brother.
I don't want to go to church today.
I bought a new hat at the department store.
Tom lived next door to us until three months ago.
Tom left this morning without finishing his breakfast.
Tom left the house without even saying goodbye.
Tom left his key on the desk, as he usually does.
Tom knows the names of all his customers.
Tom jumped into the water without taking off his clothes.
Tom Jackson is our only suspect.
Tom is young, but he knows what he's doing.
Tom is worried about what might happen.
Tom is working hard to support his family.
What kind of damage has he caused?
What sort of damage did he cause?
Tom isn't like the other boys.
She drinks beer.
I'm sorry, Mary, but I'm not speaking to you, you temptation.
Well... he's gone to a better place now.
Would you prefer tea?
The muscular bodybuilder commented: "All I can say is that I tip my hat."
Johannes Gabriel Granö, the author of the classic book "Pure Geography", is at the forefront of Finnish geography.
The answer to this question is simple.
I can't be bothered to argue with you anymore.
Tom is wise enough not to do such a thing.
Tom is waiting for you to say something.
Tom is very good at imitating the way Mary talks.
Tom is very good at changing the subject.
Tom is used to these kinds of situations.
Was Tom here when we got here?
Please chop the chicken for the salad.
He was standing in line.
My father gave me a lot of money.
It is he who broke the vase.
He never lets anyone do anything.
The girls are shy.
I ate bhelpuri.
I ate a panipuri.
I ate a golgappa.
I ate a gulab jamun.
I ate bhel.
I ate the biryani.
This pulao tastes great!
This restaurant has pulao.
Do you have vegetarian pulao?
Does this restaurant have pulao?
Might this restaurant have pulao?
This restaurant has pulao, right?
So does this restaurant have pulao?
I wonder if this restaurant has pulao.
I ate a shawarma.
This may be pulao, but it's completely flavourless.
Wow! The pulao at this restaurant is really good!
We have pulao, lo mein and kebabs in our restaurant.
Not only did I eat pulao, but I also ate kebabs.
A plate of pulao with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
This pulao is so filling that I'm full after just two spoonfuls.
The pulao with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pulao is only four yuan.
I ate the bhajjis.
I ate the vadas.
I ate a dhokla.
I ate the chivda.
I ate the dahi vada.
I ate the thalipeeth.
I ate the keema.
I ate the kheema.
I ate the qeema.
I ate an idli with sambar.
I ate pohe for breakfast.
I ate a chicken lollipop.
I tried some of the chutney.
I ate a samosa.
I ate a papad.
I ate sevpuri.
I ate the pav bhaji.
I've been unruly in my dreams.
Drill little holes into my eyelids that I might see you when I sleep
The statue is already present in the stone. You just need to carve away the parts you want to discard.
Nothing’s wrong. Go back to sleep.
You can't disguise sad eyes.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Our house was entirely rebuilt.
We're too soon old, too late smart.
According to the American journal International Living, Uruguay is ranked among the twenty safest countries in the world.
They flunked their exams.
An expert is a specialist who knows everything about something and nothing about anything else.
It breaks my heart to see you crying.
Which is your favourite website?
What is your dream job?
The accident occurred at the mouth of the tunnel.
An extension is currently under construction.
He always asks when you will return.
I immediately accepted his offer.
I just want to ask you something without the others hearing us.
The girl is blind from birth.
Now the old lady lives alone.
Do you want bread with cheese or bread with honey?
Do you want to answer my question, yes or no?
Tell me your name, honey!
Among the refugees there are many children.
He studies in a night school for adults.
Throughout its history, Yemen has experienced civil wars.
It seems to me that I am always being spied on.
There is no unseasonable weather, there is only a wrong choice of clothes.
It is the time you should be at work, isn't it?
I can not trust this man.
Tom and Mary both burst out laughing.
It seems to me that someone always spies on me.
Hillbilly boys laughed at me.
I'm not special. I'm just a limited edition.
We are different.
We are experienced.
It's on the ground floor.
She grabbed me by the shoulder.
Should I break up with her?
Before we go further, allow me to declare my true and complete marijuana history.
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.
That is a circus!
I really don't need any help.
The room is cold.
Robert Smith is the singer of the group The Cure.
Her English is better than her French.
You can't criticize her every action based on one single mistake.
Don't forget that animals sometimes can be human-like.
Life is like a marathon, where short-term gains and losses are not significant in and of themselves.
The most enlightened way of living is to despise social conventions while at the same time living your life in conformity to them.
One of the reasons that we love nature is that, unlike ourselves, nature is not envious or deceitful.
I unfortunately did not have another choice.
Words are windows, or they are walls.
The words are windows, or they are walls.
We bought a new washer.
She stayed with me.
I've been working here for a couple of minutes.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who were saved.
Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
Those who betray us in the worst way are always those who are dearest to us.
I have to go, otherwise I'll arrive late.
Jesus welcomes you.
Because I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
Let's welcome our guests.
Do you prefer cute guys or guys who have class?
When I'm stressed, I start cooking for hours.
I don't go there as often as that anymore.
We do not fix computers here.
She was watching me.
It has already been explained to you: a battle requires discipline and coordination.
I get the impression that this site is one big romance novel of which the protagonists are Tom and Mary.
Neither Esperanto nor Interlingua employ double negative.
I do so much for you, but you do nothing for me.
I'm sorry ma'am, is there a problem?
I'm eating a sandwich for an eating contest.
My English is perfect!
There's so much stress put on kids to perform well in school, but with good reason.
We have no choice but to kill.
How did you achieve that?
Are you cooking tonight?
Can a non-native English speaker ever win a debate against a native speaker at the highest levels of debate?
For non-native English speakers who also speak Esperanto, how long did it take to learn each of them?
Do native Japanese speakers think that English is hard to learn?
Are native English speakers used to learning other languages?
Is it possible for a non-native English speaker to sound completely native?
How do native English speakers determine whether an English learner is a good non-native English speaker?
All teachings were translated beautifully by Mary into English as hardly anyone could understand any Esperanto.
Well, such things happen.
I sweep the floor.
Are you sure this is safe?
Are you sure this thing is safe?
I don't like adventures.
Don't, Tom! It's awful.
Do you like roller coasters?
I'm late. Mary is going to kill me.
You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.
Tom is a bit eccentric.
All right, I'll be right there.
I don't know how he finds the time.
I don't know how she finds the time.
You may kiss my hand.
You're so fake!
Tom loves sports.
Being cut from the team doesn't mean that you have no talent.
Tom kicked him in the face.
I'm too old for this sort of thing.
Who ate all the cookies?
Tom hit the gas.
The tires squealed.
Wait, Tom. It's too dangerous!
Wait, Mary, it's too dangerous!
Do you have a hairdryer for guests to use?
I have some advice for you to think about.
Don't mess with us Russians!
It was a pleasure working with you folks.
Don't worry about us girls. We'll find something to do.
You idiots are giving the school a bad name.
We Chinese are hard workers.
Yes, I have a problem with you Americans!
There's no such thing as luck.
That doesn't sound too hard.
That doesn't look too hard.
This egg was perfectly cooked.
My brother bought a new television set.
I don't know how Tom finds the time.
Health is more important than gold.
What comes from the heart, goes into the heart.
He is the man I saw yesterday.
A mathematician wouldn't say such a thing.
A mathematician wouldn't say that.
Speaking your native language is so boring.
Speaking your native language is easy, yet boring.
That looks more like a Turkish name to me.
Great! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell, or is it ready to move into?
My father used to drink bottles of beer and smoke packets of cigarettes every day without fail.
If you eat too much of this food, you may get a sore throat.
Don't let it go to your head.
Imperialism is an ideology and practice of powerful groups trying to secure or expand their privileges by dominating other groups.
I'm often told, "publish in English or perish". But, as you can see, I'm still alive.
It cannot be described in words.
Santa Claus was an Anatolian saint.
They can add a literal translation.
Do you really believe I can help you?
Don't you think you're wasting your time with all that?
I get the feeling that I've heard that somewhere before.
Did you eat yet?
They're eating sandwiches.
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
Did you go to the shop?
Tom is used to the work.
Tom is used to getting up early in the morning.
Do you really think I can help you?
Do you really think that Tom can help us?
Do you really think that Tom will be able to help Mary?
My hands are full.
My hands are full right now.
I've been working here for a couple of years.
She is just an ordinary girl.
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
Don't forget to bring a camera.
That house is much better than his house.
She comes from Germany.
Her girlfriend is completely flat-chested.
Her girlfriend is part of the itty bitty titty committee.
My brother named his cat Huazi.
In front of you, you can see Tiananmen Square.
They named her baby Jenny.
Tom is a self-taught musician. He learned how to play the guitar and the piano by himself.
Tom always has terrible heartburn whenever he overeats.
Tom is unlikely to want to go to Boston with us.
Tom is trying hard to give up smoking.
Tom is totally dependent on his parents.
Tom is too young to go there alone.
Tom is three years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
Tom is the tallest man I know.
Most men need variety.
Let's start at the second-to-last line.
Salvation from this misery is inconceivable.
Mary is a native speaker of Portuguese and fluent in English and Spanish, in addition to having good knowledge of Esperanto.
Tom is the spitting image of his father.
Tom is the smartest one in our class.
Tom is the person I was waiting for.
Tom is the only person who can do that, I think.
Tom is the one who was here last week.
I feel I'm playing Russian roulette with my life.
You're a good driver.
Put your books in your locker.
You're supposed to be asleep.
When will we start to eat?
When are we going to start eating?
Tom is coming to my house tonight.
Tom is frequently free in the afternoon.
Tom is going to drive you to the airport.
Tom is going to explain it to all of us.
Tom is going to show us the documents this afternoon.
Tom is in college, but his girlfriend is still in high school.
Tom is off today.
Tom is off with the flu.
Tom is often late for school on Mondays.
Tom is often the first one to arrive at a party and the last one to leave.
Tom is old enough to be my grandfather.
Tom is older than any other student in his class.
Tom is older than me by three years.
Tom is on a diet because he's a little overweight.
Tom is one of the best singers I've ever heard.
Tom is only a couple of years younger than Mary.
Tom is opposed to the new plan.
Tom is planning to go home soon.
Tom is prepared to help us.
Tom is probably just making a mountain out of a molehill again.
Tom is proud of his daughter.
Tom is proud of his family.
Tom is quite good at his job.
Tom is richer than anyone else here.
Tom is right behind me.
Tom is saving money for a trip to Australia.
Tom is saving up money so he can go to Australia.
Tom is scared to talk to Mary.
Tom is scheduled to come to Boston next week.
Tom is smaller than me.
Tom is someone you can trust.
Tom is standing in front of the door.
Tom is staying with his relatives.
Tom is still financially dependent on his parents.
Tom is still having doubts.
Tom is still not accustomed to city life.
Tom is studying hard so that he can pass the exams.
Tom is studying to be a minister.
Tom is such a show off.
Tom is suffering from a loss of memory.
Tom is suffering from a toothache.
Tom is sure that he'll be able to pass the test.
Tom is sure that he'll pass the exam.
Tom is taller than Mary.
Tom is telling the truth, I'm fairly certain.
Tom is the fastest runner in his class.
Tom is the one least likely to come to your party.
Tom is the one who drew this picture.
Tom is the one who bandaged Mary's arm.
I'm happy that you were able to find a job so quickly.
Did you lose?
I walked.
I counted.
I fasted.
You escaped.
My dad is busy.
Go whenever you want.
Here's a car.
I just arrived.
Are we starting?
I concentrated on his words.
The cook is guilty.
He cried.
Be careful, there's a car!
I traveled to Paris.
I bought lots of stuff.
I bought lots of great stuff.
I bought a lot of things.
I supposed that I would hear about it sooner or later.
Most people here don't have electricity.
We went to Laramie together, but afterwards we parted.
Tommy never said that he wanted to leave.
My watch seems to be broken.
No. I looked for them for more than an hour.
I looked for Tom and Mary for more than an hour.
Who likes them?
I looked for Tom and Mary for over an hour.
I want you to leave for Boston on a plane tomorrow.
I had lunch around eleven because I was hungry.
Can we go back home?
Forget the newspaper and listen to what I'm telling you.
Most people around here don't have electricity or running water.
Give me a spoon.
This is Tom's turtle. Her name is Mary.
You should leave the planning to me.
You can't trust that guy.
Who loves me?
Who loves me more than anything?
Tom loves power more than anything else.
What do you love supremely, far and away more than anything else?
Please go on ahead.
Please go ahead without me.
There's a lot of traffic on the freeway.
If my brother hadn't saved me, I would've drowned.
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would've drowned.
She got permission to use the car.
English is a required class.
The Internet is an irresistible tsunami.
Tom is better at French than the rest of us.
Tom is always complaining about his boss.
Tom is a much better chess player than me.
Tom hasn't been paying attention to the teacher.
Tom hasn't been able to come to school because he's in the hospital.
Tom never said that he wanted to leave.
All this is just meaningless verbiage.
Tom should probably go home now.
Is the project working out?
How's the project going?
No reason, no reason.
So, are you all ready for Christmas?
This Christmas I want your presence, not your presents.
She went to the art museum by taxi.
Nobody doubts that Mary is telling the truth, but her way of speaking makes people uncomfortable.
Tom passed away quickly, in the middle of the summer, without bothering anyone.
It is heartbreaking for our family to accept the likelihood of spending a third Christmas without Mary.
A certain man called Tom used to see Christmas as a feast without the least sense to it.
I don't want a present. I want a future.
Merry Christmas to all of Tom's supporters and our best wishes for a very good and peaceful 2016.
Right now I am typing using electronic keyboard which plugged into a computer
It won't be easy, but we have a chance.
My wife did not want to play chess with me.
Joy will not last forever.
For a wise person one word is enough!
Words are either windows or walls.
Catalonia is not Spain.
Nobody knows where she is.
Nobody knew where she was.
What advances have there been in preventing and treating anthrax infection?
Many countries take measures in order to protect themselves against anthrax or smallpox better.
I wanted to say that I'm really needy and if you can help me, please do so.
Everything Tom did bothered me.
I understand French better than I can speak it.
Tom didn't write anything.
What's the time in Boston now?
Tom was late as usual.
That just might happen.
Tom always wears black clothes.
I might've been wrong.
Tom looked like he was going to start crying again.
Would you like a beer?
May you both have a long and happy life together.
Who is Miss Universe 2015?
The plasmid and the nucleoid are bacterial components that contain DNA.
I've finalized my work.
A scientist will read dozens of books in his lifetime, but still believe he has a lot more to learn.
The repairs cost a lot more than dollars, of course, but I am grateful to them for finding a solution.
Do you know what your name means?
You know me and know that I'm not joking.
I'm shocked to my core.
I am still in shock after knowing this sad and devastating news.
My deepest condolences to the bereaved family.
Tom is the person who motivated me and gave me strength at all times to go ahead in the right direction.
I've always wanted to visit Australia.
Tom wouldn't admit his mistake.
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.
I wish it were already summer vacation.
I can't wait for summer vacation to start.
Tom was standing in line.
I didn't know Mary was your girlfriend.
Here's the wine list.
Tom smiled and said goodbye.
During happy hour, all drinks are half price.
Tom seems to be trying to stir up trouble.
I admit that if it weren't for him, the next ten years of my life would have been empty and devoid of purpose.
That cost a lot.
I can understand French better than I can speak it.
After some hours traveling, the young Tom fatigued, arrived at the peak of the mount.
One word to those who understand it is worth more than a whole speech to those who do not understand it.
It is up to you to write to Tom or not.
I know how you must feel, Tom, no one can stop you from doing what you know you must do.
Have you ever done anything illegal?
Do you think you speak English better than me?
Do you think you speak English better than I do?
I don't have time to see you.
Don't you think you've helped me a lot?
We believe that children need both a father and a mother and that time will show how important it really is for them.
Tom was stealing money for the last two years, and Mary knew it all the time.
She keeps a handkerchief in her hand all the time.
He whistles all the time. It drives me crazy.
I don't have time to spend studying English.
I have almost no time to study English.
Tom: "I´ve been bored with my job!" Mary: "Sorry?"
We didn't complain at all.
Today my wife and I are celebrating our twentieth wedding anniversary.
We'll leave as soon as it quits raining.
We'll leave as soon as it stops raining.
She seemed uninterested in our problems, so we stopped asking her for help.
A disinterested third party resolved the dispute.
Have you already become a grumpy old man?
My mother is a crazy woman.
I'm learning how to drive.
I'll be here until next week.
I have to go upstairs.
It's even worse than it was before.
Tom has over three million dollars in assets.
Tom has decided to put off his departure.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not mercy, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
I was bitten by a mosquito.
Typing is a fundamental skill that children have to learn. However, they should not be learning it at the expense of handwriting.
Tom didn't walk to school this morning.
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom didn't tell me to do that.
Tom didn't tell me the truth.
Tom didn't tell me his secret.
Tom didn't tell me her name.
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't go because Mary told him not to.
Tom didn't give me back my money.
Tom didn't like the idea.
Tom didn't buy everything we asked him to buy.
Find something you can do that is not for yourself alone, and in that sharing your unique light will also come through.
Esperanto is refreshingly different.
Does this document refresh your memory?
I think he's a bit depressing.
To love is to suffer.
Bear: "It is a happy meeting, dear Leo, for I have not seen you in six whole months."
Esperanto is a cool language!
You should enclose this note in parentheses.
He can be no companion to any human being!
In olden times when wishing still worked, there lived a king whose daughters were all beautiful.
But his youngest daughter was so beautiful the sun itself was astonished whenever it shone on her face.
It's important to back up claims with evidence.
You cannot turn back the wheel of time.
We need apples, oranges, bread and peanut butter from the supermarket.
Is it going to rain today?
Mary has such a beautiful face, it's as if lots of sculptors had formed it.
She is a speech therapist by profession.
What percentage of Finns are Finno-Swedes?
Trains run on rails.
He wanted help.
That black dog is looking at that white cat.
Can you tell me the WiFi password?
Tom has been looking for his dog all morning.
Tom has been in the bathroom for quite a while.
Tom has been complaining about his low salary.
Are you using the MasterCard?
One more time?
Well, don't you know Esperanto?
I also got it.
"What do you think of Tom?" "His voice is cool isn't it" "Just his voice?" "Don't you think his face is just normal?" "Uh- I think it's cool though."
You're good at French, aren't you?
Do you take MasterCard?
Can I use MasterCard here?
My father reads the newspaper while he eats breakfast.
I can't help you because I don't understand French.
This suitcase isn't yours. It's mine.
Tom is mad at everyone.
Tom is still in his pajamas.
Tom isn't a bad boy.
Tom isn't a bad guy.
Tom isn't a boy anymore.
Tom isn't a high school student.
Tom isn't alone anymore.
Tom isn't altogether wrong.
Tom isn't always in the office in the morning.
Tom isn't as handsome as his brother.
Tom isn't as lazy as you think he is.
Tom isn't someone you should trust.
Tom leaned on his cane.
Tom lost his key.
Tom says he has enough money to buy a house.
Tom wasn't always there for me.
Tom wasn't jumping on the bed.
There are one billion nanometers in a meter.
The rectangle and the rhombus are parallelograms.
I want his help.
The wedding photos are very clear.
The birthday pictures are very sharp.
He didn't press her.
A herd of Friesian cattle is grazing in a field in the British countryside.
The Khmer Rouge often used parables to justify their contradictory actions.
They would compare people to cattle.
The Angkar regulated every moment of our lives.
Mary is not the most perfect woman ever lived but she's the best for Tom.
We are humans and we are from Earth.
As with all things, take from this video any wisdom that is useful, and discard the bullshit.
It's a cute shopping mall full of great restaurants and bars.
The first person to have been sent to space is known to be Yuri Gagarin, not Neil Armstrong.
They possibly did not feel welcome.
To keep you is no benefit. To destroy you is no loss.
It was an object of terror.
The familiar place had a new significance for her.
The fundamental solution is overlooked.
Volcanoes spouted ash and lava.
The government did all it could to break family ties.
Six of those detained were released after being interrogated at the İzmir Police Department.
What would you call your non-binary parent?
What would you call the non-binary sibling of one of your parents?
Alex is non-binary.
Alex is genderqueer.
Alex's gender is neither male nor female, so they go by the pronoun "they."
What are your pronouns?
A green and yellow parrot, which hung in a cage outside the door, kept repeating over and over: "Allez vous-en! Allez vous-en! Sapristi! That's all right!"
Brazilian music is simply magical.
Tom brought that.
Jerusalem is a city of tunnels and underpasses.
Life is our greatest wealth.
I am not qualified for this internship.
Volapük is surprisingly genderqueer-friendly.
Tom is not an Adonis but he's certainly very attractive as he gets out of his Lamborghini in his Armani suit.
"Tom is a bad person." "In what way?"
I stayed in my bedroom until 11:am.
They seem to be in a bad mood today.
With the increase in the number of cars, the atmosphere will get worse and worse.
"How's your sister?" "My sibling is non-binary, and they don't appreciate being called my sister."
"How's your boyfriend?" "My partner is non-binary; please do not call them a boy."
Tom has apparently tried to commit suicide.
Tom has already forgotten about you.
Tom has already explained the rules to me.
Tom has a daughter who's very beautiful.
Tom has already forgotten all about you.
Can I go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red?
That's trash.
Can we recycle this?
Do animals have souls?
I have to take a bath, because I'm all sweaty.
She sleeps in the car.
I speak German well.
She borrowed my scissors.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go by car.
Field with eyes, forest with ears.
He can't distinguish between good and evil.
Guys, I'm really mad at you.
Tom is worried that Mary's new medicine is working just a bit too well.
Try to prioritise these things.
He's a little crazy.
What should we do about it?
"I'm dripping sweat." "Then make sure you take a shower!"
Do you want to go run around the track with me?
Tom likes photography, cooking and video games.
I've been to Boston several times.
Tom is living in a small apartment on Park Street.
Tom is looking forward to his birthday party.
Tom is looking forward to going to Boston.
Tom never lets anyone do anything.
Are you sure his name is Tom?
Is his name really Tom?
If you do that, you're going to look ridiculous.
I haven't read the book you're talking about.
Doctor, can I drink beer?
Cook the soup in the house.
I'll sell the jewelry to customers.
Let Tom send the letter.
When will my work be finished?
Tom found what he was looking for in the back of the closet.
Tom forgot to give me back my dictionary.
Tom forgot to bring his textbook to class.
Everyone lies to me.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll go by car.
The maid will clean the guest room.
We'll let Mary prepare dinner for us tonight.
Who will Gregor sell his car to?
I think your skirt's too short.
I think Mary's skirt's too long.
I am crazy over you.
Yesterday I had a horrible accident on the highway.
You've changed a lot.
Tom, tell me your email address.
Everyone knows you.
I really like riding motorcycles.
I really like riding horses.
I really like riding my bike to school.
Could you wait a moment?
You don't have a clue what you're talking about.
This disease spreads like wildfire.
You have no idea what this is, do you?
Recently, I moved to a new apartment.
This description is too abstract.
The description isn't very clear.
We will first describe the cause of the catastrophe.
The text above contains no accurate facts on the matter.
Fewer graphics and more captions would make the description clearer.
This description of events is completely exaggerated, even if it's essentially true.
Due to Tom's behavior, the court is convinced that Mary's account is accurate.
There is no such thing as a cynic, just people who describe the world as it is.
Be careful. There is danger lurking in every corner.
Discussing beliefs will always present a challenge, since we all have our own idiosyncrasies.
This plant is edible.
They just reported on the news that a vicious murderer is lying in wait at night for elderly women in the streets of London.
She hid her face behind a veil.
He is surrounded by a shroud of mourning.
That's interesting. Tell me more.
That's interesting. Tell me more about that.
I wonder why would you say that.
I wonder why you would say something like that to me.
That's interesting. Why would you ask that?
That's interesting. Why would you do that?
She is surrounded by an aura of powerful magnetism.
The air got cooler when I was coming back home on my bike.
Everything happened too fast.
Brasilia is the capital of Brazil.
Choose no one to be your friend of whom you don't know how he treated his previous friends.
I didn't understand what he said.
Tom has had a fever for the past three days.
Tom is looking at you.
Mary is knitting a scarf for Tom.
Do you have any idea why Tom is mad at me?
I don't live in Boston now.
I don't live in Boston anymore.
Nothing is more boring than traveling long distances by car.
I'd like to express my gratitude to all those who have contributed to make my sentences better.
Language is central to human life.
Humans accomplish amazing things, because they can exchange informations about their knowledge and intentions via the medium of language.
Man has an instinctive tendency to speak, as we see in the babble of our young children, while no child has an instinctive tendency to bake, brew or write.
Tom complained that he had been unfairly treated.
Tom has asked Mary to marry him three times.
Tom doesn't speak French and I don't either.
Tom began working for our company last year.
Tom is unlikely to want to get involved.
Tom denied knowing anything about the robbery.
Tom came to Boston when he was thirteen.
Tom is supposed to be back by 2:30.
Tom is strong enough to lift that.
Tom is running short of funds.
Tom is only three months old.
Tom is the one who hit me.
Get outta here, dumb-ass.
Mary had no husband.
Mary didn't have a husband.
Mary doesn't have a husband.
The only thing I can see this morning is the thick fog surrounding our house.
We are counting on you.
Tom can speak French and so can I.
Tom can't speak French and neither can I.
Tom will arrive in Boston tomorrow.
Tom called me almost every day while he was in Boston.
I think Tom will always love Mary.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that for Mary.
Tom can swim further than Mary can.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to buy a present for John.
Mary is the girl of my dreams.
Tom is the one who took the bandage off of Mary's arm.
Tom won't be able to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom bought a book yesterday and gave it to Mary.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy one of those.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that car.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that house.
Tom can play the drums very well.
Tom can play the drums well.
Tom can sing better than anybody else I know.
Tom can speak three foreign languages.
Tom can't have written this by himself.
Tom can't play the drums very well.
Tom didn't break his promise.
Tom isn't going to buy a new car.
Tom isn't much of a dancer.
Tom isn't much of an artist.
Tom isn't my father. He's my uncle.
Tom isn't my son. He's my nephew.
Tom isn't old enough to get a driver's license yet.
Tom isn't thinking straight.
Tom isn't to be trifled with.
Tom isn't who he says he is.
Tom should be able to do that.
Tom wants to be a doctor when he grows up.
Tom will attend the meeting in my place.
Tom will be a college student next spring.
Tom will be a good teacher.
Tom will be able to answer your question.
Tom will get here sooner or later.
She has a screw loose.
This we can do.
At the age of 22, I fell in love with my boss.
First l was afraid.
But then, l spent several nights.
Think about how you did me wrong.
Nay.
Is it dead yet?
Is it out?
Tom has asked Mary three times to marry him.
You've been really good to me.
I want to visit Boston someday.
Who did Tom sell his car to?
Tom is usually broke by the end of the month.
Tom struggled to keep up with his classmates.
Tom isn't going to get away with it this time.
Tom bought a pair of leather motorcycle gloves.
Tom often drives slightly over the speed limit.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I couldn't do it.
Tom doesn't seem to want to go to bed right now.
Tom brushes his teeth at least three times a day.
Tom has been drinking a lot since he got divorced.
Tom said he doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom often complains about his mother's cooking.
Tom says that he wasn't the one who broke the window.
Tom told me that he does thirty push-ups every morning.
Tom has been practicing the piano two or three hours a day.
Tom doesn't like basketball much, but he really likes volleyball a lot.
I wonder why you would say that.
I wonder why Tom said that.
So one can bring joy to Tom even with small things.
If they find us, we're dead.
We're dead if they find us.
We're dead meat if they find us.
We can't leave him like this.
We can't leave her like this.
She earned remarkable grades at the final exams.
We can't leave Tom like this.
Tom said that he thought the economy was likely to get better.
Tom says he's willing to do just about anything for me.
Tom won't likely be able to cope with the situation.
Tom denied that he had been involved in the affair.
Tom spent three years in prison for what he did.
Tom didn't know how many of them needed help.
Tom complained that he couldn't find a job.
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
Some meat remained.
None of the food was left.
There was some meat left over.
Tom fell from his crutches. Fortunately, Mary helped him to get up again.
Tom has borrowed Mary's car for a few days.
Tom has been trying to contact you for days.
Here are the languages I want to learn, in roughly chronological order.
Mary doesn't like men who act like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who sound like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who speak like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who think like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who get jealous easily like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who are stingy like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who talk a lot about themselves like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who make less than $100,a year like Tom.
I love beef.
What Tom said was beside the point.
I should've come here by bicycle.
I should've read the instructions.
Tom usually drives slightly over the speed limit.
George Bernard Shaw studied Hungarian for years.
These diamonds come from South Africa.
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.
The burning of coal is responsible for more than 40% of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions.
More than one million tons of coal are mined each day in Australia.
About ten million tons of coal are mined every day in China.
Tom and Mary were trapped by a blizzard.
Tom was trapped for ten days by a terrible blizzard.
Many people can't imagine a meal without ketchup.
Words fail me in expressing my emotion.
Might you have a few minutes to assist me?
I won't abide critiques.
I will not tolerate critiques.
I also often experience loneliness.
Happy the one who desires no more!
The old woman looked at me with surliness and mistrust.
Happy the one who no more desires!
Don't confuse astrology with astronomy.
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences.
Is the cosmos infinite?
Orion is one of the most recognizable constellations.
I purchased a telescope and a book on astronomy.
It's too big to fit in the car.
These blinds are not made of real wood.
To give names to celestial objects, astronomers use Latin.
What language do you speak at home?
What language do you two use to communicate?
What language do you use at work?
What language do you use with your parents?
What language do you use when you talk with your parents?
Which language do you speak the most often?
Which is your strongest language?
Which is your stronger language?
Which language would you prefer to use?
What's your preferred language?
Do you speak the same language to your father that you speak to your mother?
If your father asks your mother a question in French, does she answer in French or in English?
I speak French to my father and English to my mother.
Which language do you most often have conversations in?
My father always speaks to me in French and my mother always speaks to me in English.
With some books, the more I read them, the less I understand them.
I usually dream in French unless I'm dreaming about talking to one of my English-speaking friends.
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.
He's pretty wise but too self-confident.
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.
Tom studied French for three years.
Her outrage is completely justified.
Her anger is completely justified.
They gave away the ending.
Astronomers use Latin for naming celestial objects.
I am like a mirror reflecting your light.
There's only one week till Easter Sunday.
The last rays of the sun are reflected on the infinite sea.
I've just returned from the post office.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
I have not yet received your email with the information about your annual salary.
We received an email with the news about Tom's death.
The company sent out a memo with an apology for the mistake.
Send the package to me at this address.
You needn't have told Tom about it.
Mary is a charismatic performer, and really knows how to captivate her audience.
We must open an account for our group.
The temperature is below zero today.
Excuse me, but I believe that's my seat.
I wonder what I'll do once I get home.
That's a supposition, not a fact.
All our blood passes through our kidneys about sixty times a day.
Do you remember who I am?
Have you ever sung for an audience?
Have you ever sung before an audience?
My brother sends you his warm regards.
I told him he should leave it , but he did it anyway.
I need an assistant who speaks French.
Tom told me to leave right away.
Tom told me I should leave right away.
Why are you visiting Australia?
Show me where Boston is on the map.
When are you going to return from Boston?
When are you going to get back from Boston?
I wasn't living in Boston last year.
How far is Boston from here?
Is it true that Tom went to Boston?
What we need now is action, not discussion.
This train is crowded, so let's take the next one.
Do you regret marrying me?
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.
Please don't tell your parents this.
What is your native language?
The flower pot is broken.
I would've rather played tennis.
I would've said something.
I wouldn't count anything out.
I wouldn't expect too much.
I wouldn't have done it.
I wouldn't have recognized Tom if he hadn't been with Mary.
I wouldn't hold my breath.
I wouldn't rule anything out.
I wouldn't rule it out.
I wouldn't tell Tom anything if I were you.
It probably would be cheaper somewhere else.
How do you like my new wall calendar?
You always have to have the last word, don't you?
Athletes hoping to medal in the Olympics have been warned to stay away from social media in the lead up to their events.
Parts of the city looked like a disaster zone following the storm.
Tom liked Mary for years, but at some point, his feelings for her changed to love.
Tom could think about nothing but Mary in the early stages of his relationship with her.
Love is hard to define.
This book is too difficult for me.
It was that sound that brought her eyes open.
A quiet place to sit and rest would be plenty.
Discussing the matter won't get us anywhere.
This holiday isn't much fun - we might as well head back home.
This is called shorthand.
Tom did a lot of stupid things when he was young.
The road was icy.
How did you get into that line of work?
How did you get into that business?
How did you get into that profession?
Perhaps it would be better if I forgot you.
Who's supposed to eat all that?
Who's going to believe that?
Are you saying that you give up?
I heard nothing about that.
I wrote this book after I had suffered from a great loss.
That movie won an Oscar as the best foreign film.
Don't touch my flowers.
Hands off my flowers!
That is one of the most difficult languages in the whole world.
In that store's display window I saw the object of my desires.
I saw what I wanted in the store window.
It's okay, Tom. It's over.
Do you have any idea who's behind this?
Is there anything else that you want to know?
Tom is working on it right now.
I'll call you as soon as I get back from Boston.
We finally got to Boston around midnight.
I've lived in Boston for three years.
I was driving to Boston at that time.
That never happens here in Boston.
You should've gone to Boston.
Tom should move to Boston.
Tom rarely goes to Boston.
Tom died while in Boston.
Tom grew up near Boston.
Are you going to Boston?
It was a very dark night.
There is a someone standing at the door.
Twice I have tried to kill myself.
Bob also can drive.
Bob can also drive.
Bob is also able to drive.
I was out of words to say.
Call her at 3.
She is a so-called bookworm.
How tall is that mountain?
I can't bake bread because I don't have an oven.
Tom drove his family to the beach and they spent all day swimming.
The teacher compared my poem with a fellow student's.
I'll be careful never to be late again.
You shouldn't judge a person based on his or her name.
You shouldn't judge people based on their names.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't seen this yet.
This book is worth reading more than once.
Does your school have a baseball team?
Tom doesn't understand how this works.
Harvard is a wonderful university.
How energy efficient is that?
Has anybody seen Tom lately?
Tom is John's middle name.
Where was Tom last night?
This is the first time we've given a concert in Boston.
Tom's mother lives in Boston. His father lives in Chicago.
Do you know how many millionaires live in Boston?
Tom is one of Boston's most successful athletes.
Tom is one of Boston's most successful lawyers.
Many Boston residents oppose the mayor's plan.
Our headquarters will remain in Boston.
We've never given a concert in Boston.
Tom was living in Boston last year.
Tom has been transferred to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary live in Boston.
What will you miss about Boston?
Tom studied medicine in Boston.
Currently, Tom lives in Boston.
Tom currently lives in Boston.
Is Tom still living in Boston?
Are you still based in Boston?
Tom is now living in Boston.
Tom now lives near Boston.
They both lived in Boston.
Is Tom living in Boston?
Are you based in Boston?
Tom was shot in Boston.
I love visiting Boston.
Boston is a big city.
According to the radio, it'll rain tomorrow.
Please make sure that the dog doesn't go outside.
Please be careful not to let the dog outside.
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.
The horse raced past the barn fell.
I think the best way to learn English is to live in America.
Tom picked up takeout on his way home.
Mary picked up some take-out on her way home.
That's the way we've always done it.
"Why do you do it that way?" "I don't know. That's the way we've always done it.
You can't just come here and change everything!
Just because you've always done it this way, it doesn't mean that it's the best way to do it.
People are sometimes resistant to change.
That's the way we've always done things around here.
Did you take it back?
I want to find my old cracked mirror.
I want to find my energetic, fearless brother.
I want to find my big yellow banana.
Tom, how many times have I told you not to do that?
Tom has been bitten by the love bug.
How many times have I told you?!
You should've known better than to put yourself in that situation!
We need to find out who he is and who he's working for.
I hate it when he does that.
I hate it when she does that.
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
Mary blushed, and held down her head.
I'm sorry, Reverend Mother.
You're going to be the death of me.
Here it is. And don't lose it next time.
This pirate has a pet parrot.
I'll have to be extra careful around her from now on.
You have to be extra careful around him.
Tom was killed by a poison dart fired from a blowgun.
I blame myself severely for having so easily believed the slanderous tales invented by Charles Smith to the prejudice of Lady Susan.
It is well known that Miss Manwaring is absolutely on the catch for a husband.
At present, nothing goes smoothly; the Females of the Family are united against me.
Riches only will not satisfy me.
You did this, didn't you?
You better tell the truth.
Don't follow his example.
Don't follow her example.
Why don't you follow your diet?
Why don't you follow your sister's example for just once?
Why don't you follow her example?
Why don't you follow his example?
The cards are stacked against us.
I still can't believe Tom and I are getting married.
I still can't believe Mary and I are getting married.
At first, I was disappointed.
Her name was changed to protect her identity.
His name was changed to protect his identity.
I'm a bit anxious.
Tom thought the world of you.
You know, Tom, Mary thought the world of you.
That's so 2015.
Why are you so hot?
Mary is a student representative.
Tom is studying in the library.
Mary likes to study in the library.
Mary is very concerned with her grades, while Tom is more concerned about partying.
Tom is my ex's ex.
She's my ex's ex.
Don't follow Tom's example.
You'd better tell the truth.
You have to be extra careful around Tom.
You need to be extra careful around Tom.
You need to be careful not to hurt Tom's feelings.
You should've known better than to put yourself in that situation.
This message will self-destruct in five seconds.
Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon for the first time in July 1969.
The case was settled out of court.
Either way works for me.
I don't know his last name.
I don't know her last name.
I can handle this, Tom.
The service here is awful.
Did you ever get married?
She's not worth your trouble.
He's not worth your trouble.
Who would've thought?
He works for a multinational company.
Many people here take the train to work.
Tom's as strong as an ox, yet nevertheless is a coward.
Tom finished his chores and then he did his homework.
Tom fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep while driving and caused an accident.
Tom eats lunch at the school cafeteria two or three times a week.
Tom drank the whole bottle of milk by himself.
Mary's a yo-yo dieter, who's lost weight many times, only to put it back on again.
Let's hope that common sense prevails.
"Hey, pal, are you thinking what I think you think I'm thinking, or are you thinking what you thought I've been thinking?" "Wait, who are you anyway?"
Tom did everything he could for his children.
Tom didn't arrive until it was already too late.
Tom didn't eat pizza with the rest of us yesterday.
It is possible to access the Internet without a wire.
Tom didn't get in until after 2:this morning.
Tom didn't get home until after 2:this morning.
His ugly business finally leaked to the public.
She likes to get boys' attention.
I'm glad you will visit Tokyo next month.
Can I borrow your cellphone, please?
You are taller than her.
Nobody knows that better than she does.
Last year, there was much snow.
Don't you think it's too strange?
Is Dimitris from Greece?
Everything has got its time.
If you expect to be thanked, go to the king!
I'm two years younger than Tom.
I don't want Mary to have a boyfriend yet.
This is the tsunami: the beach will come to you if you don't come to the beach.
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.
I didn't think anything was suspicious.
The accident's only survivor was a baby.
He is not on Facebook.
The color will not go away, even with washing.
Tom isn't on Facebook.
Tom doesn't use Facebook.
Tom has quit using Facebook.
Tom told me that he doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Tom and I are Facebook friends.
Is Tom from Boston?
Did Tom grow up in Boston?
What part of Boston does Tom live in?
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?
How many years was Tom in Boston?
Tom says he likes Boston better than Chicago.
Is this really your car?
Who's your doctor?
Do you weigh more than Tom?
Tom is now taller than his father.
We're all disappointed.
What should Tom do now?
How should this be done?
I should've done more.
We are not ready.
We aren't ready.
This armchair is comfortable.
This armchair is comfortable to sit in.
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't like the color.
This is the most comfortable chair in our house.
This is the most comfortable chair I've ever sat in.
This is the most comfortable chair I've sat on in a long time.
The frying pan is rusty.
Are you taller than Tom?
More people should do that.
Tom should've done that.
We should do that again.
We should've done that sooner.
What should Tom do next?
You should do that.
Has Tom been convicted?
I'm drinking hot wine punch.
I'm drinking mulled wine.
A friend is always ready to do a favor.
The bottles were stopped with corks.
I ate a chakli.
Tom didn't get paid as much as they told him they'd pay him.
Tom didn't get paid as much as he thought he was worth.
I am often compared to my older brother.
Mary suddenly started crying uncontrollably.
Tom started crying uncontrollably.
No DNA evidence was found.
At what time is sunset?
At what time is sunrise?
At what time is brunch?
We imagine the impression others have of us.
A packing list for a business trip will include a dress jacket, shirt, and trousers.
The packing list for the business trip includes an umbrella, gloves, and a belt.
You will need to fill out a business trip report.
Where is your business trip report?
Do you have an itinerary for your business trip?
Where can I find the itinerary for your business trip?
Would you like me to help you develop the itinerary for your business trip?
When does your trip begin?
When does your business trip begin?
Tom didn't have time to read the report.
Tom didn't have enough money to go home by bus.
What time is sunset?
What time is sunrise?
What time is brunch?
How much should you exercise?
I should've expected that to happen.
I think Tom will enjoy this.
Maybe you should quit drinking.
People should have realistic expectations.
That should've been expected.
They shouldn't be doing that.
We should do everything ourselves.
We should just enjoy this and not worry about how much it costs.
We shouldn't do anything about that right now.
We shouldn't have tried doing that without Tom's help.
You should've expected us.
You shouldn't drink this water.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, I don't think you can call it love.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, you can't call it love.
The population of India is over crores.
Tom gave me one crore rupees.
Tom gave me one lakh rupees.
I hope you plan to record some more.
Should I send you more sentences?
Let me know if you need more.
If there is a problem then what is it?
How much is this hat?
How much does this hat cost?
You are stepping over a line now.
Are you sure you are not lying now?
It is an arid region, almost a desert.
I don't buy into this whole thing of being normal. There's no such thing as normal.
I'm a proud Zamboangueño because this is my ethnicity or my ethno-linguistic nation, my heritage, culture and identity.
Please add a new sentence.
Install properly the fans and radiator in your computer case.
That's really impressive!
Is Tom a Power Ranger?
I'd like to live in Europe someday.
Interest in German is growing, particularly in China, India and Brazil.
Prisoner is discharged.
Germany today is different; not just white people speak German.
Will I get what I want?
Get off my tail.
Don't look at us.
I will need their help.
Do alligators lay eggs?
Few languages have audio-visual isomorphism.
You have good genes.
Tom put his hands on Mary's shoulders and looked deeply into her eyes.
Relax. You're all tensed up.
My office is near Starbucks.
Tom and Mary live in a traditional Japanese house.
Alcohol is sometimes called liquid courage.
You have to take off your shoes before entering a traditional Japanese house.
There's a little pond in the garden.
We had nothing to talk about.
The initiative is punishable.
It was almost too easy.
His face was disfigured by horror.
I didn't need his help.
Tom drank curdled milk.
After a rainy morning the clouds were suddenly parted and a double rainbow appeared in the sky.
You can open the window.
Don't break the speed limit.
Why are you sleeping?
We're totally cool with that.
I have no idea where he has been going.
My father was an actor.
What are you doing in my office?
My mother is making dinner.
His in-laws live in the United States.
Tom has a beloved wife. Her name is Mary.
Mary is napping on the sofa.
The tower occupied a prominent spot on the ridge.
Yesterday, Mary cleaned the house and washed clothes.
When's Tom arriving?
She redid her lipstick.
is the year of the monkey.
is the year of the Red Monkey according to Chinese astrology.
"Who's hungry?" "We are."
"Is there a doctor in the house?" "I am."
"Who broke the window?" "She did."
"Who knows the way to the airport?" "I do."
"Who will tell him the bad news?" "I will."
There was a knock on the door. "Who's there?" asked Tom. "It is I," answered Mary.
Don't be afraid. It's just me.
Don't take my picture!
Do not take a picture of me!
His grandfather used to say to him: "Tom, you're good for nothing."
I have been thinking about doing this for a very long time.
None of the other students spoke to me.
Could I borrow your notes?
Hurry up, Tom. The food is getting cold.
I look terrible.
Oh my God, I look so fat.
I look awful today.
I look terrible today.
Yesterday it rained hard.
There's beer in the fridge.
Let me know if there's something I can do.
I would like you to know how important you are to me.
I would like you to know how much you mean to me.
He who would be loved, must love.
The landscape painter made some touch-ups to the painting.
In the Middle Ages, water from the sacred spring was considered a panacea.
We were diving.
I don't exorcise anyone.
Listen to your heart, because it never lies.
At first he was against the project.
You are going to go take a shower now.
I never run away.
After saying everything that I had to, I felt relaxed.
Marko has a dog. His dog is very small.
This was the Philosopher's Stone.
He doubted if I would keep my promise.
This is quite unequivocal.
The washing machine is on "stop".
Tom tried to drown himself in the bathtub.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a Roma and a Hungarian.
They went to Sao Paulo.
It seems like he has a big cock.
He cried out from pain.
As usual he brought me nothing.
What fisherman or hunter doesn't like to talk about his happy experiences?
I looked at her full of amazement and admiration. After a while she hissed "Don't stand there gawking!"
No one can do anything about it.
The boys each received two and a half apples.
The man had not spoken to his wife in three days.
Don't touch my balls.
It is the general inventory of art works belonging to the City of Paris.
Could you recommend a cheap boarding house?
I took two cold tablets before I laid down.
You want to watch a French film, right?
I've changed clothes.
Maria took the eggs one after another from the egg carton.
Maria took the eggs one after the other from the egg carton.
Maria took the eggs, one after another out of the egg carton.
These porcelains are not valuable.
A wife who can be quiet is a gift of God.
Zoology and botany are dedicated to the study of life.
Zoology and botany are about the study of life.
You don't need a lot.
I don't have a religion and I don't follow any god.
Tom is trying to save his own skin.
All storeys of the house are made of wood.
Each floor of the house is made of wood.
Do you know Roman numerals?
Wait for me by the car!
She will let it go this time.
She will drop it this time.
You will let it go this time.
You will drop it this time.
I don't recommend them.
Tom always makes a face when I point my camera at him.
Do you see the difference?
Drugs can cause both dependency and tolerance.
The opposition is rubbing their hands together in malice.
I happen to know him.
It so happens that I know him.
In summer I go to the sea, in winter to the mountains.
Last night a fire broke out in the house next door.
We spent the whole day chatting.
We spent the whole day conversing.
Issac Newton was buried in Westminster Abbey.
You shouldn't trust in appearances.
Since I cannot speak about Tom's entire life, I will speak about my own experiences with him.
My watch is not working right.
My watch is not working correctly.
My watch is off.
It doesn't bother me if you stay.
On average I go to the movies three times a week.
The neighbor woman nearly died of envy.
They didn't have vertigo.
Does this candy contain liquor?
I don't know how to write with the left hand.
For several days I've felt the need to write you.
He tried again, but in vain.
I don't envy them.
I'm not complaining and so far no one else has complained, although working conditions are truly terrible.
Kick misery out the door and it will return through the window.
That's exactly what I saw.
I saw exactly that.
He has all the luck.
He gets all the breaks.
An ugly wife is a good fence around the garden.
He said goodbye to him and left.
If you bite your fingernails, sooner or later you will make your fingers bleed.
He pushed his hat back on his head.
Don't worry about this. It's just a bad memory that will disolve with the first rays of sunlight.
The food is in the refrigerator. The refrigerator is in the kitchen.
I still haven't finished the exercises.
Men are crazy about her.
He lowered the curtain.
What does your father do for a living?
She is an adorable woman.
He asked me to keep the secret.
"And for monsieur?" "A veal stew!"
I paid him last week.
I haven't seen him for a good long time.
I'm cooking soup in a large pot.
He's half deaf in one ear.
So, is the glass half full or half empty?
Does hypocrisy reign supreme?
"An Easy Death" is a film based on the novel by Leo Tolstoi "The Death of Ivan Ilich"
Unfortunately, the one who ruins everything isn't me, it's you.
They are not angry.
Do you know that elephants have two enormous ears, but they still can't understand you?
I want to invest in index funds.
Where can I purchase index funds?
Do you have savings in both stocks and bonds?
Online banking is very convenient.
I want to invest a little money every month.
She has never met Maria.
Tom suggests to Marie that he goes shopping while she watches the children.
Savings bonds are a stable investment.
I forgot my debit card at home.
During the day the streets fill up with cars.
The teacher who substituted for professor Rosa is from Argentina.
Only they themselves understand what they say.
The thieves entered by the window.
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family's clothes in the zinc bathtub.
Will you help me with the translation?
She is nice and an educated person.
We're dying from conformity.
We've been abandoned.
Please, tell him for once.
He who flatters you to your face, bites you behind your back.
It's always a thrill to play with you.
All children need stimulation.
I hear you very well.
They were dreaming.
The European Union is considering banning plastic bags.
Every evening after bedtime stories Mary asked for a lullaby and Mama of course, could not deny her.
I need support.
Believe those who are seeking truth and doubt those who have found it.
Today I'm staying at home.
The place is pretty.
Since I was little I have loved going to the sea with my family.
I eat with my mouth and smell with my nose.
The electoral law needs to be changed.
Truly, I still think this will accomplish nothing.
I have nothing to do with this crime.
She is sitting.
How does it help you to brag that you are a free man? Don't you still have to pay taxes on time although they are revolting to you?
Please do not feed the animals.
The company did not immediately know how to ward off these attacks.
I've lost all the contacts from my address book.
He scolded them because of the noise.
I finally passed the aptitude test for higher management studies.
Did you set the clock?
In an insistent voice, he asked his brother to hand over the letter and he died.
I can't do two things at the same time.
I won't tie your shoelaces for you.
"My biological father means nothing to me!", he said.
You got there before her.
His compositions represent the last echo of Renaissance music.
One hour of sleep before midnight is better than two afterwards.
What would you do in this type of situation?
Shut up, dumbass!
We can't take it any more!
My mother is a woman.
Since when is your skin jaundiced?
How long has your skin been jaundiced?
There's a label on the jar.
Tom is a very determined man.
This is a rather unusual request.
Tom, look at me. Are you okay?
"You look very tired." "No, mom, I'm fine."
This road is terrible.
If I were in her place, I'd refuse to do that.
Tom, what's the matter?
Unfortunately, you can't eat tanks.
I just wanted to see how you'd react.
Look, a snake!
Look, a squirrel!
I eat pears.
Tom doesn't really like Mary, even though he says he does.
Gas has been found below the sea.
How many groups on WhatsApp have you joined?
Is it easy to get there?
Did you get her phone number?
Wait beside the car for me!
My mother is a fantastic woman.
Where did you hear that from?
Is the universe unlimited?
Do you have any French-speaking employees?
Sony is a brand known around the world.
My knife has gotten dull.
A lot of people think this politician is an unscrupulous careerist.
What do you call this animal?
Sometimes less is more.
I made a rough calculation.
Don't recommend a bald guy to buy a comb.
The cloud was pitch black.
I can't do without coffee at breakfast.
I wish I could speak English as fluently as you!
Who cut the cake?
More and more people are deciding to stop eating meat.
A lot of people live in Tokyo.
If you want to speak English as fluently as me, you must learn as much as I did.
What time will you come tomorrow?
I didn't have anything better to do.
I don't have anything better to do.
Would you mind sharing your table?
Would you mind sharing your table, sir?
Your waiter will be right with you.
Mary sought the help of experts to make a final decision.
Mary was happy to comply with the result.
New Year's resolutions made in January are often broken by February.
I was on the verge of tears.
Do whatever you want. I don't care.
I don't have anything to say to you.
The young man was dressed elegantly.
Tom tried to gain the attention of one of the waiters.
How many times did you kiss him?
How many times did you kiss her?
"How many times did you kiss him?" "Just once."
Will you have dinner with me this evening?
Will you have a drink with me?
The Jacksons have a black and white TV set.
I'll see you after class.
Because there is a forest nearby, Mary has a bush fire plan.
A horrendous situation developed. We hope the government can find a satisfactory solution.
When a whole town is destroyed in a bush fire, it is the elderly who find it most difficult to start again.
I've gained over five pounds since I got here.
Are you all out of your minds?
Are you on your way home?
So, have you thought about my offer?
Tom kicked the snow off his boots.
This is obviously fake.
It's obviously fake.
Why don't you hire a private detective?
It's good to hear your voice again.
"How do you explain that?" "I can't."
It's not like I have anything better to do.
I didn't fall asleep until after o'clock in the morning.
It's not like you have anything better to do.
It's not like we have anything better to do.
What would your dream home look like?
Tom is not afraid to speak his mind.
I need to talk to her alone.
They didn't waste any time, did they?
You're in no position to bargain.
He didn't waste any time, did he?
She didn't waste any time, did she?
Why can't you be nice for once?
Why can't you be nice to me for once?
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?
This sweater is made of pure wool.
He just kissed me. Nothing really happened.
We both pretended nothing had happened.
Most wool comes from sheep.
These warm socks are made from alpaca fiber.
The shearer sheared the sheep.
These garments are made from wool.
Cashmere wool comes from Cashmere goats.
This word's origin is unknown.
Nice place you have here.
This is the most fun I've had in a long time.
The "family manager" is a profession, occupation, vocation.
Tom went to Pune.
Tom went to Thane.
Tom went to Byculla.
You guys are untrustworthy.
On that day we want to spend a pleasant evening with some friends.
I wish I could play guitar.
She's the most beautiful girl.
She dances well.
She is the cutest girl.
You cannot complain.
I gave him a couple of books.
I gave her a couple of books.
Tom and Mary got divorced.
I only got your letter yesterday.
The virus can easily infect a healthy person.
The tall trees blocked out the sun.
Some girls were chased like cattle.
I am sure you heard the explosion that happened in Istanbul.
I am sure you heard about the explosion that happened in Istanbul.
Everything is connected.
Everything in the world is connected to everything else.
So are you translating or twiddling your fingers?
I like it when you sing.
I remember that you said that you had a car.
His parents have worked at sea for many years.
We will see to it that he answers for what he has done.
It was an embarrassing fiasco.
I'm getting ready for my trip to Italy.
I'm learning Italian for my trip to Italy.
It's easy to forget that the microphone costs extra.
She can't stand light, not even the light from a cellphone.
His hair was cut short and he was clean-shaven.
I hope he gets punished.
The tree is rotten and stone dead, and could fall at any time.
Don't pick flowers from the flowerbed.
The price of oil has dipped below $a barrel.
It's true hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?
What are you worried about, anyway?
Come on. Have a drink.
Maybe the stars were not properly aligned.
Tom is an experienced negotiator.
Come with me, both of you.
Beware the ides of March.
We can't bury our heads in the sand.
You can't bury your head in the sand.
Tom brushed the sand from his clothes.
Tom brushed the snow from his coat.
Does anybody have a kleenex?
This looks like a good spot.
This looks like a good spot for fishing.
This looks like a good spot to camp.
This looks like a good spot to set up camp.
Does anyone have a tissue?
We're not leaving without Tom.
What's he doing here?
What is she doing here?
Can you help me with my school project?
What was your favorite part?
When was the last time you slept?
It's cheap, but on the other hand the quality is poor.
Music brightens our lives.
I am engaged to him.
"Who are you?" "Tom, I'm your father!"
I shave my beard every morning.
I don't like seeing young women wearing a lot of makeup.
I certainly enjoyed traveling, and I still would if I could, but traveling is expensive and I don't earn as much as I used to.
Some fans of music will praise all indie songs just for the genre and not the actual quality.
I wish Tom would arrive soon.
"Look, a squirrel!" "Where? Show me!" "Right there in that tree. Can you find it?" "Oh, I see it now!"
The operation was a complete success.
Tom's kidneys and liver are in bad shape.
Places like Disneyland may not be especially interesting to me, but I might like to go sometime.
When I got home, I realized I had lost my wallet.
I think that can be arranged.
I figured out how to solve the problem.
The horses are restless—perhaps we will have thunder tonight.
"Tom, I am your father!" "Stop it, Mary. It's not funny."
So, should we get going?
I'll call tomorrow morning.
Why don't you tell him yourself?
Why don't you tell her yourself?
Tom was completely exhausted.
Hello. Long time no see.
Tom opened the door and entered the office.
Nobody stood up.
She wore a red shirt and a black skirt.
He uttered an incomprehensible oath in the local vernacular before going on his way.
The sun is the eternal source of light, heat, and life.
Among all the men, there aren't many who know how to handle a sword other than him.
The earth is blue. Like an orange.
I feel like I've heard that conversation before.
Tiny mistakes can sometimes lead to big trouble.
I think I've heard that somewhere before.
I started having trouble understanding what I was saying myself.
Oh, that surprised me! Try not to make such loud noises.
Mary went out into the bath wearing only a towel.
There's probably very little I can do.
The stairs collapsed and he fell.
We often eat together.
Tom quickly went in the room.
The train stopped for a moment.
My father has been to space.
They do not know how they should use the money.
Tom is married and even has a son.
That cat is quite fat.
How long did it take you to finish reading the book?
Isn't there anything else?
It's your victory.
Compared to your feet, my feet are smaller.
My feet are smaller than your feet.
Once you make it to the end, it's okay for you to cry.
The hardest part of language learning is remembering vocabulary.
It always snows during winter in Canada.
Sometimes even minor errors can lead to serious accidents.
Sometimes even small mistakes can lead to big accidents.
Where the fuck are you thinking of going?
To put it all together, you will have to dedicate twelve hours per week to your training.
It's important to me to be understood.
That's the most important reason.
I wish I could speak English as fluently as you.
If only I could speak English as fluently as you.
I want to hear a story.
I don't want to hear your stories. I already know them all.
Do you want to hear my story?
Why don't you tell us a story?
I had my reasons.
I want to hear the whole story.
I want to hear the whole story, and don't skip any details.
I don't want to hear a story.
Mary sat on the edge of the bed and told Tom a story until he felt asleep.
I want to hear a story!
Tom sat on the lounge chair and stared at the stars overhead.
Do you want me to be frank?
Does your shame know no bounds?
Tell me if there's anything I can do to help.
I love both of you with all my heart.
What kind of story do you want to hear?
Do you know any ghost stories?
Ignore him, Tom. He's just jealous.
I can't wait to tell Tom about this.
Do you want to hear this story or not?
Do you want to hear my story or not?
Tom put his arms around her.
It is physically impossible.
Alice is Mary's dearest friend.
The princess disguised herself as a simple shepherdess.
Is this any way to treat a lady?
Do you know who you’re talking to?
I won't take this any longer.
Tom remained silent for a long time.
Mary remained silent for a long time.
This is not something I am proud of.
I'm not trying to make excuses.
Tom spends most of his spare time practising the guitar.
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
You were his only friend.
Could I have a sip?
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers, and are famous preservers of youthful looks.
You were Tom's only friend.
Tom was Mary's only friend when she was in kindergarten.
Tom spends most of his spare time practicing the guitar.
It'll take me a long time to get over this cold.
The boss hired two foremen.
To be honest I don't wanna work with you.
Do you want to go together, follow or go ahead? You have to know what you want and that you want it.
The World is Blue as an Orange.
What do you mean? What do you want to tell me?
I ate all my oranges.
That four-year plan has to be approved.
The engineer is working in France.
She is always at school.
I'll give you an apple.
I'll give you money.
I had two cars.
I had four children.
My name is Irakli.
I love roads.
He who doesn't avenge is a son of a donkey.
I've never seen you like that before.
What should one ask to start a conversation?
Our dinner today will be very simple: bread, goat cheese, figs and wine.
There are not two suns in the sky.
A cordial greeting to your family.
He can write with both hands.
Tom has a private airplane.
Three years have passed since I was in Boston.
The winter has passed, and spring has arrived.
Many predictions were made, but none of those predictions came true.
Did you watch the presidential debate?
I just admire the diversity of life on our planet.
He dove.
That had never happened to him before.
Are you a chemistry student?
He often comes to see me.
I haven't been to Boston in three years.
It's been three years since I was in Boston.
It's good to see you smile.
She is wearing dancing shoes.
He says that he knows you.
Tom says that he knows you.
Tom says he knows you.
I've been thinking about doing this for a very long time.
Puran Polis are made using jaggery.
Today is a working day.
The refugee crisis could shake up the political landscape in Germany.
Following the accident he recovered quickly.
You need to take a cold shower.
Save energy, be positive!
That's a real load off my mind.
We paid him four dollars.
Do you know any good Korean restaurants.
Age isn't important, unless you are cheese.
Tom made a lot of typos on his new keyboard until he got used to it.
Tom and Mary found it difficult raising six kids on one income.
It's as though I'm an adult.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't show up.
Work morally!
He's the silent type.
He broke relations with them.
Are you familiar with that writing style?
She tends to forget her promises.
After his near-death experience, Tom was a much more loving and less judgemental person.
How does the artist get that effect?
How does the painter get that effect?
How does the author get that effect?
Every chapter should contain a small story.
How does one get that effect?
They want to build one of the most beautiful buildings in the world.
He collects silk ties.
She paid him four dollars.
He paid him four dollars.
Painting is another thing that I can do relatively well.
You paid him four dollars.
Did you get that from the black market?
I brought my umbrella along, because I was scared it would rain.
Whose book is that on the table?
Y'all are trustworthy.
Exercise every day for good health.
Japan is surpassing China in economic power.
How tall is your wife?
Can they try?
I would want to eat breakfast.
Why do you always contradict me?
The air smells like spring flowers.
I don't know if I should turn left or right.
There are roses next to the steel building.
There are roses around the steel building.
There are roses behind the steel building.
There are roses in front of the steel building.
There are tulips around the steel building.
There are tulips behind the steel building.
There are tulips in front of the steel building.
Contrary to popular belief, Tom isn't that naive.
The truth and simplicity of nature is always the most important foundation of noteworthy art.
There are daisies next to the steel building.
There are daisies around the steel building.
Tom's dog runs behind me.
The past year was the hottest since weather records began.
Tom is a bit bigger than you.
The airplane ascended to four thousand feet.
Are we going to empty a glass?
You can't win against the truth.
In the evening quiet, we enjoy the song of the euphonious nightingale.
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?
You have beautiful legs.
You wish!
It's nigh-on impossible to work out what will happen.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
I feel a yearning for the university.
I yearn for the university.
In there was created the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary, in which Hungary enjoyed a greater amount of autonomy.
We are still doing well.
I think Tom needs something to write.
Mama had a crippled face.
I got it practically for free.
Is he a doctor or a patient?
Wikipedia turns today.
You look like you've just seen a ghost.
Tom is a brilliant young scientist.
Tom missed a step and fell down the stairs.
Squirrels love climbing trees.
The smell was detestable.
Do you know English?
The giraffe is the tallest of all animals.
Tom doesn't understand modern technology.
Today in the morning, I have seen the birth of a butterfly.
Tom may have been here.
You smell awful.
You smell terrible.
You stink.
That doesn't happen a lot.
You shouldn't worry about that.
You shouldn't leave your windows open.
You shouldn't have been there.
You should take up golf.
You should run for city council.
You should look into that.
You should know that's impossible.
You should be a diplomat.
Why should you think that?
Why should we help?
Why should we get involved?
Why should Tom say anything?
Why should that surprise anyone?
Why should that be necessary?
Why should it be difficult?
Why should it be different?
Why should I thank Tom?
Why should I stop doing this?
Why should I pay that much?
Why should I hire Tom?
Why should anyone be surprised?
Which way should we go?
Where else should we go?
What steps should we take?
What should I look for?
They decided the date for the trip.
It feels like it's going to absorb you into another world.
He wants no kind of flowers.
He does not want any kind of flowers.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Second best is never enough.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
Not all Germans like to drink beer.
Why should it be necessary?
I'd like to dance.
Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.
It's clear that he has no intention of marrying you.
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.
Doing the laundry is my job.
What got him so upset?
I spread cheese on bread.
I can't approve the proposal by myself.
Dream on!
The award-winning movie has been showing at the cinema for the last weeks.
It's clear that Tom has no intention of marrying you.
This was bound to happen sooner or later.
Germany lies in the heart of Europe.
Germany is in the heart of Europe.
Germany lies at the heart of Europe.
Germany is at the heart of Europe.
I shouldn't be talking to you.
Tom is a mischievous boy.
I don't think anyone can help me anymore.
I don't think anybody can help me anymore.
A president's work is very interesting.
The work of a president is very interesting.
We're going to see a full moon tomorrow.
Right?
Likewise.
Deal?
Look, look!
Forget her.
Take a seat!
Donate blood.
Could be.
Come down!
Whose pen is that?
She died of natural causes.
To hope is better than to despair.
Instead of him, my brother was arrested.
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?
We await thee.
We await you.
Tom gave his son a sparrow for Christmas.
The children are in need of you.
Who will commemorate me when I die?
Who will commemorate me when I'm dead?
It's one of the things that I like about you.
That's one of the things that I like about Tom.
Wherever you go, I will go too.
We will have lunch together at twelve-thirty.
Tom was the best friend I've ever known, but he also disappointed me.
The children need you.
I am drinking his beer.
A child needs a mother.
As Tom and John walked off the basketball court, Tom turned to John and said, "Good game."
If you think about, everyone is already a statistic.
It could always be worse.
Are you able to play organ?
He aimed, but missed.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
I'm from Saudi Arabia.
How tall do most palm trees grow?
Fuckin' slow-ass computer. Fuck this! I ain't doin' shit anymore.
Holy crap, you're pissed off!
It would be better to agree to the terms.
I don't want to marry a stupid man!
I'm sorry, Tom, but seeing how much you've dissapointed me, I'm afraid that I am unable to believe in your abilities.
Why don't you just piss off?
Oh Mary, I think that your boyfriend's here!
Every night, we all gaze up at the magnificent starry sky above us thinking about the vastness and the expanse of space... it really is quite a bit to take in.
Instead of whispering it quietly, why don't you say it to my face!
When I say that those girls are Chinese, they're Chinese.
What in the world are they saying?!
Am I seriously the only one who isn't bilingual here?
Did you not know that?
You'd better eat!
I tried to draw a stick figure, but I failed when I started to draw the circle. It looked like a loop-sided oval.
It would be better if you would eat more.
You'd better eat something.
There is absolutely no reason that you should even attempt to speak with the Chinese girls, or at least these ones. They're so rude!
Alrighty kids! So for this art project, all of you guys will split into groups of - people.
We'll be going outside to observe nature for this. Thus, a good pencil, eraser, and possibly a paint brush are required.
Okay! Does everyone understand?
The students went all over the classroom looking for their friends and buddies, unfortunately to the point at which Junior couldn't find anyone!
I'm living the dream.
Everyone here already seems to be with a partner... what am I going to do?
We're sorry, Ami, but you can't be part of our group because it would... you know... exceed the 5-people-per-group limit.
Don't worry, I'm sure that I can find someone else!
She again told tales out of school.
Did you bring them?
Why did you bring them?
Is a common European identity possible?
Courage is a strange thing: One can never be sure of it.
In life, you gain and lose things, but also can't force things to happen.
Being at least bilingual is a must in today's world.
"I'm going to count up slowly to three, Mary, and you'll wake up." "I'm already awake, Mister Kant."
This store has lots of great gifts.
Junior, why don't we go into a group together?
I'm sure that it'll be fun!
Well... the teacher said that we have to go into a group of 3-people, so this isn't going to work.
Um... can we join your group?
This deal is mine, so you need to just settle down and agree with me.
No! Absolutely not!
If not now, when?
Bro, what's your last name?
Don't get angry at me!
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.
Who is your favourite director?
Don't worry about what he said.
Christmas gingerbread, also called honey cake, is a traditional German dessert.
This restaurant is particular about cutlery.
Everyone's used to calling Shanghai "Módū" and calling Beijing "Dìdū".
Alaska is a U.S. state.
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply, he will never show his love to her, but merely keep it in his heart.
You should not be rude towards beauties and you should not waste good wine. You must keep these two things in mind in the future.
Personal privacy is a joke.
This newspaper is well known in the local area.
Do you have deep sea phobia?
This person's worldview is officially unhealthy.
If the Earth went into an Ice Age next month, how would you prepare?
I hear that the network is very popular now.
How frustrated must a person be to commit suicide?
What a pity that there are more foolish people than smart ones.
Is it more idiomatic if I say it like this?
Nothing can keep me from yearning for freedom.
The first time feels like a sunny day.
There are many people living near us.
I was like that too, when I was younger.
Tom can't sleep without a light on.
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
With the increase of cars, the air pollution has gotten worse.
It's too late to apologize.
I don't know how to say this in Japanese.
There are so many example sentences using "Tom" and "Mike". It's very strange.
This is a nice place, but I don't want to live here.
I never hide things from you.
He is too young to undertake this work.
The Old Testament forbids eating shellfish.
You chose this job yourself, right?
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
Goodbye, Ian.
He is an honest person, and he will always be lied to.
Is Tom illiterate?
You don't have to apologize, Tom.
You don't need to apologize, Tom.
Whose is this car?
I'd like to build an eco-friendly house.
One must consider the facts before the decision.
There were once a man and a woman who had long in vain wished for a child.
Rapunzel grew into the most beautiful child beneath the sun.
When Rapunzel was twelve years old, the enchantress shut her into a tower, which lay in a forest, and had neither stairs nor door, but quite at the top was a little window.
Rapunzel had magnificent long hair, fine as spun gold, and when she heard the voice of the enchantress she unfastened her braided tresses, wound them round one of the hooks of the window above, and then the hair fell twenty ells down, and the enchantress climbed up by it.
Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down thy hair to me.
After a year or two, it came to pass that the King's son rode through the forest and went by the tower. Then he heard a song, which was so charming that he stood still and listened. This was Rapunzel, who in her solitude passed her time in letting her sweet voice resound.
The King's son wanted to climb up to her, and looked for the door of the tower, but none was to be found.
I will willingly go away with thee, but I do not know how to get down. Bring with thee a skein of silk every time that thou comest, and I will weave a ladder with it, and when that is ready I will descend, and thou wilt take me on thy horse.
The enchantress clutched Rapunzel's beautiful tresses, wrapped them twice round her left hand, seized a pair of scissors with the right, and snip, snap, they were cut off, and the lovely braids lay on the ground.
The King's son ascended, but he did not find his dearest Rapunzel above, but the enchantress, who gazed at him with wicked and venomous looks.
Thou wouldst fetch thy dearest, but the beautiful bird sits no longer singing in the nest; the cat has got it, and will scratch out thy eyes as well. Rapunzel is lost to thee; thou wilt never see her more.
The King's son was beside himself with pain, and in his despair he leapt down from the tower. He escaped with his life, but the thorns into which he fell, pierced his eyes. Then he wandered quite blind about the forest, ate nothing but roots and berries, and did nothing but lament and weep over the loss of his dearest wife.
Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them as before. He led her to his kingdom where he was joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.
Since our mother died we have had no happiness; our step-mother beats us every day, and if we come near her she kicks us away with her foot. Our meals are the hard crusts of bread that are left over; and the little dog under the table is better off, for she often throws it a nice bit. May Heaven pity us. If our mother only knew!
In the evening they came to a large forest, and they were so weary with sorrow and hunger and the long walk, that they lay down in a hollow tree and fell asleep.
The next day when they awoke, the sun was already high in the sky.
Will you go with me to my palace and be my dear wife?
The King took the lovely maiden upon his horse and carried her to his palace, where the wedding was held with great pomp.
When she heard that they were so happy, and so well off, envy and hatred rose in her heart and left her no peace, and she thought of nothing but how she could bring them again to misfortune.
As time went on, the Queen had a pretty little boy, and it happened that the King was out hunting; so the old witch took the form of the chamber-maid, went into the room where the Queen lay, and said to her, "Come, the bath is ready; it will do you good, and give you fresh strength; make haste before it gets cold."
The witch and her daughter carried the weakly Queen into the bath-room, and put her into the bath; then they shut the door and ran away. But in the bath-room they had made a fire of such deadly heat that the beautiful young Queen was soon suffocated.
The King went away, and did not find out that a false Queen was lying in the bed.
Then the King could not restrain himself; he sprang towards her, and said, "You can be none other than my dear wife." She answered, "Yes, I am your dear wife," and at the same moment she received life again, and by God's grace became fresh, rosy, and full of health.
Then she told the King the evil deed which the wicked witch and her daughter had been guilty of towards her. The King ordered both to be led before the judge, and judgment was delivered against them. The daughter was taken into the forest where she was torn to pieces by wild beasts, but the witch was cast into the fire and miserably burnt.
It is now the time when the nuts are ripe, so let us go to the hill together and for once eat our fill before the squirrel takes them all away.
There were once on a time a king and a queen who lived happily together and had twelve children, but they were all boys.
Then the King said to his wife, "If the thirteenth child which thou art about to bring into the world, is a girl, the twelve boys shall die, in order that her possessions may be great, and that the kingdom may fall to her alone."
Dear mother, why art thou so sad?
The little daughter which their mother the Queen had given birth to, was now grown up; she was good of heart, and fair of face, and had a golden star on her forehead.
From whence comest thou, and whither art thou bound?
Where do you come from and where are you going?
I am a king's daughter, and am seeking my twelve brothers, and I will walk as far as the sky is blue until I find them.
Then Benjamin saw that she was his sister, and said, "I am Benjamin, thy youngest brother." And she began to weep for joy, and Benjamin wept also, and they kissed and embraced each other with the greatest love.
She sought for the wood for cooking and herbs for vegetables, and put the pans on the fire so that the dinner was always ready when the eleven came. She likewise kept order in the little house, and put beautifully white clean coverings on the little beds, and the brothers were always contented and lived in great harmony with her.
My child, what hast thou done?
When they had lived happily together for a few years, the King's mother, who was a wicked woman, began to slander the young Queen, and said to the King, "This is a common beggar girl whom thou hast brought back with thee. Who knows what impious tricks she practises secretly!"
At first the King would not believe it, but the old woman urged this so long, and accused her of so many evil things, that at last the King let himself be persuaded and sentenced her to death.
A great fire was lighted in the courtyard in which she was to be burnt, and the King stood above at the window and looked on with tearful eyes, because he still loved her so much.
The King rejoiced when he heard that she was innocent, and they all lived in great unity until their death.
The wicked step-mother was taken before the judge, and put into a barrel filled with boiling oil and venomous snakes, and died an evil death.
Whoso wishes to touch him let him beware, for he will have to do with me!
Once on a time there was a king who had an only daughter.
Once on a time there was a king who had an only daughter. He was so proud and so fond of her, that he was in constant terror that something would happen to her if she went outside the palace, and thus, owing to his great love for her, he forced her to lead the life of a prisoner, shut up within her own rooms.
The princess did not like this at all, and one day she complained about it very bitterly to her nurse.
The nurse was a witch, though the king did not know it.
Your father loves you very dearly, as you know. Whatever you were to ask from him he would give you. The one thing he will not grant you is permission to leave the palace.
The princess next put on the bear's skin, which so completely changed her appearance, that no one could have known that she was a girl and not a bear.
Now it happened that the prince of that country was hunting with his dogs in the forest.
'Call off your dogs, or they will kill me. What harm have I ever done to you?' At these words, coming from a bear, the prince was so startled that for a moment he stood stock-still.
You may imagine the surprise of the prince's mother when she saw her son return accompanied by a bear, who at once set about doing the house-work better than any servant that the queen had ever seen.
Let me come to the ball; I, too, would like to dance.
But the only answer the prince made was to give the bear a kick, and to drive it out of the room.
The kind-hearted queen could not refuse her.
Then the bear ran to her wheelbarrow, threw off her bear's skin, and touched it with the magic wand that the witch had given her. In a moment the skin was changed into an exquisite ball dress woven out of moon-beams, and the wheel-barrow was changed into a carriage drawn by two prancing steeds.
Stepping into the carriage the princess drove to the grand entrance of the palace.
When she entered the ball-room, in her wondrous dress of moon-beams, she looked so lovely, so different from all the other guests, that everyone wondered who she was, and no one could tell where she had come from.
From the moment he saw her, the prince fell desperately in love with her, and all the evening he would dance with no one else but the beautiful stranger.
When the ball was over, the princess drove away in her carriage at full speed, for she wished to get home in time to change her ball dress into the bear's skin, and the carriage into the wheel-barrow, before anyone discovered who she was.
I do not know what is to become of me; I think I shall go mad, I am so much in love with that girl, and I have no means of finding out who she is.
And the bear's skin dropped off, and the beautiful girl stood before him, in the dress woven out of the star-light, and he saw that she was the stranger with whom he had fallen so deeply in love. And now she appeared to him a thousand times more beautiful than ever.
So they were married, and lived happily for many years, and reigned wisely over their kingdom.
This is a very exciting discovery.
Astronomers announced that they had discovered a ninth planet in our Solar System.
I have been thinking about you.
I don't understand this obsession of yours.
Tom is a compulsive cleaner.
Mary ate a grilled chicken salad.
I need to get cracking.
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
According to a study published in 2016, Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country.
Mary was devastated.
Mary hid behind her large sunglasses.
Let's get some food. You look like you're about to pass out.
She's combing her hair.
Who could have spread that rumor?
Would you like to sit at the counter?
Who's been keeping count?
What Tom did wasn't all that creative.
What precautions should be taken?
What kind of tattoo do you want?
What kind of tattoo do you want to get?
What does your insurance cover?
What does this report cover?
We're counting on you, Tom.
We shouldn't take it lightly.
We shouldn't lose our cool.
We should think about this carefully before we do anything.
We should all work together.
We probably shouldn't talk here.
We never should've done that.
We need to let our students be more creative.
We certainly should've won.
We can't count on that happening.
Try to be more creative.
Tom told me I shouldn't do this.
Tom should've won the race.
Tom should've stayed home.
Tom should've gone home earlier.
Tom should've been fired months ago.
Tom should've been at the meeting.
Tom should think about it.
Tom should never have done that.
Tom should like it here.
Tom should let Mary know that he likes her.
Tom should know what to do.
Tom should know this already.
Tom should know that already.
Tom should go with Mary.
Tom should go to prison.
Tom should get the job.
Tom should get a bonus.
Tom should be left alone.
Tom should be fired, too.
Tom seldom speaks unless he's spoken to.
Tom often comes to see me.
Tom isn't my boyfriend. He's my brother.
Tom is in a fairly bad mood now.
Tom has been teaching creative writing for the past three years.
Tom died in the crash.
Tom didn't crack any jokes.
Tom created this.
Tom crashed Mary's party.
Tom can't be counted out.
This was created by Tom.
This shouldn't surprise anyone.
This should've never happened.
This should surprise no one.
This should be really interesting.
This should be a no-brainer.
The way we tried to solve the problem didn't work.
The party should be a lot of fun.
The crash at the intersection in front of the post office killed three people.
The ballots are being counted.
That shouldn't happen at all.
That should've never happened.
That should tell us something.
Someone should look into this.
Shouldn't we offer to help?
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?
People should get more involved.
People are counting on us.
Our kid can't even crawl yet.
No one should've been surprised.
No one should be surprised.
Maybe you shouldn't tempt fate.
Maybe we should try harder.
Maybe we should switch jobs.
Maybe we should get started.
Let's sit at the counter.
Let's hope this never happens again.
It shouldn't matter either way.
It should be fairly obvious.
I've always been creative.
I wish I had said that.
I wish I could speak French as fluently as you.
I wish I could speak French as fluently as you do.
I was a creative kid.
I think we shouldn't get involved.
I think Tom should be fired.
I should've thought of that.
I should've kept the guitar that Tom gave me.
I should've been more courteous.
I hurt my shoulder.
I don't think we should get involved.
I don't think that counts.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven.
I actually thought it might be impossible.
How should I handle it?
Food shouldn't look like this.
Don't count Tom out yet.
Do you think we should raise prices?
Do you think Tom should be fired?
Do you think I should throw this away?
Countless lives have been lost.
Count me in on this.
Could you please crack open a window?
Can Tom be counted upon?
Both Tom and Mary covered their mouths.
We didn't get dressed.
He didn't even say good-bye.
Tom didn't even say good-bye.
At what time do you eat supper?
What time do you eat supper?
Tom didn't even get to say goodbye.
Now this is really creepy.
Everyone here creeps me out.
This place is downright creepy.
Something creepy has been happening.
Some people criticized our decision.
That never crossed my mind.
It didn't cross my mind.
Your name has been crossed off the list.
Tom can't cross the border.
That thought crossed my mind.
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.
We kept our fingers crossed.
We're keeping our fingers crossed.
I have to go home and do my homework.
An ICANN domain signifies an IP address to a DNS server.
"What's your phone number?" "It's 1234-5678."
"May I have your phone number?" "Yes! It's 1234-5678."
He travelled to many countries by means of Esperanto.
I stayed over yesterday at my friend.
I stayed over at a friend's yesterday.
"Nice to meet you!" "Nice to meet you too!"
When do you have to go to bed?
When does his plane take off?
The coolness of summer nights is stored in massive wood walls. Thus the interior temperature of the house is maintained at a pleasant level even on hot days.
He died five years earlier.
This was a state-sponsored criminal act.
What do I like to do?
She is at home.
It may be our only hope.
The coaches shook hands after the game.
Protect the environment!
I have the impression it rained all day.
Tom doesn't have enough money to travel.
Tom doesn't have any friends to talk to.
Tom doesn't carry much with him when he travels.
Tom didn't tell me how much the gift for Mary cost.
Tom didn't start to play the piano until he was thirty.
Tom didn't seem to understand what you were saying.
Tom didn't know what to do with the extra food.
Tom didn't know what he'd be allowed to do.
These days, people rarely wear patches on their elbows and knees.
I'm the one in charge.
Astronomers claim they have discovered the ninth planet of the Solar System.
I don't understand. Could you please repeat that?
Despite being a model, she looks rather ugly.
We need additional talented people.
Tom doesn't hate people, he's just asocial.
That was not a laughing matter.
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.
A parrot was perched on the captain's shoulder.
You've deceived me before.
What you did for me meant a lot to me.
We're dealing with that right now.
We want you to dance for us.
We haven't decided yet.
Was there any damage?
Tom's willing to help us.
Tom's truck was slightly damaged.
Tom seems to be trying not to cry.
Tom says he wants to walk home.
Tom says he actually enjoys dancing.
Tom needs to be dealt with.
Tom is the defending champion.
Tom is a crybaby.
Tom has never been defeated.
Tom has decided to stay behind.
Tom has decided to go to Boston by himself.
Tom has decided to give up.
Tom has decided to do that.
Tom has decided not to wait.
Tom has been dealt with.
Tom declined to say more.
Tom declined to provide details.
Tom declined to offer specifics.
Tom declined to give details.
Tom declined to comment further.
Tom decided to run away.
Tom decided to help Mary.
Tom decided to do something.
Tom decided not to wait.
Tom and Mary met at a dance.
Three cyclists were slightly injured.
This is a terrible deal.
This car handles curves well.
These are questions worth discussing.
These are questions worth debating.
There's room for debate.
There's hardly any food in the kitchen.
There will be other deals.
There was no structural damage.
There was no reported damage.
There was no damage reported.
The debate has been postponed.
The courts will decide that.
That's still up for debate.
That's a very tough deal.
That's a pretty terrible deal.
That's a pretty big deal.
That meant a great deal to me.
Thanks for defending my honor.
Thank you for your dedication.
Tell me why you're crying.
No vital organs were damaged.
No serious damage has been reported.
Maybe they can help us find a cure.
Maybe I accidentally damaged it.
Let's dance together.
Let Tom decide for himself.
It's really no big deal.
It's a pretty good deal.
It's a pretty big deal.
It was a reasonable deal.
It was a great debate.
It looks like Tom might cry.
Is it possible to cry underwater?
Is it a big deal?
I've decided to stay for another night.
I've cut out junk food.
I've cried a lot.
I've been crying all morning.
I've already dealt with that problem.
I'm undecided at this point.
I'm still undefeated.
I won't be defeated.
I will not be defeated.
I still haven't decided yet.
I love dealing with professionals.
I just sat there and cried.
I have to defend myself.
I don't like it when you cry.
I cried my eyes out.
I can deal with anything.
Hasn't Tom done enough damage already?
Hasn't Tom done enough already?
Everyone started crying again.
Everybody deals with grief differently.
Don't cut that wire.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Could you hear Tom crying?
Can you help me decide what to do?
Can you dance to this song?
Can I be your friend?
I told you this was going to happen.
There's something we don't have enough of.
His ideas are rarely practical.
Her ideas are rarely practical.
Your ideas are rarely practical.
Whenever an accident happens, the first thing the doctors look for is a bracelet, a necklace, or some accessory that can provide some information about the patient.
He fulfilled his obligation.
Do you eat at home or do you eat out?
Use a rake and rake up the leaves in the yard.
In May of 1865, Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentina signed the Triple Alliance Treaty that set the objectives of the war and conditions for surrender that they would impose upon Paraguay.
You can't move as fast as Mary.
Monsanto has 86% of the world market share of genetically altered seeds.
Monsanto controls 27% of the world seed market.
Can you pay cash?
Your story is sad.
I'm a bank employee.
I can't stand being looked at like that.
I swam.
Hmm!! This is good!
"Tom is crying." "I know."
The womb has no ears.
You don't have to buy me anything.
I have always studied the Romance languages, but I also hope to study a Germanic language. German, perhaps.
This area isn't open to the public.
They both wanted to marry the King’s daughter.
"I shall win the king's daughter!" they both cried.
I will not give you a horse.
Their old father gave each of them a fine horse.
"Well," said Blockhead-Hans, "if I can’t have a horse, I will take the goat which is mine; it can carry me!" And he did so.
"Just look what I found on the road!"—and he showed them a dead crow which he had picked up. "Blockhead!" said his brothers, "what are you going to do with it?" "With the crow? I shall give it to the Princess!"
Now Blockhead-Hans came in; he rode his goat right into the hall.
There were once a Scotsman and an Englishman and an Irishman serving in the army together, who took it into their heads to run away on the first opportunity they could get.
They went on travelling for two days through a great forest, without food or drink, and without coming across a single house, and every night they had to climb up into the trees through fear of the wild beasts that were in the wood.
On the second morning, the Scotsman saw from the top of his tree a great castle far away.
Both Tom and John wanted to take Mary to the dance.
That doesn't really matter.
Does Tom really deserve to be punished?
Tom is just getting what he deserves.
I think everybody deserves credit.
Tom is getting what he deserves.
Tom deserves everything he gets.
Tom and Mary deserve each other.
I think you deserve some credit.
You deserve everything you get.
Tom doesn't deserve to be punished.
Tom doesn't deserve punishment.
We're getting what we deserve.
They deserve to be remembered.
Tom deserves the same chance.
Tom deserves a second chance.
It's Tom who deserves credit.
Do they deserve our sympathy?
We deserve better than that.
Tom deserved more than that.
Tom and Mary deserve better.
The public deserves to know.
You idiots deserve to lose.
Tom deserves to be captain.
They get what they deserve.
They deserve what they get.
Our fans deserve our best.
You deserved what you got.
We didn't deserve to win.
I'm sure you deserved it.
You deserve a long rest.
We all deserve a chance.
Tom deserves to be free.
They all deserve to die.
Does Tom deserve to die?
Tom deserves all of it.
They deserve the truth.
I think we deserved it.
I think I deserve that.
We don't deserve this.
We deserve to be here.
We all deserve to go.
We deserve better.
Walk around the park five times.
I've bought a gift for Tom.
Chicago is often called "the Windy City".
Japan is a group of islands with many mountains and almost no forests.
I'm sure that it'll be fun.
We're still doing well.
Where are the books?
Semisolid snow that will barely hold a person, coarse snow with a hard, rugged crust and light, fluffy lying snow. There are Sami words for these and hundreds more types of snow.
Democracy works when the decision about the evening menu is made by two wolves and a lamb.
Kangaroos have two small forepaws and two large, strong hind paws.
I tried to tell her, but she refused to listen.
I tried to tell Tom, but he refused to listen.
They get money for it.
You still owe me one.
Tom didn't even look at the report that Mary handed him.
Tom did everything he could do for Mary.
Tom is intellectually gifted.
Tom had to pawn his guitar in order to pay his bills.
Tom had to pawn his guitar so he could pay his bills.
Tom had to stand in line for three hours.
Tom has come.
Tom has completely recovered and can go back to work.
When I arrived, Tom was already drunk.
It snowed all night.
When I woke up, there were four inches of snow on the ground.
Tom put on his snowshoes.
Tom's house was completely covered in snow.
The roofs were covered with snow.
The slopes of the mountain and the trees were all covered in snow.
A state of emergency has been declared in Washington DC and five states.
Tom and his friends built a snow fort.
Tom's boots sank deep into the snow.
Tom's boots sank into the deep snow.
Tom looked at the snowflakes falling from the sky.
Tom had bruises all over his body after the fight.
Tom got to school very late this morning.
Tom got married when he was thirty years old.
Tom got killed in an automobile accident.
Tom goes to the library three times a week.
Tom gets along very well with his classmates.
Tom doesn't yet know that Mary will be at his birthday party.
Tom doesn't think there is any life on Mars.
Tom doesn't study much, but he still does very well at school.
Tom doesn't seem to want to study today.
Tom doesn't look like either of his parents.
Tom doesn't like spinach, so he didn't eat any.
Tom doesn't have the necessary skills for that job.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a car.
Tom doesn't get along with anybody at work.
Tom does nothing but watch TV all day long.
Tom dislocated his collarbone while playing football.
Tom didn't see anyone else at the station.
Tom didn't remember whether the room was empty or not.
Tom didn't remember where he'd put his pen.
Tom didn't help us like he said he would.
The snow was very deep.
Tom looked out of the window at the snow falling.
Tom looked at the snowflakes falling.
Tom looked at the snow falling.
Tom made an angel in the snow.
Mary made an angel in the snow.
Tom caught a snowflake on his tongue.
Snow is white.
Tom looked at the snow falling inside the snow globe.
Mary threw a snowball at Tom.
The snow was soft and fluffy.
Let's go outside and play in the snow!
Let's go outside and play in the snow.
The streets were covered in snow.
There may be more delays.
Let's delay this decision until tomorrow.
I'm delighted about that.
It was a delightful evening.
We're delighted with the result.
Was the message delivered?
Tom can deliver the message.
Tom will deliver the message.
Tom delivered the introductory speech.
We do very demanding work.
This job is very demanding.
All our demands have been met.
It's a very demanding profession.
That sounds like a reasonable demand.
I demand punctuality.
A free demo is available.
We demonstrated peacefully.
Tom has denied any guilt.
Nobody here is denying that.
Tom denied writing the letter.
Tom denied that that happened.
Tom has denied any wrongdoing.
Tom has denied using steroids.
Tom denied taking Mary's money.
Tom has repeatedly denied wrongdoing.
It all depends on Tom.
It depends how I feel.
It depends on my mood.
Your life depends on it.
It depends on many things.
You can't depend upon that.
People are depending on you.
Tom and Mary depended on one another.
Whether or not we play an encore depends on the audience.
I'm really depressed.
Tom is too depressed to work.
Depression is an awful thing.
Depression can lead to suicide.
Tom doesn't often get depressed.
Everyone seemed a bit depressed.
Tom is suffering from depression.
It's hard to even describe.
The park was deserted.
The place is almost deserted.
Have your friends deserted you?
The whole building was deserted.
The place is apparently deserted.
A 94-year-old man had a heart attack while shoveling snow outside his house.
The snowplow cleared the snow from the street.
Is this wine good?
Antibiotics can't destroy viruses.
Many people think that this house is haunted.
Antibiotics can't kill viruses.
Cats almost always land on their feet.
This is a real steal.
What size are you looking for?
I don't know what size shirt I should buy.
What's your waist size?
The earthborn aren't accustomed to the lighter gravity on Mars.
How can we spread Esperanto?
I studied medicine in Budapest.
The whole body hurts me!
Esperanto is my favorite language.
Who would spread such ideas?
They're too self-absorbed to see how much work they're creating for their parents.
The band released an album of tributes to the groups that had influenced their sound.
Getting drunk won't make things better.
Every snowflake is unique.
The road is slippery.
The road is icy.
This truck puts salt on the road to melt the ice.
Salt is effective down to temperatures of about −°C.
Salt is effective down to temperatures of about °F.
A man was killed by a falling icicle.
In 2010, five people died and were injured by falling icicles in St Petersburg, Russia.
Tom slipped on black ice.
The car slipped on black ice and struck a power pole.
Shoveling snow is hard work.
The first snowplows were drawn by horses.
Tom brushed the snow off his clothes.
The icy blast of wind pierced me to the marrow.
Tom closed his eyes for a few seconds.
Tom and Mary went on a horse-drawn sleigh ride.
Tom and Mary went dog-sledding.
I would love to see the Northern Lights.
Your death will be slow and painful.
Do you mind if I have a look?
Do you mind if we have a look?
Do you mind if we have a look around?
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
This motion picture is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries throughout the world.
Any unauthorized exhibition, distribution, or copying of this film or any part thereof may result in civil liability and criminal prosecution.
The story, all names, characters, and incidents portrayed in this production are fictitious. No identification with actual persons, places, buildings, and products is intended or should be inferred.
That was an exciting game.
Will they be able to come tomorrow?
I don't see your name here.
You said to me that you drink almost nothing.
I would like my name to be Tom.
Every day is a new day.
Tom treats everything like a game.
Tom bought a medieval shirt on Etsy.
The Earth is under attack by alien invaders.
The snowstorm left more than inches of snow on the ground.
You're getting good at this.
You're getting quite good at this.
Do you think they followed us?
Do you think they followed us here?
When is Mom coming home?
When is Tom coming home?
When is Daddy coming home?
There's nothing physically wrong with you.
This game is very entertaining.
This game is very fun.
Tom joined his friends at the table.
Tom did exactly as he was told.
There are a lot of languages similar to Castilian.
The Romans spoke Latin.
If you had asked me, I would have told you.
I've spent a lot of time thinking about this.
If you had known, you would have told me, wouldn't you?
If you knew, you would tell me, wouldn't you?
She eats fruit.
We must always follow the rules.
I know nothing about the occasion.
Many esperantists live in Hungary.
Many Esperanto speakers live in Hungary.
Is there a space in your sleeping bag?
There was a lot at stake.
Much was riding on the outcome.
Much is riding on the outcome.
Kind words are always effective.
If you no longer believe what comes from She-who-must-be-obeyed, what will you believe?
If you no longer believe what comes from Supreme Army Command, what will you believe?
We offer a purely Catholic Dating for Catholic Singles, feature-rich. So is your Catholic Dating.
My name is Mohamed.
I will read the book.
Winston was an earthborn, but he emigrated to the Martian colony Barsoom in his teenage years.
The Titanic was believed to be practically unsinkable.
The R.M.S. Titanic was divided into watertight compartments.
The RMS Lusitania was sunk by a German U-boat in 1915.
Only of the ship's 1,passengers and crew survived.
The sinking of the RMS Lusitania caused an international outcry.
I put apple slices into some of the doughnuts before I deep-fried them.
Intensive communication between teacher and student is the key to effective teaching.
Sell your shares now before it’s too late.
This hotel has free Wi-Fi.
Tom has a facility for acquiring foreign languages.
They are playing soccer somewhere.
Is mail delivered on Sunday?
Belief can move mountains.
Feast your eyes on this.
I won't bother you again, I promise.
Can't I get any privacy around here?
Tom is a well-rounded individual.
Tom is a well-rounded person.
There are many different types of cookies.
Mary made some star-shaped gingerbread cookies using a star-shaped cookie cutter.
This is my favorite gingerbread cookie recipe.
That's not what I came here for.
Leave me alone. I know what I'm doing.
I'll pick you up at seven.
I don't want to die here!
What is driving her?
What is driving them?
Thanks, but I'm not interested.
He was just trying to be friendly.
I think that they were just trying to be friendly.
She was just trying to be friendly.
Tom did not want to admit it.
He did not want to admit it.
She did not want to admit it.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was the one who had broken the window.
Before electricity was discovered, Christmas trees used to be lit by candles.
My back is hurting again.
Tom leaned back in his swivel chair.
I hate Christmas.
The whole town was covered in snow.
Finland is a Nordic country.
Norway is a Nordic country.
Sweden is a Nordic country.
Canada is a Nordic country.
Russia is a Nordic country.
The Sami people live in Lapland.
The Shetland Islands are part of the United Kingdom.
It's Christmas Eve tomorrow.
Scotland is part of the United Kingdom.
Tom asked me out for dinner and I said yes.
I have to take this.
We're not scaredy-cats.
Let's show that we can solve these problems.
Did you hear the alarm signal?
I've know him forever.
I've known her forever.
I feel like I've known her forever.
I feel like I've known him forever.
I ask for patience.
If you can't help me, at least let me work.
Please don't misunderstand that.
Mary is putting on makeup.
May I ask what you're intending to do?
Maria tried to kill herself with sleeping pills.
If you would search for my small village on the world map, you would not find it.
Where are you going, boy?
Do you enjoy walking barefoot on the sand?
Unfortunately this book is difficult to find.
Why could you not come yesterday?
May I know where you were yesterday?
He opened the mussels with a knife.
My Grandmother has a weak heart.
Close the door before you go.
My camera's display is defective.
Good night and sweet dreams!
In my garden is a lemon tree.
He may not drive a vehicle.
Are there fireflies in your garden?
My son does not follow me.
On the table there's a plate, a fork, and a knife.
Please buy me a few carrots.
The price of crude oil is sinking.
The oil price is falling.
She figured we had all gone insane.
A person who hates creates his own hell, but a person who loves has heaven within.
I can trust in him.
We were beaten.
The map's legend shows what each symbol stands for.
They want them back.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
They never forget to send their mother a gift on her birthday.
Flatterers are the Devil's nurses.
After I had planned everything I went on a trip.
Embrace your weirdness.
He wants to be taken for a rockstar.
He's running wild.
I enjoyed her unexpected visit.
You are working in Milan.
Apparently, I have a fever.
Do not forget to affix the stamp to the envelope.
Sam has a fish store.
My back hurts all the time.
All people are born with the same rights.
He's studying English.
He's learning English.
I don't touch them.
The verb "to eat" is my favorite verb in all the languages.
I have a rule not to show my collection of handcuffs and whips on the first date.
Goethe's last words were not "more light!" but what he had in mind was to say "Mer licht hier net guud." In Hessian this means "it isn't very suitable in here."
This sentence actually comes from Spanish.
They want her back.
They want him back.
"I fell in love with you, not Maria." - "Why have you not let me feel that?"
This is the little we know.
This is the little I know.
Forty percent of food in the United States is wasted.
Food is the largest source of garbage in landfills.
This house has a green roof.
Exoplanets are planets that orbit other stars than the Sun.
This planet orbits two stars.
Rainforests are one of the Earth's greatest biological treasures.
There are three types of people who are unlucky: those who don't know but don't ask, those who know but don't teach, and those who teach but don't act.
I haven't eaten anything but bread and butter.
This refrigerator has an integrated ice and water dispenser.
The SWAT team broke down the front door with a battering ram.
Food processors are convenient for slicing vegetables.
Mandolines are convenient for slicing vegetables.
There's a shag carpet in the living room.
It's cold. I want to hibernate.
I speak French fluently.
Are you okay? Are you stressed?
In Haiti, he is an ambassador.
Today is the last day, what are you going to do?
"How was the test?" "I thought it wasn't too hard."
I've always wanted to adopt a puppy.
There's something floating in my water.
I have so many devices on my desk that it makes me feel like a secret agent.
My boyfriend freaks out a lot of the time, but overall he's a good guy.
It's not that I want to have a girlfriend, I just want to be in love.
It's not that I want a girlfriend, I just want to be in love.
I hate driving to work when it's raining.
Everyone's against somebody in war.
Do you speak Japanese fluently?
Why don't we exchange LINE [info]?
I am eating bread.
They are eating bread.
What is the English for "Saigen"?
Shall I cut the onion?
Why don't we trade LINEs?
Remember to put the chairs onto the tables after the lesson.
"How was the test?" "It wasn't as hard as I thought it would be."
"How was the test?" "It wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be."
I don't have an account for euros.
I did not intend to say that.
He definitely wants to get married in a church.
Rabbits have many offspring.
Rabbits have a lot of offspring.
Do not drink so much!
I won't be your friend if you go to England.
He always eats breakfast here.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
The handle of the cup has broken off.
The customer is responsible for bank transfer processing fees. We thank you for your understanding.
Difficult problems require imaginative solutions.
It's been a while since we've spoken seriously.
There haven't been many movies like this recently.
Helen Keller was blind and deaf.
It's no problem, really.
Evil is everywhere.
Why on earth are you so kind?
The Revolution is not an apple that falls from the tree when it is ripe; you have to make it fall.
The bureaucrats are militants of paperwork.
Your story can't be true.
One should not call the devil; for then he will appear.
I can't answer why, but I can tell you how.
This dictionary isn't useful.
Nobody offered me help.
The room is perfectly suitable for this purpose.
I cannot eat peanuts because I am allergic to them.
We forgot to buy cake!
There might be delays in language development.
I died.
What do you call this plate?
I eat pineapple sherbert.
My life is a lie.
I'm living a lie.
You should know, I am in love with Mary.
When will it start?
I've learned that the hard way.
Sometimes love isn't enough.
This devastated me.
She was the one girl who actually loved me.
He was a ladies' man.
She wants someone who pays attention to her.
The two were inseparable.
You look like an angel.
They married in Boston.
We were deeply in love.
We saw that as our forever love.
I found that very odd.
I called her about thirty times.
Minutes later, police arrived at my door.
We had dinner together.
We took a shower together.
He got wrecked, girl!
I was going to check on her.
I'm just a family friend.
My, my, what an awesome game we had last night!
I was very much infatuated with that girl.
Have you seriously not heard of Christmas?
Have you been living under a rock with sound-proof walls?
I know that nothing lasts forever.
When we are young, we wander on a path, a path of exploration, a path of ebullience, a path of happiness, a path on which we believe that everything is so magical and that all will go our way; however, when we egress from our rainbow-colored shells, we realize this is only a fabrication of reality.
Oh my god! My passport's missing!
He's good at making food.
I'm afraid that I don't want to discuss this matter.
Actually, that boy that you saw was a girl.
We have been dating for only a few days.
He prepared for his death.
It's a mysterious death.
I gave up everything I held dear.
Tom's lifeless body was found in a wood.
Tom lived in a spectacularly beautiful place.
Tom predicted his own death.
I'm going to tell you why in just a few moments.
Then I woke up.
I took her back to the bed.
Tom drowned in his bathtub.
He said his wife in unconscious.
Tom was rushed to a local hospital.
Tom was an innocent victim of circumstance.
Tom was a devout Christian who believed in miracles.
Tom told Mary to marry another man.
We, the jury, find the defendant guilty of murder.
Tom was extremely devout.
It's a good thing to be religious.
Tom helped us all.
Tony jogs once or twice a year.
I don't eat fast.
Michael doesn't very often play.
The gardener very often dances.
Buddy doesn't drive carelessly.
Jennifer fights.
Do you shave every thirty minutes?
Do you always run?
Christine doesn't frequently walk.
Do you walk every other day?
Do you work from six until eight?
I don't laugh every evening.
I write every evening.
Deborah's son shaves.
Do those students very often surf?
That science teacher drives every year.
Don't you very often surf?
The police officer doesn't shout from Monday through Friday.
The managers think that it isn't exciting to eat.
It's bad to drive.
The fishermen think it isn't boring to jog.
It's dangerous to study.
Hasn't Rita's aunt prayed?
Has Abraham already sung?
Don't those news announcers very often expect to talk?
Kate's granddaughter needed to study among the trees.
The lawyers haven't needed to surf.
Having read the book, I was ready for the examination.
A favor costs nothing.
You don't see how much I love Mary, do you?
Mary doesn't know that I saved her life, right?
Don't step on that, it'll explode!
Don't step on that, it's going to explode!
What is this dish called?
Free transportation will be provided, but you are expected to pay for your own food and drinks.
You are expected to clean up your own mess yourself.
I myself am to blame for my own mistakes, no one else.
He is without a doubt rich, but I don't trust him.
Archeologists have discovered that ancient Babylonian astronomers were able to predict the motion of Jupiter across the sky.
This politician is suspected of having connections to organized crime.
No one knows how the Great Pyramid of Giza was built.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
On his way home from work, Mark spotted a flock of seagulls.
The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World are the Great Pyramid of Giza, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Temple of Artemis, the Statue of Zeus at Olympia, the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, the Colossus of Rhodes, and the Lighthouse of Alexandria.
Some believe that the Egyptian pyramids were built by ancient aliens.
I drink five cups of coffee a day.
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
The poor Irishman was now left all alone, and did not know where the others had gone to, so he just stayed where he was, very sad and miserable.
I always leave something behind at work, like a jacket, my coffee cup, or my hat.
I haven't picked up a single book this week.
I am an enchanted Princess, and my father has promised that the man who releases me from the spell shall have the third of his kingdom while he is alive, and the whole of it after he is dead, and marry me as well.
My desktop was set with a photo of some mountains by default.
I have been here for sixteen years now, and no one who ever came to the castle has asked me who I was, except yourself.
"Tell me, then," said the Irishman, "what is the spell that has been laid on you, and how you can be freed from it."
When morning dawned, the Princess came to see if he was still alive.
The Princess was freed from the spell.
The little fair-haired lad took a big pin out of his pocket, and stuck it into the back of the Irishman's coat without his noticing it, whereupon he fell sound asleep.
Before long, the Princess came with the carriage and four horses.
I put an order in, but the computer didn't recognize it.
She asked me to tell you that if you don't meet her at nine o'clock tomorrow you will never see her again.
She bade me tell you that if you don't meet her at nine o'clock tomorrow you will never see her again.
The cedar count today is really high, so I might have to call work and tell them I'm too sick to go in.
Precisely at nine o'clock came the Princess in the carriage with four horses.
My dog keeps trying to beg for carrots, but when he gets them he always spits them out.
Then he remembered what the Princess had told him.
Three years he spent travelling through forests and wildernesses, but could find no one able to tell him anything of the Princess.
At last he fell into so great despair that he thought he would put an end to his own life.
I hung up the picture of us even though I hate the smile I'm making in it.
At last he fell into so great despair that he thought he would put an end to his own life, and for this purpose laid hold of the sword that the Princess had given him; but on drawing it from its sheath he noticed that there was some writing on one side of the blade. He looked at this, and read there, "You will find me in the Blue Mountains."
I have lived here for three hundred years, and all that time I have not seen a single human being but yourself.
Arabic must be read from right to left.
I am master of all the birds in the world, and have only to blow my whistle and every one will come to me.
He died.
They are not alive.
My family is far away.
When he went up into the town all the streets were gleaming with light, and the wedding of the Princess was just about to begin.
He asked the old woman what was causing all the noise and light in the town.
"The Princess," said she, "is going to be married to-night against her will, for she has been expecting every day that the man who freed her from the spell would come."
The old woman went, and soon returned along with the Princess.
The Princess and the Irishman recognised each other, and were married, and had a great wedding that lasted for a year and a day.
It is my son.
Two and a half hours ago.
There's probably something subliminal about this album that makes me feel uncomfortable.
These tortilla chips are stale.
My mom always buys a bag of tortilla chips with a jar of salsa.
There are always tortilla chips left over when we finish the salsa.
I looked for a place to stay.
The plural of cactus is cacti.
Don't disappoint yourself!
It is a joke.
Thank you for your thorough explanation.
I earn euros a day.
That is not why I am here.
My nose is really stuffed, so I can't smell anything coming from the kitchen.
Tom did not wear socks.
Tom was not wearing socks.
May I shake your hand?
May I bring my friends?
Thank you for your detailed explanation.
Can you make a copy for me?
Did you read everything?
Me!
You all did what you could.
You are always too late.
You are not my cousin.
I don't see anything put on reserve for a Martinez.
The event starts at 7:00, but I would suggest arriving an hour and a half early to reserve a good seat.
They went on travelling for two days through a great forest, without food or drink, and without coming across a single house, and every night they had to climb up into the trees for fear of the wild beasts that were in the wood.
It's obvious he's a half-wit, just looking at him.
This disorderliness is inexcusable.
To make a mattress for camping, we stuffed a sack with straw.
She arranged to meet him at the coffee shop.
You're really condescending.
Mrs. Liu visited me last week, and today I will return her visit.
Tom designed it.
It was designed by Tom.
It's a design flaw.
This is an ugly design.
This is a stupid design.
My job is designing shoes.
I really liked Tom's design.
The design itself is flawed.
Who designed these uniforms?
It wasn't designed for that purpose.
Tom was the one who designed these costumes.
Thousands of homes were destroyed.
Thousands of homes were destroyed by the flood.
I drink three or four cups of coffee a day.
Tom was clearly interested in Mary. He was not the only one.
Mary was clearly interested in Tom. She was not the only one.
Tom is stuck in traffic.
Just look at her, she looks like a disaster!
I didn't understand half of what he was saying.
I didn't understand half of what she was saying.
Good god, there's simply not a way there!
I'll go if it's fun.
Who are you calling stupid?!
No one should have to do that.
No one should ever have to do that.
Try new or difficult things, be adventurous.
Paid maternity leave is a benefit available in almost all countries, except the United States.
Tom is a freak of nature.
Tom has written an extremely detailed report about this.
No details were immediately available.
Details weren't immediately available.
No financial details were disclosed.
Further details are presented below.
For more details, visit our website.
Tom skipped many important details.
Tom didn't provide further details.
Details are still being finalized.
No further details were available.
Tom wrote a very detailed report.
These details won't be published.
Tom provided no further details.
Tom didn't have further details.
Tom didn't give further details.
The details really don't matter.
For further details, read below.
Don't quibble about the details.
Do you have a more detailed map?
Tom provided few other details.
Tom offered no further details.
Tom didn't provide any details.
Spare me the technical details.
No further details were given.
There are no further details.
Please see below for details.
Tom gave no further details.
Tom didn't get into details.
No other details were given.
No details were made public.
Don't skip over any details.
I'm not going into details.
Are there any more details?
Tom gave no other details.
Tom didn't go into detail.
I don't have any details.
We have all the details.
Tom left out no details.
I'm Armenian.
Does Tom already know?
Mom is busy working.
Mum is busy working.
It's a pleasure.
My conscience is bothering me.
Mom, I am hungry.
Mum, I am hungry.
He asked my mom.
He asked my mum.
Is breakfast included?
Don't miss the opportunity.
I should have introduced myself.
The bakery is next to the butchery.
But he is still alive?
Yours is there on the other side.
This is such a dumb idea.
That is such a dumb idea.
To secure his locker, he uses a padlock.
Actually, he is not the driver.
I'm sorry to say, but the service is not very good.
What a long cucumber.
Which sport do you like the most?
Traces of soap were found in the victim's lungs. I suppose they drowned her in the bath.
Not everything in this world is measured in money.
He who saves a life, saves the whole world.
Can you iron these clothes for me?
You are a traitor.
The footnotes are marked with an asterisk.
I don't regret arriving late.
Tom was right from the beginning.
I'm not working today.
I will call her tonight.
It happened more than a year ago.
He drinks water.
He tried to hide his shame.
She tried to hide her shame.
The spider spun her delicate web in the garden.
Bread is the simplest and oldest food in the world.
Your behaviour was disgraceful.
Your behaviour was shameful.
Your behavior was shameful.
You should always think before speaking.
They should stay.
Tom and Mary went out of their way to come to the station to see me off.
I want to live my life without stress and worries. I don't need to be rich or famous, I just want to be happy.
Maybe you don't, but I do.
Maybe you do, but I don't.
Europeans tried to civilise the tribe.
I am Armenian.
Before eating anything, you should wash your hands.
I didn't understand half of what Tom was saying.
I feel like I've known Tom forever.
I've known Tom forever.
Didn't you hear the alarm?
Tom was just trying to be friendly.
You should know that I'm in love with Mary.
That's really impressive.
There, gazing at the ceiling, as my cigar slowly gives off a bluish smoke that dissipates like morning mist, I see your smile once more, the lovely smile of yesteryear.
An example is a suggestion, not an order.
The bus now arriving is going to the International Terminal via Domestic Terminal 1.
The bus now arriving is going to Domestic Terminal 1. Passengers for the International Terminal, please wait. The shuttle bus to the International Terminal also leaves from this stop.
They must stay.
You must stay.
Y'all must stay.
It doesn't matter from where he comes.
My mother opened the door very carefully.
People usually don't like what they don't understand.
Do you need to buy anything?
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.
He's also just a politician.
You must be joking! I can't find my passport!
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.
I'm British.
I'm a swot.
Are you afraid of insects?
Are you afraid of bugs?
PHP is the best language in the world.
Tom likes me the most.
This dog jumped.
Are we afraid of dying?
We cannot see them.
My father is a good person.
This is my camera.
He promised Mary that he would never do it again.
You simply don't understand me.
I've never seen her that angry.
You like to hurt to the people.
Will you be busy this afternoon?
Stagnation means regression.
How much does a meter of that red silk cost?
Today we will stay home.
Are you tired, sweetie?
Are you tired, darling?
The lake froze completely.
I didn't understand any of what Tom said.
Tom says that he doesn't remember that at all.
The level of the lake dropped.
Tom died in an airplane accident.
Is that weapon loaded?
Because he said that, it must be true.
I said the opposite!
There are ten years in a decade.
There are ten decades in a century.
I want to go to Paris.
I want to leave for Paris.
You are capable of conquering your fears.
Let us cook dinner together!
Nobody will be in the house.
A cracker is much like a piece of bread, but bread is better than crackers for making sandwiches.
Crackers are baked in an oven, much the same way as bread is.
An e-book is very much like a traditional book. It should have a cover, a table of contents, separate chapters and an index.
The time of monarchy and princing is over.
I never much liked public speaking.
I hope Tom enjoys singing as much as Mary does.
Much as Tom would like to visit Boston, he can't afford it.
Take as much or as little as you'd like.
Neither Tom nor Mary likes eggplant very much.
There were a great many people at the party.
The building provides space for start-ups active in the fields of biotechnology, biomedicine, medical technology, engineering sciences, informatics, telematics and software engineering.
Rank has its privileges.
It was a trap.
The next day passed much the same as the day before.
A hansom cab is a coach for hire — much like a taxi.
Look it up on Wikipedia.
Why all this?
I can't even walk, let alone run.
My shoes are old, while his are new.
The zombies were closing in.
The sun was setting a fiery red.
Welcome home, my love!
I am afraid of the dark places we go.
There was a light shining ahead and I tried to reach to it.
Stay in the light.
The shadows were clawing at the door.
The gnarled branches scraped and grasped for me like living hands.
The water was cold and dark.
It was the perfect place for monsters to hide.
The dragon breathed fire and exhaled its sooty ashen remains.
The ship rocked back and forth to the rhythm of the sea.
The bio luminescence turned the sea an eerie glow.
He faded into the fog like the memory of a ghost long forgotten.
There were three ships closing in at reckless speeds.
Shadows hung to the walls like cobwebs.
The zombie dragged his rotten leg behind him with an eerie scraping sound.
Do aliens dream of other worlds?
The fairies danced in wispy gowns.
There were times when I thought the sands would overtake and swallow me.
The desert had its own music.
A deep sadness overcame me.
The landscape was cold and sharp as flint.
The cold winds froze my skin and hollowed out my soul.
I sank into the mud and couldn't get free.
There were creatures lurking in the shadows.
I like to listen to old records.
There were times when I asked myself why I kept going.
The mountains were treacherous and steep.
Do you love the sea?
The city was abandoned.
I slipped into an ice encrusted puddle.
The streets were empty and the people were gone.
An eerie silence filled the air with despair.
Where did all the people go?
The zombies are in the subway!
The volcano rumbled.
The wolf peered around the corner before slipping silently into the woods.
There was a deer in the road.
I swear I just saw Sasquatch!
Do you play croquet?
Are the aliens invading?
Did you see the UFO?
Sharks are scary.
The storm was rolling in.
There's a tornado coming!
We need to find cover!
Do you have Netflix?
What's your wifi password?
Will you get the phone?
This is too much homework.
I can't read these instructions.
There is a bear in the yard.
The bear roared and I fainted.
I love the penguin house at the zoo.
What is your favorite exhibit at the museum?
Will you shovel the driveway?
Let's have a snowball fight.
The yeti chased up back to our car and we drove away as fast as we could.
Do you like robotics?
I think I have a virus on my computer.
Can you help me install this software?
I like watching disaster movies.
I really don't want to clean my room.
Traffic is bad today.
There was a wreck on the highway.
Are you a polyglot?
They aren't bartenders.
I am a singer.
He isn't a fisherman.
Sandy won't become a doctor.
What a headache!
Did she really say that?
She really said that?
When was the last time that you drank?
He closed the shop.
The world is a book of which a person that doesn't travel reads only one page.
His silence makes me nervous.
Her silence makes me nervous.
Their silence makes me nervous.
Your silence makes me nervous.
I intend to marry you.
What does a Kremlinologist study?
I think this is the reason why you don't like me so much.
Forgiveness is between them and God. It's my job to arrange the meeting.
This is a nematode worm.
These are parasitic wasps.
The wasp killed the spider.
Tom is not afraid of wasps.
They changed their religion.
They will be back in force.
They are opportunists.
To begin with, this is a lie.
It will take them some hours.
Do you like porn websites?
It is already occupied.
They had a picture perfect life.
The cause of death was not accidental.
They were spending so much time together.
One of them is a killer.
Don't you love this place?
Everyone knows their names.
He was very well known.
It was a perfect match.
He was very kind.
Marika's smile was amazing.
They were very good as a couple.
She was proud of him.
He never brings the paycheck home.
She was raising four kids.
He had everything he needed.
He was a perfect gentleman.
He was a good-looking guy.
That helped him a lot.
He was cheating on her.
She didn't receive the flowers.
He has a family to consider.
They met on the beach.
They met on the way to work.
He was raising a family.
Their relationship really started gaining momentum.
He was interested in her.
They exchanged passionate e-mails.
I'll be by your side, no matter what.
Things got so hot between them.
One of them will have to go.
She was his married mistress.
They had plans to be married.
That means one of them will have to go. But which one?
He was kicked out of the house.
I think he knew that.
She knows that as well.
He knew she was having an affair.
He couldn't resist that.
He faced ruin.
He was seen at a local bank.
They went to a motel.
He put the kids to bed.
He wasn't in the mood.
He went to bed at about o'clock.
He found her body in the pool.
He drove her to the hospital.
He was fighting for his life in the back of an ambulance.
He fell into the pool.
He explained everything to the police.
He slipped and fell in the pool.
He saw the lights.
He has his own theory.
He is her best friend.
They had a conversation about that.
She doesn't wear that jewellery in public.
He knew about the affair.
He immediately admitted that he was involved.
He spoke with Mary several times.
I know it's going to happen soon.
They were adults.
He has a rock solid alibi.
She turned on her lover.
He was good at this game.
He really was a ladies' man.
He will do whatever it takes to reach his goal.
He was playing with the kids in the pool.
I loved her manicured nails.
He thought he could get away with murder.
He gave a powerful testimony.
He is serving a life sentence for the murder of his wife.
He was a good person.
He needs to recognize that.
He wasn't that kind of person.
He held her down in the tub until she drowned.
He brutally murdered his wife.
It's absolutely despicable.
He did awful things.
This could make any girl quiver.
He grew up in a Christian town.
They went to church.
They went to Bible camp.
They got married young.
They married at just years old.
They were very happy together.
He was big and handsome.
He went to the University of Kansas.
He was dutiful.
He always had a smile.
He always had a giggle.
He loved her sense of humor.
I loved Marika's sense of humor.
He was always very eager to meet people.
He was very outgoing.
He grew up in a military family.
He took over a new post at the military base.
She made herself up.
As the storyline progresses this belief is evaluated and questioned.
In the end the two families accepted their fate.
Who's your favorite player?
He had many pornographic magazines in his room.
Who's your favourite video game character?
Everything worked without a hitch.
I'll watch TV.
The internet isn't working.
Can I have a cup of tea, please?
There is no comparison between the taste of a fresh apricot and one from a can.
There was a deer walking through the meadow.
I don't like 70's music.
Would you like to go to the butterfly house with me?
We should go on a camping trip.
Do you want to go sky diving?
I went abroad to start a new life.
The author wrote furiously in a mad dash to get his story down on paper.
The ominous thunderstorm in the distance was gaining speed and strength.
I was overseas at the time.
He gave me a passport and told me to leave the country.
Please give me my book back.
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
Do you care about the environment?
Where is the PowerPoint presentation you promised me?
Do you have any Bitcoins?
Can you help me host my website?
I like to listen to podcasts.
I encrypt my emails.
The waitress serving us at the diner was exhausted and stressed.
The animals were restless.
The weather report says a blizzard is coming in later today.
The homework was so complex that no one in class finished it.
Cyclones can be very dangerous.
The field was full of lavender flowers.
May I have a cup of tea, please?
I like to make bread from scratch.
I don't like animals.
I don't like where society is heading.
From now on, try harder.
How has your weekend been going so far?
I've visited more than ten cities outside the country so far.
They holed up in a room.
Mary changed her hair color.
Mary changed her hair colour and Tom didn't even notice.
Tom likes to read and to listen to music.
Thanks for writing so often.
I'm not mad. I'm just sad.
I've been really lonely these past two weeks.
Mary was jealous of Kate's popularity.
Mary spread false rumors about Kate's parents.
How can you be such an idiot?
The windstorm blew away roofs and uprooted many trees.
Follow your own path and let people talk.
Buddhism originated in India.
He left a pack of cigarettes on the table.
Are you guys polite?
That decision will have far-reaching and serious consequences.
I like all vegetables except for cabbage.
That decision will have wide and serious consequences.
The fishmonger guarantees the origin and freshness of his products.
The show was interesting.
If you aren't feeling well, maybe you should rest in bed a little longer.
Are we going to the movies later today?
There was a knock at the door.
The teacher's nails scratched the chalkboard and we all cringed.
There is nothing like the smell of roasted coffee.
Pelicans are strange birds.
Your jewelry is very beautiful.
I like to read about the Paleolithic era.
Atlatls were some of the first tools of the Paleolithic era.
Thylacines used to live in Australia before they became extinct.
The train is coming!
I like making you mad.
Language reflects the history, customs, and soul of the people that speak it.
My sister watches television.
Tom said that there was a monster under his bed.
"Where's Tom?" "Beats me."
I've never seen this place so deserted.
I've never seen this place so empty.
Tom left through the back door.
Why does he hate you so much?
Why does she hate you so much?
You can save your life and your family lives by always preparing for earthquakes.
Turning the steering wheel makes the car turn.
This car is an electric car.
Did you break it?
I'll show you how.
That's not how it works. Let me show you how.
Why does Tom hate you so much?
Tom left several messages on my phone.
Why does Tom not like you?
Would you like to know why Tom doesn't like you?
I knocked on the front door, but there was no answer.
I knocked on the door, but there was no answer.
Mary spread vicious rumors about Kate.
Tom grew up in the New York Jewish community.
Tom's father was Jewish.
I'm going back to the synagogue.
Tom has a slender body.
My specialty is particle physics.
Rabbi Tom gave the sermon on Friday night.
Stop swearing, please.
Unfortunately, the report is correct.
Unfortunately, that's true.
Unfortunately, that's correct.
Unfortunately, this house has already been sold.
Esperanto belongs to everyone. Unfortunately, not everyone knows that.
I am currently learning Esperanto.
What a beautiful couple!
What a lovely couple!
I think you used too much salt.
I said I want the truth!
They put a price on his head.
The first time Mary ever saw Tom, he was wearing a beanie, strumming a ukulele, and singing an Irish ditty.
I'm not that surprised by it.
The fields were covered by heavy snow.
I think she checked me out.
We were arranging flowers.
Marie was ill.
He got his driving licence in less time than anyone.
He came to dine with us.
Go and clean up your face!
He laughed heartily.
Tom analysed the results.
Plastic bottles are compressible and recyclable.
Sometimes I didn't come back at all!
He took me in so well with his smooth talking that I accepted.
It's the capital above all that makes the mores of people; it's Paris that makes the French.
People's life expectancy grows every year.
I ask myself if I'll be married some day.
They lay down.
I love the view from my balcony.
In the future, Firefox will upgrade plugins for you.
I didn't weigh their bags.
When did you hear about it?
They are poorly educated.
The old antiphon came back.
I've not started yet.
Your handwriting is very bad, I can't read it.
You fell down the stairs.
But what do you think of that new album?
Do you want to make me happy?
I could never do that sort of thing.
His stomach, thirsty for alcohol, seemed bottomless, like the Danaids' barrel.
Is love just a game for you?
Can leopards run as fast as cheetahs?
Mary spared her effort.
Ask Mr. Leblanc if he is free tomorrow.
Break the eggs and separate the yolks and whites.
Another unbearably vacuous title!
If Bob had listened to and followed my advice, everything would have gone better.
I quickly saw through his game.
When I visited Ken he was studying.
I was overcome by a panicked fear.
You bought an expensive umbrella for Mary.
On Tatoeba, there are a lot of grammatically correct but strange sentences, hardly comprehensible out of context.
It's a ghost town.
You hurried to the bottom of the stairs.
Did they sign?
The treaty obliges us.
I'm not making any problems for you.
I used to interpret dreams.
Have you finished your Duolingo tree yet?
She's going to make some coffee.
Thank you and goodbye!
I made a royal mess of that exam.
Stay in your room until your father gets back!
I'm not too surprised.
I can't find my keys!
He sits wherever he wants to.
The news of the death of his son was a shock.
I have decided to go a little further.
I don't dare to contradict him.
He could only laugh at the joke.
We always had to put on a safety belt in case we had an accident.
Her voice is as high as the flight of a condor.
I like all sorts of paintings.
We had to talk to Tom.
My computer won't start any more.
That wasn't his idea.
He speaks Russian too.
They have to come.
My company is a success.
Did you phone me?
I don't eat breakfast.
They have to go there at once.
Where did he have to go?
Good advice can't be followed if it isn't understood.
I was doing some DIY.
Knowledge of the self is the descent to hell which opens the way to godhood.
She pissed in the vase of flowers and traipsed off.
He quickly climbed into the tree.
That book is outdated.
The more we learn, the more we forget.
That book is too out of date.
With that performance, you have surpassed yourself. Congratulations!
You were in the corridor on the second floor of the hospital.
She prefers a window seat.
Recycling reduces pollution and waste.
He has deliberately lied.
He lied deliberately.
It would be better if you read more books.
She is used to walking long distances.
You won't be right.
How can we put up with that?
She is throwing away the old newspapers.
Dan checked the weather forecast before taking off.
Oh, how beautiful! It's exactly what I've always wanted!
You want to stay alive, don't you?
I am boiling the water in a saucepan.
Can they send me a brochure?
He has no enemies.
If I decide I have to sleep, then I sleep.
As soon as I've grilled the fish, you can taste it.
He wants to, she doesn't.
You have started.
Christ is risen.
If you ask me, it's completely overblown.
You wouldn't dare.
Are we going to succeed?
He'll look for another lawyer.
Are we going towards the city centre?
Does that product still exist?
I still need more training.
When I ask him to pay me back, he turns a deaf ear.
They were chosen at random.
His advice fell on deaf ears.
This is what I'm made of.
You can try but never stop me.
I thought about you the other day.
Did you finish the assigned readings in the textbook?
We repainted the church.
Please endorse this check.
I received an email notification of his upcoming party.
We didn't receive any notification of his having been fired.
Notification of the smoking ban was posted outside the restaurant yesterday.
She's eating fruit and bread.
The sign warns you that the police will tow your car away if you park here.
Why would she lie about that?
Tom was embarrassed by his parents.
Mary was extremely embarrassed by her parents.
You're just trying to get off the hook by blaming it on Tom.
Tom moaned with pain.
The eruption of the volcano Vesuvius destroyed the city of Pompeii.
I try to sleep well.
He wants to learn Toki Pona.
She wants to learn Toki Pona.
I see the signs well.
I know Esperanto.
It's not just the German fate: from the cradle to the grave — forms, forms.
Know that you are my first client.
Just a moment, I will come right away.
What is his character like?
A language is just a dialect with an army and a navy.
The church is in yourself, for your body is the temple of the living God.
The autopsy results suggested that she died due to a heart problem.
I'm sorry that I couldn't live up to your expectations.
Theosophy is a system of belief based on mystical insight into the nature of God and the soul.
The three men laughed.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking a cigarette.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking a cigar.
I want to speak with my attorney, now.
I want to speak with my lawyer, now.
I had to stay home.
I had to stay at home.
All the divers already had their wet suits on.
It was a shocking development.
This isn't a new development.
This is a recent development.
Tom's replacement hasn't been determined.
Tom is determined and hard-working.
How did you determine this?
You're an excellent detective.
I'm a homicide detective.
Many local dialects seem to be dying out.
Tom is dying to know what you think.
Tom's wife died in childbirth.
Tom died of internal injuries.
Tom died the following night.
Tom died several years later.
Too many children have died.
Tom died three months later.
The protests have died down.
We're dying of hunger here.
Tom died three years later.
Tom died of kidney failure.
Tom died last Monday night.
Tom died in the earthquake.
Tom died from his injuries.
Tom died earlier this year.
This isn't worth dying for.
Tom died three days later.
Tom died in the explosion.
Tom died on October 20th.
Tom died of liver cancer.
Tom died later that year.
Tom died in the accident.
Please don't let me die.
I thought I was dying.
I feel like I'm dying.
Tom died a day later.
It's not time to die.
I'm glad no one died.
Are you ready to die?
Are you going to die?
Tom died a year ago.
All three died.
I followed the diet strictly.
Do you drink diet soda?
There are no direct flights to Boston from here.
What's wrong with being direct?
Tom has resigned.
I'm not going to disappear.
Both Tom and Mary looked upset and disappointed.
I hope we both don't end up being disappointed.
Tom said that Mary seemed disappointed.
I'm disappointed with your performance.
I wasn't surprised or disappointed.
I was really, really disappointed.
I hope people aren't disappointed.
Tom didn't seem too disappointed.
No one was as disappointed as me.
That's why I'm not disappointed.
That was the disappointing part.
Life is full of disappointments.
It's a disappointment, isn't it?
It wasn't even a disappointment.
I hope you aren't disappointed.
The loss was a disappointment.
That's why I was disappointed.
Some people are disappointed.
It was disappointing to lose.
I'm sure Tom is disappointed.
I'm not disappointed in that.
That's why I'm disappointed.
No one will be disappointed.
It was a disappointing loss.
How can you be disappointed?
It's OK to be disappointed.
I'm extremely disappointed.
All of us are disappointed.
We're pretty disappointed.
That's very disappointing.
It's pretty disappointing.
We're very disappointed.
Don't disappoint me now.
This a very significant discovery.
That sounds like discrimination to me.
Tom is very distinguished looking.
I found it very disturbing.
Tom isn't to be disturbed.
Sorry to have disturbed you.
Sorry to disturb you.
Tom bought a drone.
Tom lost his drone.
Tom wants to buy a drone.
I ate too many beans and now my backside cannot stop singing.
I can't keep it in.
You can't just laugh it away.
Some words don't exist on Tatoeba.
Some people are very rude.
Some people are really intelligent.
Love alone is not enough for a successful international marriage.
They were renovating the library in 2013.
It would be inappropriate to discuss that now.
We've had discussions about that.
We haven't even discussed that.
That's still up for discussion.
That's already been discussed.
Tom and I didn't discuss that.
We haven't even discussed it.
Tom will lead the discussion.
I can't really discuss that.
We didn't even discuss it.
There's a lot to discuss.
What was discussed?
"I love rain." "Maybe you do, but I don't."
This is the house he lived in.
This is the house she lived in.
As it was getting dark, one could see the stars starting to come out.
The European Union was created as a result of a desire to rise above French-German enmity.
I am extremely envious of those people.
God shot himself.
To live is to have doubts.
We planted rice.
We stayed at a farm house.
We helped on the farm.
We went to a firework festival.
Many play, but only one will win.
Incompetent people are the ones who talk the most.
"Do you know what floppy disks are?" "Of course I do!" "Have you ever used one?" "Nah, I haven't."
Perhaps we are all chess pieces for a Greater Power who is trying to checkmate evil.
Oppressive regimes don't live forever.
The English word is not easy.
English is not an easy language.
In many religions, masturbation is considered a sin and an impure act.
Recently, I've been developing a spare tire. It must be middle age...
Lately, I've been growing a pot belly. It must be middle age...
A link joins two parts of a chain.
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
I'm a geek, not a nerd!
Mom! That lady and man are holding hands. They're great friends, aren't they?
Did you pay the rent this month?
Have you taken a course on Coursera yet?
My dog won't stop snoring.
I don't spread them on bread.
You just put a tempting idea in my head.
When are you moving to your new place?
Only the human face can express feelings.
Tom should have been punished in this case.
As you'd expect from a high-end model, the user settings are amazingly detailed. It seems like it'll be a while until I can get one of my own.
We will eat lunch together at 12:30.
If you respect yourself, others will respect you.
If you respect yourself, then you will receive respect from others.
If you respect yourself, then others will respect you.
I'm just not digging it today.
Tom shot himself in the leg.
Tom shot himself with his father's gun and died.
Tom accidentally shot himself.
Tom shot himself while he was cleaning a gun that he thought was unloaded.
This is a very funny story.
Last year was the hottest year on record.
Babies don't stay babies forever.
I laughed so hard that I cried.
Did you read this morning's newspaper?
We are bound for Domestic terminal 1. We will not be making any stops at the International terminal, so please take care.
Don't look up my skirt, you pervert!
As a teetotaler, Tom dislikes being around drunks.
The report released to the public was heavily redacted.
You'd have to be a fool to go fishing in the ocean in this weather.
I'm surprised Tom's still alive. I thought he would've drunk himself to death years ago.
Let's not and say we did!
What can I say? I'm a bad mammer jammer.
Leadership calls for tough choices and, at times, tough language.
Desalination of water is worthwhile where fresh water is expensive.
We use solar-powered distillation to desalinate our water.
Tom's idiosyncrasies take a bit of getting used to.
Do not smoke in public places.
Give me the pleasure of having lunch with me.
I remained extremely unsatisfied.
Tom renovated a house.
She renovated a house.
Mary renovated a house.
You renovated a house.
The uzantonomo@email.com address is read: uzantonomo at email dot com.
Tom and Mary renovated their house last year.
The left hand should not know what the right hand is doing.
This is a hotel, not a brothel.
This book is good but that one is even better.
You are such a mouse potato.
I did a terrible job.
How will you do that?
How much did we lose?
How many do you have?
How is Tom doing now?
How do you rank that?
How did you get that?
How did they do this?
How did they do that?
How can we do better?
Do we really need it?
Did you vote for Tom?
Did Tom win the race?
Did Tom get a chance?
Can we do this again?
Can this be done now?
You have to do that.
What can we do next?
That didn't help us.
Maybe Tom can do it.
It's not easy to do.
I'm glad Tom did it.
I'm glad I did that.
I wanted to do more.
I really do love it.
I really do like it.
I forgot what to do.
I don't own a horse.
I don't drive a car.
I do this every day.
I didn't eat enough.
I didn't do my best.
I did my best today.
How do we help them?
How do we get there?
How did Tom move it?
Do we need Tom, too?
Where do we go now?
What help do I get?
What do you all do?
We need to do this.
We need to do more.
We need to do both.
We love what we do.
We know who did it.
We intend to do so.
We aren't done yet.
Tom did a fine job.
That was fun to do.
I think I did that.
I hope you do well.
I hope Tom does it.
I don't walk a lot.
I don't own a suit.
I don't know my IQ.
I did it last year.
I can help do that.
Do it your own way.
Can we do it again?
Can Tom do the job?
You do work a lot.
Why do we need it?
Which way do I go?
We really did try.
We had to do that.
We didn't give up.
We didn't do that.
We did a good job.
Tom used to do it.
Tom can do it all.
It's all I can do.
I've got to do it.
I'm able to do it.
I wanted to do it.
I want to do more.
I used to do that.
I just did my job.
I intend to do so.
I hope they do it.
I have to do that.
I enjoy what I do.
I do realize that.
I do my own thing.
I can't do it yet.
I can do it today.
How much do I get?
Go do as you like.
Don't go away mad.
I'm doing it now.
How do we fix it?
How do I sign up?
How do I get one?
Do you eat a lot?
Are you done now?
Why do that now?
We must do more.
Don't lose that.
What can it do?
We got it done.
We can do more.
I have lost count.
It's relatively early.
He has two children who are the same age as me.
I can help Tom do that.
I had fun doing this.
I really do enjoy it.
I'll have to do that.
I'm ready to do that.
Just do what you can.
That's how we did it.
That's how you do it.
Tom can't do the job.
Tom did his job well.
Tom did it all alone.
Tom did it last year.
Tom has things to do.
Tom needs to do more.
We all can do better.
We can all do better.
We can get that done.
We can't do it again.
We can't do that now.
We want to do better.
We won't do it again.
We've done very well.
What can I do better?
What more can you do?
Why can't we do both?
Why did they do this?
Why do you need that?
You don't need a gun.
Did you all know that?
Do you feel safe here?
Do you miss your kids?
Do you need any money?
Do you still miss Tom?
How's Tom doing today?
I don't feel that way.
I don't have any pain.
I love what I'm doing.
I'm doing pretty well.
I'm glad Tom did that.
I'm unable to do that.
It didn't go too well.
Let's see Tom do that.
Somebody has to do it.
That's not easy to do.
That's not what we do.
Tom doesn't own a car.
Tom failed to do that.
Tom is doing his part.
Tom is doing that now.
Tom might do the same.
Tom promised to do so.
We can do much better.
We did that very well.
We don't want to move.
We don't want to wait.
We only did that once.
We're able to do that.
What do you miss most?
Why do people do this?
Why does Tom hate you?
Why don't you stop it?
You can't do that now.
Do we really want that?
Do you think I'm funny?
Do you want a sandwich?
Don't give up too soon.
Don't let Tom fool you.
Don't tell me, show me.
How did this all start?
How did you get to Boston?
How did you learn that?
How much does Tom make?
I can help you do that.
I didn't plan for this.
I don't know the facts.
I don't mind the noise.
I don't need much else.
I don't think it helps.
I expect to do it soon.
I just don't have time.
I really do think that.
I still don't have one.
I still don't want one.
I think I've done well.
I think it does matter.
I'll just do it myself.
I'm just doing my duty.
It's really hard to do.
That's very hard to do.
The job's not done yet.
I have three siblings.
I'm not a man.
This is not a dog.
In the morning, it is good to touch barefoot the dew on the grass.
The red umbrella reminded her about her grandmother.
I wish that I had known.
I didn't come to be silent.
I would not do that.
I am sad, but there is nothing I can do.
You can not stay here tonight.
I think that you should come and stay at my place.
None can do it as good as Tom can.
Okay! Do you all understand?
Money is the last thing on his mind.
I am only a customer.
My attempt gave no result.
She wrote as many as ten books.
Let us play this game again.
You are impolite.
Obviously not!
"Do you like snakes?" "Obviously not."
They played in the climbing gym.
Where is the butter?
Who says that I have a gun?
Who says that I steal money?
There is something wrong with you.
I am not mean.
I still think of him.
I still think of her.
I don't know. I can not remember.
Tom has an older sister, Mary, and two younger sisters, but I can't remember their names.
Tom doesn't like his sandwich.
Would you like to have a cappuccino?
I have only done this one time before.
The dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his assistants.
There is no reason to be unnecessarily worried about the outbreak.
The shy boy mumbled his name.
The shy disciple mumbled his answer.
Do you have any clue to the mystery?
The policeman carries a gas mask.
I like my women like I like my almonds: baked and covered in chocolate.
Look me in the eye, so I know if you are saying the truth.
For the thousandth time, I don't need your help.
My friend went to Gothenburg.
Tom could hardly contain his excitement.
I took the train to school this morning.
It is dangerous to walk on a calving glacier.
The fireside evoked a pleasant warmth against the chill of mid-winter.
Tom did a fabulous job.
Tom did a superior job.
Tom did a terrific job.
Tom didn't speak to me.
Tom is doing good work.
Tom likes what he does.
Tom loves what he does.
Tom never did it again.
Tom really did do well.
Tom refused to do that.
Tom wants to do better.
We can do without that.
We don't need any more.
We don't need to fight.
We had to do something.
We've done what we can.
What did Tom give Mary?
What do you need today?
What'll you do with it?
Where did it all start?
Why does Tom need that?
You can do much better.
Are you still in school?
Can it actually be done?
Can we do this together?
Did you feel safe there?
Do you have any regrets?
Does Tom really do that?
Don't be afraid to fail.
Don't ever give up hope.
Don't quit your day job.
How did that all happen?
How did this effect you?
How does Tom make money?
I did what was expected.
I did what was required.
I didn't even know that.
I didn't read the story.
I didn't think about it.
I do think there's hope.
I don't do that anymore.
I don't do those things.
I don't want to comment.
I guess you didn't know.
I honestly don't get it.
I hope Tom doesn't mind.
I like what you've done.
I wish it didn't matter.
Let's get this job done.
Let's not do that again.
That's what I did today.
They don't want us here.
This is difficult to do.
Tom did a fantastic job.
Tom did a wonderful job.
Tom didn't get his wish.
Tom didn't get the memo.
Tom didn't grow up here.
Tom didn't seem to mind.
Tom didn't want my help.
Tom has already done it.
Tom has done it already.
Tom has never done that.
Tom is doing a nice job.
Tom promised to do that.
Tom will enjoy doing it.
We both did really well.
We can always do better.
We can definitely do it.
We can do without those.
We can surely do better.
We do have some options.
We do this every Monday.
We don't always do that.
We don't have any rules.
We don't practice a lot.
We don't sell junk food.
What Tom did is illegal.
What advice do you have?
What are we doing wrong?
What did the company do?
What do you enjoy doing?
What has Tom done wrong?
What should we focus on?
What'll Tom do about it?
Who doesn't want to win?
Why didn't they tell us?
Why didn't you hire Tom?
Why don't you go inside?
Why don't you want this?
Why don't you write Tom?
Are you still doing that?
At least I did something.
Can you do this yourself?
Did you really mean that?
Do you guys use Facebook?
Do you like being famous?
Do you really need these?
Do you see a resemblance?
Do you still play tennis?
The DJ transitioned between two songs.
The website was undergoing maintenance.
There is a risk for rain tomorrow.
They play bridge every free moment.
The door to the house was ajar.
If you love me, you must also love my dog.
He might have lied to me.
They have bought a house that faces south.
You get the book again on Monday.
Mom, I have not taken my medicine.
He was not available.
Can you drive a little faster? We are in a hurry.
He bought the pre-cut pork loin.
He is a modern boy.
I cut my finger.
I am dirty-blond.
He likes to act.
My mother is more nervous about the exam results than I am.
When one is hungry, everything tastes good.
The radio plays the latest songs.
I protest!
He skins the fish.
The room was filled with fumes.
Drink your medicine.
She helped the poor.
What are you doing, darling?
I am proud of my son.
He spent three months at sea this past year.
The city is beautiful.
I like to be alone.
The horses are nervous that there might be a thunderstorm tonight.
I would like to have a glass of tea.
My favorite vegetable is the tomato.
I want to live in Helsinki.
We jumped off our bikes and sat in the grass.
One in six pregnancies in Britain are unplanned.
Almost half of pregnancies in the United States are unplanned.
Do you still write music?
Does Tom still live here?
Does Tom still work here?
Don't feel sorry for Tom.
Don't let that worry you.
Everyone knew what to do.
How did Tom get involved?
How did this get started?
How much don't they know?
I didn't expect all this.
I didn't like doing that.
I don't have any regrets.
I don't know what's best.
I don't like working out.
I don't really need that.
I don't think about that.
I don't think that works.
I really just don't know.
I think Tom will do well.
I'm not doing that today.
It didn't need to happen.
Our work here isn't done.
Please don't let us down.
That's not what Tom does.
That's really hard to do.
The fun didn't last long.
The work is getting done.
They're doing a good job.
Tom did a phenomenal job.
Tom did some good things.
Tom didn't say very much.
Tom didn't talk too much.
Tom didn't want us there.
Tom doesn't plan to wait.
Tom has done really well.
Tom hasn't done that yet.
Tom isn't quite done yet.
Tom said he did it wrong.
Tom says he doesn't mind.
Tom still doesn't get it.
We didn't talk very much.
We don't need that stuff.
We don't really know why.
We haven't done that yet.
We just didn't do enough.
We just didn't expect it.
We'll always do our best.
What did Tom actually do?
Why aren't we doing that?
Why isn't Tom doing this?
I don't like working here.
I'm happy Tom is doing OK.
Maybe Tom doesn't like me.
That's what we have to do.
Tom might not be done yet.
We must do this right now.
I'm glad you're doing well.
How much does that job pay?
I bet Tom didn't know that.
What do we need to do next?
Why didn't you do anything?
Do you see any similarities?
I'm glad Tom didn't do that.
We got the job done on time.
What do we need to look for?
Are you still playing tennis?
Do you know anyone in Boston?
How did you learn to do that?
The meeting didn't last long.
We really do need Tom's help.
Why do you need one of those?
I don't ever go there anymore.
I don't think you can do this.
I surely hope you can help us.
It's not difficult to do that.
Tom said it really did happen.
Why don't you want to do this?
Do you know why Tom isn't here?
Do you think you can do better?
Tom and Mary do a lot together.
What have you ever done for us?
Do you watch the news every day?
Can you do this without any help?
I hope Tom does better next time.
I think we'll do better next time.
Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Why did Tom start studying French?
Why didn't Tom tell us what to do?
Do you have plans for Monday night?
I still don't know what I should do.
We'll have to do better from now on.
Don't expect this good weather to last.
I don't think anyone was here yesterday.
We won't get paid extra for doing this.
Are you sure Tom was the one who did this?
What do you think the best way to do it is?
Why don't we try doing this again tomorrow?
How do we prevent this from happening again?
None of my friends have ever been to Boston.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was staring at him.
The waves were tossing me viciously to and fro as I struggled to hold my breath.
Even today the temperature is below zero.
Tom needs someone to speak with.
It is possible that I have forgotten my keys.
I'm all strung up about the deadline!
I’m wound up head-over-heels with all this work!
Tom didn't stay there very long.
You really don't like me, do you?
Tom is the one who usually does this.
I really didn't expect that to happen.
We didn't quite do exactly what Tom wanted us to do.
Why didn't Tom tell us that he was going to be late?
Why didn't Tom tell us that he didn't know how to swim?
Did Tom need help?
Are your feet cold?
What do you want, anyway?
What has Tom done lately?
Where do your folks live?
You can do that tomorrow.
You'd better do that now.
Can anything else be done?
Did I miss something here?
Do you guys understand me?
Do you have hard evidence?
Does Tom really want this?
I didn't even notice that.
I don't feel safe anymore.
I don't have any comments.
I don't have any symptoms.
I don't have many regrets.
I don't know why, exactly.
I don't like cold weather.
I don't remember for sure.
I don't remember that day.
I think we're doing great.
I'd be willing to do that.
I'll do whatever you need done.
It didn't make much sense.
Tom didn't need much help.
Tom doesn't plan to leave.
Tom has done his homework.
We don't really feel safe.
We don't think it matters.
What Tom did was horrible.
What do you suggest doing?
What else do you remember?
What exactly did you mean?
What exactly does it mean?
What exactly has Tom done?
I actually didn't say that.
I can do everything myself.
I didn't see anything else.
Most people don't think so.
Something needs to be done.
Something's got to be done.
That didn't help very much.
That's exactly what we did.
Tom certainly did his part.
Tom did an outstanding job.
Tom didn't even mention it.
Tom didn't lose his temper.
What Tom did was disgusting.
Are you learning English?
That didn't use to happen.
Well boss, we were thorough when we disposed of the evidence. I can assure you, we've got the cat in the bag on this one.
You idiot! I swear! Screw this up one more time and it will be no more "Mr. Nice Guy". Capiche?
Tom didn't seem upset.
Tom didn't want to comment.
Tom doesn't like us either.
Tom forgot to do something.
Tom knows what we're doing.
We don't need these things.
We don't think that's true.
We don't want that anymore.
We don't want to overreact.
What does it matter anyhow?
What does it really matter?
What you're doing is wrong.
They danced merrily together on the grass.
Tom climbed up the ladder and picked an apple from the tree.
They picked apples from the trees.
I'm too old to dance.
The train was late, but I still arrived at work on time.
I couldn't figure out the answer.
Did you hand in your essay on time?
Why does that interest you?
Why does this surprise you?
That's been done before.
Did anyone else notice this?
Do you have any predictions?
Does Tom have anything left?
I don't remember exactly what Tom said.
Everybody wanted to do that.
Everyone did a fabulous job.
Exactly what does that mean?
I hope I didn't offend anyone.
How does that actually work?
How does this always happen?
I certainly don't regret it.
I didn't even recognize Tom.
I didn't know what happened.
I don't personally know Tom.
I don't want that happening.
I just don't understand Tom.
I personally don't think so.
I'm doing what I can.
Tom is doing what he can.
We haven't done too badly.
We might actually do that.
It really doesn't seem fair.
Let's do the exact opposite.
Maybe you're doing it wrong.
Our business is doing great.
Personally, I don't like it.
Some people don't like that.
Some things didn't work out.
That's all we've been doing.
That's exactly what Tom did.
That's what smart people do.
That's what we're doing now.
They can't do anything else.
They're doing what they can.
Tom actually did it himself.
Tom didn't do anything else.
Tom didn't move fast enough.
Tom does everything so well.
Tom does make things happen.
Tom obviously doesn't get it.
This doesn't happen every day.
That sounds like fun, doesn't it?
They didn't give us their reasons.
Tom doesn't owe us anything.
We don't have any questions.
We don't make many mistakes.
We don't think it's serious.
What difference did it make?
What's Tom doing these days?
Why do school grades matter?
Did anybody else notice this?
Did you expect anything else?
Do you like watching sports?
Do you have any disabilities?
Do you have trouble sleeping?
Does anyone see a difference?
I definitely don't regret it.
I don't mind reading manuals.
I don't think it's necessary.
Tom is capable of doing that.
Tom is doing a fantastic job.
Tom has done some good things.
I'll do whatever I can.
We'll do whatever we can.
I didn't really enjoy that.
We've been doing just fine.
We've done the right thing.
Tom didn't show me anything.
Tom will do whatever he can.
We didn't do much yesterday.
It's just doesn't seem right.
That just doesn't make sense.
That's something Tom must do.
That's what Tom usually does.
The article doesn't say that.
They'll do whatever they can.
They've done the right thing.
Tom didn't do much yesterday.
Tom didn't go into specifics.
Tom definitely didn't do that.
I don't think Tom is qualified.
Where is my ring?
Dong Energy will build the world's largest offshore wind farm off the coast of Britain.
The construction of this project will provide 2,jobs.
I don't give it to you.
I am very ugly.
There must be a spy among us.
Valentine's Day is coming up.
Let's hit the slopes!
Let's hit the slopes.
"I'm bored!" "Then find something to do! I'm not here to entertain you."
Why do you have to be so dramatic?
My father is a proud man.
It was already dark when Tom returned home.
Why do you act so strangely?
I like all my friends.
Why isn't he here?
Why isn't she here?
Tom just got out of rehab.
How do you read and write?
I think Tom needs to write something.
The truth lies somewhere in the middle.
There are two sides to every story.
You can kill a man, but you can't kill an idea.
Do you think he likes me?
Do you think she likes me?
I just want to know if you love me.
Mary walked into her room and closed the door.
Come with me. There's something I want to show you.
Tom came racing down the stairs.
Mary came racing down the stairs.
Even though I'm the oldest one here, I'm still pretty young.
I don't regret anything.
We don't want your money.
I really enjoyed doing that.
Your opinion doesn't matter.
I don't trust anyone anymore.
They're just doing their job.
Tom doesn't know much either.
Tom doesn't smoke cigarettes.
Tom doesn't watch war movies.
Tom is doing something right.
We didn't take anything home.
We're not doing anything new.
We've had success doing that.
What does this mean, exactly?
What they did was incredible.
You don't drink enough water.
I didn't expect these results.
I don't particularly like Tom.
I don't think it's reasonable.
I don't watch much basketball.
I really didn't understand it.
I really don't understand why.
I still don't understand this.
I'll probably stop doing that.
I'm actually doing quite well.
Some things just don't matter.
That doesn't surprise me much.
Things didn't happen that way.
Tom didn't sit around waiting.
Tom doesn't even like driving.
Tom doesn't need a wheelchair.
Tom hasn't made much progress.
What difference does this make?
What do these statistics mean?
Don't leave the engine running.
It doesn't happen much anymore.
It doesn't make economic sense.
That doesn't happen very often.
They're doing it by themselves.
This doesn't happen very often.
Tom doesn't struggle like this.
Tom seldom talks about himself.
We don't have that information.
We don't know what's happening.
We don't make anything anymore.
We don't want any distractions.
Tom didn't take much persuading.
We don't have enough information.
Tom still doesn't speak much French.
What did Tom and Mary quarrel about?
You didn't drink that water, did you?
You obviously don't know Tom very well.
That sounds like something Tom would do.
Don't expect anything to happen too soon.
The town where I grew up didn't have parking meters.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support his family.
Tom said he's going to try something he has never done before.
Tom didn't promise me anything.
What does everybody else think?
You'll regret what you've done.
You're probably doing it wrong.
I don't totally understand that.
That didn't surprise me, either.
Tom finally did something right.
Tom is doing extraordinary work.
Tom wasn't doing anything wrong.
We weren't doing anything wrong.
I can tell you a thing or two about it.
I suggest that we take a new approach.
Don't let this ruin your friendship.
Mary wiped her hands on her apron.
Tom came to sit with me on the sofa.
I better go check on those cookies.
You don't look sick to me.
Could you explain the last section more precisely?
My mom thinks the doctor is a quack.
I have a three-stage plan for success.
He was active in the resistance.
He was active in the underground.
Prices right now are sky-high.
I didn't intend to say that.
Some people cannot cope with the world.
He is as honest as a cat when the meat is out of reach.
Fear and panic overwhelmed me.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for I am the evilest sonofabitch in the valley.
The bird that sings in the morning is caught by the cat in the evening.
Look out world! Here I come!
I told the story that my mom used to tell me to my daughter.
I told the story that my mom told me to my daughter.
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.
If food is so scarce, then why hasn't Gandhi died yet?
End of story.
What's your spirit animal?
What is your totem animal?
The bus leaves in about two minutes.
The bus will arrive in about thirteen minutes.
Tom is a big shot in Silicon Valley.
Mary is a big shot in Hollywood.
Tom lives in a Hispanic neighborhood.
You can stay the night here; there is no problem.
I'm not used to talking about my life with people whom I don't know.
Mary's apartment is very tidy.
Tom fell asleep on the couch while watching TV.
This house is abandoned. All the windows are boarded up.
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
If you teach a man, you educate one person. If you teach a woman, you educate a whole village.
Tatoeba is more than a website. Tatoeba is a group of volunteers that either translates existing sentences or writes new ones in order to make others familiar with the beauty of their own languages.
Mary, the famous forensic psychologist and writer, was inspired by Tatoeba to write a novel about Tom, the serial killer from Boston.
Don't worry so much! For quite an esteemed expert such as myself, it's peasy lemon squeezy!
If I were some kind of rocket scientist, then this algebra would be super duper easy peazy.
Every day, you show up late. That really says a lot about your work ethic, Tom.
Why are you making such a big deal out of it, huh? Just suck it up already!
You think Tom's got big muscles? I'm packing literal cannons beneath these sleeves!
You better start packing your bags before I pack them for you.
If I had to sum up your attitude in one word, it would be arrogance.
I feel like I have to go pee!
What a colorful bunch they are.
Let's all raise our glasses and give a toast to our special guest, eh?
I hear we're going to have a grand toast for the CEO!
I am going to stand up.
I am standing up.
The door is made of wood.
You will open a flimsy brown door.
I am walking to the bathroom.
I am walking to the restroom.
I am walking to the ladies room.
I am going to take a sip of coffee.
I am going to take a swig of beer.
Have you ever accidentally taken a big gulp of seawater?
Do you like your keyboard?
Do you need a new keyboard?
When was the last time you cleaned your keyboard?
I have 300,songs loaded onto my iPhone!
Thanks to modern technology, loading music on your device is nearly as simple as plugging it into your computer.
Is the lady trying to blackmail me?
Did you get your girlfriend a souvenir?
Why are you asking about that?
The light of autumn afternoons colours the landscape in hues of yellow, orange, red, gold and brown.
A language is much more than just a communication tool.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the ability to move forward even though one is afraid.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the ability to move forward despite the fear.
Your touch has the gentleness of a poem.
Learn from Comrade Lei Feng.
This should be obvious, but apparently it's not.
Let Tom finish his sentence.
Let me finish my sentence.
You didn't let me finish my sentence.
I don't want to start a fight.
Tom went to a private school.
I speak and understand a little English.
Is this a bad time to chat?
I was afraid of looking stupid.
Could you help me exchange some money?
Tom is pompous and arrogant.
Mary met Tom at a dinner party.
We are grilling fish for dinner tonight.
I hear the service there is good and the food is delicious.
Esperanto is the language of love.
Tom has tested positive for anabolic steroids.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it that way.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it any other way.
The policemen wore gas masks and helmets.
What led to the fall of the Roman Empire?
Why did Rome fall?
Tom is one of the world's richest and most famous men.
Tom was greatly affected by the death of his son.
Tom was greatly affected by the death of his only daughter.
Tom started the race as one of the favorites.
The Denver Broncos have won the Super Bowl.
Taiwan was hit by a powerful earthquake.
Many survivors were rescued from the rubble of the collapsed building.
Many survivors were rescued from the collapsed building.
Many survivors were rescued from the wreckage.
A baby was pulled alive from the rubble of the collapsed building.
The Russians have never lived as bad as under the Obama administration.
More than a hundred people are still missing.
The Denver Broncos have won the 50th Super Bowl.
The Denver Broncos have won Super Bowl 50.
An unknown number of victims may be trapped beneath the rubble.
A 17-storey residential building, called the Golden Dragon, was destroyed by the earthquake.
This is a terrible tragedy.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those who were affected by this terrible tragedy.
I kissed her on the cheek.
All I know is what I read in the papers.
You'll be in shtuck.
I dialled the number.
You dialled the number.
You’re seriously starting to get on my nerves! I’m perfectly capable of doing it myself, thank you very much!
Can someone help me fish out the remote from under the couch? It's really stuck in there.
I spent my whole morning all in tears trying to fish my wedding ring from the drain.
Esperanto has only two cases.
Party at my house tonight! Drinks on me!
His wife gave birth to a baby, who was born healthy.
I'm glad I have a friend like you to confide in.
Those were some seriously smooth moves out there on the dance floor!
Where does he want me to put it?
Where do they want me to put it?
It's a… err… a whatcha-ma-call-it. Oh, that’s right! It’s called a fiber-optic cable.
A clocktower is full of an assortment of doodads and doohickies.
His webpage is in Esperanto.
I have just had one of the worst days of my life.
She didn't tell me her name.
Bad habits are not easily broken.
I love your lack of shyness.
Arms folded across the chest and upper body bent forwards, the guest showed respect to the host.
He brought a chest, in which there were very valuable goods.
She placed the garment into the chest.
She was a fine artist and photographer.
I don't accept your arguments.
Our host opened a drawer, and a small box full of black powder was revealed.
Poetry is not just torment; poetry is love. It is warm and sensual passion; it is revolution, romance and tenderness.
The solution lay before my eyes, but I didn't see it.
Have you ever changed a diaper before?
After you dispose of the diaper, you will need to properly wipe the baby's bottom with a wipe or damp cloth.
If your baby is prone to rashes, you may want to apply diaper cream, powder, or petroleum jelly after cleaning your baby's bottom.
It is very important that you wash your hands thoroughly after changing a baby's diaper.
She drank the expired milk.
As the waves crested about them, Tom and Mary clung desperately to the gunwales of their lifeboat.
As he pulled laundry from the dryer, Tom saw that because of static electricity a grey sock clung tenaciously to a facecloth.
Tom, aware that he would soon have to board the train to Boston, had passionately clung to Mary on the station platform.
Despite having studied proofs of evolution, some people have clung to traditional doctrines grounded more in mythology than in science.
I've been spending a lot of time studying for IT certifications recently.
I don't want to tell you the truth.
What kinds of animals will evolve from us?
Intelligent animals can help people.
This website is not suitable for studying Arabic.
Who is the fastest one here?
I'm kind of uncomfortable.
We don't lack self-confidence.
There's a nigger in the woodpile.
I wish I'd taken more pictures.
I didn't sign anything.
Tom is in an awful mood.
Tom is having dinner now.
Where did Tom have to go?
Tom didn't hitchhike home.
Tom is inclined to be lazy.
Tom just didn't understand.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Tom didn't practice on Monday.
Tom is kind of cute, isn't he?
We don't regret that decision.
Will they play together again?
I don't regret quitting my job.
Tom isn't doing anything wrong.
That's exactly what Tom's doing.
Tom is doing exceptionally well.
I didn't feel particularly happy.
I don't understand this decision.
I'm not doing anything different.
It sounds incredible, doesn't it?
My opinion doesn't really matter.
My opinion really doesn't matter.
That doesn't sound too difficult.
That's exactly what you're doing.
That's something I've never done.
They aren't doing anything wrong.
They haven't done anything wrong.
They're not doing anything wrong.
We aren't doing anything tonight.
We're not doing anything tonight.
What happened didn't surprise me.
Did someone actually propose this?
I didn't feel particularly hungry.
I don't understand your complaint.
People don't trust the government.
Something just doesn't seem right.
That doesn't happen just anywhere.
That's exactly what they're doing.
That's something I would never do.
That's what they don't understand.
These things don't happen quickly.
They weren't doing anything wrong.
They're doing everything they can.
Tom didn't mention specific dates.
Tom doesn't take things seriously.
Tom doesn't think it's impossible.
Tom doesn't watch much television.
Tom is doing significantly better.
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.
Don't waste money on nonessentials.
Everybody knows what they're doing.
Everything else doesn't matter now.
I didn't feel particularly nervous.
I didn't immediately understand it.
I didn't notice anything different.
Perhaps you don't understand fully.
Tom didn't provide any explanation.
Tom is the cutest boy in our class.
You didn't mention having children.
You weren't doing anything illegal.
Are you doing something differently?
Please don't insult my intelligence.
That strategy obviously didn't work.
That's what people don't understand.
What's the competition doing better?
Everything Tom does is controversial.
Please don't insult our intelligence.
Tom didn't require medical treatment.
I don't know what you are referring to.
People around me say that you are very outgoing.
He is obsequious to the higher-ups and arrogant towards his underlings.
You can't always play on both sides of the fence.
She behaves obsequiously toward superiors.
Writers often use a pseudonym.
We drink everything except water.
Is this animal holy?
Here's a little nugget of advice for you, Tom.
Don't listen to her! I promise you; she's just full of hot air.
All the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm.
She does not speak with him.
You have blood on your hands.
The cloud is grey.
I'll tell you why we haven't answered your letters.
A spectre is haunting Europe—the spectre of communism.
Don't talk during class.
The soldiers filled the sandbags with sand.
Sandbags can be used to erect a temporary wall to protect against floods.
Get to work. These sandbags won't fill themselves.
You know now what you wanted to, don't you?
School is for learning!
Tom had an accident when he tried to ride a hoverboard for the first time.
That's not a real word.
Is that even a real word?
Tom doubled over with pain.
Tom was secretly very excited.
Mary was secretly very excited.
I didn't know that you were interested.
Horus was the son of Isis and Osiris.
Horus was the god of the sky, war and hunting.
Bela Lugosi became famous for his role as count Dracula.
This bed is very comfortable.
This bed is not comfortable.
I sort of doubt it.
I doubt Tom will ever do that.
I doubt Tom knows Mary.
I doubt anyone said that.
Was there ever any doubt?
This is without a doubt true.
Tom started to doubt himself.
Do you have a contingency plan?
Do you have a contingency plan in place?
It was a dramatic moment.
I still dream about it.
I still dream about you.
Isn't talking about dreams boring?
I wore the white dress.
Mary wore a white dress.
Mary was wearing a dress.
I drink wine every day.
They ate and they drank.
We have no drinking water.
We don't have any drinking water.
Cold drinks will be served.
Tom has started drinking a lot.
Were you drinking that day?
Get these folks some drinks.
Drinking isn't against the law.
I've been drinking a lot lately.
There's a two-drink minimum.
Tom drives an older car.
Are you a taxi driver?
I hope Tom isn't driving.
I hope Tom isn't going to be the one driving.
Tom won't drive at night.
Tom drove to the hospital.
Tom never learned to drive.
Tom never learned how to drive.
I'm going to drive downtown.
Luckily, both of the drivers were wearing seat belts.
Neither driver was injured.
The truck driver wasn't injured.
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.
Mary is drop dead gorgeous.
Promise you'll drop by tonight.
Is Tom able to eat?
We like to eat out.
I like to eat out.
Tom likes to eat out.
Tom ate all the cookies.
We're going to eat now.
I just eat bananas now.
Tom usually eats lunch alone.
Sometimes people eat too fast.
The children ate first.
I'm trying to eat more vegetables.
What's everyone eating for lunch?
Tom is an education major.
I have a college education.
I'm embarrassed for us both.
It was a little embarrassing.
Our company has thirty employees.
Almost nobody is unemployed now.
They treat their employees well.
The place is nearly empty.
The store is almost empty.
The waiting room is empty.
The beach was fairly empty.
The basket was empty.
The reception room is empty.
There are still empty seats.
How will it all end?
How will this all end?
Tom wants to end this.
When will it ever end?
Where will Tom end up?
Tom ended up in prison.
We're at our wits' end.
When will this all end?
The term ends next week.
Where will all this end?
Tom ended up in the hospital.
Tom ended up going himself.
Tom ended up going by himself.
The ending wasn't a surprise.
Tom ended up committing suicide.
Tom has endured a lot.
We've endured for long enough.
Tom is an engineer now.
I enjoyed it a lot.
I enjoyed the party a lot.
I enjoyed the concert a lot.
Tom said he enjoyed it.
Tom said he enjoyed the party.
I really enjoyed this week.
It was an enjoyable week.
I really enjoyed that movie.
I enjoyed watching the game.
Tom enjoyed going for walks with Mary.
I actually enjoyed the movie.
I enjoyed being in Boston.
I've enjoyed working with Tom.
People need to enjoy themselves.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself here.
It was definitely very enjoyable.
I think they really enjoyed themselves.
There's no entrance fee.
Please use the north entrance.
I'm excited to be here.
We were all so excited.
This is an exciting day.
I was excited about that.
That was exciting to see.
Tom was pretty excited.
Next year will be exciting.
Tom was excited about that.
We were really excited.
There's a lot of excitement.
There's excitement in the air.
They're very excited about it.
This is really exciting stuff.
We're pretty excited about it.
We're really excited about it.
We're pretty excited about that.
I'm excited about this opportunity.
We're excited about the possibilities.
You must excuse me now.
What's your excuse now?
These are really just excuses.
Take it easy when exercising.
Tom prefers walking for exercise.
Can you expand on that?
There's no room to expand.
We expect to be busy.
I expect that as well.
I knew what to expect.
No one expected that to happen.
Here's what to expect.
I expect a tough fight.
I expected a big crowd.
Were you expecting to win?
We knew what to expect.
We know what to expect.
Expect more of the same.
I never expected to win.
Is it what you expected?
Tom knew what to expect.
What else can we expect?
I never expected to lose.
We expect more than that.
We kind of expected this.
We kind of expected this to happen.
It was kind of unexpected.
That's all you can expect.
I just wasn't expecting it.
It was a little unexpected.
This isn't what we expected.
This wasn't what I expected.
Tom wasn't expected to live.
I wasn't really expecting that to happen.
Nobody's expecting us to win.
That wasn't the response we expected.
People expect things from us.
Tom is expected to recover.
I wasn't expecting that at all.
What else were you expecting?
I expect no special treatment.
I don't expect any special treatment.
Is that something you expected?
That decision is expected soon.
What exactly were you expecting?
We won't lower our expectations.
It was an unexpected opportunity.
Nobody expected anything from me.
That wasn't something I expected.
Tom has surpassed expectations.
Expect to be pleasantly surprised.
It wasn't something anybody expected.
I wish I were different.
I wish things had happened differently.
I need to be in absolute control of everything around me all the time.
Tom hid the money in his underwear drawer.
Mary hid the money in her sock drawer.
Who are you calling stupid?
You haven't changed and you never will.
Twitter is one of the most popular social media platforms in America.
Egyptair has one daily flight from New York to Cairo.
Emirates has five daily flights from New York to Dubai.
He threw the jacket over his shoulder.
He offered her his jacket.
I looked up the word in the dictionary.
I was bad at English.
There's a waiting list to get on the waiting list.
Have you ever kissed a woman?
There is a hole in Jon's sock.
After we visit the Arc de Triomphe, we'll stop at a nice café.
There's not enough on-campus housing for students.
The kitchen is a little bit too small.
Induction cookers use magnets to directly heat pots and pans.
Induction cooktops use magnets.
I want to remodel my kitchen.
Tom bought an ice cream and sorbet maker.
This carbon fiber bicycle is incredibly lightweight.
Do you realize how serious this is?
You don't seem to realize how serious this is.
You don't seem to realize how serious this is!
I followed him into the kitchen.
Don't talk about me like I'm not here.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize it was that serious.
Are vampires real?
Tom and I rarely agree on anything.
Mary and I rarely agree on anything.
Alcohol is a cure.
Tom is finally himself again.
We're finally getting somewhere.
The dog is sitting on the carpet.
Mary and I plan to have two kids.
Did anyone eat with you?
Do you know anyone from Boston?
Never touch this flask!
My birthday is on the twentieth of July.
They've seen better days.
He seems miserable.
She ignored her for the entire day.
She ignored it all day long.
Our president is not as popular now, as he was before.
I bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit.
"Liberty, equality, fraternity" is a French motto.
The dancer dances a dance.
Have you gone to places like Boston and Chicago?
I have visited cities like Boston, Chicago, etc.
I hate places like Boston, Chicago, etc.
I've cut loose all ties with my old friends.
He told his best friends Tom, Mary, etc. that he has cancer.
I'm British born and bred.
I feel the desire to renew my ties with my native country.
I was born and bred in Britain.
Can you outmaneuver your opponents?
Stop that car!
This picture has very low resolution, the quality is very low.
I was proud of my son.
Stop the car!
That's her car.
Every year without fail, lots of foreigners come to Japan.
I think that girl was pretty when she was younger.
I'm a kid who watches a lot of TV.
I really like TV.
Is it OK if I drink all of this?
Oh no! It looks like someone is crying.
So thin! Are you dieting?
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.
First of all, please do a simple self-introduction.
Wow! You've lost weight. Are you on a diet?
Could you please briefly introduce yourself?
She slept with the window open.
Marie played.
The first rays of the sun tore the cloudy veil and the outline of a rocky island appeared.
Ow! Stop it!
The housing market is stagnant.
Are you having a candlelit dinner with your wife?
There is definetly a safe route!
Damn thief.
Well, this is the street!
By an inconceivable contradiction, he did not forgive the young girl for having followed his orders.
Don't worry, this street is not obstructed.
It is humanity that has lost the man. Say that this idiot would have been more happy as an animal, if he had been able to keep quiet. But no... he invented civilization.
It looks like that, huh?
But we've seen it before.
Is it ok if you wait just a little while?
Is it ok if we buy a little ice cream?
Please wait while I get a towel.
She could not help but laugh.
He said it with a grin on his face.
I was obligated to do something.
The abbess asked Mary if she was completely sure that the monastic life fit her.
It happens frequently on vacation.
We were at the movie theater yesterday.
He continued to walk for two hours.
Do you believe in ESP?
Parapsychology is the study of paranormal and psychic phenomenons, including ESP.
He has financially ruined not only himself but his family.
Do you think he is leading a double life?
Psychokinesis or telekinesis is the ability to affect objects without physically interacting with them.
I'm aware of the limits of my knowledge.
Scientists have announced that they have discovered gravitational waves.
The ancient Egyptians believed that the human soul was made up of five parts.
We were all little once.
Tom put money into the tip jar.
Nothing dries more quickly than a tear.
The waiter spit in the soup.
Do you believe in extrasensory perception?
Do you want to drive the tractor?
Tom put some branches into the wood chipper.
Tom really likes talking.
Mary really likes talking.
Only Tom could see the ghost.
This disease is caused by a rare genetic mutation.
There was nothing that the doctors could do.
Tom spent an hour shoveling the driveway.
Mary went rollerskating with a friend.
There's nothing that the doctors can do about it.
Mary felt as if a ghost or spirit had touched her back.
Tom believes that he has been physically touched by a ghost.
This sounds like the plot of a Hollywood movie.
I work too much in order to achieve my goals.
Tom forgot to take his Alzheimer medication.
Comedians don't usually laugh at their own jokes.
I really can't explain why.
I'll explain it to you now.
Thanks for explaining that.
Let me explain what happened.
That's the only possible explanation.
There are many possible explanations.
There are several possible explanations.
Perhaps that requires further explanation.
Experts have offered three possible explanations.
This is extremely important.
This movie explores the possibilities.
It's a common French expression.
Words can't express our gratitude.
I can't face the truth.
The hostages are facing death.
I'm not afraid to fail.
We're going to have failures.
Tom failed to understand that.
I fear for Tom's safety.
Tom's fears were well founded.
Tom's fears weren't exactly unfounded.
Children need to be fed.
They have families to feed.
I feel lucky.
We feel safe.
I feel fantastic.
I felt powerless.
I feel OK about it.
I feel ready to go.
I felt a lot better.
I felt like a moron.
I felt pretty alone.
I had a bad feeling.
We're feeling great.
You'll feel at home.
We all feel that way.
I feel awful about it.
I feel bad about this.
I feel like it's safe.
I feel we're prepared.
I still feel that way.
I was feeling OK then.
It all felt so unreal.
It feels good to help.
It made me feel great.
It made me feel lousy.
It made me feel proud.
It made me feel safer.
It makes us feel safe.
It was a good feeling.
It was a nice feeling.
Some days I feel good.
Tom said he felt fine.
We feel for your loss.
We feel good about it.
I feel good about that.
I just feel very lucky.
That made me feel good.
Tom feels the same way.
Tom knows how you feel.
Tom makes me feel safe.
Tom said he feels fine.
We feel sorry for them.
We feel we're the best.
I feel safe and secure.
I feel better every day.
I feel better than ever.
I felt like throwing up.
I had a strange feeling.
I'm not feeling relaxed.
That's truly how I feel.
Tom said he feels great.
Tom said he felt strong.
Can you feel the tension?
Feel free to look around.
I feel bad for everybody.
I feel good about things.
I feel horrible about it.
I feel terrible about it.
I felt dirty and ashamed.
I felt kind of awestruck.
I know that feeling, too.
I know you feel grateful.
I'll never feel that way.
It was a strange feeling.
It's a very nice feeling.
That made me feel better.
Tom said he feels better.
Tom said he feels strong.
I feel kind of frustrated.
I have a positive feeling.
I was feeling really good.
I've never felt like that.
That's my feeling as well.
That's the feeling I have.
I feel like I'm invincible.
I really like that feeling.
It was a wonderful feeling.
It's a pretty good feeling.
It's a really good feeling.
I felt comfortable with Tom.
I felt pretty good actually.
I'm feeling much better now.
I'm feeling pretty good now.
Now you've hurt my feelings.
That's how I feel sometimes.
The water feels really warm.
We feel this is appropriate.
I'm feeling very comfortable.
Tom felt something was wrong.
I feel differently about this.
Are you sure you're feeling OK?
I feel pretty comfortable here.
I'll never forget that feeling.
That was an incredible feeling.
They felt good about themselves.
They're all feeling pretty good.
I fully understand your feelings.
I have mixed feelings about that.
I'm feeling really confident now.
Tom is feeling good about himself.
Tom is feeling a little better today.
I never really felt comfortable there.
You'll feel better tomorrow, I promise.
Think about how you'd feel if that happened to you.
What was the fight over?
You look like a fighter.
There's no need to fight.
Tom helped fight the fire.
Tom's a very good fighter.
Tom got into another fight.
You've got to keep fighting.
We're fighting for our lives.
What was the fight all about?
The fight lasted three seconds.
We've been fighting every night.
They're fighting for their lives.
They're always fighting among themselves.
I can't figure it out.
I just figured it out.
Tom will figure it out.
We've got it figured out.
Tom can't figure it out.
We got that figured out.
We never figured out why.
We figured it out quickly.
They'll get it figured out.
I'm still figuring stuff out.
Do you think we'll be able to figure it out?
Tom has filed for divorce.
This is the final straw.
The wait is finally over.
What was the final score?
Nothing has been finalized.
Plans have not been finalized.
The court's decision is final.
The nightmare is finally over.
Tom is finally getting married.
Plans haven't yet been finalized.
I'm not a financial expert.
Keep track of your finances.
This is what I found.
This is what we found.
Tom isn't hard to find.
Tom tried to find help.
No suicide note was found.
Did you find your passport?
They'll never find you here.
I find that very interesting.
Let's try to find some shade.
Let's try and find some shade.
This is a significant finding.
I find that pretty interesting.
I found it extremely upsetting.
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.
I found Tom's comments interesting.
Three bodies were found in the cave.
I need to find somewhere else to live.
I wanted to find out what Tom thought.
The detectives found no other evidence.
Tom finished in last place.
Tom finished in third place.
Tom isn't quite finished yet.
We finish each other's sentences.
You haven't finished your coffee.
We still have unfinished business.
We're not finished with negotiations.
I've just finished watching episode three.
Tom put out the fire.
Not a shot was fired.
Tom needs to be fired.
Tom says he was fired.
Tom was fired in 2013.
Tom never fired a shot.
Tom was fired last week.
Tom was fired last October.
Tom is afraid he'll get fired.
The fire was quickly extinguished.
The police officer fired a warning shot.
Tom roamed through the streets of Boston.
A frozen mammoth has been found in Siberia.
Tom uses cannabis for medical reasons.
I felt as if a cold hand was touching me.
What is your favorite type of pizza?
What's your favorite type of pizza?
Nothing like the natural.
I presume such preferences are mostly cultural.
They begin losing copious amounts of hair.
I am proud of being related to Hungarians.
Use bullet points.
We have a natural desire to want to help others.
Beauty of the surrounding world.
What is this never ending phone talk?
And when they are not talking on the phone, they are constantly surfing the internet.
In spite of everything, she was expecting reassuring words from him.
Didn't I have a right to seek the happiness I longed for?
Don't ignore the signs you asked God to show you.
Visual learners are often helped by visual representations in their own notes.
This huge war has been prolonged.
I'm also very well versed in the movies.
Jesus told us to turn the other cheek, love our enemies, and pray for them.
Bet he's read neither.
I know why there are so many people who love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees the results.
Wish all my friends and loved one Happy New Year.
You were dropped on your head as a child.
Let there be an end to wars and weaponry.
Stop taking away my right to take away other people's right.
The four basic elements are Earth, Air, Fire and Water.
He was hammered.
Give a hug to your parents before you get far away from your hometown.
Whether you’re flying solo or in a relationship, I'll be thinking of you this Valentine’s Day.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinions, but not his own facts.
It is difficult to find work.
To find a job is difficult.
You should listen to what Tom says.
I think I'm going to puke.
We've got that figured out.
Don't make me slap you.
What a sweet little girl you are!
He translated the novel into German.
I often have a cold in the winter.
I don't understand the plan at all.
Please advise me on what to do.
Do you like giving advice?
Yarn is spun from different fibers.
There is only one avenue to earn money.
This pass is a gateway to India.
He left through a secret passageway.
Come on, show that you can do something.
There's but one avenue to earn money.
I'm distressed by the daily squabbles.
Here stood a green field; now it is a supermarket.
We will steal you from yourself.
Should I prepare the coffee?
At our place, everybody's doing fine.
I like the company he keeps.
Tom told everyone that he was adopted.
Be bold, European Union, or remain a political pygmy.
Ain't that just like me?
Who killed the spy?
Do you need an umbrella?
I've already said too much as it is.
I met a nice young man.
He founded the company.
This is a stick-up! Hand over all ya' got or you're fuckin' dead!
Mary was the only one who could see the ghost.
That sounds fishy to me.
We can't fish there anymore.
I went fishing again last weekend.
Tom will fit in perfectly.
It was easy to fix.
We want to fix that.
We've got to fix it.
I'm trying to fix it.
It needs to be fixed.
I'm on a fixed income.
Tom wants to fix that.
Tom will get it fixed.
Who can fix this mess?
Tom wanted to fix that.
You can't fix that now.
I can't fix every problem.
That's pretty easy to fix.
Lots of things need fixing.
This probably can be fixed.
We fixed that pretty quickly.
I thought Tom had fixed this.
I'm sure that this can be fixed.
Tom can fix just about anything.
It often rains here.
Tom looks kind of bored.
I think this is inappropriate.
Others were excluded too, right?
Tom handed Mary the photographs.
Tom is sometimes a little pushy.
Tom is used to talking to foreigners.
Everything Tom did was groundbreaking.
We're obviously doing something right.
Doing that will be extremely dangerous.
Don't miss this incredible opportunity.
This decision won't make anybody happy.
Tom has done some unconventional things.
We're looking forward to getting started.
Are you having trouble getting things done?
Tom is in the habit of staying up late at night.
Tom seems to be having trouble getting things done.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom didn't stop doing that.
Tom doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
It's difficult to find work.
We were crazy about each other.
I was crazy about her.
I was crazy about him.
Do not do this.
Do not do this!
I think I'm going to go now.
I always leave my bicycle filthy.
I am hungry right now.
It was a thoroughly desolate landscape, without a soul in sight.
If aspirin will ease my headache, I will take a couple tonight instead of this horrible medicine.
Tell Tom that I'm still in a meeting.
I want you to utilize that object.
I often take a bath before breakfast.
I am extremely hungry.
You have three chances to spare.
Welcome to our first Italian class.
Spanish is spoken in the Central and the South Americas.
Have you spoke to him in the past few days?
He was sitting on the sofa in our room.
You need to be attentive during the interview and grab any opportunity that presents itself.
He isn't afraid of anything.
He got on his English test.
I don't go to work on Sundays.
Mr. Smith has arrived.
Finish this as soon as possible.
She had lost all hope after the death of her husband.
The party was successful.
Stop crying. You have to go.
He is helping this lady enter her car.
My watch isn't working properly.
Who buys such art?
When do you usually go to bed?
That is a secret.
There is a concert next Sunday.
Paul is smarter than Otto.
Tom explained what drove his decision.
Buying cheap can cost you a lot of money.
It might have been better if you hadn't gone there.
Things might have turned out better if you hadn't gone there.
For my friends, everything; for my enemies, the law.
Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them.
There are two things you never turn down: sex and appearing on television.
I didn't know you were interested.
Corals can live for thousands of years.
I just had my hair done.
The battle of the Somme was one of the bloodiest battles in human history.
Amish romance novels have become popular lately.
The gambler used loaded dice to cheat.
The Tiber divides Rome into two parts.
The Romans are famous for their aqueducts.
The Romans built aqueducts to bring clean water into the cities.
I've got to agree with Tom here.
The extraordinary greatness of the Roman Empire manifests itself above all in three things: the aqueducts, the paved roads, and the construction of the drains.
The substitute teacher was bullied by the students.
Tom is often disrespectful towards his teachers.
If you're really a witch, where's your broomstick?
Tom is disobedient and rebellious.
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -8°F.
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -22°C.
I didn't think my day could get any worse.
Tom's foot had to be amputated after it had become infected with gangrene following a severe frostbite.
One moment please, someone knocks on the door.
Tom bought rolls.
She treated his wound.
I have three tickets.
Mary pictured herself lying on a beach, sipping a piña colada.
Tom appeared relieved to see me.
Tom seemed relieved to see me.
What's the moral of this story?
What's the moral of the story?
Tom works for a startup.
Home prices have skyrocketed in the last ten years.
I am sorry, but what's your name again?
Everything seems to be just fine.
Sorry for frightening you.
The number of students traveling abroad has been increasing recently.
Today it really feels like summer has ended.
You did it on purpose!
It's because it doesn't have a very good design, despite having good performance.
Put on my eiderdown coat. That'll be better.
Try harder to find the answer; there must be one.
Wish you good luck on the exam.
Why would you think like that?
How did you know this?
Could I turn off the light?
Where did you work?
Did Tom ever answer you?
Just a moment - there's someone at the door.
I have been hurt too much.
Each individual soul is such, in virtue of its being a power to translate the world into some particular language of its own.
I live my life in growing rings which move out over the things around me. Perhaps I'll never complete the last, but that's what I mean to try.
The Vatican Library is one of the oldest libraries in the world.
I'm circling around God, around the ancient tower, and I've been circling thousands years; and I still don't know: am I a falcon, a storm or a great song.
Mary undid her hair and opened one of the buttons of her blouse.
When the book was written, it generated a lot of controversy.
She was pleased by the new robe.
America is the richest country in the world.
America is the richest and most powerful country.
Do you have some pencils?
"How dare you talk like that to me?" he sputtered with indignation.
I didn't do it for money.
Tom didn't do it for money.
I didn't do it for money. I did it for fun.
And Jesus said: "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."
The Library of Congress is one of the world's largest libraries.
The British Library is one of the world's largest libraries.
The Library of Congress has a Youtube channel.
He should have been here ten minutes ago.
He should've been here ten minutes ago.
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He should have been here ten minutes ago."
"How are you doing, Mike?" "My name is Tom."
My name is not Tom.
My name is not Tom!
Tea tree oil is a natural remedy that can be used to treat acne.
Mary is smarter than most girls her age.
Tom is smarter than most boys his age.
What would Tom say if he walked in right now?
Love is in the air.
Valentine's Day is celebrated all around the world.
Mary made her own lunch.
Tom said that he didn't have enough time to make his own lunch.
Tom found an injured bird in the forest and nursed it back to health.
Tom's mother told him a story.
The forest was thick and impenetrable.
Tom said that he had a bad headache and needed to lie down.
Tom carried the injured bat back to his house in a cardboard box.
I try to avoid going into the woods after dark.
I try to avoid walking by the cemetery after dark.
Animals can sense fear.
The light goes on and off.
Tom likes talking about politics and philosophy.
And then everyone started laughing.
And then everyone started singing.
And then everyone started dancing.
Mary hit Tom with a pillow.
I'm just glad he wasn't hurt.
I'm just glad she wasn't hurt.
I'm just glad Tom wasn't hurt.
Gary isn't Garry, as they're not the same person. They're not related. In mathematics, they're labels put on different objects.
I can only watch up to ten minutes of any television show.
Watching television isn't interactive for most people.
Sandy Jones isn't Sandy Lee, as why people have surnames.
Winston Ericson isn't Winston Johnston, as why people have family names.
Some people think everything is mathematical.
Some people think there's some kind of mystical relationship with people having the same first name.
This house has a heated swimming pool.
I know a culture that thinks life is work, and one must enjoy work.
Yes, I will be your Valentine.
This forum is a free service, and one gets edutainment out of it.
There are economic systems that don't glorify money.
Some say hate is from fear.
Your insecurity comes from your religion.
There's jealousy from my noodles.
Will you be my Valentine?
I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
It was very awkward.
He gave her a big kiss.
She gave him a big kiss.
War affects us all.
My favorite Pizza is Hawaiian.
My favorite pizza is pepperoni pizza.
It looks like there's an elevator over there.
Your name affects your personality.
I don't believe in your religion.
I thought we covered this before.
Sorry, I don't feel well.
Because of her goodness and beauty everyone loved her.
Sit down, please, and listen.
Also you go, please, we can not go without you.
And you, gentlemen, please, follow me.
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength.
Please forgive the trespass of thy handmaid.
Go, please, to the house of your brother Amnon.
Pray for us to the Lord our God.
You are - do not be angry, please - a strange communist.
I'd never seen you like that before.
We saw a good film yesterday.
Do not try to run away, please, because the eyes of your enemies are watchful.
I don't have any problem with that.
How long did you live on the island?
Whichever of the routes you choose, allow about two hours.
Mary, please hug me.
Choose whatever you want.
Is this something you feel strongly about?
Whoever wants it can have it.
Did he really do that? You couldn't make it up!
Whoever you vote for, make sure he's honest.
Well, as I said, I think she's making a mistake.
Do not say anything, please, about your consul.
Tell it, please, to your great-grandmother.
Don't get lost, please.
Nobody slept.
We slept.
She slept.
I am naked!
I'm not interested in your religion.
I studied your religion, but I didn't like it.
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly.
It rained in the forest.
It was raining in the forest.
It has rained in the forest.
It has been raining in the forest.
It will rain in the forest.
It will be raining in the forest.
It had rained in the forest.
It had been raining in the forest.
It will have rained in the forest.
It will have been raining in the forest.
I find it hard to talk about myself.
The sun is shining and the birds are singing.
Tom's schedule is insane.
Finding a job is difficult.
Finding work is difficult.
I've decided to go a little further.
I saw them leave together.
I saw Tom and Mary leave together.
If Tom doesn't mind, I'd like to join him for lunch.
If she doesn't mind, I can pick up her daughter from school today.
If the guests don't mind, they are welcome to sleep in the basement.
If they don't mind, they are welcome to eat the leftovers in the fridge.
The natives are getting restless.
There is still snow in our country.
What's your favorite spring flower?
I was only following orders.
The following story is true.
The following tips can help.
If we'd followed Tom's advice, we wouldn't be having this problem now.
Tom resigned yesterday.
Tom fooled us all.
Stop trying to fool us.
I made a foolish mistake.
We won't be fooled again.
We won't get fooled again.
I forbid that.
I just forgot about it.
I hope you never forget me.
Forget I ever said anything.
Tom will never be forgotten.
Forget what I said yesterday.
That's pretty hard to forget.
Tom apparently forgot to do that.
There's one thing we've forgotten.
That's something I'll never forget.
I'll never forget the time we've spent together.
I have the feeling that we're forgetting something important.
Tom will never be forgiven.
Forgive me for my ignorance.
The river is frozen over.
There's no need to be frightened.
It was a frightening experience.
I'm very frustrated.
It's been very frustrating.
It's incredibly frustrating.
It gets a little frustrating.
It's going to be frustrating.
I'm the one that's frustrated.
That must've been frustrating.
Tom said he's also frustrated.
It's getting to be frustrating.
Were you really that frustrated?
I can understand Tom's frustration.
I've been getting frustrated lately.
Tom needs to gain weight.
What have we really gained?
Tom is gambling again.
Nobody got paid.
I got a flu shot.
I got on the plane.
I'm getting thirsty.
Tom got the day off.
What's got into Tom?
Get out of this room.
I got a little tired.
We have to get ready.
I hope it gets better.
Tom and I got married.
We have to get better.
We need to get better.
We've got a good team.
We've got to help out.
What did we get wrong?
You've got me curious.
I know I'm getting old.
Tom got plenty of help.
We get along very well.
We have to get results.
We've got a great team.
We've got lots of time.
I got into another mess.
I just got your package.
It's going to get rough.
I'm trying to get a tan.
Someone get me a tissue.
That's the best we have.
The room got very quiet.
Everybody in the room got very quiet.
They've got a good team.
Things got really weird.
Tom almost got it right.
Tom will get his chance.
We can still get better.
We got better this week.
We're getting desperate.
We're going to get that.
We've got nowhere to go.
We've got to get better.
We've got what it takes.
Who's got time for that?
I really had a good time.
I'll get you some brandy.
I've got to learn French.
That's how I got started.
That's what got me upset.
The bath is getting cold.
The police just got here.
Tom got into a fistfight.
You have to get involved.
Get Tom whatever he wants.
Get in the van, everybody.
I get along with everyone.
I got some great pictures.
Is Tom getting any better?
The whole place got quiet.
Things may get even worse.
We're going to get better.
We've got a game tomorrow.
You've got that all wrong.
You've got to be yourself.
Old people get sick easily.
Tom gets anything he wants.
We'll probably get married.
We're getting a lot better.
We're just getting started.
We're trying to get better.
You got that totally wrong.
You've got to take chances.
The kids are getting scared.
They want to get paid today.
Tom will get another chance.
We got everything we wanted.
I think we're getting better.
Just get your stuff together.
Let's get our facts straight.
Let's get the facts straight.
Please get your facts straight.
Please get your facts right.
Tom gets along with everyone.
Tom got along with everybody.
Tom has a wonderful attitude.
We've got to start somewhere.
What's that you've got there?
The economy is getting better.
Where can I get one of those?
Things have gotten better now.
We'll get it right eventually.
I'm getting stronger every day.
This car gets good gas mileage.
We got everything we asked for.
We were getting really worried.
The situation is getting better.
Tom is getting really desperate.
We're getting better and better.
Things aren't getting any better.
Tom and Mary got married in 2013.
Tom is getting a teaching degree.
Tom usually gets to school early.
Tom will get it right eventually.
You've got my personal guarantee.
You've got thirteen minutes left.
You've got to be more aggressive.
There's no need to get hysterical.
I'll try to get everything we need.
I'm sure that Tom will get the job.
I think we'll get there before noon.
You should get married and settle down.
The other team has some really good players.
We're getting some very interesting results.
I get a three percent commission on anything I sell.
Is it hot outside?
Earth, do not cover my blood; may my cry never be laid to rest.
I will shit on you.
Hot outside?
This is on your head.
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
He is good.
Do we need special permission?
Mary is playing the piano.
I gave it my all.
Give it all to me.
I gave it my best.
I can't give it up.
It was given to me.
We gave all we had.
We gave it our all.
I wanted to give up.
I'm giving up on it.
I can't give that up.
I won't be giving up.
I won't ever give up.
I'll give that a try.
Please give it a try.
Someone gave me this.
There's no giving up.
This was given to me.
Tom gave me a chance.
Tom gave me his card.
We'll give it a shot.
I'd give it some time.
It gave me a headache.
Let's give that a try.
Tom gave me this ring.
Tom has given so much.
I can't give that away.
I'll give Tom a chance.
We gave them our input.
You can't ever give up.
You just can't give up.
I might give that a try.
I wasn't given a choice.
Let's give Tom a chance.
Nobody gave us a chance.
They gave it their best.
Give them what they want.
Tom has given us so much.
You can't give that away.
You can't give up trying.
We should give that a try.
We weren't given a choice.
Give people what they want.
Tom gave everything he had.
We're never giving up hope.
We're not about to give up.
You've given me a headache.
Tom gave a good performance.
Eventually, Tom just gave up.
I think I'll give that a try.
They won't give you anything.
They've simply given up hope.
Let me give you some examples.
Tom has given us so much help.
Tom gave a terrific performance.
We gave away everything we owned.
Tom has never been given anything.
I was given a ten percent discount.
They gave me a ten percent discount.
I was only given thirty minutes to do that.
You've parked yourself like manure on a field.
We weren't given a chance.
I'm going up the stairs.
I'm going down the stairs.
I'm not stretching them.
What souvenirs did you buy?
Fuck, what kind of asshole calls people in the middle of the night?
The bad weather prevented me from going to work.
Esperantists often travel to foreign countries.
How do I get from the airport to the downtown Hyatt hotel, for example?
Can you imagine dating Mary, for example?
Tom got fat.
Let's stop!
Don't poke your nose into my private life.
Don't stick your nose into my private life.
Do you want to go and see a film this evening?
Is it a little boy or a little girl?
I can't tell you my plans.
I can't tell you what my plans are.
This offer is valid for five days.
He is a taxi driver.
He is a cab driver.
He likes to eat raw carrots.
Would you like a glass of red wine?
I shared the recipe for gluten-free bread.
He has a large scar on his face.
So, I was right?
I don't remember the combination.
The fear of failure is one of the most common fears in the world.
The fear of failure is one of the most widespread fears in the world.
He has nothing in common with her.
That's accurate enough.
He hid his feelings.
He disguised his feelings.
We can't do this alone.
We won't be able to do this alone.
I won't be able to do this without your help.
I'm glad Tom isn't here.
I'm glad Tom isn't here anymore.
Germans show an enormous commitment to the European Union and its institutions.
Germany is Europe's largest and most prosperous economy.
Can I go home?
I was ready to go.
Prices will go up.
Is Tom ready to go?
Nothing went wrong.
I can't go tomorrow.
I'm going to try it.
Is it going to snow?
They all need to go.
I'm glad Tom is gone.
How's it going so far?
I hope this goes well.
I'm going to have fun.
I'm going to meet Tom.
I'm going to need you.
I'm not going to stay.
Now we're ready to go.
Tom isn't ready to go.
Tom's not ready to go.
We have to keep going.
We're ready to go now.
Can't you just go away?
How fast was Tom going?
I want everybody to go.
I'm going to work hard.
It isn't going to snow.
It's not going to snow.
Let's go have some fun.
There's a lot going on.
Tom isn't going to win.
We aren't going to win.
Will my premiums go up?
You'd better go to bed.
Everybody's ready to go.
Tom went home to Boston.
Tom won't go to college.
We aren't going to lose.
We're going to be ready.
We're going to miss Tom.
I wonder what's going on.
I'm going to miss Boston.
I'm going to protect you.
I've quit going to clubs.
Nothing can go wrong now.
Tell Tom what's going on.
Tom went home by himself.
We'll go there next week.
Where have we gone wrong?
Who knows where Tom went?
I hope Tom goes home soon.
I'm going to keep singing.
I'm going to keep working.
Nothing else can go wrong.
Prices are going to go up.
There was plenty going on.
Things are going too fast.
Tickets go on sale Monday.
Tom is going to be missed.
Tom never went to college.
We can't go anywhere else.
We'll be ready to go soon.
I'm not going to speculate.
It's going to be difficult.
It's going to happen again.
Things won't go as planned.
Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom went across the street.
We aren't going to do that.
We're still planning to go.
Who's going to replace Tom?
I'm going to miss you a lot.
I'm not going to name names.
Interest rates are going up.
Prices will certainly go up.
Tom is afraid to go outside.
Tom wants to go there again.
We're going there next week.
We're going to keep smiling.
We're going to work tonight.
An investigation is going on.
Everyone's going to be tired.
Is that going to happen soon?
It's not going to snow today.
Nobody's going to rescue you.
There was something going on.
Things have been going great.
Things went great last night.
This can't possibly go wrong.
We're going to be aggressive.
We're going to work together.
What's going to be different?
Where's all that money going?
Everyone knew what went wrong.
I'm not going to get involved.
Is Tom really going to Boston?
That's what's going to happen.
There's nothing going on here.
This problem isn't going away.
Everyone knows what's going on.
Everything's going to work out.
Somebody's going to notice you.
They're going to make mistakes.
Tom is going to be heartbroken.
Do you think it's going to snow?
Negotiations are still going on.
Someone may have to go help Tom.
There's something going on here.
Tom has stopped going to school.
Tom understands what went wrong.
Do you think that'll happen soon?
I'm going to need some more time.
Tom went to Boston with a friend.
I'm going to need some more money.
I think Tom will go there tomorrow.
I wish everyone would just go away.
Tom was ready to go when I arrived.
We're going to be here all afternoon.
It's going to be difficult to do that.
Tom and Mary went on a shopping spree.
I'm pretty sure that it won't snow today.
Is Tom really going to Boston by himself?
I'm not going to do that unless you help me.
It's going to take a while to get this done.
It's going to be a while until Tom gets here.
It's going to be difficult for us to do that.
I'm fairly certain that's what's going to happen.
It's going to take me a while to get this done.
I often go out for a short walk just after lunch.
We're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't.
This bus stops at all railway crossings.
He was quickly swallowed up by the crowd.
Hello, good people!
My husband makes a hundred thousand dollars a year.
He looked at him angrily.
In many countries, the death penalty is the most severe punishment.
She received the prize.
The story ends where it began.
Students here get their textbooks for free.
Tom has a scar on his face.
Tom likes raw carrots.
Tom likes eating raw carrots.
Dinosaurs could appear on Earth soon.
He was obviously very sick.
The two parents are the father and the mother.
They put forward the idea that "a war will break out."
They aim to stir unease in societies.
In the period to come, there will be a time of peace and tranquility.
You have perfect eyesight.
Boston is farther from Chicago than New York.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper elsewhere.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper someplace else.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper somewhere else.
This is a government project.
The governor supports the bill.
This isn't a government project.
Tom was pardoned by the governor.
I haven't yet graduated.
Tom will graduate in October.
Tom just graduated from Harvard.
Tom graduated third in his class.
Tom recently graduated from Harvard.
I took it for granted.
I'll take that for granted.
We take nothing for granted.
We'll take that for granted.
Tom lay on the ground.
Tom is all grown up.
My kids grew up here.
That's how I grew up.
Tom needs to grow up.
Tom grew a long beard.
The list keeps growing.
Tom has three grown sons.
The economy is growing fast.
Tom has three grown children.
Plants need sunlight to grow.
Radishes aren't difficult to grow.
Go ahead and try it.
I want everybody to leave.
We're still planning to do that.
We're still planning to be there.
I'm sure this will happen again.
Tom is running for class president.
We'll be ready by the time you get here.
was the International Year of Soil and also the International Year of Light.
is the International Year of Pulses.
was declared the International Year of Pulses by the United Nations General Assembly.
Who is your favorite female character in "War and Peace"?
She has a big house and two cars.
Do you still love me a little?
School isn't for me.
No, today I'm not going to school.
Where is Rome?
The list keeps getting longer.
I was still living with my parents then.
That's torn it!
It's often very hard to acknowledge that you may have outgrown your friendship.
On Saturday nights, it's difficult to find parking around here.
I was born in Argentina, but I was educated in Brazil.
That's no way to speak to your parents.
You shouldn't speak to your parents that way.
We're no longer living in the stone age.
We'll have to postpone the meeting.
If you understand, please raise your hand.
If you don't understand, please raise your hand.
This video is the shit.
Were you born in the 20th century or in the 21st?
He may be the slowest one in our class.
It's not usually this busy.
This school supplies textbooks to its students.
How should I eat this?
There's nobody inside.
Since the flat is actually a hotel, will the room be cleaned every day?
Since I am the mother of the child, he should live with me.
Since you have the highest score, you can proceed to the next level of the game.
To help one's neighbours is a good deed.
When acid touches metal, a chemical reaction happens.
Let's ask her when she comes back home.
It's within about two weeks.
He makes good use of his abilities.
The students of this school can get textbooks for free.
Get rid of such stupid ideas!
The flow of this river is fast.
This river flows quickly.
Please place all articles not related to the lesson inside your bag.
Watch out! There's a car coming!
Watch out! A car is coming!
Let's go someplace warm.
Let's go somewhere warm.
How do you eat this?
"How much do you have on you now?" "Sorry, I didn't bring my wallet."
Let's find the equation that shifts the parabola y=x²−4x+three spaces on the x-axis and -spaces on the y-axis.
What kind of movies have you seen lately?
The train will remain at this station for approximately minutes.
He has bad eyesight.
Today's a bit warmer than usual, wouldn't ya say?
Is there anyone who can't come tomorrow?
Please sit as close to the front as possible.
"Can I ask you for a bit of a favor?" "It depends on what the favor is."
If you understand, raise your hand.
Tom's rather busy just now.
I will get off the train at the next station.
Originality is merely a new combination of clichés.
It is difficult for me to understand Italian when it is spoken quickly.
It's hard for me to understand Italian when it is spoken quickly.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?
"Are reptiles a clade?" "Not unless you count birds and mammals as reptiles."
Jane Goodall is a primatologist and an expert on chimpanzees.
Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees could use tools.
Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees are omnivorous, not vegetarian.
Some parts of the British proposal seem unacceptable.
Tom painted the barn red.
We need to repaint the barn.
Tom had a crisis of faith.
What movies have you seen recently?
Let's ask her when she gets back home.
Today's a bit warmer than usual, isn't it?
Today's a bit warmer than usual.
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?
At this moment someone opened the door to my prison cell.
The knight fell in battle.
Tomorrow I'll buy what I need.
Please put everything not related to this class in your bags.
I wish summer break would hurry up and get here.
I want to ask, just in case - we should wear our uniforms tomorrow, right?
What do you think about this parka?
Do you sometimes get pissed off for no reason?
Why do we have homework?
Once it hits two o'clock, I'll go to bed.
What the hell could be fun about taking pictures of trains?
It's best not to get involved in this problem.
If there's some way to enjoy studying, could you teach me how?
They are hungry this morning.
They have good appetite this morning.
She is terrified of hospitals.
Why is taking pictures of trains interesting?
Why is taking pictures of trains so interesting?
I'm studying several languages.
They're treating me like a child.
It's technically possible.
We can open the windows.
There's a lot at stake.
What's so fun about taking pictures of trains?
I hope Tom isn't looking for us.
I'm saving as much as I can.
Mom's at work.
When acid comes in contact with metal, it causes a chemical reaction.
You shouldn't be so prideful.
You should suppress your pride.
Has anything been unclear so far?
Can I have your full name?
I'm so tired I could die.
"Je t'aime" means "I love you" in French.
It's cold outside, so he came inside the room.
They aren't just any 3-D glasses.
These aren't just any 3-D glasses.
Well, what shall we do for fun today...
"It's been a while since we had a serious conversation, eh." "That's for sure. We usually only have idiotic conversations."
Do you get the feeling that you're causing trouble for those around you?
Do you feel self-conscious about being a nuisance to those around you?
Memorizing the order of a deck of playing cards is definitely not easy, but it's not impossible.
Are you older than Tom?
I don't watch TV very much.
I almost never watch TV.
They are going to get married tomorrow.
Who do you think is the GOAT of tennis?
Who do you think is the tennis GOAT?
Who do you think is the G.O.A.T. of tennis?
Who do you think is the tennis G.O.A.T.?
I'm gonna withdraw some money real quick.
Shall I pour some beer for you?
You! In that car over there! Stop!
What are you piddle-farting around for? I could do that in minutes.
It is my belief, that communication is a human right.
The cock and the other birds awaken me in the morning.
We should avoid scaremongering.
Why don't we just agree to disagree?
Just a little bit is left.
You heard the news?
Even the best tennis players shank their shots occasionally.
Is this a fact or an opinion?
I have clearly demonstrated that you've lost the argument.
Kokkinakis banged your girlfriend. Sorry to tell you that, mate.
Are you aware that you're being a nuisance?
I'm going to go withdraw some money.
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died.
I went to the doctor today.
He revealed his love.
We will eat here.
I personally believe that you're right.
I could have you escorted out.
Delicious food awakens the appetite.
His speech lasted for three hours.
Tom repeatedly refused to admit to the offence.
I was thinking of getting a dog.
They want to talk to Tom only.
It will only take a minute of your time.
We barely started.
The air conditioner does not sound as if it's working.
Did they get you your job back?
The campaign has succeeded and he has won the election.
My father told me not to read the book while in bed.
Tell her I miss her.
That would be dangerous.
I'll buy what I need tomorrow.
The iris gives the eye its color.
Can you see the mountain peak covered with snow?
It'll only take a minute of your time.
They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.
When Novak Djokovic was doing the on-court post-match interview after defeating Gilles Simon in an error-ridden five-setter, a fan shouted from the stands, "No more drop shots!" With a grin, Djokovic replied, "I hate to say that, but you're absolutely right."
She promised to give me a phone call.
What public equipment is there?
There is no time to explain.
Should we stay or should we go?
Fear comes from the unknown.
Broad safety measures were put into effect.
He likes to go to the beach sometimes
This season of Survivor! is starting off even better than I expected.
She spends more time organizing than I.
My brother was closer to my grandfather than I.
She throws a ball better than I.
She plays volleyball better than I.
He knows me better than I know myself.
He makes her laugh more than I.
He is funnier than I.
He can get more phone numbers than I.
She had less free time than I.
A bear is bigger than I.
She is more influenced by personal anecdote than I.
She is bigger than I was at her age.
The average man is bigger than I.
The average woman is bigger than I.
The Mona Lisa is smaller than I thought.
I look bigger on television than I do in real life.
The gap was bigger than I expected.
Tom didn't admit his mistake.
There's so much we haven't done yet.
The stock market declines were bigger than I expected.
The boy's expression showed his disappointment, but even so he looked up at our faces with a glimmer of hope.
We'd better visit the library now.
Gandhi was right.
The weather's nice and it's my day off; I want to go somewhere.
Sorry for bothering you even though you're under the weather.
The average woman is taller than I am.
The average woman is taller than me.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as I do.
At that hospital, even if you've got an appointment you have to wait at least two hours, so be ready for that.
He's the kind of boyfriend you really should break up with.
Mary sewed her own wedding dress.
Mary is a good seamstress.
Tom sued his neighbor.
You are so annoying!
I warned you not to come here.
This movie is fun.
I warned him not to come here.
I warned her not to come here.
I warned them not to come here.
Tom's parents have a bar in their basement.
Tom is a terrible dancer.
Tom is a terrible kisser.
Tom is an Egyptologist.
Tom is interested in ancient Egyptian history.
He is learning very quickly.
She is learning very quickly.
Tom is learning very quickly.
Tom can read Egyptian hieroglyphs.
The salvation of the human race starts with the family.
Have you ever been outside the country?
Is he alright?
Is Tom alright?
Is she alright?
Is there nothing you want to tell me?
Tom and I do not smoke cigarettes.
Will you be going with us?
Is there anything that you want to tell me?
Come down.
This is the lake's deepest point.
Tom is on the ship's deck.
Tom may say something.
I have to charge my mobile phone.
I do not know what you mean.
Carbon dioxide is sometimes harmful to humans.
What is your favourite TV show?
You said you were alone, did you not?
What did you grill?
Did you go to the store?
He used to come here to take the treatment.
I do not know what is going on between them.
You mistreated her.
You are all I care about in life.
We have been apart for many months.
Because of Tom, this dream will not happen.
I was trying to forget everything.
I do not forgive you at all.
Think carefully about what you are going to do.
I want to get closer to you.
He knows that I love him.
Europe looks like a paradise now.
Can you show me another room?
Tom is young and foolish.
He is young and foolish.
She is young and foolish.
He was young and foolish.
She was young and foolish.
They were young and foolish.
I know what she's capable of.
I went to bed at pm, but fell asleep at pm.
How's the job hunt going?
The best way to solve a problem is sometimes the simplest.
People usually don't like what they can't understand.
How much longer before you arrive?
She's always been a hothead.
I can't go even if I want to.
Don't touch my sandwich!
I can't win.
Come anytime.
When does the boat set out?
Has she ever snored?
Has he ever snored?
According to the prime minister, the festival this month is cancelled.
You're very flirtatious.
Prepare to have your mind blown.
That's what it is all about.
One thought keeps going round my head.
Have you got a brother or a sister?
Most Hollywood movies have happy endings.
I was happy there.
This is a vital decision for the future of our country.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
A heavy frost is expected.
A heavy frost is expected tonight.
Consider others as yourself.
Though a man may go out to battle a thousand times against a thousand men, if he conquers himself, he is the greatest conqueror.
To do good to others is a meritorious act; to hurt others is a sin.
It is easy to see the fault of others, but it is hard to see one's own.
You should seek a teacher and learn the method of spiritual practice that is best for you.
The loveliest faces are to be seen by moonlight, when one sees half with the eye and half with the fancy.
Billy is good at sport.
I'm no longer starving.
Humanity died this morning.
The details aren't necessary.
You can make of that what you will.
Tom lost most of his belongings in the fire.
The following is the project's progress.
My father was happy with the result.
I love to watch people's reactions when I say who I am.
You need to have quick reactions to play these computer games.
Why don't you leave, Tom?
Did you get a souvenir for your girlfriend?
Tell me what kind of bread you'd like to eat.
I'm on friendly terms with her.
He's closer.
This might sound strange, but he has suddenly disappeared.
Every person is an individual.
We do not have a pan.
I'd better scoot.
I see the moon and the stars.
Free Caucasus!
He is getting fat.
Your dad shook down the yakuza.
He had been booted out of school.
Tatoeba is culture.
He does Devil Summoning work on the side.
I come inside to drink coffee.
Better not to yearn for impossible dreams.
They came home.
There is one very noteworthy element in this stage.
That surprise witness was the defense's trump card.
I should have known.
He was wearing long robes.
How very wrong he was.
It isn't fair that you are wealthier than she is.
Tom had powers I will never have.
I have never seen any reason to be frightened of the dark.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You are like cassandra.
This is very kind of you.
That wasn't my intention to get upset you.
Lets get the fuck out of here.
Let's cut the crap.
How ever you like.
Easy peasy lemon squeezy.
Love, before everything, is about surrendering oneself.
The three of us used to pull all-nighters at Yumezaki all the time.
You didn't say a word.
In his opinion, the eurozone is disintegrating.
I don’t want a nurse who swoons at the sight of blood.
They are trying to cozy up to imperialist forces in order to achieve their political aims.
New York's museums are the pride of the city.
I don't like that prissy face of yours.
Which color do you think she prefers?
We need people who work on behalf of all.
Our boss approved our plan.
Sexual assaults skyrocket after countries open their doors to “multiculturalism”.
In the Torah, Lot offers his virgin daughters to be gang raped.
I was not too pleased with his rashness to take down that guy.
He was involved in a skirmish with a violent gang.
I'm like drenched in sweat.
Let's all help Tom.
Let's give Tom a round of applause.
What is that little mound in the middle of the field?
Her grandmother walks around all hunched over.
My socks are bunching up inside my shoes.
Thank you for your recommendation.
Dance with her!
Tom didn't buy bread.
As I recall, Tom's house is a little farther in from the main road.
You need to drive farther south to reach Boston.
The old man's house is further up the road.
His name is further down the list.
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
She's being considered for the job.
I'd like some time to consider before I make a decision.
This expression is very Chinese.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Tom is being considered for the job.
Which color do you think Tom prefers?
Which color do you think Tom will like better?
I love to see people's reactions when I tell them who I am.
I couldn't go with you even if I wanted to.
My little daughter likes to sit on my shoulders.
"You should apologize to her." "Definitely not!"
"Your dog ate my homework." "Definitely not!"
I want to visit Tom.
Tom, you have a call!
Sold out.
He wants to read this book.
I have my own opinions concerning politics and religion.
What is that strange thing in your dog's mouth?
A people without knowledge is a people without strength.
We got scraped up.
We got scratched up.
I would like you to trust me.
It's time to come together around common values and show our support.
Everybody was waiting the same fate - death.
When did you travel to Rome?
I would like you to rely on me.
Don't be gross.
Tom ran home.
A cute person will look cute no matter what they wear.
He recounted the accident to me as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
The government clearly stated its intention to lower taxes.
My opinion is the opposite.
Next year, Ann and Jong will have been married for years!
Tom and Mary have been married for over years.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their thirtieth wedding anniversary on Monday.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
They prayed in the morning and in the evening.
Unfortunately, I have to start going.
You have to go to sleep.
You cannot rely on politicians.
The deep snow covered everything.
Tell me how it went later.
Loving to work is the key to happiness.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
I will drink for you in spirit.
Material used in this book is reproduced from other texts.
Shouldn't we ask Tom?
Could I pay via Mastercard?
I'm saving up for my old age.
You do need to take a shower.
I couldn't care less what he thinks.
If you don't want to read, then don't.
If you don't want to read, don't.
She sent us a telegram to tell us she was coming.
That means he loves you.
There were armed guards everywhere.
I guess I was right.
I guess it's not true.
Guess what his name is.
I guess I'll never know.
I guess I'm in big trouble.
I guess it's pretty cool.
I guess Tom's not particular.
I guess everybody knows that.
I guess everyone makes mistakes.
Everything's different now.
I hired a guide.
Our tour guide's name was Tom.
This isn't a handout.
Tom has handled it well.
Tom is handling it well.
Can you handle the truth?
Tom handled it pretty well.
Tom will have to handle that.
Tom has handled it very well.
Can Tom handle the pressure?
You handled yourself well today.
You obviously can't handle this.
You handled that very skillfully.
I've been trying to handle this myself.
I hung up the phone.
I miss hanging out there.
We were just hanging out.
I'm still hanging in there.
Tom often hangs out with John and Mary.
I hear you've been hanging out with Tom.
You should go hang out with your friends.
I saw several people hanging out in the park.
I was just hanging out with some of my friends.
I performed the work reluctantly.
I liked this striped shirt.
The train has already gone.
Markku stepped on the train.
After the stop the train accelerated quickly.
The train departs in five minutes.
Is it okay if I open the curtain?
May I open the curtain?
Can I open the curtain?
Am I allowed to open the curtain?
Miracle of miracles, none of the passengers were hurt.
She is a beautiful girl with blonde hair and blue eyes.
Barbie has blond hair and blue eyes.
Tom is a social drinker.
Mary is a social drinker.
Apparently you are right.
I'm supporting France in the World Cup.
Nice to meet all of you!
He unexpectedly called you stupid.
Despite everything he is still playing dumb.
I am waiting for approval.
Do you believe that he is telling the truth?
I want to add this sentence.
I want to translate this sentence into Vietnamese.
How can I add these sentences?
This sentence is obsolete.
I was falling.
I have read.
I was reading.
I had read it.
We have read.
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky.
The snow bends the trees.
Why are you always laughing?
Is it OK if I open the curtain?
The bus had already left by the time my wife was finished dressing.
Would you please tell me your name again?
The sunrise is beautiful this morning.
I wanted to learn Esperanto, because it interested me very much.
He takes the subway to work.
It is cheap to take the subway in Beijing.
Nothing phases you.
I'm sorry, I already have another commitment.
How did your father feel about that?
She's a square.
She is highly talented and well educated.
There's just absolutely nothing happening.
Something bad happened in Boston yesterday.
This sort of thing hardly ever happens.
